374
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Skss.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Hamlin.
H. of Reps..
motives of any man, of any party, or rail at the do-
ings of any party. Neither shall I denounce any
man, or party, or State, as having lost all sense of
honor and patriotism; neither my taste, nor chari-
ty, nor age, nor the little judgment I have, will per-
mit me to do it. I shall express my views of the
question before us in as few and simple words as I
can command, but fully, frankly, ana fearlessly.
At the threshold we are met by a constitutional
objection, to my mind insurmountable. Take each
and all the propositions before us—the resolutions
introduced by the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs; the resolutions introduced by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,] found-
ed upon the principle that the treaty of 1819
is void; or take the resolutions offered by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Wf.li.er;]
or the various resolutions and bills authoriz-
ing the people of Texas to form a constitution, and
annexi6g.it as a State; take any and all of them,
and they amount to nothing more nor less than
this; a proposition made by the United States, to be
accepted by Texas, before annexation takes place.
Now, what is a proposition made by one party, and
accepted by another, but a bargain, a contract, a
treaty? And this bargain, this treaty, is to be made
between two independent nations. It is too late to
say that Texas is now a part and parcel of the
United States; that "it is bone of our bone, and flesh
of our flesh." 1 care not whether it was once a
part of us or not. If it were, it has been cut
off by treaties to which we, and the people of
Texas, have consented, and acted upon. We are
estopped from taking this position by having ac-
knowledged its independence, and by to-day hav-
ing our charg? de affaires, our national representa-
tive, at its seat of government, and receiving and
negotiating with its minister here. It sounds
strange to hear gentlemen argue in one part of their
speeches that Texas was once ours, and has never
been dismembered from hs, and in another part, that
it is an independent nation; that we have acknowl-
edged its independence, and that, therefore, we have
a right to annex it to us, and Mexico has no right
to interfere. It is either independent, or it is
a part of Mexico. Look at it in whichever
light you please, it can only become ours
by a treaty made with it, or Mexico, or both.
Where, then, by our constitution, is deposited the
power to make treaties with a foreign nation? This
is the great question here now before us. It is not,
where is the power to make a bargain witji individ-
uals, or with one or more of the States; but where
is the power to make a bargatn with a foreign na-
tion? Let us look to the constitution itself, and what
does that  ay? Does it confer this power upon Con-
gress? Far from it; so far, that it expressly confers
it upon the executive and Senate. The second sec-
tion of the second article reads, that the President
"shall have power, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two-
thirds of the senators present concur. What c n
be more plain, more specific? Here, then, it is ex-
pressly deposited. Our fathers, in their wisdom,
placed it here. If they have erred, let us amend
the constitution, but let us not set the example of
violating it.
I know it is said that Congress can borrow money
of foreign nations, and that the borrowing of mon-
ey is a contract; and, if borrowed by Congress of a
foieign nation, it is said that it would be forming a
treaty with it. Admitted. What does it prove?
Dftes not the constitution expressly confer this pow-
er upon Congress? Does it not aay, in so many
words, that Congress shall have power "to borrow
money on the credit of the United States'" And is
it not from this express grant that the power is de-
rived? And will any one contend that, when tile
constitution has conferred upon one department of
the government a general power to make treaties
with foreign nations, and has at the same time con-
ferred upon another department power to form a
treaty for one particular object, in consideration
thereof this other department may take to itself a
general power to form treaties in all cases? The
very fact of conferring upon Congress this power to
borrow money, shows that without it Congress
could not act in the case; and, instead of weakening,
it greatly strengthens the argument against its pow-
er to form this treaty of annexation. To help the
gentlemen, they should show an express power to
do it, in the same manner that we show an express
power to borrow money.
But it is contended that that clause of the con-
stitution, which authorizes Congress to admit
new States into the Union, confers a general au-
thority to admit foreign States. If that be the case,
why is the word "new" used? Why not say,
Congress may admit States or nations into the
Union? Why use the word "new?" Did the
framers of the constitution wish to show more
favor to new nations that should spring up,
than to old ones then in existence? And why
use the word States? Why not use the phrase "for-
eign States or powers," as is everywhere else used
in the constitution, when reference is made to for-
eign nations? Whoever will look with an eye single
to the discovery of the truth, at the situation of the
ountry at the time the constitution was formed,
cannot fail, it would seem to me, to perceive, that
the sole object of the grant of this power was for
the purpose of admitting such new States as should
be carved out of the territories belonging to the
United States, and those formed out of portions of
the old States. And I am strengthened in this opin-
ion by the fact, that this power is contained in the
same section.which authorizes Congress to take care
of and dispose of the territories and other property
belonging to the United States; and no other power
is granted in said section.
There are others who contend that, although this
grant of power to Congress to admit new States
does not confer power to admit foreign States, yet,
that Congress may purchase territory out of which
new States shall be formed, and that this power is
implied, being necessary and proper to carry into
effect the express power to admit new States. But
is it necessary and proper that Congress should
possess such power? Why? Do not these same
persons admit that the power to purchase foreign
territory is expressly granted to the executive and
two-thirds of the Senate? Or'are they now going
to deny that Texas can come in by treaty? And, if
foreign territory can be acquired by treaty, what ne-
cessity is there for Congress to possess the power
to purchase it? There can be none, only, that the
Senate, in their wisdom and patriotism, refuse to
sanction the purchase—the treaty. Here, then, "is
the rub." Members in this House, because the
Senate refuse to exert a power, which they admit is
expressly granted to it, in such a way as shall please
them, are determined to imply, usurp, and exert the
power themselves, and do the thing they want done.
And that is the reason, the sole and only
reason, why this measure has come before us. And
has it come to this, that when one department of
this government refuses to exert its power to ac-
complish an object desired by another department,
that this other department may imply in itself
power to do the thing, and do it? If so, we may as
well bid farewell to our liberties at once. We may
as well consolidate all the departments into one,
and then we shall soon have a government without
■! any balances and checks—a despotism of the worst
kind. And these men, who would thus imply a
| power in one department to do what another de-
! partment is expressly authorized to do, belong to
; the school of strict constructionists! They are
|, State-rights men! Sir, no whig, no federalist of
| i olden time, ever carried the doctrine of implied
H powers to such an alarming extent. This is "pro-
!l gressivedemociacy," with a vengeance.
j! I know that there are some who think that if the\
J N government possess power to purchase territory of ^
i| a foreign government, it is of little or no conse-
quence what department of ihe government exer-
!cises the power. I differ entirely from these. The
f power to make contracts with foreign nations is one
of the highest order, of the utmost importance.
: When once made, they are unalterable, irrepeala-
bte. The power to enter into them, therefore,
should be removed as far as possible from party in-
fluences and momentary and transient excitement.
If Congress, under the heat of a great political con-
test, or in view of one, or to carry out pledges made
in one, pass a foolish and impolitic law, the evil is
not incurable. The same Congress, or a subsequent
one, may alter, amend, or repeal it. But not so
with a treaty. It is like the laws of the Medes and
Peisians. What, for instance, is proposed to be
do'ie in this case? Nothing less than to merge a
foieign nation in our own; to assume its war, its
debts, its treaties, and all its known and unknown
obligations; to enter into a contract with a foreign
nation, which is to be the fundamental law for all
generations. Where should the power to do this
be placed, if, indeed, the people should trust it any
where but in themselves? If our fathers, the fram-
ers of our sacred—perhaps I should say once
sacred—constitution, have placed it anywhere, it is
where it should be, and that is, with the President,
who is elected by all the people; who, with his cabi-
net, composed, as it always should be, of the wisest
and best statesmen of the nation, has time to give it
cool, dispassionate, and full consideration; and after
that with the Senate, with those who are elected
from each of the States, whose tenure of office is
supposed to the sufficiently long to lift them above
party influences and personal interests, where it
must undergo the close scrutiny and calm delibera-
tion of the most elevated legislative body in the
world, and then receive, not simply the approbation
of a majority , but the approbation of two-thirds of
the members of that body. And even if there were
nothing in the nature of the act to be done that re-
quired so many safeguards to be thrown around it,
the great danger arising from one department of the
government usurping the powers of another, ought
to be sufficient to deter us from acting in this case.
Hear what President Washington says in his fare-
well address, on this subject:
'•It is important that the habits of thinking in a free coun-
try should inspire caution in those intrusted with its ad-
ministration, to confine themselves within their lespective
constitutional spheres, avoiding in the exercise of one de-
partment to encroach upon another. The spirit of en-
croachment tends to consolidate the powers of all the de-
partments in one, and thus to create, whatever the form of
government, a real despotism. The necessity of reciprocal
checks m the exercise of political power, by dividing and
distributing jt into difl'eient depositories, and constituting
each the guardian of the public weal against invasion by
the others, has been evinced by experiments ancient and
modern; some of them m our country and under our own
eyes. To preserve them, must be as necessary as to insti
tute them. If, in the opinion of the people, the distribu-
tion or modification of the different powers be in any par-
ticular wrong, let it be corrected by an amendment in the
way which the constitution designates. But let there be
no change bv usurpation; for, though this, in one instance,
may be the instrument of good, it is the customary weapon
by which free governments are destroyed The precedent
must greatly overbalance in permanent evil any partial or
transient benefit, which the use can at any time yield."
This, sir, is the language of one who, "though
dead, yet speaketh." It comes to us like a voice
from the other side of Jordan, to which we should
listen. It would almost seem as if the father of his
country, when he wrote this address, was wrapt in
prophetic vision, m which he had a fall view of the
present situation of this nation, and of the measure
now before us; in consideration of which, he was
led to "give us line upon line, and precept upon
precept," and especially in the extract which I have
just read, and in that part of it where he enjoins
upon us to deal justly and fairly with all nations;
stating it to be not only the dictate of morality and
religion, but also of sound policy; urging us to
make the experiment, as being recommended by
every sentiment which enobles human nature; and
yet exclaiming, as if almost faithless, "Alas! is it
rendered impossible by its vices?" Well might he
exclaim, alas! alas! for scarcely has the sound of
his voice died upon our ears, before his precepts
are forgotten, and his example is unheeded. I re-
commend to gentlemen to read that address care-
fully, as if in his presence, before they cafct their
votes on this important measure.
Another sentiment has been advanced hen% cal-
culated to create alarm in the bosom of every Iriend
of constitutional government. It is this: that there
exists in Congress a power which is above all laws
and all constitutions—the power of self-preserva-
tion. This doctrine was advan ed by the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Belser,] who first ad-
dressed us from that State. The same principle
was also advanced and advocated by another gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Payne-] He stated
that in everv nation there must, exist a self-preserv-
ing power; and that that power must be in Con-
gress, as the people had piaced it nowhere else.
Now, that there exists in every nation self-preserv-
ing powers, no one will dispute. The powers con-
ferred upon Congress are self-preserving powers.
They are to preserve our lives, our liberty, our
honor, and our property. These are ourselves, and
all there is in and of and belonging to ourselves
worth preserving; and 1 believe the government ot
the United States is possessed of sufficient constitu-
tional powers to preserve all these. We have tried
it now for many years. We have tried in peace
and in war, and it has never failed us, and I think
it never will, while honestly and faithfully adminis-
tered. But suppose it should fail us: where then are
the remaining self-preserving powers, and how are
they to be used? The constitution tells us where
they are. Article the tenth, of the amendments to
the constitution, says that—^The powers not dele-
~ to the United States by the constitution, no^
