Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
28th Cong 2d Sess.
*Annexation of Texas—Mr. Hamlin.
H. of Reps.
prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the
States respectively, or to the people." No, no, say
both the gentlemen from Alabama, they belong to
Congress. But the constitution does not say so; it
says they belong to the States respectively, or to the
people. Which shall we credit? With great defer-
ence to the opinions of both of those gentlemen, I
must still be permitted to bow to the constitution.
But the constitution not only tells us where those
powers are, but also in what manner they are to be
used; and that is, by amending the constitution in
the way pointed out in the instrument itself, when-
ever it shall be found to be inadequate to give due
protection to the people, and to alt the interests of
the country committed to the keeping of the general
government.
Another gentleman [Mr. Ingersoll] advanced a
similar doctrine. He said "that public sentiment
was the /. at law of this and every free country,
and is much better than any written law." Now, I
contend that public sentiment and the constitution—
or, in other words, the written law to which he re-
ferred—are one and the same thing. The constitu-
tion is the embodiment of public opinion in regard
to our powers. We are to look to that instrument
as the recorded and solemnly pronounced verdict of
public sentiment, as to the nature and extent of the
powers of this government. When we wish to know
our powers we must go to this instrument; we must
listen to its voice; we must be deaf to every other
sound, come from whence it will; through this chan-
nel, and this alone, public sentiment on this subject
must be conveyed to us. If public sentiment
change, then let it change the constitution in the
mode and manner pointed out by the people in that
instrument itself. When this is done, no one will
bow to it wi:h more pleasure than I will. But let
no one urge upon me, that there is^a public senti-
ment which calls upon me to violafS the constitution,
and that I must obey it. I never have been sworn
to obey any such public sentiment. I am sworn to
support the constitution; and the constitution I will
support as it is, even if public sentiment be against
me, until it assumes a legal form, and speaks to me
through amendments to that sacred instrument.
And 1 see not how any one can do othwwise, who
regards the oath he has taken, and who does not
"love the praise of men more than the praise of
God," and the approbation of his own conscience.
But there is no such public sentiment as is spoken
of, requiring us to violate the constitution to annex
Texas to this Union. It is not the effervescence
ansmgfrom every commotion, at every presidential
election, that forms public sentiment; it requires
many second sober thoughts to form it.
And now, Mr. Chairman, why are we called
upon to violate the constitution, to usurp the powers
of another department of the government, and the
reserved powers of the States and the people? What
great interest is in danger? What great calamity is
about to befall this nation? Why is the annexation
of Texas to be brought about by such unconstitu-
al means: It is well for us to look at the reason—
at the true reason—why this is to be done. I know
that it is contended, that the mechanic and manufac-
turing interests of the North require Texas to be
annexed; and this argument is constantly urged
upon ns by southern men. They appear all at
once to feel a wonderful sympathy for the prosper-
ity of these interests. A gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Payne] went extensively into figures, to show
how great would be the advantages to be derived
from tins mtssuie to these northern manufacturers.
And jet it is only a few days since this same gen-
tleman dcclaied upon this floor uncompromising
war upon the tanlF by which they are sustained, and
declared that millions of swords were ready, if ne-
cessary, to leap from their scabbards to destroy it;
and yet he urges the annexation of Texas, for the
purpose of benefiting these mamifactuiers! Sir,
when 1 hear these southern free-trade men urging
this measure for these reasons, I always feel uneasy
about the "fifth rib."
A^aio, it is urged, because it will make a market
for the productions of agnculture, and will increase
oar commerce. Men seeem to argue as if the peo-
ple of Texas never world want anything to eat or
wear, un'ess tliey should come into this Union. For
one, i believe that Texas free—I mean free from
slavery, as 1 believe she soon will be if not annexed
■—wouid require more of our manufactures,our agri-
cultural productions, and give more impetus to our
mmerce, than if she should be annexed, with her
ergies crushed by that institution.
&gain, we are urged to do it out of sympathy for
the people of Texas. Gentlemen, at the same time
that they urge this argument, tell us that she is inde-
pendent; that Mexico never can reconquer her; that
England is offeriilg her great commercial advantages,
if she will only refuse to be annexed; axd that her
people are wise and brave, and have established a
constitution like our own, except that they have
made some great improvements. If all this be true,
(and I have no disposition) to deny it, they are cer-
tainly better off than they would be if annexed to
this country. Let them enjoy, I say, their better
constitution, their great commercial advantages, and
the honors which by their bravery they have won.
Let them live in peace; why bring them into this
country, to be participants in the great contest now
going on between liberty and slavery here, and
which will convulse this nation in all its length and
breadth for years to come?
Lastly, it is urged that we must annex Texas for
the purpose of extend the "area of freedom,;'" and
this brings me to the true reason which urges on the
friends of the measure. This cry about extending
the area of freedom is not a new cry. It was
first gotten up by Mr. Murphy, our charge
d'affaires in Texas. In a letter directed by him to
Mr. Upshur, then Secretary of State, after stating
that England was striving to bring about an amica-
ble arrangement between Mexico and Texas, which,
he says, "would liberate at once all the slaves of
Texas," he asks, "If the government of the United
States can longer doubt what to do?" He says that
the constitution of Texas secures to the master the
perpetual right to his slave, and prohibits the intro-
duction of slaves into Texas from any other quarter
than the United States; and says, if the United
States will take their position on the side of the con-
stitution and laws, and the civil, political, and reli-
gious liberties of the people of Texas secured there-
by, (saying nothing about abolition,) all the world
will be with her. And again: "saying nothing
which can offend even our fanatical brethren of the
North, let the United States espouse at once the
cause of civil, political, and religious liberty in this
hemisphere. This will be found to be the safest
issue to go before the people with." Here, then, is
the origin of the cry of extending the area of free-
dom. And what did it mean in its first conception?
Simply this, that slavery must not be abolished in
Texas. And it has not. changed its meaning yet.
It is to prevent the abolition of slavery in Texas that
its annexation is urged upon us. This is the great
controlling reason. Were it not for perpetuating
slavery in that country, we should hear no more of
this measure. I know that gentlemen strive to keep
this reason concealed from the eyes of the people;
they do not wish to have it brought to light in this
House; they are afraid of its effect on the people in
the free States, and their representatives here. But
the veil must and shall be lifted, and the true object
in view exhibited in all its naked deformities. It is
true, that a gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Belser]
hinted at it, when he spoke of the peculiar institu-
tions of the South being in danger, when remarking
upon the existence of a self pieserving power above
all laws and constitutions; and also anpther gentle-
man, [Mr. Payne,] when he spoke of a southern
institution, whose name was not to be mentioned
by southern men upon this floor. In order to un-
derstand fully the object of this scheme, we must go
back to its inception, we must examine the corres-
pondence in which it originated.
The first letter upon this subject is a communica-
tion, made by Mr. Upshur, then Secretary of State,
to Mr. Murphy, our charge m Texas, (n this letter he
states that he has information of a project on foot, by
the abolitionists of England,for the abolition of slavery
in Texas, by loaning a sufficient sum of money to
indemnify the slaveholders for their loss in setting
them free, and that Lord Aberdeen has agreed that
the British government will guaranty the payment
of the interest upon this loan if Texas will abolish
slavery. Now, one would have supposed that this
news would have been received with joy by this
free government of ours—this government, whose
principles are destined to overturn the tyrannical
governments of Europe. For one—and in declaring
it I think I only speak the sentiment that swelled
the bosoms of our revolutionary fathers—I not only
wish that money sufficient had been raised to set the
slaves free in Texas, but I would to God that suffi-
cient was raised to free our own slaves, and liberate
the down-trodden in all lands. But such were not
the feelings that animated the bosom of Mr. Upshur;
on the contrary, he declares that "it cannot be per-
mitted to succeed, without the most strenuous ef-
forts on our part to arrest a calamity so serious to
every part of our country." And he concludes by
telling him, "that he is very desirous to impress this
subject upon his attention; that it is worthy of his
most vigilant care; and that few calamities could be- •
fal this country more to be deplored, than the estab-
lishment of a predominant British influence, and the
abolition of domestic slavery in Texas"
He then writes to our minister in England, Mr.
Everett, and instructs him to have an interview with
Lord Aberdeen, and discover "the intentions and
measures of that government in reference to African
slavery." Lord Aberdeen very frankly declares,
that-England was of one mind in wishing the aboli-
tion of slavery throughout the world, and that she had
long been pledged to encourage, so far as her influence
extended, the abolition of slavery in every proper way;
and that the British government had recommended
to Mexico to acknowledge the independence of Tex-
as, on the condition of slavery being abolished there.
Was not this a- noble stand? Ought not our gov-
ernment to have met her half way? Ought not
those of us who have so much sympathy for the
welfare of that young republic, and such all-power-
ful desires to extend the area of freedom, to have
united our efforts with those of England, and pro-
cured the acknowledgment of the independence of
Texas, and the abolition of slavery there? Did we
do so? The time was favorable; an armistice was
concluded between Texas and Mexico, and negoti-
ations for peace were in progress between the two
nations. What a fine opportunity to have exhibit-
ed our benevolence, and our love of freedom. Did
we embrace it? Far from it; on the contrary, Mr.
Upshur immediately wrote a letter to our charge in
Texas, exhorting the people of that country to hold
on to their present position; that the administration
here was very anxious to go their support; and im-
mediately made propositions for the annexation of
Texas to this country. Is more testimony wanted?
Does not the reason for annexation stand forth as
clear as the sun at noon-day? And is not that rea-
son to prevent the abolition of slavery in Texas?
But if more evidence is wanted, it can be furnish-
ed; and that, too, from an authority which will not
be disputed. Mr. Upshur, in the midst of this ne-
gotiation, was called suddenly to his last account.
Mr. Calhoun was appointed to fill the station of
Secretary of State. By him the treaty of annexa-
tion was concluded. He knows why it was done.
And now let us look at the reason as giyen by him.
In a letter to Mr. Pakenham, communicating to
him the fact of the conclusion of the treaty, he says:
"The President looks with the doepest concern up-
on the avowal of Lord Aberdeen, of the desire of
Great Britain to see slavery abolished in Texas,
and, as ho infers, is endeavoring through her
diplomacy to accomplish it, by making the
abolition of slavery one of the conditions
on which Mexico should acknowledge its independ-
ence. That he has become settled in the conviction
that it would be difficult for Texas, in her present
condition, to resist what she desires; and that he
feels it the imperious duty of the federal government
to adopt the most effectual measures to prevent it;
that for this purpose he has foimed a treaty of an-
nexation; and that this step has been taken as the
most effectual means of guarding against the threat-
ened danger." And in a letter to Mr. Green, then
our representative in Mexico, communicating the
same fact, he says: "This step was forced on the
government of the United States in self-defence, m*
consequence of the policy adopted by Great Britain
in reference to the-abolition of slavery in Texas; and
that it has been compelled to take this step as the
only certain and effectual means of preventing it."
In view of all this testimony, will any gentleman
deny that the object of annexing Texas is to prevent
the abolition of slavery there? I might accumulate
testimony to sustain this point, by giving further
extracts from the correspondence of the government
with foieign nations on this subject of annexation,
and fiom communications made to it by private in-
dividuals. In one of these letters, from a gentleman
in Texas to the Secretary of State, it is said:
■ Tl-e line between Te xas and the United States will form
i .e line Tears alter a commercial treaty
shlll be formed with Ureal Britain, and that by ourown free
, Tmt si ill sooner if « e are left alone to take care 01 oilr-
Sves for we cannot so into another war with Mexico,
and leave our families at home, exposed to the dangeis of a
slave population; and we never will .urronder the countiy
to Mexico while one man is loit to light.
We are all familiar with the correspondence be-
tween Mr. Calhoun and Mr. King, our minister to
France, on this subject. The whole scope of it is to
