Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
377
28th Cong 2d Sess
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Hamlin.
H. of Reps.
merely thatthey cannot walk alone,butthat they can- ,
not walk in uur company without leaning upon our
shoulders. They know that their sceptre is depart- :
ed; and now they not only want us to nurse them,
tut they want us to put another sceptre into their
hands, more potent than they have ever possessed,
with which they can rule over us. For one, I de-
mur. I will have nothing to do with or for slavery
ill the States. I will neither touch, nor taste, nor han-
dle the unclean thing. I deny that it is a national
institution. It is not a child of our begetting.
It was born long before this government had an ex-
istence; nor have we adopted it into our family. On
the contrary, I deny that this government has any
right, either to create a slave, or, by the exercise of
its powers, to continue one in his bonds. I know
that this is taking bold and high ground; but it
reaches no higher than the constitution itself, and
man's inalienable rights Where, in that instru-
ment, is any power conferred upon any department
of this government to make a mail a slave? Is it to
be found among the express powers? Which one?
Letgentlemen lay their finger upon it if they can.
Is it necessary to carry into effect any expressly
granted power? Which one, I ask again? There is
no such power there. None ever was intended
to be granted. And even if there had been an at-
tempted grant of any such power, such grant
would be null and void. The powers of
our national government are derived from the
people themselves. The people could confer no
power which they themselves did not possess. No
man can empower another to do a thing which he •!
himself has no right to do. The people had no right j
to make a slave, nor could they confer any such j
right upon a government of their own forming; and !
should they attempt it, the act would be a mere nulli-
ty—no part of the constitution, nor binding upon j
any man, or any State. This is no new doctrine, j
It follows, inevitably, not only from the principles- '
of eternal justice, from God's will revealed to man, j
'• but also from the principles of the declaration of
, American independence, solemnly proclaimed at the
iime of the nation's birth. Does not that say, that
man has by nature an inalienable right to liberty—■
that is, a right from which he cannot be separated'
It was upon this rock that liberty took her stand
during our revolutionary struggle, and cheered our\
troops, and nerved the arms of our mighty men, as
they went forth to battle with England's armed host. /
And after the dm of battle was over, and victory
won, our fathers met together to build, upon this
rock, a temple in which she might dwell forever.
That temple is our sacred constitution. It is true,
it has been greatly polluted since. In it, unclean
beasts have been offered up in sacrifice. It has been
made a house of merchandise, and a den of thieves.
Liberty, for a time, seems to have left it in disgust; but
I thank Heaven that she is returning. Already we
can see her shadow before her, and soon, those will
he east out, who buy and sell in the temple, and the
tables of money changers will be overturned, and
the seats of them that sell slaves. The constitution
will be purified from all connection with slavery.
It will yet be restored to those holy uses, for which
our fathers erected it, to remain, I trust, a temple in
which liberty may dwell forever.
So far from the framers of the constitution con-
ferring power upon any department of the govern-
ment to make a man a slave, they were not satisfied
with its being silent upon that subjcct, and there-
fore, out of abundant caution, ill an amendment to
that instrument, they nave inserted a clause utterly
forbidding the use of such power. That clause is in
these words: "No person shall be deprived of life,
| liberty, or property, without due process of law."
| Here the same safeguard is thrown around liberty
! that protects the life and property of every citizen m
; this country; and let us not forget that it applies to
■ all persons. No distinction is made on account of
i color or station. And what is this safeguard? It is,
| that neither life, nor liberty, nor property, shall be ta-
: lien from any person till there has been a legal trial;
for this is the meaning of due process of law. It is
; not that they shall be taken away by law,
I or by statute, but by due process of law. Pio-
j cess is a legal, technical term, and comprehends all
; those various steps pursued by our courts of justice
. in bringing and deciding cases before them for litt-
: gation. Liberty is to be taken away in the ssme
| manner that life and property are taken away. And
• how is this done? By simply passing a statute that
* such and such persons shall be executed, or that the
J property of such and such persons shall be taken
I from them' Or. can it be done by forming a treaty
with a foreign nation for the purchase of territory,
or passing resolutions for that purpose through
Congress, providing that a certain class of the in-
habitants of the territory shall be hung up by the
neck till they are dead, and without being tried by a
jury, or that their property shall be taken away?
W ould not such a statute, or treaty, or resolutions,
be pronounced unconstitutional and void—a palpa-
ble violation of this clause of the constitution? And
is not liberty placed here with life and property?
And is it not as dear as either of the others? Is it to
be sported with as a thing of nought? Again, I ask,
what guaranty is thrown around life and property
by this clause of the constitution? What is meant
by due process of law as applied to them? It it not
that they shall not be taken away unless forfeited
by crime, and that the commission of the crime
shall be decided by a trial had by law?—and that
that trial shall be by jury, according to the second
section of the third article of the constitution,
which says that "the trial of all crimes, except
in cases of impeachment, shall be by jury?"
Has not this always been the understanding of the
constitution? Has life or property ever been taken
away in any other manner? And should they be,
would it not raise a rebellion at once? And I ask,
once more, is not liberty as sacredly guarded as
either life or property? It it not classed with them?
Would not a statute, passed by Congress, which
should provide for taking away life or property, un-
less for the commission of crime already ascertained
by the verdict of a jury, be pronounced by our judi-
cial tribunals to be unconstitutional, null, and void?
And would they not pronounce the provisions of a
treaty for the same object null and void also? And
if such a statute, and such provision of a treaty, ta-
king away life and property, would be declared null
and void, ought they not to declare them equally un-
constitutional and void when made to take away lib-
erty in the same manner?
Gentlemen may say that these principles would
set free all the slaves m the Territory of Florida. I
admit that they would. They are held in bonds by
virtue of the laws of this government. Those laws
are unconstitutional and void; and, in my opinion,
every slave there is as free as the air he breathes.
Again: It may be said that these principles would
/ree the slaves in those States formed out of the
' Louisiana Territory purchased of France. This re-
sult, however, does not followr The slaves m those
States are not held in bondage by virtue of the laws
of Congress. They are held thus by virtue of
State laws. While the territory belonged to the
United States, the slaves then there were continued
such by United States laws; and then they were in
fact free, and should have been declared so. But
.now the institution of slavery in those States has pass-
ed out of the jurisdiction of the United States, and is
as much beyond the control of the United States
government, as it would be if those States formed
separate and independent nations; and if all the laws
of the United States should be repealed, not a slave
there would be any more free.
From this view of the constitution, it would seem
that the following conclusions are inevitable:
First. That Congress has no powei to admit for-
eign territories or foreign States into this Union for
any purpose whatever.
Secondly. That Congress has no right to exercise
powers not conferred upon it by the constitution;
that all such powers are reserved to the people or to
the States, and are to be used by them in amending
| that instrument, in the form pointed out by the con-
stitution itself.
I Thirdly. That slavery in the States is a State m-
I stitution, placed beyond the power of Congress,
1 which has no power to extend or perpetuate it, or
j do it away.
: Fourthly. That the government of the United
! States has no right to make a man a slave, or to con-
! tinue him in his bonds; that the people, who formed
I the constitution, having no such right themselves,
' could not confer it upon the government; and so far
i from attempting to do it, they have expressly guard-
: ed against it by providing that no person shall be
i deprived of his liberty except by due process of law.
! Fifthly. That any act or resolutions passed by
' Congress to admit a foreign State, or nation, or ter-
ritory, into the United States, would be null and
void, neither binding upon any department of the
o-overnment, nor upon any State, nor upon the people
of the Tnited States.
Sixthly. That any provision m any treaty made
by this government, or in any law passed by Con-
gress, stipulating, cither for reducing men to slavery,
or continuing them in slavery, are, and must ever be,
utterly void and of no binding effect.
Under these circumstances, should Texas be an-
nexed to this Union, and for the avowed purpose
of extending and perpetuating slavery, what would
be its effect upon our constitution and Union?
There are some who contend that it would be of
itself a dissolution of the Union, and the forma-
tion of a new one, and that any State would
have a right to say whether it would form a part of
the new Union or not; that it would, in fact, throw
the States back upon their original sovereignty, and
place them in the same condition they were in prior
to the formation of our constitution. Believing, as
I do, that any act of this government annexing Tex-
as to us would be clearly and palpably unconstitu-
tional and void, I do not see how it could have this
effect. 1 do not see how a null and void act can
have any effect. It appears to me that the
constitution as it is, and the Union as it is,
and Texas as it is, would still remain. Texas
would be- no more annexed than it is now.
The act annexing it would be a dead letter, to which
life could not be imparted. It would not be binding
while it remained, and might at any time be repeal-
ed. We may declare, if we please, the stipulations
contained in our law or resolutions, or treaties, or
whatever other name we may give to this unconsti-
tutional act, to be the fundamental law of union,
binding forever upon us and our posterity, but they
never will be regarded as such, or submitted to as
such, by the people of this country. Let it not be
said that this is the language of nullification. It is
far from it. The doctrine of nullification is, that
any State may declare any act of Congress to be
unconstitutional, and resist its execution, notwith-
standing the judicial tribunals of the country shall
decide it to be the law of the land; tribunals which
the State's themselves have clothed with power to
decide what is and what is not law. This doctrine
I abhor. It would annihilate every act of Congress
in its turn. It would make every man a judge in
his own case. Few, indeed, are the measures of
our general government which have not, at one time
or another, been declared to be unconstitutional by
some one State injuriously affecied thereby. It ap-
pears to me that any act of this government, decid-
ed to be unconstitutional by the judicial tribunals,
must be submitted to by the States and people while
the decision remains unaltered. If the act be of
such a nature that it cannot be brought before those
tribunals for decision, 1 see no remedy but tempo-
rary submission, until, by appeals to the good sense
and justice of the people, the act shall be repealed.
It is true, we may submit to an unconstitutional act
so long, making no efforts for its repeal or over-
throw, until the interests of innocent men have
become so interwoven with its existence, as in
the case of the Louisiana purchase, that its re-
peal or overthrow would be unjust. But in this
case there will go up one continued, deter-
mined, unceasing cry for repeal, till it is done. I do
not say that the people would not submit to naked
annexation; but they never will regard the terms of
annexation as fundamental law, especially any terms
permitting slavery in any portion of the annexed,
territory. Gentlemen mayFthink that there will be
a little bluster on the part of anti-slavery men, and
then all opposition will die away. But they are
mistaken. Anti-slavery men will never be lulled to
sleep by another Missouri compromise. Their ha-
tred of slavery is an undying hatred. It has grown
up under bitter persecution, violence, and mobs, and
has been watered by the blood of many martyrs.
They are differently situated from what they were
in 1820. Then slavery existed in many States
where it is now abolished. Then England and the
nations of the earth were against them. But now
the fallow ground of the free States is broken up,
and the seed has been freely sown and taken deep
root. Now they have the sympathies of the christian
and civilized world cheering them on. Now they
have the example of British West India emancipa-
tion showing that abolition is both practical and
safe: thus taking away the last excuse from every
slaveholder who does not love slavery for slavery s
gake_who does not roll it as a sweet morsel under
histongue. But this is not all. They have reaped
the bitter fruits of the Missouri compromise. They
have seen slavery, strengthened byruling over
them with a rod of iron—yes and felt it too. The
free States have long been looking to a brighter
day—to the day when the political power of this na-
tion should be placed in their hands. The long
looked-for day has come. "The sepptre," as has been
