380
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Rives.
Senate.
ing one of the fundamental compromises of the constitu-
tion, Judge Story says:
"The safest rule of interpretation, after all, will be found
to be to look to the nature ana object? of the particular
powers, duties, and rignts, with all the lights and aids of
contemporary history; and to give to the words of each just
such operation and force, consistent with their legitimate
meaning, as may fairly secure and attain the ends pro-
posed."
And now, with the aids and lights of contemporaneous his-
tory, Mr R. invited the Senate to do what Mr. Jefferson had
said ought to be done in every question of constitutional
construction—"to go back to the time when the constitu-
tion was adopted,11 and see what was the sense m which
its provisions were then practically intended and under-
stood.
At the time when the constitution was adopted there were
two descriptions of political communities or existences em-
braced within the limits of the United States; one consisted
of organized Stattsjwith all the powers, faculties, and instru-
ments; of independent self-government in regaid to their mu-
nicipal and domestic concerns, and at the same time partici-
pating in the administration of the general government over
the Union by their representatives in Congxess. Side by
side with these was another class, consisting of dependent
communities, with imperfect and subordinate powers, and
denominated Territories. These Territories were governed,
mediately or immediately, by Congress, and were without
any voice of their own in the national councils. These lat-
ter communities were doubtless prominently in the view of
the constitution when it spoke of new States being admitted.
He did not mean to say that the clause referred only to such
Territories as were within the limits of the United States at
the time of the adoption of the constitution. It applied to
all territories which should be included within the national
limits at the time when new States weie to be formed out of
them. Virginia had ceded to the United States in 1784 the
vast body of the lands northwest of the Ohio, and in the act
of cession had expressly stipulated that the territory so ce-
ded should be divided into not less than three nor more than
five republican States, which should come into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States. These embryo
States formed one class of candidates for admission into the
Union, and were, of course, within the view of the consti-
tutional provision.
But this was not all. There were several States,of large and
disproportionate dimensions, within which it was foreseen
new States must arise. Virginia at that time included with-
in her limits what was then called the district of Kentucky.
This territory was, even then, aspiring to rise into the dig-
nity of a State, and had entered into an arrangement with
the legislature of Virginia for that purpose. Then there
was the patriotic and high-spirited community of Frank-
land—the germ of the future State of Tennessee—embraced
within the limits of North Carolina. She was then in sub-
stance a separate community, exercising de facto, though
in a style of almost Arcadian simplicity, many of the at-
tributes of independent sovereignty. Besides these theie
was the Territory of Maine (within the limits of Massachu-
setts) also aspiring after State dignity. There was, more,
over, Vermont, lying within territory claimed by the State
of New York, but having long since set up a separate gov-
ernment, and earnestly demanded admission into the con-
federacy. The senator's own State, too, was at that time I
agitated by schemes of division, which, if they had been (
unfortunately carried into execution, would have deprived j
her of the proud honor she now wears of being the key-
stone of the federal arch. "Within the broad limits of Geor-
gia—then stretching over what are now the States of Mis-
sissippi and Alabama—it was impossible not to foresee that
new States would also arise. Thus the country stood when
the constitution was adopted; and it was in view of this
st-ite of things, and of the fact that there was no power in
the old confederation to admit new States, that this much
perverted clause was inserted.
Here, then, were five new States to come in out of the
Northwest Territory, besides all those other aspiring scions
from the larger States, which were springing up on all
sides. The old confederation, strange as "it may appear,
possessed no power to admit new States out of dorr.estJC
territory. On this point Mr R. would call the attention of
the Senate to a number of the Federalist, in which Mr.
Madison distinctly stated this defect of power in the old
confederation, and traced to that defect the origin of the
clause in the present constitution which gives to Congress
the power to admit new States into the Union Nobody
knows bettex than the senatoi fxom Pennsylvania that it is a
fundamental rule, m the construction of'all remedial acts,
to consider the slate of the old law, the defect or mischief
existing under it, and then the remedy tarnished by the
new law, which must be so construed as to correct the par-
ticular defect or mischief which existed under tht old law.
Now, Mr. President, let us see what Mr. Madison says of
the want of power under the articles of confederation in
the 3Siii number of the Federalist, speaking of the North-
west Territory, which had been ceded to the United States
by Virginia, and which Virginia had obtained a positive
stipulation fioin the old Congress should be divided into
not less th-"*nthree nor more than five lepubiican States, lie
says;
"•Congress have assumed the administration of this stock.
They have begun to render it productive. Congress have
undertaken to do more: they have proceeded to form new
States, [that is, prospectively;] to erect temporary govern-
ments, to appoint officers lor them, and to presenile the
conditions on which such States shall be admitted into the
confederacy. All this has been done, and done without
the least color of constitutional authority."
We have only to connect with this passage what the hon-
orable senator read to us fiom the 43d number of the Fed-
eralist, written also by Mr. Madison, and we have a com-
plete clue to the true and incontestable meaning of the
clause ol the new constitution giving to Congress the pow-
er to admit new States into the Union. After quoting the
whole clause providing for the admission of new States into
the Union, Mr. Madison, m the number of the Federalist
now referred to, proceeds as follows:
"In the articles of confederation no provision is found on
this important subject. Canada was to be admitted of right,
on her joining in the measures of the United States; and the
other colonies, by which were evidently meant the other
British colonies, at the discretion of nine States. The event-
ual establishment of new State? seems to have been over-
looked by the compilers of that instrument. We have seen
the inconvenience of this omision, and assumption of power
into which Congress haye been led by it. With great pro-
priety, therefore,.has the new system supplied the defect."
The new constitution was our great national remedial
act. ft was intended to correct the evils and defects of the
confederation. Under the old system, there had existed, as
we have seen, no authority to admit new States arising
within the limits of the United States—that was the defect
to be corrected, and this shed irresistible light on the true
meaning of the new clause. Admission into the confedera-
cy had been clamorously demanded for years by Vermont,
and the other rising communities to which I have referred
were showing also an impatient desire to be admitted into
the Union as States. These young giants were uneasy and
restless under the restraints of their condition of pupilage;
they panted to cast aside their tutors and governors, and to
assume the toga oirilis of State sovereignity. The passage
in the 43d number of the Federalist quoted above, which
was rather unwittingly, as it seemed to me, for his purpose,
read by the honorable senatorfrom Pennsylvania, completed
the evidence (even to the proof of a negative) of the true
meaning of the clause, and went conclusively to show that
. the power to admit new States did not mean a power to ad-
mit foreign but American States. What does Mr. Madison
say in that number of the Federalist? The urticles of the
confederation, he says, provided for the admission of Cana-
da, whose aid in the war of the revolution we were desirous
to obtain. They allowed her to come in by her simply
"joimngin the measures of the United States," and this as-
sent was given unanimously by all the States; for it was in-
serted in the articles of confederation themselves, which
were the unanimous act of the old thirteen States. At the
same time, the articles of confederation provided that the
other "colonies1' (meaning, as Mr. Madison says, British
colonies) might also be admitted, but not without the as-
sent of nine States, forming two-thirds of the States then in
the confederacy. But, at the same time, says Mr. Madison,
no provision was made by the articles of confederation for
the Admission of new States. "The eventual establishment
of new States," he says, "seems to have been overlooked
by the compilers of that instrument" The words new
Slates are italicised by him. and doubtless with the design of
contradistinguishing them from foreign colonies. By the
former, therefore, as used in the new constitution, was clear-
ly meant American States, to be formed within our own ter-
ritory. The provision to admit Canada and foreign British
colonies was introduced m the articles of confederation
when we were m the midst of the revolutionary war, in the
hope that some of them would join us m the struggle; but,
after the close of the war, when the vital struggle was over,
and we no longer needed their aid, the clause about new
States was introduced into the constitution with exclusive
reference to the state of things in our own country, and to
provide for the admission of States to be ''established'" or
"formed,"5 using the words of Mr. Madison, within our own
territorial and political system. So far as the future acquisi-
tion of foreign territory was in the uew of theframers of
the constitution, it was provided for m another part of the
instrument entirely different from this. If the honorable
senator would look at the discussions in the convention re-
specting the treaty-making power, he would there see ref-
erence made to the adquisition or cession of territory, the
adjustment of boundaries, Slc , as embraced within the scope
of the treaty power; but nowhere, I fearlessly assert, will
he see the slightest reference to foreign territory or foreign
States m connection with the clause providing for the ad-
mission of new States into the Union.
This, as Mr. R. believed, was the true and undoubted
theory of the constitution. He was not mclided to adopt
the view which had been put forth by some gentlemen, that
the constitution contained no reference to all to any future
extension of territory. What he said was. that the mode of
effecting such extension was not in-view in this clause re-
specting new States, but that it belonged to the treaty
power. And this was in analogy to the principle, though
not the form, of the old articles of confederation. We have
seen that, while the confederation made provision for the
admission of foreign colonies into the confederacy, it was
to be done only by the assent of nine States, being two-
thirds of the whole number of States, which is pxuciselv
the proportion now required by the existing constitution to
effect the acquisition of foreign territory by treaty. It
must be borne m mind, too, that, under the articles oi con-
federation, the continental C ongress was the treaty-makirg
as well as legislative branch of the government, and that
the same vote of nine States, or tw o-thnds. was required to
enter into treaties or to admit Canada and the other British
colonies into the confederacy The present extraordinary
claim, therefore, to admit foreign States into the Union by a
mere legislative majority of the two Houses of Congress,
does not receive any the slightest countenance, even fioin
the old articles of confederation
But the senator lrom Pennsylvania insists "it is nominated
in the bondThis> argument was short and simple, at least.
It ran thus: '-New States may be admitted by Congress.''
Texas is a new State, therefore, Texas may be* admitted by
Congress. And the gentleman read Crabbe's synonymes
and Vattel's law of nations to show us what this clause of
the constitution means by the word "State "" Now, with
all respect, Mr. R. must say that neither Crabbe's syno-
nymes, nor Vattel, no, nor (he hoped his honorable friend
lrom .Mississippi would not suppose lie meant a pun) Walk-
er's dictionary, was the authority by wl ich this question
was to be decided The constitution decides it for itself.
It surely is not for me (said Mr. II) to assume to tell the
learned legal senator from Pennsylvania what have been the
repeated decisions of the Supreme Court respecting the
meaning of the word "State,'1 as used in the constitution.
The interrelation put upon it by that gentleman and his
-friends, and the very definition of Vattel now quoted by
him, had been over and over again brought before that
court, and rejected as wholly inapplicable to the constitu-
tion of the United States. In regard to the meaning of the
phrase, as used in the constitution, that august tribunal had
said, through its wisest luminaries, the constitution must
speak for itself. He might refer the gentleman to the early
and leading case of Hepburn vs. Elzey, where Chief Justice
Marshall had overruled and rejected Valters definition un-
der the general law of nations, as wholly inapplicable to the
constitution of the United States.
Mr. R. was no lawyer, yet he had tried, by close and long
study, to understand the constitution of his country tiy aB
the lights accessible to him. There had been a more recent
and very important case, sometimes called the Cherokee
case, and sometimes the Georgia case, "(Worcester vs. the
State of Georgia, 1 think,) in which this definition, quoted
by the gentleman from Vattel, had been rejected as having
nothing to do with the constitution of the United States. A
State of the American Union, as the word was found in the
constitution of the United States, meant a very different
thing from a State or nation in the general unqualified sense
of the law of nations. Under the law of nations a State was
a wholly sovereign, separate, and independent community.
But this certainly was not the condition of the States of the
American Union, m the sense of the constitution, for they
were expressly disabled by the constitution itself from the
exercise of many of the attributes of national sovereignty—
making war, treaties, Stc. No term had a greater variety of
significations than this of State. In the celebrated Virginia
report and resolutions of 1799, Mr. Madison said there were
four different significations in which it was used, and so said
the Supreme Court. Sometimes it meant the territory, sim-
ply; at other times it meant the political community; in
other cases, the organized government. In all these differ-
ent senses, according to the Supreme Court, it is used in
different parts of the constitution, and in each case its par-
ticular meaning must be determined by the context. If we
wish, therefore, to arrive at the true sense in which this
phrase "new States" is used in the clause of the constitution
now under discussion, and not to "squeeze out of the text,"
as Mr. Jefferson says, some meaning contrary to the inten-
tions of the framers of the constitution, and of the people
who accepted it, we must instead of referring to Crabbe's
Synony mes, Walker's Dictionary, or Vattel, turn to the
constitution itself, and, in doing that, read the whole clause
relating to the subject, and not a part, torn and isolated from
the rest. Now, Mr President, let us read the whole clause
relating to the subject, as it stands in the constitution:
"New States maybe admitted by the Congress into this
Union; but no new States shall be formed or erected within
the jurisdiction of any ,other State, nor any State be formed
by the junction of two or more States, or parts of States,
without the consent of the legislatures of the States con-
cerned as well as of the Congress."
In giving to Congress the power to admit "new States in-
to the Union,*' the constitution proceeds, "no new States
shall be formed or erected,'' &.c. The new States to be ad-
mitted, then, were stated to be formed or ereeted. Now,
sir, is it not an absurdity to suppose, would it not be the
grossest solecism in language even, that the Congress of the
United States was to legislate respecting the "formation" or
"erection"' of new States, except withiii the limits of the
United States, under our own jurisdiction, and out of our
own territory'* Mark me, Mr. President, I do not mean to
restrict this'power to territory within the original limits
of the United States, but territory within the limits of the
United States at the time wh«n the new State, asking for
admission, is to be formed or erected. The text of the con-
stitution itself, then, comes most decisively in confirmation
of the overwhelming evidence of contemporary history, to
show what Mr Jefferson calls the true and honest sense of
the instrument—the sense in which it was framed by the
convention and adopted by the people.
But if the gentleman still insists on his ultra-literal mean-
ing, Mr. R. would take the liberty of carrying him a little
further back in his law learning Though he was no law-
yer, he repeated, yet m his younger days, with adesire of
acquiring such a knowledge of thy general principles of
civil and political junsprudence as is proper to every citi-
zen of a free country, he bad read Blackstone"s Commenta-
ries, and he had there found that of all the various sorts of
interpretations, that which is most condemned* was the
strictly literal interpretation. Qui hceret in lit era, haret in
Lortice.
The gentleman said Texas was a State—was a new State
—and therefore we might admit her into the Union. Did he
recollect the case of the Bolognian law, w hich imposed-the
heaviest penalty on the crime of "drawing blood in the
streets?51 Now, it happened that a surgeon, passing along
the street, saw a man drop under a stroke of apoplexy, and
bled him on the spot to save his liie Now, sir, according
to the honorable senator's canons of interpretation, the
surgeon must have been condemned to death for his hu-
manity for he had "drawn blood m the streets " Such were
the words oithe law, but such was not its meaning. The
true meaning was not to be obtained from the words only,
but from the context, from the subject-matter, from the
cause and reason of the law, and from the consequences
which would attend a given construction. To* illustrate
this same principle, Cicero had long ago cited one of the
laws of Rome, which ordained that the manners who de-
serted the ship m a storm should forfeit all their interest m
the vessel and cargo to the man who should remain in the
vessel. A ship at sea fc i:ng threatened with impending de-
struction by a sudden and fearful tempest, the mariners all
left her to save their lives. It happened there w hs aheipless
invalid on boaid who could not stir, and, by the meicy of
Providence, the ship was wafted into port, and his life was
saved. He knew the proMsion of the law, and claialed the
ownership of the vessel and cargo, as forfeited to his bene-
fit, because he had remained in the ship. According to the
new school of blind inexorable interpretation, his case was
a good one, for it is quite as unquestionable that he had
"remained in the ship,"5 according to the words of the law,
as that Texas is a State, and perhaps a little more so
But the senator had quoted a name always remembered
with respect by those who knew him—that of Nathaniel
Macon, of North Carolina He had conjured up the ven-
erated spirit of that departed patriot to Ms aid; but what did
his authority prove? Absolutely nothing but what was al-
ready admitted on all hands. The case of which Mr. Macon
was speaking was the case of the admission of Louisiana a«
a State into the Union, not as a foreign State, but long after
that territory had been acquired by treaty, and when it was
