Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Jlnnexation of Texas—Mr. Rives.
Senate.
proposed to form a new State out of it. What Mr. Macon
said ww, that the clause respecting the admission of new
States applied to States formed out of new territories belong-
ing to the United States as well as out of old; and who now
denied this? All that is contended for is. that the new State
must be formed out of territory withm the limits of the Uni-
ted States at the time the State applies lor admission. "When
Louisiana applied, was she not a part of the territory of the
United States? The question raised m that case was,
whether Congress could admit a new State formed out of
territory which was not within the original limits of the
United States. Thi* was denied by some, who would re-
strict the meaning of the con^itution to such teiritorj as
was within our hr>its at the time of its adoption. This ultra
ground had been taken m the debate b> >ir. Quincy, of Mas-
sachusetts, and it wto that objection that the observa-
tions made hv Mr Macon w ere addr^sed. They have not
theslightest application to foreign territory like Texas, be-
ing no pait of thetemtorj of the I nited States, as Louisi-
ana was at the time (l^U;'when she applied for admission
asa State into the Union.
But the honors!)]e senator hid invoked the name of Mr.
Jefferson also, aud had brought hnn before the Senate upon
the stool of rcpexitrt.rice. as making a solemn palinode and re-
cantation of lus opinions on the question of admitting for-
eign nations dS new States mto the Union. Did Mr Jeffer-
son ever do this7 Mr. R admitted that Mr Jefferson did
practically abandon the opinion fnst expressed by him th&t
foreign teiritory eon id not he constitutionally acquiied by
treaty. Buttheoninion. soearne«.tly and emphatically ex-
pressed by him m his letters to Mr Nicholas and Mr.
Breckenridge, that, under the clause giving power to Con-
gress to "admit new .States into the Urnon/' there was no
authority, or color of anthoriu, to use his own language,
to "incorporate foreign nations into our Union," was never
ida&y manner or in any degree retracted, abandoned, or
qualified by him either in a .t or w ord. Louisiana was ac-
quired by treaty, and laws weie subsequently passed ap-
propriating money to carr\ the treaty into effect by the pay-
meat o'f the purchase money. All this received the official
sanction of A^r. Jefferson. But let the honorable senator from
Pennsylvania Ull me w hen • r where, by word or by deed,
Mr. Jefferson ever couutcnanced the id< a that Louisiana
might h-ivf been admitted as a foreign State mto the Union
by the legisiame acticn of a mere majority oi the two
Houses ol <. o1 ^ress Mr R. averred that" the solemn testi-
mony of Mr Jefferson,in his letters to both Mr. Nicholas
and Mr Breckenridge against so rnoustroiu-a doctrine, re-
mained unrevoked to this day. in all its pristine vigor, and
would so remain "to the last syllable of recorded time.'
What! Mr. Jefferson hold that Congress could admit for-
eign nations as new States into the Union, whether Englard,
Ireland, or Holland, which he had put as examples in his
letter to Mr Nicholas, or Texas, as much a foreign nation
atthis moment as either of them, by the legislative action
of a mere majority of Congress ' He utterly abjured such
an idea. And, could the spirit ol that great man now de-
scend into this hall, it would indignantly frown upon the
doctrine. All the glorious traditions of his illustrious pub-
lic life pledged him to its denial.
Mr. R. considered this the most solemn question which
had arisen since the formation of the constitution, and it
became every man to look well on what ground lie stood,
dishonorable friend had referred to the history of the pro-
ceedings of the convention w hich formed the constitution,
andasserted that a question was iormally taken on the re-
striction of the pow er of C ongress to admit new States mto
the Union to the territorial limits ol the United States, ind
that the restriction w a* decisively rejected by a vote of that
body. Although the senator had said that he entertained
not a doubt respecting his interpretation of the constitution,
Mr. R would take the liberty of sajmg lor hirn, that, if he
liad done as he (Mr. R ) had done- if he had examined mi-
nutely. step by step, the proceeding of the federal conven-
tion on this subject, he w ould have found that there is not
a panicle of foundation for the idea he has taken up, (he
could not but think at second hand.) that there ever was
any vote of that body deciding that the pow er of Congress
to admit new Stains should not be confined to the territory
of the United SUio, meaning of course the actual territory
of the Cmted States at the time when the new State is to be
admitted. Mr It averred that there never was any ote or
proceeding of the convention fairly susceptible of such an
interpretation, and this be would now undertake to demon-
strate.
In pursuing this investigation, it would be nccessary to
go hack to the iirst resolution moved on the subject, which
was a part of the Virem.a propositions, moved by Govern-
or Randolph m the tlfst days of the convention. It was in
the following ordfe:
"Ixesohed, That provi-ion ought to be made for the ad-
mission of States, law ialiv arising within the limits of the
United States, w hether from a. v oluntary junction of gov-
ernment and territory or otherwise, w ith the conscnt of a
number of voices less than the whole."
Before leaving this lesolution let us comprehend its real
bearing and import As a part of the history ol the fmes
we must bear m mind that the State of Vermont, which had
violently separated herself from the Statf of New Yoik, of
which she had been a part, and within whose lawful juris-
diction she was still claimed to be In the authors of New
York, had for many \ ears been earnestly and importunately
applying for admission into the confederacy under the ai-
ticies of confedeiation Harldly any subject more occu-
picd and disturbed the deliberations of the Coni.nental
Congress. It divided the States mto tw>> distinct parties,
some for, others iigninst, the admission of Vermont. Mr
Madison, tfien a member of the old Congress, was or.e of
those who entertain* d o.id energetically expressed the
opinion that the admission of Veimont, under the circum-
stances of her violent separation from New York, and
without ttic consent of New York to her admission, would
be a most dangerous precede! t. leading to a dismember-
ment of other iarge States, and Virginia among others, by
similar unlawful means He therefore steadily and firmly
opposed the admission of Vermont into the confederacy
Without the express consent of New York, as will be seen
from many of his letters, contained in the first volume of
the Madison Papers.
The opinions of Mr. Madison on this subject are of special
importance in this connection, because iknow, (said Mr.
R.,) from a communication of that great and virtuous man,
made with his characteristic delicacy, that he proposed and
drafted, mainly, the resolutions which were offered m
convention by Governor^Randolph, who was selected as the
organ of the views of the Virginia delegation in that body.
With the evidence, then, afforded by Mr. Madison's pub-
lished correspondence, of his opinions on the Vermont
question, we are enabled at oace to see the particular sig-
mficancy and import of the restrictive clause in the resolu-
tion just read—"provision ought to be made for the admis-
sion of States law fully arising within the limits of the Uni-
ted States." It most clearly had m \iew the Vermont ques-
tion, and was intended to guard against the admission of
States into the Union which, like Vermont, should have vi-
olently separated themselves from the parent State, with-
out the consent of the latter. There were indications of
restlessness, and an impatient desire for the independent
condition of States at the time on the part of Maine m Mas-
sachusetts, Frankland (the tofant Tennessee) in North Caro-
lina, and also in the western part of the State of the honora-
ble senator from Pennsylvania himself, as I have already
mentioned, which seemed to make this wise precaution ne-
cessary. Accordingly, the resolution presented by Gov-
ernor Randolph, piecisely as I have read it to the Senate,
was adopted by the convention, first in Committee of the
"Whole, and then m the House, and finally referred, together
with more general propositions on the «mp subject by Mr
Pmckney, of South Carolina, end Mr. Patterson, of New Jer-
sey, to the Committee ol Detail, who were instructed to re-
port a draft ofa constitution.
In the article prepared by the Committee of Detail on the
subject of the admission ol'new States, the restrictive clause
in Gov. Randolph's proposition was retained in substance,
though varied slightly in phraseology, and several addi-
tional clauses were added to it. It will be necessary to read
to the Senate the whole article as reported by the Commit-
tee of Detail, that we may better comprehend the true effect
of the amendments it afterwards underwent The article is
a3 follows-, and for the sake of simplifying the explanation
of the subsequent proceedings of the convention upon it, its
several clauses are numbered:
(1) ' New States, lawfully constituted or established
■w ithin the limits of the United States, may be admitted by
the legislature into this government; (2) but to such ad-
mission the consent of two-thirds of the members present
shall be necessary. (3) If a new State shall arise within the
limits of any of the present States, the consent of the legis-
latures of such States shall be also necessary to its admis-
sion. (4) If the admission be consented to, the new States
shall be admitted on the same terms with the original States.
(•>) But the legislature may make conditions with the new
States concerning the public debt which shall be then sub-
sisting."
When the article was taken up for consideration in the
convention, Mr. Gouverneur Morris first moved to strike
out the fourth and fifth clauses—the one declaring that the
new States were to be admitted on the same terms with the
original States, and the other providing that conditions
were to be made with the new States respecting the public
debt. They were stricken out by the vote of nine States to
two.
Mr Luther Martin and Mr Gouverneur Morris then
moved to strike out the second clause, requiring the con-
sent of two-thirds of the members of ( ongress present to
the admission of a new State It was earned, and by the
same vote of nine to two Now, Mr. President, I cannot
forbear remarking that, amid the jealousies respecting the
balance of power which are known to have existed between
the northern and southern portions ofthe Union in the con-
vention. and to which every page of Mr. Madison's Debates
bears the most impressive testimony, each appiehensive of
the preponderance of the other, it is morally impossible
that either would have consented to have placed so power-
ful a means of disturbing the original balance of power,
(so carefully and painfully adjusted between them,) as the
admission offorcign Stotes into the Union would obviously
prove, into the hands of a mere majority of Congress. We
have seen that e\eii under the articles of confederation,
and m time of war, when there weie so many inducements
to increase the aggregate pcJfcer of the confederacy by the
addition of new members, a two-thirds vote was deemed an
indispensable safeguard m regard to the admission of the
neighboring British colonies
But, to proceed with the history of the changes which
this article underwent in the convention After the suc-
cessive amendments which I have mentioned, what remain-
ed of the original article reported by the committee ofde-
tail was as follows:
"New States, lawfully constituted or established within
the limits of the United State?, may be admitted by the
legislature into this government. If a new State shall aii^c
within the limits of anv of the present States, the consent of
the k'2'islatuies of such States shall be also necessary to
such admission/'
In this state of things, Mr Gouverneur Morris moved the
substitute ol which so much has been said, without the
slightest foundation in a correct comprehension of the pro-
ceeding of the convention, and of the reasons and motives
which influenced those proceedings. That substitute is in
the following words:
"New States rr.av be admitted by the legi&lature into the
Union but no r.ew" State shall be elected w ithm the limits
of any ofthe present States without the consent ol the
hgislature <>f such State, as well as ofthe general legisla-
ture."
Now, sir, a little reflection and knowledge of the con-
flicting interests and opinions in the convention will show
at once the real bearing and operation of Mr. Morris's snb-
btitute. There was but one opinion in the convention that
the want of power in the old Congress, under the articles
of confederation, to admit new States, should be supplied,
and that that power should be given to Congress under the
new constitution. The general proposition, therefore, to
give to ( ongress the power to admit new States, was des-
tined to receive a general support in the convention. But
the restriction of that power to "States lawfully constituted
or established within the limits of the United States," would,
it was clearly foreseen, at once arouse the opposition of the
States friendly to the admission of Vermont, and was cal-
culated also to excite the jealousy of those States (particu«
larly Maryland, Delaware, and New Jersey) which had
long been engaged in a controversy with the larger^ States
respecting the waste and unappropriated lands within the
limits of the latter. This last mentioned class of States
would be prone to look upon the restrictive clause in the
proposition of Gov. Randolph, and in 'the article reported
by the Committee of Detail, as a sort of guaranty of the ter-
ritorial claim ofthe larger States. In this state of opinion
and feeling in the convention, Gouverneur Morris, with the
tact and sagacity for which he was so conspicuously dis-
tinguished, brought forward his substitute, merely changing
the arrangement and phraseology of the article reported by
the Committee of Detail, so as to present in the first part of
it the naked proposition to confer upon Congress the power
to admit new States, upon which the whole convention was
agreed, and to transfer to the latter part of it the precau-
tionary and restrictive principle requiring the mutual ac-
cord of the new State and that from which it was dismem-
bered, on which it was foreseen a severe struggle must
take place.
Accordingly the vote of the convention was first and
separately taken upon the first part of Mr Morris's substi-
tute, declaring in general terms that "new States may be
admitted by the legislature into the Union;" and it was
unanimously adopted. Then the question came up on the
latter clause, embracing the principle of the restriction in
Gov Randolph's proposition and the article reported by the
committee of detail, which went to require the consent of
the dismembered State as a condition necessary to the law-
ful formation and admission ofa new State, and the moment
that proposition was presented for the vote of the conven-
tion, Luther Martin opened a vehement attack upon it, ap-
pealing directly to the feelings and interests of both classes
ofthe malcontent States already described. These were his
remarks:
"Nothing would so alarm the limited States as to make
the consent of the large States claiming the western lands
necessary to the establishment of new States within their
limits. It is proposed to guaranty the States. Shall Ver-
mont be reduced by force in favor of the States claiming it?
Frankland and the western county of Virginia were in alike
situation."
The vote was taken, and the latter part of the substitute
was carried by only six States to five. New Hampshire and
Connecticut, the friends and allies of Vermont, and Mary-
land, Delaware, and New Jeisey, the antagonists of the
large States on account of the old grudge respecting the
•w aste and unappropriated lands within the limits of the lat-
ter, all voting against it. A modification was afterwards
made, which was understood to provide for the case of Ver-
mont, and that drew oft' the two States of New Hampshire
and Connecticut from the opposition; but Maryland, Dela-
ware, and New Jersey held out in unmitigated resistance to
the last.
It is seen, therefore, Mr. President, that the question
which arose in the convention had not the slightest refer-
ence to the restriction of the power to admit new States to
the territorial limits of the United States. No person ever
moved, or suggested, or hinted that the power of admitting
new States ought not to be limited to the proper territory of
the United States. It seemed to be taken for granted by eve-
rybody that this power, like every other power of Con-
gress, was limited by its own nature, and as a matter of
course, to the territory of the United States, and there is
the most abundant evidence, in other proceedings of the
convention, that such was the universal understanding of
the body. The only question which arose upon Gov. Ran-
dolph's proposition and Mr. Morris's substitute was, as has
been shown, in regard to a restriction of a wholly different
character, referring to the case of a new State arising with-
in the limits of another, and requiring the consent ofthe lat
tcr in such case as a necessary condition to the lawful estab-
lishment and admission of the new State into the Union.
The whole affair of Gov. Randolph's proposition and Mr.
Morris's substitute, about which so much delusion hes
been propagated, has absolutely. therefore, not the slightest
bearing upon the question which is now under discussion.
Thus the law and the constitution were, in his judgment,
beyond all controversy. With due deference to the honora-
ble senator from Mississippi, [Mi W ai kek,] in what he had
said a few days ago about the opinion ofa judge of the Su-
preme Court,* (rt-lerririg, he presumed, to the opinion of
Judge Johnson, in the ca&e of the \m<-ncan Insurance Com-
pany vs. Canter.) he would take the liberty of saying that,
if the gentleman w ould look once mme at the record, he
would find that the opinion of that learned judge corre-
sponded shictly with that he had expressed, and amounted
to this, that we must obtain foreign tenitory by the treaty-
making power, then we might admit new States from that
territory b\ the legislative pow er. _ This was the law and
constitution of oui land and on this V r, R. would take his
stand, and he now said to his honorable frienci from Penn-
sylvania, and to the othei fi lends of Texas in that chamber,
that if Texa? should be brought into this Union by a pjain
and palpable infraction of the constitution, such as is now
proposed, it would prove a curse and not a boon. It -was
impossible that the blessing of Heaven could rest upon any
measure consummated in defiance of an instrument the}
had sworn to rupport No: in the anxiety of gentlemen, Ver
fas aut nejato getin Texas, setting oside the provisions of
the con&utution, which required the assent of two-tl irds of
the States of this Union to enter mto treaties and agreements
with foreign powers, they would open m this land a foun-
tain of bitter watc r* which no human power could stanch.
Legislative reprisals would be made, and measures of retal-
iation attempted, under w hich this Union comd not stand.
Mr R did not say or suppose that it w ould producc an im-
mediate and formal dissolution of the Lmon. but this he did
sav that if this high-handed measure should be consumma-
ted it would lead to animosities, contentions, ar.d mutual
conflicts, which would so embitter the Union as to render a
violent disruption of it almost inevitable, fie did not say a
final disruption, for he was still willing to leheve that if
such a separation did take place, it must be temporary only;
for he had endeavored to show, during the last session, that
Nature herself had so bound together this glorious laiitt Of
