8£6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr, Berrien.
Senate.
tracts are entered into "by persons, either natural or artifi-
cial; by individuals or States. What ^ou propose by this
resolution is, that Texas shall be admitted into the Union
on the conditions which you have specified; that is, you
are willing to enter into an agreement with Texas, on cer-
tain terms which you state in these resolutions. Your pro-
posal and her acceptance will make a contract, not a law.
'A contract is an agreement between two or more persons
to do or not to do a particular thing. That is what this res-
olution proposes. A law is a command issuing from a su-
perior to an inferior, requiring obedience. That you can-
not yet venture upon 111 relation to Texas. Now, your dif-
ficalty is, that Congress cannot make a contract, although
Tejcas, by the proper department of her government, can;
ana, although you can pass a law, Texas is not subject to
your legislation. Asa contract, then, your resolution is
forbidden by the constitution; as a law, it is nugatory and
inoperative.
I invoke the authorityjof a distinguished statesman, here-
tofore prominent in the flails of legislation, as he is now in
the cabinet. (Mr. Calhoun.) Speaking of the power of Con-
gress to make peace, he sajs:
l*It is a state which cannot be created but with the con-
sent of both parties. It'requires a contract or treaty between
the nations at war. Is this peculiar to a treaty of peace?
No; it is common to all treaties. It arises out of their na-
ture, and not from any incidental circumstances attaching
itself to any particular classs. It is no more nor less than
that Congress cannot make a contract with a foreign
power."
What is it which this resolution proposes but to make a
contract with Texas.' Again, he says:
"Whatever, then, concerns our foreign relations, what-
ever requires the consent of another nation, belongs to the
treaty-making power—can only be regulated by it."
Now, the measure which you propose requires the con-
sent of Texas, and will be wholly inoperative without it.
According to this opinion, therefore, you are incompetent
to "regulate it." But he proceeds. Speaking of the treaty-
making power, he says:
"It has for its object contracts with foreign nations, as the
powers of Congress have for their object whatever can be
done in relation to the powers delegated, without the con-
sent of foreign nations. Each, in its proper sphere, ope-
rates with genial influence, but when they become erratic,
then they are portentous and dangerous, A treaty can nev-
er legitimately do what can be done by law, and the con-
verse (that a law cannot legitimately do what may be done
by a treaty) is equally true."
Here, sir, is the opinion of the present distinguished Sec-
retary of State. A law cannot legitimately do what may be
done by treaty. Now, that he thought this measure might
be done by treaty is obvious, for he negotiated a treaty for
its accomplishment; and it was only when that failed that
this contrivance was resorted to, not because it was more
appropriate, but because it required a bare majority, instead
ol two-thirds, to pass it. I invoke the authority of another
distinguished American statesman—one eminent for his at-
tainments in general science, familiar with the principles of
public law, especially conversant with the constitutional
law of this Union—one who is now enjoying the dignified
retirement to which a life devoted to the scrvice of his
country so eminently entitles him. I speak of Albeit Gal-
latin.
In a letter recently written by him, after referring to the
manner in which Leuisiana was acquired and subsequently
admitted into the Union, he says:
"In the same manner Congress, by an analogous process,
may resolve that Texas, whenever acquired in conformity
with the constitution, shall be admitted into the Union as a
State or States. But territory can be acquiied only by trea-
ty or conquest. As this last mode is in this case out of the
question, it is unnecessary to discuss in what eases con*
quest or occupation may, without the sanction of a treaty,
confer a legitimate right. On this occasion the mutual as-
sent of at least two parties—Texas and the United States—
is absolutely necessary. Call it agreement, compact, or by
any other name, it is only by a treaty that the annexation
of Texas can be effected."
There is one argument used by senators on the other side
which is imposing, but which wants, as I think, a founda-
tion in fact to rest upon.
They say that the power which they claim for Congress
is an express power, while that 'which we assert for the
President and Senate is only an implied one; that in urging
a treaty, as the appropriate mode of" proceeding in this case,
we are therefore giving to an implied power an operation
which we refuse to one which is expressly granted. Will
the senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Woodbury,] who
most strenuously urges this argument, reflect for a moment
on the proposition that the power to acquire territory by
treaty is an implied power? Does he consider an act of
Congress, imposing a duty on wool or iron for the purposes
of revenue as the exercise of an implied power? It is pre-
cisely as much so as the acquisition of territory by treaty.
The constitution gives to Congress the power "to lay and
collect taxes, duties." &c. This is the power expiessly
given. On what objects it shall be exerted, with certain
specified restrictions, is left to the discretion of Congress.
They determine that wool and iron are proper objects—that
they have been usually subject to taxation, and they im-
pose the duty. It is the exercise of a discretion which is
expressly given by the grant of the taxing power.
Now, as to the acquisition of territoiy by treaty. Speak-
ing of the President, the constitution says: "He shall have
power, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
to make treaties, provided two-thirds of the senators pres-
ent concur."
The power to make treaties is as expressly given in this
case as that to lay and collect taxes is in the other; and the
question on what objects it shall be exerted is, in like man-
ner, left to the discretion of the President and Senate, ex-
cept in so far as it may be restrained by other provisions of
the constitution. In the exercise of that discretion it is
found to be important to the interests of the United States to
make ail acquisition of foreign territory, and that, accord-
ing t9 umvers&i usage, such acquisition m made by trea- y
ty; and a treaty is negotiated accordingly. This, then, is
the exercise of a discretion expressly given by the grant of
the power to the President and Senate to make treaties, by
acquiring territory, just as in the former case the imposi-
tion of the duty on wool and iron was the exercise of the
discretion given to Congress by the grant of the power to
lay and collect taxes. In both cases the grant of power is
express; and a like discretion in the selection of the object
to which it shall be applied is exercised in each case. Sir,
the power to acquire loreign territory not only is expressly
given by the grant of the treaty-making power, but it is one
which is so inevitably incident to sovereignty, that it must
have existed if it had not been expressly inhibited; and be-
ing thus expressly given, the question recurs with accumu-
lated force, after being so granted to the President and Sen-
ate, is it probable that the framers of the constitution would
repeat that grant to Congress'*
Mr. President, in the earnest quest for some part of the
constitution which would give countenance to this extraor-
dinaiy power, now, for the first time in the history of our
government, claimed for Congress, recourse has been had to
the 2d clause, 10th section, 1st article of that instrument,
which declares that "no State shall, without the consent of
Congress, lay any duty of tonnage," &c., or "enter into any
agreement or compact with any foreign power," See.
From a clause of the constitution, the whole object of
which was to impose prohibitions upon the States, it is at-
tempted to infer the existence of this tremendous power in
Congress. Will those who have been misled by this provi-
sion look to the first clause of the same section, and find
there an express inhibition to any State, with oi without the
consent of Congress, to "enter into any treatyWill they
contrast the term "treaty" in the first clause with the terms
"any agreement or compact" in the second, and learn from
this what were those minor arrangements which States by
the consent of Congress might enter into with foreign
States? New York and Canada are conterminous. I sup-
pose the former, Congress consenting, might enter into an
"agreement or compact" with the local authorities of the
latter for the mutual delivery of fugitives from justice; but
1 should hardly think it would be contended, in the face of
a positive inhibition to any State, with or without the con-
sent of Congress, to "enter into a treaty," that she could
treat with Great Britain for the annexation of Canada to her
already imperial domain I leave this argument.
The senator from Mississippi meets the suggestion made
by senators who have preceded me of the dangers which
might flow from the exercise of the power claimed for Con-
gress under this resolution, by saying that the same dangers
might also result from the exertion of the treaty-making
power. This is true to a limited, and only to a limited ex-
tent. The President and Senate might abuse the power of
acquiring foreign territory, but then two-thirds of the States
must concur in the act; and, after it was so acquired, Con-
gress would exercise the right of determining whether the
territory so acquired should be admitted into the Union as a
State. The danger in the two cases is therefore by no means
equal—first, because of the greater check imposed by re-
quiring the assent of two-thirds of the States for the acquisi-
tion of the teiritoiy; and, secondly, the assent of Congress
for its incorporation into the Union
But another answer is, that the danger arising from the
acquisition ol foreign territory must be encountered in
some form. The power to make treaties must have been
lodged somewhere, or the government of the United States
could not ha\e taken its place in the family of nations. It
would have been deprived of a powerinevitably incident to
sovereignty and necessary to its exercise, without which it
could not fulfil its duty to the people, m the last resoit of
nations—that of war
Concurring with the senator from Mississippi in the dan-
gerous nature of that power, I think he should agree with
me in the propriety of subjecting it to the restraint which
the constitution imposes, by requiring the absent of two-
thirds of the States to its exercrsc, and not by leaving it
comparatively at large under the discretion of a bare ma-
jority in Congress.
The senator from South Carolina [Mr. McDiffie] thinks
the constitutional requisition of a majority of two-thirds is
unimportant—that there is no very essential difference be-
tween this and a baie majority of a quorum of the two
Houses. Mr. President, the framers of the constitution did
not think so. They attached great importance to this pro-
vision, as the debates in the convention will abundantly
prove; and they were right, as a moments reflection will
convince us. It is a provision of great and stringent forcc
in its operation upon the pow ers to which it is applied. In
its application to the executive veto, it enables the President
and one more than one-third uf either branch of Congress
to restrain the vote of a majority m that House, and the
unanimous vote of the other. It is as absolute m its practi-
cal operation as if it were unlimited in its terms. Since the
foundation of the government, no case has occurred m
which the requisite constitutional majority could be found
to overrule the executive will; and, divided as we are into
parties, which experience teaches us will always be nearly
balanced, except in relation to matters which are compara-
tively unimportant, no such case will probably occur here-
after.
As applied to the treaty-making power, the advocates of
this resolution have felt its force in the rejection of the
treaty negotiated with Texas. If that power could have
been called into exercise for the accomplishment of this ob-
ject, we should have been spared the humiliation of wit-
nessing the usurpation which this resolution proposes
Texas would have come into this Union by treaty, m the
legitimate exercise of our constitutional powers, and not
by a joint resolution of Congress in the abuse of them.
In its application to amendments of the constitution, in
connection with the other checks which are imposed upon
the exercise of that power, the requisition of a two-thirds
vote is so absolute in its influence, that, so long as we con-
tinue to respect the provisions of that instrument, it will be
as unchangeable as those ancient laws with this feature of
which our earlier reading has made us familiar. The pow-
ers of impeachment and of expulsion have remained inac-
tive under the restraint which the requirement of a vote of
two-thirds has imposed upon them; and yet cases have
probably occurred in which they would have been exerted
if a bare majority had been sufficient to enforce thm<
But I object also, sir, to the arithmetical process by which
the senator from South Carolina has been conducted to the
conclusion that this constitutional provision is unimpor-
tant and valueless. The honorable senator tells us that the
Senate, as it was constituted iu the earlier Mages of ihe re-
public, and as it was contemplated in prospecthj the fra-
mers ot the constitution, consisted of t\\ cnty-nx members—
that of these fourteen constituted a simple majority and eigh-
teen a majority of two-thirds—that the dillereixo therefore
was only four; and he has indulged in tome speculations, in
which I do not feel disposed to follow him, at to the facility
with which, in the progress of the goverrment and through
the agency of the executive, the votes of four senators
might be influenced. Discarding these, and w uhout stop-
ping to remark that in forming the constitution its fiamers
looked to an enlargement of the numkis ol the benale, I
submit to ynu, sir, that the comparative value of the provi-
sions which require a vote ol two-thirJs and that ofa bare
majority, in the protection which they i espectively afford
to the rights ofa minority, is not to be asooitamed by com-
paring these majority votes merely, but by extending the
comparison to the majorities and minorities m each case.
In a Senate representing thirteen States, and consisting
of twenty-six members, it you compare the majorities of
eighteenand fourteen, the difference would inded U; only
four—and, if senators should ever become « marketable
commodity, it would requiie a less outl'.j o:i the part of the
executive to control the action of the bor'y 13m epply the
second test. Compare the majority with the minority in
each case, if the simple majority governs, iouiteen sena-
tors, representing seven States, would absolutely control
twelve senators, representing six States. !he majonty in
that case would be two senators, or one State It a major-
ity of two-thirds be exacted, it would require eighteen sen-
ators, representing nine States, to control eight senators,
representing four States. The majority in this case would
be ten senators, or five States. The difference therefore,
between the two modes, in their practical application to
the Senate as originally constituted, is as ten to tw o. A
majority of two votes would decide in the first case. It
would requires majority of ten in the last. If jou make
the comparison of these two provisions, in its application to
the Senate as at present constituted, the result is still more
striking. It would require the votes of thirty-five senators
to control the votes ot seventeen, if the two-thirds lulebe
applied. If a bare majority decides, twenty-seven senators
overrule a minority of twenty-five. Thirteen States, and
one senator from a divided State, will overrule a minority
of twelve States and the remaining senator of the divided
State. Is it upon such a vote that 1 exas is to be forced into
the Union*
Our ancestors were right, then, Mr. President in the im-
portance which they attached to this provision, and I am
surprised that a truth so obvious should not have found a
ready assent from the intelligent mind of tne senator from
South Carolina I marvel more especially that a-outhem
senator, representing oneof those State? which whatever
may be the fate of this measure, aie destined m all time to
be numerically inferior m the councils of th' nation, should
be willing to abandon ai unimportant this constitutional
safeguard of the rights of a minority If it be wi-e co sur-
render this check which the constitution has provided for
the protection of minorities—if it be wise for a southern
senator to do this, then the. senator from South Carolina is
right. If not, 1 claim to stand on southern giound m vindi-
cation ot southern lights.
And now, sir, with the respect and good will which
I desire to manifest to my associates and to all men, I
propound to the advocates of this resolution these simple,
but, in my judgment, vitally interesting inquiries:
Do you wish to torce Texas into this Union, not merely
without the consent, but m opposition to the will of one-
thiidofthe States ot this confederacy > Do you believe
that the acquisition of that State will compensate for
the disruption of those tics which now bind in fraternal
union the existing members of this gieat lepublic?
Think you, when the strifes of part}- have temporarily
subsided, and calmer reflection has allayed the tumultuous
feelings which the late exciting camass'has awakened, that
the American people will see, in the addition oi two or
three hundred thousand men to our rapidly increasing pop-
ulation, any benefit which may atone for the alienation of
feeling that it will engender among the twontj millions cf
freemen who now constitute these sovereign, independent,
and united States ? If not. why no you icsoi z tc the treat} -
making power—to that mode of acquiring loreigji territory
which the constitution has provided as a safegu^d to the
rights of the minority7 If the people desne thr- acquisition,
it will in due time be made, without this usurpation of
power If they do not, and by such a majorm of -voices
as will enable you to obtain it m the mode presented by
the constitution, you will, by its acquisition in any other
mode, have gamed a province, and lo&t a i emp.j e, \*ou will
have extended your already boundless i'otib!!/ you will
have added a fragment to a population which js'even now
increasing with a rapidity which it will requne all the in-
telligence and all the energy of your statesmen to keep
pace with; and you will have* accomplished j our object at
the sacrifice of the peace andhaimony ol the t mon
You will not accept counselor admonition fi^m v e and I
do not ofi'ei it: but I call upon the most heated advocate of
this measure to ponder the quesion which I > ioj o«-c Tins
hot haste, this excessive urgency, with which, iiai'ij ling
upon the scatteied fragments of the cot >ulaf<on. .-u aie
rushing to this Acquisition, v, it riot c-depleted to defeat
your object1
By the terms of the resolution under con«KN.ration the
question of the admission of Texas into the I men is to be
submitted to the final action of another ( onsi^s Is this
precipitancy calculated to conciliate the opponents of this
measure7 Is it likely, when a moment of coin; reflection
shall intervene, to give confidence to rts fi\<„nd^7 Abo\e
all, how will it be received by the great bodv of the Amer-
ican people9
I implore senators to pause. The advocates of this reso-
lution may—I do not believe they have, but, iu the present
excited state of public feeling,they may—have a bf-re majori-
ty in the chamber upon this question. Very cu'-en ly they
have, or will soon have, the government und<- M;eii con-
trol. Stili, I entreat them to pause. The ftviiug whicU
