Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Dayton.
Senate.
will be aroused in tin; bosom of vast multitudes of that peo'
pie, by what they will deem a flagrant usuipation ot pow-
erwhiththej have never delegated, is too deep, too btrong,
too abiding, to b ; iepre^sed, aud it may not be sported with.
The povvtr ot th** government cannot check it The pa-
tronage ol the government will not seduce it. Nay, the iron
rule ofpaity. that image of omnipotence here below, can-
not will notcontrol it
And now, sn, 1 have done. I am deeply sensible of the
responsibility of nty position, but I can meet that iespon>,i-
hility feailossly, because i will meet it honestly, and avail-
ing mysell Ol the language of another, 1 tay to my associ-
aieshere, and to m\ countrymen elsewhere, ''whether
men will hear, or vv heiher thej w ill not hear, is not stuct-
ly my personal concern but my intention, that no man tak-
eth from ms."
SPEECH OF MR. DAYTON,
OF NEW JERSEY.
Jp. Sentit/. V S , F'lnuti'y 24. lS4o —On the question of the
annexation of Texas.
Me, Ff-estlm. i h^veat no time heretofore addressed
the Senate on the subject of Texas, nor have I, on other
subjects, drawn largely on its time or attention. I am
prompted as well by the impulse ot my own feelings, as by
the request of the legislature of that State I have the honor
apart to present, to claim its indulgence for a brief space
now.
Sir. 1 confess 1 look w ith anxiety to the course of coming
events, it seems to me their shadow already darkens our
path But the presen; is our own, and come what may, I
want to feel hereafter that, while the hand held the sceptre,
the heart did its duty.
There is no mode, perhaps, of considering this resolution
better than that indicated by its own provisions. The reso-
lution, Mr. President, is as objectionable in its form as in its
sut&tance. It wants the perspicuity, the form, the elements
ofalaw. The looseness of phraseology is such that (in a
matter of so much importance) it almost indicates design.
It looks as if it were intended that "verge and room'5 enough
should be left for the action of doubting consciences and
conflicting opinions. An empire is to be admitted into the
Union of the States by a looseners of phraseology, which
leaves all doubts and difficulties to be settled herealter. The
se.iator from Pennsylvania [Mr Buchanan] says he does
no: mean to haggle 'about terms; admit Texas, and do jus-
tice between her and us at a fat u re day. The unusual form
of this resolution may be owing in part to the fact that its
subject-matter is not within the law-making power. Law
is defined to be a rule of action prescribed by a superior,
and which the inferior is bound to obey. Here the language
used imports consent only, not obligation. But, evenin this
way. there might have been, there ought to have been,
more of dcti/i. moiv of specification. This resolution, the
senator lio-n Pcnnsj lv-mia says, virtually admits Texas into
the I'n.on compile the terms of that admission with those
enacted in the aumission of Louisiana, its next neighbor.
Tnelatter ai> mo>t particular and precise, the former most
gaiieral and undefined. On the one side of the Sabine, not
t<is Mississippi only but ail the other rivers and waters
emptying into the Gulf, are made fiee of ail State duties, im-
positions' oi "by the act of admission On the other,
though the rive: s ar^ made a principal argument for the ad-
mission. not the slightest guarantv or security is exacted
on the subject Though ta - boundaries of every other State
are required to he most accurately defined before admission,
Texas you propose to take running, wherever you may find
her. But again, you.-a> "Congress doth consent that ihe
tmitoi\vVc . may be erected into a new State, to be
called the State ol Texas.'-' Texas does not need or ask your
consent for that, li independent, she can accomplish it as
well without your assent as with it. But, again, you say it is
to be done with the assent of the existing government'
oi Texas And how*, pray, is that assent to be verified to
this government' Will \ou exact an act oi legislation of
the Texian Congress with the absent of the executive, or
will you be satisfied with the assent of the executive only?
But, again all this proceeding is had ' m order that the same
may he admitted as one of the States of this Union." Now,
sir. are these words, in order that," &c, obligatory, or are
thevnot' Is there one line m the section having in it the
form or elements ol a law ? And again, sir. how is Texas
to be apprized of this precious act of legislation' On legal
p:inciple->, d'i peisons within our jurisdiction are assumed
to be cok-m/ant of our laws.but there is nothing, I believe,
which charges this knowledge upon foreign governments.
"H ho is to be the organ of communication' It is certainly
iio part ol the dutv of the executive, unless specially
charged with buch duty. Sir, the whole proceeding indi-
cates not the grave deliberate action oi one nation proposing
terms acd conditions of annexation to another nation, but a
consciousness of the true state of the case, to wit: that
Texas is on the '\ateh, that <-he is looking on here and
will swallow the hook, naked, the instant it is dropped
within her teach
There is one thing about this resolution which is une-
quivocal ;t assumes that Congress has now jurisdiction of
the question, and that Congress will act finally upon the
question w hen Texas shall "have adopted and forwarded its
constitution Here, sn.is the issue. We deny totally the
feAiatence of any such power. We say that no construction,
Miict or hbeial, noth.ag shoit of a boundless license, the
eud ana consequences of which no man can foretell, will
justify the exercise of thi* power in the manner indicated.
V/e have had constinctiouibts, stuct and anti-strict. those
who woiild have wrapped the constitution in swathing-
clothps, lest the creature might strike down its creator;
others who were wilhncr it should have just so much free-
dom as % as necessarv to its exercise and healthful devel-
opment. And now. if I understand this matter, we arr to
have a tbiid sect, who are willing to stiip it of every liga-
ment, to turn it naked upon the world, tree to mean and do
whatever a temporary majority may will that it shall mean
ar: 1 shJi do
This boundless power is claimed under that clause which
authoru~  congress to admit "new States1' into the Union.
These v, onh. are so clear, the senator from Marylaud [Mr.
Mmicfj j >«. ttet  U the lights of heaven eoaocntated
would not, in his judgment, make them clearer. He puts him-
self before high heaven—rises above faction—wonders how
any man, who will lay aside party bias and prepossessions,
can differ from him. Sir, it is a pleasing thing to see frail
man stand thus plumb before his God. I will try, at an
humble distance, to imitate his example, though 1 very
much doubt whether I shall he able to lay aside with the
same facility that party bias and political prepossession
which he so much deprecates, and has, it seems, so entirely
ov ercome.
Tho first great source of light upon this question is the
text, the Constitution itself. In politics, as in religion, 1
eschew "the fathers," until all reasonable hope of a satis-
factory construction elsewhere is gone. The text is gener-
ally clearer than the annotation; the original clearer than
the comment God forbid that the time shall ever come
when we shall be dependent on a scrap fiom Mr. Jefferson,
or a line from Mr. Madison, lor the meaning of that consti-
tution on which our political safety- depends, now and for
ever! I would study the constitution through, not in let-
ters and word only, but in spirit. The third section of the.
fourth article says "new States may be admitted by the
Congress into this Union." What did the convention mean?
Was it intended that Congress might admit "new States"
from any part of the earth; or was it meant such States as
might arise within the territories of the United States? Our
adversaries say the former; we say the latter. There are
two modes of arriving at the proper construction of a stat-
ute: first, by the particular provision; second, the general
context.
i shall proceed in this way, bearing in mind the following
common rules of construction, to wit: "a thing which is in
the letter of a statute, is not within the statute, unless it be
within the intention of the makers, and likewise the further
rule, "all words, whether they be in deeds, or statutes, or
otherwise, if they be general, and not express or precise,
shall be restrained unto the fitness of the matter or person.'"
The particular provision here authorizes the admission of
"new States." The phrase "new States," as having any
special definition, is unknown to the law of nations.
France and England, though annexed, could in no sense
be called, with any regard to accuracy of language, new
States. All writers on national law say that no change in
the forms of government changes the State—that it contin-
ues identical. The word "State" is one of general applica-
tion, and applies to all kinds of States known to the world
—whether monarchical, republican, democratic, or other-
wise. The mere annexation, then, of an old State could
not make it a new one, as I contend, in any sense contem-
plated by the law ofnations. Rutherford says, "a civil so-
ciety continues the same, notwithstanding any changes that
are made in its civil constitution.'5 "Hence it follows that
a State neither loses any of its rights, nor is discharged
from any of its obligations, by a change in the form of its
civil government.'5—<2 Ruth 673) The word "new" was in-
tended to designate a State newly created; where no organ-
ized independent government had existed before. It was
intended, in other words, to apply to such States as should
he formed out of our western territory.
That such was the meaning is evident from the sentences
which next follow it: New States may be admitted, • but no
new States shall be formed or erected within the jurisdiction
of any other State.'" This gives point, application to the
meaning of the preceding phrase. It is a restraint upon the
power pieviously granted, and indicates what that power w ay
intended to cover. It shows that the mind of the conven-
tion was turned to the formation of future States arising
within the country, and wished to provide against the con-
flict and confusion incident to a State formed or erected
within another State.
But again, that the phrase "new State" was understood to
mean States newly organized out of oui territory, and not
merely old States in a new combination, is evident, not only
from the sentence last referred to, but from the one which
follows that, which forbids that "any State be formed by
the junction of two or more States." It drops the word
"new," as soon as it comes to speak of a State formed out of
governments having |a prior existence, showing that the
convention understood and distinguished between the two.
Now, it it be said that this is hypercriticism, I answer, that
never was there an instrument of mere human production
which would better bear it. There is no loose language-
no idle talk in this paper; every sentence and woid has a
proper and precise signification.
I do not, of course, overlook in this view of the question
the fact that a ratification by nine States could establish this
constitution. The constitution was adopted for, and re-
commended to, all the States, and whether they were or
were not in the convention—whether they were of the first
nine States which ratified it, or otherwise, seems to me
wholly aside the question, for in no aspect could those
States which were organized before, but which came in
afterwards, be regarded as new States. The very fact that
four out of the old thirteen might ratify the constitution,
and come into the confederacy alter it was formed, without
•any law or further action of government, is plenary evi-
dence to my mind that by the phrase "new States" was not
meant a mere coming into the confederacy—a Texas annex-
ation; something more was intended: it looked to the forma-
tion ofa State "ad orov—the cieation of a new thing—not
simply the annexation of an old one.
But, Mr. President, the senator irom New York [Mr
Dickinson] has essayed to answer the argument which
arises upon the word "new," as annexed to the word
"States." I have fortunately had the benefit of a night to
consider that argument—a piece of good fortune, by the
way. for which 1 regret, under the circumstances, that i
was not at all indebted to the vote of the senator." Follow-
ing him, as 1 do, it seems to be my duty to answer his argu-
ment. The -wt-hole of it would fit in here quite as well as in
anv other place. The word "new," in this connection,
means, he says, only that the States would be new in their
'An allusion to the fact that Mr. Dayton agreed with Mr.
Dickinson to let him have the floor on Saturday afternoon,
upon the express condition that he would speak out the rest
of the afternoon, so that Mr. Dayton would not be called
upon to proceed before Monday. After Mr. Dickinson fin-
ished he voted against the adjournment, though admitting
attbe aamstime m
relation to the United States; that it is, and must be used in
that sense only. If, says he, two honest farmers be talking
together, one of whom has recently purchased a farm, the
ether naturally asks him how he likes his new farm; that
such is the usual application of the word. Pray, sir, "will
that senator be good enough to say whether he considers
the gossiping style of conversation common to two farmers
a fit model or illustration of that language which is piopejc
foi the constitution of a nation? Nay, sir, will he be good
enough to say whether, had he been writing a deed or an
article of agreement (the senator is a lawyer, 1 believe)
about a recently acquired farm, or a lot '25 feet by 100,^ he
would have used the word "new" in that connection? Nay,
sir, would he have used the word in that connection, had
he been writing, not of a farm or a lot, but of a sheep? That
senator then passed to a brief examination of the legal ques-
tion of annexation. Waiving, as he said, any technical dis-
cussion, he laid down the broad position that annexation
was matter of right. That right, says he, is the basis of the
law of nations, which "knows no beginning, and has no
end."
Now, sir, I do not remember to have seen that definition
of the law of nations before, nor do I understand the exact
connection between his premises and conclusion. I really
fear, Mr. President, that I have not appreciated or properly
understood the senator's legal argument: and as he did not
himself rely much upon it, I will leave it. He proceeded then
to give us, as he said, "a popular view of this question," and
in that he covered a good deal of ground of one description
or another. His first and perhaps principal position on this
point was, that this question of annexation waa one of the
main issues on which the late election in the State of New
York turned: that it had been discussed "by old men and
sung by young maidens," &c. Now, Mr. President, I have
no great taste myself for talking of those things in this
place; but, sir, I have some faint recollection of a certain
"secret circular" issued in that State, and of the political
standing of those who signed it. It seems to me, too, sir,
that the gubernatorial candidate of that party had voted
against the confirmation of the Texas treaty during our last
session, and yet that he was elected by a majority of some
thousands largei than the electoral ticket. And, sir, if not.
mistaken, this same governor has recently nominated, and
the Senate ol New York confirmed, one of the signers of
that "secret circular" (Judge Edmonds) to a most elevated
office. And, lastly, sir, I recollect that one of the most able,
influential, aud leading public journals of that party, at all
times, and in the most unequivocal manner, repudiated this
Texas issue. Now, sir, whether the weight of evidence
lies with all these or with the senatoi's "old men and young
maidens" around a hickory pole, or at a stump-gathering,
must be settled by others.
Mr. Dickinson here rose and asked what journal the sen-
ator alluded to.
Air. Dayton. The New York Evening Post
Mr. Dickinson. "That is not a leading journal of the
party in New York; at least I do not so consider it."
Mr. Dayton proceeded. Well, the senator or his schism
may not, but the mass of the public, I presume, are of an-
other opinion.-*
Having disposed of the above question, the senator then
proceeded with his argument, illustrating his "popular
view"' of the question in a way in which I could not follow
him, if I would. He likened Texas to "the young, the
dark-haired, the child-like sister," who, if repelled by us
now, will have "learned too late that man maysmileand
smile and be a villain." Well, sir, that means, I take it, that
however badly we may have behaved, Texas "is no better
than she ought to be." The senator then drew, with a won-
derful facility, if not perspicuity, foi further illustrations,
upon all sources, ancient and modern, and upon all history,
sacred and profane: commencing (if 1 heard aright) with
the Ishmaelites, and coming down (among many other mat-
ters) through the Gieek horse, Nero, Lord Bacon, Nicholas
Nickelby, the funeial service, and the prodigal son! Mr.
President. 1 take no exception to an^ of these illustrations,
except the last, and there I must positively insist upon ma-
king a point with the senator, He claims for these return-
ing Texians the welcome which the father gave to the prod-
igal son. Has it not occurred to the senator that there is a
wide difference m the cases > Did the prodigal son return
with the calf on his back? Did he say, "Father, open,
quick, quick, the owner is close behind:1' I commend this
distinction in the cases to the calm and dispas&ionate judg-
ment of the senator.
[Mr. Dickinson here said he had not been exactly under-
stood. That he had contended that these returning coun-
try men, who had done well, Sec., should not be worse treat-
ed than was the prodigal son, &c ] _
Mr. Dayton, f do not know that the senator betters his
position much, if he mean to claim as good treatment for
those who returned with the plunder on their back as
though they came without it, but in the spirit of the peni«
tent child.
Having made this short call at the door of the senator
from New York, I letuin to the more regular path of my
argument
I was speaking, Mr. President, of the great accuracy ot
the language used in the constitution. It will be remem-
ber ed that a seiies of propositions were first introduced bv
Mr. Randolph, of Virginia; were discussed at great length
bv the convention, were then referred to a committee to
draft anew, in the form indicated by the previous discus-
Mons, were reported by the committee in a revised shape,
and again discussed seriatim', that, after all this, they were
inferred to another committee of "style and arrangement,'
who sat in judgment upon every word and syllable, and
reported the same back to the convention m a shape still
more accurate, and, after nearly four months' consideration
and discussion, by the minds of such men as Washington,
Franklin Madison, Hamilton, and others, were adopted as
they now stand. There is little danger of criticising too
closelv the language of such an instrument. Remember-
ing this, let us proceed from the particular provision to the
^Th^fi^and second sections of the same article, and
*lt isldue to Mr Dickinson to say that he subsequently
informed me that he meant it was not the leading juurnsK
gee-, tfcpugb ]t might be ©a? 9f then*.
