APPENDIX TO fHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1846.
'28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Barrow.
Senate.
pay a cent of your debts!" Now, sir, what would the world
say of the morality of a transaction like that? And that, sir,
is the precise transaction now before us. If she do not pay
her debts, her creditors believe that you will do it. Hence
it is, that in the very face of this stipulation that you are
not to pay, and while she is yielding up the most valuable
of her property, her bonds have gone right up in the mar-
ket She believes that your course is (as suggested by the
senator from Pennsylvania) to get her in, and do justice
hereafter
The lien which a creditor morally has upon a debtor
State is a lien upon all its resources. At an early day loans
were made upon the hypothecation of property—sometimes
it was the crown jewels—sometimes a town or province,
but, as the force of moral obligation "came to be recognised
among nations, and national law better understood, the
security was dispensed wirh, and the loan was made on the
plighted faith of governments—the national "word of
honor" to pay. This involves a promise to use all the means
of Government, in the shape of its right to tax the citizen,
directly and indirectly, to raise money to pay the debt. The
nation which voluntarily parts with that right is guilty of
a fraud upon its creditor; and the nation which accepts the
transfer, knowing the facts, and refuses to pay, is particeps
criminis.
Sir, the repudiation and bankruptcy of Texas is, of itself,
a reason why she should not come into theUnionnow. We
have enough of that already; but what we now have is our
misfortune, not our fault. If we admit a State with this
badge of shame upon her, it will be our fault, not our misfor-
tune.
There is one other clause in this resolution upon w liicli I
will submit a few remarks, and then relieve the Senate.
The third clause provides for the admission of "new
States of convenient size, not exceeding four in number, in
addition to said State of Texas," to be formed out of its ter-
ritory hereafter, "by the consent of said State;" and that
such States as are formed out of territory south of 36 de-
grees 30 minutes north latitude, "commonly known as the
Missouri compromise line," shall be admitted with or with-
out slavery, as the people of each State asking admission
may desire.
i shall not spend time to show the gross impropriety of
permitting a State of such immense dimensions to say
whether she will or will not hereafter contract her limits
and importance by permitting other States to be carved out
of her. Certainly every dictate of prudence would suggest
that this power ought not to remain with the State of Texas.
But my objectin referring to this clause was in reference
to the slavery line presented by its provision. There is no
pretence of there being any thing north of that line of the
slightest value, if, indeed, Texas really owns a foot there.
The option yielded to States which may hereaiter be form-
ed out of Texas south of that line is calcnlatcd, li not in-
tended, to delude, grossly delude, the public mind. The
whole territory of Texas is now admitted as a slave State.
No State can hereafter be formed out of her territory ex-
cept with her own consent. Sir, did the mother ever, of
her own consent, give birth to a child of color and instincts
differing from her own1 The option in the resolution is all
a delusion. And none of its advocates, I am glad to find,
have pretended that the entire territory below 36 degrees
j0 minutes would not be slave territory. But the resolution
refers to this line as the line of the Missouri compromise.
Ay, and the senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchavan] says
their recognition of thatcompromise will settle the question
of slavery forever.
Never, sir, never. I am no fanatic myself, nor do I sym-
pathize with such as are so. I represent a people, thank
God, as little tainted with political abolition as any other.
Colonization was born on our soil, abolition i* scarcely
known to it. South Carolina might almost poll as many
abolition votes as did New Jersey in her late elections.
Speaking from memory, her aggregate poll was about
75,000 vote5!, of which the abolition candidate received, I
think, seventy-five! Yet our legislature has protested
against annexation. The senator from New Hampshire has
charged that this opposition originates with abolitionists;
his State, if I remember right, has resolved in it* favor.
Will he be good enough to say about how many thousand
abolition votes it polled at the same election?
Sir, I repeat, that I neither feel as a fanatic nor do I repre-
sent such feelings on this floor. On the contrary. I will
sustain all the compromises of the constitution with everj-
faculty God has given me. Nor do I think that the North
has ever subjected itself fairly to a charge of llliberalit) to-
wards their southern brethren Although the power has
been in the free States from the adoption of the constitution,
yet a slave State has always come into the confederacy side
bv side with a free one; and even now, Iowa (free) and
Florida (slave) are together knocking at yonder door, and
you keep them waiting there while you serve the occasions
of Texas. Theie is liuw, sir, a representation on the floor
of the other House, given by the slaves of the South, under
the three-fifths principle of representation, almost equal to
the entire delegation from New Kngland, and greater than
the delegation trom five ofthc sovereign States ofthc Union.
Yet the North is complained of. Most grievous charges
are more particularly laid to the door of .Massachusetts by
the senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Ashley.] He told us that
the course of that State had ever been the same; that, from
the adoption of the constitution to the present hour, she had
(with the exception of Indiana and Illinois, where there
was no division) voted against the admission of every new
State to the Union; that she had voted even against Maine,
the child of her own bosom. Sir. I confess, I was almost
startled by the sweeping character of this charge, ft was a
degree of illiberality that I had not expected from that an-
cient and, as I had supposed, liberal Commonwealth. It
was justly calculated to depreciate her standing in the judg-
ment of her sister States. But. sir, it seemed strange to me
that she could have opposed the admission of Maine, be-
cause Maine was formed out of Massachusetts, and could
not have been admitted to the Union but with her consent.
The induced an examination of the charge, and I find that
the senator has in some way made a <?ad mistake—that the
whole allegation is founded in error. Since the adjourn-
ment I have had made out a particular statement, showing
fb* votes of Massachusetts on the admission of the several
States of the Union since the adoption of the constitu-
tion, viz:
l&c-'sqs
-2
  7 § s-g S s-. s s g.
j? g 2   3 g S ^
cr?
frsrsrg g gg
gT qq
^ _ — « *-■  
vi j. en « w©«o_ct p_- yj u
<% cd cd V od cc si <TJ cc cd
a S c o ® cc a K/ li a -
3 5^
3
>
CR
An examination of this table shows how great has been
the Senator's error. So far from voting against the admis-
sion of every new State from the foundation of the govern-
ment, out ot the entire thirteen admitted, Massachusetts has
voted against but two, and they (Michigan and Ohio) both
free States ' Her delegation in the House voted against
Arkansas, but in all other cases the majority has been in
favor of admission. She voted against an amendment of the
Judiciary Committee of the Senate, by which Mi«ouri
was connected with Maine, but she did not vote against
the final admission of Maine, "the child of her own
bosom *'
Mr. Ashley, requesting permission to explain, said that
he had made allegations upon information furnished by
another, which he had supposed to be correct; that he had
not himself made any examination.
Mr. Dayton. The table I have presented was made un-
der my direction by a very accurate officer of this body, and
1 doubt not is accurate. Having thus done justice to Mas-
sachusetts, I return to the general question.
Is it not asking much of our liberality (in view of the
present extent oi slave representation in the other House)
to admit 2-r>.000 sla\ cs of Texas to cancel, or override, 16.000
of our freemen7 And not this only, but to open up a coun-
try of unknown extentto the operation of the same princi-
ple of representation? Where is this to cease? Twice has
this been compromised, and yet these exactions are pressed
upon us again. The first compromise of the slavery ques-
tion was at the adoption of the constitution. Our fathers
then had before them the ordinance of 1787, prohibiting
slavery north of the Ohio. They saw the relative entent
of country which would fall respectively to the free and
slave States; they made up their account, and yielded the
three-fifths principle of slave representation, with a view to
the then existing state of tilings.
Louisiana was then acquired; and in 1820—little more than
a quarter of a century after the first compromise—this Union
was again shaken to "its very centre by the famous Missouri
question. Again parties north and south looked cwr the
ground, and compromised this slavery question by admit-
ting Missouri, but fixing for the futme 36 degrees 30 minutes
north latitude, as the line above which no slave State here-
after shall be formed. This compromise was made with ref-
erence to the future. Both sides seemed satisfied with the
extent of country thus appropriated to them icspectivcly,
and the act wa-s passed by large majorities in both Houses.
The leading statesmen ot the" South voted in favor of the
bill And now, sir, another quarter of a century has passed.
The South has filled every foot of country appropriated to
slave institutions by the Missouri compromise; their cup is
literally running over, there is no more space for the ex-
tension of slavery and the three-fifths pnnciple; nothing to
balance Wisconsin! The Indians on the wet of Arkansas
were placed there at their own instance; and now this same
South comes here, asking of the North (which has not one
foot more of territory than was allotted to it by the com-
promise) that she take in an immense area of additional
country, to be covered with slave institutions, and the
three-fifths principle of representation. Ay, and we are
told—and told by the representatives of northern freemen,
too, [Messrs. Buchxnax and WooDBt'ry.] that this line is
the Missouri compromise. Sir, it is a construction oi that
compiomise, like their construction of the constitution, de-
pending on syllables and words, while it outrages its spirit
and intent. Again, I ask, when will this cease? If the
North yield now—as yield she will—in another quarter, or
half a century, Texas mav be full to the Rio Grande. In the
mean time the free West has wandered further and further;
has reached deeper and deeper into the distant prairie.
They even now tell us that the eagle has plumed its wing;
that it will soon look in its flight upon the peaks of the
Rocky mountains, and find a final resting-place only within
the sound and sight of the surges of the Pacific.
If half of this fancy be true, can we believe for an instant
that the Soutk will content itself with the limit of the Rio
Grande.' No, sir; no, sir. As certainly as the time shall
come when she has filled up this wide area—as soon as one
single free State asks admission where is no more slave ter-
ritory to balance it, all prior compromise will be disregard-
ed as it is disregarded now, and the South will again demand
extension at our hands. The West India islands are ©n one
side, and Mexico, the feebler power, on the other. Eight
hundred American emigrants, and two, (that was it, 1 fie-
lieve,) two Mexican discontents, can make another San Jacin-
to, and open a way through the Californias to the Pacific
ocean. Sir, if this country hold together, I put this proph*
ecy on record; 1 stake my reputation with posterity, that
our southern will walk w ith us, step by step, and aide by
side, to the Pacific ocean. It is in no unkind spirit that I
declare now, and as at present advised, that in myj'udg-
ment the institution of slavery, and its three-fifths principle
of representation, in view of past compromises, should
never pass one foot beyond the waters of the Sabine.
Mr. President, the integrity of the States ot this Union
must be preserved at any price short of dishonor and impo-
sitions on its parts too grievous to be horne. We ask our
southern friends not to press us too far. We feel that while
the South has always clamored most, she has had least
cause^ that the government haa been almost exclusively in
her hands from the beginning. The present acquisition we
deprecate, first, and principally, because it is a violation of
the constitution; and next, because we feel that it can bring
with it no commensurate good to counterbalance its evils.
It is hanging an immense State on the very outermost end
of the confederacy, and gives it the advantage of leverage
against the centre. If it cannot, on trial, upheave it, it may
at least break the beam, and carry a large fragment away
with it. Sir, we want conciliation; we want forbearance at
the hands of the South: oi country, God knows, we have
'•enough and to spare!'' Filled, from its verge to its centre,
with our free citizens and our free institutions, where, in
the compass of light, could you find a nation reflecting
more of greatness—more of goodness!
The mirror may yet, at some distant day, become too vast
for use. If so, the hand of a workman, I trust, quiet, un-
impassioned, may divide it into parts, and reset each'in a
frame-work of its own. Then, and then only, may we hope
that each will again give back the glorious image of the
original. But let the hand of the workman shake with pas-
sion, let the spirit of violence but touch the plate, and it
will be dashed into a thousand glittering fragments, fit only
to be trodden in the dust by the heel ot an oppressor
SPEECH OF MR. BARROW,
OF LOUISIANA,
In Senate. February 19, 1^45.—On the resolution for the an-
nexation of Texas.
The Senate having resumed the consideration of the joint
resolution from the House of Representatives for the an-
nexation of Texas—
Mr. BARROW said that, to those who knew him, it
would be useless to say that it was with painful reluctance
he participated in the present debate. This feeling was
caused, m part, by the fact that the subject had already
been, and would yet be, discussed by gentlemen of much
more ability, experience, and wisdom than himself, and
partly because he distrusted his capacity to express him-
sell with thai lorce, and clearness., and method which
were necessary to command the attention of that body.
But the crisis which now marked our public aliairs was
too pregnant with danger to permit any scruples whatever
to prevail over the duty imposed upon every senator to con-
tribute his efforts, however humble they might be, to save
the constitution of his country from wrhat he believed to
be a palpable violation of its provisions. But in this affair
he could, not claim to be a volunteer; on the contrary, he
considered himself drafted into the service, and no al-
ternative w as left him but to speak or to skulk like a cow-
ard from the honest discharge oi his duty as a senator.
Mr. B. would not here pause to look back to the time
when this grand scheme had its origin. Whatever might
have been the motives of the hybrid administration with
which it originated, it was too'late now to waste time in
attempting to analyze them, nor was there any necessity of
commenting on w hat was now gone to the past records of
history. Before, however, proceeding to discu«s the con-
stitutional question, he consumed it propei to notice one
or t\\ o of the motive's which had been suggested by the sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan] and li e senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. \Vooi,k<-rvj w H Congress
should act on this question now.
They had been told (and it was not the first ti,--e he had
heard the argument urged) that C ongress was bound to act
now because the people, at the lrf«t election, had so de-
creed. Mr B took this occasion to protest ugoms-t the ad-
vancing of such an argument as thai m a grave and dignified
body like the Senate, or even in one of minor ir^poitance.
He denied,in general terms, this mos t mischievous doctrine.
No statesman, and especially no sen.iror, should advance it
as an argument why the Sex^ate should act in tins or m that
manner, that the pe'ople had decidod the question Did he
say this because he did not respect the people*—bccau<e
he did not know that, in a government like our?, all sover-
eignty was with the people' No,but because he knew
that it was a doctrine which, if earned out, must overthrow
all law . order, and government, for the people nevwhad
any question of administration put to them for their suf-
frages, and no senator had a right to say that, when the peo-
ple \ ®ted lor a pai Uculai indh *dual Pi evident, they w ere
to be considered as thereby endorsing all the opinions of
that individual. Besides, :Ur, B. joined issue with both
these senators as to the matter oi tact He >aid that the
people, in casting their suffrages for Mr. Polk, did not dccide
for annexation, because he knew that, m ccrtain sections of
the Union, large numbers voted for .Mr. Folk, at the same
