fe j
392
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1840.
528th Cong 2d, Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Barrow.
Senate.
nies South America, and extended their view, to use the
modern phrase, as far as Patagonia! The proposition was
rejected, as it oughtto have been; for it would have viola-
ted every sound principle of republican government, by dis-
regarding, in the matter of representation, ali reference to
population and wealth, and setting up an oppressive and
arbitrary rule.
But did the presentation of such an amendment prove
nothing? Let any gentleman look at those debates, and he
would find that the members of the convention, when they
spoke about new States, spoke of new States to arise in the
West, or had reference to Vermont, or Maine, then a district
of Massachusetts.
A proposition W8S offered by Luther Martin, which went
to shed some light on this matter. That very distinguished
man was among the most able of those who contended for
the dismemberment of the large States. He said that, il the
convention would not consent to the formation of new
States from the territory belonging to the larger ones, he
and other delegates from the small States would leave the
convention; in reply to which Gouverneur Morris said that,
if gentlemen avowed purposes like these, and meant to
threaten the convention, they would find that delegates
from the large States could quit the convention too. Mr.
Martin offered this resolution:
"The legislature of the United States shall have power to
erect new States within as well as without the territory
claimed by the several states, or either of them, and admit
•the same within the Union; provided that nothing in this
constitution shall be construed to affect the claim of the
United States to vacant lands ceded to them by the late
treaty."
This showed very plainly that the terms "within''' and
"without" had a local habitation and a name, and the argu-
ment drawn from the words of Gov. Randolph's resolution
had no force. The gist of the controversy was, whether
Congress could admit new States formed out of State terri-
tory as well as from territory within the Union, but not
within the States; and this was the true question which agi-
tated the convention.
But the Senate had been told that Vermont was a foreign
State; that Congress admitted Vermont, and therefore Con-
gress could admit Texas. Mr. B. confessed his surprise and
amazement when he first heard this argument employed;
and he had thought within himself that the advocates of
annexation'by an act of the legislature must have been hard
pressed, indeed, and driven to the wall for arguments, be-
fore they would have thought of resorting to a position
like this. Yet it had been gravely urged, not only that
Vermont, but that Rhode Island and North Carolina were
foreign States; and, as thev had been admitted, Texas could
be admitted. North Carolina a foreign State! Why, she
was one of the parties to the original compact; her delegates
were present and participated in all the debates and m all
the compromises of the constitution; and her representa-
tives signed it. Mr. B.'s personal respect for gentlemen
who employed this argument prevented him from using
that language in regard to it which he certainly should, had
it proceeded from those not thus entitled to his regard.
North Carolina a foreign State! Why, let gentlemen take
up the constitution, and they would find in the very first ar-
ticle provision made for the number of representatives in
Congress from North Carolina and Rhode island. The rep-
resentatives were there apportioned among the States.
Rhode Island was to have one, North Carolina wras to have
five; and when nine States had embraced the constitution,
it was to go into effect. It did not declare that the four
other States who might not come m as soon as the nine,
should or should not be allowed to enter: that would have
have been supererogation. Whenever North Carolina
chose to corae in, she had only to elect the requisite num-
ber of representatives and senators, and they would have a
right immediately to enter and take their seats,^and Con-
gress possessed no power to exclude them. The constitu-
tion itself assigned the number of representatives she mu^t
elect, just as it did respecting the rest of the thirteen. The
convention laid down no statute of limitation; it passed no
resolve that a State should be treated as foreign unless it
embraced the constitution within a given time. It had a
right to come in whenever it should ratify the constitution.
Jf, indeed, any of the States should not only delay to unite
in the confederacy, but should adopt measures of hostility,
then Congress would have had a right to treat them as for-
eign and hostile nations; but, under the facts as they stood,
it was not only idle, but wicked, to advance such an idea.
I\Ir. B looked on it as positively wicked to compare one of
the good old thirteen originaf States of this Union with
Texas, and Canada, and Mexico, and Patagonia, and all
other States and countries of the globe.
Mr. R. would now offer a few remarks on another branch
of the constitutional argument before be entered on the
question of expediency- He was led to this in consequence
of what had fallen from the senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Hrn-uersow] That senator had said that because a govern-
ment could acquire territory by conquest and discoverv,
therefore this government could admit Texas into the Union.
The senator said, in the first place, that territory could be
acquired by treaty. This no one attempted to 'deny. He
then went onand said that territory might be acquired also
by discovery and by conquest. This, too, Mr. B. admitted;
and because'territory could be <50 acquired, therefore Con-
gress could dispose of it. Mr B admitted that the action of
the treaty power was not necessary to the acquisition of
territory by discovery. We claimed a portion of Oregon
on the ground of discovery; and on that ground we had a
right to extend our laws over it. The treaty-power need
not be invoked We found a vacant wilderness; we chosc
to appropriate it to ourselves; and Congress, without any
treaty power, could pass a law extending our jurisdiction
over it. So Congress could act incase of w ar and the sub-
jugation of territory by conquest; when the territory was
conquered, there was no foreign sovereign to trextwith,
and we might therefore pass a law extending our juris-
diction over it as conquered territory.
From these admitted powers, however, Mr. B. drew a
very different conclusion. The power peacefully to acquire
territory from a foreign sovereign must be lodged m the
treaty-making power; and there was much reason why the
^oftsi^r^te Garnets of th^ constitution should lodge the
power of acquiring territory with one branch of the govern-
ment, and the power ol governing it, when acquired, with
another. All must acknowledge that one of the principal
reasons for lodging the power of acquisition in the excu-
tive and Senate was to protect the small States against op-
pression by the large. The smaller States never would
have yielded their consent to having such a power placed
any where but where the States stood on an equal footing,
had all the same voice, and all the same weight. In the
compass of federal powers, there was none other that touch-
ed so nearly State interests and State sovereignty as the
power of acquring territory and dividing it up"into States.
Had the idea ever entered their minds that Congress was to
have the power of admitting foreign States, the small States
would have withdrawn from the convention at once. And
they would have had very good reason; for what security
could there be for them if a mere majority in Congress
could extend the confederacy ad lifatum? As a southern
man, he saw great danger to the peculiar interests of the
South from a doctrine like this. Would it not have been
utteily idle at first to try .to restrict the number of new
States, then to declare that the old States might impose con-
ditions on their admission, and then to limit the number of
representatives from new States so that they never should
outnumber those from the old, if Congress could extend the
number of States without limit"? Surely it would have been
the most idle thing in the world Mr. B. looked on the sug-
gestion as nothing* less than an insult to the memory of the
great and wise men who met in the convention, and an im-
peachment of their wisdom to say that Congress could ad-
mit England and Germany, and all the governments of Eu-
rope, and all the States of the new continent into the Union
they were forming; it was a reflection both on their patriot-
ism and love of liberty say such a thing. Once admit this
principle, once pass a bill like this, and all practical benefits
which could arise from the checks and balances of the con-
stitution were at once destroyed. The rights of the States,
especially of the southern States, would be placed at the
mercy of that most tyrannical of all tyrannical kings—king
Numbers. For one, Mr. B. had rather live under the sway
of a lawful and acknowledged king than be subjected to the
uncontrolled and uncontrollable oppression of the masses.
He spoke of the entire mass of population, without any sep-
aration of State lines and State governments; yet the effect
of this bill would lead to that very result, for it was tanta-
mount to an obliteration of all boundary lines, and amount-
ed, m effect, to the breaking up of our confederacy. Cairy
out this principle, and, instead of beins* twenty-siv distinct
independent confederated States, we should constitute one
grand consolidated nation; for, if a power like this could be
exercised by a majority of the two Hou&es, what could not
Congress do' He asked every southern senator w hether
he was willing to be instrumental in producing a concen-
trated government, and empower Congress to do w halever
m its wisdom or folly it might choose to do7
And now. having very imperfectly presented such views
as occurred to his mind on the constitutional question, he
was prepared to enter on the question of expediency. lie
knew, indeed, that he might close his remarks without en-
tering further into the subject; and one who valued more
highly a transient personal popularity than he loved honest
dealing and the sacred obligations of duty, would content
himself with merely stating the constitutional objection.
But he had ever, on all occasions and in all places, been ac-
customed to speak his real sentiments, he cared not whethei
they were popular or not. and never stopped to ask He
had tried to ascertain where the right lay and what his duty
was, and then he had always endeavored to do it, and so
would still endeavor, regardless of any consequences that
miffht ensue. Political station had never been obtained,
nor would it be retainc d by him at the expense of his can-
dor, independence, and freedom of speech.
Even were all the constitutional objections to this meas-
ure removed, Mr. B. should resist this resolution as 7eal-
ously as (he trusted) he should resist a foreign enemy who
presented himself m the guise of an invader. Entertaining
the opinions he did, (and he found no fault with others for
entertaining theirs.) and looking with feelings of deep anx-
iety on a measure which he believed to be calculated to
destroy the best interests of his State, he should of course,
as a senator from Louisiana, feel it his duty to vote against
the resolution. According to the views he entertained, it
would be better for the people of Louisiana if the great king
of floods should every five years over hi<? banks and inun-
date all her plains, or the caterpillar lay desolate and black
all her verdant and flourishing plantations, than that Texas
should be received into these United States. He was now-
speaking of the probable effect of the measure on the prop-
erty, the pursuits, grid general interests of the people of
Louisiana. They were a cotton-growing and a sugar-raising
people, who produced a little rice, and who, in a small por-
tion of the State, occupied themselves m raiding stock. The
annexation of Texas would practically destroy all these
puiMuts by rendering them unprofitable*. Mr. B was greatly
astonished that such was not the general judgment of the
people of his State. There existed not only there, but
amonglftho planters ol ail the cotton-growing States, the
strangest and most unaccountrdde inconsistency in advo-
cating annexation. It was known to every body that m all
these States there was a project afloat for calling a conven-
tion of the cotton-growers of the United States lor the pur-
pose of dpvisjng some plan by which the amount of cotton
planting should be diminished. And why was this? Be-
cause the price of their great staple product was reduced to
so very low a rate that it not onh ceased to yield an inter-
est on the capital invested, but did not enable those engaged
in the business to pay their expenses and the interest of
their debt, (for, though it might perhaps be thought a re-
vealing of family secrets, ninety out of every hundred
planters at the South were in debt.) The grand scheme
in agitation was that they should produce less cotton, and
thus enhance the price of that commodity.
How strange was the inconsistency in men who held
that too much cotton was produced already, to lie so ex-
ceedingly zealous to acquire a large amount of territory
with a fertile soil and tropical climate, and admirably adapt-
ed in all respects to the raising of cotton on a large scale!
With onej breath theyfadvocated a convention to restrict
the growth of their grand staple, and with the next clam-
ored loudly for the admission of a country which within
three years would increase the growth ;of that staple from
thirty-five to fifty per cent. Cotton growers now could
barely live in Louisiana. Unless some change took place,
they would be compelled to turn their attention to some-
thing else. The prices were so low that it was a losing bu-
siness; but were prices likely to be raised by adding to the
Union the finest cotton region in the world?* Let gentle-
men look for a moment on thtf vast increase which had
taken place in the production of cotton since 1817. The ac-
quisition by conquest from the Creek Indians of a large and
fertile territory, from which the State of Alabama was
formed, added greatly to the cotton crop ofthe Union iny
gentleman who would take the trouble of referring to sta-
tistics on the subject would find that, in consequence of
the vast accession of public lands arising from the conquest
of that tribe, a large and fertile region was immediately
vested m the cotton culture. The same result had been
produced by a second event of the same kind in the acqui-
sition of the Chickasaw and Choctaw lands in the State of
Mississippi, and the extraordinary sale of lands that fol-
lowed. Another sudden and great increase in the produc-
tion of cotton was the inevitable .consequence, in the in-
terval between 1917 and 1823, during which time the Creek
lands were selling and settling, the cotton crop more than
doubled, and between 1832 and J840, while the Chickasaw
and Choctaw 'lands were taken up, the product of cotton
more than doiibled again. Mr. B. referred to these facts to
show that the acquisition of Texas, a country where better
cotton could be raised than in any pait of the Union, the
product would again be increased as it had been on the
former occasions.
But they had been told the honorable senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Buchanan*,] in a speech made by him at the
last session, when the Texas treaty had been before the
Senate, as well as in the speech he had delivered on the
present resolution, (and Mr. B. ^admitted that it was a very
proper argument, and was not withoutits importance,) that,
even with the price of cotton was reduced by extending our
cotton region, still it would be a vast gain to the country,
because it would give us the entire control of the cotton-
growing region on this continent, and, if Mr. B. heardhim
aright, if we got that we should have the control of the cot-
ton markets of the world. The honorable senator could
not, certainly, have informed himself on the subject, or he
never would have hazarded such an assertion. If he had
acquainted himself with the facts, he might have learned
that, throughout that belt ofthe eatth which extended from
the equator 36 degrees either way, cotton would grow well,
and might be profitably cultivated. Before we monopolized
the cotton market of the world, we must not only possess
ourselves of Texas, but of Mexico, of the northern port on
of South America, of Egypt, ofthe East Indies, and even of
a part of China. Then the market could be all in our hands,
but not till then This argument of the honorable senator
had about as much force as one Mr B had lately heard'
urged for the acquisition of New Brunswick. Many grave
reasons were adduced for the annexation of that province,
and among the rest this—that New Brunswick was ^a great
potato country, and it was highly necessary that we should
get it into our hands, because then we should enjoy an en-
tire monopoly ofthe potato market, just as if there was not
a potato raised in Ireland. Statements of this kind went for
nothing with Mr. B., nor should he have noticed them had
they not been brought forward by so distinguished a gen-
tleman as tiie senator from Pennsylvania, [.Mi. Buchaxav ]
The greatest interest, however, in Louisiana was the su-
gar'mterest. Large amounts of land and negroes were in-
vested in the culture of sugar-cane and the, manufacture ol
sugar. In point of value it constituted the predominating
interest ofthe State. Now, Mr. B. believed that there was
no intelligent sugar-planter, w ho would sit down and se-
riously reflect for one hour on the inevitable effect of an-
nexation, who could come to any other conclusion than that
he must be ruined by it, especially if he was in debt, (and
that is unfortunately the condition of a large majority of
us.) His lands cost him from fifty to a hundred dollars an
acre, and his negroes from a thousand to fifteen hundred
dollars apiece. How could suchaman successfully com-
pete with a sugar-planter m Texas, after she should be ad-
mitted into the Union, who could get his sugar lands for a
dollar an acre? Could a man whose sugar plantation cost
him a hundred thousand dollars enter the market with a
manwhose plantation of the same size and quality cost him
but ten thousand' Who could doubt but that he must be
broken down7
But here he was very gravely reminded that Texas would
produce both sugar and cotton, whether she camc into the
Union or not. No doubt of it: she certainly would. But
w hile she remained without the Union, these products
would advance so very slowly that they could net material-
ly affect the price of cotton throughout the world But let
Texas become a part of the United States, and let the people
of South Carolmaand North Carolina flock by hundreds of
thousands, with all their negroes, to hei i ich alltn ml soil*
let the eastern shore of Virginia and The eastern shore of
Maryland be emptied upon her plains, and gentlemen would
find that the growth of cotton would be mere: *ed to the
amount of four or five hundred thousand baKs m three
years, by laborers not now engaged in cotton raisins. And,
in regard to sugar, though it might, and no doubt would to
some extent, be cultivated in Texas if Texas remained a
foiseign State, her sugar could not come into competition
with the sugar of Louisiana without paying a uiity of two
and a half cents per pound, as it now did Thu« protected,
the sugar-growers of Louisiana might continue their busi-
ness, and live by it He cared not how much was produced
in Texas out of the Union, but even a small increase of the
sugar crop w itlnn the United States mu&f ha-ve a most disas-
trous efftet upon the price. The mere addition of fifty
*Ejilra(t f> otn speech on the Teuux question.
"So far as I have meie pecuniary interest as a cotton
planter of South Carolina. 1 know perfectly well that m re-
ceiving Texas I rear up against myself and my constituents
a formidable competitor. In this Mew, I have no more inte-
rest in the ratification ol' thia treat} than the- senator from
Massachusetts would have in inviting to the neighborhood
of Boston or Lowell a competitor who possessed some new
and secret improvement in machinei} by means of which
he could undersell all existing competitors
