394
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Winthrop.
H. of Reps.
gotten, they would find increased difficulties in collecting
the money.
As to its being a market for the produce of the "West, he
had no doubt there was many an honest farmer in our wes
tern country who, when thelallcame, had some tenor fif-
teen hogs to kill, whom stump speeches had induced to be-
lieve that if we could but get Texas annexed, he would not
only have a certain market there for his pork now at this
present time, but a vastly increasing market in a new and
rich country the rest of his days. Now, those who know
the real condition of Texas know perfectly well that it was
only the southern portion of that territory where cotton and
sugar could be made, and that it was only in the cotton and
sugar regions where most unwisely they abstained from
raising pork and horses, but that the north and northwest
portions of Texas abounded in wild stock. Wild horses and
wild cattle could there be taken with the lasso. So,that,
should Texas be annexed to the Union, the people of the
West, instead of obtaining a new market for their horses,
must inevitably lose the market both of Louisiana and
Mississippi. The people of these States would buy their
stock from Texas instead of from Indiana, Kentucky, and
Ohio; so that, instead ol the area of their markets being en-
larged, it would on the contrary be much contracted.
Mr B. had for twenty years been a planter, and had, dur-
ing that period, brought Texas mules, and, until the difficul-
ty occurred between Texas and Mexico,many planters in his
section of Louisiana supplied their plantations with mules
from Texas;he never saw better any where. It was very true
that that importation had now ceased, because the trade had
been broken up by Mexican marauding parties and the in-
cursions of the Indians, so that the section of the country
through which they were driven was now very dangerous to
travel; but when she came into our Union, the trade would
immediately revive. He said, then, to the northern manu-
facturer that, if he calculated on an increased market and
an increased augmentation oi his profits from the annexa-
tion of T(/xas, he would soon be undeceived. And he here
warned the western stock raiser that, instead of selling more
horses and mules, after that event, he would them left upon
his hands.
And now to the last reason, viz: that this proceeding
would strengthen the slave-holding interests of the South.
This, after all, was the great secret of the whole scheme;
this was the true reason of its popularity in the South. The
fac'twas beyond dispute, and could not be disguised. No
man could mix with, the people without hearing it from
every one he met. Mr. B. had been told by all with whom
he conversed that they considered it very important that we
should get Texas, because, after the admission of Florida,
no other State or territory could otherwise come into the
Union where slavery would be suliered to exist. It was
therefore very desirable in a political point of view, as in-
creasing the powfir and influence of the South. Mr £ had
protested against this fallacy among his people at home,
and he renewed the protest here. He utterly denied the
competency uf this government to acquire ioreign territory
for the purpose of increasing the relative power and influ-
ence of any section of the Union. He repudiated all such
doctrine; he had denounced it at home, he denounced it
here, and should continue to denounce it everywhere. It
was the worst doctrine for the South that ever had been
broached. It was a two-edged sword, which might cut
North and South They of the South had a right to their
slaves, and they intended to keep them just as long as they
pleased. Their right to them was the right of property, a
right which existed before and went beyond the constitu-
tion. They did not claim to hold their slaves under the
constitution, they had a complete and perfect title to them
before the constitution had any being. The constitution
did not confer the right; it only recognised it. Those who
banded themselves an a union with the people of the South
had agreed, in the very act of forming that union, that this
property should remain untouched. But the people of the
South did not appeal to the constitution as the source of
their right, or its shield and guaranty; they were able to
defend their own right to this property, and they would de-
fend it whenever it was improperly assailed.
But Mr. B. was not to be excited or alarmed by the cry of
wolf! wolf!—abolitionist! abolitionist! He was not to be
thrown into a towering passion by hearing it said that a
neighbor of his was coming down soon to take away his
property. II some friend sounded that warning in his ears,
all he should say would be, "Very well, let him come. 1
desire strife with no man; but, in defence of my property, I
care lor nobody." The South did not fear any unconstitu-
tional assault; "they asked no protection from the northern
assailants, but they did expect and they did believe
that the North would observe the compromises of
the constitution. That they demanded—that they ex-
pected, to that they appealed, not because they look-
ed to those guaranties as some mighty, impenetrable
shield, or impregnable fortification; but they ap-
pealed to their northern brethren as brethren; they appeaal
ed to their love, to their patriotism, to their descent from a
common ancestry, not to touch or interfere with southern
rights. They relied on their northern brethren because
they were brethren; and they relied on them as men, be-
caii'se bv irch a course the common interest and common
well-being both of North and South would be equally pro-
moted. But they did not entreat; they did not beg, they did
not depicrate, they did not remonstrate. If, in spite of eve-
ry consideration which ought to restrain men, the North
should a^ail these righto m any practical form, war and a
dissolution ol the Union would be the inevitable conse-
quences. Bui he believed in the existence of no such pur-
pose among the people of the non-siaveholding States.
Those who hatched and who cherished purposes like these
were a poor, contemptible, despicable party, of some sixty-
five th^'sand fanatical men, scattered among a population
of twelve millions. They were a party who but for the
agitation of this very que^ion, would, m a it- >. 5 ears, have
disappeared from the face ofthe earth.
It was on this ground that Mr. 13. deprecated a scheme
which brought up again this question of<slavery, and
moved and roused the depths of public feeling again >t it.
Its tendency was to produce an excitement which no man,
however wise or politic or influential, could control. The
question gave abolition capital to a multitude of men who
^ould pot get it without the instrumentality of this hobby,
on which they sought to ride into influence and power. The
great mass ol the American people were as yet utterly un-
moved by it; but, from a question moved in this form, he
repeated it, abolition capital was made, which little men,
otherwise powerless and contemptible, could live on, and
live to make disturbance. As to dissolving the Union, the
threat was ridiculous. The people of the North were far
too sharp-sighted; they did not want to dissolve the Union;
they had no idea of losing their southern market—it would
be utterly against their interest to do any such thing But in-
terest was not their only restraint. Mr. B. honestly believed
that men of the North acted from as high moiives and as
noble a feeling of patriotism as men in the slaveholding
States. He believed this, and he was not afraid to avow
it. It was only on this delicate question of slavery on
the one side and high excitability concerning it on the
other, producing a new state of parties, divided by a
geographical line, that can ever seriously jeopard this
glorious Union. While we were denouncing each
ather before a presidential election; while, during
the continuance of that crisis, the fury of party pre-
judice divided father from son, and seemed to seize all
men with a sudden madness, soon after the election was
over all these feelings gradually subsided; the ties of blood
recovered their force; the feelings of friendship resumed
their sway, and men who, a month before, were on the point
of personal violence, renewed theirancient leagues of amity,
and pursued their business or enjoyed their pleasures to-
gether. We had had the most violent contests about the
tariff'and a bank and a national currency, but all this tempo-
rary fury never had produced dissolution. State was array-
ed against State, and parish against parish, and a stranger
might suppose that our Union could not hold together an-
other year; but when the cause died the excitement died,
and all returned again to peace. But not so with this abo-
lition movement—not so with the slavery question: on that
controlling topic, if the excitement ever reached a certain
degree, if it once proceeded beyond a certain point, no pow-
er, short of that which was Divine, could prevent a dissolu-
tion of this Union.
Why did Mr. B. deprecate annexation, as connected with
this subject? Why did he deny the power of Congress to
admit a foreign State? And why did he insist that annex-
ation wouldmjure the South'* He knew full well, and so
did all men know, that England never could engage in an-
other war with us without losing her Canadian posses-
sions. In the first war she would wage, even with France,
Canada would follow our example of revolt. A large por-
tion of her population were French; they despised from
their hearts and hated England and the English. The
same feeling was still burning in their hearts which had
blazed there a hundred years ago. That population not
advanced with the rest of the countrj; it remained
now where it was then. The same hostility pervaded
the whole French population. Let England engage in
war with France, or even with Russia, and just as certain
as the sun went down at eve, Canada would revolt and
set up for herself And what next7 The people of the
North would ask that the British American colonies might
be admitted into the Union, and ten States carved out of
their territory. It was> ample for ten States. By what tune
we should probably have a northern President, (for he sup-
posed the North must have her turn,) and very possibly a
northern Secretary of State; they would be in favor of'ad
mitting these States. The States would have their consti-
tutions provided; they would come knocking for admission,
and, under the precedent now to be set, a bare majority of
both Houses could admit five or six ol them in one day.
Thus we should have in our Union States whose population
could not speak our own language; who had scarce read
our history; who never had been in the school of liberty,
and who did not know the elementary lessons of constitu-
tional freedom And thus a mixed, heterogeneous popula-
tion, the most unfit that could be conceived to exercise the
suffrages and rights of American citizens, would be admit-
ted by a stroke of the pen into all that our fathers earned
with their heart's blood. And would the South have any
thing to say? Yes; she would have much to say. And then
would be witnessed such a storm as no man now living had
ever witnessed. To prevent this beforehand, w hile all was
calm and quiet, Mr. B. resisted the power of Congress to
perform such an act. Let so important a faculty ol govern-
ment be left with the treaty-making power, and then
there could be no danger of such consequences When any
foreign territory should be actually needed for great and
national purposes, there was no fear but that two-thirds of
the Senate would assent to its acquisition. And when
two-thirds of the States were fully satisfied to vote
for any public measure, no permanent commotion
was likely to arise from it. If, after full discussion of
the treaty, it was deliberately ratified, by a consti-
tutional majority, all dissension about it would be quiet-
ed in a short time If Texas should ever come into the
Union through means like these, theie was not the least
danger of its producing any civil commotion There might
indeed be a good dpal of dissatisfaction in some quarters,
and perhaps a"little talk about nullification; but when two-
thirds of the Sta.es declared it to be necessary the reft
would have to acquiesce Jf any commotion ensued, it
would be as limited in space as it would be in time.
And now. then under all these views of the subiect, would
it not be better to postpone eny final action on this question
till next session* In the mean time, there would be no diffi-
culty- in negotiating a tieaty Tex«s was ready and will-
ing. But suppose the treaty should not be ratified: was it
not to be presumed that it was becpu<e the people did not
desire the union'? Let the expeument be made, and see if
that was their will But if gentlemen insisted on annexing
it, not by treaty, but in the mode now proposed, he asked
them at least to wait till they could hear the voices ofthe
people's representatives who had been elected since this
scheme was broached He asked them not to anticipate
their duty by doing what they were not authorized to do:
for certain it was that the people had not yet authorized
them. Let them wait for a lull development of the public
will. It never would do to consummate an act like this
without the authority of an express command from the peo
pie themselves.
Mr. B. had but one more topic of remark. Anew reason
had beep brought forward by the ge&Uemso from New
Hampshire [Mr. Woodbury] why the Senate should act
now. It was a reason which Mr. B. never had heard before.
The reason presented to the Senate for the necessity of in-
stant action was, that the admission of Texas to this Union
would smooth the wrinkled front of the hero of New Or-
leans, and enable him to go down to the grave gratified and
satisfied. Mr. B. would not s&y what ne had intended to
say had that senator been in his j)lace to hear it; but he
would say this, that if respect for himself did not restrain
that senator from presenting such an appeal to the Senate
of the United States on a measure of this momentous im-
portance, he should at least have had more respect for that
body. What! were they to be told by an honorable senator,
in his place on that floor, that a great national measure,
which was agitating the whole Union, and concerning the
constitutionality of which there existed such a great diver-
sity of opinion—a measure whose consequences were im-
measurable and incalculable—that a measure of this charac-
ter was to be consummated on the spot in order to gratify
any man—no matter who, no matter how great? Extreme
unction had been administered to this distinguish-
ed individual thrice already. He did not think he was en-
titled to a repetition of the ceremony. The Senate should
not be called on to act on great national concerns either to
appease his wrath or to appease his happiness. He did not
consider that individual entitled to any particular respect
from him, and he could not but think that the influence of
his name had been invoked a little too often. Should the
proposed measure be carried now. and in the manner sug.
gested, the evil consequences even of Gen Jackson's ad-
ministration wotxld dwindle to nothing in comparison. Mr.
B. looked upon the influence of that individual as he would
on the poisonous upas, which struck its roots deep into the
earth, which raised its mighty arms high towards heaven,
and stretched them far on e\ eiy side, extendingits baleful
shade over the entire land, poisoning every living thing,
and withering even thelowest productions of the vegetable
world. He did hope that a name like this would not have
been invoked, at least in that hall, however proper and
however powerful its invocation might have been else-
where.
SPEECH OF MR. WINTHROP,
OF MASSACHUSETTS.
In the House of Representatives, January 6, 1S45.—On the
annexation of Texas.
The joint resolution for the annexation of Texas being
under consideration^ the Committee of the Whole on the
state ofthe Union—
Mr. WINTHROP said: T have very little hope, Mr. Chair-
man, of saying any thing new 011 the question before U3 or
ol giving any new interest or force to the views which have
already been presented, both to Congress and the country,
by the masterminds of the nation Certainly, I have not
risen to attempt any formal response to the challenge which
was tendered me a few days since by the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr. C. J. In-gersoll.] That
gentleman was plea&ed to call on me emphatically for an
argument. He was particular in warning me against de-
clamation. He would be contented with nothing short of
an argument. Now, sir, I must be allowed to say that such
a call, and such a caution, would have come with some-
thing of a better grace from the honorable member, if he
had given me the example as well as the precept. If he
had "reck'd his own rede," and had given to the House
something better than a desultory string of bald assertions
and balder assumptions, he might have thrown down the
gauntlet to whom he pleased. But I must protest that it
w as a little ungracious in the honorable member to urge
upon me the steep and thorny way of arguing a negative,
after sauntering along the primrose path of dalliance him-
self, with the burden of the affirmative fairly upon his own
shoulders.
The honorable member from Alabama, [Mr. Patnf,} who
spoke last, v. as somewhat m the same vein. "He would not
entertain the House with a meie fourth of July oration."
He, too, wanted nothing but an argument. Now, with all
deference to the better judgment ofthe honorable member,
I must be allowed to express a doubt whether a good fourth
of Julv oration would not be one of the best arguments that
could be framed for this precise occasion. When men seem
ready to forget their own country, and to run after foreign
alliances, to disregard the feelings of their fellow-citizens,
and expend their sympathies upon aliens, and to look more
to the security of slavery than of freedom, it seems to me,
Mr. Chairman, that some remembrance ofthe fourth of Ju-
ly, that some recalling and recounting of the early days
and the early deeds of our revolution—that some reminis-
cences ofthe period when Virginia, and South Carolina,
and Massachusetts, were bound together by mutual league,
by united thoughts and counsels, by equal hope and hazard
m the glorious enterprise of independence; that some recur-
rence to the opinions as well as to the acts of our patriot
fathers—their opinions about freedom, and about what con-
stituted "an extension of the area of freedom"—their opin-
ions, too, about slavery in those days, when one ofthe
greatest complaints against Great Britain w as. not that she
considered slavery an evil, and, having abolished it at great
co«st in her own colonies, had expressed a wish—no further
harm—a wish that it might be abolished throughout the
world,—but that she regarded as the source of a profitable
traffic; that she would not suffer South Carolina and "Vir-
ginia to abolish it; and had even reprimanded a governor of
South Carolina for assenting-to an act for that purpose:—
it seems to me. I say. that some such fourth ol July oration as
this, w ould be an argument everv way suitable and season-
able.
At any rate, the stricter argument of this case belongs
rightfully to those in favor of the annexation. Itbelongsto
those who seek to accomplish this momentous change in
our national condition and our national identity. It belongs
to those who are dissatisfied with their existing country,
and who are ready to peril its peace, its honor, and its union,
in order to obtain another and an ampler theatre for their
transcendant patriotism. It is for them to argue this ques-
tion It is for them to make a cas>e. It is for them to show
1 the coBsumm&te policy ot the measure It i* for them,
