Jan. 184??.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
395
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Jlnnexation of Tescas—Mr. Winthrop.
H. of Reps.
above all. t° pro\eftheir constitutional power to accom-
plish it.
As for us, Mr. Chairman, who seek no change—who are
content with our country as it is—who look to its augment-
ation by internal development, and not by external acquisi-
tion—whose only policy it is to improve, build up, illustrate,
and defend the land and the liberties we now enjoy,—we
might well be excused from aiguinents of any sort on such
3 subject It would he enough for u> to sit quietly in our
seats, ami, when called onto give our voices upon these
resolutions, to say of our country, as the old barons of
England said of their law «>, when threatened with usurpa-
tion: Koluvin%, nnh;«tu±, iriufari'
Sir, 1 desire to press this point uposi the consideration
and upon the consciences of gentlemen aioundme; and
more especially oi those who, bem^ associated politically
with tli'.' fr.t'iids of annexation, arc- understood to enter
tain f<oubt-as to the constitutionality of the scheme pio-
no?ed We have a constitution. We have sworn to sup-
poitit. ft 15 a constitution of limited powers—of specific
grants of powei It declares m its own terms that ''the
enunie.ntion of certain rights shall not he construed to de-
ny ordisf aiage others retained by the people " it declares
further, that ~ "th^ powers not delegated to the United
States? by the constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectiv ely, or to the people."' It
i3 thus the duty oi every man. who gives lus support to a
measure of legislation, to be convinced in his own mind
that the measuieis positively constitutional. It is not for
aim to call for arguments fro'm other* to prove it unconsti-
tutional It is not foi lum to find justification for his vote in
the feenleness or in the silence of those who deny his pow-
er but m the force and the convincing proof of those who
maintain it. Still le^s is it for him to adopt the extraordina-
ry doctrine advanced by an honorable member from Ala-
bama, [Mr s. ] who has told us that, in case ofconsti-
tutional difficulty on this question, he should follow the
maxim of Hoyle; " Where j ou are in doubt, take the trick!"
Northern gentlemen have often'been charged with latitudi-
nananism m their interpretation of the constitution. They
profess to be always m favor of a liberal construction of it.
Bui they have never yet carried their liberality to such a
pitch as this. It rr.ay'be the attribute of a good judge to am-
phft his jurisdiction, but we hold it to be the duty of an
hone.it republican legislator, under a limited government
like ours, to exercise no doubtful powers, and to believe
nothing constitutional without a reason, a substantial rea-
son, for the faith that is in him.
1 am not at all surprised, however, at the disposition
which has heen manifested in some quarters to shift the bur-
den of proof, and to call for arguments trom others, instead
of attempting to make a case tor themselves. Unquestion-
able the friends of Texas in this House have a heavy task
on'their hands X'nable to agree upon any plan among
themselves, having exhausted every art tor reconciling
their urcordant opinions, the ultima ratio of a letter from
the Hermitage even, having been resorted to m vain; the
Roman cement having altogether lost it* colicsive quality
upon this occasion* their only hope seems now to be, that,
by throwing- all their individual schemes before the com-
mittee, the blows of their enemies may prove more efficient
than the lot e pats of their iricnds, and may knock come one
of them jntr> a «har>e, or impress upon some one of them a
color w hich w ill secure tor it the support of a majority. I
have reason to think that the members from Massa-
chusetts, and the northern States generally, are relied
upon to perform a principal part m tins moulding
and coloring process, it seems to be hoped that the
anti-slaverv feeling winch tv e are supposed to represent,
uill exhibit jUclf to such an excess, will be betrayed into
such an intemperate outbreak upon this question, as to em-
harms the pO"i ion of &om«- of our whig friends from the
South and tithei to compel them to vote tor annexation now,
or to stimulate the States winch they represent to send back
to the next C ongress those who will
Such, Mr. t .lairman is the lorlorn hope of the friends oi
Texas at this moment. I trust they may be disappointed irilit.
T'-ev have already elected a President under some such influ-
ence. But I Tc-joice to believe that they will iail in annex-
in? Texas bv it at this last session at least. I certainly , for
one. shall minister to no such mischief. 1 have no hesita-
tion m sajme that I shall oppose the annexation of Texas,
now and alvvavc. unon the ground that it involves an ex-
tension of domestic slavery No considerations oi national
ajrin-aadizement; no allurements of northern interest and
auantagp, were they even as real as in this case they are
spacious and deluMve, will ever win my assent to an en-
levement cf tne beholding territory of my country.
Xor sh?ll 1 hosnate to speak of slavery in connection with
tii's que^ion if mv time be not exhausted before I reach
that ton'C in the order oi my remarks. I shall do so firmly
and fcaritsch • I have aiw ays done in this House and else-
\vh*re; but f shall do so m a spirit of entire deference to
the constitution which 1 have sworn to support, and which
it is mv fecial purpose, in these remarks, to maintain and
vial;«at°: I shall speak of slavey, too. with the most un-
qualified admission which no northern statesman nas ev ei
withheld, that over slavprv. t,v it now exists witnm any o
the existing r^w:es oi the Union, this government has no
ir-mnurof control
No. sir, this! question is not to be settled m this manner,
nor in anv manner I trust, at the pre->eni sewon. Asol-
teu indei'd, I lefiect on it- magnitude. I lina it dimcuit to
fyalwt-ih9tJt Kir-ally and m good iaith before us for de-
cision. Cert.iinlv. Mr Chairman, it is impossible for me to
reconcile, wuh anv views which I entertain of the na.ure
oi our governtm rt and tho charactcr of our constitution,
the idea that such a question as this can be decided linaiiy
ami forever, here and now, by this Congress, _ m this way,
under tht'->e circumstances. An irrevocable incorporation
into our XTinon uf a \ a'-t foretgn nation, the naturalization
bv astioke of the pen, of I know not how many thousand
Mexicans, and of all the other aliens who may hav e. resiutu
six month- ir> Texas, the admission of five and twenty thou-
sand slaves into our country, in defiance of that compro-
mise of the constitution and law? under which no slaves
%erpT0 he admitted after the ytai i&08. the annexation of a
territory large enough to alter all the relations and destroy
all the balances of our existing system,—of a capacity not
merely for adding new stars to our constellation, but for dis-
turbing the courses, and even changing the orbits, of those J
which are now revolving in harmony together, for turning
them upon anew centre and towards another sun;—that such
a measure should be initiated, carried on, and consumma-
ted as this has been, and is now proposed to fce, is, in my
judgment, monstrous beyond all expression.
What, sir, is the brief history of this measure? Secretly
and stealthily concocted originally by a President not of the
peopled choice, bj an accidental occupant of the executive
chair; devised by him for his own ambitious ends, and upon
his own individual responsibility ; let me rather say irre-
sponsibility, (for the history of the last twelve or fifteen
years has proved that our republican President is the most
irresponsible oiKcer known to the civilized world, and may
do with impunity what would cost many a King his crown,
neck, and all,)—rejected emphatically by the Senate, to
whom, as 3 legitimate branch of the treaty-making power,
it was submitted; it has now been introduced into this
House, after a single hour's deliberation in a Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and is about to be pressed to a decision with
as little ceremony as an act to pay an annual salary, or to
establish anew post route! Why, sir, if it were a mere
question oi foreign relation*—if it concerned no intel est,
affected no right, touched no prerogative ot our own Ameri-
can people, a course like this would be extraordinary-
enough; but, reaching as this measure does to the very-
sum of our own domestic affairs, influencing, as it will, the
whole destiny of our country as long as our country may
survive it. such a mode of proceding is calculated to excite
alarm in the breast of every reflecting patriot.
Mr. Chairman, there are many distinct views to be taken
of this transaction, either of which would more than ex-
haust the little time allow ed us under the hour rule. T1 ere
is the executive view of it, displaying as much of assump-
tion and usurpation, in all its civil and all its military de-
velopments, as has ever signalized an equal period in the
history of the most despotic ruler in Christendom. There
is the diplomatic view of it, exhibiting a correspondence
which, I venture to say, has made more than are willing to
acknowledge it blush and cover their faces m shame at such
a degradation of our national character before the w orld. I
am glad to find that even the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs [Mr. C. J. Inojf.rsoli.] has not been quite
able to suppress an intimation of disgust for some of the
state papers and diplomatic coi respoudence of the case.
There is theTexian view of the question, too. Sir, I have
never cherished any particular sympathy for the people of
Texas. I have heretofore been rather inclined to agree with
GovernorMcDuflio in the views presented in an admirable
message of his to the legislature of South Carolina, in De-
cember. 1336, in which he not only expressed the opinion
that "if w e should admit Texas into our Union while Mex
ico is -till waging war againet that province, with a view-
to re-establish her supremacy over it, we should, by the
very act itself, make ourselves a party to the war," and that
we could not "take this step without incurring this heavy
responsibility, until Mexico herself shall recognise the in-
dependence of her revolted province,'' but in which he said
also, "I am utterly at a loss to perceive what title either of
the parties to this controversy can have to the sy mpathies
of the American people. If it be alleged that the inrurgents
of Texas are emigrants from the United States, it is obvious
to reply that, by their voluntary exputiiation, under w hat-
ever circumstances of adventure, of speculation, of honor
or of infamy, they have forfeited all claim to our paternal
regard. If it be true that tliey have left a land of freedom
for a land of despotism, they have done it with their eyes
open, and deserve their destiny v Perhaps this language is
a little too severe; but I am clearly of opinion that men
who have deserted their own country lor a foreign soil, aiu
not pre-eminently entitled to our frobhest and most cordial
cvmpathics I confess, how ever, that recent cucumstances
have created something of reaction m my mind in regard to
the people of Texas. I cannot help feeling some sj nipathy
with that people under the precise circumstances in which
they are now placed; betrayed, as they have been, into so
humiliating a posture, by false pretences and false promises.
"Where has been the fulfilment of that promise which a
President of the United States, speaking through las Secre-
tary- of State, dared to hold out to them a year ago:
"Measures have been taken to ascertain the opinions and
views of senators upon the subject, and it is found that a
clear constitutional majority oi two-thjrus aie m favor of
the measure!" „ x , ,
Sir, mav w e not begin to entertain a hope that the people
of Texas'will awake to some respect for themseh f=s under
the treatment they have received, and w ill no longer suuer
themselves to be duped and trifled with either by Presidents
or Congresses? If thev would summon up something ul a
lust national pride, repel all further overtures to annexa-
tion expose all the arts and intrigues by which they have
been seduced, and resolve to maintain their stand as an in-
dependent nation again.-t Mexico and against the woild, the
"Gou speed" of oil good men would go with tnem. 'J here
seeies to be some probability of such a movement, 1 he
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Aflairs has w arned
us of the danger of delay- ' There is notnmg to he dread-
ed " sav r he, "but delay. Delay is imminently dangerous.
And why is delay dangerous? Because, says no, "there
must be in Texas a <?iral lical of personal sclfi-1. opposition
to annexation. Many tmmcnt men may oppo«. it W hat a
conlcssnn n thi«: Some are not only to get the st-rt ol
the sober second thought of our own American people
upon this question. 1 nt of the people of Texas toei \\ e
are to take a snap judgment on the willingness of ooth na-
tions to enter upon tins fatal mairiagc . Trl
But I turn to even graver views of the subject. hen
the measure was oiisfiMlly reported ta, the committee ot
which I have the honor to be a member, I denounced it off-
hand as unconstitutional in substance and unconstitutional
in form; as in violation of the lav. of nat.ons and of the
faith of oar own country; as calculated to in\ olve us
an unjust ami dishonorable v, ar; and as e mnenuy objec-
an uiiju ^ l   domestic Slave-
eood faith of oar own country; as calculated to in\ olve us
an unjust and dishonorable w ar; and as e.nmenu}
tionable from its relations to the subject of domestic
rv The honorable, membei from Atebama [\-r. Pa-i^] has
been pleased to denominate this my manifesto, has done me
underserved honor of considering me the spokesman of mj
;"rtv in pronouncing it. I spoke for nobody but myse
then and am authorised to speak for, nobody but myself
now' But! repeat the expressions deliberately this morn-
ing, and shall take them as my text in what remains of my
hour.
And, first, Mr. Chairman, I am one of those who deny
the authority of this government to annex a foreign na-
tion to our Union, by any process whatever, short of the
general consent of the people; certainly by any mode
less formal than that required for an amendment of the con-
stitution. Gentlemen tell us that this point was settled by
the purchase oi Louisiana ahd Florida. No, sir; it was
not settled by either of those cases. What said Mr. Van
Buren in 1837? What said Mr. Forsyth, expressing, as he
undoubtedly did, the result of the deliberations of Mr. Van
Buren's entire cabinet? His official reply to Mr. Memucan
Hunt has been often quoted, but cannot be too often held up
before the eyes of the people:
"The question of the annexation of a foreign independent
State to the United States has never before been presented
to this government. Since the adoption of their constitu-
tion, two large additions have been made to the domain
originally claimed by the United States."
■¥ #   * # #
"The circumstance, however, of their b^ing colonial pos-
sessions of France and Spain, and therefore dependent on
the metropolitan governments, renders those transactions
materially different from that which would be presented by
the question of the annexation of Texas. The latter is a
State, with an independent government, acknowledged as
such by the United States, and claiming a territory beyond,
though bordering on, the region ceded by France in the
treaty of the 30th of April, 1603 Whether the constitution
of the United States contemplated the annexation of such a
State, and, if s>o, in what manner that object is to be effected,
are questions, in the opinion of the President, it would be
inexpedient, under existing circumstances, to agitate."
Here is no pretence of the right to annex, and much less
to reannex, Texas under the Louisiana or Florida prece-
dents. Here is not a word about Texas having been sacri-
ficed by the t londa treaty The Texian territory is de-
clared to be "beyond, though bordering on, the region
ceded by France m the treaty of the 30th of April, 1803."
The Louisiana and Florida precedents are declared to be
"materially different'' from the question of the annexation
of Texas. And the point is expressly proposed, as one for
doubt, to say the least, whether the constitution ever con-
templated the annexation of such a State
But who are the persons who declare so impatiently
that the constitutional power ot Congress to annex Texas
hah been settled by precedent1 They are those who deny
the authority of precedent upon every other question but
this. They are those by whom the idea is utterly rejected
and derided, that the signatures of Washington and Mad-
ison to the charters of a national bank, and the existence of
such an institution for forty years, are to be considered as
settling the constitutionality of its incorporation; and who
are haiiing the le-ebtabli^hment of the sub-treasury syrstem
as a return to the constitution—as a restoration of the gov-
ernment, under the auspices of Jackson and Tyler, to that
state ol original purity from which it was corruptly per-
verted by Washington and Madison I Cicero tells us of
some occasion on which the Koman augurs could not look
each other in the face without laughing; and it would be
even more impossible, I should immagine, for those initi-
tiated in the mysteries of the purity of either General Jack-
son's or Mr. Ty ler's administration, to preserve their grav-
ity at such an idea as this But who, again, are those who
maintain so stoutly the binding obligation of precedent on
this occasion' They are those, m part, who are just ready
to make a new attempt at nullifying a protective tariff', al-
though the preamble of the lirst revenue law upon the
stature book declares, that the encouragement of domestic
industry was one of its principal objects, and although
every President ot the United States, from Washington to
Jackson inclusive, has put his name to bills or messages
distinctly recognising the same principle !
Sir, I am no despiser of precedents. For the deliberate
decisions of our early Congresses and cabinets upon ques-
tions of constitutional intention and interpretation, I enter-
tain the most deferential respect. But for the Louisiana
precedent, even if it were not "materially different"' from
the question before us, I profess to entertain© no respect
whatever. It it be a precedent for anything, it is a prece-
dent lor the successful violation of the constitution, and not
for its just interpretation and execution. It is of that icbool
of political morality which declares that "where there is a
will, there is a way." it belongs to the Hoy le principle of
action—"where you are in doubt, take the*trick.'5 I say
this in no spirit of disrespect to Mr Jefferson.
Everybody knows that Mr. Jofl'er&on himself admitted
that, in the acquisition of Louisiana, he had done "an act
bevond the constitution,"' and that he repeatedly besought
his friends to procuie the adoption of an amendment to the
constitution to ratify the act. His views were such as no
unprejudiced mind can resist. "When I consider (said he)
that the limits of the United States are precisely f<-\ed by
the treaty of 1783. that the constitution expressly declares
itself to be made for the United States, I cannot help be-
lieving that the intention w as not to permit Congress to ad-
mit into the Union new States w hich should be formed out
of the tei ritoi y, for w hich and under whose authority alone
they were then acting. 1 do not believe it was meant that
thev might receive Lngland, Ireland, Holland, &c., into it^
A*nd \\ ho can doubt that Mr. Jefferson vvas right in this
judgment7 Who can imagine that the people of 17S9 in-
tended to make a constitution for any country but their own
country; or over dreamed that they weie giving authority
to their temporary representatives to yoke them in, to bind
up their fortunes forever, with any foreign nation which,
by its scrip or its land warrants, or by any other influence,
worthy or unwoithy, might have obtained favor in our le-
gislative councils'?
The honorable member from Alabama [Mr. Pava-h] con-
sidered this whole question settled by the expie&s authority
of Congress to 'admit new States." Even his interpreta-
tion of the constitution, however, would not cover the pres-
ent proposition. Here is territory to be acquired, as well
as a btate to be admitted. Indeed, the resolutions reported
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs make no pretension
to admitting Texas, or any part of it, as a State. Nor do
either of the pending amendments, They propose a mer$
