396
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 184g.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Winthrop.
H. of Reps.
acquisition of territory; and annihilate Texas as a State in
the very act of annexation. But the whole history and con-
text of the constitution forbid such an interpretation of the
power to admit new States, as the honorable member con-
tends for. At the-time of the formation of the constitution
there were large territories belonging to the States, oral-
ready ceded to the nation, out of which new States were to
be formed. The constitution itself was to go into effect
whenever ratified by nine States, and there was no knowing
how long the other four of the old thirteen might hold off.
These views are amply sufficient to fulfil the reasonable in-
tent of the clause giving authority to admit new States.
More than that, a proposition was expressly negatived in
the convention by which the constitution was framed by a
vote oi eight States to three, deelaring that "the legislature
of the United States shall have power to erect new State?
within as well as without the terriiory claimed by the sev-
eral States, or either of them, and admit the same into the
Union.'' And this was the very last vote before the adop-
tion of the clause in its present form !
An attempt has been made to derive an inference in favor
of this proceeding from the articles of confederation, and to
represent the power to admit new States into the Union as
a mere extension of the provision by which Canada and
other colonies might have been admitted into the old con-
federacy. But no such inference can be sustained for a mo-
ment by any one who looks to the contemporaneous con-
struction of this clause of the constitution by Mr. Madison,
in the Federalist:
"In the articles of confederation (says he) no provision is
found on this important subject. Canada was to be admit-
ted of right, on her joining fein the measures of the United
States and the other colonies, by which were evidently
meant the other British colonies, at the discretion of nine
States. The eventual establishment ofnew States seems to
have been overlooked by the compilers of that instrument.
We have seen the inconvenience of this omission, and the
assumption of power into which Congress have been led by
it. With great propriety, therefore, has the new system
supplied the defect. The general precaution, that no new
States shall be formed without the concurrence of the fede-
ral authority and that of the States concerned, is consonant
to the principles which ought to govern such transactions.
The particular precaution against the erection of new
States, by the partition of a State without its consent, quiets
the jealousy of the larger States, as that of the smaller is
quieted by a like precaution against a junction of States
without their consent."
Here, sir, is the whole commentary on the power to admit
new States, in the celebrated work by which the constitu-
tion was explained and recommended to the people. How
entirely it negatives the idea of any analogy between this
article ot the constitution and the Canada clause of the con-
federation1 How distinctly it asserts the difference between
admitting foreign colonies and admitting new States!
How plainly it implies; that the States to be admitted were
to be literally new States, established on our own national
territory, and under our own national authority ■ Who can
believe for a moment, after reading it, that the admission of
foreign States was within the most remote contemplation of
those by whom the provision was framed? How could Mr.
Madison have omitted all allusion to bueli an idea, if. m his
opinion, it were embraced within the legitimate construc-
tion of the clause!
Sir, there are other passages in Mr. Madison's masterly es-
say upon the constitution, equally conclusive as to the un-
derstanding of the framers ot the constitution. We all know
that one of th? great objections arrayed against the estab-
ment of our national government in 17S9, was drawn irom
the extent of country over which it v. as to operate. Not a
few of the people of that day considered it impossible that
a republican system could be rendered effective, even
throughout the whole torntory which we then possessed.
One of Mr. Madison's replies to this objection is full of sig-
nificance m regard to the constitutional question which we
are now considering.
"A second observation to be made (says he) is, that the im-
mediate object of the federal constitution, is to secure the
Union of the thirteen primitive States, which we know to
be practicable; and to add to them such other States, as
may arise m their own bosoms, or in their neighborhoods,
which we cannot doubt to be equally practicable. The ar-
rangements that may be necessary for those angles and
fractions of our .territory which lie on our northwestern
frontier must be left to those whom further discoveiies and
experience will render more equal to the task."
How irresistible is the inference from language like this !
The object of the constitution is stated to be, to secure the
union of the existing States, and to add to them such other
States as may arise m their own bosoms, or in their neigh-
borhood, w hile the only difficulty which is contemplated,
is declared to be in relation to "those angles and fractions
ol our territory which lie on our northwestern frontier."
There wore" compromises entered into, also at the adop-
tion of the constitution, utterly inconsistent with a con-
struction such as is now set up. The slave basis compro-
mise,which has been so often alluded to of late, and which
Massachusetts has been falsely accused of a design to vio-
late bpcan.sc she saw fit to exercise her constitutional pre-
rogative of proposing an amendment to the constitution,
was anauged w ith unquestionable reference to our country
•is it thnn wa« There was no Louisiana then. There was
no Florida then The great northwestern territory had
been dedicated to human liberty foiev ei, by the immortal
ordinance of 1787, an act which proved conclusively w hat
our fathers understood bv "an extension of the area of free-
dom " Slavery was nowhere regarded as a Messing; was
nowhere proclaimed (as it lias lccenlly l.cen proclaimed by
tire Secretary of State, in the correspondence to which this
subject has given occasion) "a political mstm.tioii, essen-
tial to the peace safety, and prosperity of those States oi
the Union in u hich it exists." Its gradual extinction, on the
other hand, was -hopefully and confidently predicted, it
was supposed that, as long as it continued, a great and
growing preponderance would be secured to theuee States,
and the three-fifths principle was admitted upon this under-
standing alone. This, at least, is my reading of the history
ofthose times.
Chairman, the constitution oftheUnUed States ceases
to be that constitution to which the States have assented,
both in relation to this and to others of its provisions, when
its authority is thus extended beyond the original sphere
for which it was designed. That instrument is as essential-
ly changed by a change of its parties, as by a change of its
provisions, and the same power is alone competent to both.
It is for the people alone, not by the equivocal expression
of a presidential election, but by the solemn forms prescrib-
ed by their own constitution, to say whether they will ad-
mit new members into their co-partnership, and upon what
terms. Nay, I doubt whether even an amendment of the
constitution, ratified even by three-fourths of the States,
ought to be considered as forcing the other fourth to sub-
mit to a measure of this sort The annexation of a foreign
nation to this nation, or of this nation to a foreign nation, is
a change of our country as well as a change of our constitu-
tion. It is bringing us into association with those with
whom we have never agreed to be associated. It is a new
compact, into which each individual State ought to have,
and has. the right of saying for itself whether it is willing
to enter, as fully as each State had originally the right of
saying whether it would enter into the compact which now
binds us together. If ever there was a question which ap-
pealed directly to State rights, this is it; and it will be a
mockery to suggest the existence of any such rights from
this time forth, it this measure can be consummated in defi-
ance of them. Massachusetts is not accustomed to indulge
in threats of disunion. They are the abundant products of
other soils. She loves the Union. In her name, I would
say, let the daj perish in which if shall be said "this Union
is dissolved;" let it not be joined unto the days of the year;
let it not come into the number of the months! The lan-
guage of her excellent governor, in a message received by
this morning's mail, is the language of all her citizens:
"Massachusetts, as a State, has ever maintained, and ever
will maintain, the w hole of the constitution of the United
States. All her people love and respect it. Hard and une-
qual as she considers this feature of that honored instrument,
she will bow to it with reverence so long as it remains the
supreme law of the land. She regards all the guaranties of
the constitution, whether they relate to the institutions of
the North or the South, as equally binding upon every mem-
ber of the Union. She will stand by the Union and the con-
stitution as they were formed, let them be assailed from
what qaarter they may, and with inviolable fidelity perform
all her obligations towards them."'
Massachusetts desires the establishment of no new con-
federation. Her sons would go to the formation of another
government, as the ancient Jews to the building of the sec-
ond temple, not w-ithout many tears at the remembrance of
the first. But, sir, the Union which they love, is the Union
as it is. And if there be anj thing which would shake that
attachment, anything which would absolve her and all the
States from their owed allegiance to the constitution, it is
precisely such an act as is now before us It may remain
to be seen, after its consummation, whether any of the
States will claim the advantage of such an absolution.
I come next, Mr. Chairman, to a consideration of the
mode in which the annexation of Texas is now proposed to
be accomplished. The forms of free government have often
been said to survive the substance; and 1 trust that not a few
of those who are willing to adopt this measure in the ab-
stract, w ill refuse to unite for that purpose in any palpable
infraction of constitutional forms. The resolution reported
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs is, in my judgment,
such an infraction; so palpable and so plain, that, as the
venerable Gallatin has said in his letter of last month, "one
may well fear to obscure that which is self-evident, bj'
adding any argument to the simple recital of the constitu-
tional provision, and of the proposed resolution.'"
Sir, if there be anything clear from the distribution of
powers contained in the constitution, it is that this House
has no authority whatever to make a treaty, compact, bar-
gain, settlement, call it what you will, w ith a foreign pow-
er. This House may be, and often is, called on to carry out
a treaty already made, by the appropriation of money or
otherwise; and gentlemen may differ as to how far we have
any discretion in such cases, and how far our obligation is
specific and positive to fulfil the provisions of a treaty. But,
so far as the making of the treaty is concerned, the whole
power is with the Piesident and Senate. "The President
shall have power, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to make treaties, provided two-thirds of the sena-
tors present concur." This is the language of the constitu-
tion.
And what are treaties'* "A treaty,'" says Thomas Jeffer-
son in his manual, "is a law of the land. It differs from other
laws only as it must have the consent ol a foreign nation,
being but a contract with recpect to that nation
"The essence of the legislative authority,'' says Alexan-
der Hamilton in the Federalist," is to enact laws, or, in oth-
er words, to piescribe rules for the legulation of the society,
while the execution of the law-J, and the emplov ment of the
common strength, ( ther for this purpose, or for the common
defence, seem to comprise all the functions of the executive
magistrate. The power of making treaties is., plainly, neither
the one nor the other. It relates neither to the execution of
the subsisting laws, nor to the enactment of new ones; and
stil less to an exertion of the common strength. Its objects
are contracts w ith foreign nation1?, which have the force of
law, but derive it from the obligations of good faith. They
are not rules presciibed by the sovereign to the subject, but
agreements between sovereign and sovereign/5
Such is the constitutional provision, and such i'S its inter
pretation by the leaders of the two gieat parties to which
the adoption of the constitution gave rise. It is thus the
Senate alone, the body in which the States have an equal
suffrage, guarantied to them forever, which can alone ad-
vise and consent to the ratification of any compact with a
foreign nation, and that body must do so by a two-thirds
vote, or not at all The doctrine of the constitution is, that
one-third of the States, though the smallest in the Union, if
they can obtain a single vote from any other State.may forbid
any alliance or compact whatever with other governments
The doctrine of the constitution is. also, that the functions of
this House, and of the legislative Congress of which it is a
branch, begin and end with domestic legislation, and reach
not one inch beyond our own established national bounda-
ries. Theie is no other partition line which can be drawn
between the legislative power and the treaty-making1 power;
and, if that line be once overthrown, all distinction between
the two departments is at an end. Yet here we have before
us the plain and undisguised proposition to enter into a com-
pact with another nation—a compact which has already
been submitted to the Senate as a treaty, and which ha 
been rejected by them as such. The chairman of the Com
mittee on Foreign Affairs has, indeed,-erased the word
"treaty" from his resolutions, and has substituted the word
"settlement." The honorable member from Ohio, too, in
his amendment, has omitted the word "settlement," and'has
substituted the parenthetical phrase "Texas consenting."
But neither words nor the omission of words can alter
things. Nor can consent give jurisdiction. Both resolu.
tions relate to lands, to laws, to property, to persons, out of
our own territory; and both attempt to do that which can-
not be done without the consent of another government.
No man pretends that this is not a transaction to which
there are two parties—one of them, the United States of
America; the other, an independent foreign nation. No man
pretends that both these parties must not agree toeether,
and make a compact or bargain, in order to render the
transaction complete. The chairman of Foreign Affairs
has expressly said, in his opening speech: "As it is a bar-
gain or contract with another country, it seems to me
that an arrangement, carefully digested, with the
agents of that country, authorized ad hoc, must be
the best mode, if not the only one." This admission deter-
mines the Whole question. It makes the transaction a treaty;
a treaty, it is true, anomalous in its character; annihilating
one of its parties; transcending the powers of the other; but
still a treaty in form, a treaty if any thing. And it gives to
these resolutions the character of a bold and unblusning at-
tempt to break down the barriers of the constitution by
overthrowing the legitimate authority oi the Senate.
And, Mr. Chairman, when the Senate of the United States
is thus about to be despoiled of its peculiar prerogative, for
the accomplishment of this particular act, it may not be
amiss to recall for a moment, in the language of one of the
fathers of the constitution, the views with which that
body was constituted, and that prerogative conferred
upon it:
"A fifth desideratum, (said James Madison,) illustrating
the utility of a Senate, is the want of a due sense of national
character. An attention to the judgment of other nations is
important to every government, for two reasons: the one is,
that, independently of the merits of any particular plan or
measure, it is desirable, on various accounts, that it should
appear to other nations as the offspring of a wise and honor-
able policy: the second is, that m doubtful cases, particu-
larly where the national councils may be warped by some
strong passion, or momentary interest, the presumed or
knownopinion of the impartial world may be the best guide
that can be followed. "What has not America lost by her
want of character with foreign nations'* And how many
errors and follies would she not have avoided, if the justice
and propriety of her measures had, in eveiy instance, been
previously tried by the light in which they would probably
appear to the unbiassed part of mankind."
Again, says the same eminent statesman and patriot, in
the same connection:
"As the cool and deliberate sence of the community
ought, in all governments, and actually will, in all free
governments, ultimately prevail over the views of its
rulers; so there are particular moments in public affairs,
when the people, stimulated by some irregular passion,
or some illicit advantage, or misled by the artful mis-
representations of interested men, may call for meas*
ures which they themselves will afterwards be the most
ready to lament and condemn. In these critical mo-
ments, how salutary will be the interference of some tem-
perate and respectable body of citizens, in order to check
the misguided career, and to vsuspend the blow meditated by
thc people against themselves, until re&son, justice, and
truth can regain their authority over the public mind/"
Such were the views with which the Senate of the United
States was established, and such the views with which it
was intrus ted with the treaty-making power; and if there
were ever an occasion which illustrated the wisdom of this
feature of the constitution, and commended it to the respect
and support of all good citizens, this, this is it.
"When was there ever exhibited a greater want of a due
sense of national character than in the course of this Tex-
ian negotiation'* When was there ever manifested a more
wanton disposition to defy the judgment of other nations,
to outrage the opinion of the civilized world, and to shut
the eyes to the light in which the acts of this government
must appear to the unbiased part of mankind, than in the
means by which this measure has been pursued, and m the
motives m which it avowedly originated? "When were ir-
regular passions, illicit advantages, and artful misrepresent-
ations ot interested men, more plainly at work than now, in
stimulating the clamor with which the immediate annexa-
tion of Texas is demanded? When was the intervention of
some conservative body more needed, until rr-ason, justice,
and truth can regain their authority over the public mind?
Sir, these passages have seemed to me to savor of an almost
prophetic application to the service which the Senate are
called on to discharge at the present crisis. Let me rather
say, to the service which they have already and nobly dis-
charged, and for which that body deserves other recom-
pense than to be so rudely stripped of its hitherto unques-
tioned constitutional prerogative:
The honorable member fiom Alabama [Mr. Belser] de-
nies, howev er. that this proceeding is any encroachment on
the authority of the Senate and has made an effort to pro-
duce some precedents of what he calls legislative tieaties.
One class of caies to which he referred was that of com-
pacts with our own States for the cession of lands. Who
can pretend that these are treaties* The whole ideaofa
treaty under our constitution, as I have already proved, is
a compact with a foreign power. And the States of this
Union have never been called foreign in relation to the
general government, or even foreign in relation to each
other, unless in certain recent resolutions of South Caro-
lina, of which possibly something may be hecrd from Mas-
sachusetts hereafter, but to which I shall make no allesion
now. The general government, I presume, may purchase
lands of a State, as well as of any other corporation or iadi<
