Feb. 1845-
38th Cong 2d Sess.
AJM^SDlDlX TU THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•Annexation of Texas—Mr. Huntington.
397
Senate.
fidtial, for constitutional purposes-, but such a purchase is no
©ore a treaty in one case than in the other.
The honorable member referred us next to a law of which
lie was particular in giving us the volume and page. (Laws
ofthe United States, 3d volume, page 56-2.) Why, sir, this
is an act for taking possession oi Louisiana, after the ratifi-
cation of the treaty 1
His next illustration of legislative treaties w as a resolu-
tion oHath January, 1811—a resolution which was pass-
ed by both branches m secret session, and which was
withheld from publication for a long period after its pas-
sage. This resolution, JVlr. Chairman, contains interesting
and edifying matter, and with the leave of the committee,
I will read it:
"Resolution.—Taking into view the peculiar situation of
Spain, and of her American provinces, and considering the
influence which the destiny of the territory adjoining the
southern border of the United States may have upon their
security, tranquillity, and commerce, therefore,
"Resolced by the Senate and House of Representutiie of the
Untied States of .Jjwni a in Congress assembled, That the
United States, under the peculiar circumstances of the ex-
isting crisis, cannot, without serious mequietude, see any
part of the said territory pass into the hands of any foreign
power; and that a due regard to their own safety compels
them to provide, under certain contingencies, fo'r the tem-
f>orary occupation of the said territory: they, at the same
time, declare that the said territory shall, in their hands, re-
main subject to future negotiation."
I am at a loss to perceive, sir, in what part of this resolu-
tion any part ol the character of a treaty is to be found,
legislative or otherwise. 1 am glad it has been alluded to,
however, as it affords the best possible illustration of what
the Congress of 1811 understood by that law of neces&ity,
that right of self-preservation, which has been so often ap-
pealed to m justification of the measure before us. The res-
olution provides only for a temporary occupation of the
Florida territory, and, instead of setting Spam at defiance,
expressly declares that the said territory shall remain sub-
ject to future negotiation.
But the honorable member from Alabama alluded, lastly,
to cases of commercial regulation. These cases undoubt-
edly are somewhat peculiar in their character, but they are
clearly distinguishable from treaties. Congress, in the pas-
sage of such acts, undertakes to do nothing to which the
consent of another government is necessary. "We impose
certain duties, for instance, or open ceitain ports, con-
d.tionally upon the action of foreign governments We
can impose the same duties, or open the same ports,
without any such condition. We can make the same
regulations, subject to any other condition of time or
circumstance, as well as subject to the legislation of a for-
eign government. The concurrent or reciprocal legisla-
tion of another nation is a mtre motive, in view of which
lveprocecd to pass acts to which weare entirely competent
of ourselves, which operate only within our own bounda-
ries, and v Inch the consent of no other party is necessary
to complete. The whole doctiine ofthe distinction between
the legislative and the treaty-making power, however, has
been laid down by the present Secretary of State with so
much precision and power, that I will detain the committee
no Longer upon it myself, but will proceed to read some ex-
tracts of the speech of Mr Calhoun on the commercial trea-
ty with Great Biitam, in the House of Representatives,
January 8. 1816. (See Klliott's Debates, volume iv, page
273)
"He would establish, he trusted, to the satisfaction ofthe
House, that the treat)-making power, when it was legiti-
mately exerci&ed, alv. ays did that which could not be done
by law.
"Why cannot Congress make peace7 They have the
power to make war. * * Why cannot Congress,
then, repeal the act making war? He acknowledged with
thegentieman. they cannot consistently with reason. *
* The reason is plain; one pow er may make war; it re-
quires two to make peace. * * It required a contract
or a treaty between the nations at war. Is this peculiar to
a treaty of peace? No; it is common to all treaties. It
arises out of their natuie, and not fiom any incidental cir-
cumstances attaching itselt to any particular class. It is no
more nor less than that Congiess cannot make a contract
*ith a foreign nation. •* * * Whenever, then,
ail ordinary subject of legislation can only be regulated by
contract, it passes from the sphere of the ordinary power of
making laws, and attaches itself to that of making treaties,
wherever it is lodged *• * + Whatever, then,
concerns our foreign relations, whatever requires the con-
sent of another nation, belongs to the treaty power; can
only be regulated by it; and it is competent to regulate all
such subjects, provided—and here aieits true limits—such
regulations are not inconsistent with the constitution.
T * Jt has for its object contiacts with for-
eign nations; as the powers of Congress have for their ob-
ject whatever can be done in relation to the powers dele-
gated to it without the consent of foreign nations. Each in
itsproper sphere operates with genial influence*, but when
they become erratic, then they are protentous and danger-
ous. A treaty never can legitimately do that which can be
done bylaw; and the converse is also true. Suppose the
discriminating duties repealed on both sides by law: yet
whatis effected by this treaty would not even then be don«;
the plighted faith be wanting. Either side might repeal its
law without a breach of contract. Jt appeared to him that
gentlemen qre too much influenced on thus subject by the
example of Great Britain. Instead of looking to the nature
oi our government, they ha\e been swayed in their opinion
ty the practice of that government, to which we are but too
niuch in the habit of looking for precedents
But % e are now told, Mr. Chairman, that Texas was once
6 part of our own territory, ceded to us by France in 1803:
that this is, therefore, no question of original annexation;
that we are only about to reclaim and reannex it. Sir, we
have often heard of the magic power of words before now;
but the question before us will be a lasting illustration of
the mighty magic of syllables. There were two editions of
a memorable letter to the people ol Carroll county, Ken-
tacky, published last Spring: the first was a letter relative
to the annexation of Texas; the second was a letter relative
tfec of They were published within
a few weeks of each other, and prove how much importance
importance is attached to this monosyllabic after-thought.
' tirV , friends of this measure had exhibited half as
much ofthe "$uavit*r in modo," as they have ofthe "fortitcr
m >•?, jt would have been better, far better for the honor of
our country.
my hour is on the point of expiring, and I must leave
ail further remark upon the subject to another opportunity.
1 rejoice to believe that this is not the last time of asking
in relation to this abhorrent union, and that we are not call-
ed on to declare oui objections to it now, under the penalty
ol forever after holding our peace. Meantime, circum-
stances may have changed before the measure is presented
to us again. It may come before the country in a more
constitutional shape. It may involve less danger of
war. It may involve less encroachment on the rights of
others. Objections of a temporary and formal character
may have been removed. But I am unwilling to resume my
seat without saying, that no such change of circumstances
will alter the case forme. Iam against annexation, now
and always—
Because I believe it to be clearly unconstitutional in sub-
stance;
Because I believe it will break up the balance of our sys-
tem, violate the compromises ofthe constitution, and endan-
gei the permanence of our Union;
Ajid, above all, because I am uncompromisingly opposed
to the extension of domestic slavery, or to the addition of
another inch of slaveholding territory to this nation.
SPEECH OF MR. HUNTINGTON,
OF CONNECTICUT,
In Senate, February 21 and 22, 1845—On the resolution for
the annexation of Texas.
The resolution for the annexation of Texas to the United
States, and for her admission into the Union, being under
consideration, Mr. HUNTINGTON addressed the Senate as
follows:
Mr. President: If the illustrious men who framed the
constitution under which we are here assembled could
have risen from their graves, and heard what we have heard
on different days for several days past, they would have
been filled with surprise not only, but with perfect astonish-
ment. Washington, and Madison, and Hamilton, and Sher-
man, and Morris, with their associates, were selected by
the people of the United States to foim a constitution for
that people, to be adopted or rejected by them. Hence the
preamble commences: '-We, the people of the United
States/5 It subsequently declares that they "ordain and
establish this constitution for the United States of Ameri-
ca," and states its object to be ''to form a more perfect
Union, establish justice, ensure domestic tranquillity, pro-
vide for the common defence, promote the general welfare,
and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and ourpos-
terity." The constitution thus framed, was ordained and
established by and for a people who had gone through a
long and bloody war to achieve their independence; for a
people of the same blood, habits, feelings, and pursuits, and
who had united in a common cause to accomplish the same
glorious object. It was not ordained for a foreign nation—
for a people who had no sympathies with those who fought
the battles of the revolution, and secured the independence
of their country; who had no identity of feeling, and inter-
est, and object with them; who were not united with them
in the common bond of suffering, of danger, and of triumph
Ifwas established for the people of the United States and
their posterity In this view, now gieat would be the sur-
prise of the statesmen and patriots who affixed their signa-
tures to that constitution, if they could burst the cerements
ofthe grave, and, standing in this chamber, should listen to
the interpretations which are given to this their mighty
work, within little more than fifty years from the time of its
completion; should hear the claims for power and authority
which are asserted, and the right maintained to transform a
constitution made for the United States and the people
thereof and their posterity, into a constitution for the peo-
ple of Texas, of South America, for people of every color,
and language, and habits, who might dwell on this or any
other continent, oi on the islands of the sea. And yet all
this, if present, they would hear. Well, then, does it be-
come Senators to inquire whether these new, unheard of,
and dangerous doctrines shall prevail, and to raise the
voice of remonstrance and protest against them* No
one can overrate the importance of this subject, or fully
comprehend the magnitude of the results which de-
pend upon it. The country has passed through many
severe trials, and encountered many formidable ob-
stacles in its onward march to greatness and glory.
It has been, at different periods, in great danger from hereti-
cal doctrines attempted to be practically carried out m its
legislative and executive proceedings. But never—no, nev-
er before has it reached such a crisis as at present exists.
We stand now on the very outermost edge of the piecipice.
A single step further may precipitate us into an immeasura-
ble gulf from whence the prospect of return may, perhaps
will, be hopeless. Hasty and inconsiderate legislation may
be in general corrected; many unconstitutional enactments
may be rendered nugatory by the firmness and independ-
ence ofthe Supreme Court. Executive usurpation or in-
discretion may be checked; but this resolution, which, it
seems to me, strikes at the foundations of the constitution,
should it pass, will lead to results from which I fear we can
never extricate ourselves. If this precedent shall be estab-
lished, there is no constitutional barrier which may not be
overleaped. If Texas can be annexed to the Union by a
mere legislative act, there is nothing forbidden to legisla-
tive authority, and there is no legislative usurpation which
may not be successfully practised. Well might the honor-
able senator from Virginia [Mr. ftiv>s] say that this is a
subject of transcendent importance. It 'is more important,
in my judgment, than any one which has" engaged the delib-
erations of the Senate since that glorious constitution was
framed; which gave to it its powers, and imposed upon it its
duties and its responsibilities. It is a subject which takes
hold of interests vast and overwhelming. It affects our na-
tional honor, ciedit, character, harmony, peace, prosperity;
it may be our national Union. And it is on such a subject
that J propose to occupy a portion of the tm of the senates
and even while I am speaking a-further opportunity will he
aflorded for examination, reflection, and a just decision. On
many of the topics connected with this subject 1 have here-
tofore had the honor of expressing my opinion, while the
treaty with Texas was under consideration in executive
session, and although it can hardly be expected, after the
full discussion which it has undergone here and elsewhere,
that anything new can be added, still the immense impor-
tance of the subject, and of the consequences which may
follow from the adoption of the resolution, as well as the
duty devolved on rue by the patriotic Commonwealth to
which I am Indebted for so many proofs of confidence, de-
mand of me that I should speak for my constituents, and in
their name and behalf raise a warning voice against this
usurpation of authority—against a course of legislation cal-
culated to break down the guaranties of the constitution,
and leading to the most dangerous, if not fatal, results.
The resolution adopted by the House of Representatives,
which we are requested to sanction, and which is now un-
der consideration, is as follows:
"JOINT RESOLUTION declaring the terms on which Con-
gress will admit Texas into the Union as a State.
"Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in' Congress assembled, That
Congress doth consent that the territory properly included
within, and rightfully belonging to, the republic of Texas,
maybe erected into a new State, to be called the State of
Texas, with a republican form of government, to be adopt-
ed by the people of said republic, by deputies in conven-
tion assembled, with the consent of the existing govern-
ment, in order that the same may be admitted as one ol the
States of this Union.
"Sec 2 And be it further resolved, That the foregoing Con-
sent of Congress is given upon the following conditions,
and with the following guaranties, to wit:
"First. Said State to be formed, subject to the adjustment
by this government of all questions of boundary that may
arise with other governments; and the constitution thereof,
with the proper evidence of its adoption by the people of
said republic of Texas, shall be transmitted to the President
ofthe United States, to belaid before Congress for its final
action, on or before the first day of January, one thousand
eight hundred and forty-six.
"Second Said State, when admitted into the Union, after
ceding to the United States all public edifices, fortifications,
barracks, ports and harbors, navy and navy yards, docks,
magazines, arms, armaments, and all other property and
means pertaining to the public defence, belonging to said re-
public of Texas, shall retain all the public funds, debts, taxes,
and dues of every kind, which may belong to or be due or ow-
ing said republic; and shall also retain all the vacant and un-
appropriated lands lying within its limits, to be applied to the
payment of the debts and liabilities of said republic of
Texas, and the residue of said lands, after discharging said
debts and liabilities, to be disposed of as said State may di-
rect; but in no event are said debts and liabilities to become
a charge upon the government of the United States.
"Third. New States, of convenient size, not. exceeding
four in number, in addition to said State of Texas, and having
sufficient population, may hereafter, by the consent of said
State, be formed out of the territory thereof, which shall
be entitled to admission under the provisions of the fedcial
constitution. And such States as may be formed out of that
portion of said territory lying south of Uuily-s>ix degrees
thirty minutes north latitude, commonly known as the
Missouri compromise line, shall be admitted into the Union,
with or without slavery, as the people of each State asking
admission may deshe. And m such State or States as shall
be formed out of s-iid territory north of said Missouri com-
promise line, slavery or involuntary servitude (except for
crimes) shall be prohibited."
To the adoption of this resolution there are three distinct
objections.
I. The government of the United States has no constitu-
tional power, in any form, to admit an independent foreign
government into the Union.
II. If such apower does exist, it cannot be exerted in
the form of an act or joint resolution of Congress. The
territory must iiist be acquired by the executive depart-
ment—the treaty-making power; and then (if at all) a State
is to be made of it by the action of the legislative depart-
ment.
IIT. If this power does exist, and may be exerted in the
form of a treaty, or of an act, or of a resolve of Congress.it
would be unwise and dangerous to exercise it in the pres-
ent case.
On the first objection to this resolution I shall not en-
large. It is not necessary (for the purposes of tins discus-
sion) to deny the power to acquire foreign terntoiy by pur-
chase, conquest, or by any other mode sanctioned by the
law of nations and the constitution of the United States. It
may be admitted that such a power is inherent in, or inci-
dental to, the sovereignty of every nation; but to purchase
and acquire a foreign independent government, for the pur-
pose of annexing it to and making it a part of this Union, is
not within the constitutional powers of this government.
This point, however, has been so fully and ably discussed
by my friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate] that I will
not dwell upon it, but will leave it upon that gentleman's
conclusive argument.
1 proceed to consider the second objection to this resolu-
tion, which I have before stated, and which is this* 11 foi-
eign territory can be acquired, or a foreign nation, including
its people and territoiy, can be acquired, for the purpose of
being incorporated into the Union, and to be made a State,
with all the privileges of the old States, and to be governed
by a constitution established for the people of the United
Sidles and their posterity, and can be leceived jnto the
Union infufilment of such purposes, it can be accompiished
only m the form of a treaty, or what is equivalent ton treaty,
and by the treaty-making power alone first acquiring the.
territory, and then, in the form of legislation, and by act or
resolution of Congress, admitting it as a State into the
Union. 1 do not understand it to be claimed that the object
proposed by the joint resolution can be lawfully attained
unless it ke authorized by that clause in the constitution
which provides that the President shall have power, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties,
provided two-third* ofthe senators present concur; or by tji&t
