398
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•Annexation of Texas—Mr. Huntingto
other clause which declares that new States may be admit-
ted by Congress into this Union; or by the exercise of the
^Jkority C0Qtained in each clause in the form proscribed.
power exist at ail, it must be found in one or the other
or both these clauses, and the resolution before us assumes
the authority to be vested m Congress alone to admit Texas
into the Union. The question, then, is, whether the power
given to Congress to admit new States extends, to the pres-
ent case, and is a legitimate exercise of it. Its constitutional
exercise, in the form and for the purposes proposed in the
resolution, is asseited, the passage of the resolution by the
House of Representatives affirms it, and it is maintained bv
distinguished members of this body, ft will be proper first
to state the argument urged by the advocates of the resolu-
tion; and 1 will endeavor to state it fully and fairly, and then
attempt to answer it. The right to admit Texas into the
Union by the legislation of Congress is derived from that
section of the constitution which declares that "new States
may be admitted by the Congress into this Union." It is said
that the j^ower is general, unrestricted, unlimited as to for-
eign territory or nations; that the only qualification of or
restriction which is imposed upon the exercise of the power
has relation to existing States, and not to States to be formed
out of territory forming no part oi such States; that the lim-
itation is, "no new State shall be formed or erected within
the jurisdiction of any other State, nor any State be formed
by the junction of two or more States or parts of States,
without the consent of the legislature of the States concern-
ed, as well as of the Congress," that the power now claim-
ed to be exercised is expressed in language clear, precise,
and unequivocal; that the constitution confers on Congress
the authority to admit new States not within the jurisdic-
tion of existing States, nor within their territorial limits
without restraint; and that any limitation of it would be in
opposition to the terms and obvious import of the instru-
ment—an interpolation of material words, changing the form
and substance of the section, and a clear violation of the rule
of law which declares that that is not to be interpreted
which needs no interpretation, and that the meaning of the
constitutional provision is to be ascertained from the words
used, giving to them full effect, according to their ordinary
and plain acceptation, rather than from what may be sup-
posed or conjectured to have been the intent and object of
the framers of the provision, which the words used do not
justify, or which they contradict. In short, that a denial of
the power claimed can only be maintained by inserting in
the clause words of limitation confining the admission of
new States to such as are to be formed of territory within
the limits of the United States—a limitation unauthorized by
the words found in the clause, and opposed to all the estab-
lished rules of construction applicable to such a case. This,
in substance, is the argument ol senators who have address-
ed the Senate in favor of concurring in this resolution. I
shall reply to it fully, and I hope satisfactorily.
I will not now stop to insist upon the propriety of apply-
ing to this argument the romaik that it is lounded on a lit-
eral interpretation of the clause m the constitution; that
such an interpretation ought to be made, subservient to the
just rule that the object oi its framers should be carried out,
when ascertained; that confining ourselves to the mere
words of an instrument would olten involve us in difficul-
ties. and be m opposition to its spirit; and that "he who
sticks in the letter sticks in the back.*' There is sufficient
room for the application of the rule just referred to to this
resolution, but I have not time to dwell upon it, and there-
fore waive it for the present.
My first answer to the interpretation given to this section
providing foi the admission of new States is, that there is
no precedent for it. This constitution has been in operation
more than fifty years, and this is the first attempt ever made
to incorporate a foreign government, territoiy, and people
into our Union. The fact that no such precedent can be
found furnishes very high evidence of the general, if not
universal, opinion of the people of the United States now,
and at all times heretofore, as to the extent of the power
conferred by the section. It shows that the meaning how
for the Srst time given to it is no\el, having nothing m the
past to justify it, and is without the support of precedent or
analogy. After such a lapse of time, and m the absence of
all authority from the practice of the government, it is not
going too far to say that the power assumed has not the
sanction of the constitution, being novel and unprecedented,
as well as unsafe and dangerous.
But all the piecedents aie opposed to the power asserted
by this resolution, at least so far as there are any precedents
for the admission of new States into the Union formed from
territory not originally within the limits of the United
States. We have never acquired one foot of foreign terri-
tory except through the agency of the treaty-making pow-
er The wise men who framed the constitution, and who
subsequently interpreted it, understood perfectly the dis-
tinction, the clear, obvious distinction, between the admis-
sion of a State by Congress, after the territory had heen ac-
quired by treaty, and the acquisition of that territory by a
previous exercise of the executive power. Louisiana and
Florida, parts of the possessions of foreign governments,
were first acquired by treaty, and then Congress, by virtue
of its power, acted in reference to the formation of States
from them. This practice of the government it. strong evi-
dence of the views entertained by the wise men and patriots
of former days on the subject now under our consideration,
it shows clearly how accurately they distinguished be-
tween the power to acquire foreign territory by treaty and
the power to admit new States by the legislation of Con-
gress. Would it not be bettei for u  to avail ourselves of
the wisdom of oui predecessors, and to follow m the path
of safe precedents, rather than to abandon both, and launch
out on the ocean of untried and at least doubtful experi-
ments? It has been s<aid, however, that Vermont and Rhode
Island and North Carolina have been admitted by Congress
into the Union, and that they were foreign States, at least so
far as relates to the question under debate, and as much so
as Texas. This suggestion has received a most satisfactory
answer from senators who have preceded me The States
named were in no sense foreign States: they were within
the acknowledged limits of the United States; their people
were the companions in arms of those who fought for our
independence; they aided most efficiently and gallantly in
that great struggle which made us free of foreign domina-
flW; U jr werv   pertiea of tho peopl* of ft® fcT#ite«
Feb. 1845.
Senate.
provision was made, in express terms, for the representation
of two of the States in the Congress ol the United States,
and for the ratification of the constitution by them, and for
the people of all of them, and for their posterity, was that
constitution ordained, to secure to them justice, domestic
tranquillity, dcfence, welfare, and the blessings of liberty.
These States had only to ratify the constitution, (which
they did,) and then they became States of the Union. Could
Texas do the same1 Can any and every foreign government
ratify that instrument, and entitle itself to admission "into
the Union? But another answer may be given to this ex-
traordinary statement, (as I cannot but consider it,) that
North Carolina and Rhode Island, before they came into the
Union, were foreign States, as much so as Texas, for the
purposes of the present question.
By the seventh article of the constitution, the ratification
of the conventions of nine States was sufficient for its estab-
lishment between the States so ratifying it. Consequently
the government created by it might go into operation upon
the ratification by that number. New Hampshire was the
ninth State which assented. Were Virginia and New York,
which subsequently ratified the constitution, foreign States''
The statement of the question furnishes the answer. And
yet they were as much foreign States as North Corolina and
Jpiode Island, which ratified at a sribiequent period. The
time of the ratification did not affect the power to ratify.
Those States were distinguished members of the confedera-
tion. They came into the Union at alater period than some
of their sister States, but they, and Vermont also, came in
by virtue of their right to do so upon adopting the constitu-
tion, and they were no more foreign to the Union than Mas-
sachusetts or Connecticut, with whom they had united in
the successful struggle for liberty.
As no precedent is to be found for the exercise of the pow-
er now claimed, so also there is no opinion, until at quite a
recent period, to be found in support of it, unless it be that
of Mr. Nicholas, expressed in his letter to Mr Jefferson, and
it may be well doubted whether he intended to go as far as
this resolution attempts to do. It is quite clear that Mr.
Jefferson, so far as we know, changed no opinion of his pre-
viously entertained on the subject of the admission of new
States He had maintained that there was no power given
by the constitution to admit a foreign State into the Union.
He, however, acquiesced in the annexation of Louisiana,
but he did not admit the right to annex. The authority of
Mr. Macon has been urged in favor of the power now claim-
ed; but the senator from Virginia [Mr Riye^] had shown
very satisfactorily that he did not assert that anv such pow-
er existed in the constitution Mr. Macon maintained the
cousti utionality of admitting Louisiana into the Union after
it had been acquired through the treaty-making power, and
had become a territory of the United States, and it was "the
right of creating States out of acquired territories for which
he had always contended."
But the opinions of our distinguished statesmen, so far as
they have been expressed, until recently, are opposud to the
construction which this resolution assumes to be a just one
of this clause of the constitution. I shall not repeat what
has been said of the views of Mr. Jefferson, Mr Madison,
Mr. Morris, and others. They are full and conclusive against
the power claimed. And with the opinions of such men,
opposed by none until since the agitation of this Texas an-
nexation, shall we insist upon being wiser than the men of
all generations since the adoption of the constitution"? Is
not the aigument entitled to great w eight that all who have
spoken or written on the subject of the admission of new-
States into the Union have denied the powerto adnutfoieign
nations into our confederacy? And u ithout precedent and
against it, without opinions m favor, and m opposition
to the w hole current of opinion against the power, shall
we now, ana under existing ciicumstances, be the first to
assert it?
I am desrous, however, before leaving this part of the sub-
ject, which lias relation to the opinions of distinguished
statesmen, to advert to those of men of more modern times,
which clearly and forcibly point out the distinction between
the legislative and treaty-making powers, and which, bv
necessary inference, (in my judgment,) deny the powerto
Congress to admit a foreign natiou into the Union. Upon
recurring to the teims of the resolution, proposed for our
adoption, it will be seen that Congress assents to theadmis-
sion of Texas into the Union upon certain specified condi-
tions and guaranties. The United States, by means of this
resolution, propose to Texas to become a member of the
Union, and agree to her admission, if she will comply with
certain conditions. We therefore propose the terms of a
contract—we make proposals and invite acceptance; they
are made to a foreign independent government in the form
of a legislative resolution. If accepted, and the final favor-
able action of Congress is had upon them, the contract is
consummated—it is executed, and the foreign government
ceases to exist, and is transformed into a State of the Union.
Can such a contract be made, under our constitution, by
Congress? or must the annexation be first made by treaty,
and the State then be admitted by Congress? This is the pre-
cise question presented by this resolution, and the opinions
to which I am now to advert, on the distinction between the
treaty-making and the legislative pow er, will, I think, show
the unconstitutionality of this resolution. In the debate on
the commercial treaty with Great Britain, in the House of
Representatives in 1816, Mr. Calhoun is reported to have ;
&aid:
"He would establish, he trusted, to the satisfaction of the j
House, that the treaty-making power, when itwaslegiti- ■
mately exercised, always did that which could not be done
bv law "One power may make war, it re- •
quires two to make peace. It is a state of mutual amity
succeeding hostility ; it is a state that cannot be created but
with the consent of both parties. It required a contract or
a treaty between the nations at war Is this peculiar to a
treaty of peace7 No; it is common to all treaties. It arises
out of their nature, and not from any incidental circum-
stance attaching itself to a particular class. It is no more
or less than that Congress cannot make a contract with a
foreign nation. Let us apply it to a treaty of commerce,
to this very case. Can Congress do what this treaty has
done? It has repealed the discriminating duties between
this country and England. Either could by law repeal its
own. But by law they could go no further, and for the
gam vet&w that j)«c-e cannot ba wa-Je by l w, Whenever,
then, an ordinary subject of legislation can only be resru-
lated by contract, it passes from the sphere of the ordinary
power of making laws, and attaches itself to that of inakinK
treaties, wherever it is lodged." * * * * "Most cer
tainly all grants of power under the constitution must be
controlled by the instrument; for, having their existence
from it, they must of necessity assume that form which the
constitution has imposed. This is acknowledged to be true
of the legislative power, and it is doubtless equally so of
the power to make treaties." + * *   "Whatever, then,
concerns our foreign relations, whatever requires the con-
sent of another nation, belongs to the treaty power, can
only be regulated by it, and it is competent to regulate all
such subjects, provided—and here are its true limits—such
regulations are not inconsistent with the constitution."
* * * * "Besides these constitutional limits, the treaty
power, like all others, has other limits, derived from its ob-
ject and nature. It has for its object contracts with foreign
nations, as the powers of Congress have for their object
whatever can be done in relation to the powers delegated to
it, without the consent of foreign nations. ' Each in its
proper sphere operates with genial influence, but when
they became erratic, then they are portentous and danger-
ous. A treaty never can legitimately do that which can be
done by law, and the converse is also true.''
Mr. Pinkney said:
•'It is clear that the power of Congress as to foreign com-
merce is only what it professes to be in the constitution—a
legislative power, to be exerted municipally, without con-
sultation or agreement with those with whom we have an
intercourse of trade. It is undeniable that the constitution
meant to provide for the exercise ot another power relative-
ly to commerce, which should exert itself m concert with
the analogous power in other countries, and should-bring
its results, not by a statute enacted by itself, but by an in-
ternational compact called a treaty; that it is manifest that
this other power is vested by the constitution in the Pi esident
and Senate, the only department of the government which it
authorizes to make any treaty, and which it enables to
make all treaties."
These extracts require no comment. They affirm that
contracts with loreign powers are without the jurisdiction
of the legislature—tney belong to the treaty powerj that
every granted power must be construed with reference to
the constitution taken as a whole; and that whatever re-
quires the consent of another nation, and is to be regulated
by contract, pa-ses from the legislative to the treaty-making
pow er. Commercial regulations, which have been held up
in this debate as legislative contracts, are in no sem-e such.
While in force they do, indeed, operate incidentally upon
the citi7ens of foreign nations when w ithm our jurisdiction,
but their diiect operation is only -within our own limits,
and they may be repealed atpleasuie Hence they aie not
contracts, but legislative regulations, affecting only such as
are within our jurisdictional limits, which are the legiti-
mate boundaries of all legislative acts.
Keepaig in view, then, this plain distinction between the
treaty-making and the legislative power, 1 inquire whether
this resolution, providing for the admission of Texas into
the Union, be a contracts whether it concerns our foreign,
relations? whether it requires the consent of another na-
tion? If these questions be answered in the affirmative,
then the subject embraced by the resolution belongs to the
treaty, not to the legislative power. That this lesolution
j j contains all the elements of a contract, is too plain to require
argument I shall have occasion to notice this point more
particularly heieafter. I content myself at present v.ith
offering what, indeed, is self evident, that by this resolution
we enter into stipulations with Texas, which not oidy are
in the nature of, but in themselves constitute, a contract,
■which becomes operative when it hereafter receives the
sanction of Congress: and if so, then to the opinions of Mr.
Jefferson, Mr. Madison, and others of a more remote period
against the power, we have those, at a later day of others
of our distinguished statesmen.
To the precedents and opinion'?, uniform and decided,
against the exercise of the assumed power implied in this
resolution, may be added the contemporaneous exposition
of the meaning of this clause of the constitution when un-
der discussion in the convention, as well as all that portion
of our past history which relates to it. I shall not repeat
the masterly analysis ol the proceedings of the comentiou
touching this matter which was presented by my friend
from Virgiuia, [Mr. Riaes.] I desire only to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to one very prominent circumstance con-
nected with this part of theii pioceedmgs.
The resolution of Gov. Randolph, which limited the pow-
er to admit States to "States lawfully arising within the
limits of the United States," had received the sanction of
the convention, on different occasions, without a dissenting
voice In this the members were all united. Now, is it
credible that they should have adopted the change of
phraseology suggested by Mr. Moiris, and which is now
substantially the language used in the ,constitution, if they
supposed that the meaning had been entirely changed-—
and this, too, unanimously1 Did they believe that they
| i w ere removing a restriction which they hod repeatedly de-
■ j cided should continue, when they agreed to a change of the
,i words which had been used? and is it possible that this
it should have been done without a remark, or the slightest
;l opposition to snch a radical change, and with the concur*
^ rence of eveiy member? This is incredible. They were
; i men of intelligence, who knew the use and the meaning of
j words, audit is as clear as the ljght of day that they must
•; have understood the change of words a? making no change?
[ i of meaning; that the tw o forms of expressioh were substan*
tially the same, and intended to convey the same idea; and
the debates on these propositions, referred to by the senator
from Virginia, elucidate and strengthen the views thus ex-
pressed. I willnot enlaige on them. It may be added, how-
ever, that the controversy was not* whether foreign States
out of the limits of the United States should be admitted
into the Union. Against this the convention had provided;
hut the contest was between the large and the small States,
as to the creation of new SStates within the limits or juris-
diction of existing States, without the consent of the latter:
and it was upon this point, as connected with this clause in
' the constitution, that there was a division of opinion in the "
co Y? U$B. SefiUe*, no 4esir§ frji
