400
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845,
28th Cong..., 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Huntington.
Senate.
If Texas be now admitted into the Union, can she have sen-
ators to represent her possessing the requisite qualification
of citizenship? Her people are now citizens of Texas—
citizens ot a foreign government. Up to the time of her
admission they are foreigners. Does the admission convert
those who have not been citizens of the United States for a
day or an hour into citizens for nine years'? This would be,
indeed, both a creating and a transferring power which it
would be absurd to insist on. In what manner, then, can
Texas be represented in the Senate ' Only by calling
"within her limits two citizens of the United States who
have been such for nine years, and electing them to be sen-
ators. And so the result will be, that Texas, when admit-
ted and entitled to two senators and two representatives,
must remain unrepresented both in the Senate and the
House, until she can induce citizens of the United States
having the constitutional qualifications to come within her
limits, become inhabitants of the State of Texas, and rep-
resent her in the councils of the nation. Did the farmers of
the constitution anticipate such a result as this ? Did they
suppose that when a State was admitted into the Union it
might be necessary to import citizens of other States to
make senators and representatives of them} Surely not.
And yet if this resolution pa^s, and Texas be made a State,
she must either be unrepresented or she must be represent-
ed by those who were not her citizens at the time of her
admission, or by those who are not constitutionally qualifi-
ed. It has been asked, how were the States represented at the
organization of the government? Were their senators per-
sons who had been nine years citizens of the United States,
and their representatives those who had been seven years
such citizens. I answer, they were. They had been cit-
izens for a much longer period. They were neither aliens
nor denisens, but members of our family, and citizens both
in name and in fact. The force of this objection to the
resolution under debate has been 'attempted to be obviated
by the suggestion that it may be considered as having the
effect of a naturalization law, converting foreigners into
citizens by its own intrinsic power. It is quite obvious
that this is a very insufficient answer to the objection, for
two reasons: First, because the constitution requires that
that the rule of naturalization shall be-uniform—that is, the
same for all the States; whereas if this resolution be con-
sidered in the light of a naturalization law, it is unequal
and far from being uniform; for it makes the inhabitants of
Texas citizens of the United States by her admission into
the Union, without any qualification whatever, while in all
the other States qualifications are necessary, such as res-
idence for a specified time, declarations m court, good
character, &c., to entitle them to the privileges of citizens.
Besides, if by this process all the inhabitants of Texas are
instantly converted from foreigners into citizens, they aie
not by this transferring process made such retroactively
for seven and nine years. If an alien is made a cit-
izen by naturalization, he becomes such from the time he is
naturalized, not from a period anterior to it.
This resolution is in direct conflict with the provisions of
the constitution which create three distinct departments of
government—legislative, executive, and judicial; and which
give to each its appropriate and exclusive powers. "All
legislative power granted by the constitution is/ vested in
Congress." This resolution is a legislative act. Its design
is to operate upon and aft'ect a foreign government and peo-
ple and their territory. It is not intended to act solely upon
our own citizens, and within our own jurisdiction, but it is
to extend to and embrace foreigners, foreign territory, and
a foreign government. This is beyond the "reach of legis-
lative authority; that is necessarily limited to persons and
places over which it has control, and where obedience can
be compelled. A resolution or act of Congress is anactof
legislation; it is a law. Now, a law has been well defined
to be a rule of action, prescribed by the supreme power of
the State, (which is the law making power, wherever it
may be vested,) commanding what is right, and prohibiting
what is wrong. It is mandatory; it uses the language of
authority or command. It directs and prohibits, under suit-
able sanctions. It acts upon the obedient as well as the
disobedient. It is the reverse of counsel and advice. It
demands obedience; it does not ask consent. It does not
speak in the language of entreaty, but with the voice of
authority. This is of the essence of all laws. Of course,
its operation is confined to such as are within its jurisdic-
tion. It cannot directly, and by force of its own intrinsic
authority, act upon the citizens of other countries, or the
territory of other nations. Bv this resolution, which is
simply an act of legislation, a law, is designed to operate,
and by its terms does operate, (if it have any efficacy,) upon
a people and territory without our jurisdiction. It has no
one quality of a legitimate legislative act. It is not pre-
scribed by an authority which is supreme over all whom
it is designed to aftect. It is not a command to which obe-
dience can be enforced. It is neither in form nor substance
mandatory. It is advisory, an imitation, an offer to con-
tract, a proposal of mutual stipulations—a consent, on our
part, to certain terms of agreement, and a solicitation to a
foreign nation, on her part, to accept them. The records of
the civilized world can find no such example as this of the
exercise of legislative power. It is wholly without the
sphere of legislative authority. The treaty power proposes
articles of agreement, and makes contracts; "it has for its
object contracts with foreign nations," while the powers of
Congress have for their object whatever can be done in re-
lation to the powers delegated to it, without the consent of
foreign nations. A commercial treaty binds both the parties
to it, a commercial regulation, the creatine of the law, is con-
fined in its operation to the people and territory of the law-
making power. It binds those only who are found within
the jurisdiction of the legislature. It can in general be
repealed at pleasure; it begins and ends with those whe en-
acted it. Tnis joint resolution proposes to unite the treaty,
making and legislative powers, the executive and the legis-
lative authority, and to bind, by the forms of law, both our
own citizen? and foreigners, to operate upon our own ter-
ritory and the territory of a foreign nation Legislation
cannot attain such objects under onr constitution.
This resolution, in effect, usurps the authority given by
constitution to the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint ambassadors and other pub-
lic ministers. It is through these functionaries, and other
s^oers pfth* executive dep&Umeijt, th&t w* to foi>
eign nations. The legislature, ae such, has no communi-
cation with a foreign government. In the language of Mr.
Pirikney, in the debate on the commercial treay, it may be
said that the constitution has given to the President of the
Senate "the exclusive creation and control of the whole
machinery of diplomacy. He only, with the approbation of
the Senate, can appoint a negotiator, or take any step to-
wards a negotiation. The constitution does not, in any
part of it, even intimate that any other department shall
possess either a constant or an occasional right to interpose
in the preparation of any treaty, or in the final perfection of
it. The President and Senate are explicitly pointed out as
the sole actors in that sort of transaction." The resolution
before us addresses itself directly to a foreign government.
It is the voice of legislation, speaking to an independent na-
tion, not indeed in form, through the ordinary instrumental--
ity of the executive department, and officers appointed by
it, but in substance proposing to it, by its own direct agen-
cy, mutual stipulations and guaranties, to be binding on
bothjnations. If Congress can thus speak directly to another
nation, it must have the power to perform all acts auxiliary
to it. If it can negotiate with a foreign government by an
act of legislation; if it can make an agreement, in the form
of a law, to admit such a government into the Union, it
eurely can do the same thine by an agent. It, consequent-
ly, may empower whom it pleases to conclude and perfect
an arrangement with a foreign nation, and thus in effect
appoint ambassadors and public ministers, or such as may
perform the duties appropriate to such officers. If Congress
can admit Texas into the Union without the previous exer-
cise of the executive power—if they can propose and settle
the terms of such admission by their joint resolution, they
certainly can make such propositions through an autho-
rized agent appointed by them; they can also select an
agent to receive proposals from Texas. The greater in-
clude the less. If it can submit proposals by resolution, it
can can confer authority on another to submit them; and
this would be a usurpation not warranted, but prohibited by
the constitution.
The resolution for annexing Texas to the United States is
in direct conflict with the treaty-making power. 1 have
heretofore adverted to the nature and substance of this reso-
lution. It has every ingredient of a contract, except the
consummation by the final assent of both parties. It con-
tains terms, conditions, and guaranties. It is in the nature
ofa compact or agreement. And what but this is a treaty?
We cannot annex Texas without her consent, and we invite
her to give it. Are not these proposals for an arrangement
or contract, by which rights are to be surrendered and ac-
quired7 And, when perfected, do they not, in substance,
constitute a treaty'? And is not this solely within the prov-
ince of the tieaty-making power? The language of Mr
Calhoun, w hich I have quoted before, is lull and explicit on
this point: "Congress cannot make a contract with a for-
eign nation Whatever requires the consent of another na-
tion belongs to the treaty power, and can only be regulated
by it."
This resolution removes the great safeguard which the con-
stitution has provided for the security of all, and especially
the small States, in our intercourse and relations with for-
eign powers, viz: the consent of two-thirds of the senators
present to any treaty, contract, or stipulation with them.
The power was lodged here to guard against sudden and
ill-advised legislation. In the Senate there is an equality of
representation of the States, and the assent of two-thirds
was required to the ratification of a treaty, because treaties
generally imolve matters of great importance, which may
seriously affect the interests and prosperity of the States.
The power asserted in this resolution is given to a bare
majority of both Houses of Congress to create as many
States as it may deem expedient, thus destroying the bal-
ance of power intended to be secured by the constitution,
annihilating the political power of the small States, and
merging it in that of the great States which may be erected
or admitted by the exercise of legislative authority. It was
to preventsuch a result (among other reasons) that com-
pacts with foreign nations require to perfect them the two-
thirds vote of the Senate.
This resolution, or the principle involved in it. is cacula-
ted seriously to impair if not destroy the balances of the
constitution in another form—vi7: by w holly changingthe
relative political pew er of the States in the representation of
the House of Representatives. If Texas can be annexed by
an act of Congress, any other foreign State may be admitted
by virtue of the same authority, and thus foreign slave
States may be received into our Union infinitum, until
the representation of three-fifths of all persons besides those
who are free will exceed the entire representation of the
free States, and the power of the latter be forever gone. Is
it credible that the patriots who signed the constitution be-
lieved that, in the grant of power to Congress to admit new
States into the Union, they were conferring an authority
which, if exercised to its full extent, would deprive every
free State of all political power in that branch oi the legisla-
ture which most directly and immediately represented the
people oftke Union7
There is no necessity for giving this clause of the consti-
tution the latitudinuus construction insisted on by those
who support this resolution Full cflect may be given to it
by limiting it to what its language obviously imports, and
what the then existing and future circumstances of the
country mightrcquire. When the constitution was foimed
we had an extensive territory out of which new States
might be formed; we had old States which might wish to be
divided. The constitution provided for both It authorized
tlie admission of new States either from Territories or ex-
isting States, and thus every purpose of the clause was an-
swered. With great propriety, therefore, do the Committee
on Foreign Relations, in their report to the Senate, use the
following language:
"Generality of import may find restraint by reference to the
fact of adequate matter being found for the operation of the
debated language, independently of the revolting operation.
This is the first and reasonable check on broad interpreta-
tion." * * * "Excluded from an operation beyond the
Union, did it have, at the time of insertion in the constitu-
tion, or does it find now, matter on which to act, sufficient
to authorize the inference that other matter may not have
been intended for it, that this would be of extent to satisfy
it? Tfcere w§s & m&ss of territory appurieaaw io some
of the larger States of the Union, which an imperative na-
tional opinion destined to the formation of new States. Ver-
mont, the Territory of Frankland, have already been the
claimants to admission. The territory northwest of the
Ohio, the unmeasured appendages of Georgia, presented a
field almost indefinite for the operation of the clause—a
range of surface in which the appetite of construction the
most inordinate might be expected to find satiety. .All
these together furnish a sphere of operation certainly too
prolific to allow monsters of construction to be bred tip to
supply food for operation."
The consequences which may follow from the construc-
tion given to the clause authorizing the admission of new
States, furnish another strong argument against the consti-
tutionality of this resolution. Jn the language of the same
report, I say that "if these effects are found in the exhibi-
tion of evil or peril, the principle which lies at the bottom oi
all institutions, that it is to be tried by its fruits, comes di-
rectly forward to assert a claim to control." I do not deem
it necessary to insist that the effects, and consequences
which may result from the operation of a law always fur-
nish the controlling lule for its construction. Eut if they
aie such, upon any supposed construction, as will prove
highly dangerous and deleterious—if it cannot be supposed
that the framers of the law intended to hazard such results—
and especially if such construction will be m opposition to
other parts of the law, and is not necessary to be given to
carry into full effect every part of the law, such construc-
tion ought not to be adopted. It may be assumed to be an
unauthorized construction, and should be repudiated. In
this view, 1 call the attention of the Senate to the conse-
quences of this dangerous assumption of legislative
power. It will enable Congress to admit any and every for-
eign government into the Union. No matter how variant
they are from us in their language, customs, habits, or
principles, they may be invited to join our confederacy, and
may accept ilie invitation. We may have the people of
Mexico, of Cuba, of all South America, of Europe and China,'
united to us, under a constitution ordained for us and our
posterity. The majority of a' quorum of both Houses of
Congress, under temporary excitement, may do what, in
the hour of sober reflection, they would mourn over and la-
ment. Theoid partnership, without the consent of two-
thirds of the partners, would be practically d.ssolved, an J a
new one created against their wishes. Can it be supposed
that the "old thirteen" ever intended that such should be
the operation of the constitution which they had ratified?
Is it to be believed that the States which, under the articles
of confederation, required the a&sent of nine of their number
to the union with them of any other foreign colony except
Canada, would, under the constitution, pro\ide that a baie
majority of Congress might perfect such a union ? It is ut-
terly incredible. Why, then, without necessity, give such
a construction to the instrument as may produce such re-
sults'' Why put at hazard all the blessings of our glorious
constitution, by the exercise of a power not only doubtful
and unnecessary, but which is in conflict with the whole
spirit of the instrument? Why not rather seek for old
paths, and walk in them, that we may have peace and rest
and quiet, and that union and harmony may pievail through-
out the length and breadth of the land?
Having, as briefly as I could, considered the question of
the constitutional power of Congress to pass this resolution,
and a? concisely as possible suggested the reasons which
have led me to the conclusion that no such power is to be
found in the constitution, I proceed to advert very^ sum-
marily to the remaining objection to the resolution, viz:
III. If there be a power conferred by the constitution to
admit Texas into the Union, in the form of a treaty or of an
act or resolve of Congress, it is unwise and dangerous to
exercise it.
We do not require Texas as a place for our people
to occupy, or its soil for our farmers or planters to till.
We have now a vast, rich, and fertile territory within the
limits of the United States yet unoccupied. "Millions and
millions of acres of the public lands in different States re-
main unsold, inviting the hand of labor to till it, wheie tfce
climate is healthy and the price of the lands is low. We do
not require the 'addition of the territory of Texas to ena-
ble our agriculturists to find land to cultivate, we have
enough, and more than enough, to supply their wants and
those of their children's children for years to come; and
why should we be so anxious to annex more territory to
oui*aheady almost boundless domain' The wants of our
present and rapidly increasing population do not de-
mand it.
But if a necessity is imposed upon us to make additions
to onr immense possessions in order that farmers and la-
borers may find employment, is it expedient for us to obtain
Texas for such a purpose' What is now the condition of its
public domain? We have heretofore understood from high
authority that most, if not all, of the good lands of Texas
have been patented or granted by the citferent authorities
which from time to time have had the control of them? It
is probable that the whole of Texas proper which is of any
value has been made the subject of d grant; and, if so, of
what benefit would the annexation of that country be to
those who wished to purchase good lands at a reasonable
price' Their government has not kept, it has been said,
any complete record of grants and alienations v. hich have
been made, and everything connected with the subject is
doubtful and uncertain. Should Texas be annexed, we do
not know, nor have we the means of know ing from her ar-
chives, what portion of her landu is under governmental
control, while the probabilities are many and strong that
every acre which is worthjanj thmgtis in the hands of pat-
entees or grantees.
If, however, there be land there unsold and of value, is it
not all virtually under mortgage, and for an amount uncer-
tain and indefinite? The records of Texas are in this par-
ticular also lamentably deficient. The amount of her pub-
lic debt is unknown to herself and more so to us- A part of
the territory claimed to be within her limits is in the pos-
session of' Indians, and another part in the possession of
Mexico; so that by the acquisition of Texas we obtain a ter-
ritory of whose extent we are ignorant—covered with pa-
tents and grants, under a mortgage the amount of which is
unknown—the iitle in dispute, and to be obtained, if at all,
by 9- apo&«f powui'. §ure)yjf thgr6beno
