Peb. 1848.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
401.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Huntington.
Senate.
cessity there can be no wisdom in purchasing such a do-
main. But it has been said that the resolution does not pro-
vide for the cession of the public lands of Texas to the
United States or for the payment of her debts by this gov-
ernment. On the contrary, that it is one of the conditions
of annexation that Texas shall retain all the vacant and un-
appropriated lands within its limits, to be applied first to
the payment ol" its debN and liabilities and that m no event
are the latter to become a charge upon the government of
the United States All this appears \ery well on paper; but
what will the other nations of the earth say to us, who in-
corporate Texas into the Union and receive from her all
her public edifice*, fortifications, barracks, ports, and har-
bors, navy and navy yard, docks, magazines, arms, arma-
ments, and all other property and means pertaining to the
public defence belonging to her. and deprive her of the
power of imposing duties on imports, the highest and best,
perhaps the only" security for her public creditors—what
will they say to us if we refuse to pay her debts ? if we take
from her the means of payment and yet decline to provide
for her lawful engagements? Did not her creditors rely
upon her power and disposition to levy duties to pay their
honest and just debts? and do we not propose voluntarily to
deprive them of this resource7 And if we do this, do not
honor and justice and moral honesty demand that we
fhould give them an equivalent for it.' And, if we refuse,
shall we not be regarded as a nation eager to obtain posses-
sion of a ioreign country, and leaving her creditors deprived
of the resources on which they justly relied to discharge
their demands? Are we prepared to encounter public ob-
loquy for the purpose of acquiring territory which has been
already gianted to others, subject to a mortgage of un-
known amount, incumbered with liens indefinite in number
and amount, and the possession of which W£ cannot obtain
without a protracted and bloody contest?
My friend, the senator from Pennsylvania, who has occu-
pied a seat next to me for some time, (although, I fear, if
rumors shall prove to be true, 1 shall soon be deprived of
the pleasure of having him for a neighbor,) said he should
have preferred that the resolution should have been so
drawn a? to subject the public domain of Texas to the con-
trol of the government oi the United States, and her Indian
relations also; but he added that when she was admitted
these matters could be arranged between the United States
and Texas, and the details be satisfactorily settled by
friendly arrangement. 1 hope my friend from Tennessee
[Mr FostfrJ heard this declaration: for I recollect that a
few weeks ago, upon the introduction by him of a joint res-
olution nearly identical w ith the one now under discussion,
be said, or I understood him to say, that he would not vote
for the admission of Texas without a guaranty that no part
of her debt should be paid by the United States, and that
this was with him a sine qua non. Did he hear the doctrine
advanced by the senator from Pennsylvania, that Texas and
• the United States might hereafter agree to modify the pro-
vision as to the public lands? That it was, in this respect
at least, a public act which might be varied in its terms by
mutual consent—repealed or changed by the assent of both
parties and thus the public domain of Texas be subject to
the action of Congress? Does not the senator perceive that
if by such consent Texas might cede her public lands to the
United States. sh« might also, by an arrangement with the
United States, have her debts paid, or become a charge upon
this government7 And what would then become of the
condition or guaranty indispensable, in his view, to the
proposed annexation, viz: that the United States should
never be made responsible for the debts of Texas' (ione,
annihilated, vanished. And how can he vote for a resolu-
tion which will not give the «ecuiity which he deems es-
sential? If. however, the territory should be first acquired
by treaty, no act of legislation can vary the terms.
The sure guaranty which he demands would be found
m the requisite vote of two-thirds of the Senate to
change a fundamental article m the treaty of an-
nexation. And, by insisting upon the excrcise of
the treaty power in the first instance, to acquire the terri-
tory. he would obtain what might be considered a perfect
securitv for the object he wished to accomplish, viz: entire
exemption from any liability on the part of the United States
to pay the debts of Texas. The senator from Pennsylvania
reminds me that he did not refer, in his remarks, to any
iuture arrangement for the payment of the debts of Texas,
but to one regarding her public lnnds and her Indian rela-
tions. Certainiy he did not speak of any such arrangement
as to her debts; but, if the argument be a sound one, that
after her admission into the Union, sue mu) cgree with thi<
government to surrender her public lands, and we can law-
fully enter into such an arrangement, we can also, with her
assent, (which she will not probably be disinclined to gi\e,)
assume her debts ,, „ , ,
We do not require from any well-founded nppre
hensionthat it will become dependent upon, 01 an all) , or
under the control of Great Britain or any other power. Iliis
point was ver\ lull, cun'idere.t ,.i the last session in the
debate on the Texas treaty; aiM it was most conclusively
show n that there was not the slightest cause for alarm, that
anonvmous letters anil opinions of interested menm iexas
were "not to be considered as entitled to weight in opposi-
tion to the clear and explicit disavowal of the Lritish gov-
ernment, repeatedly made furnishing the highest evidence
that there was no foundation tor the jealousies and appre-
hensions which had be^n entertained of her designs uP®n
Texas. Since that time nothing has transpired to vary the
then existing state of things in this particular. **
not annexed, will remain an independent nation, with an
the rights and privilege? of such a nation, under no human
control except that which is exerted by her own constitu-
tion and laws. , i
The annexation of Texas, as contemplated by this resolu-
tion, will be a violation of our treaty and amicable relations
with Mexico. This topic also was examined and discussed
at the last session, and 1 shall not now dwell upon it All
that can be said upon it was then said by many senators
who took part in that debate.
It is inexpedient to pass this resolution, because it is pos-
sible, if not very piob.tble, that it will lead to hostilities
with Mexico, if it be not itself considered by her a declara-
tion of war. We have heretofore been advised by that gov-
ernment that she should so consider it—at least it annexa-
tion should in lact follow from the passage oi the resolu
126)
tion. No one has more confidence than 1 have in the vaior
and courage and power of this nation successfully to prose-
cute a just war. But it should be a just one, an honorable
one, and thus should command the confidence of the people.
Would a war with Mexico under'existing circumstances,
produced by the annexation to the United States of what
she claims to be a part of her territory, be such a war? If,
however, it should be deemed a war just on our part to re-
pel the hostilities of Mexico, are senators aware of the con-
sequences which would result from it to the property, if
not the persons, of our citizens? Do they know the state of
feeling which exists in the public mind, especially among
our merchants and men of business generally on this sub-
ject? 1 have received communications from commercial
men who are not politicians, but who are engaged in their
business employments, who desire to know whether it be
safe for them to continue their business operations, and es-
pecially whether it be prudent to send their ships on long
voyages, purchased and fitted at great expense; and wheth-
er there is danger that their prospects and property are to
be sacrificed for the purpose of obtaining jurisdiction over
Texas? The vote which will be given by this body within
a few days will decide and answer these questions. Mexico
is weak and poor, but she is proud, and the privateers of all
nations which would sail under her dag would greatly in-
jure and annoy our commerce and capture and destroy im-
mense amounts of property afloat on the ocean belonging
to our citizens. We ought to pause and consider before
we adopt a measure which may, and probably will, be
fraught with such deep and lasting injury to American citi-
zens.
This resolution ought not to pass, because it will tend to
create throughout the various sections of our country strong
fears that the constitutional securities of the rights and priv-
ileges of the States will not be preserved. The value o? our
bond of union is incalculable. Why should we run the haz-
ard of weakening it by the shock it will receive from the
adoption of the resolution? What necessity is there for
adding to the existing materials of discord another so well
caculated to weaken confidence, to produce irritation, and to
disturb the peace of the Union? Is it not far better to be
contented with our present almost illimitable territory, in-
stead of exerting a new and at least doubtful power of add-
ing a foreign government to the Union7 Would it not be
the part of wisdom to follow the. precedent set by our patri-
otic ancestors, and cherish the Union as it is, rather than add
a foreign nation to it, and thus be instrumental in origina-
ting and consummating a measure calculated to alienate the
affections of the citizens of different portions of our country
from each other7
There is one other objection to this resolution to which I
shall advert, and upon which I shall not long detain the Sen-
ate. 1 mean the objection which arises from the claim in-
sisted on by those who first started thn project of annexa-
tion, that it is necessary for the maintenance of the peculiar
institutions of the South as well as those of Texas: m other
words, Texas is to be annexed to the Union to perpetuate
slavery in the Uriited?States and in Texas; and this.it has
been urged elsewhere, is an object which the slave States
have a constitutional right to insist shall be accomplished,
if necessary, by the annexation of Texas. There is no por-
tion of the people of this country more devoted to the con-
stitution, more patriotic, more determined to abide by and
enforce all the guaranties ofthat instrument, than the people
of the free States. It was the result of compromise It was
framed m a spirit of conciliation. New Kngland will adhere
to all its provisions; will aid in sustaining ail the rights of
all the States which are secured by it; will abide by all its
stipulations But she will not consent to introduce new
provisions to secure the objects named; she will not advo-
cate the exercise of new and dangerous powers to promote
them. No principle of honor, patriotism, or public ex-
pediency demands this at her hands. She will abide
by the compromises of the constitution; she will keep
within the limits which they piescnbe, and beyond
them she will not advance. My friend from Kentucky, [.Mr.
Morfhkad,] who opened this debate, touched this topic in a
style and temper deserving all commendation. He said that
it was wise to leave the guaranties of the constitution jutt
as they were, without attempting to increase or diminish
them- that it was best to confine ourselves to the existing
provisions of the constitution, rather than add new ones,
that we had thus far been properous, and were making
rapid advances in strength, greatness, and glory. I cannot
but indulge the hope that we «hal! presuive the existing
bvi'incfs and checks of the constitution, discharge all the
obligations which it imposes upon us, and then all will be
well.
My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Btchan w] said that he
was pleaded with this joint resolution because it proposed
immediate annexation so laras it is practicable, which will
quiet public excitement, and fulfil the wishes of the people,
as expressed m the late presidential election I do not
agree with the senator that the result oi the late election is
expressive of the opinion of a majority of the people of the
United States that Texas should be admitted into the Union.
It is notorious that in many parts oi the country the ques-
tion of annexation was wholl) and designedly kept out of
view; while, in other portions, very many, and among them
distinguished men, voted for Mr. Polk, {because he was the
nominee of the party, but under a protest as to this matter
of annexation, and with an armed determination to aid in
the election of members of Congress who would vote
against it. The vote of the State of New York, which
elected the President who is soon to be inaugurated, was
the vote of a plurality, and it is behoved that a majority of
her electors were then opposed to annexation. The elec-
tion decided nothing as to the question, ot the policy of ad-
mitting Texas. As to the existing excitement, I ask, who
is responsible for it? Who is justly chargeable with exci-
ting the public mind upon this question? Previous and lor
some time subsequent to the coming in of the expiring ad-
ministration, the people of the United States had not dream-
ed of annexation. The public mind was tranquil. But that
administration, for purposes which they avowed, and possi-
bly from motives which they did not avow, got up thu
scheme of annexation—were the sole authors ot the
excitement—were alone responsible ior that which now is
sought to be allayed by immediate annexation. Ought the
Senate to vote for this measure to quiet the public mind,
which has been excited by others, and not by them?
The senator said, also, he was pleased with this resolu-
tion because it settled the question of slavery. Ancfhow
does it settle that question? Why, by adopting the Mis-
souri compromise line of 36 deg. 30 min. Will, however,
this resolution settle that question? How very small a por-
tion of Texas is north of this line; but, if it were ever so
large, no free State can be formed there without the consent
of the State of Texas. The resolution provides that new-
States, not exceeding four in number, in addition to the
State of Texas, may, by the consent of said State, be formed
out of the territory belongiiig to the republic of Texas.
The State of Texas which is to be admitted into the Union
has entire control over the whole subject, and it needs not
the gift of prophecy to foresee that no tree State will ever be
formed eut of any "portion of the territory with her consent;
and without it, no State, whether free or slave, can be
erected or formed within the limits of the present republic of
Texas. This resolution cannot, therefore, settle finally the.
question oi slavery. Besides, if the legislature who pass
the resolution for admission can subsequently, with the con-
sent of Texas, alter the stipulations contained in it, (as it
has been.urged may be done in regard to her public lands,)
the entire question of slavery is left open, subject to be mod-
ified according to an agreement hereafter to be made be-
tween the United States and Texas.
My friend from Pennsylvania was pleased with this reso-
lution, because it refers the question of annexation directly
to the people and not to the government of Texas. It seems
to me that by this resolution the people have not the con-
trol of this matter. They cannot act upon the question of
annexation without the consent of the existing government;
they cannot accede or disagree to our proposals, except by
a convention assembled by the order and with the license of
the government: so that, after all, the question is left first to
the decision of the government, and, ifthey refuse to act,
the people are deprived of the power oi action.
The senator liked the resolution lor another reason. It
raised and settled the broad question whether the power of
Congress to admit new States extends to the admission of a
foreign independent State. It does raise that question;but
does it settle it' Does the passage of this resolution dis-
pose of that question? Has not the next Congress some-
thing to say upon it, and something also to decide? Does the
resolution admit Texas? Are not the proceedings of her
convention to be submitted to Congress for their final ac-
tion7 Nothing can be more clear, and therefore the whole
matter is open to await the further and final action of the
Congress of the United States.
The Senator was pleased with the resolution, because it
would prove to he. a bond of perpetual peace between the
United States and the manufacturing nations of the Old
World, and particularly Great Britain. This it would effect,
because, if Texas should be annexed to the Union, Great
Britain would be dependent on us for the cotton she would
consume—a staple almost indispensable to her very being
as a nation—and thus there would be a permanent bond of
peace. I do not perceive how the dependence of Great
Britain upon the States for the supply of cotton for her
manufacturing establishments will strengthen the relations
of peace between us. She will purchase this article where
she can obtain it on the most advantageous terms. She
will give Texas the market price for it, and no more,
whether she be an independent State or a state of the Union.
It is possible she might obtain it even on better terms it
Texas was not annexed to the United States. The price,
however, does not depend upon annexation, but upon the
demand and supply. She takes from us now what she
wants, and she will take no more, whatever may become
of Texas. The lelations of amity between us and her do
not depend upon the quantity of cotton which may be
grown, or its price.
It has been urged that the annexation of Texas will pro
mote and extend our manufacturing interests. She will
then become the puichaserand consumer of the products
of our labor. But if she remain independent she will sup-
ply herself from the workshops of Great Britain. This does
not seem to me to be a necessary consequence. It lexas
remains as she is, Great Britain will doubtless use every
effort to introduce her manufactures there, but Texas must
Impose duties on them to enable her to deiray the expenses
of her government It cannot be that she will admit them
Iteeol duty. And if she can be supplied by the United
States on as favorable or better terms than by Great Britain,
we shall have the preference. She will buy of those who
will sell the cheapest. Her annexation to the United States
will not greatly extend the market for our manufactures, at
least for some time to come. At present her population is
small and her wants but few. She [cpnsnmes little. Ihe
increase ofhrr numbers will be from toe United States or
from foreigners, who, if the were independent, wouldsatle
here, and thus we shall merely supply m ^xas those we
should have supplied in the United States. The aggregate
amount of Jifuiachm* purchased by Texas would be
liearlj the same whether she hem or out of the Umo,a<imis
consumption would not he much Aor,... ™
■sion as 1 State, and the supply wo.uld he turn sheI by us to
the same people, either as our citizens or as the citl/.ens 01
a foreign government. Neither would our navigating in-
vest bepfomoted hy annexation, certainly not for, many
^ ears The facilitie/for commercial intercourse between
rs^ii
-"ld° it sh°ould'ca?ry
of anj
with her.
country could derive from commercial intercourse
''w/friend from Pennsylvania thinks that the annexation
of Texas will strengthen the Union, that the frontier States
those on the outer border of the confederacy --have been,
Ind always will be, the most loyal of any of the states to
the government and the Union. Of course 1 suppose tl.e
" oil remote our front,er is from the centre, the stronger
will he our Union: and tor such a purpose would it not be
hest that it should extend to Cape Horn! Are we to go on,
spreading our free in; Ututions on all .sides, until w e become
an ocean hound republic' As w e to have no ne.ghbore b«^
