appendix to the congressional globe.
Ian. 1845.
:48th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Collamer.
H. of. Reps,
republics? Will not our thirst for acquisition be allayed
without embiaemg within the Union the whole of the west-
ern continent* Would it not be wise to listen to the voice
Of the patriots and statesmen of other days, who warned
thou' countrymen of the dangers attendant upon a great ex-
tension of their limits7 Shall their admonitions be lost upon
us? Shall we assume to be wiser than the generations who
have preceded us? Had we not better check our ardor for
acquisition, and let -'wwll enough alone?" The voice of the
fathers of the republic still speaks to us in the records
which they have left for our perusal. It is the voice of
kindlier, of patriotism, and of wisdom. Let us listen to it,
let us give heed to it, let us profit by it
i have now, Mr. President, discharged what I considered
to be an imperious duty, both as aji American senator and
as representing a State which has given me this place of
honor and responsibility. It has been my design to explain
the grounds of my honest and conscientious opposition to
this measure of annexation, and to set forth the reasons
why I think it both unconstitutional and inexpedient. The
voice of iny own beloved Commonwealth, to which I al-
ways listen with respect, has reached me. Her legislature
has expressed the sentiments of her people on this momen 
tous subject At its session in May last it parsed the fol-
lowing resolutions:
"Revoked, That the power to unite an independent for-
eign State with the United btates is not among the powers
delegated to the general government by the constitution of
the United States, and that the treaty recently concluded by
the President of the United States, for the annexation of
Texas, assuming the payment of its debts, its war with
Mexico, anri its treaties with foreign powers, is a dangerous
and alarming stretch of executive power.
"Resdlved, That the government of the United States,
pure and irreproachable in its relations with foreign nations,
lias ever observed, with unbending integrity, the faith of
treaties; and that national reputation and honor, as well as
the dictates of sound morality, require a rigid adherence to
these principles, and that the annexation of Te^as to this
Union would be a violation of our treaty stipulations with
Mexico, and a \irtual declaration of war against that
power.
"Resolved, That the State of Connecticut, faithful to the
constitution of the United States, and mindful of its conces-
sions, can never consent to annex a foreign nation to the
Union, and especially will it never consent to stipulate for
i*s admission vith the privilege of a slave representation, or
become a party to its voluntary institution oi slavery."'
In the sentiments thus expressed f fully concur. 1 have
endeavored to enforce them. The decision of the Senate,
which i? soon to be pronounced, w ill present the momen-
tous issues which will grow out of this proposition to an-
nev a foreign government to the Lnion of these State? I
hope the denote w ill bt- directed to aw i-se and just dec won.
I have been f'OTi my j oath in that school which
has maintained the supremacy of the constitution and the
laws, which has deemed the firm unwavering support of
the provisions of that mstrumentand the Union of the States
to be essential to national happntess and prosperity. With
a strict adherence to the spirit of the constitution; a wise
and honest executive administration; an intelligent a*d pa-
triotic legislature; a learned, firm, independent judiciary,
and an enlightened and moral people, with the blessing of
Providence, all will be well with us. But if the checks,
and balances, and guaiaiiiies of the constitution be sacri-
ficed; if form be substituted for substance; if a new and
dangerous exercise of powers which a literal interpretation
of the constitution does not demand nor its spirit justify, be
indulged, dissensions, and jealousies, and heart-burning will
arise and increase, the bonds of our Union will be weaken-
4jned; the integrity of the coniederac) be endangered, and
the prosperity and increavinr; greatness of the nation will
be impeded, if not dcstioj <h1. tromsucha calamity may
He \\ ho holds in his hand all the nations of the earth
save us !
SPEECH OF MR. COLLAMER,
OF VERMONT.
In the House nf Representatives, January 23, 1845—
On the annexation of Texas.
Mr. COLLAMER addressed the Chair as fol-
lows :
Mr. Chairman : Amongst the great variety of
projects for the annexation of Texas to, this nation,
by an act of legislation, is one which proposes to
annex it as a State, leaving to it all its ungranted
lands, and leaving the burden of all its debts to be
paid without recourse to this government. This
mode of doing the deed seems, at present, to receive
most favor. There are, undoubtedly, some in this
House who would be unwilling to receive Texas,
and thereby become responsible for the unknown
and uncounted millions of her debt; and they seem
to suppose that, by this project, such a responsi-
bility is avoided. That, sir, I consider a great mis-
take. If we take Texas, we must respond to the
duties and obligations inseparably incident to the
act by the dictates of justice and the law of nations,
and which are beyond the reach of protestations to
avoid or control. One of those incidents is, that
we must be responsible to her creditors for her
debts. The creditors of any government have, for
their security, an equitable lien upon the eminent
domain. By this is not intended what is, in this
country, commonly called the public domain—that
is, the public land. By eminent domain, is to be
understood the power possed by a nation, by taxes
or otherwise, to appropriate to the public use, and
to the public .debts, all the property, public and
private, real and personal, present and prospective,
all which together constitute the resources of wealth.
It is this national power—the money-raising power
—which constitutes the security of the public cred-
itor; and any act of another which weakens this
security must, of course, visit on that other all the
consequences which result thereby to innocent third
persons. And here I would caution gentlemen not
to confound this national power—the eminent do-
main—with objects and subjects on which it might
be brought to act. The lien is not on the lands or
articles of property, public or private, but is on
the existing national power. The purchase of the
property by other nations or individuals, therefore,
does not weaken the security; but whatever de-
taches from and weakens this national power
weakens the security; and whatever nation takes
that power so detached, must be responsible for the
debts which lien upon it. If, then, we annex Texas
to this nation, even though we do not -take
her public land, we of course deprive her
of the power of levying and collecting du-
ties, imposts, and tonnage, (the principal source of
modern revenue,) and thereby we weaken her emi-
nent domain and her creditors' security; and there-
fore we must be responsible to those creditors.
But, it is said, by admitting Texas as a State we
leave her sovereignty existing, and so the eminent
domain remains for security of the creditor- There
are two entire answers to be made to that position.
The first is, you take away from her the power to
levy duties on importations, the most productive
source of modern revenue. Now, if the creditor
does not obtain his pay, must not we, who have
taken away that resource and security, pay him
his debt? The second answer is this: if we deprive
a creditor of the means of enforcing his security,
we must pay him. If we assume any branch of
the sovereignty of Texas, we must respond to all
the duties and liabilities which rest upon that branch.
What, then, is the mode of enforcing the debt of an
individual on a nation? Any citizen or subject of
one government, having a just demand on another
nation, may require of his government to demand
and enforce payment; and with this requirement it
is the duty of his government to comply. This
has always been done by this government for its
citizens. Now, this can only be done by demand-
ing payment from that branch of the sovereignty
which represents the nation in relation to foreign
nations, and can entertain diplomatic relations, and
against which war may be declared and carried on
if payment is refused. All this the creditors of
Texas, in this country and in England may re-
quire of their governments. If we annex Texas,
even as a State, we assume all that branch of her
sovereignty which represents her foreign relations.
She can no lor ger receive and entertain embassa-
dors or make treaties. Foreign creditors can no
longer, through their governments, demand their
pay, and have reprisals and war on her in case of
failure. All that has devolved on us, and therefore
to that we must respond. Clear, then, it appears to
me, we must, in any event, if we take Texas in any
form, be responsible for her untold debts. This I
am unwilling to undertake, whether we take her
lands, which seem to have been all granted that are
of much value, or leave them to her to squander
away, still leaving the debts for us to pay.
So clear and decisive is the law of nations on this
subject, that even those who have acquired the
sovereignty by conquest, are bound to respond to
the public creditors. Vattel says, (book 2, sec.
203,) "For a conqueror to refuse to pay the debts
of a country he has subdued, would be robbing the
creditors with whom he is not at war." A strong
case in illustration of this principle occurred when
Frederick of Prussia finally submitted to pay to
the subjects of England the debts due them by
Silesia, which he had subdued.
Such being our obligations, I entirely object to
any attempt to repudiate them, in advance. We
must meet them, or fall into national disgrace; and
it is wrong and delusive to adopt a project which
attempts to limit or disclaim our liability; the only
effect of which will be to deceive and cajole our
own people. If we will take Texas, let it be done
frankly, and do not meanly attempt to skulk from our
responsibilities, or to cheat and defraud either the
creditors of Texas, our people, or ourselves.
It may be asked, why, then, are we not responsible
for the present debts of the several States? I an-
swer, because we have taken away none of the se-
curity, or mode of enforcing that security, which
the creditors of the several States had when their
debt occured. They intrusted States, as corpora-
tions or individuals, and to their plighted faith alone
must they look for pay.
My next objection is that it is war with Mexico.
It is not, as has been insisted^ only a matter for
which Mexico may declare war, but will not. Mex-
ico claims Texas as a revolted province, and is now
at war with her, to reduce her. This Mexico has
the undoubted right to do if she can. Of this right
none can deprive her, without her consent. This is
an existing war; and, let who will participate, Mex-
ico may prosecute it without any new declaration of
war. If any other nation interferes and gets injured
it is for them to declare war, not for Mexico. Now
if we espouse Texas, that does not alter the right of
Mexico. Mexico proceeds to reduce Texas accord-
ing to her right, and we defend it: is not that war,
actual war, into which we thrust this nation? This
was very correctly so decided- by Mr. Forsyth, as
Secretary of State.
But we are assured, by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, ex cathedra, that it will
not occasion war, for that Mexico can be satisfied
with money. Now, sir, what does this mean'
Why, it means we may take Texas, and pay for it
exorbitantly,-by assuming to pay her uncounted,
millions of debt, and then we can have the privilege
of settling with Mexico, by paying her for it again;
and that, too, without first knowing what she is to
ask. Had we not better first make our bargain
with Mexico? We act even without the precaution
of the thief who broke into a store, but declined to
steal the goods, because he found them marked at
such enormous prices.
The next objection to the annexation of Texas is
the avowed purpose for which it is procured; that is,
to make of it slave territory and slave States, to en-
large and perpetuate slavery. This avowal of the
advocates of the measure is not here denied by any
one. Any gentleman from the free States who voles
for this measure, must be understood to vote for it
for that object, or he must oe secretly intending to
practise a gross fraud on the South, which he would
hardly be willing to acknowledge. This point is
clearly settled by the consideration, that no provi-
sion is admitted which will provide for any free
States, except in the narrow strip in the Rocky
mountains, north of 36 degrees and 30 minutes, and
where the country never belonged to Texas; and no
provision will be admitted that will even declare that
Congress shall ever be permitted hereafter to
decide on the conditions on which the States, here-
after made, shall be admitted. No man from
the non-slaveholding States has ever claimed that
Congress can interfere with slavery within the
States; and I do not believe that any southern man
entertains any apprehension on that subject. But it
is quite too much to require of the representatives
from the free States to aid in- the extension, and
thereby in the perpetuity of slavery. We have no
desire to interfere with slavery in the States, be-
cause we have no power to do so; but as we re-
garded slavery as morally wrong, we cannot aid to
extend it or perpetuate it. We are in no way con-
vinced that the views of the Secretory of State are
right, when he insists that slavery is necessary to
national^ prosperity or human perfectibility. And
in expressing such a sentiment, as the organ of this
government, to other nations, he must have known
he was not expressing the views of this nation, nor
of a majority thereof. Within the last half century
seven new States have been added to our slavehold-
ing region. That region comprises a large propor-
tion of the finest soil, and the most genial climate
in the Union. It has had the richest productions in
the world—cotton, rice, tobacco, sugar—constitut-
ing the staples in commerce and manufactures, and
yet they constantly have, and now do complain of
deterioration and distress. The free States have
had but six added to their number. Much of their
soil is comparatively steril; so much so as to have
called forth from the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr.
Morse] the remark that the people were compelled
to work sixteen hours a day. The climate of much
of it is severe, and the productions of comparative
moderate value; and yet we do not complain, noi
are we suffering. Look at the comparative prog-
ress of these two sections, as developed in the cen-
sus returns of the last fifty years, and note the com-
parative degree of progress in population, wealth,
and resources, public and private. The difference
is tco striking to be resiats'd. Look t tin- condi-
tion and value of lands of equal fertility on the free
and slaveholding sides of lines and rivfr". This
