412
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
Army Appropriation Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
II
is with Texas, claiming territory as extending to the Del
Norte in its whole length, that you propose to make the
contract. It may be said that this question of boundary
must he left to future negotiation with Mexico But will
not this government, if Texas is now annexed, with her
definition ot boundary, be precluded from making any con-
cessions to Mexico? Will not any compromise as to bound-
ary be resisted by Texas as a breach of faith towards her?
She might say that Texas had defined her own limits: that
with Texas, as thus bounded, we had contracted for her ad-
mission into the Union; and that this government was
bound by every consideration of faith and honor to see that
Texas should not be again mutilated. If this' government
takes from Texas the surrender of her lands, this compact
of plighted faith will be the watchword of the pioneer as he
gradually encroaches on Mexican soil; and. if we leave
Texas her lands, interest as well as pride and feeling will
prompt hei to demand that this government shall preserve
to her her ancient limits, as defined by herself, and with
which definition of limits by herself, this government con-
tracted with her, and received her into the Union.
"Whether this reasoning be founded in j ustice or not, there
is some plausibility in it; and if Texas is admitted with her
present definition ofboundary, this government will at do
very distant day be placed in the attitude of committing a
manifest outrage upon Mexico, by despoiling her of a por-
tion of her acknowledged territory, or of being charged
with a violation of faith, and harassed with ceaseless mur-
murs and complaints by the people of Texas. I mean no re-
flection on them: they would do no more than would any
other energetic, bold, and enterprising frontier people. Ex-
perience has taught us that the insatiate rapacity of western
enterprise for land, will not stop to reason about the techni-
cal principles of international right. The march of settle-
ment and civilization sweeps on with resistless power, ob-
literating all the old landmarks of property, whether of
possession or of right. Let us not stimulate this propensi-
ty, which needs the rein instead of the spur. Now is the
time to provide against the difficulties and embarrassments
to which this question will inevitably lead. If Texas must
be annexed, then, in the name of justice, annex that portion
only which rightfully belongs to her; that portion which
was comprehended within the ancient limits of Louisiana,
if gentlemen will urge that argument; that portion which
has been revolutionized and defended by Texian valor; that
portion over which Mexican dominion no longer extends,"
and over which the laws of Texas are recognised and sub-
mitted to. Hasten not this delicate question to a reckless
and fatal conclusion. Take time to examine the ground
cautiously, and remove, as far as possible, every difficulty
that is likely hereafter to embarrass us. Any wrong s>teps
taken now will be like foot-prints upon snow, (to use a fig-
ure which I have somewhere seen;) in attempting to re-
trace them, we only make them larger and more irregular,
instead of obliterating them.
Here Mr. R.'s hour expired.
SPEECH OF MR. DUNCAN,
of ohio.
Jn the House of Representatives, February 19, 1845—
In Committee of the Whole on the army appro-
priation bill.
Mr. Chairman: I have ever been cautious about
voting appropriations. I have thought sometimes
that our appropriations have not been in accordance
with economical estimates. We have permitted an
increase of expenditures to run with supposed wants
without critically examining their character. We
are asked to make large appropriations to our army
and navy, when it is difficult to know whether those
appropriations are necessarily and properly dis-
bursed or not. The amount of our appropriations,
in proportion to the number of our army and the
strength of our navy, will, I think, be found to be
nearly double to those of the appropriations made
for the support of the British navy and army. This
should not be. There is no reason why it should
be so; and it can only be accounted for on the fact
that we have a gieater number of officers than we
should have for the number of men they have to
command, or that their pay is too high. I think
there is a disproportion m the pay of the officer and
the common soldier or sailor. I think I can see
a great impropriety in paying a commander six
hundred dollars a month, while the soldier or sailor
gets but eight dollars, whose risk is greater, and
whose duty is more arduous than that of the
commander. 1 think the disparity between the
commander, whose duty it is to defend, and the
farmer, whose duty it is both to maintain and de-
fend, his country, is too great. A farmer will toil in
dust and sweat half his life to procure a common
farm; and then toil in sweat and dust until he is three
score to support himself and family, and his gov-
ernment; and, in the mean time, if there be any fight-
ing to do he has to do it; and if ho, at the end of
three-score years, can lay up three or four thousand
dollars to maintain himself through the evening of
life, he has done well; he will have credit for being
an honest and industrious man. A farmer may own
a farm which has cost him five thcfllsand dollars; he
may work it to the best possible advantage, and he
will do well if he clears three hundred dollars exclu-
sive of the expenses in its cultivation. I speak of
"VVestern farms worked by free labor. How is it
with the epauletted gentleman? He receives a com-
mission—a piece of parchment with some copper-
plate flourishes upon it, and the President's name at
the lower right hand corner; and a scrap of
sheepskin, thus embellished, speaks him, as if by
magic, into a fortune—brings him a yearly income of
more than any twenty-four farmers, with all their
capital vested in their farms and all their toil to boot.
I will suppose that twenty-four farmers, each have
a farm that cost five thousand dollars; the aggregate
capital vested is one hundred and twenty thousand
dollars; and yet the epauletted sheep-skin man will
receive more in a year than the whole twenty-four
farmers, though they toil in sweat from the beginning
to the end of the year, and from the rising to' thl set-
ting of the sun each day, while he toils not, neither
does he spin; yet Solomon, in all his glory, was not
arrayed like him; and I repeat, if fighting has to
be done, the farmer and the mechanic have to do it.
The mechanic spends four or five years in acquiring
a trade, and after he has acquired it, he is doing
well if he can make three hundred dollars a year by
his own labor, by the hardest licks of the anvil, the
lapstone, or the jack-plane; and yet a command-
er, by virtue of a sheep-skin or a foot square of the
hide of a jackass, will make more than twenty-four
such mechanics, and yet lives at ease, and glitters
and glistens in tinsel and lace. We boast of our
government being a government of equal privileges,
equal rights, and equal institutions; but is it so?
What equality is there in bestowing salaries which
five to one individual more than twenty-four of our
est farmers can make, including their own labor,
with a capital of one hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand dollars? That there will be inequalities in the
circumstances of men, under the most free and equal
forms of government, all will admit. The inequali-
ty in the habits and ability of men to make or collect
wealth, or to retain it, will produce inequality of cir-
cumstances; but by far the greater inequality is
produced by unequal legislation in the granting of
monopolies, and in the gift of commissions with
extravagant and profligate salaries.
For the information of those who may read me, I
will expose the denomination of a few of the higher
offices, and the annual salaries which they receive,
and contrast by figures the system of favoritism
so blighting in its effects to the rights and prospects
of all classes of society, except those for whose ben-
efit the system is established. I have supposed that
an industrious, frugal farmer, with a farm worth
five thousand dollars, by his own labor, will make
three hundred dollars a year.
We have what we call our regular army. At the
head of that army we have a major general, whose
annual salary and perquisites amount to $7,144 88
Twenty-four farms worth $120,000; the
labor of twenty-four persons per year,
worth each §1 per day, amounts to
the sum of $7,512; and the aggregate
value for one year will be, in capital
and labor - $127,512
If each farmer receives $300 as his share
of the proceeds of capital invested and
labor expended, then will Major Gen.
Winfield Scott receive as much as the
whole twenty-four persons with their
united labor, and their $120,000 of
vested capital, or twenty-four times as
much as either of them. I will ask
my readers to keep this illustration in
mind, and to apply it to the salaries of
the officers, which I proceed further
to expose and compare.
I repeat that—
The major general receives per annum - $7,144 88
Equal to the income per annum of
twenty-four farms, capital and labor
included.
A brigadier general receives - - $4,600
A sum equal to the proceeds of fifteen
farms, each worth $5,000, and labor
included.
An adjutant general receives - ** $3,884
A sum equal to the proceeds of thir-
teen farms, worth each $5,000, and
labor included.
An inspector general receives - - $4,133
A sum equal to the proceeds of four-
teen farms, worth each $5,000, and
labor included.
A quartermaster general receives - $3,767
A sum equal to the proceeds of twelve
farms, each worth $5,000, and labor
included.
A commissary general receives -
A sum equal to the proceeds of twelve
farms, each worth $5,000, labor inclu-
ded.
A surgeon general receives - - $3,628
A sum equal to the proceeds of twelve
farms, each worth $5,000, labor inclu-
ded.
A paymaster general receives - - $5,583
A sum equal to the proceeds of twelve
farms, each worth $5,000, and labor
included.
A colonel receives - - - $3,916
A sum equal to the proceeds of thir-
teen farms, each worth $5,000, and la-
bor included.
A lieutenant colonel receives - - $2,874
A sum equal to the proceeds of nine
farms, worth each $5,000, and labor
included.
A major receives ... $2,397
A sum equal to the proceeds of eight
farms, each worth $5,000, labor in-
cluded.
A captain receives - $2,184
A sum equal to the proceeds of seven
farms, worth  ach $5,000, and labor
included.
And, sir, astonishing to say, even a lopsided, sin-
gle-epauletted lieutenant devours each year the
entire proceeds of five farms worth $5,000, each, and
labor.
I have not made myself acquainted with the
amount of the salaries in other States than my
own. The major general receives an annual salary
seven times greater than the governor of Ohio, who
is the chief executive officer of one of the largest and
most opulent States in the confederation. The
major general receives a salary seven times greater
than one of our supreme judges, whose duties are
more responsible, and whose labor is fourfold. The
major general receives a salary ten times'greater
than the salary of one of our circuit president
judges, whose responsibility—involving a3 it does
justice and patriotism, the severest exercise of the
mind, and the most arduous toil of thebody—exceeds
by far that of the duties and the responsibility of the
major general. Sir, I have no time to illustrate the
disparity in the salaries of the officers of the army
as compared with the salaries of our civil list in
this sliding scale from the highest to the lowest,
which I have named; my readers can do that at their
leisure. I have given the salary of the major gener-
al, and compared it with our governor's salary. I
have given the salary of a lieutenant in the army;
small and insignificant as is his position, his salary
is two hundred and fifty-three dollars greater than
the salary of the governor of Ohio.
1 have said that I thought there were too many
officers in our army and navy for the duties they
have to perform, and the number of men they have
to command. I have been brought to this conclu-
sion from the appropriations being out of all propor-
tion as compared with the number of our army, and
the size of our navy, and from the fact that this city
is crowded at all times with officers who seem to
have nothing to do but attend le\ees, balls, routs,
and assemblies, where each occupies the space of
two better men. Almost every other man you meet
on our avenues is a liveried drone. It will be re-
membered that the unfortunate victims of the Prince-
ton explosion were buried with the honors of war.
In that service there seemed- to be more officers,
more plumes, more epaulets, and more tinsel, than
accompanied Napoleon Bonaparte to the conquest
of Russia. Where did they come from? They
seemed to spring up like Roderick Dhu's men, or
like Macbeth's witches, out of the ground. Where,
I ask, did they come from? They did not come
from Florida, nor from the lake and border frontier,
nor from Oregon, at all of which places they should
have been, and where there was service for them to
do. It is provoking to the faithful representative of
his constituents' interests to see every path he at-
tempts to travel literally blocked up with liveried
drones, knowing, as he does, that their idleness, ex-
travagance, and debauchery, must be kept up by
the sweat of his constituents. I say debauchery;
for idleness and undue privileges are the parents of
vice and debauchery. The latter are as sure as the
former. I speak with exceptions, and mean not
those who are necessarily employed here, nor of
those who come here to make reports to the War
Department, or to receive orders from the same. I
speak of suckers, drones, arid loafejs—those who
i i-
tke
lioi
