414
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Army Jlppropriation Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps
circumscribe our enjoyments as a free people, sup-
press the spirit of emigration, and to prevent any
enlargement or spread of our republican institu-
tions, as well as personal liberty, in the support of
all of which the entire federal vote and influence is
to be found; the evidence of which is to be found in
the books which lie on my desk, and which I will
display, if any whig here dare contradict me. All
the acquisitions which have been made of territory,
as well as every enlargement of liberty and equal
rights, have been made by the democratic party,
against federal speeches, federal votes, federal slan-
ders, and federal caricatures.
Democratic men and democratic measures who
now stand highest in the public confidence and pub-
lic affection, were as odious and as much abused as
democratic men and democratic measures now are.
The tongue of slander is hushed against Jefferson,
because execration would be the lot of the man who
would attempt to defame his memory. The pur-
chase of Louisiana is how sung as a glorious ac-
quisition to our Union; but let another Thomas Jef-
ferson spring from the democratic family, and he
will be as much the subject of detraction, slander,
and caricature as his predecessor, so sure as
Oregon and Texas have been opposed with the same
violence that the acquisition of Louisiana was.
Federalism is federalism, and it can't be changed.
It is founded on principles immutable as the laws of
gravitation, and will forever be found to raise its crest
against all principles and measures which have free
principles and the spread of human liberty for their
object.
All this we have seen directed against the charac-
ter and the administration of General Jackson, as
well as in the new acquisitions of territory we are
about to makt.
I hold in my hand a coffin handbill. This in-
amous lie-bill wa3 started to defeat the election of
General Jackson. It contains the number of coffins
which it was said were filled with the murdered
victims of General Jackson. He was pronounced
as a cold blooded murderer; and this handbill con-
tains the name of each murdered victim, with ashort
biography of the cruel manner in which they weie
murdered; their good qualities in life, and the lamen-
tations of their friends after death. All good persons
are called upon to lament their death, and to execrate
their cruel murderer. The author and circulaters of
these handbills did not do all their friends justice;
they should have added to the number of coffins here
represented about four thousand more, to represent
the number of red coats that fell by the hand of
Jackson at New Orleans, and two more for their
more special friends Arbuthnot and Ambrister.
Poor fellows !!!
I will make a miniature representation of this cof-
fin handbill a part of my printed remarks. The
generation which has sprung up since their use for
political effect will feci a lively interest in seeing
them. I believe there are enough yet living who
can attest to their existence, and the use that was
made of them, if my word should be doubted. In
the presidential elections of 1824 and 1828, they
were spread far and wide, as numerous as mulberry
leaves in November; and there were floods of croco-
dile federal tears poured out over them. It is due to
the rising generation to let them know that the man
who now has a place in the heart, and whose name
dwells on the lips, of every man who loves his
country, was once the subject of the vilest slander,
the most malignant abuse, and the most unvarnish-
ed falsehood, by the almost entire whig party.
But let us follow up the federal mode of election-
eering. No man ever bore a more spotless reputa-
tion than Mr. Van Buren. His moral character
stands, and has ever stood, above suspicion. His
political character was, and is, of that marked, fear-
less, open, candid, and dignified character as to com-
mand the confidence and respect of all who knew
him best. His administration was dignified in its
character, bold, economical, and judicious, directed
to the honor and the best interests of tho country,
as all will acknowledge, and as history will mam-
tain, when the corrupting influem.es of party, which
have so long diseased and poisoned the public mind,
will have passed away. Yet no man, living or dead,
has ever been more the subject of falsehood and de-
traction. The basest me.ins were icsorted to to de-
fame him and his administration. The vilest slan-
ders that the most corrupt heart could entertain, and
the most degrading caricatures tlfat the most Mtiated
minds could invent, were all brought to bear against
his re-election. The cup of slander, vituperation,
And detraction was drained to its last dregs. The
measures of his administration the best calcu-
lated to advance the highest interests of the coun-
try, and the prosperity of the people, were trans-
formed into evils the most calamitous; his private
and his public virtues were converted into vices the
most alarming.
It would be a task of too much time and trouble to
repeat and refute the more than ten thousand false-
hoods and slanders that disgraced the country at that
time, or to enumerate the frauds that brought dis-
honor upon our government and shook its moral
pnd political institutions to their very foundation.
Ay, sir, caricature—that most degraded and degrad-
ing method of slander and of electioneering—was
resorted to then as theretofore by the federalists.
1 hold in my hand a caricature w hich overspread
the country in 1840. The mails groaned with the
number which were franked by whig members of
Congress. This degrading caricature is inscribed:
"High places in government, like steep rocks, only acces-
sible to eagles andreptiles "
This caricature represents General Jackson in the
character of a mud-turtle, crawling from the top to
the base of a mountain, and Martin Van Buren,
as a snake, wending his way to the top. General
Harrison is represented with the head of a man and
the body of an eagle. I hold another caricature.
This was the inscription of a banner displayed
from the head of every column that marched in all
the drunken orgie3 that disgraced the elections of
1840. This caricature represent Martin Van Buren
upon his back in the mire and sucking the teat
of a long-eared old sow, and is labeled
"Matty Van sticking the public teat
This disgusting libel is of a man who has been
twice honored with the highest and most responsi-
ble offices in the gift of the American people. I
may also make these caricatures a part of my print-
ed remarks, to the end that they may be brought in
contrast with the dignified character which the just
and impartial historian will present of the adminis-
trations of Jackson and Van Buren. I have 110
time to talk of the promises which were made to
the people in connection with the infamous slanders
which I have been briefly presenting; but I wish to
perpetuate in memory and record the fact that the
federalist denounced the administration of Mr. Van
Buren profligate and extravagant; and that,
if the people would unite with them in over-
throwing his administration, they would ad-
minister the government for less than half that
was expended by Mr. Van Buren. They also
promised prosperity to the people and to the coun-
try; public and private confidence was to be re-
stored, credit revived, money was to be plenty, and
the currency was to be sound, ay, usuch a currency
as the world never saw before.''''
How was the promise of economy fulfilled. In the
four years of Mr. Van Buren's administration, the
ordinary expenditures of the government amounted
to sixty-three millions of dollars, (in round num-
bers.) In the two first years of the federal admis-
tration, the aggregate amount of ordinary expend-
iture is fifty-eight millions of dollars, (in round
numbers.) Almost double the amount of the ordi-
nary expenditures in the same time. I am not going
to incumber my printed remarks with a detailed
specification of figures and facts. I have the re-
ports of the Secretary of the Treasury now before
me, and I dare successful contradiction? Was the
promise of plenty of money, prosperity to the
whole country, and eveiy individual, and "such a
currency as the world never saw before," fulfilled*
Yes, it was, to a certain extent; but not to the enthe
satisfaction of all the people. The loafeis and bank-
rupts prospered. This administration has been a
four years' jubilee for such characters; prosperity
has been theirs, and we have had plenty of money
and such a currency "as the world never did see;"
in quantity, it has been to the amount of twelve
millions of dollars; in quality, it has been bankrupt
notices. Double expenditures and twelve millions
of bankrupt notices have been our currency, and the
reward for the overthrow of the democratic party
in 184U—just such a currency, and ju3t such a re-
ward, as we merited.
After the federal triumph in 1840—a triumph mark-
ed above all other triumphs ever known, military
or political, by unbounded rejoicings, bacchanalian
feasts, drunken orgies, balls, routs, singing, music,
dancing, huzzas, and insults and sneers to the de-
mocracy—I say, after that triumph, Mr. Clay, m
the United States Senate, likened the democracy to
a felon who had been tried by a jury, found guilty
condemned, and standing in the cart, under the gal-
lows, ready for the rope. How forcibly does all
this.remmd one of the fate of Absalom and Haman!
How admirably their treachery, their wicked
schemes, and their fatal end, illustrates,the frauds,
the perjuries, the, briberies, and the demoral-
izing corruptions of the federalists,, and particu-
larly their leaders in 1840. And how like
their end has that of the federalists been? Ab-
salom was hung while riding a mongrel beast,
much like that on which Mr. Clay rode, (for such
is the composition of the federal party.) Haman
was hung on the same gallows which he erected for
Mordecai. Permit me to inquire, with a modesty
and a diffidence which I claim to be almost peculiar
to myself, who now has been tried as a felon, found
guilty by his jury, condemned by his judges, and
now stands in the cart with the rope round his neck,
under the gallows which he erected for the democ-
racy? I will let Mr. Clay, the embodiment of the
whig-federal party, answer. As sure as God is
just, there is a day of fearful retribution for the
wicked. That dark day now hangs over the fed-
eral party; and the calamities, the disgrace, and the
evils which they had prepared for the democracy have
fallen upon themselves; whether or not they will
profit by it is yet to be seen. "God loveth whom he
chastenethIt may be that the calamities visited
upon them by their wickedness may improve their
political morals.
But, sir, I must talk of the frauds, forgeries, bribe-
ries, and slanders, which were practised by the
federalists in the recent election. It is to them that
I wish to direct the attention of this House and the
country more particularly, hoping that an expose of
them may have the effect to direct public attention
to some plan of more effectually preventing a repeti-
tion of them. A duty which I owe to myself, to
my country, and to the purity of the elective fran-
chise, would, at all times, induce me to vigilance in
so important a trust, whether in public or private
life; but my attention has been called more imme-
diately to the exposes I am about to make. I am
not, at this time, going to expose double voting or
fraudulent votes. I am not in the possession of the
evidence of such votes. I have not made inquiries
as to the extent to which iniquities may have been
practised in other States than my own. I think the
ballot-boxes were too well guarded in Ohio for the
perpetration of many of the frauds that character-
ized the election of 1840. That kind of voting I ex-
posed, to some extent, and the fatal effects that
must result from it, in a speech which I had the
honor to make here last session. I have said that
by whatever means the public mind may be poison-
ed in relation to political men and political meas-
ures, equally injures the value of the elective fran-
chise, and corrupts the ballot-box, upon the purity
of which depend the duration of our present form
of government, and the perpetuity of our free insti-
tutions. I am now to talk of forgeries, undue influ-
ences, briberies, &c., which were carried to an
alarming extent in the recent canvass, and with ef-
fects that diminished, I have no doubt, the popular
vote for the democratic candidates to a great extent.
Permit me to enumerate some of these frauds and
their effects as practised in Georgia—first of the
frauds, then of the effects. A circular was issued and
circulated in that State, purporting to be signed hy
Sir R. Peel and others of London, inviting all lead-
ing members of the free-trade party to call on and
draw upon their house (designating the house) m
New York, for whatever amount of money nn^ht
be wanting to conduct and ^eeiue the election of
Col. Polk, as follows:
"London, September } 5, 1^11.
''Ti thefrre-tradt party of th* I'm>?>!
••We, the undersigned, mem! erf- oi the tory part) ofFn^-
land. anvious end willing to aid tho n.usc "and hasten the
tnumph ol bee trade pi nubile* thiuughout the "world and
especially on the continent of America, have a\i<iU-dom-
selves ol thi< occasion to addit'sss this brief cnenlar to our
tory brethren m tin- Un:U-d States u ho an; ?< .tkmsly t n-
gciged in elleofng 'he ascendency ol our 'uetvme* by elect-
ing to the pic-«i V:n \ that ^toiling and iratlmchn g tor) , and
piond dfOfinU'i'1 vt a toi %. Mi lames. K } oik, and to
our tor\ br..fhri*r un the'uppucitv m!c ct' tin* n ..ici. thu* th"
mone} and talent* ot en ir«'ud an 1 trm* ton i-s Li'^l.u.d
ai c at all times, and -4iall bo Lencdos th at tin- i_orai?iand. mo
mcc md disposal oi' tin leading pa; t^nus «-.j Jai i - K hjik.
who have >o Song <;nth*ied n,d endured the cut os
of protectee taint's and negio sla\e!%
'lhis circnhi will be transmitted c*vrctly through il>
mails to the ^ unou* postmasters end oihi r go>tinmem vns
cers of the United States All bills oi draft* for mora) o 
documents nutat be addiessed with psoper caution and o
