Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41t
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Army Appropriation Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
of the few whose locations and whose occupa-
tions may make it peculiarly favorable to them.
Noj can any government manufacture powers or
privileges. It may transfer powers and privileges;
or it can rob one class of the community, or the mass
of the people, of powers and privileges which never
were surrendered in the formation of the government;
but all such exercises of power are a violation of the
fundamental principles of the government, apolitical
robbery, and a violence on the sacred rights of the
people. If the law-making power in a State incor-
porates a bank, the advantages consist in the exclu-
sive privileges which are bestowed to the incorpo-
rated company. Prom whence are those exclu-
sive privileges drawn? The answer is plain.
They are drawn from all the remainder of the peo-
ple who are not embraced in the corporation. It
is, I repeat, a violence and a robbery upon their
rights which the constitution was made to defend
and protect. So with a protective system of policy.
If extraordinary duties are imposed upon foreign
importations, it operates directly as a bonus to those
who manufacture all articles on which is imposed
such duty; and that,'too, at the expense of the entire
community not engaged in the manufacturing of
such articles. A protective system must be an op-
pressive system, because it must be partial. A sys-
tem of protection, as applied to the imposition of
high duties which would extend to all persons in
the community, would be no protection at all. It
would destroy itself. Sir, permit me to admonish
those who read me, if they would avoid that state
of inequality, vassalage, poverty, and pauperism
which have reduced millions in Europe to eat black
bread in sorrow, to set their faces and exercise the
political powers which are theirs, against those sys-
tems of monopoly and partial protection which the
federal party are attempting to fix on them and the
country. We have passed an election of the chief
magistrate of the country; that election is more
glorious on account of the triumph of principles than
of men—that is its chief glory. We have elected a
man whose purity of puipose will be directed to the
honor and to the highest interests of the country, to
the whole country, and nothing but the country.
We have defeated a man whom I believe to be one of
the most corrupt and dangerous men living. 1 be-
lieve him to be the Catiline of the age, and who, if
he had been elected, would have overthrown those
free and equal institutions which are the guardians
of our personal liberty and the anchor of our politi-
cal hope, and would, so far as his official power
would have enabled him, have supplanted their place
with privileged orders, odious monoplies, and sub-
verting influences. I believe no man ever spoke
more truth, in the same number of words, than did
Jno. Randolph, when he said "Henry Clay was
talented, but he was corrupt. He stinks and shines,
and shines and stinks, like a rotten mackerel
(27)
by moonlight." How narrowly did we escape!
Through the whole canvass, high hopes inspired and
stimulated the entire federal ranks; while despair
and doubt, dark as the cloud of midnight, occasion-
ally hung over the democracy. So confident were
the federalists of victory that, as I am told, a magni-
ficent and gorgeous coach was constructed to convey
the body of the "great embodiment" f.rom Wheeling to
the capital mansion; but oh, how mortifying! Col-
onel Polk rode in that coach to the capital mansion.
Saul sought the life of David, and while pursuing
him with all his royal power, David at one time
cut the skirt from his cloak; at another time he took
from him his staff and his cruse of water. God was
on the side of David and the children of Israel. God
was on the side of Polk and the people.
I have said that, out of the great and multiplied promises
made the people in 1840, if the federalists could get power,
there was but one fulfilled—that was "such a am enaj as the
world never saw, and plenty of it•" That promise, I repeat,
was fulfilled. The quality was bankrupt notices—the
quantity was twelve millions. Some wag has sent we the
model of a bank note, which he says was to be our currency
in the event ofMr. Clay's election. Here it is. It is a hand-
some picture; a good looking bank note; and I believe
would have about as much intrinsic value as other bank
notes, which have been, and are likely to be, a part of our
currency. For I see our Ohio whig legislature are about
passing a bank bill, which is again to overshadow the
State, and perhaps the country, with a spawn of shin-plas-
tcrs. To say nothing of the flourishes and images of men
and beasts.it reads as follows:
"Huzza! huzza! the country's rising
For Henry Clay and Fi'elmghuysen.
"Bank of the United States—capital $200,000,000—received
in all government dues—payable in whig glory—in old
United States Bank notes—or m generous confidence—at the
option of the holder—T. Frelinghuyscn, cashier—H. Clay,
president."
I will make a cut of this federal whig bank note a part of
my printed remarks, for the amusement of my readers, it is
in character with the currency of bankrupt notices It is
a great misfortune that there could not have been a large
issue of these notes before the election. They could all
now be redeemed with coon skins.
Mr. Chairman, the chief object 1 have had in making these
exposes is to guard the democracy of the country against
the effects of such corrupt and fraudulent means as are re-
sorted to by the federal party to deceive them. 1 will ask
them, if they have no immediate use for this expose, to put
it away; and when an interesting election comes on, return
to it, and compare the federal means used with the means
heretofore used, as here exposed. They will see again
repeated what has eharaeterized every election that
has gone before—caricature, bribery, slander, and de-
tiaction. Perhaps a reperusal of this expose may
have the effect to lead them to compare the means which
will be used with those which have been u>ed, and conclu-
sions may be drawn that will save them from being made
the dupes and the subjects of such frauds.
i cannot take my seat without warning my readers against
the influence and designs ot new factions which periodically
spring up for political effect, but with professions moral and
patriotic. A reference to past factions, and their designs,
ought to be sufficient to open the eyes of every man against
the snares of factions which, no doubt, will hereafter spring
up, as well as against new names which will be assumed for
political etfect. Why is it that every new faction that springs
up, as well as every new political name that is assumed, is
brought to hear against the democracy'' Political fraud has
over and over displayed itself to be tlie object, and still the
people will permit themselves to be deceived. In the .midst
of war, when gloom overspread the countiy dark as the cur-
tain ©f night—when every national energy and when every
man worthy of the name of an American should have been
concentrated on national defence, there was a peace party
sprung up, which had for its object national subjection and
national disgrace. That faction rallied manyto its disgraceful
banner; all of whom were turned against the democrary.
Next came, after that, the anti-masonic porty, which had its
day; and from its disgraceful beginning to its disgraceful end
operated against the democracy, Next followed the aboli-
tion faction, whoso object, from its beginning, seemed to be
but to divide and conquer the democracy. No sooner does
its leaf become sere and yellow than the native American
faction shows its head, and arrays itself against the democj
racy, and combines itself as well with the federal party as
with the remnants of the factions which preceded it. But, as
I before remarked, this is an old faction under a new
name. Of all factions that ever disgraced American soil,
or polluted the American name, this is the most politi-
cally dishonorable and anti-republican It is at war with
every patriotic principle and with national gratitude. It
should be supposed that the well-known fact that there is
not a field on which a battle was fought, either in our glori-
ous revolution, or our second war tor independence, that
did not drink the blood of foreigners, more especially that of
the Irishman and the German, would secure to the foreigner
the rights of an American citizen. Lafayette, Pulaski, De-
kalb, Kosciusco, and Steuben, were all pilgrims in the cause
of American independence—all rendered services in that
cause that demand, in the name of justice, patriotism, and
gratitude, the rights of an American to their respective
countrymen; and he who would deny them such
rights is unworthy of them himself, and should
be transported and consigned to Russian despot-
ism. Montgomery was an Irishman.. He poured
out the last drop of life on the plains of Abraham hefore th©
walls of Quebec. Has he gained nothing for the oppressed
sons of Ireland > Who would deny to the countrymen of
Montgomery the rights of an American7 Retributive jus-
tice would consign him to linger and languish by the op-
pressions which Great Britain imposes on Ireland. I have
before said that the object of the native American party is
to disfranchise the foreigner; and their whole'object w to
reach the German and the- Irishman They are two to one
in number as compared with all other foreigners, and jthey
vote the democratic ticket. II they voted the whig ticket
we would hear of no native American associations. It is to
advance federal whigery that the Germans and the Irish
are to be disfranchised. Germans and Irishmen1 I
wish you were here; 1 would appeal to you—I would
say to you, as you abhor the despotism fiom which
you have fled, and a? you love and revere the
government and the free institutions you have adopt-
ed, turn upon your enemy, it will be the united
effort of the whig and native American parties to crush you
to the earth—to sink you into political and civil degrada-
tion. A spirit of resentment is an instinct of animatad cre-
ation—Irom man, the image of his Maker, to the worm of
the dust. If you wish to perpetuate those rights which the
constitution has secured to you and those of your country-
men who are to come after you, your only hope is through
and by the demociacy. The democracy are your friends:
the}' have stood by you, and will stand by you. Will you
st<md by them' in all our political struggles, will you be
found rail} ing under the banner of democracy J As the de-
mocracy and the democratic principles are maintained and
perpetuated, so will your rights be perpetuated and main-
tained The foreign blood which was drunk by the soil to
which yorf have fled, and which you have adopted as your
home, d&ftands, in silent admonition, that you shall at al^
times do buttle in the glorious cause of democracy.
