XLVI
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- 1,325 79
1,600 00
500 00
54.000 00
1,566 00
for pro?ecutions for offences committed against
the United States, and for the safe-keeping of
prisoner ------- -150,000 00
For expenses incurred and to be incurred for the
support, clothing, and medical tieatment of the
in ane paupcis of tuo Di-tnctof Columbia
For reimbursement of the Philadelphia Board of
.Underwriter^ foi expenses paid and to be pawl
by them in maintaining the light on the Dela-
ware brenkwater, fiom the first of July, eigh-
teen hundred and foity-four, to the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundied and foity-six
For outfitsofchaig6 5 des aflaires to Texas, Aus-
tria, Pern, and Venezuela -
That the proper accounting officers of the Treas
ury aie hsieby authoiizcd and directed to allow
to William H. Snlos, chaig6 d'affaires to Aus-
tria, his salary from the tenth dnv of May, to
the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred and
toity-five, and to pay the same mitotan}' other
unexpended balance o! the appropriations for
salanesofthe charges des affaires of the United
States.—[Indefinite.}
For outfits a* the lafe chnrg£<* des affaire? to
Peru and Venezuela, and ehaig&s des affaires
to Naples, Holland, New Grenada, Sweden,
Portugal, Denmark, Belgium, Saidima, Chili,
and Buenos Ayie  ------
For contingent expenses of all the missions abroad 30,000 00
For payment of invalid pensions under vatious
laws 74,000 00
For payment of pensions under act of July four,
eighteen hundred and thirty-sk - 102,000 00
Fot payment ot widows' pensions under act of
July seven, eighteen bundled and thirty-eight,
and the acts supplementary then to - - -103,800 00
For lepainng o{ the State artiiluiy of the State of
Louisiana, injured in the service of the United
States m Texas, duiing the summer and fall of
eighteen hundred and toity-five -
For payment ot four companies of Texas volun-
teers and two companies of Louisiana volun- |
teeis, including the supplies required by the !
^uaitermaster's department - 69,205 68 j
For transpoitation of officers* baggage - - 30,000 00 ;
For the transpoitation of troops iin'd supplies of j
the army, including the baggage of-the troops
when moving eithei by land oi water; freight
and lermses; the purchase or hire of horses,
mules, oxen, carts, wagons, and boats, for the
transpoitation of supplies, and forganison pur-
pose*; dia> age and cartage atthcsevoial po.ns;
hire ot'teamsters; transpoitation ot funds of the
pay depditment; expense of sailing public
tiaiv-pmts between the posts on the Gull'of
Mexico, and proemmg watrjr at such po-ts as
fiom their situation icquireit; of clothing trom
the depdt at Philadelphia to the stations ot the
troops; of'sub-iatenee from the places of pur-
chase and fiom the places ot dehveiy, under
contracts, to such places as the necessities of
the service may lequire it to be sent, of oid-
nance, ordnance stores, and small aims fiom
the foundru s and avmowe«. to tiie ai^enal^, for-
tification-, and frontier posts - -630,000 00
For the leguiar supplies for the quartermaster's
department, consisting oi fuel, forage in kind
for the authorized numbei of officers' horses,
arid tor the horses, mules, and oxen belonging
to the quaitermastei'-s department at the seve-
ral military poets and stations, and for the
horses of the two regiments of d lagoons and of
the four companies of light artillery j of stiaw
foi soldiers' bedding; and of stationery,{inclu-
ding company and othei blank books for the
aimy, certificates for dischargedsoldiois, blank
forms for the pay and quartermaster's depart-
ments, and the printing department orders,
hi my regulations, and ge'neiai regulations - 100,000 00
For amount leqiurcd for the support of the Peni-
tentiary of the Di-itnctof Columbia, foi the fis-
cal year ending thirtieth June, eighteen hundred
and forty-six
For refunding certain duties collected under the
act of the thiitieth of August, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, entitled " An act to provide rev-
enue from imports, and to change and modify
pxisting laws imposing duties on import*, and
for other purposes," contiai v to the temis of the
convention of eighteen hundiedand fifteen, be-
tween Great Britain and the United States, m
fulfilment of the agreement lately entered into
bv the Government of the United Slates and
GicatBatai n ----__ - 100,000 00
For compensation and mileagp of Senators and
membeis of the House of Representatives and
Delegates, the same being rcndeied necessaiy
by an increase in the nuniboi of Sonatois and
membois of the House of Kepiesentatives - 20.000 00
For conmisfciit expenses of foreign mteicourse - 7,500 00
For salary of the commi.-sioner to reside in China
fiom the fust of Apnl to the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and foity-five - 1,250 00
11,949 64
percent, m lieu of investment per second arti-
cle of tit-aiy of fourteenth July, eighteen hun-
dred and foity six - - -
For defraying the necessary expenses of negotia-
ting the tieaty, payment to the Missionary so-
ciety of the Methodist Episcopal Church, tor
improvements, erection of a mill, and for pio-
vifions, per same article and treaty - - -
For expenses of suiveying the western line ot
lands cedcd, and marking the* same, per third
article of the same treaty - -
2,000 00
1,000 00
$3,709,914 99
By the act making appropriations for certain objects
of expenditure therein specified, viz:
For the pay and mileage of members of Congiuss
and Delegates ------ -176,548 00
For the expenses of the mission to the wild Indi-
ans of the prairie, including the expenses of a
delegation of these Indians to the city of Wash-
ington, and back to their homes, and also some
piesentstothem  50,000 00
For fulfilling treaty with the Kansas Indians, viz:
interest on two hundred thousand dollars, at five
By the act for the relief of John R. Williams.
For'damages done to 'his faun, known, by the
name ot the Springweil Farm, situate in the
then Territory, now State of Michigan, while
in the occupancy of the United States troops,
m the years eighteen hundred and thiiteen and
eighteen hundied and fourteen, and in lull pay-
ment ot said damages -
By the act for the relief of Gregory Thomas, and
otheis.
Being three hundred dollars for expfn^es incurred
by them for icpairs, and five hundred dollars
for detention occasioned by injuries to their
pilot-boat, by a collision with the United States
steamer Colonel Harney, on th^ ocean, on the
night of the fiis-t October, eighteen hundredand
foity-ioui ------
By the act for the rchej of Samuel D. Walker, of
Battvmot e.
Being the amount ot duty levied (on four hun-
dred and loit>-one seioons ot Spanish leaf to-
bacco; by the ac t of second Match, one thou-
sand eiijht hundred and thiity-three
JBy the act for the relief of the heirs arul legal rep
rcsait-ilives of Cyrus Turner, deceased.
For depredations and injuries committed by that
band of Sioux Indians known and designated
as the North Sur>itons oi Lake Traverse In-
dians; which sum of money shall be deducted
fiom any annuity which may now be or here-
after may become due from tins Government to
said band of Indians -
By the act to allow Elijah White reimbursement of
expenses inc wired by him as acting sub-agent of
Indiun affairs west of the Rocky Mountains
By the act for the relief of Jlhraham Ilorback.
Benitf the amount of a diaft dtavvn by James Ree-
&ide on the Post Office Dcpaitment, dated the
eighteenth day of Apnl, eighteen hundied and
thirty-five, payable cm the first day of January,
eighteen hundiedand thirty-six, and accepted
by the Treasuier of the Post Office Department;
which ^atd draft w a^> endorsed by sa*d Abraham
Horbaeh, at the instance of the said James Ree-
sule, and the amount drawn from the Bank of
Philadelphia, and at matunty said draft was
protested for non-payment, and said Horbaeh
became liable to pay, in consequence of his en-
doisement, and did pay, the lull amount ot said
draft (including interest) -
By the act for the relief of Henry Ellin*.
Being a portion of the amount expended by him
in prosecuting a suit against the Commeieial
Bank of New 'Oi leans, to recover public moneys
deposited theiein ______
By the aft for the relief of William B. Lang.
For'excess of duties to this amount, paid by said
Lang ---------
By the act for the relief of the heirs of Robert
Fulton.
For claims of the said Robeit Fulton against the
United States, due at the time of the death of
the said Fulton, foi inventing floating steam-
batteries, and superintending the conduction
of the steam-frigate Fulton, for the detention of,
and damages to, his steamboat Vesuvius, and
for the gieat benefits conferred on the country
by his improvements m the application ot steam
to navigation
By the act for the relief of James Gee.
I For arrearage of pension at the late of foui dollars
I per month, fiom the twenty-second day of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and thntv-seven, to
the third day of December, eighteen hundred
and toity-two
By the art for the relief of Langiry and Jenkins.
For damage sustained by them in consequence of
the violation of a contract on the part of the
Government agent-, m refusing to receive tin ee
thousand pair-; of shoes ronti acted to be receiv-
ed at the Cheiokee agency, m the summer of
eighteen hundred and thnty-eisht, for the use
of pooi and de>titute Clierokces, to equip them
foi then lemoval west -
By the act for the relief of Nathaniel Stafford.
For amount of aireaiage due to him, at the late of
eight dollaispcr month, from the seventeenth
ol May, eighteen hundred and fourteen, to the
thiitieth day of March, eighteen hundredand
forty-six, at which time Ins pension, aheady
allowed,-commenced under existing laws
By the act for the tehef of Samuel D. Enochs,
For a mare lost in the service of the United States
By the resolution to authorize the transmission and
presentation of books to the Minister of Jttstice
oj France, in exchange for books received from
him. ^
That for the purpose aforesaid there be appro-
priated, out of any money in the tieasurv not
otherwise appropuated, a sum not exceeding -
11 Bv the act to establish the Smithsonian liuiUviioti,
! I fjr the increase and dijfuslon oj knowledge uwtong
10,000 00 jj ere(,tion 0f suitable buildings, and for
I! other current incidental expenses, =neli sain of
II interest as may have accrued ou fnnd,«ii the
I! first day of July neat - "•4' 3 ~
By the act for the relief of Jotefh Kemball-
For work done on Madisou barracks, at Detroit,
in eighteen hundred and sixteen -
Bv the act for the relief of George p. Spaicer.
For taking tiie census ot two precincts >n the
county of Montgomery, in the state of Mary-
land. in the year eighteen hundred and forty -
By the actf,*thereVkf-<Sf SjmiKtMltoJenb,xr«er.
For money wrongfully received by the Bectjver
oftlie land office at Waupaukowtta district, IB
the Ktate of Ohio, for the northeast qoaifcrot
the northeast <iuarter of section four, m town-
ship number six south, of range number eight
cast
Bv the act for the relief of JM*im McCulloch.
For tin lesral title of Coat bland, in th« State of
Maine, (whereon a light-house has been built
by the United States)
$239,548 00
2,000 00
800 00 i
616 27
198 47
76 23
50 00
300 00
1,500 00
2,176 59
8,197 21
9,606 00
415 22
230 00
1,443 65
3.060 00
SO 00
500 00 .
By the ad for the relief of John G. Pierie.
For the Mim exacted on the entry of the brig At-
drick at the New York custom-house, as tbreigo
tonnage, because of having foreign seamen, who
were shipped from Oporto from necessity
Bu the act for the relic j of 3frs. Pike, widow of the
late General Bike.
For compensation for two years' extraordinary
services in two exploring expeditions by die
said General (then lieutenant) Pike 10 the
sources of the Mississippi, in eighteen hundred
and five and eighteen hundred and six, and to
the sources of the Arkansas and Great Platte,
and through New Mexico, in eighteen hundred
and six and eighteen hundred and seven -
By the act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Pierre Menard, Jozuih 1%. Betts, Jacoh Fea-
rtian, and Edmund Roberts, of the Stcje of Tlli-
nois, sureties of Felix St. Train, late Indian
agent, deceased.
Being the amount of salary of said St. Train re-
maining unpaid at the time oi his death, and
the sum of two hundred dollars, paid by b'im to
Mr. Karnham to hand to gunsmith and hJaek-
fcmith, and for which his account vras never
credited, with six per cent, interest per annum
from the thirteenth day of December, one -
thousand eight hundred and thiru -nine, being
the time when the execution against the sureties
of said St. Vrain was satisfied -
By the act for the relief oj Thomas Jip O-itesby
Jones.
It being the balance due him on his accounts as
rendered to the United States -
By the act for the relief of Isaiah Parker.
For arrears of pension from March fourth,eighteen
hundred and twentythree. to October thirty-
one, eighteen hundred and thiny-six
By the act for the relief of John MeJUMister,
Being the amount still due him as encouragement
for his enlistment into the army of the "United
States, under the provisions of the act of Con-
gress approved twenty-seventh January, eigh-
teen hundred and fourteen -
By the act for the relief of John C<m\ John Betty,
and Samuel Stevenson, seamen onboard the ithcue
ship Margaret.
For their detention, under the authority of the
United States, five hundred and thirty-eight
* days each, at the rate of one dollar and iwenty-
^ five cents per day, amounting to two thousand
t. and sixteen dollars and fifty cents, to give evi-
dence on the trial of Harper. Rodman, Latham,
and Hummstor, for mutiny and setting fire to
1 the abovenamed ship whilst on a "whaling voy-
age in the Pacific Ocean - - - -
By the act for the relief of the heirs of Doctor John
Gray, deceased
By the act for the relief of Richard Hargr are Lee.
For moiety of the penalty of four hundred dollars,
paid by said Lee, by mistake, for a breach of
the revenue laws committed by him on the
thirtieth of December, one thousand eight bun-
dled and twenrj -nine, after deducting from said
penalty of four hundred dollars the amount of
the Hue penalty winch ought to have i>cen paid
by taid Lee, according to the provision*- t*i
act ot the third March, one thun^.uid eight Hun-
dred and twenty-three - - - ' _
By the act to exempt cotfce imjrtrtc,' from the X, ih-
erlandsfioni duty, in certain cases, und for t-thtr
fni rpo <<is. — [ I n d e ti rute. ]
By the act to legalize certain Ut> 1 nf
Chordanna aiul Cal^mL-s.in or' Vk^is-
sippi. ami to indemnify the Chod.vrs fihewr —
[indefinite.]
By the johd re^lut'on profiling tor temporary
mail service in 7[Imleiimtc.l
By the joint resolution to >cf«nA to States end in-
dividual* ei pc,;*•?<! incur red M/ fhcm widtr cniis
Jor mihfi.r m<Je bi, Gcxo-aU Gaines and Tat/ioi.
—•[Indefinite.]
By the joint resolution directing the pnxnnent of cer-
tain volunteers and miti'tir^ nnd<*r the limitations
t.iej-cin prescribed.—[Indefinite.}
Bl'u\e act to rcjhnd to certain persons art excess of
duty ex-icted on the importation of foiet&t nn>r-
chandise,—{Indefinite f J 5
102 25
3,000 00
427 40
1*501 78
; 00
50 00
2,016 50
5,000 00
160 00
