THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLATrt & RIVES-
29th Con-gress> 1st Session,
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1845.
New Series....No. 1.
This is the first sheet of the Congressional
Globe for this session (the 1st of the 29th Con-
gress;) and those persons who may receive it will,
by looking through it, see that it contains a suc-
cinct history of the Proceedings of Congress.
The Appendix is printed in the same form, and
contains all the speeches made in both Houses
of Congress, written out, or revised, by the mem-
bers themselves.
It is expected that each of these works will make
near ] ,000 royal quarto pages this session. The
px'ice is §1 50 for one copy of either; $5 far four
copies of either, or part of both; $10 for eight
copies of either; and $25 for twenty-five copies
■of either. After the first day of next month (Jan-
uary, 1846) the price will be $2 a copy for either,
no matter how many copies are taken
The Congressional Globe and Appendix will
both be stereotyped. We will furnish subscribers
with lost or missing numbers without making any
•charge therefor,
Messrs. Ritchie & Heiss have transferred their
subscribers for the " Congressional Union and
Appendix" to us, and we will send to them the
Congressional Globe and Appendix. If any sub-
scribers for the ^ Congressional Union and Ap-
pendix" shall dislike this arrangement we will
refund the money.
TWENTY-NINTH CONGRESS,
FIRST SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 1, 1845.
At twelve o'clock the VICE PRESIDENT J
took the chair, and called the Senate to order, '
the following Senators being present: j
Froin Maine—George Evans and John Fairfield.
From New Hampshire—Charles G. Atherton
and. Benning A. Jenness.
From Massachusetts—John Davis.
From Vermont—Samuel S. Phelps and William
Upham.
From Rhode Island—Albert C. Greene and
James F. Simmons.
From Connecticut—Jabez W, Huntiiigton and
John M. Niles.
From New York—John A. Dix.
From New Jersey—William L. Dayton and Ja-
cob W. Miller.
Front Pennsylvania—Daniel Sturgeon and Si-
mon Cameron*.
From Delaware—Thomas Clayton and John M.
Clayton.
From Virginia—William S. Archer.
From North Carolina—Willie P. Mangum&nd
William H. Haywood.
From South Carolina—George McDuffie.
From Georgia—Walter T. Colquitt.
From Tennessee—Hopkins L. Turney.
Fro i Kentucky—John ./. Crittenden.
From Ohio—William Allen and Thomas Coricin.
From Indiana—Edward A. Hannegan.
From Louisiana—Henry Johnson.
From Mississippi—Jesse Speight and J. W.
Chalmers.
From Illinois—Sydney Breese and James Sem-
ple.
From Alabama—Arthur P. Bagby and Dixon
H. Lewis.
From Missouri-—Thomas H. Benton and David
R. Atchison.
From Arkansas—Ambrose H. Sevier and
Chester Ashley.
From Michigan—Lewis Cass.
From Florida—David Levy and James D.
Westcott.
Note.—The'names of the Democrats are in Itoraan, and
the names of the in italic lrftcrs.
Mr. SEVIER presented the credentials of H,
L. TuRNF.y, elected a Senator from the State of
Tennessee for the term of six years from the
fourth of March, 1845,
The credentials having been read, Mr. Turney
was sworn, and took Ins sent.
Mr. SPEIGIIT presented the credentials of Jo-
seph W. Chalmers, appointed a Senator from
the State of Mississippi, to fill the unexpired term
of R, J. Walker, lesigned. :
The credentials having been read, Mr. Ctial- !
mer-s was sworn, and took his scat.
Mr. (MMTTENDEiN pre^ent^d the credentials -
of John Da^is, elected a Senator from the State
of Massachusetts, to fill the unexpired term of ;
Isaac C. Dates, deceased. j
The credentials being read, Mr. Dams was ,
sworn, and took his seat. '
Mr. ATHERTON presented the credentials of
B. A. Jenness, appointed a Senator from the ■
State of New liampshue, to fill the unexpired
term of Lem Woodbury, resigned.
The credentials having been read, Mr. Jenness
was sworn, and took his seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Governor of Flori-
da, containing the credentials of Dawd Lew and
J. D. Westcott, elected Senators from the State
of Floiula.
The credentials having been read, Messrs. Le\y
and Westco'it were sworn, and took their seats.
Mr. SEVIER suggested the piopr.ety ol pro-
ceeding to a classification of the two new Senators,
and with that view he would oiler ihc following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Senate proceed to as *eriam
the classes m which the Senators from the State of ,
Florida shall be inseiied, m conformity to the re- ,
solution of the 14th of May, 1781), and as the ;
Constitution requires; that the Secretary put into j
the ballot box two papers of equal size, one of
winch shall be numbered two, and the other shall ,
be numbered three, and each Senator shall draw j
out one paper; that the Senator who shall draw j
the paper number two shall be inserted ui the class j
of Senators whose term of service will expire the '
third day of March, I&43, and the Senator who j
shall draw the paper numbered three, shall be in- \
serted in the class of Senators whose term of ser- i
vice will expire the third of March, 1851.
The resolution having been agreed to,
Mr. WESTCOTT expressed his entire will-
ingness to make such an arrangement as would be
agreeable to his colleague as to their respective
terms of service. With a view to obviate the ne-
cessity of a ballot, he would be entirely satisfied to
serve for the shouet period.
Mr. LEVY expressed his gratitude to his col-
league for the kind spirit m which his oiler was
made, although he thought the reverse of his sug-
gestion would be the more proper course, tie
was perfectly willing to acquiesce in the sugges-
tion of his colleague, but expressed a doubt whe-
ther the rule which required a ballot could be dis-
pensed with. If not, he could only oner his
thanks to las colleague.
Mr. SPEIGHT said that no agreement which
the two Senators might make between themselves
could be allowed to annul the rules of the Senate.
Mr. ARCHER wished to be informed why ihe
resolution specified only two ballots, when there
we.re three classes of Senators, it appeared to
him that it would be necessary that there should
be three ballots placed in the box, and that the
balloting should not be confined to the second and
third classes.
Mr. SPEIGHT had not distinctly heard the ob-
jection of the Senator from Virginia. He would
therefore merely state, that the reason for omitting
the ballot for the first class, as he understood it,
was, that this class already contained more than its
proportionate number of Senators.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, the further con-
sideration of the resolution was then postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate ac-
quaint the House of Representatives that the Sen-
ate is rf-ady to proceed to business.
Mr. ATHERTON moved the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to:
Ordered, That the daily hour of meeting of tlie
Senate be twelve o'clock, meridiem,
Mr. CAMERON moved the following resolu-
tion:
Retailed, That the members of the Senate be
supplied with the usual number of newspapers
daring the session.
Mr. NILES moved to amrmd the resolution, by
adding the woi'd.s, "■ not oxvoduig the cost of three
diuiy papers," so as to make it conform to previ-
ous resolutions of a similar import.
The amendment was agreed to - and the resolu-
tion, as amended, wa1, then agreed to.
Mr. SPEIGHT submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, Thai a eonmmXec be appointed, jointly
wall su- h committee as may be appointed by the
. House of Representatives, to wait on the Presj-
I dent of the United Struct, and inform li.m that
I quorums of both Houses h-"e assembled, and
! that Congress is ready to receive any ceniinunica-
■ tion he ivk;y be pleased to make.
j Mr. ALLEjN suggested the propriety of pass-
1 in" \)V this resolution until the Senate should be
! oiii. iallv notified that the IToime of Representa-
tives had or_\in:zed itself.
Mr. SPEIGHT a<sentim;-, the resolution was,
for the pre-t.it. 1 ud on the t.u;'c.^
; Mr. CRITTENDEN uave n >tb e that he should,
j to-mormw, ask 3<\tvc to introduce a bid for the
1 purchase by ti«e United Slates of the slock of the
, Louisville and Portland Canal Corn}.any; and a
: bill for the improvement of the navigation of the
rivers Ohio, iVhssissippi, and Arkansas.
Ori motion of air. Allex,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 1, 1845.
At ]2 o'clock meridian, Bexjamin B. Frexcii,
Esq., the Clerk of the House at the last session rf
Congress, (and who, by the tenor of his appoint-
ment, remains Clerk until a successor is elected,)
rose and said, that, as the hour of twelve o'clock
had arrived, he would, in pursuance of usage, if
not objected to, call over the list of members by
States, for the purpose of ascertaining the names
of those present, and whether a quorum was m at-
tendance.
No objection having been made—
The Clerk proceeded to coll the roll by States,
commencing with the State of Maine; and having
gone through the list, it was found that the fol-
lowing named members were in attendance:
From the State of Matxi;—Messrs. Dunlap,
Hamlin, McCrate, Sawtelle, Scammon, Severance,
and Williams.
From the State of New Hampshire—Messrs
Johnson, Moulton, and Norris.
From the State of Massachusetts—Messrs.
Abbott9 Adams, Ashmun, GrinnelU Hudson, king,
Rockwell, Thompson, and WitUhrop.
From the State of Rhode Island—Messrs. Ar-
nold and Cranston.
From the State o/Coxxecticut—Messrs. Dixon,
Hubbard, Rockwell, and Smith.
From Ihe Slate of Vermont—Messrs. Collamer,
Dillingham. Foot, and Jtfarsh.
From the State of New York—Messrs. Ander-
son, Campbell, Colin, Culver, Mott, Ellsworth,
Goodyear, Gordon, Grover, //o£m£S,Hough, Hun-
gcrford, Hunt, Jenkins, King, Lawrence, Lewis,
Maclay, Miller, Moseley, Niven, Rathbun, Sea-
man, Smith, Strong, Wheaton, White, Woodruff,
Woodworth, and Wood.
From the State o/New Jersey—Messrs. Edsall,
Hampton, Flunk, Sykes, and Wright.
From the Slate o/Pexns'/lvania—Messrs. Black,
Blanchard, Brodhead, Buffing ton, Campbell, l)ar-
ragh, Erdman, Eicing, Foster, Garvm, Charles J.
Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Leib, Levin, Jticll-
