2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1,
Cummins, Cunningham, Delano, Farran, Fries,
Giddings, Harper, McDowell, Morris, Parish,
iVrrill, Ror>t, Sawyer, Schenck, Starkweather,
Si. John, Tiiden, Vance, and Vinton*
i\rom (he State of Louisiana—Messrs. Harmon-
boii, Moise", ami Thibodeaux.
Fiom the Slate of Indiana—Messrs. Cathcart,
Davit*, Henley, K«imw|y, McGaughey, Owen,
Petti!, Caleb 8. Smith, Thomas Smith, and Wick.
From the State of Mississi]rpi—Mr. Thompson.
From the State of Illinois—Messrs. Baker,
Douglas, Ficklin, Hoge, McClernand, Smith,
and Wentworth.
from the Shite of *3labama-^M.ess r,s. Chapman,
Hilhard, Houston, McConnell,Payne, and Yan-
cey.
Fiorn the State of Missouri—Messrs. Bowlin,
Price, Relfe, and Simm*.
From the State .of Arkansas—Mr. Yell.
From the State of Michigan—Messrs. Chipman,
Hunt, and McClelland.
From the State of Florida-— Mr. Cabell.
Two hundred and twelve membeis having an-
swered to their names, the Clerk announced that
a quorum, consisting of a majority of the whole
number of members of the House, was present;
and that it was competentfor the members (here-
fore io proceed to the election of a Speaker.
The House , according to law, is composed of
224 members. There were present 212
Absent, namely:
From New York—Charles H. Carroll...1
From Ohio—Allen G. Tluirman 1
From Louisiana—John Slidell 1
From Mississippi—Stephen Adams, Jef-
ferson Davis, and Robert YV. Roberts...3
From Alabama—Edwaul S. Dargm 1
Fi am Missouri—John Phelps 1
V.. enncies, namely:
In New Hampshire ]
In Massachusetts 1
In Gfnigm 2
In Tennessee j
The whole House 224
ELECTION OF SPEAKER.
Upon Hie announcement by the Clerk that a
quorum was present,
Mr. HOPKINS rose and moved that the House
now proceed, according to usage, to the election
of a Presiding Officer viva voce.
A nd I he question having been taken, the motion
was unanimously agreed to.
So the House proceeded to the election of
Speaker.
The Clerk designated Mr. Smith, of Illinois,
Mr. Severance, of Maine, and Mr. Cobb, of
Georgia, a.s tellers to count the votes; <ind these
gentlemen having taken their seats at the table,
The Clerk proceeded to call over the names of
the members alphabetically; and, as the name of
each was called, he answered with the name of the
member for whom he voted for Speaker. The
list having been called through, the tellers reported
that 210 votes had been given, and 106 were ne-
cessary to a choice; and that
John TV. Davis, of Imhmni, had teceived.,....... 1J9
S.vmie! F Vinton, of Ohio  ?.>
Motets Noriis, of New Hampshire 9
Wiltiam fc>. Miller, oi Now York 5
Robot G Wint'iiop, of .MiW^achUMiit*..   J
Daniel M. Barruigur. of North Carolum !!*. 1
John g. Chapman, ot Maryland \
J. ff. Campbell, ot Pennsylvania ...... " i
Andrew Siowait,of Pumi-ylvama 1
210
The following is the vote in detail:
For John W. Davis— Messta. Stephen Adams, Ander-
son, Bayly, Bfdn.gci, Benton, jnim** Biaoic Jnmc* a.
j]laek  Bowhii, Bojd, Brmkerhoff. Brodhead. William g.
Blown, (Juthca.it, Aujju-tus a. Chajnnan. kruhen Chap-
liian, CiMs-e, Clupman, Clarke, Obb, Colin, Constable
CniUsm, Oimimi i , Cunningham, Daniel. Motr, ihi-
hnahain. Dobbin. dou^ja^, Droingoolo, Dunlap, Edfall
eli.-worth. Erdtnau, patau, Fiefclin. Foster. f«ies, Gaivin'
Goodyear, Goidon, Giover, Hamlin,Haralson, Hon-
*h|gy« hnpkins, llough, geoijji s. Houston, Edward
w. llubaiii, Hunireifonl, James b. Hum, Hunter, Charity
j jmikin.', james h. Jolu^on, joseph johnson.
Andrew johnson george w. jones, seaborn jones, ken-
nedy, Pre-toa Kins. Lawn-tice, Leake, Le;h, Liaon,
mimpkin. iVfa^f.iy. mechan, meciollru'd. McCSeinami,
mec'>nneii, ak-oiate. McDowell, mc Kav, John l'. Mru toi.
Bcticlay Martin, Morris, Moisc, Moultoh, Niven, noriu.,
Owen, Parish, PcrriH, Perry^Pettit, Price,Rathbun, Reid>
Relfe, Ritter,Russell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scainmon, Leon-
ard H. Simras, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton,
Starkweather, St. John, Strong, Sykes, Taylor, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Tread way, Went-
wortii, Whcaton, W«ck, Williams, Wilmot, Wood, Wood-
worth, Yell, and Yost—119.
For SamuelF. Vinton—Messrs. Abbotl, John Q. Adams,
Arnold, Ablnnun, tfaker, Barringer, Bell. Blanchard, Mil-
ton Brown, JJuffington, Cabell. Cocke, CoHauicr. Crans-
ton, Crozier, Culver, Darraah', Garrett Davis, Delano,
Dixon, Doekery, Ewing, X^oot, Gentry, Giddings. Grider,
Grmnell, Hampton. Harper, Horrtck, 'Jlniimd, Ettas B.
Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Huhbaui. Hudson*
Washington Hunt, Joseph R. Jinjersoll, Daniel P. King*
Thomas Butlei King, Lewis, McGauglvy, McIIenry, Mc-
Hvainc,Maisb,Moselev, Pendleton, Pollock, Ramsey, Ju-
lius Rockwell, John A\ Rockwell, Uoot, Runk, Sehenek,
Severance, Truman Smitli, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Stephens, Stewart, Sirohm, Thibodeaux, Thomasson, Ben-
jamin Thompson, Tiiden, Toombs, Trumbo, Vance,
White, Winthiop VVnght, and Young—72.
Fjt Mises Norris—Messis. Bmt, Isaac e. Holmes,
Rhett, Seddon, A. D. Simm>, Simpson, Woodward, Yaa-
cev, and Ilarman-ori— 9.
For IvVlicnn 5. Miller—M*z*rt}. William W. ('ampbell,
John H. Caiuphcll. Levin, Seaman, and Woodruff— o.
For ■drJrcv: Stewart—Mr. J. G. Chapman—1.
For Daniel L. Barringer—Mr. Giahaiu—1.
For John G. Chapman—-Mr. Long—I.
For John II. Campbell—Mr. Miller—1.
For Robert C. Winthrop—Mr. Vinton—1.
John W. Dams, one of the Representatives
for the State of Indiana, having received a ma-
jority of the whole number of votes given in,
was declared duly elected Speaker of the House
of Representatives of the United States for the
Twenty-Ninth Congress; and
The Clerk requested Mr. McKay, of North
Carolina, and Mr, Vance, of Ohio, to conduct
the Speaker to the chair.
Mr. Vance not being at the instant in his seat,
the Clerk substituted Mr. Vinton, of Ohio,
The SPEAKER, having been conducted to the
clmii by these two gentlemen, rose and addressed
the House, as follows:
Gentlemen: Permit me to tender to you my
most sinceie acknowledgments for the honor you
have conferred upon me in calling me to preside
over your deliberations. Distrusting, as I do, my
ability to discharge the functions appertaining to
the Chair appropriately, I shall have to draw
largely and often upon that kindness and partial-
ity which you have just extended to me with such
unhewifating cordiality.
I shall endeavor to discharge my duty as your
Presiding Officerfaithfully and impartially,strict-
ly enforcing such rules and regulations as you, in
your wisdom, may adopt for your government.
I hope the session may be peaceful and prosper-
ous; and I indulge the hope that we shall in due
season arrive at such legislative enactments as
shall subservethe public interest and piomote the
welfare, the peace, and the prosperity of the coun-
try; and tluc? hope, X am confident, is cordially
reciprocated on your part.
Gentlemen, my duties I know are as arduous
as they are responsible, but I shall endeavor to
discharge them with fidelity, knowing no party
but the people and no locality but the country.
The oath of office, as required by the sixth ar-
ticle of the Constitution, and as prescribed by the
aa of Congress of the 1st June, 1789, to wit:
4< That I will support the Constitution of the United
State*," w«s then administered to theSpeaker by
Mr. John Q,uincy Adams.
SWEARING IN OF MEMBERS.
The SPEAKER then announced that the next
act to be done in the organization of the House
was to administer the oath (or affirmation) of
office to the members present; and to that end he
would direct the Clerk to call the roll by States,
commencing with the State of Maine.
The roll was then called over, and the same
oath (or affirmation) as required by the Consti-
tution, and prescribed by the said act of 1st June,
1789, was administered by the Speaker to all the
other members present.
committee to wait on the president.
Mr. McDOWELL then rose, and moved a res-
olution, as follows;
n,S;'?'!> Pat n committee be appointed on the
part oti his House, to join such committee as maybe ap-
pointed on. the part of the Senate, to wait on the Pri'sidi-nt
of tm.. Jniit'd biaten and mtoim lnm that a quoiuni of the
two Houses ,3 a,«.„,hle,l, a„d that ComnvL i- rr,,dY to I
ruecne any communication lie may he pin-.,I tn eiAke. :!
Mr. RATHBUN inquired of the Chair whether '''
tile House had any rules under which it was
ready to proceed to business.
Mr. C. J. iNGKRSOLL. We have sorely the
parliamentary law, which is the best rule in the
world.
Mr. RA.THBU.N. We have aa yet no rules,
and are not ready, therefore, to proceed to busi-
ness; am! in order that the House may provide
itself with rules for its government'I move that
the resolution be laid on the table for the present.
Mr. MeDOWELL. To obviate ail difficulty
I will withdraw the resolution for the present,
and substitute what £ send to the Chair.
BULBS OF THE HOUSE.
So the resolution was withdrawn, and the fol-
lowing resolution was offered:
Resolved, That the standing rules and orders of the last
House of Representatives, as they existed at the close of
tfie last session, he adopted as the rules and orders of pro-
ceeding of this Htmee.
Mr. C. J. (ITGERSOLL rose, and inquired if
this House had received the customary message
fiom the Senate that they were organized and
ready to proceed to business.
The SPEAKER. Not to the knowledge of the
Chair.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON expressed a desire
to offer the following:
Ordered, That a message be sent to the Senate inform-
ing that body that a quorum of the House of Representa-
tives is assembled, and that tlie House is ready to proceed
to business; and that the Clerk do go with said message.
The SPEAKER said that the resolution was
not at this time in order.
And the question being on the adoption of the
resolution of Mr. McDowell,
Mr. ADAMS rose to inquire whether it had
not been the custom of the House, even before
the adoption of such a resolution as was proposed
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. McDowell,]
to pass a resolution informing the Senate that a
quorum of the House was in attendance; that it
had elected a Speaker, and who that Speaker was;
and that the House was ready to proceed to busi-
ness. The adoption of rules was a subsequeut
affair,and was undoubtedly very proper on tho
part of this House; but that there were rules be-
longing to both Houses, on which this House
could not act separately. He believed,as for as
his experience went, that the practice of this
House had been, in the first instance, to send
the message to the Senate to which he had alluded,
and to receive the return message. From tin's
custom, as a member of this House, he did n->t
wish to depait; and if the gentleman would with-
draw his resolution he would move that the House
send the message to the Senate.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, suggested
that there was already a resolution before the
House.
The SPEAKER, in reply to Mr. Adams,
stated that resolutions were frequently received
by the House and actcd upon previous to the
adoption ot the rules, and that the House were
governed in these circumstances by the general
parliamentary law.
The resolution formerly pioposed by Mr.
Thompson, of Mississippi," for a message to the
Senate, was now read.
Mr. DROMGOOLE suggested to the honor-
able mover to insert the election of John W
Davis, one of the members from the State of
Indiana, as Speaker of the House.
Mr. THOMPSON indicated his willingness to
accept this suggestion.
The SPEAKER said that the resolution of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. McDowell,] in rela-
tiou to the rules, was the first question before
the House. *
A message was here received from the Senate,
ihformimj the House that a quorum of that body
whs in attendance, and ready to proceed to busi-
ness.
Mt. McDOWELL then consented to withdraw
? ^solution touching the rules, thatthe nupsiiou
mi,?r rS fut 0n the motion of Mr. TaoMrsoir.
Mr. Thompson's motion, as modified, bein^
tnus before the House, the question was taken;
and the motion was agreed to.
^ So it was ordered that a message he sentto<ho
apprising that body that ^ quorum of
House vva& m attendance;" that thev had elected
