CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3
nessv The adoption of rules was a subsequent
affair, and was undoubtedly very proper on the part
of this House; but that there were rules belong-
ing to both Houses, on which this House could
not act separately. He believed, as far as his
experience went, that the practice of this House
haa been, in the first instance, to send the mes-
sage to the Senate to which he had alluded, and
to receive the return message. From this custom,
as a member of this House, he did not wish to
depart; and if the gentleman would withdraw his
resolution, he would move that the House send
the message to the Senate.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, suggested
that there was already a resolution before the
House.
The SPEAKER, in reply to Mr. Adams, sta-
ted that resolutions were frequently received by
the House and acted upon previous to the adop-
tion of the rules, and that the House were gov-
erned in these circumstances by the general par-
liamentary law.
The resolution formerly proposed by Mr.
Thompson, of Mississippi, for a message to the
Senate, was now read.
Mr. DRQMGOOLE suggested to the honorable
mover to insert the election of John W. Davis,
one of the members from the State of Indiana, as
Speaker of the House.
Mr. THOMPSON indicated his willingness to
eccept this suggestion.
The SPEAKER said that the resolution of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. McDowell] in rela-
tion to the rules, was the first question before the
House.
A message was here received from the Senate,
informing the House that a quorum of that body
was in attendance, and ready to proceed to busi-
ness.
Mr. McDOWELL then consented to withdraw
his resolution touching the rules, that the question
might be put on the motion of Mr. Thompson.
Mr. Thompson's motion, as modified, being
thus before the House, the question was taken,
and the motion was agreed to.
So it wa3 ordered that a message be sent to the
Senate, apprising that body that a quorum of the
House was in attendance; that they had elected
John W. Davis, one of the members from Indi-
ana, as their Speaker, and were now ready to pro-
ceed to business.
Mr. McDOWELL now moved, again, the fol-
lowing resolution, which he had temporarily with-
drawn:
Resolved, That the standing rules and orders of
the last House of Representatives, as they existed
at the close of the last session, be adopted as the
rules and orders of proceeding of this House.
Mr. WOODWARD, of South Carolina, was
•desirous of offering a resolution, which was not
read, and which, after some conversation with the
Chair, he withdrew.
The question then recurring on the adoption of
Mr. McDowell's resolution—
Mr. HAMLIN, of Maine, moved to amend it
so that the rules referred to should be the rules
adopted in the latter, and not in the former part of
last session; but, being"informally reminded by
members around him that the resolution as it stood
would, of course, have that reference, inasmuch as
the latter rules superseded the former, he did not
insist on this amendment, but proposed another,
going expressly to except the 33d rule of last ses-
sion, (being the rule restricting all members from
speaking more than one hour on any question,
usually called " the hour rule.")
And the question being on this amendment—
Mr, PAYNE, of Alabama, said he wished to
see the (hour) rule so amended as not to apply in
all discussions upon revenue bills. He was not
under the impression that the House was disposed
at this time to abolish the hour rule altogether.
There might be some necessity existing for the
continuance of that rule upon the general subjects
of legislation which came before the Congress of
the United States; but on bills for the raising of
revenue, it seemed to him that it ought not to ap-
ply. This was a subject which bore upon the
people of this confederacy, and on which we all
felt a deep interest. It was the only question on
whieh this House could perpetrate a despotism
upon the people of this Union. It was in raising
revenue that the people might be oppressed; and
it was thfe only means by which, under our Gov-
ernment, the citizen can be oppressed. The right
of trial by jury, and all his other rights, apper-
tained to him in his personal capacity, except the
light regarding the raising of revenue; and inas-
much as the power of the House was omnipotent
on this question, it seemed to him that the greatest
latitude of debate should be allowed on all mea-
sures introduced here for the purpose of raising
revenue. For that reason, he moved the amend-
ment which he had indicated at the commence-
ment of his remarks.
And the question being on the amendment of
Mr. Payne to the amendment of Mr. Hamlin—
Mr. WINTHROP suggested to Mr. Hamlin
the insertion of certain words, in order to effect
his object in making the resolution of Mr. Mc-
Dowell apply to the rules only as adopted during
the latter part of the last session ; but, being re-
minded by the Chair that Mr. Hamlin had not
insisted on his first proposition, Mr. W. withdiew
the suggestion.
The question being now about to be taken on
the amendment of Mr. Payne—
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired of the Chan-
whether it was understood that the amendment of
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Payne] em-
braced in its purview appropriation as well as
revenue bills.
Mr. PAYNE responded, that if it did not, he
was entirely willing so to extend its provision.
Mr. McCLERN AND continued, that he agreed
with his friend from Alabama, that revenue and
appropriation bills should be subjected to the
closest scrutiny and the fullest debate. The Con-
stitution had confided to the House the power to
originate bills to raise revenue, and why? Because
the representative branch of Congress emanated
more directly from the people, and was more im-
mediately responsible to them. The money power
was the lever of government; it merged all other
powers, and, according to its exercise, became, in
the hands of the ruler, the means of great good,
or the most fearful and remorseless engine of op-
j^ression. Congress was now nnested Willi an
unlimited power of taxation as to amount: super-
add now to this the power of unlimited taxation
as to objects, and the republic becomes a practical
despotism. It may retain the forms of freedom,
but will in fact sink into the violence, injustice,
and wrong of a tyranny. The difference between
it and a despotism in form would be, the aggra-
vated evils of a many, instead of a single-headed
hydra. There was a wild spirit of internal im-
provement prevailing in some portions of the coun-
try. In his judgment, this mad spirit threatened
more danger to the integrity of the Constitution,
and the stability of our institutions, than any other
project agitated by the friends of a strong, rich,
and splendid government.
Mr. PAYNE said he had no objection to the
honorable gentleman's suggestion, and he was un-
derstood to adopt it, and so to modify his mo-
tion.
Mr. CHIPMAN understood that the resolu-
tion, as originally offered, was intended to drop
what was usually called the hour rule. He hoped
it would prevail: he was utterly opposed to that
rule. No gentleman could acquit himself well in
debate, whether physically or intellectually, while
confined in a strait-jacket. The right of debate
ought to be left free. He was opposed, as he had
said, to placing the intellectual exertions of any of
his fellows upon that floor in a strait-jacket.
If gentlemen, in view of their oaths to the Con-
stitution, of the exigencies of the public service,
and the sacred obligations under which they lay
to their constituents, could bring themselves to
waste and sacrifice the public time, to those con-
stituents let them be handed over, and to them let
them answer: but he never would consent that
any trammels should be thrown around any feeble
efforts of his own, or of any fellow-member. In
the position in which the motion of the gentleman
from Alabama stood, being an amendment to an
amendment, (an exception to an exception,) it
would operate practically to restrict debate on
money bills to one hour, while it left it free on all
other subjects.
[Many voices: Oh, no, just the reverse.]
He begged gentlemen's pardon; but they would
find that he was right.
Mr. PAYNE withdrew his amendment.
And the question now recurring on the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Hamlin—
Mr. CHIPMAN resumed. It might perhaps
appear strange to gentlemen that so grmi o mem-
ber as himself should undertake to discuss so im-
portant a regulation of the House, and should so
freely express his objections to a rule deliberately
adopted by members so much more experienced
than himself; nor should he have troubled the
House at this time was not the rule in question to
have a continued operation throughout the session.
He must, in duty to himself, enter his protest
against so trammelling any gentleman on ibat floor;
for he was well assured that under so embarrass-
ing a restriction no member could do justice either
to himself or to his country.
Mr. HOPKINS demanded the yeas and nays;
winch wei e ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, inquired of the
Chair whether it would be m order to move to lay
the amendment on the table?
The CHAIR replied in the affirmative; but the
motion, if successful, would cairy the resolution,
together with the amendment, to the table.
Mr. HOUSTON did not make the motion.
And the question recurring 011 the amendment
of Mr. Hamlin to the resolution of Mr. McDow-
ell, it was decided by yeas and nays, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, J. Q,. Adams, Bayly,
James Black, Bowlin, Boyd, W. G. Brown, Ca-
bell, Chase, Chipman, Cobb, Collamer, Constable,
Culver, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dockcry,
Dromgoole, Faran, Fieklm, Fries, Giles, Gordon,
Hamlin, Haialson, Harmanson, Hilliaid, Hoge,
Houffh, Hudson, Charles J. Ingcrsoll, Jenkins,
Jas. H. Johnson, George W. Jones, Leake, Leib,
Levin, Maelay, McClernand, McDowell, MoHen-
ry, Marsh, B. Martin, Moselv, Niven, Norris,
Payne, Pendleton, Rclfe, Rhctt, Root, Schenck,
Seddon, L. H. Simms, C. B. Smith, Roht. Smith,
Taylor, Toombs, Vance, Vinton, Wdmot—G2.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnold, Aslnnun,
Atkinson, Baker, Bamnger, Bedmger, Bell, Ben-
ton, Jas. A. Black, Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, Milion
Brown, Buffington, Burt, William W. Campbell,
John H. Campbell, Cathcait, John G. Chapman,
Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Clarke,
Coeke, Colin, Cranston, Crozier, Cullom, Cum-
mins, Cunningham, Darragh, De Mott, Dilling-
ham, Dixon, Dobbm, Douglass, Dunlap, Edsall,
Ellsworth, Erdman, Ewing, Foot, Foster, Garvin,
Gentry, Giddings, Goodyear, Graham, Grider,
Grinnell, Grover, Hampton, Harper, Henley,
Herrick, Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins, John W.
Houston, George S. Houston, Edmund W. Hub-
ard, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hangerford, W. Hunt,
James B. Hunt, Hunter, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jo-
seph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Seaborn Jones,
Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Preston King, Thomas
Butler King, Lawrence, Lewis, Ligon, Long,
Lumpkin, McClean, McClelland, McConnell, jV3 c-
Crate, McGaughey, Mcllvaine, McKay, John P.
Martin, Morris. JVEorse, Moulton, Owen, Parish,
Pemll, Perry, Pettit, Pollock, Ramsey, Rathbun,
Reid, Ritter, Julius Rockwell, J. A. Rockwell,
Runk, Russell, Sawtellc, Sawyer, Scammon, Sea-
man, Severance, A. D. Sims, Simpson, T. Smith,
Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Stanton, Starkwea-
ther, Stephens, Stewart, St. John, Strohm, Strong,
Sykes, Thibodeaux, Thomasson, Benj. Thomp-
son, Jas. Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts,
Tildcn, Tread way, Trumbo, Wentworth, Whea-
ton, White, Wick, Williams, Winthrop, Wood,
Woodruff, Woodward, Woodworth, Wright,
Yell, Young, Yost—143.
So the House rejected the amendment, and re-
fused to strike out the one hour rule.
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Alabama, moved to amend
the resolution of Mr. McDowell, so as to adopt
the rules of the last Congress as they stood at the
first session thereof. [The difference consists in
the rule prohibiting the reception of abolition peti-
tions; which rule was abolished in the latter part
of last session.]
And, on this amendment, Mr. C. demanded the
previous question.
But the CHAIR reminding him that under the
law of Parliament (which alone would prevail
until the adoption of positive rules of order) the
effect of the previous question would be to cut off
idl amendments, and consequently the gentleman's
own—
Mr. CHAPMAN withdrew the call.
Mr. McDOWELL inquired of the Chair what
rule prevailed during the former part of the last
