CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to state, that though with some of them there have
existed since your last session serious causes of
irritation and misunderstanding, yet no actual hos-
tilities have taken place. Adopting the maxim in
the conduct of our foreign affairs, to " ask nothing
that is not right, and submit to nothing that is
wrong," it has been my anxious desire to preserve
peace with ail nations ; but, at the same time, to be
prepared to resist aggression, and to main tain al
our just rights.
In pursuance of the joint resolution of Congress,
44 for annexing Texas to the United States,^" my
predecessor, on_ the third day of March, 1845,
elected to submit the first and second sections of
that resolution to the republic of Texas, as an
overture, on the part of the United States, for her
admission as a State into our Union. This elec-
tion I approved., and accordingly the charge d'af-
faires of the United States in Texas, under instruc-
tions of the tenth of March, 1845, presented these
sections of the resolution for the acceptance of that
republic. The executive government, the Con-
gress, and the people of Texas in convention, have
successively complied with all the terms and con-
ditions of the joint resolution. A constitution for
the government of the State of Texas, formed by
a convention of deputies, is herewith laid before
Congress. It is well known, also, that the people
of Texas at the polls have accepted the terms of
annexation, and ratified the constitution.
I communicate to Congress the correspondence
between the Secretary of State and our charge
d'affaires in Texas; and also the correspondence of
the latter with "the authorities of Texas ; together
with the official documents transmitted by him to
liis own government.
The terms of annexation which were offered by ,
the United States having been accepted by Texas, )
the public faith of both parties is solemnly pledged
to the compact of their union. Nothing remains
to consummate the event but the passage of an act
by Congress to admit the State of Texas into the
Union upon an equal footing with the original
States. Strong reasons exist why this should be
done at an early period of the session. It will be
observed that, by the constitution of Texas, the
existing government is only continued temporarily
till Congress can act; and that the third Monday
of the present month is the day appointed for
holding the first general election. On that day a
governor, a lieutenant governor, and both branches
of the legislature, will be chosen by the people.
The President of Texas is required, immediately
after the receipt of official information that the new
State has been admitted into our Union by Con-
gress, to convene the legislature ; and, upon its
meeting, the existing government will be superse-
ded, and the State government organized, ttues-
tions deeply interesting to Texas, in common with
the other States; the extension of our revenue laws
and judicial system over her people and territory,
as well as measures of a local charactcr, will claim
the early attention of Congress ; and, therefore,
upon every principle of republican government, she
ought to be represented in that body without un-
necessary delay. I cannot too earnestly recom-
mend prompt action on this important subject.
As soon as the act to „ admit Texas as a State
shall be passed, the union of the two republics will
be consummated by their own voluntary consent.
This accession to' our territory has been a blood-
less achievement. No arm of force has been raised
to producc the result. The sword has had no part
in the victory. Wc have not sought to extend our
territorial possessions by conquest, or our repub-
lican institutions over a reluctant people. It was
the deliberate homage of each people to the great
principle of our federative union.
If we consider the extent of territory involved
in the annexation—its prospective influence on
America—the means by which it has been accom-
plished, springing purely from the choice of the
people themselves to share the blessings of our
union,—the history of the world may be chal-
leiiged to furnish a parallel.
The jurisdiction of the United States, which at
the formation of the federal constitution was
bounded by the St. Mary's, on the Atlantic, has
passed the Capes of Florida, and been peacefully
extended to the Del Norte. In contemplating the
grandeur of this event, it is not to be forgotten
that the result was achieved in despite of the diplo-
matic interference of European monarchies. Even
France—the country which had been our ancient
ally—the country which has a common interest
with us m maintaining the freedom of the seas—■
the country which, by the cession of Louisiana,
first opened to us access to the Gulf of Mexico—
the country with which we have been every year
drawing more and more closely the bonds of sue- ;
cessful commerce—most unexpectedly, and to our j
unfeigned regret, took part m an effort to prevent j
annexation, and to impose on Texas, as a condi- j
tion of the recognition of her independence by }
Mexico, that she would never join herself to the ;
United States. We may rejoice that the tranquil
and pervading influence of the American principle j
of self-government was sufficient to defeat the pur- !
poses of British and French interference, and that i
the almost unanimous voice of the people of Texas 1
has given to that interference a peaceful and effeo- '
tive rebuke. From this example European gov-
ernments may learn ho\v vain diplomatic arts and
intrigues must ever prove upon tills continent
against that system of self-government which
seems natural to our soil, and which will ever re-
sist foreign interference.
Towards Texas, I do not doubt that a liberal
and generous spirit will actuate Congress in all
that concerns her interests and prosperity, and
that she will never have cause to regret that she
has united her " lone star" to our glorious constel-
lation.
I regret to inform you that our relations with
Mexico, since your last session, have not been
of the amicable character which it is our desire to
cultivate with all foreign notions. On the sixth
day of March last, the Mexican Envoy Exnaordi-
nary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the United 1
States made a formal protest, in the name of Ins ■
government, against the joint resolution passed by ;
Congress " foi the annexation of Texas to the |
United States," which he chose to regard as a vio- |
lation of the rights of Mexico, and, in conse- |
quence of it, he demanded his passports. He was ;
informed that the government of the United States \
did not consider this joint resolution as a violation !
of any of the rights of Mexico, or that it afforded i
any just cause of offence to his government ; that !
the Republic of Texas was an independent Power, |
owing no allegiance to Mexico, and constituting no j
part of her territory or rightful sovereignty and ;
jurisdiction. He was also assured that it was the j
sincere desire of xhis government to maintain with
that of Mexico relations of peace and good under-
standing. That functionary, however, notwith-
standing these representations and assurances, ab-
ruptly terminated his mission, and shortly after-
wards left the country. Our Envoy Extraordinary
and Minister Plenipotentiary to Mexico was re-
fused all official intercourse with that government,
and, after remaining several months, by the per-
mission of his own government, he returned to the
United States. Thus, by the acts of Mexico, all
diplomatic intercourse between the two countries
was suspended.
Since that time Mexico has, until recently, oc- '
cupied an attitude of hostility towards the United |
States—has been marshalling and organizing ar- I
mies, issuing proclamations, and avowing the in- s
tention to make war on the United States, either [
by an open declaration, or by invading Texas. [
Both the Congress and Convention of the people
of Texas invited this Government to send an army
into that territory, to protect and defend them
against the menaced at Lick. The moment the j
terms of annexation offered by the United States j
were accepted by Texas, the latter became so far (
a part of our own country as to make it our duty
to afford such protection and defence. I therefore
deemed it proper, as a precautionary measure, to
order a strong squadron to the coasts of Mexico,
and to concentrate an efficient military force on the
western frontier of Texas. Our army was order-
ed to take position m the country between the
Nueces and the Del Norte, and to repel any inva-
sion of the Texian territory which might be at-
tempted by the Mexican forces. Our squadron in
the gulf was ordered to co-operate with the army.
But though our army.and navy were placed in a
position to defend our own, and the rights of
Texas, they were ordered to commit no act of
hostility against Mexico, unless she declared war,
or was herself the aggressor by striking the first'
blow. The result has been, that Mexico has
made no aggressive movement, and our military
and naval commanders have executed their orders
with such discretion that the peace of the two re-
publics has not been disturbed.
Texas had declared her independence, and main-
tained it by her arms for more than nine years.
She has hod an organized government in si-ceefes-
ful operation during that period. Her separate
existence, as an independent State, had been iccog-
nised by the United States and the principal
Powers of Europe. Treaties of commerce and
navigation had been concluded with her by different
nations, and it had become manifest to the whole
world that any further attempt on the pjct of
Mexico to conquer her, or overthrow her govern-
ment, would be vain. Even Mexico heiseIC had
become satisfied of this fact; and whilst the ques-
tion of annexation was pending before the people
of Texas, during the past summer, the gove'*n-
ment of Alfxico, by a formal act, agreed to rec«.^~
nisc the independence of Texas, on condition That
she would not annex herself to any other Pcuvcr.
The agreement to acknowledge the independence
of Texas, whether With or without th's eonujt'on,
is conclusive against Mexico. The independence
of Texas is a fact conccdcd by Mexico he'self,
and she had no right or authority to pres'_xioe re-
slrictions as to the form of government which
Texas might afterwards choose to assume.
But though Mexico cannot complain of the
United States on account of the annexation o;"
Texas, it is to be regretted 1 • >nt. serious (.-.i'mos of
misunderstanding between the two country.' con-
tinue to exist, growing out of umedresseu i.ijrri^s
inflicted by the Mexican authorities and people
on the persons and property of citizens of the
United Suites, through a long series of years.
.Aiexn'ohas admitted these injuries, but has ne-
glected and refused to repair them. Such -\\as the
charactcr of the wrongs, and such th" insults re-
peatedly offered to American citizen.* end the
American ftag by Mexico, m palpable viehuh.-n of
the laws of nations and the treaty between the
two countries of the fifth of April, i?31, that they
have been repeatedly brought to the notice of Con-
gress by my predecessors. As early as the eighth
of Febiuary, 1&37, the President of the United
States declared, m a message to Congress, thai
"the length of time since some of the injuries
have been committed, the repeated and unavailing
applications for redress, the wanton character of
some of the outrages upon the persons and pro-
perty of our citizens, upon the officers and flag of
the United States, independent of recent insults to
this government and peoplfi by the late Extraor-
dinary Mexican Minister, would justify m the
eyes of all nations immediate war." He did not,
however, recommend an immediate resort to this
extreme measure, which, he declared, '• should
not be used by just and generous nations, confi-
ding in their strength, for injiuies committed, if it
can be honorably avoided;" but, in a spirit of for-
bearance, proposed that another demand be made
on Mexico for that redress which had been so
long and unjustly withheld. In these views, com-
mittees of the two Houses of Congress, m reports
made to their respective bodies, concurred. Since
these proceedings more than eight years have
elapsed, during which, in addition to the wrongs
then complained of, others of an aggravated cha-
racter have been committed on the persons and
property of our citizens. A special agent was
sent to Mexico in the summer of 1838,"with full
authority to make another and final demand for
rediess. The demand was made; the Mexican
government promised to repair the wrongs of
which we complained; and after much delay, a
treaty of indemnity with that view was concluded
between the two Powers on the eleventh of April,
1839, and was duly ratified by both governments.
By this treaty a joint commission was created to
adjudicate and decide on the claims of American
citizens on the government of Mexico. The com-
mission was organized at "Washington on the
twenty-fifth day of August, 1840. Tneir time
was limited to eighteen mouths; at the expiration
of which, they had adjudicated and decided
claims amounting to two millions twenty-six
thousand one hundred and thirty-nine dollars and
sixty-eight cents in favor of citizens of the United
States against the Mexican government, leaving a
large amount of claims undecided. Of the latter,
the American commissioners had decided in favor
of our citizens claims amounting to nine hundred
and twenty-eight thousand six hundred and twen-
ty-seven dollars and eighty-eight cents, which
