6
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 2,
were continued, I deemed it important to put an
end, if possible, to this state of things. With this
view I caused steps to be taken in the month of
September last to ascertain distinctly and in an
authentic form what the designs of the Mexican
Government were, whether it was their intention
to declare war orinvade Texas, or whether they
were disposed to adjust and settle in an amicable
manner the pending differences between the two
countries On the 9th of November an official
answer was received that the Mexican Govern-
ment consented to renew the diplomatic relations
which had been suspended in March last, and for
that purpose were willing to accredit a minister
from the United States. With a sincere desire
to preserve peace and restore relations of good
understanding between the two republics I
waived all ceremony as to the manner of renewing
diplomatic intercourse between them, and assum-
ing the initiative, on the 10th of November a dis-
tinguished citizen of Louisiana was appointed en-
voy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary to
Mexico, clothed with full powers to adjust and
definitively settle all pending differences between
the two countries, including those of boundary
between Mexico and the State of Texas. The
minister appointed has set out on his mission, and
is probably by this time near the Mexican cap-
ital. He has been instructed to bring the nego-
tiation with which he is charged to a conclusion
at the earliest practicable period, which, it is ex-
pected,will be in time to enable me to communi-
cate the result to Congress during the present
session. Until that result is known I forbear to
recommend to Congress such ulterior measures
of redress for the wrongs and injuries we have
so long borne as it would have been proper to
make had no such negotiation been instituted.
Congress appropriated at the last session the
sum 01 §275,000 for the payment of the April and
July installments of the Mexican indemnities for
the year 1844, " provided it shall be ascertained
to the sniislaelion of the American Government
that said installments have been paid by the Mex-
ican Government to the agent appointed by the
United Slates to receive the same, in such man-
ner as to discharge all claim on the Mexican Gov-
ernment, and said agent to be delinquent in re-
mitting the money to the United States."
The unsettled state of our relations with Mex-
ico has involved this subject in much mystery.
The first information, in an authentic form, from
the agent of the United States appointed under
the Administration of my predecessor, was re-
ceived at the State Department on the 9th of No-
vember last. This is contained in a letter dated
the 17th of October, addressed by him to one of
our citizens then in Mexico, with the view of
having it communicated to that Department.
From this it appears that the agent, on the 20th
of September, 1844, gave a receipt to the treas-
ury of Mexico for the amount of the April and
July installments of the indemnity. In the same
communication, however, he asserts that he hud
not received a single dollar in cash, but that lie
holds such securities as warranted him at the
time in giving the receipt, and entertains no doubt
but that he will eventually obtain the money. As
these installments appear*never to have been act-
ually paid by the Government of Mexico to the
agent, and as that Government has not therefore
been released so as to discharge the claim,! do not
feel myself warranted in directing payment to be
made to the claimants out of the Treasury with-
out further legislation. Their case is undoubtedly
one of much hardship, and it remains for Con-
gress to decide whether any, and what, relief
ought to be granted to them. Our minister to
Mexico has been instructed to ascertain the facts
of the case from the Mexican Government m an
authentic and official form, and report the result
with as little deiay as possible.
My attention was early directed to the nego-
tiation which, on the 4th of March last, I found
pendingat Washington between the United States
and Great Britain, on the subject of the Oregon
teiritory. Three several attempts had been pre-
viously made to settle the questions in dispute
between the two countries by negotiation upon
the principle of compromise, but each had proved
unsuccessful.
These negotiations took place in London in
the years 1818,1824,and 182G, the two first under
the administration of Mr. Monroe, and rhe last
under that of Mr. Adams. The. negotiation of
1818 having failed to accomplish its object result-
ed in the convention of the 20th of October of
that year. By the third article of that convention
it was "agreed that any country that may be
claimed by either party on the northwest coast
of America, westward of the Stony mountains,
shall, together with its harbors, bays, and creeks,
and the navigation of all rivers within the same,
be free and open for the term of ten years from
the date of the signature of the present conven-
tion to the vessels, citizens, and subjects of the
two Powers, it being well understood that this
agreement is not to be construed to the prejudice
of any claim which either of the two high con-
tracting parties ntay hare to any part of the said
country, nor shall it be taken to affect the claims
of any other Power or State to any part of the
said country; the only object of the high con-
tracting parties in that respect being to prevent
disputes and differences among themselves."
The negotiation of 1824 was productive of no
result, and the convention of 1818 was left un-
changed.
The negotiation of 1826 having also failed to
effect an adjustment by compromise resulted in
the convention of August 0, 1827, by which it
was agreed to continue in force for an indefinite
period the provisions of the third article of the
convention of the 20th of October, 1818; and it
was further provided that "it shall be compe-
tent, however, to either of the contracting par-
ties, in case either should think fit, at any lime
after the 20th of October, 1828, on giving due
notice of twelve months to the other contracting
party, to annul and abrogate this convention;
and it shall, in such case, be accordingly entirely
annulled and abrogated after the expiration of
the said lutm of notice." In these attempts to
adjust the controversy the parallel of the forty-
ninth degtee of north latitude had been offered
by the United States to Great Britain, and in
those of 1818 and 1826, with a further Concession
of the free navigation of the Columbia river south
of that latitude. The parallel of the forty-ninth
degree, from the Rocky mountains to its inter-
section with the northeasternmost branch of the
Columbia, and thence down the channel of that
river to the sea, had been offered by Great Brit-
ain, with an addition of a small detached teriitory
north of the Columbia. Each of these proposi-
tions had been iejected by the parties respect-
ively.
In October, 1843, the envoy extraordinary and
minister plenipotentiary of the United States in
London was authorized to make a similar offer
to those made in 1818 and 1826. Thus stood the
question when the negotiation was shortly after-
ward transferred to Washington; and on the23d
of August, 1844, was formally opened under the
direction of my immediate predecessor. Like
all the previous negotiations it was based upon
principles of " compromise;'5 and the avowed
purpose of the parties was "to treat of the re-
spective claims of the two countries to the Ore-
gon territory, with the view to establish a perma-
nent boundary between them westward of the
Rocky mountains to the Pacific ocean." Ac-
cordingly on the 26th of August, 1844, the British
plenipotentiary offered to divide the Oregon ter-
ritory by the forty-ninth parallel of north latitude,
from the Rocky mountains to the point of its
intersection with the northeasternmost branch
of the Columbia river, and thence down that
river to the sea, leaving the free navigation, of the
river to be enjoyed in common.by both parties;
the country south of this line to belong to the
United States, and that north of it to Great Brit-
ain. At the same time he proposed,in addition,
to yield to the United States a detached territory,
north of the Columbia, extending along the Pa-
cific and the Straits of Fuca, from Bulfinch's har-
bor inclusive, to Hood's canal, and to make free
to the United States any port or ports south of
latitude forty-nine degrees which they might de-
sire, either on the main land or on Q,uadra and
Vancouver's Island. With the exception of the
free ports this was the same offer which had been
made by the British and rejected by the American
Government in the negotiation of 1826. This
proposition was properly rejected by the Ameri-
can plenipotentiary o« the day it was submitted.
This was the only proposition of compromise
offered by the British plenipotentiary. The
proposition on the part of Gieat Britain having:
been rejected the British plenipotentiary requested
that a proposal should be made by the United
Srates for "an equitable adjustment of the ques-
tion."
When 1 came into office I found this to be the
state of the negotiation. Though entertaining the
settled conviction that the British pretensions of
title could not be maintained to any portion of
the Oregon territory upon any principle of public
law recognized by nations, yet, in deference to
what had been done by my predecessors, and
especially in consideration that propositions of
compromise had been thrice made by two pre-
ceding Administrations to adjust the question on
the parallel of forty-nine degrees, and in two of
them yielding to Great Britain the free navigation
of the Columbia, and that the pending negotiation
had been commenced on the basis of compromise,
I deemed it to be my duty not abruptly to break
it off. In consideration, too, that under the con-
ventions of 1818 and 1827 the citizens and sub-
jects of the two Powers held a joint occupancy
of the country, I was induced to make another -
effort to settle this long-pending controversy in
the spirit of moderation which had given birth
to the renewed discussion. A proposition was
accordingly made, which was rejected' by the
British plenipotentiary, who, without submitting
any other proposition, suffered the negotiation on
his part to drop, expressing his trust that the
United States would offer what he saw fit to call
" some further proposal for the settlement of the
Oregon question more consistent with fairness
and equity and with the reasonable expectations
of the British Government." The proposition
thus offered and rejected tepeated the offer of the
parallel of forty-nine degrees of north latitude,
which had been made by two preceding Adminis-
trations, but without proposing to surrendt r to
Great Britain, as they had done, the fiee naviga-
tion of the Columbia river. The right of any
foreign Power to the free navigation of any of
our rivers, through the heart of our country, was
one which I was unwilling to concede. It also
embraced a provision to make free to Great Brit-
am any port or ports on the Cape of Quadra and
Vancouver's Island south of this parallel. Hod
this been a new question, coming under discus-
sion for the first time, this proposition would not
have been made. The extraordinary and wholly
inadmissible demands of the British Government,
and the rejection of the proposition made in def-
erence alone to what had been done by my pre-
decessors, and the implied obligation which their
acts seemed to impose, afford satisfactory evi-
dence that no compromise which the United States
ought to accept can be effected. With this con-
viction the proposition of compromise which had
been made and rejected was, by my direction,
subsequently withdrawn, and our title to the
whole Oregon territory asserted, and, as is be-
lieved, maintained by irrefragable facts and argu-
ments.
The civilized world will see in these proceed-
ings a spirit of liberal concession on the part of
the United States, and this Government will be
relieved from all responsibility which may follow
the failure to settle the controversy.
All attempts at compromise having failed, it
becomes the duty of Congress to consider what
measures it may be proper to adopt for the secur-
ity and protection of our citizens now inhabiting,
or who may hereafter inhabit, Oregon, and for
the maintenance of our just title to that teriitory.
In adopting measures for this purpose care should
be taken that nothing be done to violate the stip-
ulations of the convention of 1627, wh;eh is still
m force. The faith of treaties, in their letter and
spirit, has ever been, and I trust will ever be,
scrupulously observed by the United S:ut,s.
Under that convention a year's notice is require J
to be given by either party to the other befoie the
Joint o.-cupancy shall terminate, mid before either
i can rightfully assert or exercise exclusive juris-
I diction over any poition of the teiritory. "This
; notice it would, in my judgment, be pnvj,er lo
i give; and I recommend that provision be made
j by law for giving it accordingly, and terminautig
| 111 "its manner the convention of the 6th o( Au-
1 gust, 1827.
