CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jects of the two Powers held a joint occupancy
of the country, I was induced to make another
effort to settle this long-pending controversy in the
spirit of moderation which had given birth to the
renewed discussion. A proposition was accord-
ingly made, which was rejected by the British
plenipotentiary, who, without submitting any
other proposition, suffered the negotiation on his
part to drop, expressing his trust that the United
States would offer what he saw fit to call " some
further proposal for the settlement of the Oregon
question, more consistent with fairness and equity,
and with the reasonable expectations of the British
Government." The proposition thus offered and
rejected repeated the offer of the parallel of forty-
nine degrees of north latitude, which had been
made by two preceding administrations, but with-
out proposing to surrender to Great Britain, as
they had done, the free navigation of the Colum-
bia river. The right of any foreign Power to the
free navigation of any of our rivers, through the
heart of our country, was one which I was un-
willing to concede. It also embraced a provision
to make free to Great Britain any port or ports on
the cap of CLuadra and Vancouver's Island, south
of this parallel. Had this been a new question,
coming under discussion for the first time, this
proposition would not have been made. The ex-
traordinary and wholly inadmissible demands of
the British government, and the rejection of the
proposition made in deference alone to what had
been done by my predecessors, and the implied
obligation which tlieir acts seemed to impose, af-
ford satisfactory evidence that no compromise
which the United States ought to accept, can be
effected. With this conviction, the proposition of
compromise which had been made and rejected,
was, by my direction, subsequently withdrawn,
juid our title to the whole Oregon territory asserted,
and, as is believed, maintained by irrefragable facts
and arguments.
The civilized world will see in these proceedings
a spirit of liheral concession on the part of the
United States; and this government will be re-
lieved from all responsibility which may follow the
failure to settle the controversy.
AH attempts at compromise having failed, it.be-
comes the duty of Congress to consider what mea-
sures it may be proper to adopt for the security
and protection of our citizens now inhabiting, or
who may hereafter inhabit Oregon, and for the
maintenance of our just title to that territory. In
adopting measures for this purpose, care should
be taken that nothing be done to violate the stipu-
lations of the convention of 1827, which is still in
force. The faith of treaties, in their letter and
spirit, has ever been, and, I trust, will ever be,
scrupulously observed by the United States. Un-
der that convention, a year's notice is required to
be given by either party to the other, before_ the
joint occupancy shall terminate, and before either
can rightfully assert or exercise exclusive jurisdic-
tion over any portion of the territory. This notice
it would, in my judgment, be proper to give; and
I recommend that provision be made by law for
giving it accordingly, and terminating, in this man-
ner, the convention of the sixth of August, 1827.
It will become proper for Congress to determine
what legislation they can, in the mean time, adopt
without violating this convention. Beyond all
question, the protection of our laws and our juris-
diction, civil and criminal, ought to be imme-
diately extended over our citizens in Oregon.
They have had just cause to complain of our long
neglect ill this particular, and have, in conse-
quence, been compelled, for their own security
and protection, to establish a provisional govern-
ment for themselves. Strong in their allegiance
and ardent in their attachment to the United States,
they have been thus cast upon their own resources.
They are anxious that our laws should be extend-
ed over them, and I recommend that this be done
by Congress with as little delay as possible, in the
full extent to which the British Parliament have
proceeded in regard to British subjects 111 that ter-
ritory, by their act of July the second, 1821, " for
regulating the fur-trade, and establishing a crimi-
nal and civil jurisdiction within certain parts of
North America." By this act Great Britain ex-
tended her laws and jurisdiction, civil and crimi-
nal, over her subjects engaged in the fur-trade in
that territory. By it, the courts of the province
of Upper Canada were empowered to take cogni-
zance of causes civil and criminal. Justices of
the peace and other judicial officers were autho-
rized to be appointed in Oregon, with power to
execute all process issuing from the courts of that
province, and to " sit and hold courts of record
for the trial of criminal offences and misdemea-
nors," not made the subject of capital punishment,
and also of civil cases, where the cause of action
shall not " exceed in value the amount or sum of
two hundred pounds."
Subsequent to the date of this act of Parliament,
a grant was made from the " British crown" to
the Hudson's Bay Company, of the exclusive
trade with the Indian tribes 111 the Oregon territo-
ry, subject to a reservation that it shall not operate
to the exclusion " of the subjects of any foreign
States who, under or by force of any convention
for the time being, between us and such foreign
States respectively, may be entitled to, and shall
be engaged in, the said trade."
It is much to be regretted that, while under this
act British subjects have enjoyed the protection
of British laws and British judicial tribunals
throughout the whole of Oregon, American citi-
zens, in the same territory, have enjoyed 110 such
protection from their government. At the same
time, the result illustrates the character of our peo-
ple and their institutions. In spite of this neglect,
they have multiplied, and their number is rapidly
increasing in that territory. They have made no
appeal to arm?, but have peacefully fortified them-
selves in their new homes, by the adoption of re-
publican institutions for themselves ; furnishing
another example of the truth that self-government
is inherent in the American breast, and must pre-
vail. It is due to them that they should be em-
braced and protected by our laws.
It is deemed important that our laws regulating
trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes east of
the Rocky mountains, should be extended to such
tribes as dwell beyond them.
The increasing emigration to Oregon, and the
care and protection which is due from the govern-
ment to its citizens in that distant region, make it
our duty, as it is our interest, to cultivate amicable
relations with the Indian tribes of that territory.
For this purpose, I recommend that provision be
made for establishing an Indian agency, and such
sub-agencies as may be deemed necessary, beyond
the Rocky mountains.
For the protection of emigrants whilst 011 their
way to Oregon, against the attacks of the Indian
tribes occupying the country through wluch they
pass, I recommend that a suitable number of
stockades and block-house forts be erected along j
the usual route between our frontier settlements
on the Missouri and the Rocky mountains; and
that an adequate force of mounted riflemen be
raised to guard and protect them 011 their journey.
The immediate adoption of these recommendations
by Congress will not violate the provisions of the
existing treaty. It will be doing nothing more for
American citizens than British laws have long
since done for British subjects in the same territory.
It requires several months to perform the voyage
by sea from the Atlantic States to Oregon; and al-
though we have a large number of whale ships in
the Pacific, but few of them afford an opportunity
of interchanging intelligence, without great delay,
between our settlements in that distant region and
the United States. An overland mail is believed
to be entirely practicable; and the importance of es-,
tablishing such a mail, at least once a month, is sub-
mitted to the favorable consideration of Congress.
It is submitted to the wisdom of Congress to de-
termine whether, at their present session, and until
after the expiration of the year's notice, any other
measures may be adopted, consistently with the
convention of 1827, for the security of our rights,
and the government and protection of our citizens
in Oregon. That it will ultimately be wise and
proper to make liberal grants of land to the patrio-
tic pioneers, who, amidst privations and dangers,
lead the way through savage tribes inhabiting the
vast wilderness intervening between our frontier
settlements and Oregon, and who cultivate, and
are ever ready to defend the soil, I am fully satis-
fied. To doubt whether they will obtain such
grants as soon as the convention between the
United States and Great Britain shall have ceased
to exist, would be to doubt the justice of Con-
gress; but, pending the year's notice, it is worthy
of consideration whether a stipulation to this effect
may be made, consistently with the spirit of that
convention.
The recommendations which I have made, as to
the best manner of securing our rights in Oregon,
are submitted to Congress with great deference.
Should they, in their wisdom, devise any other
mode better calculated to accomplish the same ob-
ject, it shall meet with my hearty concurrence.
At the end of the year's notice, should Congress
think it proper to make provision for giving that
notice, we shall have reached a period when the
national rights in Oregon must either be abandon-
ed or firmly maintained. That they cannot be
abandoned without a sacrifice of both national
honor and interest, is too clear to admit of doubt.
Oregon is a part of the North American conti-
nent, to which it is confidently affirmed, the title
of the United States is the best now in existence.
For the grounds 011 which that title rest", I refer
you to the correspondence of the late and pre,~-cnt
Secretary of State with the British plenipotentiary
during the negotiation. The British proposition
of compromise, which would make the Columbia
the line south of forty-nine degrees, with a trnling
addition of detached territory to the United States,
north of that river, and would leave 011 the British
side two-thirds of the whole Oregon territory, in-
cluding the free navigation of ti.e Columbia and
all the valuable harbors 011 the Pacific, can never,
for a moment be entertained, by the United Suites,
without an abandonment of their just and clear ter-
ritorial rights, their own self-respect, and the national
honor. For the information of Congress, I com-
municate herewith the correspondence which took
place between the two governments during the late
negotiation.
The rapid extension of our settlements over our
territories heretofore unoccupied; the addition of
new States to our confederacy; the expansion of
free principles, and our rising greatness as a na-
tion, are attracting the attention of the Powers of
Europe ; and lately the doctrine has been broached
in some of them, of a " balance of power" 011 this
continent, to check our advancement. The United
States, sincerely desirous of preserving relations
of good understanding with all nations, cannot in
silence permit any European interference on the
North American continent; and should any such
interference be attempted, will be ready to resist it
at any and all hazards.
It is well known to the American people and to
all nations, that this government has never inter-
fered with the relations subsisting between other
governments. We have never made ourselves
parties to their wars or their alliances ; we have
not sought their territories by conquest: we have
not mingled with parties in their domestic strug-
gles; and believing our own form of government to
be the best, we have never attempted to propagate
it by intrigues, by diplomacy, or by force. We
may claim on this continent a like exemption from
European interference. The nations of America
are equally sovereign and independent v. it.li thoss.
of Europe. They possess the same rights, inde-
pendent of all foreign interposition, to make war,
to conclude peace, and to regulate their internal af-
fairs. The people of the United States cannot,
therefore, view with indifference attempts of Eu-
ropean Powers to interfere with the independent
action of the nations on this continent. The Ame-
rican system of government is entirely diii'erent
from that of Europe. Jealousy among the diii'er-
ent sovereigns of Europe, lest any one of them
might become too powerful for the rest, has caused
them anxiously to desire the establishment of w hat
they term the " balance of power." It cannot 1 c
permitted to have any application on the North
American continent, and especially to the X-nited
States. We must ever maintain the principle, that
the people of this continent alone have the right to
decide their own destiny. Should any portion of
them, constituting an independent State, propose to
unite themselves with our confederacy, this will be
a question for them and us to determine, without
any foreign interposition. We can never consent
that European Powers shall interfere to prevent
such a union because it might distutb the •• ba-
lance of power" which they may desuc to main-
tain upon this continent. Near a quarter ot n cen-
tury ago, the principle was distinctly announced to
the world in the annual message of one ol' my pre-
decessors, that 11 the American continents, by the
free, and independent condition which they have
assumed and maintain, are henceforth not to he
considered as subjects for future colonization by
any European Power." Tins principle will apply
