8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 2,
Governments, they confined the reduction of ton-
nage duty merely to Spanish vessels " coming
from a port in Spain, "leaving the former discrim-
inating duty to remain against such vessels com-
ing from a port in any other country. It is man-
ifestly unjust that while American vessels arriv-
ing in the ports of Spam from other countries
pay no more duty than Spanish vessels, Spanish
vessels arriving in the ports of the United Slates
from othercoa.ntri.es should be subjected to-heavy
discriminating tonnage duties. This is neither
equality nor reciprocity,.and is in violation of the
arrangement conclu.ded in December, 1831, be-
tween the two countries.. The Spanish Govern-
ment have made repeated and earnest remon-
strances against this inequality, and the favorable
attention of Congress has been several times in-
voked to the subject by my predecessors. 1 rec-
ommend, as an act of justice to Spain, that this
inequality be removed by Congress, and that the
discriminating duties which have been levied un-
der the act of the 13th of July, 1833, on Spanish
vessels coming to theUnitedStatesfrom any other
foreign country be refunded. This recommenda-
tion does not embrace Spanish vessels arriving in
the United States from Cubaand Porto Rico, which
will still remain subject to the provisions of the
act of June 30,1834, concerning tonnage duty on
such vessels.
By the act of the 14th of July, 1832, coffee was
exempted from duty altogether. This exemption
was universal, without reference to the country
where it was produced, or the national character
of the vessel in which it was imported. By
the tariff act of the 30th of August, 1842, this
exemption from duty was restricted to coffee im-
ported in American vessels from the place of its
production; while coffee imported under allother
circumstances was subjected to a duty of twenty
per cent, ad valorem. Under this act and ourex-
isting treaty with the king of the Netherlands
Java coffee imported from the European ports uf
that kingdom into the United States, whether in
Du teh or American vessels, now pays this rate of
duty. The Government of the Netherlands com-
plains that such a discriminating duty should have
been imposed on coffee, the production of one of
its colonies, and which is chiefly brought from
Java to the ports of that kingdom and exported
from thence to foreign countries. Our trade with
the Netherlands is highly beneficial to both coun-
tries,and our relations with them have ever been
of the most friendly character. Under all the cir-
cumstances of the case I recommend that this
discrimination should be abolished, and that the
coffee of Java imported from the Netherlands be
placed upon the same footing with that imported
directly from Brazil and other countries where it
is produced.
under the eighth section of the tariff act of the
30th of August, 1842, a duty of fifteen cents per
gallon was imposed on port wine in casks, while
on the red wines of several other countries, when
imported in casks, a duty of only six cents per
gallon was imposed. This discrimination, so ftr
as regarded the port wine of Portugal, was deemed
a violation of our treaty with that Power, which
provides that "no higher or other duties shall be
imposed on the importation into the United
States of America of any article the growth, pro-
duce, or manufacture of the kingdom and pos-
sessions of Portugal than such as are or shall be
payable on the like article being the growth, pro-
duce, or manufacture of any other foreign coun-
try." Accordingly, to give effect to the treaty, us
well as to the intention of Congress, expressed in
a proviso to the tariff act itself, that nothing therein
contained should be so construed as to interfere
with subsisting treaties with foreign nations, a
Treasury circular was issued on the 16th of July,
1844, which, among other things, declared the
duty on the port wine of Portugal, in casks,
underthe existing lawsand treaty, to be six cents
per gallon, and directed that the excess of duties
which had been collected on such wine should be
refunded. By virtue of another clause in the same
section of the act it is provided that all imitations
of port, or any other wines, "shall be subject to
the duty provided for the genuine article." Imi-
tations of port wine, the production ofFrance, are
imported to some extent into the United States,
and the Government of that country now claims
that under a correct construction of theact these
imitations ought not to pay a higher duty than
that imposed upon the original port wine of Por-
tugal. Itappears to me to be unequal and unjust
that French imitations of port wine should be
subjected to a duty of fifteen cents, while the more
valuable article from Portugal should pay a duty
of six cents only per gallon. I therefore recom-
mend to Congress such legislation as may be
necessary to correct the inequality.
The late President, in his annual message of'
December last, recommended an appropriation to
satisfy the claims of the Texan government
against the United States, which had been pre-
viously adjusted, so far as the powers of the
Executive extend. These claims arose out of
the act of disarming a body of Texan troops under
the command of Major Snively by an officer in
the service of the United States, acting under the
orders of our Government, and the forcible entry
into the custom-house at Bryarly's Landing, on
Red river, by certain citizensof the United States,
and taking away therefrom the goods seized by
the collector of the customs as forfeited under the
laws of Texas. This was a liquidated debt, ascer-
tained to be due to Texas when an independent
State. Her acceptance of the terms of annexation
proposed by the United States does notdischarge
or invalidate the claim. I recommend that pro-
vision be made for its payment.
The commissioner appointed to China during
the special session of the Senate in March last
shortly afterward set out on his mission in the
United States ship Columbus. On arriving at Rio
de Janeiro on his passage the state of his health
had become so critical that by the advice of his
medical attendants he returned,,to the United
States early in the month of October last. Com-
modore Biddle, commanding the East India squad-
ron, proceeded on his voyage in the Columbus,
and was charged by the commissioner with the
duty of exchanging with the proper authorities
the ratifications of the treaty lately concluded
with the emperor of China. Since the return of
the commissioner to the United States his health
has been much impioved, and he entertains the
confident belief that he will soon be able to pro-
cued on his mission.
Unfortunately differences continue to exist
among some of the nations of South America,
which, following our example, have established
their independence, while in others internal dis-
sension* prevail. It is natural that our sympa-
thies should be warmly enlisted for their welfare;
that we should desire that all controversies be-
tween them should be amicably adjusted, and
their Governments administered in a manner to
protect the l ights and promote the prosperity of
their people. Jt is contrary, however, to our
settled policy to interfere in their controversies,
whether external or internal.
I have thus adverted to ail the subjects con-
nected with our foreign relations to which I deem
it necessary to call your attention. Our policy is
not only peace with all, but good will toward all
the Powers of the earth. While we are just to
all, we require that all shall be just to us. Ex-
cepting the differences with Mexico and Gieat
Britain our relations with all civilized nations are
of the most satisfactory character. It is hoped
that in this enlightened age these differences may
be amicably adjusted.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his annual
report to Congress, will communicate a full state-
ment of the condition of our finances. The im-
ports for the fiscal year ending on the 30th of
June last were of the value of $117,954,564, of
which the amount exported was |l5,346,83Q,
leaving a balance of $101,907,734 for domestic
consumption. The exports for the same year
were of the value of $114,646,606, of which the
amount of domestic articles was §99,299,776.
The receipts into the Treasury during the same
year were $29,769,133 56, of which there were
derived from customs $27,528,112 70; from sales
of public lands $2,077,022 30, and from incidental
and miscellaneous sources $163,998 56. The
expenditures for the same period were $29,968,-
206 98, of which §8,588,157 02 were applied to
the payment of the public debt. The balance
in the Treasury on the 1st of July last was
$7,658,306 22. 3
The amount of the public debt remaining un-
paid on the 1st of Octoberlast was $17,075,445 52.
Further payments of the public debt would have
been made, in anticipation of the period of its
reimbursement under the authority conferred
upon the Secretary of the Treasury by the acts
July 21, 1841, and of April 15, 1842, and March
3, 1843, had not the unsettled state of our rela-
tions with Mexico menaced hostile collision with
that Power. In view of such a contingency it
was deemed prudent to retain in the Treasury an
amount unusually large for ordinary purposes.
A few ye^rs ago our whole national debt,grow-
ing out of the Revolution and the war of 1812
w.ith Great Britain, was extinguished, and we
presented to the world tht- rare and noble specta-
cle of a great and growing people who liad fully
discharged every obligation. Since that time the
existing debt has been contracted; and small as
it is in comparison with the similar burdens of
most other nations it should be extinguished at
the earliest practicable period. Should the state
of the country permit, and especially if our for-
eign relations interpose no obstacle, it is contem-
plated to apply all the moneys in the Treasury
as they accrue beyond what is required for the
appropriations by Congress toils liquidation^ I
cherish the hope of soon being able to congratu-
late the country on its recovering once more the
lofty position which it so recently occupied. Our
country, which exhibits to the world the benefits
of self-government, in developing all the sources
of national prosperity, owes to mankind the per-
manent example of a nation free from the blight-
ing influence of a public debt.
The attention of Congress is invited to the im-
portance of making suitable modifications and re-
ductions of the rates of duty imposed by our pres-
ent tariff laws. The object of imposing duties
on imports should be to raise revenue to pay the
necessary expenses of Government. Congress
may, undoubtedly, in the exercise of a sound
discretion, discriminate in arranging the rates of
duty on different articles, but the discriminations
should be within the revenue standard, and be
made with the view to raise money for the sup-
port of Government.
It becomes important to understand distim-tly
what is meant by a revenue standard, the mtixi-
mumof which should not be exceeded in the rat«-s
of duty imposed. It is conceded, and cxpci ienee
proves, that duties may be laid so high as to di-
minish, or prohibit altogether, the importation of
any given article, and thereby lessen or destroy
the revenue which, at lower rates, would be de-
rived from its importation. Such duties exceed
the revenue rates, and are not imposed to raise
money for the support of Government. If Con-
gress levy a duty for revenue of one per cent, on
a given article it will produce a given amount of
money to the Treasury, and will incidentally and
necessarily afford protection or advantage to the
amount of one per cent, to the home manufactu-
rer of a similar or like article over the importer.
If the duty be raised to ten per cent, it will pro-
duce a greater amount of money, and afford
greater protection. If it be still raised to twenty,
twenty-five, or thirty per cent., and if, as it is
raised, the revenue derived from it is found to be
increased, the protection or advantage will also be
increasedj but if it be raised to thirty-one per
cent., and it is found that the revenue produced
at that rate is less than at thirty per cent,, it ceases
to be a revenue duty. The precise point in the
ascending scale of dutiesat which it is ascertained
from experience that the revenue is greatest is the
maximum rate of duty which can be laid for the
bona fide purpose of collecting money for the sup-
port of Government. To raise the duties higher
than that point, and thereby diminish the amount
collected, is to levy them for protection merelv,
and not for revenue. As long, then, as Congress
may gradually increase the rate of duty on a
given articlc,and the revenue is increased by such
increase of duty, they are within the revenue
standard. When they go beyond that point, and
as Liey increase the duties the revenue ts dimin-
ished or destroyed, the act ceases to have for it*?
object the raising of money to support Govern-
ment, but is for protection merely.
It does not follow that Congress should levy
the highest duty on all articles of import which
they will bear within the revenue standard, lor
such rates would probably produce a much Ltrgt r
amount than the economical administration of
the Government would require. Nor dots it fol-
low that the duties on all articles should be at the
same, or a horizontal rate. Some articles will
