CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
A few years ago, our whole national debt, grow-
ing out of the Revolution and the war of 1812
with Great Britain, was extinguished, and we pre-
sented to the world the rare and noble spectacle of
a great and growing people who had fully dis-
charged every obligation. Since that time, the'ex-
isting debt has been contracted; and small as it
is, in comparison with the similar burdens of most
other nations, it should be extinguished at the
earliest practicable period. Should the state of the
country permit, and, especially, if our foreign re-
lations interpose no obstacle, it is contemplated to
apply all the moneys in the treasury as they ac-
crue beyond what is required for the appropria-
tions by Congress, to its liquidation. I cherish
the hope of soon being able to congratulate the
country on its recovering once more the lofty po-
sition which it so recently occupied. Our country,
which exhibits to the world the benefits of self-
government, in developing all the sources of na-
tional prosperity, owes to mankind the permanent
example of a nation free from the blighting influ-
ence of a public debt.
The attention of Congress is invited to the im-
portance of making suitable modifications and re-
ductions of the rates of duty imposed by our pre-
sent tariff laws. The object of imposing duties
on imports should be to raise revenue to pay the
necessary expenses of government. Congress may
undoubtedly, in the exercise of a sound discre-
tion, discriminate in arranging the rates of duty on
different articles ; but the discriminations should
be within the revenue standard, and be made with
the view to raise money for the support of govern-
ment.
It becomes important to understand distinctly
what is meant by a revenue standard, the maxi-
mum of which should not be exceeded in the rates
of duty imposed. It is conceded, and experience
proves, that duties may be laid so high as to di-
minish, or prohibit altogether, the importation of
any given article, and thereby lessen or destroy
the revenue which, at lower rales, would be de-
rived from its importation. Such duties exceed
the revenue rates, and are not imposed to raise
money for the support of government. If Con-
gress levy a duty, for revenue, of one per cent, on
a given article, it will produce a given amount of
money to the treasury, and will incidentally and
necessarily afford protection, or advantage, to the
amount of one per cent, to the home manufactu-
rer of a similar or like article over the importer.
Jf the duty be raised to ten per cent., it will pro-
duce a greater amount of money, and afford
greater protection. If it be still raised to twenty,
twenty-five, or thirty per cent., and if, as it is
raised, the revenue derived from it is found to be
increased, the protection or advantage will also be
increased ; hut if it be raised to thirty-one per
cent., and it is found that the revenue produced at
that rate is less than at thirty per cent., it ceases
to be a revenue duty. The precise point in the
ascending scale of duties at which it is ascertained
from experience that the revenue is greatest, is the
maximum rate of duty which can be laid for the
bona fide purpose of collecting money for the sup-
port of government. To raise the duties higher
than that point, and. thereby diminish the amount
collected, is to levy them for protection merely,
and not for revenue. As long, then, as Congress
may gradually increase the rate of duty on a given
article, and the revenue is increased by such in-
crease of duty, they arc within the revenue stand-
ard. When they go beyond that point, and, as
they increase the duties, the revenue is diminished
or destroyed, the act ceases to have for its object
the raising of money to support government, but
is for protection merely.
It does not follow "that Congress should levy
the highest duty on all articles of import which
they -will bear within the revenue standard; for
such rates would probably produce a much
larger amount than the economical administration
of the government would require. Nor does it
follow that the duties on all articles should be at
the same, or a horizontal rate. Some articles will
bear a much higher revenue duty than others.
Below the maximum of the revenue standard
Congress may and ought to discriminate in the
rates imposed, taking care so to adjust them on
different articles as to produce in the aggregate the
amount which, when added to the proceeds of
sales of public lands, may be needed to pay the
economical expenses of the government.
In levying a tariff of duties, Congress exercise
the taxing power, and for purposes of revenue
may select the objects of taxation. They may
exempt certain articles altogether, and permit
their importation free of duty. On others they
may impose low duties. In these classes should
be embraced such articles of necessity as are in
general use, and especially such as are consumed
by the laborer and the poor, as well as by the
wealthy citizen. Care should be taken that all
the great interests of the country, including manu-
factures, agriculture, commerce, navigation, and
the mechanic arts, should, as far as may be prac-
ticable, derive equal advantages from the inciden-
tal protection which a just system of revenue du-
ties may afford. Taxation, direct or indirect, is
a burden, and it should be so imposed as to ope-
rate as equally as may be, on all classes, in the
proportion of their ability to bear it. To make
the taxing power an actual benefit to one class,
necessarily increases the burden of the others be-
yond their proportion, and would be manifestly
unjust. The terms "protection to domestic in-
dustry," are of popular import; but they should
apply' under a just system to all the various
branches of industry in our country. The farm-
er or planter who toils yearly in his fields, is en-
gaged in "domestic industry," and is as much en-
titled to have his labor "protected," as the manu-
facturer, the man of commerce, the navigator, or
the mechanic, who are engaged also in "domestic
industry," in their different pursuits. The joint
labors of all these classcs constitute the aggregate
of the "domestic industry" of the nation, and
they are equally entitled to the nation 's "protec-
tion." No one of them can justly claim to be the
exclusive recipients of "piotection." which can
only be alibi ded by increasing burdens on the
"domestic industry" of the others.
If these views be correct, it remains to inquire
how far the tariff act of is consistent with
them. That many of the provisions of that act
are in violation of the cardinal principles heie laid
down, all must concede. The rates of duty im-
posed by it on some articles are prohibitory, and
i on others so high as greatly to diminish importa-
tions, and to produce a less amount of revenue than
would be derived from lower rates. They operate
as "protection merely," to one branch of "do-
mestic industry," by taxing other branches.
By the introduction of mimmums, or assumed
and false values, and by the imposition of specific
duties, the injustice and inequality of the act ol
1842, in its practical operations on different classes
and pursuits, are seen and felt. Many of the op-
pressive duties imposed by it under the operation
of these principles, range from one per cent, to
more than two hundred per cent. They are pro-
hibitory on some articles, and partially so on
others, and bear most heavily on articles of com-
mon necessity, and but lightly on articles of
luxury. It is so framed that much the greatest
burden which it imposes is thrown on labor
and the poorer classes who are least able to bear
it, while it protects capital and exempts the rich
| from paying their just proportion of tiie taxation
required for the support of government. While
it protects the capital of the wealthy manufacturer,
and increases his profits, it does not benefit the
operatives or laborers in his employment, whose
wages have not been increased by it. Articles
of prime necessity or of coarse quality and low
price, used by the masses of the people, are, m
many instances, subjected by it to heavy taxes,
while articles of finer quality and higher price, or
of luxury, which can be used only by the opulent,
are lightly taxed. It imposes heavy and unjust
burdens on the farmer, the planter, the commer-
cial man, and those of all other pursuits except
the capitalist who has made his investment's in
manufactures. All the great interests of the coun-
try are not, as nearly as may be practicable,
equally protected by it.
The government m theory knows no distinction
of persons or classes, and should not bestow upon
some favors and privileges which all others may
not enjoy. It was the purpose of its illustrious
founders to base the institutions which they reared
upon the great and unchanging principles of jus-
tice and equity, conscious that if administered in
the spirit in which they were conceived, they "would
be felt only by the benefits which they diffused,
and would secure for themselves a defcnce in the
hearts of the people, more powerful than standing
armies, and all the means and appliances invented
to sustain governments founded in injustice anjl
oppression.
The well-known fact that the tariff act of 184:2
was passed by a majority of one vote in the Se-
nate, and two in the House of Representatives,
and that some of those who felt themselves con-
strained, under the peculiar circumstances existing
at the time, to vote m its favor, proclaimed its de-
fects, and expressed their determination to aid in
its modification on the first opportunity, affords
strong and conclusive evidence that it was not in-
tended to be permanent, and of the expediency
and necessity of its thorough revision.
In recommending to Congress a reduction of
the present rates of duty, and a revision and modi-
fication of the act of 1842, 1 am far from enter-
taining opinions unfriendly to the manufacturers.
On the contrary, I desire to see them prosperous,
as far as they can be so, -without imposing une-
qual burdens on other interests. The advantPire
under any system of indirect taxation, even with-
in the revenue standard, must lie in favor of the
manufacturing interest; and of this no oilier in-
terest will complain.
I recommend to Congress the abolition of the
minimum principle, or assumed, aibitrary, and
false values, and of specific duties, and the substi-
tution in their place of ad valorem duties, as the
fairest and most equitable indirect tax winch can
be imposed. By the ad valorem principle, all ar-
ticles are taxed aecoiding to theu cost oi value,
and those winch are of inferior quality, or of
small cost, bear only the just proportion of the
tax with those which are of superior quality or
greater cost. The articles consumed by all are
taxed at the same rate. A system of ad valorem
revenue duties, with proper discriminations and
proper guards against frauds in collecting them, it
is not doubted, will afford ample incidental advan-
tages to the manufacturers, and enable them to
derive as great profits as can be derived from any
other tegular business. It is believed that such a
system, strictly within the revenue standard, will
place the manufacturing interests on a stable foot-
ing, and inure to their permanent advantage ; while
it will, as nearly as may be practicable, ^x'end to
all the great interests of the country the incidental
protection winch can be afforded by our revenue
laws. Such a system, when once firmly estab-
lished, would be peimanent, and not be subject to
the constant complaints, agitations, and changes
which must ever occur when duties are not laid
for revenue, but for the " protection merely" of a
favored interest.
In the deliberations of Congress on this subject,
it is hoped that a spirit of mutual concession and
compromise between conflicting interests may pre-
vail, and that the result of tfseir labors may be
crowned with the happiest consequences.
By the constitution of the United States, it is
provided that " no money shall be drawn from
the treasury but m consequence of appropriations
made by law." A public treasury was undoubt-
edly contemplated and intended to be created, in
which the public money should be kept from the
period of collection until needed for public uses.
In the collection and disbursement of the public
money no agencies have e^ej been employed by
law, except such as were appointed by the em-
inent, directly responsible to it, and under its con-
trol. The sale-keeping of the public money should
be confided to a public treasury created by law,
and under like responsibility and control. It ts
not to be imagined that the framcrs of the consti-
tution could have intended that a treasuiy should
be created as a place of deposite and safe-keeping
of the public money which was irresponsible to
the government. The first Congress under the
constitution, by the act of the second September,
1789, " to establish the Tre asury Department,''
provided for the appointment of a treasurer, anc!
made it his duty " to receivc and keep the moneys
of the United States," and " at all time,? to submit
to the Secretary of the Treasury and the Comp-
troller, or either of them, the inspection of the
moneys in his hands."
That banks, National or State, could not have
been intended to be used as a substitute for ihe
treasury spoken of in the constitution, as keepers
of the public money, is manifest from the fart that
at that time there was 110 National bank, and but
three or four State banks of limited capital existed
in the country. Their employment as deposito-
