10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 2,
stitution should be independent of all banking cor-
porations. The money of the people should be
kept in the Treasury of the people created bylaw,
and be in thecustody of agents of the people chosen
by themselves, according to the forms ef the Con-
stitution; agents who, are directly responsible to
the Government, who are under-adequate bonds
and oaths, and who are subject to severe punish-
ments for any embezzlement, private use, or mis-
application of the public funds, and for any failure
in other respectsto perform theirduties. To say
that the people or their Government afe incompe-
tent or not to be trusted with thecustody of their
own money in their own Treasury, provided by
themselves, butmustrely on the presidents, cash-
iers,and stockholders of banking corporations not
appointed by them, nor responsible to them,would
be to concede that they are incompetent for self-
government.
In recommending the establishment of a con-
stitutional Treasury, in which the public money
shall be kept, I desire that adequate provision be
made bylaw for its safety, and that all executive
discretion or control over it shall be removed,
except such as may be necessary in directing its
disbursement in pursuance of appropriations
made by law.
Under our present land system, limiting the
minimum price at which the public lands cun
be entered to $1 25 per acre, large quantities of
lands of inferior quality remain unsold, because
they will not command that price. From the
records of the General JLand Office itappears that
of the public lands remaining unsold in the sev-
eral States and Territories in which they are sit-
uated thirty-nine million one hundred and five
thousand five hundred and seventy-seven acres
have been in the market subject to entry more
than twenty years; forty-nine million six hun-
dred and thirty-eight thousand six hundred and
forty-four acres for more than fifteen years; sev-
enty-three million seventy-four thousand andsix
hundred acres for more than ten years; and one
hundred and six million one hundred and sev-
enty-six thousand nine hundred and sixty-one
ao.es for more ilian five years. Much the largest
portion of these lands will continue to be unsale-
able at the minimum price at which they are per-
mitted to be sold so long as large territories of
lauds from which the more valuable portions have
not been selected are annually brought into mar-
ket by the Government. With the view to the
sale and settlement of these inferior lands I rec-
ommend that the price be graduated and reduced
below the present mimimum rate, confining the
sales at the reduced prices to settlersand cultiva-
tor in limited quantities. If graduated and re-
duced in price for a limited term to one dollar per
acre, and after the expiration of that period for a
second and third term to lower rates, a large por-
tion of the^e lands would be purchased, and many
worthy citizens, who are unable to pay higher
rates, could purchase homes for themselves, and
their families. By adopting the policy of gradua-
tion and reduction of price these inferior lands
will be sold for their real value, while theStatesin
which they lie will be freed from the inconven-
ience, if not in justice, to which they are subjected,
in consequence of the United States continuingto
own l.ugo quantities of public lands within their
borders not liable to taxation for the support of
their local governments.
1 recommend the continuance of the policy of
gianting preemptions in its most liberal extent to
all thosewlio have settled, or may hereafter settle,
on the public lands, whether surveyed or unsur-
veyed, to which the Indian title may have been
extinguished at the time of settlement. It has
been found by experience that in consequence of
combinations of purchasers and other causes a
very small quantity of the public lands, when sold
at public auction, commands a higher price than
the minimum rate established by law. The set-
tlers on the public lands are, however, but rarely
able to secure their homes and improvements at
the public sales at that rate; because these com-
binations, by means of the capital they command,
and their superior ability to purchase, render it im-
jMi.-s.ible for the settler to compete with them in
the unuket. By putting down all competition
these combinations of capitalists and speculators
an1 usually enabled to purchase the lands, in-
cluding the improvements of the settlers, at the
minimum price of the Government, and either
turn them outoftheir homes orextortfroiri them,
according to their ability to pay, double or quad-
ruple the amount paid for them to the Govern-
ment. It is to the enterprise and perseverance of
the hardy pioneers of the West, who penetrate the
wilderness with their families, suffer the dangers,
the privations, and hardships attending'the settle-
ment of a new.country, and prepare the way for
the body of emigrants who, in the course of a few
years, usually follow them, that we are in a great
degree indebted for the rapid extension and
aggrandizement of our country.
Experience has proved that no portion of our
population is more patriotic than the hardy and
brave men of the frontier, or more ready to obey
the call of (heir country, and to defend her rights
and her honor, whenever and by whatever enemy
assailed. They should be protected from the
grasping speculator, and secured, at the minimum
price of the public lands, in the humble homes
which they have improved by their labor. With
this end in view, all vexatious or unnecessary re-
strictions imposed upon them by the existingpre-
emption laws should be repealed or modified. It
is the true policy of the Government to afford
facilities to its citizens to become the owners of
small portions of our vast public domain at low
and moderate rates.
The present system of managing the mineral
lands of the United States is believed to be radi-
cally defective. More than a million acres of the
public lands, supposed to contain lead and other
minerals, have been reserved from sale, and nu-
merous leases upon them have been granted to
individuals upon a stipulated rent. The system
of granting leases has proved to be not only un-
profitable to the Government but unsatisfactory
to the citizens who have gone upon the lands,
and must, if continued, lay the foundation of
much future difficulty between the Government
and the lessees. According to the official rec-
ords theamountof rents received by theGovern-
ment for the years 1841, 1842, 1843, and 1844
was $6,354 74, while the expenses of the system
during the same period, including salaries of su-
perintendents, agents, clerks, and incidental ex-
penses, were §26,111 11—the income being less
than one fourth of the expenses. To this pecu-
niary loss may be added the injury sustained by
the public in consequence of the destruction of
timber, and the careless and wasteful manner of
working the mines. The system has given rise
to much litigation between the United States and
individual citizens, producing irritation and ex-
citement in the mineral region, and involving the
Government in heavy additional expenditures.
It is believed that similar losses and embarrass-
ments will continue to occur while the present
system of leasing these lands remains unchanged.
These lands are now under the superintendence
and care of the War Department, with the ordi-
nary duties of which they have no proper ornat-
ural connection. I recommend the repeal of the
present system, and that these lands be placed
under thesuperintendence and management of the
General Land Office, as other public lands, and
be brought into market and sold upon such terms
as Congress in their wisdom may prescribe, re-
serving to the Government an equitable percent-
age of the gross amount of mineral product, and
that the preemption principle be extended to res-
ident miners and settlers upon them at the mini-
mum price which may be established by Con-
I refer you to the accompanying report of the
Secretary of War for information respecting the
present situation of the Army and its operations
during the past year; the state of our defenses;
the condition of the public works; and our rela-
tions with the various Indian tribes within our
limits or upon our borders. I invite your atten-
tion to the suggestions contained in that report
in relation to these prominent objects of national
interest.
When orders were given during the past sum-
mer forconcentrating a military foree on the west-
ern frontier of Texas our troops were widely dis-
persed, and in small detachments, occupying posts
remote from each other. The prompt and cxpe-
ditiousmannerin whichanarmy,embracing more
than half our peace establishment, was drawn to-
gether on an emergency so sudden reflects great
creditor! the officers who were intiusted with the
execution of these orders, as well as upon the dis-
cipline of the Army itself. To be in strr ugi h to
protect and defend the people and territory of
Texas, in thee vent Mexico should commence hos-
tilities or invade her territories with a large army,
which she threatened, I authorized the general as-
signed to the command of the army of occupation
to make requisitions for additional forcesfrom sev-
eral of the States nearest the Texan territory, and
which could most expeditiously furnish them, if
in his opinion a larger force than that under his
command and the auxiliary aid which,under like
circumstances, he was authorized to receive from
Texas, should be required. The contingency
upon which the exercise of this authority de-
pended has not occurred. The circumstances
under which two companies of State artillery from
the city of New Orleans were sent into Texas
and mustered into the service of the United States
are fully stated in the report of the Secretary of
War. I recommend to Congress that provision
be made for the payment of these troops, as well
as a small number of Texan volunteers, whom
the commanding general thought it necessary to
receive or muster into our service.
' During the-last summer the first regiment of
dragoons made extensive excursions through the
Indian country on our borders, a part of thera
advancing nearly to the possessions of the Hud-
son's Bay Company in the north, and a part as
far as the South Pass of the Rocky mountains,
and the headwaters of the tributary streams of
the Colorado of the West. The exhibition of this
military force among the Indian tribes in those
distant regions,and the councils held with them
by the commanders of the expeditions, it is be-
lieved wilt have a salutary influence in restrain-
ing them from hostilities among themselves, and
maintaining friendly relations between them and
the United States. Aninterestingaccountof one
of these excursions accompanies the report of
the Secretary of War. Under the directions of
the War Department Brevet Captain Fi-gmom,
of the corps of topographical engineers, hasheen
employed since 1842 in exploring the country west
of the Mississippi, and beyond the Rocky mount-
ains. Two expeditions havealready been brought
to a close, and the reports of that scientific and
enterprising officer have furnished much inter-
esting and valuable information. He is now en-
gaged in a third expedition; but it is not expected
that this arduous scrviee will be completed in
season to enable me to communicate the result to
Congress at the present session.
Our relations with the Indian tribes are of a
favorable character. The policy of removing
them to a country designed for their permanent
residence west of the Mississippi and without the
limits of the organized States and Territories is
better appreciated by them than it was a few years
ago, while education is now attended to and the
habits of civilized life are gaining ground among
them.
Serious difficulties of long standing continue to
distract the several parties info which the Chero-
kees are unhappily divided. The efforts of the
Government to adjust the difficulties between
them have heretofore proved unsuccessful; and
there remains no probability that this desirable
object can be accomplished without the aid of
further legislation by Congress. I will at an
early period of your session present the subject
for your consideration,accompanied with an ex-
position of the complaints and claims of the sev-
eral parties into which the nation is divided, with
a view to the adoption of such measures by Con-
gress as may enable the Executive to do justice
to them respectively, and to put an end, if pos-
sible, to the dissensions which have long pre-
vailed and still prevail among them.
I lefer you to the report of the Secretary of the
JNavy for the present condition of that branch of
the national defense, and for grave suggestion!!,
having for theirobjectthe increase of itsefBeieiicy
and a greater economy in its management. Dur-
ing the past year the officers and men have per-
formed their duty m a satisfactory manner. The
Orders which have been given have been execut. d
with promptness and fidelity. A larger force
than has often formed one squadron unci-r <mr
nag was readily concentrated in the Gulf of Mex-
ico,and apparently without unusual effort. It is
especially to be observed that notwithstanding the
union of so considerable a force no act was com-
muted that even the jealousy ofan irritated Power
