12
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
Dec. 2,
TREATY OF DANCING RABBIT CJJUSJSK.
Mr. SPEIGHT submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies otie day on the table:
, Resolved, That the President of the United States cause
to be laid before the Senate, at as early a day as practica-
ble, the report of the board of commissioners appointed in
pursuance of the act of Congress of the 93d August, 1842,
entitled "An act to provide for the satisfaction of claims
arising under the fourteenth aiticle of the treaty of Danc-
ing Rabbit Greek, concluded in December, 1830/' embrac-
ing the testimony on which the claims arising under said
treaty have been allowed, together with the amount of
scrip requisite to satisfy the same, distinguishing the
amount already issued.
OKEGON TERRITORY.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following: resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That in addition to the copies of the Presi-
dent's message and accompanying documents hitherto or-
dered to be furnished for the use of the Seriate, there be
punted for the Use of tiie Senate twenty five thousand
copies of tiie message, together with so much of the accom-
panying documents as relates to the negotiations between
the United States and Great Britain on tiie subject of the
Oregon Territory.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. MANG0M asked for its consideration.
Mr. ARCHER objected.'
On motion of Mr. NILES,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 2, 1845.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
COMMITTEE ON RULES.
TheSpeakerannounced the following members
as composing the select committee, heretofore
orileied to be appointed, on the rules and orders
of proceeding: Mr. Holmes of Soulh Carolina,
Mr. John <i. Adams, Mr. Hamlin, Mr. Hun-
ter, Mi. R. Chapman, Mi. Bowlin, Mr. Vin-
ton, Mr. Caleb 13. Smith, and Mr. Reid.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON PRESIDENT.
Mr. McDowell, Mr. Hopkins, and Mr. Wim-
tiirof compiiscd the joint committee on the part
ol the House, appointed yesterday, to wait on
the 1'iesidentof the United States and notify him
that ihe two Houses of Congress had met, or-
ganized, and weie ready to receive any commu-
nication lie might have to make.
A message was received from the Senate, noti-
fying the House that Mr. Speisht and Mr. Up-
ham had been appointed of the same committee
on the part of the Senate.
ELECTION OF CLERK.
Mr. COBB moved the following resolution:
Resolved, That Benjamin 8. French be,and heishereby,
appointed Cleric of the House for tiie Twenty-Ninth Con-
gress.
The resolution was read and agreed to unani-
mously.
And so Benjamin B. French, esq.,is appointed
Clerk to the House of Representatives for the
Twenty-Ninth Congress.
OREGON.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose and said, he de-
siied to occupy the attention of the House for a
short time, to present the petition of American
citizens in Oregon.
The CHAIR said it could be done only by
general consent.
Mr. HOUSTON,of Alabama, objected to tak-
ing up any business out of order. The resolu-
tion offered yesterday by his friend from Georgia
[Mr. Coeb] respecting the choice of seats in the
Hall, was still pending, and, as unfinished busi-
ness, was first in order.
Tiie SPEAKER said that the first business in
ordei was the. resolution offered yesterday by the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is a petition from Amer-
ican inhabitants of Oregon which I desire to pre-
sent and to have read by the Clerk. I shall then
move that it be laid on the table.
[Some calls to older, with here and there a
voice, "Let's have Oregon."
Objections were made to the reading.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said that he would be
obliged, by the news of a domestic affliction, to
leave this city for his home for a few days, and
that be would have no opportunity, therefore, of
presenting the petition unless this was allowed
him. '
[Cries of "Consent."]'
A Member. You can present the petition un-
der the rules of the House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not wish to have it
filed away under the rules of the House.
Mr. COLLAMER insisted on the regular order
of business.
Whereupon,
Mr. INGERSOLL moved that the rules of the
House be suspended, to enable him to present the
petition.
And two thirds having voted in the affirmative,
the rules were suspended.
So Mr. INGERSOLL presented the memorial.
It is signed by , president, [it was impos-
sible to decipher the hieroglyphics,] Joseph Ger-
vey and Francis Revay, vice presidents, and by
Charles E. Pickett and J.M. Holderness, secre-
taries.
The memorial prays Congress to establish a
distinct territorial government, to embrace Ore-
gon and its adjacent sea-coasts.
That the lands of the Wallamette valley and
other necessary portions may be surveyed, and
surveyors and land officers appointed and located
at convenient points.
That donations of lands may be made, accord-
ing to the faith pledged by the passage of a law
through the United States Senate at the second
session of the Twenty-Seventh Congress, entitled
"A bill to authorize the adoption of measures for
the occupation and settlement of the Territory of
Oregon, for extending certain provisions of the
laws of the United States over the same, and for
other purposes."
That navy-yards and marinedepots may be es-
tablished on the river Columbia and upon Puget
sound, and a naval force adequate to their protec-
tion be kept permanently in the adjacent seas.
That a public mail be established, to arrive and
depart monthly, between Oregon City and Inde-
pendence, in Missouri,and also such other local
mail routes as are essential to the convenience and
commerce of the Wallumette country and other
settlements.
For the establishment of such commercial regu-
lations as may enable them to trade in their own
Territory at least on an equality with non-resident
foreigners.
For adequate means of protection from the nu-
merous Indian tribes which surround them, for
the purchase of territories which they are willing
to sell, and for agents with authority to regulate
intercourse between whites and Indians, and be-
tween Indian tribes.
That all the overland routes maybe thoroughly
surveyed,and protection be given to emigrants.
That the star-spangled banner may be planted
in and unfurled over the Territory, and kept stand-
ing and floating over it in a manner worthy the
dignity and power of the nation.
The Clerk having read a portion of the memo-
rial,
Mr. McDOWELL moved that the furtherread-
ing be dispensed with.
Several Voices. " Read on; read on."
Mr. McDOWELL waived his motion.
And the Clerk having made further progress
in reading,
Mr. BAYLY rose and said, that as the read-
ing of the memorial did not appear to be attended
to he would move that the further reading be dis-
pensed with,and that it lie on the table and be
printed.
This motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC PRINTER.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House do now
proceed to electa Printer for the House of Repre-
sentatives for the Twenty-Ninth Congress.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS moved to amend the
motion as follows:
Strike out all after tiie word "Resolved," and insoit the
words " that a committee of five be appointed to let the
printing of tins House to the lowest bidder, after ten days'
advertisement in the newspapers punted in this qitv; ihe
person or persons 10 whom it may bo let being required to
give bond, witii sufficient security, for tiie proper execution
of tiie work; and the necessaiy punting in the mean time
the Clerk of this House is required to have done by the
printers for the last House."
Mr. DAVIS said he supposed that as a mat-
ter of economy the amendment which be offered
was justly entitled to the deliberate consideration
of the House. The mode of letting the printing
of the Departments at the discretion of their heads
prevailed until within the last few years. A re-
form was proposed and adopted by Congress, and
the principle established of letting the printing of
the Departments to the lowest bidder. What
was the consequence? The work, instead of
cominginto thehandsof politicians—adventurers,
hungry cormorants, who hang around this city,
hunting after the spoils from the Treasury De-
partment—went into the hands of honest opera-
tives, printers, who agreed to perform the work
since that time for one half the previous cost.
Let gentlemen compare the actual stims the
printing had cost under the two systems respect-
ively, and they would find from documentary
evidence that the work had been done for some-
thing like fifty per cent, of what had formerly
been paid, and with all this saving the labor had
been better performed. He believed that most of
the members of the House had received a printed
communication from certain printers in this city,
offering to do the work of the present Congress
at a reduction as to some work of thirty-three
and one third, and as to other descriptions of
work of fifty per cent, from the existing prices
authorized by law. Now, if so large a saving
could be effected on all the vast amount expended
for the public printing, while at the same time
the work was as well and possibly better done,
he put it to gentlemen to say whether their duty
to their own constituents and to the country did
not demand of them to adopt the plan by which
so great a public economy could be secured.
But, important as this might be in itself, it
vanished into comparative insignificance when
put by the side of another consideration, to which
he would invite the attention of the House, and
this was that the adoption of such a plan went
directly and effectually to cut up what had justly
been styled the spoils system,as brought to bear
on the public press. The press had been said, in
England, to be the fourtif power in the State,
coming next after king, lords, and commons. If
such was its importance there it was not less o«>
this side the water. Here a!! felt, and could not
but feci, the vast importance of so mighty an
engine. It was surely, then, a matter of the ut-
most moment that the press should be preserved
pure and incorruptible, and that it might be so
preserved that the Governmentshould disentangle
itself from all corrupting connection with it. But
what was the spectacle exhibited by thisGoverss-
ment from year to year? Was it not the odious
and degrading one of a Government calling itself
purely republican, virtuous, and free, connecting
itself in meretricious embraces with a party press
the most prostituted in principle, feeding all its
venom, and rewarding lavishly its utmost licen-
tiousness ? Mr. Davis said he would ever main-
tain it as a principle of the soundest policy that
the Government ought, never to connect itself
with the newspaper press of the country, its
patronage ought never to be given to a prostituted,
polluted, mercenary party press, whether it es-
poused one side or tile opposite in our party con-
tentions. It was the solemn bouuden duty of
Congtess to disentangle itself from all such con-
nections, and therefore to cease fiom the patron-
age it now exercised over the press in any form.
Mr. Davis disavowed all intention to cast cen-
sure peculiarly on the Democratic party in this
matter; the two leading parties of the country
were, in many of their great features, and of their
impulses to action, much the same; and in either
of them the results of the evil he was deprecating
had proved much the same.
Two or three years ago a proposition had been
introduced into that House to reduce the allow-
ance for the public printing of Congress, and a
similar measure iiad again been tried at the Inst
session. An apparent reduction in the prices had
indeed been accomplished, but the actual effect of
that reduction had been afterward neutralized, mid
a party favoiite had been amply compensated by
ordering vast masses of documentary printing,
which was of little or no public utility. For ex-
ample, the House had ordered very numerous
copies of the returns of the last census, and after-
ward authorized the printing of a compendium
i t? ce,)su3- former of these jobs had cost
the House from seventy-five to one hundred thou-
sand dollars; for the latter one printing establish-
