CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ie
letting out the printing to the highest bidder, the
Government would have been enabled to make a
saving of not less than $70,000.
Had he time and inclination, Mr. D. said he
could adduce numerous facts of the same descrip-
tion, all going to prove the enormous abuses
which had grown out of this mode of doing the
public printing. Why should a different practice
prevail with regard to this branch of the public
expenditure from that pursued m reference to all
other branches of it? Was it wise? Were not
these expenditures made by advertising for con-
tracts on the lowest terms ? Then competition
was invited, and the result was that of great
economy. The plan had been found to work
well. The work was done upon the lowest terms,
by skilful and competent undertakers, and an im-
mense saving was effected to the Government. A
similar saving would grow out of the adoption of
the plan he now proposed to the House. But
again he would that the mere consideration of
economy was of no comparative importance to the
influence which such a measure would exert on
the purity of the press and the corresponding
purity of public sentiment. The public press
should be kept pure and uncorrupt: it ought to be
devoted to truth, and to truth alone ; it should
lend its mighty and controlling power to the
cause of morality and of high patriotic principle.
But it was vain to expect this so long as the most
prominent editors were in the exclusive enjoyment
of the public printing.
In conclusion, he expressed his hope that the
amendment he had moved would meet with the
favor of the House: sure he was that it would in
practice effect a saving of at least thirty-three and
a third per cent, in the cost of the Government
printing—while at the same time its indirect opera-
tion would be to purify, to some extent at least, the
public press throughout the country generally.
He called for the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, remarked that the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky had
taken him entirely by surprise; and that surprise,
in some degree, originated fiom what seemed to
hnn a new-born zeal for retrenchment in this di-
rection.
Mr. DAVIS asked leave to explain; to which
Mr. B. assenting,
Mr. D. said the gentleman was mistaken in im-
puting to him a new-born zeal upon this subject.
From the year 1839, the gentleman would find that
his course and votes upon this subject had been
uniformly in strict conformity to the proposition
he had now submitted.
Mr. BAYLY resumed. He was aware that a
proposition had been made at the commencement
of the last Congress similar to that now made by
the gentleman from Kentucky 5 and, without know-
ing the fact, he took it for granted that the gentle-
man at that time sustained the proposition. But
the gentleman and his party were in a majority in
this House in 1842, and he had yet to hear that
that gentleman at that time had introduced, and
exerted himself to carry out, such a proposition.
He thought it very probable that some zeal had
been manifested by the gentleman and some of his
party on this subject when they had no power to
carry it out; but he had yet to learn that it had
been manifested when it could have been of some
avail. But he did not wish, in the discussion of
tills subject, to give a party caste to it. He had
only referred to it to account for the surprise he
had" expressed on rising that the proposition should
have been made at this time, and under such cir-
cumstances as at present existed. They had now
no public printer. They had elected a public prm-
-ter for the last Congress, and for the last Congress
only. They were expecting momentarily a mes-
sage vfroin the President of the United States, to
which all eyes in this Union, and, indeed, he
might say, of Christendom, were in some sort
turned. Was that not to be printed ? Were they
to be delayed until the tedious process of the gen-
tleman had been gone through with, before this
printing, and such other printing as Congress
might in the meantime require, could be done?
It would subject them to an extent of inconve-
nience, he was sure, which they w;ere not called
011 to jncur.
But there was another objection to the adoption
.of this amendment. If now adopted, the neces-
sities of this House, already referred to, would
make it imperatively necessary that a speedy con-
tract should be enteied into with the public printer.
Who was to be benefited by this? Would a fair
competition be secured? The gentleman from Ken-
tucky had referred to the practice of the Govern-
ment in the analogous cases of the supplies of the
War and Navy Departments by contract. But
what was the practice of the Government m these
cases? Were these contracts let at a day or two's
notice, when the country was unapprized that
such was to be the case? The contrary was the
fact. The practice had not been introduced until
a law was passed sanctioning it, and then not until
after due notice had been given to contractors from
every portion of the Union. The effect of the gen-
tleman's proposition, as now introduced, would
be, to throw the competition for this printing be-
tween two establishments in this city, and two es-
tablishments only. If he was correctly informed,
he believed that the two establishments—the Na-
tional Intelligencer and the Union—were the only
ones prepared at once to do this printing. But, in
any event, under the amendment proposed by the
gentleman, the House would be subjected to an
inconvenience which he did not think they were
called upon to incur.
But, as far as economy was concerned, the mode
proposed by the gentleman was not necessary.
The compensation of the printer was regulated by
law, and was within the control of Congress. If
too much was now paid, let the price be reduced.
The gentleman would find no one m this House
who would go farther than he would to secure
economy in the expenditures of the Government of
this description. But he way very much surprised
to hear from the gentleman from Kentucky diat
there weie these enormous profits made by the
public printer. It was a subject winch he (Mr.
B.) personally knew nothing of; but he took it for
granted that the older members of the House of
Representatives, who had been here for the last
few years, were pretty good judges of the matter; !
and if he was to niter anything from their action,
the inevitable conclusion would be, that too much
was not paid. Wiiat was the history of the mat-
ter? At the beginning of the 27th Congress, this
House, as he understood, reduced the pay of the
printer 15 [SO] per cent. At that time, the Na-
tional Intelligencer was elected the public pxiuter.
The original compensation had been fixed under
the law of 1819. Subsequent to that time, great
improvements had been made in the mechanism of
the printing press. Printing could be done cheap-
er; and a corresponding reduction was made at the
commencement of that Congress. But before that
Congress had disbanded, the 15 [20] per cent, was
restored to the political associates of the gentleman
from Kentucky—giving up, as he was told, as a
direct bonus, $40,000, which that establishment
had not anticipated when it took the printing.
They bound themselves to do the printing at the
prices which had been fixed, and this additional
amount was given as a direct gratuity. From these
facts, he should infer that the prices paid were not
so extravagant as the gentleman seemed to suppose.
Certainly it could not be so in the estimation of the
friends of the gentleman, who acted with him 011
that occasion.
From these facts, they were bound to come to
one of two conclusions: either that, after the re-
duction of the 15 [SO] per cent, the compensation
was inadequate; or another conclusion, which was j
not very charitable, and one which he did not
choose to make, viz: that this sum was afterwards
given to them as a gratuity as partisans. As to
much the gentleman had said about divorcing the
public press from the patronage of the Government,
he entirely concurred with lam; and whenever it
should be in his power, without inconvenience to
the House of Representatives, and without attain-
ing political objects in the seeming effort to avoid them
-—whenever he could go directly to the point,
whenever he could fairly, without attempting a
political object of any sort—bring about an entire
divorce between the Government and the press, no
one would go farther than he would to do it. But
in doing this, he did not mean to act with a view
to the success of any one establishment in this city
or in any other.
Mr. B., on referring to the public documents on
this matter, said he found he was not so much out of
the way when he had attributed to the distinguished
gentleman from Kentucky a new-born zeal for
economy, as the gentleman seemed to suppose. He ji
had adverted to the circumstanccs under which the
15 [20] per cent, had been restored to the National
! Intelligencer in 1842, and he found from the Jour-
nal that the gentleman from Kentucky himself had
absolutely voted for the restoration. He had the
Journal before him to establish the fact. The gen-
tleman had told them of the enormous profits
made in the printing of the Census and the Com-
pendium of the Census, and that seventy odd thou-
sand dollars might have been saved in that instance
by the plan which he now proposed. If that job
was so profitable, why was it found necessary to
■ add 15 [20] per cent, to the compensation of the
[ printers of the House, as established by law?
j The gentleman had said it was in vain to expect
! impartiality and candor from the public press as
! long as they were under the patronage of the Gov-
1 eminent. Mr. B. hoped the press of this country
I was not as corrupt as the gentleman seemed to
I suppose. He believed the gentlemen in this eoun-
j try usually connected with the press were as intel-
; lectual, and, 111 his humble opinion, as honest, as
; other politicians; and he did not see in the public
' press of the country evidence of that corruption
which the gentleman had attributed to it. How
had the gentleman come to that conclusion? He
knew of but two presses now in existence which
had been extensively connected with the public
printing. One of these was the National intelli-
gencer. He believed that establishment had en-
joyed the public patronage for twenty years; and
he asked the gentleman if he had come to his con-
clusion of the corrupting influence of the public
patronage from the course of that press. He knew
that press was conducted with ability, very gieat
| ability, and he believed with as much fairness as
[ characterized most of the political presses of the
! country. As to the other press to which he had
; alluded, he should say nothing. He would leave
; that to be passed upon by others, not biased by
political paitialuy, as he admitted he was. He
should say nothing of the character of the indi-
viduals for whom it might perhaps be known it
was his intention to vote. But, said Mr. B., I can
speak of one of them with the confidence derived
from an intimate personal knowledge of him from
my youth; and I can say this Government has not
patronage enough to corrupt his political integrity.
The connexion of the public printing with the
press is calculated, I admit, in corrupt times and
111 corrupt nations, to warp its course. But in this
country I have not seen that this has been its effect
heretofore. If the gentleman has seen it upon that
one which has so long enjoyed the Government
patronage, 1 leave it for him to declare.
Mr. B. further argued that, under this plan, if
adopted at the present time, there could not be a
fair competition, as they could not allow all the
printing of Congress to be delayed until the mat-
ter was made known in Boston, New York, and
elsewhere. At the last session of Congress, when
the press which executed the public printing was
favorable to the political majority 111 this House,
that majority did reduce the rate of compensation,
but they did not follow the example set by their
predecessors, in first making a reduction, and af-
terwards restoring it—as, according to the gentle-
man's own argument, there was no necessity what-
ever for restoring it, except as a gratuity to politi-
cal favoiites. He hoped the House would vote
down the proposition of the gentleman from Ken- *
tucky, and that they would go on and make the
necessary arrangements for the immediate execu-
tion of the work which was pressing on them. If
this House were prepared to take the necessary
steps towards letting out the printing, by passing
a law, by advertising through their proper officer
for proposals, by giving sufficient notice, and open-
ing a fair competition, he was not prepared to say
he would not go with them; but he did not think
this House was required, for the sake of the paltry
pecuniary advantage which the gentleman argued
it would effect, to suffer the inconveniencc and de-
triment to the public interest of the delay which
would be inevitable were this proposition to be
adopted.
Mr. B. having concluded,
^ Mr. DAVIS called for the reading of the resolu-
tion and amendment; they were read accordingly.
He also sent up, to be read at the Clerk's table,
a pamphlet, purporting to be an offer, 011 the part
of some individual or individuals, to execute the
printing of Congress at 25 or 33| per cent, reduc-
tion from the present rates.
