16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. 3,
tlie fittest, at all men to fill the presidential chair?
The same veteran editor, whose praises the gen-
tleman sang in such exalted strains. Yes, after
openly denouncing the sub-Treasury as the moat
dangerous of all measures, he turned about and
praised itas the only constitutional depository for
the public money. Asto the gentleman's private
aim personal character, and his deportment in
domestic life, Mr. Davis had never heard aught
agamsf it; hut as a politician and the editor of a
leading and influential public journal he was the
blindest worshiper of power, the most abject,
sycophantic, supple tool that ever fattened on the
patronage of a party. And never was there a
moreslrikmg, living illustration of the coriupting
effects of such pattonage on the public press.
This evil Mr. Davis sought to remedy by let-
ting out. the public printing to the lowest bidder.
So far as this plan had been tried it had purified
to some extent the press of the country, besides
saving- thousands to the Government. What for-
bade the adoplion of such a measure? We did
not want a politician for our Printer. Congress
wanted a practical mechanic, skillful and trust-
worthy, who would do the work with accuracy
and dispatch,and for a reasonable compensation.
They did not want a " veteran editor," whether
of high or of low degree. They did not want a
partisan to stimulate his party venom by paying
for bitterness and falsehood.
And then, as to the saving of public money
which would result from the adoption of his
amendment, Mr. Davis had in his hand the offer
of practical printers to do the work on terms much
lower than those now allowed. [Mr. Davis here
read a pihitcd proposal from Jefferson & Co.,
ofteting, if rightly heard, to do the printing at a
reduction of twenty per cent, below the price now
allowed by law.]
Mr. Davis here wentintoacalculationastothe
profit that would result to the editor of the Union
should he obtain the printing of the executive
message only, with the accompanying documents.
He cited the number of copies ordered by each
House, and went on to show that from one House
In. would derive a piofit of $20,000, and from the
oilier of p4,000, giving; him the net sum of
f>:!4,()00 profit on the printing of a single docu-
ment. Applying the offer of these printers to the
.same work he calculated the saving on the mes-
sage to be §14,400 to the Treasury. Now, the
gentleman professed Democracy; oh, yes, he went
lor an economical administration of the Govern-
ment. He was for purifying the public press by
divoicing it from governmental patronage. Well,
and how did he prove it? Was it by bringin^all
the way from Richmond a " veteran editor/' and
letting him on the first go-off run his arm into
the public Treasury up to the shoulder in execu-
ting Ins first job of printing? The gentleman did
himself admit before this House that such patron-
age did in some degree prostitute the public press,
and he wished to avoid so great an evil. How
did he show it? The press was like religion;
neither could be preserved pure if once the Gov-
ernment extended the polluted and polluting
mantle of its patronage over it. Both must be left
uncoiitaminated and distinct from all Government
action to the spontaneous action of the people.
Mr. Daus's proposition went at least one step
tnwaiil attaining such a state of things. Why
did the gentleman oppose it?
tie would offer the gentleman his choice be-
tween the two systems. If he would vote for this
amenunientnow, Mr. Davis would then offer liim
two puictical printers, haid-fisted operatives, hon-
competent, skillful, and respectable, who
would do the work for §20,000 less than his friend
He challenged h im to stand up in his place, with
sucn a proposal openly made in the face of the
coiimiy, and electa political editor to dothe same
work at a higher price. Let the people be wa-
nes.-I his choice. He told the gentleman that
such profligate and undisguised exttavagance
would wake the nation up; and when once that
lion waked wo to him and wo to the trust that
people had put in his hands.
This was Mr. Davis's piincipie in the matter; I
pay the public officer a fair price, and let us have as !
little of the spoils pnncipleas possible. Some in- j
ti usioii of siich a principle was inevitable; butlet !
us cut It off wheiever it could be reached. The j
pi.'iii v o! tin- Government demanded this, the m- I
tetests ol the people (It mantled it. He put it to I
the £" !lcnuin to .say whetlici this work could !
not be done cheaper than it would be if given to |
his friend of the Union? It could; and no man '
could wink so hard as to shut his eyes to the
fact. The gentleman claimed to be a purist; so
did Mr. Davis. Show him a corruption that
could be reached and reformed, and if he then
stood back and refused to come up to the help of
the gentleman he might then brand him with in-
consistency. This was the principle he had
stood up for in 1839. He found the marshals,
the custom-house officers, the district attorneys,
the PostmasterGeneral, and a host more of public
officers, receiving emoluments of the most enor-
mous magnitude. His friends and himself, so
soon as they had the power, reformed the abuse
and limited the compensation; yet the gentleman
from Virginia imputed to him an inconsistent
course, though for all these reforms he had uni-
formly given his vote. If the measure he now
proposed was defective and inefficient, why did
not the gentleman come up to his own principles,
and aid him by rendering it effective and com-
plete? He invited him to do so.
If, however, his own proposition should fail,
here was a proposal for which he should vote.
[Mr. Davis here read the offer of Jesse E. Dow
& Co. to do the printing at a reduction of forty
per cent, below the rates established by the law
of 1819, and twenty per cent, below those estab-
lished by the law of last session.]
Now, said Mr. Davis, what will you do?
Will you still elect the editor of the Union, and
give him from twenty-five to fifty thousand do!- !
lars profit on a single job? What do these hum- '
ble practical mechanic printers tell you ? That
they can, oven at the rate they offer, make more I
money by the public printing in a single session i
than in ten years' haid labor as journeymen. ■
Now, gentlemen Democrats, what say you ? j
Will you, before this American people, vote to j
give the editorof the Union more money in one !
single session of Congress than ten years' hard j
earnings of one of the laboring people? Will '
you? If you do, you may indeed call yourselves :
Democrats, but be assured the country never i
will. :
Mr. Davis, in conclusion, offered the modifi- i
cation oflns amendment which he had indicated. I
Mr. BAYLY had regretted yesterday the ad- '
journment of this debate. He thought the prop- i
osition of the gentleman from Kentucky was a
simple one, understood by all the members of
this House, and was anxious to save the time of
Congress by a speedy decision of it. But since
he had heard the speech of the honorable gentle-
man he rejoiced that the argument had taken
place. He was glad the gentleman had afforded
to him the opportunity of inquiring into his [Mr.
Bayly's] humble political history, and of venting
the spleen of his wrath upon the editor of the
Richmond Enquirer, who seemed to be particu-
larly obnoxious to Kentucky politicians of the
gentleman's school. But before lie addressed
himself to a reply to the remarks of the gentleman
personal to himself, and before he said a word in
vindication of a gentleman he [Mr. Bayly] was
proud to call his friend, notwithstanding the gen-
tleman's bitter denunciations of him, he desired
to addiess himself more particularly to the busi-
ness before the House. He had hoped that a
gentleman of the parliamentary- experience and
understanding of the gentleman from Kentucky
would have found it in good taste to confine him-
self to the discussion of the resolution, and not 1
to have wandered over so wide a field, and not to
have edified the House with what he supposed
was a portion of some one of the very effective
stump speeches of the gentleman in Kentucky
He had stated yesterday that he was not pre-
pared to disapprove the end the gentleman aimed
at tn his resolution, but that he objected to the im-
pracncaole manner in which the gentleman pro-
posed fo attain it. Propositions of this sort, popu-
lar and proper propositions, were very often made
with one of two purposes in view: one was with
the wish and expectation that they should be suc-
cessful. When that was done a practicable mode
u t0 b0 adoPted> which he should
undo take to show was notthecase in the present
ZVvlT"' Sa"?* P'"0P0sit">ns, proper in them-
selves, were made, but under such circumstances
as foioade their supportat the time when brought
■ or ward, and were made with the design to throw
polltical <i<hum upon others. He should attempt
to show that this must have been the motive
of the gentleman. He had stated yesterday that
in his humble opinion the proper mode of re-
form, if reform was needed, was to elect a Printer
undefSthe law as it exists at present, when they
had not time to enter into details and to arrange
a better system. Hereafter party passion would
not be so much concerned as it was at present,
and they might then, on duly maturing it, adopt
such a plan as would obviate any well-founded
objections the gentleman had brought against the
present system. That was the plan he now pro-
posed, and yet the gentleman from Kentucky
complained that he [Mr. Bayly] objected to his
position, (which he approved in the abstract,)
and yet that he proposed no other mode to attain
the end desired. He had in his hand a resolu-
tion which he would offer to the House before be
took his seat which would offer a practical and
effective mode of effecting his object.
But he took another ground in reference to this
matter. He maintained that they couid not pro-
vide for the public printing at this time in the man-
lier proposed by the gentleman from Kentucky.
The law of 1819, which is unrepealed, which is
the law of the land; which one House of Con-
gress cannot repeal; which both Houses of Con-
gress cannot lepeat without the approbation of
I the President, requires that the Public Printer
| shall be elected, and receive an adequate com-
pensation for the work executed by him. Until
that law is repealed that House had no alterna-
tive left it but to proceed to the election. Did
the gentleman mean to propose a jointresoiution
to repeal the law? That, certainly, is not the
manner in which he presents his motion. He,
[Mr. Batly,] in the view he had just taken of the
question, pieserited no new idea. In 1837, when
a Democratic member proposed a plan somewhat
similar to that now submitted by the gentleman
from Kentucky, the whole Whig party in Cnn-
git-ss, without a solitary exception, as'fmr as he
knew their politics, (the gentleman who haw so
long headed the list of Wh sg members oeiog
found at the very end of the list,) voted against
the proposition—a proposition almost in terms
identical with that now offered by the gen.I. iivm
from Kentucky. On that occasion fulisi1ii°-mshe<J
gentleman from Sew Yoik (Mi. Ogdeu Huffman)
took the position which he [Mr. Bayly] now
maintained, that till the law in question was re-
pealed such a proposition couid not be entertained.
He took the ground no w. lie insisted on the ex-
ecution of the law as it is. His resolution pro-
posed to effect the election of a Public, Printer in
the manner prescribed by the law. Brfoi.- h.--
coneluded he would proposea modification of his
resolution, providing for the raising of a commit-
tee to inquire whether any change w expedient,
, and if so, what change should be made in the
I mode of executing the public printing. He bed
| but one additional remark to make in reference
to so much of the honorable gentleman's ar-u-
I merit as was pertinent to the subject before The
House. The gentleman had fuid 'ibt rri that there
was a proposition fiom one establishment to da iiie
printing for twenty per cent, less than was eUr-'ed
under the mode now prescribed by law; but The
fact was that that proposition really amounted to
r°>/edAice tl,e cost only iire pi.r
That he [Air Bayly] would show in a moment.
He took bo tdy theground that these propositions
had been thrown in, not with a ^iew to an eco-
nomical expenditure of the public money, but to
emoarrass it possible the Democratic paity.an.l
o afford an opportunity of assault on the partof
anv fm-Mema" "'°'f llen,tucky- Before he made
any futther remark on that view of the question
he woulu advert to what the practical ,iLn°a
proposed by the gentleman really amounted to.
Ihe proposition for the printing submitted to the
SniwPo7l^iqt t0 redrce thcV'^ flowed bv
me law of 1619 twenty-hve percent Ru  that
Iktll yiie|n twenty per cent. So
amonnte l t,le(. l'ractica' reduction prouosed
™!|™, ! ,l° J,usl flve per cent. But he had a re-
"entef ! iSdosurYu raake M !be House in ref-
sitim, fi i ° F"U™e  wl>° made that prepo-
i! a h^T,, 6, oa'reaf^reftrreJ ><> ,he that
<- ht 1 wenty-bfcventhCongress the uueofcom-
!| costbaor°|} ^ l'fUeed £weTu>r Per cent, on Use
'' befV.ro fh ?' f "f Previously charged. But
« e"> f Ehe sesslR" Gah-s & Sc-atcm,
'! Invo thc work, came in and asked to
'• : c former ratcH restored; and—would tU
■ ohetu believe u—the testimony produc-d to mis-
