18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 3,
of panegyric, had pronounced such allowing eu-
logy. But as to the attack of the gentleman from
Kentucky upon Mr. Ritchie, by going back to re-
marks made years ago with reference to General
Jackson,and which have so often been presented
to the country, it was only fitted to excite a smile.
These poisoned arrows, which have so uniformly
failed to reach their object, will be equally harm-
less now. There is nothing in the arm of the
archer who now undertakes to direct their course
which can excite in the minds of any the slightest
hope that they will receive a force which they
never had when pointed by abler men.
The gentleman from ICcntucky insisted that he
wished to defeat his purpose of economizing the
expenditure for the public printing. It was not so.
He (Mr. B.) desired to fulfill the law as it stood,
and provide for the execution of the printingatSO
per cent, less than the rates charged by Gales &
Seaton, but at the same time to raise a committee
whose duty it would be to examine the whole
subject and recommend sucli reforms as may be
found necessary. But he was notwillingtoaban-
don a system which had prevailed since the foun-
dation of the Government in the crude and hasty
mode proposed by thegentleman from Kentucky.
They must have all the details. They must have
a deliberate investigation of the subject. And
when they felt it to be their duty to reform these
old practices of the Government, let it be done
cautiouslyandcalmly—in the nghtspirit,and not
for mere party purposes. He had no desire to
prevent a full examination of the subject—no de-
sire to prevent reform, if reform were necessary.
He wished to have the whole matter placed, if
possible, on a better basis, and one on which it
could in future rest. He therefore proposed to
modify the amendment offered by him yesterday;
and, for the information of the House, he would
ask it to be read by the Clerk.
The amendment was read.
Mr. BAYLY then proposed the following as an
additional resolution:
Resolved, further, That a select committee of
five be appointed, to which the whole subject of
the printing for the two Houses of Congress shall
be referred; and that said committee be instructed
to inquire whether any, and what, change can be
made in the present mode of executing the same—
particularly whether it would be better to let it to
the lowest bidder, or have it done by a press es-
tablished and owned by the Government; and, if
not, whether the price, as fixed by lav/, can be
reduced.
Mr. B. proceeded to say, that the two resolu-
tions were before them, and it was for the House
to say which of the two was submitted in good
faith. He proposed to introduce the law as it was,
to allow the public printing to go on, and, in the
mean time, appoint a committee to examine the
whole subject, and report to this House on the
subject, so as to put the printing on a proper foot-
ing. That was his plan—a feasible and practicable
plan; not like that of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. What was that? To advertise the print-
ing for twenty days; to let it to the lowest bidder
—to any one that would take it. Who, under his
resolution, was to make stipulations for the man-
ner in which the work should be done? Wiio
were to draw up the contract and specifications?
Were these so unimportant that they were to be
delegated to others by the House? What kind of
work was to be done, the resolution of thegentle-
man did not specify. Is the House to say that
the object should be to give it to the lowest bid-
der? Did they know enough of printing to say how
it should be disposed of? For his part, he wanted
information on that poinr. He wished to give it
to, a practical printer; and if there was found a
better plan, lie could assure the honorable gentle-
man, notwithstanding the opinion he held of his
being a partisan, that he would find him (Mr. B.)
fighting shoulder to shoulder with him. But he
hoped the House was not prepared to adopt has-
tily any new plan. What was to be done during
the twenty days which must elapse before the
lowest bidder gets the job? Why, the Clerk of
the House, they were told, was to contract for the
performance of the work in the interim. But did
the gentleman not recollect that that plan was
adopted in 1837; and, on the representation of the
Clerk himself, were they not compelled to aban-
don it? ^ The Clerk was unable to get over the ob-
staclcs ill ins way, He svas not here at the time,
but he had good reason for holding those obstacles
to be insurmountable; for scarcely had the plan
been adopted when it was precipitately given up.
He regretted much that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky chose to make that business transaction a
party one; and in order to avoid imitating his
course, he (Mr. B.) had declined, at some sacri-
fice of feeling, all expressions of the kind, know-
ing too much of the effect of political harangues
such as that of the gentleman. He had not
thought fit to canvass the fitness of the eulogy he
pronounced on the administration of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. It had entered into
the records of history. Public opinion was made
up about it. A verdict had been rendered, and the
judgment sto d unreveised; and it was his belief
that, so long as the people of this country valued
their institutions and loved their country it would
be irreversible. Thegentleman from Kentucky
might think it a subject of eulogy; but he could
not follow his example, and would be content to
leave it to posterity, without being influenced by
the post mortem declaration, given with such bad
tasle by the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. McCO-NNELL movld the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BRODHEAD desired to have read the
following provision of the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill of the last session; [but the
reading was objected to:]
"And all congressional printing executed un-
der an order from either House made after the
4th of March, 1845, shall be paid for at prices
twenty per centum less than those fixed in the
joint resolution of 3d March, 1819."
The question on the demand for the previous
question was then taken,and there was a second.
And the main question (being first on the mod-
ified amendment of Mr. G. Davis, and then on
the resolution of Mr. Bayly) was ordered to be
now taken.
Mr. SCHENCK asked the yeas and nays on
the amendment, which were ordered.
The SPEAKER, in reply to a question from
Mr. Houston, explained that the amendment of
Mr. Davis was intended as a substitute for the
first resolution of Mr. Bayly.
The question on the amendment was then taken,
and decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q,. Adams, Ar-
nold, Ashmun,Baker, Barringer, Bell,Blanchard,
Milton Brown, BufHngton, Burt, Cabell, William
W.Campbell, John H. Campbell, John <3. Chap-
man, Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, Crozier, Cul-
ver, Darragh,G. Davis, Delano, Dixon, Dockery,
Ewing, Foot, Gentry, Giddings, Graham, Grider,
Grinnell, Hampton, Harper, Herrick, Hilliard,
Elias B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D.
Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, James B.
Hunt, Daniel P. King, Thomas Butler King,
Lewis, Levin, Long, McGaughey, McHenry,
Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller, Moseley, Pendleton,
Pollock, Ramsey, Julius Rockwell, John A.
Rockwell, Root, Runk, Schenck,Seaman,Seve-
rance, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Stewart, Strolim, Thibodeaux, Thomas-
son, Benjamin Thompson, Tilden, Toombs^H,
Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, Wheatcn, White,
Wright, and Young—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson,
Atkinson, Bayly, Bedinger, Biggs, James Black,
James A. Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Brodhead, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Cathcart, Augustus A. Chapman,
Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke,
Cobb, Colin, Constable, Cuilum, Cummins, Cun-
ningham, Daniel, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin,
Douglass, Dunlap, Edsall, Erdman, Faran, Fick-
hn, Foster, Fries, Garvin, Giles, Goodyear,Gor-
don, Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Harmanson,
Henley, Hoge,Hopkins, Hough,G.S. Houston,
E.W.Hubbard, Iiungerford, Hunter, Jenkins,
J. H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew John-
son, G. W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kennedy,
Leake, Leib, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClenn, Mc-
Clernand,McConnell,McCrate, McDowell, Mc-
Kay, John P. Martin, Barclay Martin, Morris,
Morse, Moulton, Niven, Norris, Owen, Parish,
Payne, Perrill, Perry, Pettit, Price, Rathbun,
Reid, Relfe, Ritter, Russell, Sawtelle, Sawyer,
Scammon, Seddon, A. D. Sims, Leonard H.
Simms, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Stanton, Starkweather, St. John,Strong,Sylies,
Taylor, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Tibbatts, Truadway, Wentworth, Wick, Wil-
liams, Wiimot, Wood, Woodward, Wood worth,
Yell, and Yost:—113.
So the modified amendment of Mr. Davis was
rejected.
The question then recurred on Ihe adoption of
the resolutions of Mr. Bayly.
Mr. BARRINGER asked a division of the
question; which was ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK asked the yeas and nays on
the first resolution; which were ordered.
And the question was then taken on the first
resolution, to wit: " that the HousSe do now pro-
ceed to elect a printer to the House of Represent-
atives for the 29th Congress;" and decided as
folio ws;
YEAS—Messrs. John Q.uincy Adams, Stephen
Adams, Anderson, Atkinson, Bayly, Bedinger,
Bell, Benton, Briggs, James Black, J. A. Black,
Bowlin, Boyd, Brinkerboff, Brodhead, W. G.
Brown, Burt, William W. Campbell* John H.
Campbell, Cathcart, Augustus A. Chapman,
Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke,
Cobb, Cocke, Colin, Cranston, Cuitom, Ctira-
mings, Cunningham, Daniel, De Mott, Dilling-
ham, Dobbin, Dunlap, Edsall, Ellsworth, Erd-
man, Faran, Ficklin, Foster, Fries, Garvin, Gen-
try, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Grider, Grover,
Hamlin, Haralson, Harmanson, Henley, Hoge,
I. E. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, G. S. Houston,
E. W. Hubbard, Hungerford, J. B.Hunt,Hun-
ter, Jenkins, J. H. Johnson, J. Johnson, An-
drew Johnson, George W.Jones, Seaborn Jones,
P. King, Lawrence, Leake, Leib, Long, Lump-
kin, Maclay, MeClean, MeClelland, McCler-
nand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay, John
P. Martin, Barclay, Martin, Morris, moulton,
Niven, Norris,Owen, Parish, Payne, Pendleton,
Perrill, Perry, Pettit, Price, Reid, Rhett, Ritter,
Russell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Seddon, A. D. Sims,
L. H. Simms, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robert
Smith, Stanton,Starkweather,St. John,Strong,
Sykes, Taylor, James Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Tibbatts, Tread way, Wentworth, Wheaton,
Wick, Williams, Wiimot, Wood, Woodward,
Woodworth, Yell, and Yost—129.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashmun, Baker, Bar-
ringer, Bianchard, Milton Brown, Buffington,
Cabell, JohnG. Chapman, Crozier, Culver, Dar-
ragli, Garrett Davis, Dixon, Dockery, Ewing,
Foot, Giddings, Graham, Grinnell, Hampton,
Harper, Herrick, Hilliard,Elias B. Holmes^John
W. Houston,S. £>. Hubbard, Hudson,Washing-
ton Hunt, Daniel P. King, T, B. King, Lewis,
McGaughey, McHenry, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Mil-
ler, Moseley, Pollock, Ramsey, Julius Rockwell,
John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Schenck, Sea-
man, Severance, Truman Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Stewart, Strohm, Thomasson, Benjamin Thomp-
son, Tilden, Toombs, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton,
White, Woodruff, Wright, and Young—62.
And so it was decided that the House do now
proceed to the election of a public printer.
The second resolution, submitted this day by
Mr. Bayly, for the appointment of a select com-
mittee to revise the resolution in relation to print-
ing, and to report the prices proper to be allowed,
■«as then agreed to without a division.
ELECTION OF PRINTER.
The SPEAKER announced that the House
would now proceed, in accordance with the order
just passed, to the election of printer.
Mr. McKAY asked and obtained leave to enter
upon the Journal notice ofajoint resolution,which
he should ask leave to introduce, in case the same
printer was elected to both Houses of Congress,
imposing certain alterations in the law now fixing
the compensation of printer.
The SPEAKER announced that nominations
for printer were now in order.
Mr. BAYLY inquired if any other nomination
was necessary, except individually, as the roll
was called. This had been the case on the election
of Speaker.
The SPEAKER replied, that nominations were
usually made; and they were now in order.
Mr. BAYLY nominated Messrs. Ritchie &
Heiss.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, nominated Messrs.
Jefferson & Co.
Mr. FOOT, of Vermont, nominated Messrs.
Fisk & Dow.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, inquired if the
gentleman nominated by thegentleman from Ken-
