1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
The question of responsibility with him is vastly
greater, and more awful in its character. Instead
ofvresponsibility to fifty-four delegated Senators,
he is responsible to twenty millions of the Amer-
can people. And is it not much safer, much, wiser,
to entrust the power to him than to a majority of
the Senators voting by ballot, so that it is not
known how any individual votes, how he dis-
charges his share of the general responsibility?
But the Vice President acts above-board, openly,
and in the face of the world- He could not, there-
fore, see the force of the objections which seem to
have been relied on to defeat his proposition.
What was the occasion, he would ask, of the
adoption of the rule by which the appointment of
the committees was made by the majority? In
some periods of our history, it had not been the
practice of the Vice President to attend regularly.
'Sometimes he did not take the chair until near the
dose of the session. This was probably the rea-
son which induced the Senate to adopt the mode
of appointment by ballot. But it appears from the
Journals, that, prior to 1807, there were no stand-
ing committees. The committees were always
special committees, and appointed on the spur of
Jho occasion,, He was willing to tread in the steps
of our early ancestors; to borrow light from the
wisdom of our forefathers—of those great and
patriotic men who founded our institutions, and
framed the Constitution under which we act. He
tlid not see any sufficient reason why we should de-
part from the practice which prevailed from 1789
£o 1820, when the plurality vote was adopted.
Until then it was not customary for the Senate to
appoint the committees* In 1807, there were but
J wo -standing committees; one was a committee to
examine bills, which was called the Committee on
Engrossed Bills; and the other was a committee
to audit and control the contingcntexpenses of the
Senate. These were the only two committees.
In 1816, the rule for the appointment of certain
standing committees was adopted. It was then
that the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
others, being the principal standing committees
which now exist, were appointed. In 1820, the
rules of the Senate underwent a revision, when
the plurality vote was required. On the 5th of
December, 1823, Mr. James Barbour, of Virginia,
submitted the following resolution, to give the ap-
pointment of the committees to the presiding
officer:
"Resolved? That all committees be appointed by
* the presiding officer of this House, unless special-
* ly ordered otherwise by the Senate."
This was the first radical innovation of the prac-
tice which had existed since the year 1789* origi-
nating- with the Senator from Virginia, and giving,
not to the Vice President, but to the presiding of-
ficer, whoever he might be, the appointment of all
committees. That was adopted on the 9th of De-
cember, 18*23, and read in this way:
"That the 31st rule for conducting business in
the Senate be so amended as to read, 'Ail com-
* mittees shall be appointed by the presiding officer
4 of this House, unless specially ordered otherwise
4 by the Senate.' "
At the time of the adoption of this rule, the
chair was occupied by a President pro tem. On
the 13th of December, 1834, the same rule was
continued, and the committees were appointed in
the same manner. During the Vice Presidency
of Mr. Calhoun, he having exercised this power
of appointment, Mr. Randolph, of Virginia, sub-
mitted a resolution to change the rule, m the fol-
lowing form:
"Resolved, That the 31st rule, as modified De-
4 cember 9th, 1823, be rescinded; and that the said
* rule, as it existed before the said modification, be
4 restored, as the rule for the appointment of com-
15 mittees."
That is, to restore the appointment by the bal-
lot of the Senate. This resolution wo.s adopted
by a nearly unanimous vote—forty Senators voting
for it, and only two against it. Yet, two years
afterwards, exceptions were made to the change;
for, on motion of Mr. King, of Alabama, it was
resolved that the Vice President appoint the selcct
committees. Until the year 18:28, these commit-
tees continued to be appointed by the presiding
oificer. On the 4th of December, 1828, a rule was
adopted, authorizing the President pro tem. to ap-
point the committees, but, in case there should be
no President pro tem., the Senate was to proceed
to the election of the committees by ballot. Pre-
vious to this, in February, lb28, a rule had been
adopted, requiring ail committees to be elected by
ballot. In the standing committee on the
contingent expenses of the benate was appointed
by the presiding officer, the President pro ttuu In
lc#3, on the j.0th of December, a motion was
made by Mr. Sprague, of Maine, to change the
rule which gave tne power of appointing commit-
tees to the presiding officer, so us to maiie the ap-
pointment of committees by ballot. This motion
was m the following form:
" Resolved, That the 34th rule of the Senate shall
4 be so amended as to read and stand as it did prior
4 to tne 24th of December, I
This resolution was adopted by nearly a party
vote—yeas 22, nays 18; and our friends all voted
against taking away the power of appointment
from the presiding oificer. in the Vice Presidency
oi Colonel Richard M. Johnson, he was invested
with the power of appointing ali committees; and
he exeroiscd the power from 1837 to 1841, Prom
1841 to 1845 there was no Vice President, and the
President pro tem. appointed the committees. At
the last session the Piesident was authorized by
the Senate to .tppomtall the corn mi tecs; and, at this
session, by a vote of the Senate, the Vice Piesi-
dent has had the appointment of the select commit-
tee to wait on tiie President, and inform him that
we were ready to proceed to business. This ap-
pointment might have been made by the majority
of the feenate, but itwas given to tne Vice .resi-
dent.
To this recapitulation of the action of the Senate,
during the history of our legislation, he would
merely add, that he could not see any weight m
the objections which had been utged against the
resolution which he had submitted, it was m ac-
cordance with the piacuce oi nil the legislative
bodies of the Union. There was no case within
his knowledge, where this power of appointment
was not vested in the presiding office*. In the
Senate and House of Repicsentatives of cvciy
State in the Union the piesidmg officer had the
power of appointing the oouuniitees. Pic did not
wish to see the existing rule, which required a
diiierent practicc, abolished, nor did his resolution
contemplate the abolishing or rescinding of it. H is
object went no further t!i<m to require its sus-
pension during the present session of Congress.
He thought it would be politic to allow the Vice
President to execute the power; and he had heard
no valid objection which ought to prevent it.
Mr. BENTON said the question submitted was
an important one, and rendered it proper to look
back into the history of our past legislation. His
memory carried linn back some twenty years,and
he would ask leave of the Senate to reler to the
proceedings which had taken plaec, in similar cir-
cumstances, at a former period. He thought it
right that the Senate should have before it what
had taken place on an occasion when this question
had been under debate, and had been decided by
yeas and nays. He then quoted from the remarks
made by Mr. Randolph, when he submitted his
motion m March and April, 1826, to lescmd the
rule of the Senate which gave to the presiding oifi-
cer the appointment of the committees of the
Senate, and the control over the Journal of its pro-
ceedings. He also read the following extiacts
from tne proceedings of the Senate of the 17th of
March, ]826:
t( On motion of Mr. Randolph, the Senate then
4 proceeded to consider the motion submitted by
' ium to rescind the two rules of the Senate which
4 place^ the power of appointing the committees,
' and the supervision of the Journal, with the pre-
4 siding officer.
•'A debate of two hours'duration took place on
4 this motion, in which Mr. Randolph spoke re-
4 peatedly in support of the expediency and con-
4 stitutional necessity of the proposed change in
4 the rules, or, rather,their restoration to what they
4 had been, and in explanation of his "views m
4 regard to Parliamentary forms—of the rights and
4 duties of presiding officers and members of legis-
* lative bodies—especially of those of the Senate
4 of the United States; and contending, amongst
' other positions, that it is not the duty nor the
4 right of the President of the Senate to call a mem-
4 ber to order, until the call be made by a member,
4 and an appeal be made to the chair, etc.
u Messrs. Johnson of Kentucky, Holmes, Mills,
4 Van Buren, Eaton, and Hayne, entered also into
£ the debate—chiefly in explanation of the consid-
4 erations that Jed the Senate to make the exist-
ing change in its rules; their experience of the
4 effects of the change, and their views of its pro-
* pnety or impropriety; the comparative merits of
4 the two modes of appointing committees, <Scc.
44 [As the debate at large has not been reported,
4 it is proper to state that all the gentlemen who
4 favored the present motion, as well as the one
4 who opposed it, disclaimed the remotest inten-
4 tion to impute to the Vice President an improper
' cxercise of the duties devolved on him by the
4 rules. The change was supported on the -score
' of its abstract propriety; and that the Chair
4 might not be impugned by the procedure, Mr.
4 Holmes took occasion to express his satisfac-
4 tion that the motion had proceeded from an inti-
4 mate personal friend of the Vice President,
4 which itself would contradict the presumption
4 that any conduct of that officer had induced the
' proposition.]"
46 A division of the question being demanded, it
4 was first put on taking the appointment of com-
' mittees from the hands of the President of the
4 Senate, and restoring it to the Senate itself, and
' was decided in the affirmative, by yeas and nays,
4 as follows:
44 Yeas—Messrs, Barton, Bell, Benton, Branch,
4 Chambers, Chandler, Chase, Clayton, Cobb,
4 Dickerson,Edwards,Findlay, Harrison, Harper,
4 Hayne, Hendricks, Holmes, Johnson of Iven-
4 tucky, J ohnston of Louisiana, Kane, King, Lloyd*,
4 Macon, Marks. Mills. Noble, Randolph, Reed,
4 Bobbins, Rowan, Sandford, Seymour, Smith,
' Tazewell, Thomas, Van Burcn, White, Willcy,
4 Wilhams, and Woodbury—40.
"Nays—Messrs. Eaton and Ruggles,
" The question was then U'.ken on the second
' brnneh of >he proposition, viz: 4 To tnke from
4 the President of the Senate the cor.troi over the
4 Journal of proceedings;''and wjs ak'o carried, by
4 the following vote:
44 Yeas.—Messrs. Barton, Bell.,, Branch. Chand-
4 lor. Chase, Dickerson, Edwards,Finluy, Harper,
k Harmon, Haynes^ Hendricks, Holmes, Johnson
4 of Kentucky, Johnston of Louisiana, Kane,
4 King, Lloyci, Macon, Marks, Mills, Noble,
4 Randolph, Robbins, Sandford, Seymour, Smith,
' Tazewell, Thomas, Van Buren, White, Willey,
4 Williams, and Woodbury—35.
44 Nay1?.—Messrs. Chambers, Clayton, Cobb,
4 Eaton, Rowan, and Ruggles—G.
44 The resolution having been agreed to,
44 The Vice President rose, and said he trusted
4 that the Senate would indulge him in making a
4 few observations before he resumed his seat, as
4 the debate on the subject just decided had rela-
4 tion necessarily to the duties of the chair. No
4 one (said the Vice President) can be more deeply
4 impressed than myself with the great truth, that
4 the preservation of rights depends mainly on their
4 exercise, That nation deserved to conquer the
4 world which called its army excrcitiis; and so will
4 the nation deserve that its liberty shall be iimnor-
4 tab which lays the foundation of its system of
4 government on the great principles that no power
4 ought to be delegated which can be fairly exer-
4 cised by the constituent body, and that none ought
4 ever to be delegated but to responsible agents.
4 These have been my maxims through the whole
4 of my political life; and I should be inconsistent
4 with myseif if [ did not c,ise rny entiie assent to
4 the principles upon which the rules in question
4 have been recinclcd."
I have thought it right (said Mr. Bent ok) to
bring forward these facts, for the information of
the Senate. Believing the views which were
thrown out by Mr. Randolph on the occasion to
which the extracts 1 have read refer, as well as the
precedent then set, to be entirely correct. I shall
vote against the resolution.
Mr. MAJNGUM moved that the question on
the resolution be taken by yeas and nays; and a
sufficient number of Senators sustaining the call,
it was so oidered.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the resolution, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Athrr-
ton, Breese, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers, Colquitt,
Dix, Fairfield, Jenness, Levy, Lewis, Nilcs, Scra-
pie, Sevier, Speight, Sturgeon, and Turncy—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer. P/agby, Benton, Thos.
Clayton, Corwm, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton,
Evans, Greene, Haywood, Jarnagm, Johnson of
Maryland, Johnson of LomsianarMangum, Mil-
