22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lei'i Pearce, Phelps, Simmons, TJpham, and West-
cott—21.
The resolution was therefore rejected.
Mr. MANGUM moved that on Monday next
the Senate proceed to the election of the standing
committees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS gave notice that, on Monday, tie
should ask leave to introduce a joint resolution
and two bills.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Speight, was taken up, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
cause to be communicated to the Senate, at as
early a day as practicable, such information as he
may possess, or may speedily obtain, with respect
to the practicability and utility of a fort or forts
on Ship Island, on the coast of the Mississippi,
with a view to the protection of said coast.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, which, without being read, was
ordered to lie on the table.
On motion of Mr. DAYTON,
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it
adjourn to meet on Monday.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 4, 1845.
The Journal of yesterday was read; and, after
having undergone, on motion of Mr. G. Davis,
an amendment in ceitain particulars, not affecting
the report given in this paper, was approved. °
Mr. Allen G. Thukman, membei elect from
the State of Ohio, appeared, was qualified, and
took Jus seat.
PUBLIC POINTING.
The following members were announced as
composing the select committee, heretofore or-
dered to be appointed, on the Public Printm—
Mr. Bayly of Virgin,a, Mr. G. Davis of Ken-
tucky, Mr. McKay ofNorth Carolina, Mr Hoce
of Illinois,^and Mr. Benton of New York.
I he.SPEAKERanriounced the unfinished busi-
ness before the House to be the resolution of the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] with refer-
ence to the seats of the members of the House.
Mr. GILES asked leave to offer a resolution,
which, by consent, was read for information, and
winch provided for the printing, as soon as possi-
ble, of 5,000 of the 20,000 copies ordered of the
President's message, with the documents relating*
to Xexas and iVIexico; and also for the printing
of the usual number of the report of the Secretar?
ot Ireasury. '
Before any action had been taken on this sub-
ject,
^AYLY rose, and said he found his name
upon the Committee on thePiintingofthe House
announced this morning. It was a subject on
which he was profoundly ignorant, and he'begged
the House to excuse him from service.
The question being taken, the motion was
agreed to; and Mr. Ritter wasappointed by the
opeaker to supply the vacancy.
Mr. GILES now repeated his request to the
House to receive the resolution just read. If the
House would indulge him five minutes, he would
give them the reasons which induced him tooffer
it at this stage of the proceedings.
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman that
the resolution could only be received by the unan-
imous consent of the House, as there was a ques-
tion which took precedence, being upon the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. GILES trusted there would be no objection
made on the part of any gentleman
Mr. McCONNELL rose, and objected to the
leception of the resolution. He objected to any
business out of order.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. TIBBATTS asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the several standingcommittees
be now appointed, except the Committee on En-
get vjng.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the im-
pression that, as the resolution relates to the or-
ganization of the House, it will take precedence
of the resolution of the gentleman from Georgia.
The resolution of Mr. Tibbatts thus being
before the House,
Mr. HOPKINS suggested to the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Tibbatts] the propriety of modi-
fying his resolution so as to omit that portion of
the resolution which related to the Committee on
Engraving. Every gentleman was in favor of the
former pait of the resolution, which provided for
the appointment of the committees of the House
at this time. But as to the latter portion, there
might be different opinions; and he thought the
subject should be referred to the future determina-
tion of the House.
Mr. TIBBATTS was willing, he said, so to
modify the resolution as not to proceed now to
the appointment of a Committee on Engraving.
Mr. HOPKINS. We had betterpass the usual
general order on the subject now, because we shall
probably adjourn over until Monday, with a view
to give the Speaker an opportunity of appointing
the committees.
Mr. TIBBATTS yielded to the suggestion, and
he modified his resolution so as to leave out that
portion which related to the Committee on En-
graving. And the resolution, as thus modified,
was adopted.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN, it was
Ordered, That when the House adjourns to-day,
it adjourn to meet on Monday next, that in the
mean time the Speaker may have an opportunity
to appoint the standing committees.
Mr. OWEN inquired of the Speaker if it was
now in order to give notice of leave to introduce
a bill ?
The SPEAKAR said the first business in order
was the resolution heretofoie ofieied by the gen-
tleman from Geoj-gia, [Mr. Cobb,] in relation to
the
ALLOTMENT OF SEATS.
Mr. POLLOCK rose to offer a resolution, which
he desired might be read for information.
Mr. COBB objected, and demanded the orders ;
of the day. I
Whereupon, the House resumed tlieconsidera-
tion of the following resolution, offered by air.
Cobb on the 2d instant:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House, imme-
diately after the passage of this resolution, place
in a box the name of each member of tile House
of Representatives upon a separate piece of pa-
per, and that he then proceed, in the presence of
the House, to draw from said box, one at a time,
the said pieces of paper, and as each is drawn he
shall announce the name of the member upon it
who shall then choose his seat for the present
session.
Mr. DODGE requested thegentleman to mod-
ify the resolution so as also to include the dele-
gates from the Territories.
Mr. COBB, remarking that this was his inten-
tion, readily acceded to the request; and the reso-
lution was modified accordingly.
Mi. BRODHE AD demanded theprevious ques-
tion on the resolution.
Mr. G1DDINGS called for tellers on the demand
tor the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and the vote bein  taken
the demand was seconded. ° '
And the main question (being on the adoption
or the resolution) was ordered to be now takeft
iVIr. WOODWARD inquired of LheSpeukerif
amPtidmfMifs were now in order.
1 he SPEAKER. replied in the negative
Mr. McDOWELL wished to submit a few re-
marks, as he believed he could do so in accord-
ance with the rule, showing what had been the
practice of the House in this matter.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
The SPEAKER, in reply to Mr. McDowell,
stated thatafterthc question had been propounded
to the House, the demand for the previous ques-
tion seconded, and the main question ordered, it
would not be in order for thegentleman to debate
the question.
j^c^-®OWELL appealed from the decision
ot the Chair, but on a more distinct understand-
ing of the decision, acquiesced in it and withdrew
Ins appeal.
Mr. PETT1T asked for the yeas and nays on
the resolution, which were ordered.
Mr. GENTRY rose to a point of order. He
thought if the House should proceed to vote on
the question now before it, it would subject itself
to the necessity of violating one of itsown roles;
and lie called the attention of the Speaker to the
rule, to decide whether or not this .House was
competent to settle this question for itself. It
might be within its competency, to settle it pros-
pectively; but he raised the question whether to
settle it for themselves would not be in violation
of the 40thrule, which prescribed that "nomem-
ber shall vote on any question in the event of
which he is immediately and particularly inter-
ested." [Laughter.] Now, he held it to be a clear
case, that every gentleman here wag "immedi-
ately and particularly"iiiteresled,and could not,
therefore, vote on the question without a direct
and palpable violation of the rates of the House,
[Renewed laughter.]
The SPEAKER. In the matter of the rules,
they aie as strictly applicable to a member in his
representative as in his individual capacity, and
the Chair, therefore, thinks that the point of order
raised by the gentleman cannot be sustained.
Mr. GENTRY. I acquiesce.
Mr. MeDOWELLrose toapointof order. He
maintained that there was another objection to
this mode of procedure, inasmuch as it interfered
with rights already vested; it contemplated an ex
post facto, and, therefore, an unconstitutional pro-
vision. [Laughter.] In support of this view, he
referred to the parliamentary law as laid down in
Sutherland's Manual, from which the Clerk read
an extract prescribing the mode, long practiced,
of individual selection of seats not taken, to be
indicated by taking the key, and entering the name
of the member on the desk.
The SPEAKER remarked that it would un-
doubtedly be within the power of the House to
take the proposed action, in case a majority deter-
mined to do so.
Mr. T. B. KING called for the reading of the
rule of the House upon this subject.
The SPEAKER replied that there was no rule
regulating the matter.
Mr. HUNGERFORD renewed his motion t&
lay on the table.
Mr. COBB asked the yeas and nays oh this
motion; which were ordered.
And the question was then taken, and decided
in the negative, as follows:
"fcEAS—Messrs. John Q.. Adams, Anderson,
Bayly, Bedinger, James Black, James A. Black,
Blanchard, Bowlin, Brinkerhoff, Brodliead, Ca-
bell, W. W.Campbell, John H. Campbell, Col-
lamer, Constable, Cranston, Culver, De Mott,
jJilungham, Dixon, Douglass, Erdman, PickHn,
Gentry, Giddings, Gordon, Graham, Grinnell,
Hamlin, Hoge, Hopkins, John W. Houston,
Jidmond W. Hubard, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hud-
son, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Hunter, T. B
King, Lawrence, Leib, Lumpkin, Maclay, Mc-
Clean, McClernand, McConnell, MeCrate, Mc-
Dowell, McGaughey, Mcllvaine,Marsh,Miller,
Morris, Morse, Moseley, Moulton, Niven, Nor-
ris.larish,Payne, Pendleton.PerriH.Relfe, John
A. Rockwell, Runk, Sawtelle, Sawyer,Seaman,
beddon , Severance, Truman Smith, Albert Smith,
Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, St. John,
Strohm, Taylor, Thibodeaux, Benjamin Thomp-
son, Thurman, Tilden, Wheaton, White, Wii-
5 Yost- 88
AbboU> Arnold, Ashmun,
Atkmson .Baker, Barnnger, Bell, Benton, Bisrgs
Boyd, Milton Brown, William G. Brown, Buf-
fington, Burt, Cathcart, John G. Chapman,Reu-
Cocl0 C rnan' £i!?,Se' ^man, C'arke, Cobb,
r," Ciozier.Cu"om, Cummins, Cunningham,
Daniel, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dobbin, Dockery,
F,Uieia r EI!swo"1,1> E;v'"S> Famn, Foot, Foster,
HsmnS'H ' ® es> Goodyear, Grider, Grover,
lev H-i ' Wr"' Hi,rma son, Harper, Hen- .
bp Herrick, Hill.ard, Elias B. Holmes, Hough,
Ja'mfs #°rSlon' Washington Hunt, Jenkins,
£ ,xrns?n' J• Johnson. Andrew John-
. Jones,Seaborn Jones, Kennedy,
JJaniel X . King, Preston King, Leake, Lewis,
T^iTni> nS"^. M<LCIelland, McHenry, McKay,
Pollork' p^rtIR Martin, Owen, Perry,Pettit,
RollrJt!,rrr,RTSey'„R?,i<3'R,lett'Rltter.-fuli«a
Rockwell, Roo., Russell,Scammon,Sehenck, A.
L>. kims, Leonard H. Simms, Simpson,Thomas
