THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
the State of Virginia jfor the term of six years
from the fourth of March last; which were read.
Mr. Pennybacker then appearedj was sworn,
and took his seat.
Mr. ARCHER presented the credentials of
John Macpherson Berrien, elected a Senator
from the State of Georgia until the fourth of
March, 1847, to fill the unexpired term of J. M.
Berrien, resigned.
Mr. Berrien then appeared, was sworn,and
took Ids seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Department of
State, inclosing a report of the contingentexpen-
ditures of the Department.
Mr. SEVIER moved to lay the communication
on the table, and print it.
Which motion was agreed to.
-The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
nteacommunicationfroni the War Department, on
the subject of certain transfers of appropriations.
Mr. SEVIER moved to lay the communication
on the table, and print it.
Which motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, with a statement from the Register of the
Treasury, of the commerce and tonnage of the
United States for the year 1845.
Mr. SEVIER moved to lay the communication
on the table, and print it.
Which motion was agreed to.
Mr. STURGEON suggested that, as this was
an important document, and -the motion of the
Senator from Arkansas embraced no extra copies,
and as he believed that it was the practice to have
an extra number of the report printed, it would
be proper to have an extra number supplied for
the use of the Senate. He would therefore desire
to move that an extra number of the document be
printed.
Mr. SEVIER believed there was an existing
rule on the subject, and that an extra number
would supplied without a special motion to
that effect.
Mr. STURGEON then submitted amotion for
the printing of the usual number of extra copies.
Which motion was agreed to.
Mr. DIX stated that it was also the practice to
supply the Department with a number of copies
of this document. He therefore moved that two
hundred and fifty copies be printed for the use of
the Department.
Which motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, inclosing a report of the articles inspected
during the year ending the 30th June, 1845, the
duties on which exceeded thirty-five per cent.
Mr. SEVIER moved to lay the communication
on the table, and print it.
Which motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON rose for the purpose of present-
ing to the Senate a paper from Dr. White, who
occupied the position of Indian agent for the tribes
occupying the Territory of Oregon, west of the
Rocky mountains. This gentleman had, for the
last half dozen years, been employed on that side
of the Rocky mountains; and the paper which he
now desired to present accompanied a petition
from the American citizens inhabiting the Oregon
Territory. These petitioners stated that, for the
preservation of order, they had, among them-
selves, established a provisional and temporary
government, subject lo the ratification of the Uni-
ted States Government. The petition set forth, in
strong and respectful language,arguments why the
citizens residingin that section of country should
be protected for the purpose of preserving their
rights,and also as a means of preserving order.
The memorial was drawn up in a manner credit-
able to the body by which it was presented, to the
talents by which it was dictated,and to the patri-
otic sentiments which pervaded it; and theappli-
cation was worthy ofa favoiable consideration for
its moderation, reasonableness, and justice. As
the best means of spreading the contents of this
petition before the country, and doin,g honor to the
ability and enterprise of those who "had presented
it, he moved that it be read at the bur of the Senate.
lhe petition was then read.
_ Mr. BENTON then moved to print the pe-
tition. r '
Which motion was agreed to.
The memorial is as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of • tiutricii in Congress
assembled:
Your memorialists and petitioners, the represen-
tatives of the people of Oregon, for themselves and
in behalf of tiie citizens of the United States re-
sidingin this Territory, would respectfully submit
to the consideration of your honorable body some
of the grievances under which we labor, and pray
your favorable consideration of our petitions for
their remedies.
Without dilating upon the great importance of
this Territory as an appendage to the Federal
Union, or consuming your valuable time in repeat-
ing to you the oft-repeated account of our agricul-
tural and commercial advantages, we would, with
due deference, submit to your serious considera-
tion our peculiar difficulties as occupants of this
Tenitoiy. As by treaty stipulations between the
Governmentofthe United States andGreatBritain
this Territory has become a kind of neutral ground,
in the occupancy of which the citizens of the Uni-
ted States and the sub jects of Great Britain have
equal rights, and, as your memorialists humbly
conceive, ought to have equal protection: such
being the fact, the population of the Territory,
though promiscuously interspersed, is composed
of the subjects of a crown and the citizens of a
republic between whom no common bond of union
exists.
It may naturally be supposed, in the absence
of any provision having been made by the two
Governments to prevent or settle any such oc-
currence, that conflicting interest, aided by an-
cient prejudices, would speedily lead to results the
mostdisastrous, particularly when itisconsidered
that this mixed population exists in the midst of
numerous and warlike tribes of Indians, to whom
the smallestdissensions among the white inhabit-
ants would be the signal to let loose upon their
defenseless families all the horrors of savage war-
fare.
To prevent a calamity so much to be dreaded,
the well-disposd in habitants of this Territory have
found itabsolutely necessary toestablisha provis-
ional and temporary government, embracing all
free male citizens; and whose executive, legisla-
tive, and judicial powers, should be equal to all the
exigencies that may arise among themselves, not
provided for by the Government to which they
owe allegiance. And we are most happy to in-
form your honorable body, that, with but few" in-
dividual exceptions, the utmost harmony and good
will has been the result of this, as we conceive,
wise and judicious measure; and the British sub-
jects and American citizens vie with each other in
their obedience and respect to the laws, and in
promoting the common good and general welfare
of Oregon.
Although such has been the result, thus far, of
our temporary union of interests—though we, the
citizens of the United States, have had no cause to
complain, either of exactions or oppression at the
hands of the subjects of Great Britain, but, on
the contrary, it is but just to say that their con-
duct toward us has been most friendly, liberal,
and philanthropic; yet we fear a long continuance
of the presentstate of things is not to beexpected
—our temporary government being limited in its
efficiency and crippled in its powers by the para-
mount duty we owe to our respective Govern-
ments—our revenues being inadequate to its sup-
port—and the almost total absence,apart from the
Hudson Bay Company, of the means of defense
againstthe Indians, which recent occurrences lead
us to fear entertain hostile feelings toward the
people of the United States.
Your memorialists would further inform your
honorable body, that while the subjectsof Great
Britain, through the agency of the'Hudson Bay
Company,are amply provided with all the muni-
tions of war, and can afford, by means of their
numerous fortifications,am pie protection for them-
selves and their property, the citizens of the Uni-
ted States are scattered over a wide extentof ter-
ritory, without a single place of refuge; and,
within themselves, are almost entirely destitute
of the means of defense.
Your memorialists would further crave your
indulgence to remark, that Great Britain has, by
extending her criminal code to thiscountry,guar-
antied every British subject, claiming his birth-
right, a legitimate trial by the laws of his country.
We, as ci tizens of the United States,having neither
the militaryproteetioo of our Government, nor the
extension to us of the civil laws of our country,
are foreed to the enactment and execution oflaws
not authorized, and, for what we know, never will
be sanctioned by our Government.
Your memorialists would further call the atten-
tion of your honorable body to the fact, that, as
citizens of the United States, we labor under the
greatest commercial disadvantages; we have nei-
ther ships of war, nor of commerce, nor any nav-
igation of the rivers of the interior; and for want
of adequate protection, no private capitalist among
us can establish a successful competition with a
wealthy and powerful monopoly, possessing alt
the appliances of commerce, and all the influence
over tbe natives by an early establish raentamong
them. We are, therefore, dependent for a mar-
ket for a large and increasing surplus, and for
nearly all our supplies, upon a singte company,
which molds the market under its control.
Your memorialists, with a view to remedylhe
grievances under which they labor, pray the na-
tional Congress to establish a distinct territorial
government, to embrace Oregon and its adjacent
sea-coasts.
We pray for adequate means of protection from
the numerous Indian tribes whieh surround us;
for the purchase of territories which they are
willing to sell; and for agents, with authority to
regulate intercourse between whites and Indians,
and between Indian tribes.
That donations of lands may be made accord-
ing to the inducements held out to us by the pas-
sage of a bill through the United StatesSenate, at
the second session of the 27th Congress, entitled
" A bill to authorize the adoption of measures for
the occupation and settlement of the Territory of
Oregon, for extending certain portions of the laws
of the United States over the same, and for other
purposes."
That navy-yards and marine depots may be es-
tablished on the river Columbia, and upon Pa-
get's sound, and a naval force adequate to our pro-
tection be kept permanently in the ad jacent seas.
That a public mail be established, to arrive and
depart monthly from Oregon City and Indepen-
dence, and such other local mail roates b« estab-
lished as are essential to the Willamette country
and other settlements.
We pray for the establishment of such com-
mercial regulations as may- enable us to trade ia
our own Territory at least on an equality with
non-resident foreigners.
We pray that adequate military protection be
given to emigrants coming to us, either by the
establishment of posts on the route, or by militaay
escort.
And we pray that,in the event you derm itin-
expedient as a measure, or contrary to t&e spirit
of existing treaties, to establish a territorial gov-
ernment in Oregon, that you extend to us adequate
military and naval protection, so as to place us at
least upon a par with other occupants of this coun-
try.
For the granting of which your memorialists
will ever pray.
OSBORN RUSSELL,
PETER G. STEWART,
Executive.
J. W. NESMITH,
Judge of Circuit Court.
Members of the Legislative Committee:
M. M. McConner, Speaker, Jesse Applecate,
Medad G. Foisy W. H. Gray,
John Garrison, Abijah Besd'rtch,
David Hill, HAG Lfp
Barton Lee, John McClure,
Robert JNewell, J. \y. Smith,
Hiram Straight.
Done at Oregon City, 28th June, 1845.
Attest: J. E. LONG, Clerk.
Mr. CAMERON presented several petitions
from citizens of Pennsylvama, against the annex-
ation to the Union of Texas or any other slave
States.
The petitions were laid on the table.
Mr. SPEIGHT said he had not heard (hatany
disposition was made of the petitions iust pre-
sented by the Senator from Pennsylvania. He
desired information on the subject.
Mr. CAMERON said he believed the usual
course before the appointment of the committees
