1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
had been to lay petitions on the table; and lie un-
derstood that those which he had presented had
taken that course;
Mr. ALLEN, as far as he could be heard, said
that thejr would take this course, without any spe-
cific motion.
POSTPONEMENT OF ELECTIONS.
Mr. SEVIER moved that the election of the
standing committees and of the officers of the Sen-
ate be postponed till to-morrow, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. MANGUM regarded tins motion as one
which .could not be sustained without a suspension
of the rule of the Senate, which fixes this day for
the election of officers. The only way to postpone
these elections would be to suspend the rule which
Srovides that they shall take place on the second
londay of the session*
Mr. SEVIER said his object was principally to
accommodate his friends on the other side; and he
certainly had anticipated no objection from tliaf
quarter. The rule, he believed, could not be sus-
pended without giving a day's notice; and such de-
lay was not necessary to effect the object he had in
view. He could, however, obtain his purpose as
well by moving an adjournment; which he would
do, if the objection was persisted in.
Mr. MANGUM had no other objection but that
the motion appeared to him to be a violation of the
rule of the Senate.
Mr. SEVIER said that the subject having been
taken up, it was in the power of the Senate to
postpone till to-morrow.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON called for a division of
the question. The motion was to postpone the
election of the standing committees and the officers
of the Senate. He would move that the quest ion
be taken first on the first bianoli of the motion, ax
he agreed with the Senator from North Carolina
that the rule of the Senate required them to pro-
ceed to-day to the election of officers. He was
willing to postpone the election of the committees'
until the gentlemen on the other side were prepared
to go into it, but he thought it imperative on the
Senate now to proceed to the election of-officors.
Mr. SEVIER thought the postponement would
be to the advantage of the gentlemen 011 the other
side. He had no objection to go on now, and if
they were ready, and determined to press the elec-
tions to-day, be it so.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON was not disposed to
press gentlemen to an election for which they were
not prepared. But the rule, as to the election of
officers, was imperative. He knew not why they
should not procced to this election.
Mr. ALLEN understood the question to be on
the division of the motion. He hoped that all the
elections would be postponed, or none.
Mr. SEVIER moved that the Senate now ad-
journ.
Mr. MANGTJM: One moment. He had no par-
ticular purpose to accomplish by his objection.
He would be happy to go 011 with the elections
to-day, in order to prevent any irregularity in the
proceedings of the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was willing to assent to
any postponement which the gentlemen who had
the control of the matter might deem necessary to
produce harmony among themselves. If there
was a probability that, by any further conferences,
they could bring about that desirable object, he
would cheerfully vote for the postponement of the
election of the committees; but unless there was
sufficient ground for such hope, he would prefer to
go on now. As to the election of the officers, he
would object to a postponement for the same lea-
son which had been given by Senators near him.
The Senate was full, and we ought to go on with
these elections.
Mr. SEVTER renewed his motion, thnt the Sen-
ate do now adjourn; and the question being put, it
was decided in the affirmative—-yeas 25 nays 21.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 8,1845.
The Journal of Thursday was read and approved.
Mr. Jefferson- Davis and Mr. Robert W.
Roberts, members elect from the State of Missis-
sippi, appeared, were qualified, and took their seats.
The standing committees, provided for by the
-rules, and the appointment of which was ordered
on Thursday last, were announced as follows:
Committee of Elections.—Messrs. Hamlin, Au-
gustus A. Chapman, Harper, Chase, Dobbin, Ells-
worth, McGaughey, Chipmaa, and Culver.
Committee of Ways and, Mta-A8.—Messrs. McKay,
Dromgoole, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Hungerford,
G. S. Houston, Winthrop, Norris, Vinton, and
Seaborn Jones.
Committee of Claims,—Messrs. Vance, Daniel,
Hoge, Stephens, Gordon, Pollock, Ligon, Leake,
and John A. Rockwell.
Committee 011 Commerce.—Messrs. McClelland,
Tibbatts, Wentworth, Simpson, Grmnell, Law-
rence, Giles, Levin, and Thibodeaux.
Committee on Public Lauds.—Messrs. McClcr-
nand, Thomas Smith, Collamer, James B. Hunt,
Mosely, Morris, Relfe, Blanchard, and Ashmun.
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.—
Messrs. Hopkins, Kennedy, Reid, Cranston, Mc-
llvamCjThomasson, B. Martin, Ilough, and Hii-
hard.
Committee for the District of Columbia.—Messrs.
Hunter, McDowell, Fickliri, Payne, Maish,Wash-
ington Hunt, J. G. Chapman, A. D. Sims, and
McHenry.
Committee on the Judiciary.—Messrs. Rathbun,
Pettit, Lumpkin, Milton Brown, Buffington, Con-
stable, Thurman, Dixon, and Biggs.
Committee 011 Revolutionary Claims.—Messrs.
Joseph Johnson, Fickhn, D. P. King, St. John,
Gnder, Ewmg, Clarke, Herrick, and Cabell.
Committee on Public Expenditures.—Messrs.
Dunlap, Yost, Cunningham, Russell, Arnold,
Runk, J. W. Houston, J. II. Campbell, and
Lewis.
Committee on Private Land Claims.—Messrs.
Bowhn, Yuvey, Wick, Andrew Johnson, Albert
Smith. Stephen Ad.ims, Morse, f-ong, and
Toombs.
Committee, on Manufactures.—Messrs. John Q,.
Adams, Woodward, Stewart, Hudson, Yancey,
W. G. Brown, Wiimot, James H. Johnson, and
J. P. Martin.
Committee on Jlgriculture.—Messrs. Anderson,
James Black, Wright, Peirill, Gio\er, Dockery,
L. H. Simuis, Erdmau, and Root.
Committee on Indian Affairs.—Messrs. Jacob
Thompson, Benton, Reuben Cnapman, Yell, Foot,
Barringer, Sawyer, Hampton, and Cathcart.
Committee on Military Jjjj'atrs.—Messrs. Haral-
son, Yell, Brmkerhoft, Burt, Ramsey, Niven,
Bedinger, Baker, and B. Thompson.
Committee on the MUilia.—Messrs. J. A. Black,
E. W. Hubard, Abbott, Tiiden, Hitter, Giddings,
De Mott, Eusall, and Samuel D. Hubbard.
Committee on JSt'aval J}jfairs.—Messrs. I. E.
Holmes, Bayly, Maclay, T. B. King, Schenck,
Darragh, Stanton, McCrate, and Woou.
Committee on Foreign JJjfairs.—Messrs. C. J.
Ingersoll, Rhett, Payne, Garrett Davis, Cobb,
Truman Smith, Cullom, C. B. Smith, and Perry.
Committee on Territories.—Messrs. Douglass,
Boyd, Graham, DilJingham,_G. W. Jones, J.
Rockwell, James Thompson, Price, axid Young.
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.—Messis.
Biodhead, Atkinson, Parrish, Seaman, Owen,
Barringer, Jenkins, Hampton, and Toonios.
Committee on Invalid Pensions.—Messis. Pres-
ton King, Starkweather, McCormcll, Bell, Seddon,
Delano, Cocke, Goodyear, and Moulton.
Committee on Roads and Canals.—Messrs. Robert
Smith, Foster, Boyd, Gentry, Pendleton, E. B.
Holmes, Strohm, Williams, and Miller.
Committee on Patents.—Messrs. Henry, Maclay,
Marsh, Sykes, and T. B. Iving.
Co-mmittee on Public Buddings and Grounds.—
Messrs. Fickhn, McClean, Wmthrop, Farran,
and Woodworth.
Committee on Revival and Unfinished Business.—
Messrs. Saw telle, Cummms, Trcadw ay, Whtaton,
and Trumbo.
Committee on Jiccounts.—Messrs. Taylor, D. P.
King, Parian, MeClean, nnd W. W. Campbell.
Committee on Mileage.—Messrs. John P. Mar-
tin, Severance, Henley, McDowell, and James
Thompson.
Committee on Expenditures in the State Depart-
ment.—Messrs. Strong, J. H. Campbell, Crozier,
Edsall, (Did J. H. Johnson.
Committee on Expenditures in the Treasury De-
partmtnt.—Messrs. Seammon, White, E. W.
Hubard, McCrate, and Root.
Committee on Expenditures in the War Depart-
ment.—Messrs. Leib, Y/ oodruff, Crozier, Price,
and J. Rockwell.
Committee on Expenditures in the Navy Depart-
ment.—Messrs. Collin, Fries, Blancliard, Long,
and Moulton.
Committee on Engraving.—Messrs. Yost, Perry,
and Cocke.
The SPEAKER announced that the business
first m order was the resolution offered on Thurs-
day by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Giles,]
in relation to the printing of additional extra copies
of so much of the President's Message and the
accompanying documents as related to Texas and
Oregon, &c., and the amendment pending thereto.
Mr. BRODHEA-D inquired of the Speaker
whether a resolution going to the organization of
the Plouse, did not take precedence.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the gentle-
man from Maryland, having been left before the
House at the tune of its last adjournment, would
now legitimately he the proper business before it.
Mr. WENTWORTH gave notice of leave to
introduce a bid establishing a port of entry at the
city of Chicago.
Mr. BRODH&AD now asked leave to introduce
the resolution which he had indicated, and which
was read for information. [It provides for the ap-
pointment of a Joint Committee on the Fabr^r)'.]
Mr. PAYNE objected, and desired that the reso-
lution pending on Thursday might be taken up.
Mr. BRODHEAD movetlto postpone the orders
of the day, with a view to enable him to introduce
the resolution.
And the question being taken, the motion was
rejected.
So the orders of the day were not postponed.
TZIE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
W! icreupon the House resumed the considera-
tion of tilt; following resolution, offered on Thurs-
day by Mr. Giles.
Re^olvtd, That of the twenty thousand copies of
the President's Message now ordered to he punt-
ed, five thousand thereof, with the documents re-
latmg to Texas and Mexico," be printed as soon
as possible for the use of this House; and, also,
that the usual number of extra copies of the Re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury [on the &tate
of the finances] and accompanying documents, be
printed.
Tins resolution Mr. Payne, of Alabama, bad
heretofore moved to amend, by striking out the
words "usual number " of extra copies, and in-
serting "twenty thousand."
And Mr. Hopkins had moved to amend the
amendment by striking out " twenty thousand,"
<fec., and inserting " ten thousand."
[This being in effect the same proposition as
was contained in the original resolution, the amend-
ment was not before the House as a distinct or for-
mal proposition.]
Tellers were appointed on a demand heretofore
made for the yr\is nnd nays on the amendment,
which were now ordered.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, was pro-
ceeding to appeal to his friends, and especially to
the friends of the tariff, to sustain the demand for
the yeas and nays; when
Objections were mode, on the ground that the
previous question had been moved and .wended.
The SPEAKER stated his impression that, 1 he
previous question had not been demanded, and
therefore debate was in order.
As the result, however, of some further conver-
sation on the question of fact, the Journal of th it
part of Thursday's proceedings was rend, from
which it appeared that the previous question had
been demanded by Mr. Brodhead, and that the
mam question had been ordered.
So, further debate not being in order,
The main question (being first 011 the amend-
ment of Mr. Payne) was taken, and decided in
the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson,
Bayly, Jomes A. Black, Dowhn, Boyd, William
G. Brown, Burt, Cabell, Cathcart. Reuben Chap-
man, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Constable,
Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Bwirin,
Jetferson Davis, DeMott, Dobbin, Douglass, Fn-
ran, Ficklin, Fries, Garvin, Hamlm, Haralson,
Henley, Hoge, I. E. Holmes, George S. Hous-
ton, E. W. Hubard, Hunter, Chailes J. Ingersoll,
James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Anthew
Johnson, George W. jones, Seaborn Jones, Lau-
rence, Leake, Leib, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClel-
land, McClernand, McCrate, John P. Martin,
