28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 8,
fessedly by the proper officers. If the competing
claimant could show that he had received the ma-
jority of votes—
Mr. HUNTER here interposed to say that the
competing claimant had shown that he did receive
a majority of the votes returned to the Secretary
of State by the Judges of the Court of Probate.
Mr. DAVIS was here understood to inquire
whether the Secretary of State of Florida was the
proper officer to give a return to a member of
Congress ?
Mr. HUNTER'S reply was not distinctly heard,
but he was believed lo say that the Secretary of
State was the proper officer to make a return to the
Governor.
Mr. DAVIS asked whether the gentleman from
Virginia could produce a single case where a mem-
ber h.id presented the certificate of the proper re-
turning officer, and on that prima facie evidence
had been refused a scat ?
Mr. HUNTER replied that he had not quoted
this British case as being analogous in its circum-
stances to the election in Florida, but simply to
show that the House of Commons did separate
the question of leturn from the question of elec-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS said that the pi*ecedent did not ap-
ply to the facts of the present case, because the
sitting mrmber held a return from the proper offi-
cer; and he challenged the gentleman to show from
the records of Parliament where a sitting member
with such a certificate m his hand had ever been
depiived of Ins seat oil any evidence short of ac-
tual proof that be had not been elected. If the
objection here had been the same as m the Eng-
lish case rofeircd to, the piccudent might be worth
something.
Mr. HUNTER said he did not know how the
facts stood. The petitioner contended that m Flor-
ida the Judges of rotate were the proper return-
ing officers.
Mr. DAVIS resumed. If the only question
lieie had been whether the return presented by the
sitting member had been made by the proper offi-
cer, the gentleman's precedent might sustain him;
but supposing it could be shown that the certificate
was given by a proper officei, then he demanded
once more of the gentleman from Virginia to show
hhn any precedent under which Mr. Cabell might
be*deprived of the seat he now occupied, short of
proof that he had not been elected. It would be
unparliamentary to unseat him: it could not be
done without showing that he had received a mi-
nority of the legal votes cast. The instructions
proposed a state of tilings altogether anomalous,
if the gentleman would modify liis resolution so
as to require the committee to examine whether
the sitting member had pioduced a ieturn signed
by the piopcr officer, Mi. D. would not objcct to
it; but to go beyond that would be unprecedented
and unjust. The instructions supposed that the
committee might report that the petitioner was en-
titled to the reiurn, but that the sitting member
had been actually elected; which was absurd.
Mr. HUNTER asked how a committee could
make such a report ? If the sitting member was
elected he certainly was entitled to the return.
Mr. DAVIS said that such a consequence might
arise from the resolution. They might xeport
now that the claimant was entitled to hi a seat be-
cause he ought to have had the return, and three
or six months hence might discover and report
that the present Sitting member was duly elected.
Mr. HUNTER said certainly they might, audit
was precisely because they might, that lie wished
a report first made on the return.
Mr. DAVIS resumed. If it turned out that the
sitting member was entitled to Ins seat, as having
been elected, how unjust it would be that he should
hove been kept three or six months out of it. The
issues had never been sepaiated: there was in fact
but one issue m the case, and that was, who had
jeceived the most votes? Whoever that might be,
he was entitled to the scat.
The question being put by the Chair on the
adoption of the resolution and instructions, it ap-
peared to be decided in the negati\ c.
A count was demanded.
Mr. STEPHENS inquired whether it was too
late to divide the question.
The SPEAKER said it was not, and declared
the question to be first 011 the motion to refer, and
then on the instructions to the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said he under-
stood the objects of the mover to be that the com-
mittee should first report who was entitled to the
return, and who should hold the seat "while the in-
quiry was going on in the committee as to the
election.
Mr. HUNTER said that was his object.
Mr. HAMLIN observed that there seemed to be
some misunderstanding as to the purport of the
resolution. The gentleman insisted that it -was
merely a resolution of inquiry. Mr. H. did not
so understand it. As he understood the instruc-
tions, they required the committee to report on a
presumed state of facts. But how could the House
know that such a state of facts-did exist? The
committee must report who was entitled to take a
seat under the seal of the State, and then to report
who had received the greatest number of votes.
This embraced facts which neither the House nor
the gentleman could know. If the House was to
depart from its usual course in one case, why not
in all ?
Mr. HUNTER said it was only to get at the
facts that he wished the committee to inquire.
Mr. HAMLIN said the instructions required of
the committee to inquire in reference to certain
facts which the House did not know to exist.
They were stated in the memorial, but the House
could not know whether they existed at all. And
if it pursued this course in reference to one memo-
rial, it ought to do so in regard to all memorials.
It was likely to lead to confusion. One claimant
might present evidence which went to show that
he was elected when he was not, and this was often
done. An official certificate was often given to the
man who had received the smallest number of votes.
What might be the result in the present case he did
not pretend to know; but he thought that this me-
morial ought to take the same course with all other
memorials of the like kind. He agreed with the
gentleman from Virginia, however, in one thing:
if the Committee of Elections should be satisfied
that the contesting member made & prima facie case,
and the sitting member did not, let them so report,
but till that fact was ascertained, their hands ought
not to be tied.
Mr. BAYLY said that the gentleman from Maine,
who had just taken his seat, appeared to think that
the motion of his (Mr. B.'s) colleague [Mr. Hun-
ter] was based on assumed facts of which the
House knew nothing. Now, the memorial was
accompanied by testimony which showed that at
the time the Secretary of Florida made the certifi-
cate under which the sitting member now held his ;
seat, a majority of the votes which he was legally :
authorized to count was given for the contesting .
memorialist. The certificate was founded on mis- j
take; and the reason why his colleague desired to ;
separate between the question of election and the ;
question of return was this: If the facts went to ;
show that the commission which the return mem- 1
her read had been given by mistake, his object
was to put the memorialist into that seat to which '
he would have been entitled but for a mistake of
the returning officer. At the time the certificate
was given, the election returns from the different
counties in Florida were not all in; but even on
the votes which were actually in at that time, the
contesting member was entitled to a return as
having received a majority of the votes which the
Secretaiy had a right to count. The practical
operation of the instructions was this: to require of
the Committee of Elections to say which of these
two claimants was to be the contestor.
Tn the memorial before the House, Mr. Brock-
enbrough claimed a seat on two grounds: first, be-
cause he was technically entitled to the return; and
secondly, because he was actually elected. The
first question obviously was, who was entitled to
the return? The Constitution distinguished be-
tween an election and a return. It said that each
House was to be the judge of the election, return,
and qualification of its members. The question
first coming up was, who was entitled to the re-
turn? Who, prima facic, is entitled to the seat?
The question of actual election arises afterwards.
Stippo.se a returning officer had made his return
fraudulently, (as Mr. B. believed had been the
case in the famous New Jersey election,) would
that House refuse to inquire into this fraud in the
return till it had gone into a thorough inquiry who
had been actually elected by the people ? It was
true that the sitting member had produced a com-
mission under the great seal of the State of Florida;
but the testimony on the table, which was a certi-
ficate under seal of tKe Secretary himself, went to
show that the Secretary of State, whose duty it
was to cast up the votes and to give the certifi-
cate on which the Governor's return was founded,
had made a mistake in that certificate. Mr. B.
cared nothing about precedents; the Constitution
distinguished between returns and elections, and
the resolution followed the Constitution. It was
a mere resolution of inquiry, and he hoped the
House would sustain it.
Mr. GRAHAM said it was true that the Con-
stitution did speak of election as well as of return:
but it put the election first, and the return afterwards.
These instructions put the return first, and the elec-
tion afterwards; they put the second question first.
The return depended upon theelection. None ought
to receive the return out the man who was elected;
and therefore the first thing was, to ascertain who
had received a majority of the legal votes cast.
He thought that the House was invited to act
prematurely, and first to decide a question which
ought to be second in order. The very fact that
this resolution was hovel, and proposed a course
altogether without precedent, might, in itself, be
sufficient to satisfy the gentleman from Virginia
that he was incorrect. He might, with the same
propriety, give similar instructions to the commit-
tee on every case of contested election.
Mr. HTJNTER interposed to say that the ques-
tion of return and the question of election were
very different questions, though he readily ad-
mitted that that on election was the main question.
Mr. GRAHAM resumed. If so, then why en-
cumber the House and the committee with ques-
tions about the return ? Let the question come
first, as it did in its own nature. It was surely
improper to put a subsidiary and subordinate first.
What a spectacle would such legislation exhibit,
to have a committee reporting one month that one
gentleman was entitled to a seat, and the next
month that another was, and on the third that the
first gentleman had actually been elected; thus
favoring the House with a new member every new
moon. [A laugh.]
Mr. CABELL said that, personally, he felt en-
tirely indifferent as to the fate of the resolution.
Having the Governor^ commission, he Mi him-
self justly entitled to his seat, and he did not doubt
that the Committee of Elections would, upon ex-
amination, report not only that his return was
proper, but that a majority of the legal votes had
been cast in his favor. He would, however, make
a single remark in reply to the gentleman from
Virginia last up, [Mr. Bayly.] That gentleman
had stated to the House that the certificate given
by the Governor of Florida had been given by
mistake, and that by the election law of Florida
the memorialist [Mr. Brockenbrough] had been
justly entitled to the return. Mr. C. supposed it
probable that the gentleman from Virginia had
looked only at one law; he felt confident that if
the gentleman had seen all the laws of Florida in
relation to elections, he would have arrived at a
different conclusion. Mr. C- entertained no doubt
that, to quote the gentleman's own expression, ho
was himself "unquestionably entitled" to the seat
he occupied. As to the certificate having been
given by mistake, Mr. C. would state, as a mat-
ter of justice, that the Secretary of State of Flor-
ida had told Mr. C. that he was unquestionably
clected; but that, according to the laws of that
State, he should be obliged to give the return to
Mr. Brockcnbrough; and it was because that, at
one time, the Judges of Probate had been required
to make their returns to the Secretary of State,
and the Secretaiy, computing the votes so returned'
was to make his report to the Governor, but that
tne officers presiding at the several different precinct
having failed to send on their returns, the certificate
■would, have to be given according to the apparent
majority. Having received this information from
the Secretary, Mr. C. had written to his friends io
send 011 their returns without delay, so as to have
them m the Secretary's office within the time lim-
ited by law. His^ friends instantly complied, the
returns were sent in, and, at the end of thirty days
pi escribed by law, a different state of facts existed
Iroin those which existed at the time the Secretary
had given him this information. At ike previoua
time the majority -was for Mr. Brockenbrougu;
but at the close of the thirty days, Mr. 0. hod a
majority oi about two hundred votes. The Sec-
retary of State had declared to Mr. C. that, in his
view, the returns of the Judges of Probate were
