1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
null and void. Such, also, had been the opinion of
the Attorney General of Florida; and he presumed
that these officers were as good authority respect-
ing the laws of Florida as the gentleman from Vir-
ginia.
Not desiring to claim a seat here improperly,
Mr. C. had suggested to the Secretary that all the
votes given by the Judges of Probate should be
countcd, thereby giving Mr. Brockenbrough one
hundred and fitly votes more than he would other-
wise have been credited with, because the declara-
tion of the Secretary of State, that the returns of
the Judges of Probate were null and void, had pre-
vented Mr. C. from getting those returns from
several Whig precincts. Had not the Secretary
given Mr. B. this assurance, he should have had
a majority of one hundred and ninety votes. The
memorialist asked the House to disregard three
hundred votes, which had not been sent m in con-
sequence of this declaration of the memorialist's
personal and political friend, the Secretary of State.
[Mr. C. here asked for the reading of the certificate
given by the Secretary; and it was read accord-
ingly.]
Mr. C.j in conclusion, observed, that the amount
of the whole matter was simply this: If the Secic-
tary of State in Florida had computed the votes
in a particular way, Mr. Brockenbrough would
have the majority; but if the votes were computed
according to law, the result would be in his own
favor, fie did not know that it was necessary to
introduce the law of Florida here; that was a thing
for the committee to consider. If the House so
desired, he would read it; but if not, he should be
satisfied to let it go to the committee.
Mr. DOUGLASS said that the discussion thus
far had satisfied him that the House ought not to
attempt to decide what it would do in this case.
Listening to verbal statements and the reading of
certificates only tended to confuse their minds by
partial views. He thought the safer way would
be to refer the whole question to the Committee of
Elections, with instructions to report specifically on
the points at issue. If it was true that the contestor
had n majority of all Hie log;)] votes, and th^t the
sitting member had not been entitled to his return,
the committee could decide on that fact. If, again,
it was-true that, according to the votes returned at
the time, the sitting member was entitled to his
certificate, but that there were other votes which
ought to have been returned and counted, the com-
mittee could decide on that question also. Accord-
ing as they settled these points, the sitting member
should retain his seat or yield it to the memorialist,
and let him retain it till the question of election
was decided. A committee could settle these ques-
tions much better than the House. Meantime Mr.
D. was unwilling to give a vote which should com-
mit his own action or prejudge the question. Let
the committee report which of the claimants ought
to have received the certificate at the time it was
given, and let him be the sitting member till the
question of election should be finally decided. The
resolution was merely one of inquiry; it settled
nothing; but as it went to facilitate the settlement
of the question, he was in favor of passing it.
Mr. BAYLY had but a word to oiler. His
friend from Florida, the sitting member over the
way, (for he was so happy as to stand in relations
of personal friendship to both the claimants,) had
greatly misconceived Mr. 13.'s habits, if he sup-
posed he had made up his opinion as to the elec-
tion law in Florida, without examining all the laws
on that subject. At the time he investigated this
question he fiad before him copies of all those laws
certified by the Secretary of State: ho had also the
other statutes of Florida; and it was only after an
examination of the whole ground that he had
come to the conclusion that the only return which
the Secretary of State in Florida was entitled to
consider would have given the certificate and, con-
sequently, the commission, to Mr. Brockenbrough.
Whether Mr. B-. was a better judge of the laws of
Florida than the Secretary of fetate, was a question
lie did not feel called to investigate. Of one thing
he was very sure—that if the Secretary had given
his certificate to the Governor on any other basis
than the returns to him made by the Judges of Pro-
bate, his course had been entirely erroneous, [t
seemed that that officer had counted all the votes
as they came in, without reference to the officer by
whom made, and based his return upon them.
' Mr. B. said that he did not care how the House
decided; but he was sure that if they would look
into the laws of Florida they would be convinced
that the memorialist was entitled to his seat, and
they would come to this conclusion whether the
committee took a strictly technical view of the sub-
ject or looked to the broad fact who was elected.
In either case, it would be found that Mr. Brock-
enbrough was entitled both to the return and to
the seat finally. The Secretary of State had neither
wholly obeyed the law, nor wholly disobeyed it.
He disregarded the law in receiving all votes which
came m within thirty days, though they were not
icturned by the proper officers; and he obeyed the
law by refusing to count other votes which hod
come in after the thirty days had expired. Cer-
tainly if he adheied to the law in one case, he
should have done so in both cases. Mr. B. cared
not whether the House would adhere to the law
or not—either way Mr. Brockenbrough was enti-
tled to a seat. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Douglass] had misunderstood the resolution and
the argument, if he supposed that the House was
asked to decide as to the facts of the case; but as
there were two distinct questions involved—first,
on the return, and then on the election, Mr. B.'s
argument had been designed to show that the
question on the return came up first m order. lie
was happy to find the gentleman agreed with him
as to instructing the committee. The importance
of doing so was shown by the fact that some con-
tested elections had been delayed for six months.
Now, was it not important that during all that pe-
riod the seat should be occupied by the individual
who had been justly entitled to the return, and
that therefore that question should be fust decided?
Nay, he was just reminded by a friend that a for-
mer contest inspecting a Florida election had not
been decided during <i whole Congress, and the
same thing might happen dgjin. Surely it, ought
to be settled who was prima facie entitled to a seat
oil the Ilooi. It might so h-appen that decisions of
gicat importance might turn on that single vote.
As the instructions settled nothing as to the final
question, he hoped they would not be objected to.
Mr. SCLliiACK said lie had no pretensions to
_ a particular acquaintance with the laws of Florida,
j though he did profess to know something about
j the election laws of ins own State. Wasting time
on inquiries of that eort was only escaping" from
the true question, for that question would not be
affected by any decision of tins House as to what
was or was not the law of Florida. Mr. S. had
been somewhat surprised to hear gentlemen say,
that though two issues were submitted to the com-
mittee, they must both be decided in the same
way; he believed they might he decided in differ-
ent and opposite ways. The officers who made
the return of members to Congress acted merely
m a ministerial capacity; and, so acting, might
often be constrained, by the duty of their office, to
furnish a certificate to a party whom they well
knew not to be justly entitled to it, because not
elected by the people. Was this statement too
strong? Might it not happen in any State, or m
any district, that the officers oharged with the duty
of making any return might have all the subordi-
nate returns save those from one particular county?
and it might be within their knowledge that the
returns from that county had been duly sent, but
had been lost on the way, which loss changed the
whole result of the election; still they would be
constrained to make their return according to the
subordinate returns legally before them; and they
might be encouraged the more to do this from the
knowledge that Congress possessed a remedial
power, and that a full investigation would expose
and rectify the error. Though the question of
return presented a preliminary issue ; when the
question came here, that issue was merged and
swallowed up m the greater one as to who was
elected. The returning officer might be bound
and held in by the law under which he acted; but
the House had a higher duty; it looked beyond
such technicalities, and went into the great issue
as to the will of the people. The objcct of the
return was merely to furnish prima facie evidence
on which to fill the seat. The sitting member
held his seat provisionally, and subject to the in-
quiry whether he had been legally elected. Why,
then, spend time on the preliminary question as a
separate issuer That inquiry might show that
one claimant was entitled to the return, and that
his adversary was really elected. He thought
that the whole question should go to the commit-
tee without instructions. The question for them
to report upon was this: Shall the sitting member
hold nis seat because he has been elected?
It had been remarked by the gentleman from
Virginia, that six months might perhaps be spent
in that inquiry. Undoubtedly it might; and then
what a position would the House be placed m
should it have turned out the sitting member,
given his scat to a contesting petitioner, and then
been constrained to decide that he whom they had
turned out was actually elected. The House
would be subjected to general ridicule.
But suppose the committee, on investigation,
should reverse the case put by the gentleman, and
find it very easy to decide which of the parties was
elected, and should report accordingly, and then
by these instructions be kept two or three months
longer disputing who ought to have had the cer-
tificate: was the other claimant to be kept daneing
attendance in the lobby of the House till that
question was settled? Cui bono? Of what im-
portance could it be to show who ought to have
had the return, when the man truly elected was m
his seat? It was important that the return should
be given, and given to the right party; but chiefly
in order that the seat on the floor to which his
State was entitled should not be left vacant. The
case might be compared to an action of ejectment.
[Here Mr. S. stated some technical resemblances,
winch the Reporter will not undertake to give.]
Why stop at the prima facie question? Why
not go, at once, to the real question in the case,
which was the question of election? Why not lot
the silting member continue the sitting member till
that question was decided? That had always beeu
the coiuse heretofore, and Mr. S. saw no reason
for departing f oui it. He hoped the memorial
would be referred without instiactions, and he felt
no apprehension but that the commitice would re-
port on the merits just as soon as on the prelimi-
nary issue.
Mr. MILTON BROWN had formed no opinion
as to which of these parties would fmaliy be entitled
to aseatin the House. The members of the House
were clothed with the chnrucfor of judges, and in
that character would be called iincdly to decide the
question. For himself, he could perceive no reason
why the ordinary and long-established course in all
cases of contested election heretofore should now
be departed from. This was a contest between two
claimants of a seat in the House, and it should be
left to them to make their own issues before the
committee. The House must decide judicially.
One remark had fallen from the gentleman from
Virginia over the way [Mr. Bayly] which seemed
to lum not a little extraordinary. That gentleman
had said that the object of the resolution was to
transfer the seat of the sitting member to the con-
testor, and require them to exchange characters—
the sitting member to become the contestor, and
the contestor to become the sitting member. Tins
seemed to Mr. B. a rather extraordinary course tor
judges to pursue. How would it do to pursue such
a coiuse in a contest for propeity? A possesses a
farm, B contests his title and sues him. Thejudgc,
without hearing B, makes out Ins ease, looks cur-
sorily at the evidence, and immediately orders A to
give up his farm to B, and to become the pl-iimiff
and sue A.
But it was said that great delay might happen
before the final question was settled, and great in-
justice might be done to the claimant if he was not
put in the seat. Undoubtedly; and would not equal
injustice be done to the sitting member, if he was
improperly put out of the seat? That argument
had two edges, and applied .just as much to one
party as to the other. And, to avoid this possiUe
injustice, the House wos asked to go into a sum-
mary decision. Disguise it as they would, that
first judgment would amount to a decision of the
whole ease, and the other member ^might just as
well take his hat and go home.
Mr. B. repeated that he had made up no opinion
on the case, it was too soon for him as a judge
to have an opinion. Yet his friend over the way
[Mr. Bayly] threw the whole influence of ins
acknowledged talents and acquitments at once,
into one particular scale. The gentleman told the
House he had examined the question, and that the
contestor, and he only, was entitled to his seat.
Indeed ! But he would ask that gentleman, whether
the representations of the sitting member had been
heard by him ? The gentleman might have looked
very carefully and laboriously into'onc side of the
question, but ought he not to hear the other side
