80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 9,
before he thought of malting up a decision ? Would
not a decision of the preliminary question exert a
powerful practical bearing- upon the main ques-
tion ? Who could doubt it ? Was it not a question
affecting the rights of these individuals, and ought
the House to go into the question of the return
rather than into the main question p
The gentleman said he did not care for prece-
dents. If he did not, he ought to care for them.
At all events, Mr. B. was not prepared to decide
the case till he had all the facts before him, and he
could not consent to act on the legal opinion of the
gentleman over the way. The House, in this
ease, was a court-, and what did the court propose
to do ? It proposed to prescribe to the parties liti-
gant the issue they should make. Now, Mr. B.
was for leaving the parties to make up their own
pleadings and to choose their own issues. But
here was a court, without hearing the cause, about
to make up an issue for the parties, and send it to
a committee. It was about to order the committee
to report 011 that issue; and 011 that preliminary re-
port to change the occupant of the seat, and then
to look into the merits of the cause and to give
final judgment. A righteous court, indeed, first to
transfer the property and then to decide the ques-
tion of title ! The House was to resolve that if
any injury arose from delay—if any injustice
should ©row out of procrastination, all that in-
jury ancf all that injustice should fall 011 the sit-
ting member. Could judges rightfully do this5
He thought not. He did not know who was
entitled to the seat, but he should vote against
putting any particular issue before the committee.
Let the whole question be left open, as it always
had been. Why need there be any delay? And
if delay should occur, would it not be as injurious
to the one claimant as to the other, unless, indeed,
gentlemen had decided in advance which of them
was to have the seat? If not, what did they want
to deride ? Did they wish to transfer the seat on a
legal technicality, and then leave the real question
open to any delays that might happen ' Mr. B.
would not vote to let any man take benefit by pro-
crastination. Gentlemen were to sit as judges,
and they were acting out of character if they
touched the seat now held before they had decided
who was the legal representative of Florida on
this floor. Such were the views Mr. B. took of this
matter; and believing the instructions to be prema-
ture he should vote against them.
Mr. LINN BOYD desired to be informed by
the Speaker whether the previous question would
cut off the instructions.
The SPEAKER said, no; it would merely bring
the House to a strict vote 011 the resolution and in-
structions.
Mr. BOYD then demanded the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded; and the main question
was ordered.
The question was then divided and put; first, 011
referring the memorial to the Committee of Elec-
tions, and passed in the alfirmative; second, on the
instructions moved by Mr. Hunter 011 the present-
ation of the memorial. This was decided by yeas
and nays, in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson,
Bayly, Bedinger, Biggs, .Tunies A. Black, Bowhn,
Coyd, Burt, lieuben Chapman, Cobb, Constable,
Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, Jefferson Davis,
Dobbin, Douglass, Edsall, Faran, Ficklin, Foster,
Fries, Garvm, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Grover,
Haralson, Harmanson, Hoge, Hopkins, Hough,
G. S. Houston, Edmund \V. Hubard, Hunter,
Charles J. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James H. Johnson,
Joseph Johnson, George VV. Jones, Seaborn Jones,
Kennedy, Lawrence, Leake, Ligon, Lumpkin,
Maclay, McClernand, McDowell, McKay, John
P. Martin, Barclay Martin, Morris, Moulton,
Niven, Noitjs, Payne, Perrill, Price, Rathbun,
ileid, ilelfe, Hitter, Russell, Sawyer, A. D. Sims,
Leonard H. Simms, Simpson, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Stanton, St. John, Strong, Taylor,
James Thompson, Thurman, Wentworth, Whea-
ton, Wick, Wood, Woodward, Woodworth,
Yancey, and Yell—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams,
Anderson, Arnold, Ashmun, Barnnger, Bell, Ben-
ton, James Black, Blanchard, Brinkerhoff, Brod-
head, Milton Brown, William Cx. Brown, BufHng-
ton, William W. Campbell, John H. Campbell,
Cathcart, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cocke, Colla-
mer, Cranston, Crozier, Culver, Daniel, Garrett
Davis, Delano, DeMott, Dixon, Dockery, Dunlap,
Ellsworth, Erdman, Ewing, Foot, Gentry, Gid-
dings, Graham, Grider, Grinnell, Hamlin, Hamp-
ton, Harper, Herrick, Hilliard, E. B. Holmes,
John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson,
Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll,
Andrew Johnson, Daniel P. King, P. King, T. B.
King, Leib, Lewis, Levin, McClean, McCielland,
McCrate, McGaughey, McHenry, Mellvaine,
Marsh, Miller, Pendleton, Pollock, Kamsey, Julius
Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, .Saw-
telle, Scammon, Schenck, Seaman, Severance,
Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Stephens, Stewart, Strohm, Sykes, Thibodeaux,
Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson, Tibbatts, Til-
den, Toombs, Trumbo, Vance, White, Williams,
Winthrop, Woodruff, Young, and Yost—100.
And so the instructions were rejected.
ELECTION OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. SCHENCK, as a matter of privilege, mo ved
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections be in-
structed to inquire whether, in any case in which a
State is entitled to more than one representative,
any persons who have been admitted to take seats
in this House as representatives elect in the pre-
sent Congress, have been elected by general ticket
in their respective States, and not in conformity
with the provisions of the second section of the
" Act for the apportionment of representatives
among the several States according to the sixth
census," approved June 25, 1842; and that if said
election has been made in any ease, then that the
committee inquire and report, as soon as practica-
ble, whether the persons so elected are entitled and
qualified to hold seats as members of this body.
The resolution having been raad—
Mr. BOYD moved that it lie on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
Before the House was divided on the call—
Mr. COBB (at five minutes past three P. M.)
moved that the House adjourn; which prevailed.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 9, 1845.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from Jesse E. Dow & Co.,
proposing to execute the printing of the Senate for
the 29di Congress at twenty per cent, below the
prices now paid by the Senate under the existing
law; which was read, and hud on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report from the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
last session, calling for information relative to the
adjustment of Spanish land grants in the State of
Louisiana, with a report on the subject from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, the
communication was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report from the Secretary of War, in re-
ply to a resolution of the Senate of March 3,1845,
relating to the harbor at the mouth of the river La-
fourche, Louisiana.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, the
communication was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting the Annual Report of the Com-
missioner of Pensions.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the communication
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, stating that they had passed a reso- j
lutton appointing a committee, on their part, to su- I
perintend the expenditure of money for the pur-
chase of books for the Library, and asking therein
the concurrence of the Senate."
[The committee of the House consists of Messrs.
Bhodhead, E. W. Hubard, and W. W. Camp-
bell.]
NATIONAL DEFENCE.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolutions,
which lie over, viz;
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
foirs be instiucted to inquire into the condition of
the national fortifications and of their armaments,
and whether other defensive works are necessary;
and into the condition and quantity of the military
supplies; and into the state of the means possessed
by the Government for the defence of the country.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Militia be
instructed to inquire into the present condition of
that great branch of the public service, and into the
state of the militia laws; and that they be farther in-
structed to report such changes in the existing sys-
tem as will give more experience and efficiency to
that arm of defence, and will place it in the best con-
dition for protecting the country should it be ex-
posed to foreign invasion.
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the condition of the
navy of the United States, and into the quantity
and condition of the naval supplies now on hand,
and whether an increase of them is not necessary
to the efficient operations of the navy, and to its
preservation and augmentation; and,generally, into
its capacity for defending our coast and our com-
merce, and for any service the exigencies of the
country may probably require.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Charles
Gr. Page, of the Patent Office, asking to be allowed
to take out patents for certain inventions.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of
Henry L. Hull, of New York, for retained pay
and arrearages due him by the United States as a
soldier from 1839 to 1842.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of Henry
Miller, a sergeant in Captain Caldwell's troop
during the last war, praying to be appointed a mes-
senger to the Senate.
The following Message was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of Mr.
Walker, his Private Secretary:
To the Seriate and House of Representatives:
I communicate herewith a letter received from
the President of the existing government of the
State of Texas, transmitting duplicate copies of the
constitution formed by " the deputies of the people
1 of Texas, in convention assembled," accompanied
with official information that " the said constitution
£ has been ratified, confirmed, and adopted by the
' people of Texas themselves, iaaccorfance with the
' joint resolution for annexing Texas to the United
' States, and in order thatTexas might be admitted
' as one of the States of that Union."
JAMES K. POLK.
"Washington, Dec. 9, 1845.
The Message and documents were laid on the ta-
ble.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT proceeded to the
order of the day, being the election of the officers
of the Senate.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for a Secre-
tary; and the ballots having been taken, the result
was announced as follows:
Total number of ballots;, 49; 25 necessary to a
choice.
For AsBtrnv Dickens, 26; for Judge Stgrges,
24.
So Asbury Dickens was re-elected Secretary of
the Senate.
The Senate was about then to proceed to ballot
for oergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper, when
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON submitted a motion to
suspend the ballot, and appoint Robert Beall
Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper,
Mr. HAYWOOD. The rule of the Senate re-
quires that the officers shall be elected by ballot.
Mr. J. M„ CLAYTON. Very well; I will not
press the motion.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Ser-
geant-at-Arms and. Doorkeeper; when the result
was announced as follows:
Total number ot ballots, 47; necessary to a
choice, 24.
For Robert Beall, 40; for Randolph Cotle,
4: blanks, 3.
So Robert Beall was elected Sergeant-at-Arms
and Doorkeeper, to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Edward Dter. '
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Assist-
~ „ 0 eePer> the result was announced
as follows:
Whole number of votes, 49; necessary to a
uioice, «Oi
t it°1 -?ETH Salisbury, 24; James Young, 19;
fL™B> ! > P- Randolph, 3; Isaac Hol-
land, ]; ftamcel StETTINICS, 1.
