1845
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ai
There being no choice, the Senate pr-ocecdcd to
a second ballot, the result of which was announced
as follows:
Whole number of votes, 49 ; necessary to a
choice, 25.
Salisbury, 24; Young, 22; Holland, 3.
There being.no choice^ the Senate proceeded to
a third ballot; the result of which was announced
as follows:
Whole number of votes, 49; necessary to a
choice, 25.
Salisbury, 23; Holland, 23; Young, 3.
There being again no choice, the Senate pro-
ceeded to a fourth „ballot, the result of which was
announced as follows:
Whole number of votes, 49; necessary to a
choice, 25.
Isaac Holland, 25; Seth Salisbury, 22; H.
EsUiell, 1; Mr. Pease, 1.
So Isaac Holland was elected Assistant Door-
keeper in the place of Robert Beall.
Mr. J". M. CLAYTON submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the person or persons elected
printer to the Senate shall be required to sign an
agreement to do the printing of the Senate at not
less than twenty per cent, under the prices fixed
by the act of 1819, when the number of the docu-
ments to be printed does not exceed five thousand,
and thirty-three and a third per cent, less when
the number exceeds live thousand; and when the
same person or persons shall be elected printer to
both Houses, no allowance shall be made for
double composition, or setting up of the same doc-
ument.
Mr. ALLEN objected to the resolution, as out
of order, pending tlie ballot for officers.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said the resolution could
lie over. He did not intend to call for action upon
it at this time. He would only insist on laying it
on the table, until it could be taken up for considera-
tion.
Mr. HANNEGAN objected to the reception of
the resolution.
Mr. HUNTINGTON requested leave to make
a single remark; and as it related to a matter con-
nected wilh the execution of the order /or the ap-
pointment of the committees of the Senate, and was
personal to himself, he hoped there would be no
objection. He had understood it to be the inten-
tion of his friends to vote for him in the election
about to take place, as chairman of one of the com-
mittees. While he gratefully acknowledged this
kindness, he was compelled, by the feeble suite of
his health, to decline this proposed mark of their
confidence. He had been for some time confined
by a severe and protracted indisposition, and his
health was not sufficiently restored to enable him
to be r the fatigue of attending to the duties which
such a trust would necessarily impose upon him.
He therefore threw himself on the indulgence of
the Senate, to excuse him from serving on any of
the committees, and he hoped his name would not
appear on any of the ballots about to be given.
The Senate being about to proceed to ballot for
-Chairmen of the standing committees—
Mr. ALLEN said he had been desired by an
honorable Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
McDuffie,] to ask the Senate to be excused from
serving on any of the committees. The severe in-
disposition under which he had labored for some
time past, disqualified him for the performance of
any arduous duties, and rendered it doubtful if he
should even be able to attend the meetings ot aiiy^
of the committees, or even the regular sessions of
the Senate. He would take this occasion to say,
in addition, that he believed that eveiy member of
the Senate would feel deep regret that this body
was likely to be, from such a cause, deprived of the
aid of the able and powerful intellect of the Senator
from South Carolina.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations; when the
result was announced as follows: Mr. Allen 26,
Mr. Archer 21.
So Mr, Allen was elected Chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chairman
of the Committee on Finance; when the result
was announced as follows: Mr. Calhoun 27, Mr.
Evans 20.
So Mr. Calhoun was elected Chairman of the
Committee on Finance.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chairman
of the Committee on Commerce; when the result
was announced as follows: Mr. Haywood 26, Mr.
Davis 19
So Mr. Haywood was elected Chairman of the
Committee on Commerce.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chairman
of the Committee on Manufactures; when the result
was announced as follows: Mr. Dickinson 26, Mr.
Simmons 21.
So Mr. Dickinson was elected Chairman of the
Committee on Manufactures.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chair-
man of the Committee on Agriculture; when the
result was announced as follows: Mr. Sturgeon
26, Mr. Pearce 20.
So Mr. Sturgeon was elected Chairman of the
Committee on Agriculture.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs; when
the result was announced as follows: Mr. Benton
27, Mr. Crittenden 21.
So Mr. Benton was elected Chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chair-
man of the Committee on the Militia; when the
result was announced as follows: Mr. Atchison 25,
Mr. Barrow 22.
So Mr. Atchison was elected Chairman of the
Committee on the Militia.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs; when the
result was announced as follows: Mr. Fairfield
27, Mr. Mangum 21.
So Mr. Fairfield was elected Chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands; when the
result was announced as follows: Mr. Brce.se 26,
Mr. Woodbndge 21.
So Mr. Okekse was elccted Chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands.
The Senate then proceeded to the election of
Chairman of the Committee on Private Land
Claims; when the result was announced as fol-
lows: Mr. Levy 25, Mr. Johnson of Louisiana
21.
So Mr. Levy was elected Chairman of the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs; when
the result was announced as follows: Mr. Sevier
26, Mr. Phelps 20.
So Mr. Seiier was elected Chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chair-
man of the Committee on Claims; when the result
was announced as follows: Mr. Bagby 26, Mr. J.
M. Clayton 20.
So Mr. Bagby was elected Chairman of the
Committee on Claims.
The Senate then proceeded to the election of
Chairman of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims; when the result was announced as fol-
lows: Mr. Semple 25, Mr. Jarnagm 20.
So Mr. Semfle was elected Chairman of the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The Senate then proceeded to the election of
Chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary;
when the result was announced as follows: Air.
Ashley 26, Mr. Berrien 21.
So Mr. Asiilev was elected Chairman of the
Committee on the J udiciary.
On motion of Mr. MANGUM, who stated that
the usual hour of adjournment (three o'clock) had
arrived; and that no evil could result from a post-
ponement of the election of the Chairmen yet to
be balloted for,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 9, 1845.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved .
The SPEAKER announced that the business
first in order would be the consideration of the res-
olution offered yesterday by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. SchencicJ and pending at the hour of
adjournment, in relation to the election of repre-
sentatives in Congress.
FALLS OF ST. MARY.
Mr. McCLELLAND gave notice that he would
to-morrow, or on some future day, ask leave to
introduce a bill making an appropriation for the
construction of a canal around the falls of Sf.
Mary, at the outlet of Lake Superior.
SCHOOLS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. WENTWORTH gave notice that he would
to-morrow, or on some future day, ask leave to
introduce a bill to repeal the joint resolution of
March 3,1845, under which the Secretary of the
Treasury has taken the responsibility of with-
holding the fund set apart for the schools of II-
linois.
COMMITTEE OF CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER again announced the business
in order, and said none other could be introduced
except by general consent, until this was disposed
of.
Mr. SCBENCK objected to anything but the
regular business.
Mr. VANCE rose to what he believed a ques-
tion of privilege. He asked to be excused from
service on the Committee of Claims. As he be-
lieved he had been a pretty faithful servant on this
committee for a great number of years, he trusted
the House would indulge him m this request.
The question being taken, the motion was agreed
to.
So Mr. Vance was excused.
GENERAL TICKET ELECTIONS.
The SPEAKER again announced the unfinish-
ed business to be the resolution of Mr. Schenck.
Mr. BRODHEAD inquired of the Speaker
whether a motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union would not take
preccdence of the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
The SPEAKER. It would not, because the
resolution involve? a question of privilege, which
supersedes all other business.
So the House resumed tlie consideration of the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections be
instructed to inquire whether, in any case in which
a State is entitled to more than one representative,
any persons who have been admitted to take seats
in tins "House as representatives elect m the pres-
ent Congiess, have been elected by general ticket
in their respective States, and not in conformity
with the provisions of the second section of tlie
act for the apportionment of representatives
among the several States, according to the sixth
census, approved June 25, 1842; and that, if such
election has been made in any case, then that the
committee inquire and report, as soon as practica-
ble, whether the persons so elected are entitled and
qualified to hold seats as members of this body.
And the pending question was on the motion,
heretofore submitted by Mr. Boyd, that the said
resolution be laid on the table.
On which motion the yeas and nays had here-
tofore been ordered; and, being now taken, re-
sulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson,
Bedjnger, Benton, Biggs, James Black, James A.
Black, Bowhn, Boyd, Brmkerhoff, Brodhead, W.
G. Brown, Cathcart, Reuben Chapman, Chase,
Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Colin, Cullom, Cum-
mins, Cunningham, Daniel, Jefferson Daws, De
Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Douglass, Dunlap,
Ellsworth, Erdman, Paran, Fir klm, Fries, Gar-
vin, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Hamhn, Haralson,
Harmanson, Henley, Hoge, I. E. Holmes, Hop-
kins, Hough, G. S. Houston, Edmund W. Hub-
ard, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Hunter, Charles
J. IngersolJ, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Joseph
Johnson, A.Johnson, S. Jones, Kennedy, Ligon,
Maclay, McClean, McClelland, McCIernand, Mc*
Council, McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin,
Barclay Martin, Moulton, Niven, Norris, Owen,
Parrish, Payne, Perry, Pectit, Price, Rathbun,
Reid, Relfe, Rittcr, Russell, Sawyer, Scammon,
A. D. Sims, Leonard H. Simms, Simpson, Thos.
Smith, Robert Smith, Starkweather, St. John,
Strong, Sykes, Taylor, Thurman, Tibbatt*,
Treadway, Wentwoith, Wheaton, Wick, Wj1-
liams, Wilmot, Woodward, Woodworth, Yan-
cey, Yell, and Yost—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashman, Baker, Bar-
-ringer, Bell, Blanchard, M. Brown, Bumnizton,
Cabell, William W. Campbell, John H. Camp-
hell, Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, Crozier, Culver,
Garrett Davis, Delano, Dixon, Docfccry, £wmn",
Foot, Giddings, Graham, G-ndcr, Hampton, Tier-
