32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec <*
* *9
rick, Hilliard, E. B. Holmes, J. ~W\ Houston,
Saml. D. Hubbard, Hudson, Hungerford, Wash-
ington Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Daniel P. King,
Thomas JB. King, Lewis, Le\m, Mcllvaine,
Marsh, Pendleton, Pollock, Ramsey, Julius Rock-
well, John A. Rockwell, Root, Schenck, Seaman,
Severance, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb
B. Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Strohm, Thibo-
deaux, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson, Til den,
Toombs, Trurnbo, Vance, White, Wintlirop,
Woodruff, and Young—G9.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. McKAY, from the select committee on
public printing, asked leave to make a report from
that committee, on the subject of printing. It was
very desirable that eaily action should be had upon
the subject. All be proposed to do was to offer
the resolution, to pass it through two readings,
that it be laid on the table, and printed; giving
notice that he should call it up to-morrow for the
action of the House.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can only be
received by the general consent of the House.
No objection being made, Mr. McKAY report-
ed a joint resolution, supplementary to the " reso-
4 lution directing tbc manner in which the printing
' of Congress should be executed, fixing the prices
' thereof", and providing for the appointment of a
1 printer or printers."
This resolution provides in case of the same
person or persons being elected printers for both
Houses, the charge for the setting of the type
shall be paid only in one House under certain re-
strictions.
The resolution was twice read, and laid on the
table, and ordered to be punted.
Mr. McKAY, on leave, moved to refer the An-
nual Report of the Secretary of the Treasury on
the finances of Government, to the Committee of
Ways and Means, so as to enable the committee
to proceed to act.
Ordered accordingly.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. DOUGLASS rose to offer a series of reso-
lutions for the reference of the President's Mes-
sage, believing it essential that it should be refer-
red immediately, to enable the committees to go
to work. lie therefore moved the resolutions
now, and gave notice that he should follow this
motion by a motion to refer the resolutions to the
committees of the House on the subject of the re-
solutions.
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman thai it
would require a vote of two-thirds to oiler this re-
solution; but that a simple majority was compe-
tent to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and the committee then could
act on these, or any other resolutions which might
come before it.
Mr. DOUGLASS accordingly moved that the
rules be now suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; giving notice that, when in
committee, he would offer the resolutions of which
he had given notice.
Mr. COLLAMER wished to inquire of the gen-
tleman if it was his design that the House should
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union before his resolutions were introduced?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decidcd that
a vote of two-thirds would be required to submit
the resolutions to the House; but that a major-
ity was competent to go into a Committee of4 the
Whole on the state of the Union.
In reply to an iriquny, by some gent'eman who
was not .seen, whether the resolutions would be in
order m committee?
The SPEAKER said, that was for the oommit-
tci itseli, and not for the ('hair, to determine.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative—ayes 79, noes not counted.
So the House resolved itself into a Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Boyd in the chair.)
Mr. DOUGLASS rose and offered the following
resolutions:
Resolved, That so much of the annual Message
of the President of the United States to the two
Houses of Congress at the present session as re-
lates to our foreign affairs, together with the ac-
companying correspondence in relation thereto, be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
2. That so much of said Message as relates to
the condition of the treasury; to the reduction and
modification of the tariff with reference to revenue;
to the extension of our revenue laws-over the ter-
ritory of Texas; to the payment of the public debt,
and to the establishment of a constitutional trea-
sury and the separation of the affairs of Govern-
ment from all banking institutions, be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
3. That so much of said Message as relates to
the condition and operations of the army of the
United States; to forts, fortifications, and military
posts on the line to Oregon, and the raising and
mounting an adequate force to guard and protect
emigrants thereto and elsewhere, together with the
report of the Secretary of War, except so much
thereof as may be herein otherwise specially re-
ferred, be referred to the Committee on Military
Allah's.
4. That so much of said Message as relates to
Indian affairs, and to the extension of our laws
regulating tiadc and intercourse with the several
tribes to such as reside west of the Rocky moun-
tains, together with so much of the report of the
Secretary of War as relates to these matters, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
5. That so much of said Message as relates to
the condition and operations of the Navy of the
United States, and to the increase of the same—
especially m steam vessels for the defence of our
coasts, harbors, and inland seas, and the protec-
tion of our commerce on the oeean or the lakes—
together with die report of the Secretary of the
Navy, be referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
6. That so much of said Message as relates to
the office of the Attorney General, and the distri-
bution of duties among the several Executive de-
partments; and so much as relates to the extension
of our judicial system over the Territory of Texas,
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
7. That so much of said Message as relates to
the Post Office Department, to the rates of postage,
to the extension of mail service, a line of mails to
Oregon, and lines of mail steamers between our
country and foreign ports, as well as upon our
own waters, together with the report of the Post-
master General, be referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post R* ads.
8. That so much of said Message as relates to
the government and organization of the Territories
of the United States, to the admission of new
States into the Union, and the protection of our
citizens in Oregon, by extending to them our laws
and jurisdiction, together with so much of the ac-
companying documents of the Message as pertain
to these subjects, be referred to the Committee on
Territories.
9. That so much of said Message as relates to
the public lands, to the reduction and graduation
of the price of the same, to granting pre-emptions
to the actual settlers thereon, and to the disposition
of the mineral lands, be referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
10. That so much of said Message as relates to
the District of Columbia, be referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired of the Chair, how a
Committee of the Whole could refer any matter to
itself? He did not think the committee was capa-
ble of making, on its own authority, any reference
whatever.
The resolutions having, on a call, been again
read—
Mr. SCHENCK said he had not before heard it
aright. He now thought the matter was made
woise. How could one committee of the House
refer a subject to another committee ?
The Chair replied that it was perfectly compe-
tent for a Committee of the Whole to pass such a
resolution. It was to "be subject to the action of
the House afterwards. It was only in the nature
of a recommendation to the House to pass o cer-
tain resolution, just as the standing committees
were in the habit of recommending.
Mr. SCHENCK said that if it was only a re-
commendation, and no assumption of authority
which did not belong to the committee, he would
withdraw Ins objection.
Mr. DOUGLASS explained. JBefore lie had
drawn these resolutions, he had carefully examined
the precedents on the Journal, and he could state
that the proceeding now proposed was in strict
conformity with what had been done in like cases
heretofore. The Ex&ettlive messages had been
taken up in Committee of the Whole, and the va-
rious subjects of which they treated had usually
been referred to standingps&eramittees in conformity
to resolutions adopted in "Committee of the Whole,
Mr. SCHENCK would take the liberty of sug-
gesting to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr, Doug-
lass,] so to modify the phraseology of liis resolu-
tions, as to make only a recommendation.
After some explanation, and the Chairman hav-
ing stated that the proceeding was perfectly in ac-
cordance with the practice in such cases—
Mr. SCHENCK was understood to aequicsce in
the decision, as he did not renew his objection.
And the question then being on the adoption of
tlio rifot rf-sjAinhrin—.
Mr. WUNfTHROP asked for the reading of the
whole of the resolutions in connection, before the
House should be called upon to act on. either of
them, so that it might be understood in what man-
ner the mover intended to partition out the several
subjects in the Message. This was particularly
important, because there might be some doubt on
reference to particular portions of that document,
whether strictly considered, they referred to our
domestic affairs. For example, this doubt might
apply to all that was recommende4 in relation to
Texas. He wished to see, before lie voted, what
arrangement the gentleman contemplated.
The House acquiescing in this suggestion, the
whole of the resolutions were read in order.
And the question then recurring 011 the adoption
of the first resolution, it was taken, and decided in
the affirmative.
So the first resolution was adopted.
THE TARIFF.
The second resolution having been read, as fol-
lows:
Iiesolved, That so much of said Message as re-
lates to the condition of the Treasury; to the re-
duction and modification of the tariff, with refer-
ence to revenue; to the extension of our revenue
laws over the Territory of Texas; to the ppyment
of the public debt, and the establishment of a con-
stitutional treasury, and the separation of the af-
fairs of government from all banking institutions—
be referred to the Committee of Ways aj)<TMeans.
Mr. STEWART, of Pain., moved to amend it
by adding thereto the following words:
" That it is the sense of this House that no alter-
ation should be made in the tariff of 1842."
In supporting this motion, Mr. S, said, that he
thought the House ought to meet this question at
once. It seemed to him to be the duty of this com-
mittee to give an expi-ession of its views on the
general subject. The people had heard with alarm
the language of the Executive Message on the
subject of the tariff. Mr. S. was in possession of
letters just received from individuals who had
commenced manufacturing establishments, and
who wished to know whether it would be safe for
them to proceed. Their inquiry of him was, what
was going to be done—whether the entire system
of protective policy was to be overturned, as had
been recommended by the Executive? Thai in-
quiry was comiiigup from all parts of the country,
and he thought it the duty of that House to reply-
to those inquiries, and to" let the people know at
once whether the policy of protecting American
industry was to be subverted or established. Sure-
ly it was their obvious duty, to come up to the
question fairly and openly, and at once to give a
distinct expression of their views. -
It had been intimated by a gentleman, from Ala-
bama, over the way, [Mr. Patke,] that die report
from the Secretary of the Treasury was a most
extraordinary document. Extraordinary it cer-
tainly was, and many new and very extraordinary
doctrines did it contain. Mr. S. concurred very
heartily with the gentleman in thus much of what
he had said. The report was a document setting
forth doctrines in political economy such as never
before had been promulgated by any authorized
officer of Government, and the positions there as-
sumed were such as had startltd the country.. It
was therefore manifestly proper and highly obliga-
tory on tins body that it should give as prompt an
expression as possible of its views and intention
m the premises. Mr. S. proposed to draw forth
to view, and to public examination, in as brief a
manner as lie could, some of -these opinions.
The first doctrine which he should notice, and
vhieh was most distinctly .avowed in the Secreta-
