1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
down: that was the rule. And now, Mr. S. would
ask, under such a rule as this, what man in his
senses would vest a dollar in manufactures? What
was the prospect before him ? The momentwhen,
by industry and enterprise, he should succeed in
getting the better of his foreign competitor, down
with the duty. If a shoemaker or a hatter, by
making .better or cheaper hats or shoes, had got
possession of the market, the eye of his free-trade
system was fastened on him like a vulture. The
Secretary found he was doing too well, and the
duty must be reduced to let in the foreigner. Such
was . the plan of this Administration. The me-
chanic, finding his protection thus diminished, and
having no other resource but his business, would
go on to work longer and to work harder than be-
fore, and when, by working out of hours, he had
■contriycd to get over the opposition of his own
-Government, and began to gel together a little pro-
fit, the same doctrine would repeat the process;
the duty would be evidently too high—down with
it' The "poor man" would now take his chil-
dren from school and bring them into the shop.
'They, too, would now work, while the man him-
self worked harder and harder. But what would
be the result ? It would only bring him under the
Secretary's rule; the duty must be again lowered,
and still go on to be lowered, more and more, till
at last this free-born American must be ground
down by the action of his own Government lo
the degraded and wretched condition of an English
pauper or Russian serf. The moment an Amer-
ican laborer succeeded by his exertions in shutting
out foreign competition, the foreigner must be let
in and put over him. What sort of rule was this ?
For whom would one suppose it to be made5 For
the American manufacturer, or the European?
Clearly it was a rule for the benefit of the for-
eigner. And could an independent and intelligent
American consent to live under such a rule; The
moment the American rises to his feet, m ihis strug-
gle with foreigners for the American market, he
is to be knocked down by this executive poker, and
walked over by his Secretary Walker. [A laugh.]
And this was their .fhnerictiii system. Air. S. in-
sisted it was a British system. It was just such
•a system as Sir Robert Peel would have recom-
mended, could he have spoken through President
Polk as his trumpet; its practical, its universal
operation, would be what he had just now de-
scribed. And would the House endorse a system
like this? This was the far-famed "free-trade sys-
tem," now for the first time promulgated by an
American fiscal officer. Oh how this tender-heart-
ed Secretary did love the " poor man 1" His love
was so great that he would bring him down to a
level with the British paupers !
Since the improvements in steam, the cost of
transportation is comparatively nothing. Take off
the duty, and the British workshops would be
"brought to our door. Suppose these British la-
borers were in Alexandria, working at twenty-five
^.ents: was any man so blind as hoi to see that \
they must soon break down the workmen of j
Washington? The employer would soon begin
to talk to them in a very intelligible language:
44 My competitors in Alexandria get labor for
twenty-five cents a day, and you must take the
same or quit." 'Now, where was the difference,
•whether the distance was a little greater or a
little loss? The practical operation of the sys-
tem would be just the same. And this was the
blessed system of free trade? The workmen
of England and France would work cheaper
than purs, and free-tiade doctrine held that we
must buy wherever wc could buy cheapest.
Down v/ent the duty, in came foreign goods, out
went American money; and out and out it went
till we had no more money to send, and the peo-
ple and their Government became bankrupt to^
gether. This was the blessing which the com-
passionate Secretary had in store for the " poor
man!" Oh, how he loved him! He brought m
"the poor man" ten times m two paragraphs!
But his love would be very apt to operate like the
love a certain bear-once had for a "poor man,"
when he hugged him to death. [A laugh.]
Mr. S. had seen Mr. Walker's name announced
for the Presidency. Now, an uncharitable ob-
server might perhaps say that Mr. Walker was
looking to be the "poor man's" candidate. If so,
he proposed a wise plan, for his system would
soon make all the people poor, and then he would
go in by acclamation, [Much merriment.]
The Secretary's system might not inaptly be
termed a plan to manufacture " poor men." Such
would be its practical result, and there would be
no escaping it. Let the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Payne] examine the report as long as he
pleased, and see if he could make anything else
out of it. And now Mr. S. would ask the mem-
bers of this committee and his countrymen gea-
erally, whether the adoption of such a plan would
not be equivalent to passing1 a law that henceforth
no further capital should he invested in manufac-
tures? It was of the, nature of a notice before-
hand, and it ran in this wise: " Gentlemen, you
' may invest your money in such way as you j i
' deem best; but we here notify you, that, as soon
' as you shall have supplied the American market,
' and we find that, in consequence of your success,
4 imports begin to dimmish, the duties must be
4 reduced, arid foreign goods must be let in, until
4 we get revenue enough to pay all Government
' officers." With such a notice before him, who
would engage m manufactures ' Who would in-
vest the capital he had received by inheritance, or
accumulated by his own enterprise and toil, with
the certainty before his eyes that, just as soon as he
began to gather a little strength, to acquire greater
skill to improve the modes of labor, and to realize
its reward by getting the better of foreign com-
petition, he must be knocked down, and the for-
eigner let in to ruin hini? This might be called,
in certain parts of the country, " legging for the
British." Gentlemen from the West understood
what was meant by the term "legging." The
doctrine wp.s this: we must have icvenue: our
salaries must be paid, and revenue must be had,
and you (the people) must not manufacture, be-
cause, if you do, we shall not gel ;«s much revenue,
lie put it to gentlemen to show hnu whether this
*rould not he the plain operation of the rule.
But the Secretary of the Treasury had made
other very wondeifid discoveries m jinanec. What
did he tell us ? s* Experience proves that, as a gen-
c oral rule, a duty of twenty per cent, ad valorem
4 will yield the largest revenue " Yes; experience
proved that an ad valorem duty of twenty per cent,
would yield the greatest amount of revenue.
Twenty per cent, yield the greatest revenue!
Why, what was the great, broad, universally-
known experience of the country5 ~V\ e had a
tariff of twenty per cent, in 1841-'4*2; and what
was our revenue ? Not onc-lialf of what it was now.
The whole amount of revenue from imports was
then about thirteen millions, and this year it was
twenty-seven millions. Was thirteen more than
twenty-seven? If so, the Secretary is right; if
not, he was wrong. And what was the effect of
their twenty per cent, horizontal duty ? Under its
operation the country was prostrated, the Govern-
ment itself was bankrupt, and the people were
little better. Yet this man could say, in the face
of these well-known facts, and of the American
people, any one of whom knew better, that an
average duty of twenty p<>r cent, yielded the high-
est amount of revenue. The Secretary Iwd even j!
gone further yet than this: in his famous circular, !
lie had assumed that twelve and a half per cent. j
horizontal was the true revenue standard. Some •
western scribbler asked him, through the press, |!
how much revenue twelve and a half per cent. \\
would give on one hundred millions of imports ? ; |
(that being more than the average amount,) The
answer must be twelve and a half millions; then
deduct three and a half millions, (the expense of
collection,) and but nine millions of nett revenue
would be left to pay twenty-six millions of expen-
ditiues. To make up the revenue, you must add
more than one huudied millions to your imports,
while your whole specie has never been estimated
at more than eighty-five millions; then all your
specie goes for your first year, and where will you
get money for the next year- These questions,
being rather troublesome,- were never answered.
The truth was, that the revenue resulted from
the tariff, and followed it. When the tariff was
low, the revenue was- low; when the tariff was
high, the revenue was high. That had been the
uniform experience of the country, and he chal-
lenged gentlemen to show the contrary. It must
be so; It could not be otherwise. And why? Be-
cause the result of protection was to make the peo-
ple neb, and tailing off protection made them poor.
When the people were rich the treasury was full;
■as the country became poor the treasury was im-
poverished. fbc condition of the treasury was,
in fact, a political thermometer, to test the pros-
perity of the country. According to the national
prosperity, so would the revenue ever be found.
When men were impoverished, could they pur-
chase goods freely? Certainly not. When pros-
perous, their wives and daughters could purchase
costly clothing and rich furniture, and then many
goods were always imported. But when the coun-
try was impoverished, men would wear their old
coats, their wives and daughters stayed at home
and mended them, merchants could not get money
to import goods, and the treasury was impov-
erished.
(Jndcr the compromise law the duties ran down
till they readied the point of twenty per cent.; then
was the gentleman's Utopia; then, according to the
Secretary, the revenue ought to have been abundant-,
but who had yet forgotten, or could ever forget,
what had been then the condition of the tieasuiy,
and of this entire nation? The treasury was so
perfectly bankrupt that it could not borrow one
hundred dollar4;. The States were everywhere
repudiating their debts, and the national character
lay prostrate and bleeding. That was the condi-
tion, and everybody knew it, to which a twenty per
cent, tariff had brought this land; and yet act thi*s
day the first fiscal officer of the Government had
the front to recommend a return to that state of
things. In our great humiliation and distress the
tariff of '12 came in like a dclnermg angel; it
raised and restored the revenue; it replenished a
famished treasury; it brought repudiation into
di'-'repulo; it made a bankrupt law useless; in a
word, it struck the whole country as with the
wand of an enchanter, and brought back plenty,
and credit, and enterprise, and hope, and public
character. Why, then, disturb it? What mischief
had it done? The Secretary deprecated agitation;
but who agitated the country? It was the Secre-
tary himself and his friend*. The friends of pro-
tection everywhere cried out, ''Give the country
repose; Give the country prosperity and pcacc
under the tariff as it is "
[The hour here expired, the Chairman's ham-
mer fell, and "\ft. Sti-wart resumed his seat.]
Mr. BftODHEAD said he had not risen to
make a speech, but for the purpose of remonstra-
ting with his colleague. Though he himself by no
means agreed with the Secretary of the Treasury
in the doctrines of his report; and although, if his
colleague insisted on pressing his motion, Mr. B.
should be constrained to vote for it, yet he must
be permitted to say to that gentleman that he con-
sidered it altogether premature. The opponents
of protection, should such a motion prevail, might
think they discovered a design to drag this tariff
question into the arena of debate before it had been
duly examined; and he warned his colleague that
a vote at this time on the motion he had made
would be no test of the sense of that House. It
would not be a notice to the country as to the final
vote that might be expected m the case. He must
request his colleague, and he did it with all respect,
not 1o piess the House into a discussion on the
tariff on a mere motion of reference. This was
not the time to discuss so great a question, and he.
thought that in this respect the motion was a little
out of order. It was impossible to prevent a dis-
cussion; hut let it be had 111 a fair and proper way.
Allow to both sides a fair fight and an open fir-Id.
The friends of protection could not gain, but would
lose, by pressing the discussion at this time. He
must therefore again request his colleague to with-
draw the motion he had made. Let the subject go
to the committee encumbered by no instructions.
Why should they delay all the public business by
entering at this moment, even before the Message
had been referred, into a discussion which could
not be brought to an issue under three, and per-
haps six weeks > No good could possibly result
from such a proceeding. Pie hoped, then, that
his colleague would see the propriety of withdraw-
ing the motion.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said that, if there was
any responsibility attached to the request just
made, he was free to share it with his colleague
who had just taken his seat, and would take the
liberty of expressing his concurrence in the desire
that his friend who had moved the instruction
would consent to withdraw his motion, and leave
I the whole question open to the future decision of
' the House.
Mr. STEWART said he was not disposed to
be pertinacious. He had thought that the House
