38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 9,
ought to meet the question promptly, and give an
expression of its views as to whether the doctrine
put forth by the Administration should receive its
sanction or not. He had felt anxious that such a
paper as thai which had proceeded fiom the officer
at the head of the Treasury, ihould not go to the
country without the presentation of some views
on the"other side of the question. His own .State
was deeply interested 111 the whole subject; find
the anxieties of Iut citizens were strondy excited.
Still he should yield to the judgment of his friends j
ynl colleagues, and would consent to withdraw the [
motion he had ii)3de. ,
And lie withdrew it accordingly. j
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said that he had ;
propounded some questions to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania when up, winch he had hoped that
that gentleman would answer: but it seemed the
only "object of the gentleman had been to make a j
speech.
Mr. STEWART1 said that he. had withdrawn
his motion, but would cheerfully renew it to_ac-
commodate the gentleman from Tennessee, n he
■wished to make a speech.
[Cries of " No, no—don't renew it.'"]
Mr. JOHNSON said he had hoped the gentle-
man would have told the House why the price of
free goods had mil dov, n in the same propoition
with "those subjected to duty; bet he had not done
it.
Mr. STEWART denied that the prices of free
goods had run down m anything hke the same
proportion. The tact was not so.
Mr. JOHNSON said he had propounded to the
gentleman another question; and that was, whether,
after duties had been laid which were sufficient to
produce the required revenue, the gentleman was
for adding further duties for protection ? If that
was the issue, he hoped it would be fully under-
stood, and if the tariff was retained, it would be
done understanding]}'.
Mr. STEWART was not distinctly heard, but
was understood to reply in the negative; but it
seemed we had not revenue enough now, and the
(Secretary was for reducing the tariff, that we might
get more. That was the doctrine. When the
treasury was too full, then the tariff was to he re-
duced that the revenue might be diminished. So,
full or empty—too much revenue or loo little—still
the doctrine was, " S,educe, reduce !" " The taiiiT
must be reduced!" Doctor Sangrado's panacea—
LL bleeding and warm water." [A laugh.]
Mr. JOHNSON said it was very difficult to get
the gentleman up to the question. The gentleman
seemed to be in favor of laying duties for protec-
tion after we had enough for revenue. In other
words, to tax one portion of the community ill or-
der to favor another portion.
Mr. STEWART said that there never had been a
protective duty which in the end had taxed any one
man in this community a single cent: its effect had
ever been to reduce prices, not to raise them. Let
the gentleman put his linger on a single article the
price of which had been vai;,.e(i by a protective duty:
they always reduced the priee by competition and
increased supply. He challenged the gentleman
to point him to one, to a single instance in which
the price had been ultimately increased. This was
an issue of fact, and he challenged the gentleman
to the scrutiny.
Mr. JOHNSON said he disliked greatly to see |
the gentleman from Pennsylvania thrown into such i
contortions and using such very violent gcsticula- I
tion. It had an ominous appearance. [Laughter.]
Tie disliked any gentleman to lose his balance. !
His own object had been to make an issue with i
the gentleman before the House and the nation. I
He had wished that gentleman distinctly to define
his position. Perhaps Mr. J. mistook the true
meaning of the word "protection." The gentle-
man said that protection had always reduced price.
But was that which reduced price protection ? If i
so, his own constituents greatly misunderstood the
term. Did the gentleman intend his constituents
to understand that by keeping up the present tariff
he should be reducing the price of the goods they
manufactured >
Mr. STEWART said he was willing to make
an issue with the gentleman, but it should be an
issue of fact. He asserted that the effect of im-
posing protecting duties had uniformly been to re-
duce prices; and he could produce a list of more
than eighty protected articles which would prove
it. He agam ehalleuged the gentleman to show
him one whose price had been increased. Here
was tendered to the gentleman an issue of facts.
"Yiould he meet it r
Mr. JOHNSON said he had always understood
protection to mean the enabling those engaged in a
particular branch of business to get higher prices
than they could otherwise obtain.
Mr. STEWART. Not at all. . j
Mr. JOHNSON. Then, what did " protection' i
mean ? If it did not enable a man to obtain a
greater profit than he could get otherwise, what
did it do for him? Was it not that it enabled him
to get a greater price for what he sold ?
Ivlr. STEWaRT. No; it was not getting a
larger price, but getting a larger amount of busi-
ness, a wider market; it was the advantage of im-
proved machinery, increased skill, enlarged sales.
r:'i vper cent, profit on a business of ^5,OtlO a year
was more than twenty per cent, profit on t?1 .uOO.
Mr. JOHNSON said his understanding of the
term was, that it was meant to build up the weak,
who could not get along without some aid from the
Government; and that it aided this weak portion
by draining aid from other portions of society. If
the gentleman meant what he said, he fancied the
people of Pennsylvania did net so understand it.
.far be it from him to express or to feel any disre-
spect for that ancient Commonwealth; he cherished
a great attachment for her; but he could not but
feel astonished that she should send here a man
who u;ave such a definition of protection. The
conclusion seemed very clear that Pennsylvania
could not realize the same amount of profit without
as with a tariff of protection. Had not the gentle-
man shown that the effect of such a tariff always
was to reduce prices ? If so, how was she to be
built up in her interests ?
Ivlr. STEWART said he had slated facts: pro-
tective duties had reduced prices; let the genti#
man disprove them if he could. They had reduced
burdens and taxes; and the gentleman, on his own
principles, ought therefore to unite with him in
eulogizing and sustaining the protective policy.
Mr. JOHNSON said that articles free of duty
had also fallen ill price. What was it that reduced
these? AH were familiar with the fact. How
did the gentleman account for it ?
Mr. STEWART said the gentleman had asked
him a number of questions: he should like to ask
the gentleman one in his turn. Had the price of
produce and the price of labor declined in the same
proportion with the price of protected manufac-
tures? They had not. Competition, improved
machinery, and augmented skill, had reduced the
price on the latter; and the increased demand re-
sulting from protection had increased the price of
the former. Could the gentleman deny it ?
Mr. JOHNSON said that, as the gentleman had
answered himself, he presumed he was excused.
He was still induced to think that when the tariff
came to be understood by the honest yeomanry of
Pennsylvania, they would be satisfied with such
protection as could be derived from a revenue ta-
riff. When they got to understand the effect of
such protection as a revenue tariff would give, they
woulJ be even more than satisfied. Pennsylvania
wanted a stable policy. Let the amount necessary
for revenue be fixed, and then lay a tariff to meet
it, and the protection that could be enjoyed under
it would satisfy Pennsylvania. She was blessed
in a larger degree than many of her sister States.
She was blessed with extensive beds of coal and
mines of ore, and in such abundance as to furnish
a supply so long as the world should last. She
had a mild and healthful climate, and abundant
stream's and water power: then she had al! the im-
provements derived from the introduction of steam,
and added to ail the crowning blessing of a rich
and fertile soil. Such a tariff as would supply the
wants of the Government would be abundant to
satisfy a people thus favored of Heaven.
The gentleman had introduced some very singu-
lar illustrations—and if ever a speech was remark-
able for its incoherence and its glaring contradic-
tions, it certainly was that which the gentleman
had delivered with so much zeal and animation.
He had undertaken to prove what good protection
did: he had stated what he understood protection
to mean; he had explained it one way, and drawn
his inferences in a way directly opposite. Let us
talk practically and plainly, according to common
sense. Mr. J. then put the case of a little com-
munity, consisting of a shoemaker, a tailor, and
tanner. The gentleman said they must be pro-
tected against the pauper labor of Europe, because
these paupers could make and sell leather, for ex-
ample, cheaper than our tanners could tail it. Very
well. Congress extended its arm to protect them:
and how aid it do it? It laid a tax of fifty per cent,
on imported shoes. What did that mean? It
meant that the shoemaker must sell his shoes for
fifty per cent. more. So the same protection was
extended to the tanner and to the tailor. They
were all protected alike. What did such protec-
tion amount to ? To just nothing at all. For when
the tanner went to the shoemaker to buy a pair of
shoes, he had to pay him fifty per cent, more for ,
them in consequence of the protection; and when
the shoemaker1 went to tlie tanner for leather, he
had to do the same; and both had to do so when
they went to the tailor for their clothes.
As among themselves, the protection was noth-
ing: it was°all a nullity. But round about this
little community of mechanics there was a coun-
try filled with farmers; and, as respected them, the
protection was something more than a nullity.
To them it was a serious reality, for they were
fleeced whenever they wanted shoes, leather,-or
clothes; while they themselves remained unpro-
tected, and got no "more for their grain. Did this
Government mean to proceed on .a principle like
this? Would it build up one interest at the ex-
pense of another? Was that the object for which
this free Government of ours had been created?
He thought not, and the people thought so ton.
Take another case. Here were two brothel's, to
whom their father gave tc-n thousand dollars each.
One went to the North, and became a manufactur-
er; the oiher to the South, and became a planter.
He asked where in the Constitution was the
power of Congress to tax the one brother, and
transfer the amount of the tax to the pocket of
his brother? To urotect the brother in the North,
and tax the brother -in the South? Would the
gentleman from Pennsylvania put his finger on
any clause in the Constitution which authorized
a proceeding like that ? Could he show its justice ?
It could not be done. Talk about protection!
Was this the way this Government was to in-
terfere to occasion inequality among the citizens
of the same country equally entitled to its protec-
tion? He believed the people were not prepared
for protection of that kind.
And what was the practical operation of the
system? We found the manufactures of the
United States going—where? Notwithstanding
this so much-dreaded pauper labor of Europe, we.
found articles manufactured in the United States
going where that labor was, and competing with it
on the spot, after paying the duties imposed by a
tariff. They went in like manner into all the do-
minions of Europe, competing with the manufac-
turers of Great Britain. Yet gentlemen turned
round and told him that our labor must be pro-
tected. Would the people submit to this? Now
was the time to settle that question. He believed
they would be well satisfied with a revenue tariff.
Mr. STEWART wished to ask the gentleman
one question. /The gentleman said our cotton
goods went to Liverpool and London; how much
cheaper did he suppose they could be sold if the
protecting duty was taken off? How, then, is the
duty a tax? If we send these goods to Liverpool,
surely they could not be sent any cheaper if the
duty was repealed. This only proved that we
made the article here cheaper than in any part of
the world.
Mr. JOHNSON said that was a sum in the sim-
ple rule of three. If they could sell cheaper in
England than English goods, after paying duty
and charges, could they not afford to do the same,
here at home in the United States: The case was
plain.
The gentleman had attempted to associate his
doctrine of protection with the influence of great
names. He had referred to Washington, and
Jefferson, and Madison, men who had filled great
offices in the country, so that by the power of such
names to give to his own random, incoherent, hel-
ter-skelter speech, some degree of force. And he
told the committee that Andrew' Jackson, too, had
recommended protection; and he read .an extract
from the well-known Coleman letter. But when
had that letter been written ? AC a time the coun-
try had just come out of-a trying war, and was
ninety-two millions in debt, aria could not pay. It
was true that at such a time Jackson did recom-
mend a tariff for the protection of such things as
