38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dee. 10,
IN SENATE.
Wepnesday, December 10, 1845.
Mi. LEWIS presented the petition of Titian R.
Peale, praying to be indemnified tor losses incur-
red by the wreck of the Peacock, at flic mouth of
the Columbia river; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of Catlin. Peoples & Co., to
be indemnified for losses of property by the Creek
Indians, in 1836; winch was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON presented certain joint
resolutions of the Legislature of Delaware, oh the
subject of an tippropi union for the improvement of
the mouth of Malion's river.
The resolutions were referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. .T. M. CLAYTON submitted the following
resolutions, which lie over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
erecting a fortification for the defence of the break-
water harbor, near the entrance of Delaware bay.
Resolved, That the Committee oil Military Af-
Perkins, Margaret Corvvm, and Elizabeth Elhs,
for pensions.
By Mr. SEVERANCE: Protest of John Spmg
and ninety others of Casco, Maine, against, the
admission of Texas,, for various reasons, and par-
ticular] y with a constitution supporting and perpet-
uating slavery.
Petition of the heirs of Judith Worthcn, for ar-
rears of Pension.
Petition of Samuel Corry, for invalid pension.
By Mr, GORDON: The petition of Col. Jehiel
Tuttle, for an invalid pension.
Petition of the Hon. N. 1£. Wheeler and sun-
dry members of the Court and Bai of Delhi, New
York, praying that the 10th volume of the Laws
of the United States may be compiled by the Clerk
of the House of Representatives.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The memorial of numer-
ous citizens of Ohio and Kentucky, praying for
an appropriation by Congress, annually, of one
million of dollars, for the improvement of the
Western rivers.
By Mr. MORSE : The petition of Wilmcr
Shields, in behalf of the heirs of Thomas Shields,
late purser m the United States Navy, praying for
a pension.
By Mr, McCLELLAND; The petition of Capt.
John Martin, of Detroit, for arrears of pension,
&-c.
By Mr. MclLVAINE; Remonstrance of Euos
Penuock and 20 others, George Palmer and 12
others, and Jeremiah Evans and 10 others, citizens
of Chester county, Pennsylvania, agamst the ap-
pointment of Chaplains to Congiess.
Also. Remonstrance of William Jones and 133
others, John Gnirin and 93 others, and David
Lloyd and 73 others, inhabitants of Pennsylvania,
against the admission of Texas as a slave State.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Massachusetts: From
the tiles of the last Congress, the petition of Holmes
& Pedrich and of Pierre Gideon, of Massachusetts;
and presented the following petitions fioin Massa-
chusetts:
Of H. D. Johnson, for compensation for ser-
vices rendered as Judge Advocate.
Of Daniel Sampson, for compensation for loss
of sight in the service of the navy.
Of A. J. Locke and others, inhabitants of Charles-
town, for abolishing the liquor ration in the navy.
By Mr. GR1NNELL: The following petitions:
Of citizens of New Bedford, for buoys to be
placed in Buzzard's Bay and vicinity.
Of citizens of Falmouth, Massachusetts, for an
appropriation to preserve the harbor of Gieul
Wood's Hole.
Of citizens of Chatham, Massachusetts, against
the admission of Texas. j
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The manorial of [
the Court and Bar of the city of Chicago, tiiat a !
lUth volume of the Laws of the United Stales nuy j
be distributed by the Clerk of the House, as the ;
former volumes have been.
Also, the claim of John Otis, taken from the
files.
Also, the claims of Gcoige Hollenback, George
B. Hollenback, Elscy Ackley, P. Cunningham,
William Brook, and William Harris.
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of erecting a fortification on Pea Patch Island, in
the river Delaware.
Mr. LEVY introduced a bill to establish Courts
of the United States, and provide for th6 due ex-
ecution of the laws of the United States, in the
State of Florida.
The bill having had its first reading,
Mr. LEVY expressed a hope that the Senate
would permit the bill to receive its second reading
at this lime. He was induced to press this re-
quest, because it had been discovered that there
was a defect in the existing laws, in consequence
of which no courts could be held, and all suits
were suspended. It was, therefore, of great im-
portance to the ends of justice that the bill wliich
he had introduced should be acted on with all pos-
sible expedition. He would therefore ask of the
Senate that the bill maybe read a second time, and
referred to a committee.
There being no objection to this course, the bill
was read a second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE introduced a bill to apply
certain alternate sections of the public domain to-
wards the completion of works of internal im-
provement in the State of Michigan, and for other
purposes.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public.Lands.
Mr. LEVY submitted the following resolutions,
which lie over under the lule:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the Senate what number of
agents are employed for the preservation of timber,
the amount of salary paid for such service, the
authority of law under which they are employed,
and the fund from which they are paid; also, the
amount of allowances of every description made
within the last five years m the settlement of ac-
counts of said agents, or otherwise, connected with
this branch of the service; the number of suits or
prosecutions instituted within the same period for
trespasses upon the public lands, the result of such
suits or prosecutions, and the cost and expense in-
curred by the United States theicin, including the
amount of damages paid by the United States with-
in the same period for illegal interference by the
aforesaid agents with private rights.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be required
to transmit to this body a copy of the map of Flor-
ida, recently prepared in the Bureau of Topograph-
ical Engineers.
Mr. BREESE introduced the following bills;
which were read a first time:
A bill for the relief of William Elliot, jr.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Pierre Menard and others, sureties of Felix St.
Vrain, deceased.
A 1 nil for the relief of the legal representatives
of Pierre Menard, An tome Peltier, and Joseph
Placy.
A "bill to establish a collection district at Chica-
go, in the State of Illinois.
Mr. HANNEGAN introduced a bill for the
continuation of the Cumberland load in the States
of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON submitted the following
resolution, which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate such infor-
mation as he can obtain in regard to the expedi-
ency of erecting a light on the stone pier in the
river Delaware, near""Fort Mifflin.
Mr. DIX introduced a bill to authorize the Sec-
retary ol' the Treasury to make an arrangement or
compromise with M. M. GLuackenboss and his
co-obligors, or any of them, for claims on bonds
given by them as sureties to the United States.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the person or persons elected
printer to the Senate shall be required to sign" an
agreement to do the printing of the Senate at not
less than twenty per cent, under the prices fixed
by the act of 1819, when the number of the docu-
ments does not exceed five thousand, and thirty-
three and a third per cent, less when the number
exceeds five thousand; and when the same person
or persons shall be elected printer to both Houses,
i no allowance shall be made for double composi-
tion, or setting up, of the same document,
Mr. SPEIGHT rose to inquire if there was not
j a law regulating the price which should be paid for
the printing of the Senate,
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON. The resolution lies
over until to-morrow.
Mr. BARROW submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to inform the Senate to what extent the raft in the
Red river, in the State of Louisiana, has been re-
moved under the contract made with Mr. Wil-
liamson; and whether any work is now being done
to remove said raft; and also, what further appro-
priation of money by Congress is necessary to
the entire completion of said work.
ADMISSION OF TEXAS.
Mr. LEWIS gave notice that he would on to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill for the admis-
sion of Texas into the Union.
Mr. TURNEY expressed, his hope that the
Senator from Alabama would be permitted to in-
troduce the bill of which he had given notice, at
this time. It was of much importance that imme-
diate action should take place on the subject.
Mr. LEWIS said that, if there was no objection,
he would himself prefer to introduce the .bill at
tlijs time. It was very important that it should be
passed without delay. There were a great many
goods in the city of New York, which had been
prepared for the Texas market, and they could
not be shipped at present without being subjected
to heavy duties.
No objection being made—
Mr. LEWIS introduced the, following bill for
the admission of Texas into the Union; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary:
A bill for the admission of the State of Texas into
the Union.
Whereas the people of Texas have, through
their deputies in convention assembled, agreed to
the terms and conditions of the joint resolutions of
Congress, approved March 1, 1845, providing fbr
annexing Texas to the United States; and whereas
the said people of Texas have also, by their said
deputies in convention, adopted a republican form
of government, by forming a constitution, agree-
able to the requirements of said joint resolutions;
and whereas the same, together with the condi-
tions of annexation, have been ratified by said peo-
ple of Texas by their vote at the polls:
Re it therefore enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States in. Congress as-
sembled, That the republic of Texas be, and the
same is hereby, admitted as a State into the Union,
on an equal footing with the original United States,
m all respects whatsoever; and that, from and after
the passage of this act, the civil and military juris-
diction of the United States Government be ex-
tended over said State of Texas.
-Mr. J. M. CLAYTON submitted the following
resolution; which lies over, under the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
appropriations for the improvement of the har-
bors of Newcastle, Port Pcnn, Delaware citv* and
of the Christiana, in the State of Delaware." - "
A message was received from the President of
the United States, enclosing a report from the Sec-
retary of War, in reply to a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the _ 3d of December instant, requesting infor-
mation with respect to the practicability and utility
of a fort or forts on Ship Island, on'the coast of
Mississippi.
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, the message and
documents were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr- SPEIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That, the Senate will to-morrow pro-
ceed to the election of a public, printer."
The resolution lies over, under the rule; but
Mr. SPEIGHT expressed his hope that .no ob-
jection would be made to its consideration at this
time. Unless some good reason existed against
its adoption, he trusted it would be passed. If it
were laid over, the effect would be to postpone the
election, to the inconvenience of the Senate, as a
considerable quantity had been^ordered to be exe-
cuted. • *'
Objection being made, the resolution lies over.
