1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
for being excused from voting, but was showing
letters which he had received from one of the can-
didates.
Mr. PETTIT repeated his denial.
And the CHAIR, decided that the reading; of the
letters, to which the gentleman had referred, was
irrelevant, and therefore out of order.
Mr. PETTIT said he had not read any letters,
nor did he propose to read any. [Much laughter.]
The papers he held "in his hand were not letters.
[Increased merriment.] He had said that he
wished to be excused from voting because he was
afraid a man would be foisted on him whose doc-
trine and practice he could not approve; which
was a very good reason. He was afraid a man
might be elected who was far too much engaged
in electioneering, for the honor of the Christian re-
ligion. Another reason was, that he wanted to
offer another amendment, which should make the
expenditure constitutional, by requiring members
to pay the chaplain out of their own pockets.
Mr. HENLEY again rose and observed to the
Chair that it was most evident that this whole
procedure on the part of his colleague was a mere
farce. He had been pronounced by the Chair out
of order, and ought, according to the rule, to take
his seat.
Mr. PETTIT said'he had the floor.
Mr. HENLEY said that, in stating his reasons,
his colleague was taking a latitude which did not
comport with the position of a member asking to
be excused from giving his vote.
The CHAIR pronounced the reasons of Mr.
Pettit to be irrelevant. The gentleman was out
of order, but might proceed in order.
Mr. HENLEY reminded the Speaker of the
rule which declared that when a member had been
pronounced by the Chair out of order, lie must
take his seat, and could not proceed in his re-
marks unless by the express permission of the
House.
Mr. PETTIT said he had a right to procecd in or-
der. [Much laughter, and cries of "Stick to it!"]
The CHAIR read to Mr. Pettit the rule ap-
plying to the case.
Mr. HENLEY insisted on the rule being en-
forced.
The SPEAKER ordered Mr. Pettit to take
his seat; and the question being put on his having
leave to proceed, it was decided m the affirmative:
Ayes 71, noes 62.
So Mr. Psttit was allowed to proceed.
Mr. P. resumed, and said his tirst duty was to
return his thanks to the House for the indulgence
they had accorded to him. He should cast no
reflections, and in token of his gratitude should
occupy the time of the House but a few moments.
He had desired to offer another amendment, to
which he had alluded, but from which be was de-
barred by the rules of the House. The subject of
it, however, was well known. In support of that
amendment he had meant to read certain papers,
which had been sent to him, but this he should not
do. He was, on this resolution, opposed to voting,
because, if he did, he might then be compelled to
vote for*an officer which he deemed unconstitu-
tional; he might be compelled to put his hand into
the public treasury and- pay for the promulgation
of doctrincs which he did not approve. The Sen-
ate wns a very learned body, and very religious;
they had. no doubt, chosen a religious teacher of
the right denomination, or they would do so; they
were older men, and wiser and more learned, and
better men than the members of the House. They
were, r o doubt, well able to judge as to which was
the right doctrince, and which was the apostolical
succession. They would get the best chaplain,
and then the House would be driven to take a sec-
ond, or a third, or a fourth rate man, because he
happened to be of a different denomination. For
these reasons he asked to be excused from voting.
Mr. McCONNELL moved that Mr. Pettit be
excused. And the question being put, it passed in :
the affirmative. i
So Mr. Pettit was cxcused from voting. j
Mr. CHXPMAN rose, and was about to address i
the Choir, when the Speaker reminded him that
the previous question had been ordered, and that
no debate could be permitted.
Mr. CHIPM AN said that he had risen to move
that he also might be excused from votmg, and he
wished to give briefly his reasons. He knew that
in taking the eourse he did he might subject him-
self to the censure of perhaps a majority of the
House. He did not, however, mean to treat the
question with anything like levity or disrcspect;
but whenever he was callcd on to act with the
Constitution on one hand, and his personal safety
on the other, he had but one alternative. If any
gentleman could show him any authority, either
constitutionally or otherwise, to vote the people's
money to such a use as that contemplated m this
resolution, he was prepared to vote for it most
cheerfully; but until then, neither to promulgate
the gospel nor any other creed, would he take the
money of the people and apply it to any unconsti-
tutional purpose. lie knew very well that in this
case precedent might be pleaded, and gentlemen
might refer to the uniform practice of the House;
but with him precedent dia not weigh one straw.
The Constitution was his guide; and though it
could be shown that the House had been per-
petually in the breach of that instrument from the
very foundation of the Government, be was ready
to take all the consequences of refusing to vote, and
he hoped the House would aliow him to sit in
silence.
Mr. McCONNELL moved that the gentleman
be excused from voting; which was agreed to, and
he wa3 excused accordingly.
The question then recurring on the adoption of
the resolution—
Mr. PETTIT inquired of the Chair whether it
would be in order to offer a substitute? [Much
laughter.] He had been informed that the clergy
of this city were very desirous of officiating with-
out pay or compensation of any kind.
Mr. P. demanded the yeas and nays; but the
House refused to order them; whereupon the reso-
lution was adopted.
PETITIONS.
The SPEAKER renewed the call of the States
for the presentation of petitions and memorials,
commencing with the State of Massachusetts,
where the call rested yesterday at the adjourn-
ment.
M"r. ADAMS, having the floor on this subject,
offered a remonstrance of similar character to sev-
eral yesterday offered by him, protesting against
the annexation of Texas to the Union as a slave
State—remarking that, as the Committee, on Ter-
ritories, to whom had yesterday been referred pe-
titions of this character, had this morning made a
report of a joint resolution on the subject, it was
improper to make further reference to them. He
moved to refer the remonstrance to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McCONNELL moved its lei'trence to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. ADAMS called the yeas and nays on this
motion. He repeated the reasons, as above, which
had induced him to move this change of reference,
and said it was matter of great indifference to him
to what committee thee.e remonstrances were sub-
mitted. His only object was to have a decision of
the House upon their prayer; and he only wished
to take that course to pay due respect to the pe-
titioners, and to give them an answer to their
prayer. !
Mr. McCONNELL withdrew his motion. i
Mr. BOYD moved to lay the remonstrance on I
the table. j
The SPEAKER. This being a privileged mo-
tion, will take precedence.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON wished xo know of the
Chair if the proposition for the admission of Texas
into the Union was not before the House—having
been reported from the Committee on Territories
this morning; and if it had not been made the
special order of the day for Tuesday next5
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. HOUSTON. And this remonstrance is on
the same subject, and the motion to lay it on the
table is to have it remain before the House with
the joint resolution?
The 'SPEAKER. The motion is to lay the re-
monstrant on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume the object of the
gentleman m this motion was to have the remon-
strance renia:n where it is-—-before the House.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman ihat
debate on this motion was not in order.
The question was then taken,and decided in the
affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson,
Barringer, Bayly, Bedinger, Bell, Biggs, James A.
Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Brodhead, Milton Brown,
WilliamG. Brown,Burt, Cabell, Cathcart, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke,
Collin, Constable, Crozier, Cullom, Cummings,
Cunningham, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Jefferson Da-
vis, Dobbin, Dockery, Douglass, Edsall, Erdman,
Faian, Foster, Fries, Garvin, Gentry, Graham,
Grover, Haralson, Harmanson, Henley, Hoge,
Hopkins, John W. Houston, GeorgeS. Houston,
Edmund W. Hubard, Hunter, James H. Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn
Jones, Kennedy, Thomas Butler King, Lawrence,
Leake, Leib, Ligon, Lumpkin,Maclav, McClcan,
McClernand, McConnell, McDowell, IVlcGaughey,
John P. Martin, Morse, Moulton, Nrven, Norris,
Owen, Parish, Payne, Pendleton, Perrill, Perry,
Price, Reid, Relfe, Ritier, Roberts, Russell, Saw-
yer, Seddon, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H.
Simms, S.mpson, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Stanton, Stephens, Strong, Sykes, Thibodeaux,
Thomasson, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tib-
batts, Toombs, Trcadway, Trumbo, Wentworth,
Wick, Wilmot, Woodward, Woodworth, Yancey,
Yell, Young, and Yost—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams,
Ashmun, Baker, Benton, James Black, Blanchard,
Brinkerholf, Buffington, Win. W. Campbell, John
G. Chapman, Coilamcr, Cransioo, Culver, Dar-
rugh, Delano, DcAIott, Dixon, DunLin, Ewmg,
Foot, Giddings, Goodyear, Gordon, Grider, Grin-
nell, Hamlm, Hampton, Harper, Hernck, Elias
B. Holmes, Hough, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson,
Washington 'Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph "R.
IngcrsoJh Jenkins, Daniel P. Kins:, Preston King,
Lewis, McClelland. McHenry, Mcllvaine, Marsh,
Morris, Pollock, Ramsey, Julius Rockwell, John
A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Sawtelle, Scammon,
Schenck, Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith,
Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Starkweather,
Stewart, St. John, Strohm, Benjamin Tnompson,
Tilden, Vance, Whcaton, White, Williams, Wm-
throp, Woodruff—72.
So the remonstrance was laid on the table.
Mr. Adams presented a number of other peti-
tions and memorials of various kinds, and for
various purposes; and having" at length reached the
bottom of the pile, took his seat, with the remark
that, " to his great satisfaction, he had got through
his budget."
OBITUARY.
Mr. HARA1ANSON, of Louisiana, rose and
addiesscdthe House as follows:
It is, indeed. Air. Speaker, a painful duty I have
to perform, to announce to this honorable body
the dem<se of one of its most gifted members, my
friend and predecessor, Gen. J. B. Dawson, of
Louisiana, member elect to the ^9th Cniigrosd.
He was called into public life, Mr. Speaker, at
a very early age; and, guided by his noble nature,
embraced iiic JdiVrsonian doctrines, ihe great hit-
mmizing cause of equal rights; and heiervcntly
believed, sn, if fairly carried out, they would pro-
duce a higher civilization, a more perfed happi-
ness, a more refined virtue, and a larger hbeify,
than has yet f.Jlcn to uhc l<>t of man. And. to at-
tain those great ends, he labored with a en-
ergy, and ability, that gave him the unbounded
confidence of his friends; and his great court^sv,
frankness, and noble bearing, won him the admi-
ration and esteem of his opponents. Ye% Mr.
Speaker, he had his faults—some thought, grave
faults. But, sir, they were so overshadowed by
his many great virtues, that his friends, at least,
were blind to them. He was h:giily intellectual,
accomplished, generous, and brave. Of .the Let n-
est sensibility, he ever had a tear of sympathy for
the afflicted and oppressed. His purse was ever
open to relieve distress. As to fear, he was an
nrier strangpr to it. Indeed, sir, he was ihe very
soul of chivalry. He is gone. Air. Speaker: he is
gone, sir, cut off in the meridian of his hfe, in the
zenith of his usefulness. His frail constitution
sank under your cruel northern blasts. Bat he had
the great consolation of reaching his beloved home
—his beloved Tunica hills—and there to meet and
mingle with his relatives and friends; and, Mr.
Speaker, their hearts sank within them when they
beheld bat the wreck, the shadow, of thc.ii I* clovcd
Dawson. They saw that his days were numbered;
but hope, that great comforter, had not dcsened
him. Pie promised he would soon get well. God,
