42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 11,
sii, willed it otherwise. And, Mr. Speaker, in the
closing of his days he had the holy satisfaction of
being surrounded by devoted friends, and an angel
wife, to smooth his pillow, to sooth and comfort
him ; of drawing his last breath in her arms, and
giving her his last, long, farewell look. His grave,
Mr. Speaker, was attended by all the surrounding
country, rich and poor, political friend and politi-
cal foe. All paid tribute to his many virtues, and
all forgot he ever had faults.
Mr. H. concluded by moving the following reso-
lutions:
1. Resolved, That this House has heard with
deep sensibility the annunciation of the decease of
the Hon. John B. Dawson, a member elect of this
House from the State of Louisiana, who died at
his residence in that State in the month of June
last.
2. Resolved, That this House tenders to the sur-
viving widow and relatives of the deceased the ex-
pression of its sympathy on this bereavement;
a id, as a testimony of respect for the memory of
the deceased, the members and officers of this
House will wear crape on the left arm for thirty
days.
3d. Resolved, As a further mark of respect for
the memory of the deceased, that the House do
now adjourn.
These resolutions were adopted unanimously. li
And the House adjourned.
Of G-. F. de la Roche, for the payment of certain
expenses incurred while in performance of certain
public duties.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of New York: The pe-
tition of Bates & Lacon, for indemnity for illegal
seizure of iron.
By Mr. STROHM: The memorial of Joseph
Preston and twenty-five others, citizens of the
counties of Lancaster and Chester, in the State of
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the appoint-
ment of a Chaplain by Congress.
IN SENATE.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were this day presented,
and referred, under the rule:
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The petition of the heirs
of_ Philip R. Rice, deceased, formerly of King
William county, Virginia, and late of Bracken
county, Kentucky, praying compensation for a
vessel lost in the scrvice of the United States in
the war of the Revolution.
By Mr. W ENTWORTH: The petition of An-
drew Ferguson, for increase of pension.
By Mr. DE MOTT: Remonstrances of citizens
of Huron and Rose, New York, against the ad-
mission of Texas as a State into the Union with
the slavery feature engrafted on her constitution.
By Mr. JULIUS ROCKWELL: The remon-
strance of 73 legal voters of New Marlborough,
Massachusetts, against the admission of Texas as
a State.
Also, the remonstrance of 28 inhabitants of
Great Harrington, Massachusetts, against the ad-
mission of Texas as a State.
By Mr. THOMAS BUTLER KING: The pe-
t'tion of Pacificus Ord, praying for compensation
tor services rendered as a clerk m the office of the
Solicitor of tlie Treasury.
Also, the petition of William Fuller, mail con-
tractor, for services rendered in 1834, on route
2,358. from Augusta, Georgia, to Savannah.
By Mr. GORDON: The petition of David Sage,
for an invalid pension.
By Mr. MACLAY: The petition of the heirs of
Silas Duncan, for a navy pension.
Also, the petition of Michael Johnson, praying
for payment for provisions furnished the army at
Plattsbiirg in 1814.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of Joseph
Watson, and that the accompanying papers now
in the office of this House be withdrawn there-
from.
By Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL: The petition of
G. T. Beyer, for indemnity of property taken by
the British during the late war.
By C. J. INGERSOLL: The petition of Robert
Grady, for indemnity for the loss of the schooner
Engle, taken from liim for the public service m
1813.
Of David Myale, for remuneration for services,
&c., in promoting the manufacture of domestic
water-rotted hemp.
Of Robert Sewall, for indemnity for property
destroyed by the British during the late war.
Of John Pettibone and others, foi the benefit of
an act extending a patent right. i
By Mr. ROBERT SMITH: The petition of :
T-Tenry M. Shreve, for compensation for the use of
his snag-boat. j
By Mr. MACLAY: The petition of Satterlee j
Clark, for settlement of his public accounts. j
Of J. W. Simonton and others, for compensa- i
tion for the use and occupation of Key West for !
public purposes. I
Thursday, December 11, 1845.
Mr. Webster appeared in his seat to-day.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial from Edwin
Bartlett, of the city of New York, praying relief
for losses of United States bonds; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DIX also presented a memorial from sun-
dry bankers and merchants of the city of New
York, asking that a branch of the United States
Mint maybe established in that city.
In presenting this memorial, Mr. DIX desired
to state, that the memorialists were all connected
with the banking establishments of the city; and,
among the names, he recognised those of many
individuals who had rendered the country valuable
sen ice in 1837, in bringing back the banking in-
stitutions of the State to a faithful discharge of
their pecuniary obligations, and resisting all at-
tempts to prolong the suspension of specie pay-
ments, during that period of general depression
and distress.
Although the establishment of a branch mint in
the city of New York, at the place of the largest
importation of the precious metals, would be of
yreat advantage to the community, yet it would
lie productive of no pecuniary benefit to the me-
morialists themselves, as it would be evident that
one of its immediate consequences would be to
withdraw from their vaults the bonds deposited
with them by the Government, and to lessen their
, profits. Not deterred by these considerations, the
!j memorialists ask for the establishment of this
i branch solely with a view to the public conveni-
ence, which would be greatly promoted by it.
The coining would then be done at the place of
importation, the metallic basis of circulation would
be enlarged, and, as is contended for, and anx-
iously desired by many of our soundest finan-
ciers, greater solidity and safety would be infused
into the institutions with which they are con-
nected.
He had considered it proper, in performing his
duty to the memorialists, to make these remarks,
ia illustration of the object Avhich they have in
view. He would only add, that he trusted the
considerations which he had stated, together with
the strong and pointed reference to the subject by
the Secretary of the Treasury, in his annual re-
port, would secure for the memorial the early and
delibera te attention of the committee to which ho
would ask its reference.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the memorial was then
referred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed.
DEATH OF JOHN B. DAWSON.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, informing the Senate that resolutions
of respect had been passed in memory of the late
John B. Dawson, of Louisiana, a member of the
House.
The message having been read—
Air. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, rose and said,
that the message from the House of Representa-
tives, just read, imposed upon him the duty of
moving the ordinary resolutions on such occasions,
as a mark of respect to the memory of his deceas-
ed colleague, the Honorable John fi. Dawson, late
a member of the House of Representatives. The
deceased had .suffered much during the last winter,
having had a severe attack of illness, which con-
fined him to his chamber for several weeks before
and after the adjournment of Congress, His dis-
ease was greatly aggravated by the rigor of the
climate here, as well as from his injudicious efforts
to attend to his official duties, for he was always
zealous and faithful in the discharge of his duties
to his country. As soon after the close of the ses-
sion of Congress as he was able to travel, he set
out on his return home, and reached his residence
in Louisiana in a very feeble condition, where he
lingered in great pain, which lie endured as became
a Christian, until the 16th of June last, when, sur-
rounded by his family and friends, he calmly re-
signed his soul to his God who created it, soothed
in his last moments by the benign influence of the
Christian religion—the Christian's hope.—the
sweetest consolation in the hour of death.
In the course of the last two years (said Mr. J.)
Louisiana had mourned the loss of three of her
distinguished sons, who were at the times of their
death members of this and the other House of
Congress. The names of Porter, Bossier, and
Dawson, will ever be held in grateful remem-
brance by the people of Louisiana. Indeed, with-
in that short period, an unusual number of the
members of both Houses of Congress have been
gathered to tlicir_ fathers, admonishing us of the
uncertainty of life, and of the necessity of being
always prepared to meet our fate.
The deceased (said Mr. J.) had received many
distinguished proofs of the respect and confidence
of the people of Louisiana. lie had been repeat-
edly elected to the Legislature of the State; twice
to the Congress of the United States; and when
first elected to Congress he held two important
offices under the State: he was Major General of
Militia, and was distinguished as an active, gal-
lant officer; and he was Judge of the Parish Court
of the Parish in which he resided—a court possess-
ing high and important functions. He discharged
the duties of all these situations in a manner highly
honorable to himself and pleasing to the people of
Louisiana. Whatever were his faults, (for no
man is free from faults,) they are buried with
him, there to be forgotten, whilst his many virtues
will long be cherished in remembrance. To a
bland and affable disposition, he united .great firm-
ness and decision of character. No man was ever
more totally exempt from sordid or selfish pro-
pensities. He was, in fact, generous to a fault,
and lie possessed in an eminent degree the best
feelings of the human heart. Brave, patriotic,
just, magnanimous in all his transactions, he was
beloved and admired by his numerous friends.
Although it so happened (said Mr. J.) that, we
had long been opposed in politics, feelings of a
friendly character uniformly existed between us;
and it affords me pleasure on this occasion to bear
testimony to the many high and generous traits of
character with which he was endowed. But you
are aware (he said) that this is not the time or
place for a lengthy eulogium on the character of
the deceased. Thus much, however, he felt to be
due to his own feelings, as well as to the memory
of the deceased.
Mr. J. then submitted the following resolutions,
which were agreed to:
Resolved, That the Senate has received with deep
sensibility the message from the House of Repre-
sentatives announcing the death of the Hon. John
B. Dawson, a Representative from the State of
Louisiana.
Resolved, unanimously, That the members of the
Senate, from a sincere desire of showing every
mark of respect to the memory of the deceased,
will wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty
days.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect fop
the memory of the deceased, the Senate do near
adjourn.
On motion of Mr. M ANGUM, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 11, 3845.
The Journal of yesterday was read, and having,
on motion of Mr. ADAMS, been so amended as
to state the fact that the several remonstrances
agsiinst the annexation of Texas ax a slave State*
presented by him yesterday, were laid on the table,
in accordance with the disposition, by a distinct
vote of the House, of the first of a series of similar
petitions heretofore presented by him,—was ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order of
business to be the call of the States for petitions
and memorials.
Several members claiming the floor for other ob-
jects,
