44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12,
PETITIONS, &c.
The following notices of Petitions, Memorials,
&c., presented this day, under the rule, have been
handed to us for publication:
By Mr. WINTIIROP: Of John M. Williams and 219 others,
legal voters of Boston; and
Of Daniel Fo^kit and 67 otheis, of Wiihraham, Mass.
ByD. P. KING: Of J. W. Fomiss and Jul) others; of Win.
Black and 59 others; of 1,414 citizens ot Axueabury, Dan vers,
Essex, Gloucester, Hamilton, Lynn, Manchester, Marble-
head, and Kockport, Massachusetts.
By Mr. GRINNELL: The petitions of 169 citizens ofPro-
viacKtown; 24 or Barnstable; 95 of Chatham; 100 of Ostei-
villo; 102 ol Centreville; 81 of North Sandwich; 75 of
Monument; 13G of Truro—a 1 of Barnstable county, Massa-
cuusetts.
Also, the petitions of 537 citizens of Abzngton; 1G5 of
Duxbury; 202 of Kar-t Rridgewater and Ahington; 208 of
lianovei; 58 of Hanson; -Itfof Plymouth, Eel river; 13o ot
Plymouth IVorth; 159 of West Bridge water—all of Plymouth i
county, Mai-^adiUDCtt.-. j
Also, the petition of 39 citizens of Trisbury, Dukes coun- i
ty, Massachusetts. I
Also, the petition of 45 citizens of Nantucket county, 1
Mas-aehuseUs. |
Also, the petitions of 402 citizens of New Bedford; 146 of ;
Notion; 107of ilayuham—all of Bristol county, Massachu-
setts.
By Mr. HUDSON: The petitions of 167 inhabitants of
"Winchendon; o; Lewis S. Clark and 88 otheis, of Noith-
brid<>?; of tfamu-'l May and 733 others, ot Leiceftei; ot Lu- j
croua Caldwell and 157 others, of Ashbumham; of N. S. I
Ciaik a id )20 otli-^jof Noithbridgp; ot Geoiite Tiask and j
20d others, ol Wan en; of Thomas Snei! and 237 others, of j
North J3iookfie!d; of John White and 207 other.-, of West- J
minuter; of Charles Barret and 101 others,of Asiiburnhsi.ni ; i
of57 inhabitants of Burhn; 4U0 ot Gardnei; of242 of Giat-
ton; of 320 ot Leomin-tci; ot 378 of Noithboiough; of £4 of 1
Oakham; oi' 4b0 of Princeton; of G9 ot Rpcneri; of 134 of
Upton; of 223 of WeNtboroush; of 342 of West Boylston ; of ■
815 of Worcester—all of Maj-sachu*etts.
By Mi. ^FVEIIANCK: The petition of Luther Russell and 1
19-1 others-, citizens of Franklin county, Maine j
ALo, the petition ot William Emmons and 74 others, legal
voters ot Hallo well, Maine, of all paities.
By Mr. ABIIMUN: The petition ot "William Allen and ,
160 others, inhabitant? of Northampton; of Joseph layman ,
aau others, of Northampton; of Stephen S. Nels-oii and 44
others, of Amlieist; of Eh B. Clark and 30 others, of Spriug-
IL'id; of loS citizens of Bnmfield; ot 194 of Palmei; of98
otiiei> of Pahuei; of 66 citizens oi Springfield; ot 114 of ■
We^t Springfield; of 130 of Cmmiigton; of 212 others of :
Cuunugtoii; of 06 citizen-* of Iladlt/y; of 94 of Norwich;
of 58 of Ware—all of Massachusetts.
By Mr. FOOT: The petition of sundry citizens of Man-
chester, \ anion t; of sundry citizens of Landgrove, Vermont. !
By Mr. OOLLAMEli: The petition of Ilobart Ciam and j
107 othei<; of Andrew Petti ^rew, jr. and 46 others; of Daniel
IJunhnsUon and 13-3 otheisfof R. S. Batesaud 357 others; of
r.lnathan iSawf'l, ,r. and 46 others; of Chailes Matsh and
33'i ot^'T-i; of D Bu-jbec and 138 others, citizens of the
fc?tAto of Vermont. j
By Mr. GOUDON- The pet'tion of Abner G. Bmke, Her-
man O. Gould, Clrule^ Hiithaway, and lOd other citizens of
the county of Delaware, N-nv Yot k.
By Mr. PslEaTON KiXG: Of citizens of Lisbon and
Madud. St. fiawrer.ee county, j\ew "York: a^o. of citizens
of Canton. Now i"o:!c; aho, of citizens of Leulen, Lewis 1
counts. \ew York.
Jjj Mi. JF.Na.1N'? • Of sundry mhamir.nt-', male and fe- 1
Ui.jl", oi the i )'\n Tiei't'U'j ^iiciii'ico'iniv.N'w Yiu'v.
!>3 ^ 5 r GIUTK Of A P ivviy and 13 o+'m r>. ot Me-
dina county, (>!no; of John Adam* and 93 othei-=, of Wa\ ne
oupty, N ->w Yoik: of Benjamin Foils and oilier-, of iVcw-
"ioik; of John Jrhie'do .rid 62 other-', of Ohio, <■.' Lklcii A.
Ta'-kai-d and 19} oth'-rs, ofM-tdnd, New York. :
LyMi .1. 'lOOICWELL: From citizen* ot Massachusetts !
i>\ Mr. 1C7VG, of Ma^ielin^-nx: The petition of John !
P. Andrew^ .e.d 100 othe/s, of S.uem, Massachusetts for a '
Coa::i05-^ of Nations for the settlement ot national d^put^s. ■
Also, the petition of Asahel Huntington and 54othei-, for '
the ir«ne ^ 1
By Mr. WlNTIfROP: The petition of the arfHN of Bos- !
ton, that Con.'nv.^s wouid purclm^e Stuajt's poiiiaits of tile
ft\'" in .-r Pi e-ident'of the TTuited States.
'i hr p 'tiuni, of Ebenezer Atwill, oi'Mnssachut-ctt^. for ro-
m-iiieuifvon for looses, wa^ taken lrom the files, and refeired
to riie appropiure couimittee. :
Ij} Mi. i-'OOT: rj'he pitition of TVnison 1'ieeinan, play-
ing foi an iioiird pen-ion
F-y Mr. V\ 0( >]): A nrttit>nu of nieuibei"'8 of the f'omt and
Br-r o;" the eily ot Alliany, New York, praying that a tenth 1
vopnoe of the Laws of the United may 1>^ compiled
b\ the Clerk of the Hou-e of Repiesematives, and the usual 1
number disti Jmted.
1>\ Mr. CllAATSTON: The petition of Small C. W^n- :
wnrvl. fo'- compensation for revolutionary si-rvice^ rendered :
by 5k;i' lathei.
A! o, the petition of Samuel Allen, late Collector of Bris- !
tol. Pl-ode I;,huv\.
Uso. thn petihon or'Ehslii Dver nnd othei=. for an appro- |
p,-;ihon to dear owl and rleepen Piovidence Haibor.
Also, the petition ot Samuel Gladding, ior diawback du- !
ties on ,£u:;~3. i
Also, toe petition ^f fhrt Union Bank of Piovidence. lor |
payment of ennm Trea-uu Note*.
Al'o,the petition of Philip Allen and others, for indemnity
foi French spoliations.
ALo, the petition of AndJey Clarke and othei*. for indem-
mtv ior Fioneli spoliations.
Also, the petition of David Melville, admimstinnn of IV n- ,
jammFiy. j
Also, the petition of Byron Dim an and others, for an ap- !
proDiuitioii to build a custom-house .it Bi i-tol, Rhr.'i^ Island, j
Also, the p"tition of Ehslia W, Buckling and othcr-i, for :
an approDu-ition to improve the navigation of the Black-tone I
liver, between Pawtucket Falls and the mouth of said liver. '
Also, the bill to construct a military road from Fort Ad-
ams to Newport, in the State of Rhode Island.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: The petition of Eliphas C.
Brow.a, for an invalid pension.
Also, the petition of Z. King, for compensation for ser-
vices.
Also, the petition of Asa Sprague, for relief.
Also, the petition and papers, of Thomas Brownell.
Ry Mr JENKINS, of New York • The petition of Frede-
rick Gibb*, of Oneida county, New York, praying for a pen-
sion in consideration of services in the army of the United
.States in the revolutionary war.
Also, the petition of Samuel Cochran, of Vernon, Oneida
county, New York, praying for a pension in consideration
of disabilities incurred in the service of the United States in
the war of 1812.
By Mr. POLLOCK: The petition of William Randall, of
Northumberland county, Pennsylvania, asking for a pen-
sion.
Al-^o, the petition and documents of John P. Schuyler, of
Lycoinm? county, Pennsylvania, for a pension.
ByMr.'itUNK: The memorial of Alexander M. Cum-
min?, of Pnnccton, New Jersey, late mail contractor, piay-
mg for an equitable adjustment of his accounts for services
rendered, &o.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The petition of George Taylor,
for indemnity on account of French spoliations prior to
1800.
By Mr. TTBBATTS : A supplementary petition to the pe-
tition of the practical steam engineers and others, of the
city of Cincinnati, Ohio.
Also, the petition of sundry steamboat owners and offi-
cers, merchants, traders and producers, and citizens of the
valley of the Ohio and Mississippi, praying that Congress
mav pass a jaw authorizing the purchase of the individual
stock in the Louisville and Portland Canal Company.
By Mi. GIDDINGS: The petition of S. S. Orban and
93 other-, praying tiiat no person may he admitted to a seat
as a member of the House of Representatives who has not
resided «cven years in the United States.
Also, the potit'onof Benjamin Hanna, Aaron Parker, Ann
Biattin, and Elizabeth Newpoit, a committee on behalf of
the Ycarlv Meeting of Fuends in Ohio, for the abolition of
.slavery withm the Territories under the jurisdiction of the
Federal Government, nnd against the admission of any new
State into the Union whose constitution tolerates slavery.
By Mr. JAMES B. HUNT: The petition of Charles D.
Malley, of Mackinaw, Michigan, and 39 othei citizens, for
the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers.
On motion of Mr. ROBERT SMITH, the papers in the
cases of John W. Hackett, Peter Shaffer, the heirs of Wm. \
Arnold, deceased, John Stone, Wm. McCauley, and Isaac |
Barton, were withdrawn from the tiles of the House, and
severally referred.
Mr. RAMSEY asked and obtained leave to withdraw the
petition and papers of Jane Ffiitenbaugh.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 12, 1845. *
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday, which consisted, for the most part, of
notices of petitions, &c.; when, on motion, the
further reading- was dispensed with, and the Jour-
nal was approved.
On motion of Mr. MORSE, of Hjouisianu, it
was
Ordered^ That when the House adjourns to-day,
it will adjourn nnt:3 Mo-id ay next.
Mr. HUNGEIIFORD rose and said, that yes-
terday, on the question of laving on the table the
memorials presented hy Mr. Cujaer, from Wash-
: Hilton county, iNew York, praying- for the aboli-
: tion of slavery and the slave-trade m the District
of Columbia, he (Mr. H.) had voted in the aiiirm-
ouvc. Pie gave that vote under a misapprehen-
sion of the question. He intended to have voted
in the negative, and now asked permission to
change his vote.
Peimission having been given, the vote was
changed accordingly.
OBITUARY.
Mr. MILTON BROWN rose, and addressed
the House a* follows : j
Mr. SpEA.kh.it: It becomes my unwelcome duty
to announce that another member of this body '
hns been tran.-ferred from time to eternry. On the 1
]'?lh of November last, IV. Joseph H. Peyton- ,
died tit his residence, in Tennessee. He was my
colleague, and intimate iviend. When 1 left home', 1
I expected to meei him here, and renew the
interchange of a mutual friendship, which I was ■
proud to know was deep and sincere. X was also !
made *he hearer to him oi messages of affection
and friendship fnin others. T5ut, alas! on my i
waylicie,! received the sad intelligence that lie 1
wjs no more! And now, instead of delivering i
messages of affection and friendship, and inter- ;
ohano-inu- salutations to chidden the heart, I am j
charged with the ruclanoholy duty of moving for
appropriate honors to the memory of my de- ;
ccased friend. " * ;
Dr. Peyton was comparatively yonne, and in ;
the full career of distinction for himself, and use- '
fulness for his country. To high intellectual pow- '
er he added energy of character and moral quali-
ties which' gave him a commanding influence with
those associated with him, both in public and pri-
vate life. He was distinguished for firmness in
what he believed to be ri^ht, and for unshaken
integrity and purity of purpose in all his actions.
In proportion to his noble qualities was the almost
unbounded confidence and affection of his friends.
The hearts that beat for him moved with no or-
dinary pulsation. In the Senate chamber of his
own State, and on this floor, his clear and vigor-
ous intellect, and the noble and generous qualities
of his heart, had won for him an enviable distinc-
tion. His constituents were proud of him; and
he stood among them without a rival. They had
but recently passed on his conduct, and renewed
shis commission with evidences of decided, appro-
bation. In his domestic circle he had the full
measure of earthly happiness to a heart like his,
in the unbounded affection of the accomplished
companion of his bosom, and the offspring of their
mutual love. His earthly cup was full—full of
all that makes life, for the present, desirable, and
full of all that seemed to throw light and hope on
the future. But an all-wise and inscrutable Provi-
dence has called him away; his seat on this floor
is vacant; and his hitherto happy home is deso-
late, and hung with the weeds of mourning. Such
is the uncertainty of human life.
Dr. Peyton was one of the best and most affec-
tionate of husbands, of fathers; and Heaven, in
its mercy, permitted him to breathe his last sur-
rounded by the cherished objects of his tenderness
and affection. This must have been consolation
to him in a dying hour, and will be some consola-
tion to those lie has left behind him.
In conclusion, I offer the following resolutions,
viz:
Resolved, That this House has heard with deep
sensibility the annunciation of the decease of the
Hon. Joseph H. Peyton, a member elect of this
House from the State of Tennessee.
Resolved, That the House tenders to the surviv-
ing widow and relatives of the deceased the ex-
pression of sympathy on this afflicting bereave-
ment; and, as a testimony of respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, the members and officers of
this House will wear crape on the left arm for
thirty days.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect for
the memory of the deceased, the House do now
adjourn.
The resolutions having been adopted unani-
mously,
The House adjourned until Monday next.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following Petitions were presented this day
under the rule:
Bv Mr. HELFE: Two memorials from the General As-
sembly of Missouri, relating to the swamp lands of New
Madrid and the St. Francois river; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed;
and the petition of the le?al representatives of Julian Du-
buque, praying the confirniauon of a tract of laud granted to
Julian Dabuque by the Baron de CarondcLt, Intcndant
General ot the Province of Louisiana, on the 10th November.
179G.
By Mr. OALEP, B. SMITH • A re-monstrance against the
admission of Texat> as a slave State, signed by Jesse Rey-
nold^. and 450 others, citizens of the £tate of Indian; also,
a remonstrance .>f the same character* signed by James C.
Cook and -r>0 others, citizens of the State of Indiana; also,
the petition of Georee Hickman, praying the parage of an
«K-t allowing him a pension for disabilities incurred as a sol-
dier in the late war: referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
By Mr. WHEATON: The remonstrance of J. G. Forbes,
E. B. Wicks, find 132 other citizens of Onondaga
county, New Yoik; also, of Caleb WhnfVrd anil S3 othef<,
citizens of Manlm«, Onondaga county. New York ; al-o. two
of Charles II. Kali and 160 other cmzcn« of On?co. Unon-
dacra county. New York : also, of Joel Komiv and 60 other
citizens of i,afayette. Onondaga county, N«-w York; all of
which lemon^tiate against the admission of Tex ^ as a St<Ue
of the Union, with a confutation ^hieh shall recognise
slavpiy.
By Mr. A. JOHNSON : Petition of .lt=sc Calhs. of Green
county. Tennessee, praying Conere-r to crant him a back
p^n-hm. See.; which was refeired to the Committee on In-
valid Pension**.
By Mt. HENLEY: Petition of James L. Loyd, praying
for an increase of his pension on account of^ouoda ro
ccived durintrthe hire v ar, accompanied by a letter from the
Hon,Levi Woodhmy, ^ecrehuy of the Navy: referred to
the Comjnitt.' > on h'vahd Pon>ion=,
By Mr. WILLIAM?: The petition of Anthony Merchant
: and oiher^. im the erection of beacons upon certain ledges
: in the PenoWot hay: referred to the Committee on Com-
| mercc. The remonstrance of citizens of the town of JLuhee,
: m the ^to.te of Maine, against the admission ofTexa* a?- a
slave State.
