46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
exercises a moral influence, in the hour of danger,
which, if not power itself, is its surest ally. Thus
far, ours is untarnished; and let us all join, how-
ever separated by party or by space, so to preserve
it.
If we cannot recede, can we stand still? No,
Mr. President; in this, as m ail the other elements
of national power and greatness, our duty and our
destiny are onwards. We might as well attempt
to stay the waves of the Pacific, as to stay the tide
of emigration which is setting" towards its shores.
If this Government had the disposition, it has not
the power to arrest this human current. But it has
neither—neither the power nor the disposition to
doit. There are questions of public light, which
may rest in abeyance; which are not called into
daily exercise; and need be asserted only when
required. But such is not the right by which we
hold Oregon. We must maintain it, or abandon
it. A vigorous and enterprising people are fast
increasing- there, who will possess the country by
the best of all titles—that of occupation and im-
provement; and if we do not provide them a Gov-
ernment, they will provide one for themsehes.
Already necessity has compelled them to organize
their civil society, and to make those arrangements
for the preservation of order, without which no
civilized community can exist. It is only a few
days since they ma(fe known to you, by a judicious
anil well-written memorial, their condition and
their wants; and asked your interposition to re-
move the serious difficulties with which they find
themselves environed. And think you, that jf
their prayer is unheard, and their grievances un-
redressed, and if the present state of things con-
tinue, that you will find a distant colony patiently
awaiting your tardy movements, and ready to ad-
mit your jurisdiction when you may be ready to
exercise it? No; they will feel themselves neg-
lected, cast oft", left to their own resources, the vic-
tims of diplomatic chicanery or of national pusilla-
nimity, and they will seek their own security m
their own power. That great tiuth, not applica-
ble alone to republican governments, but common
to all, and winch lay at the foundation of our own
Revolution—that protection and allegiance are re-
(iprocal—will soon be heard upon the hanks of the
Columbia, and will inspire the councils of the
hardy pioneers, who, while they have sought a
new home in a distant country, have earned with
them the sentiments of true liberty to the regions
beyond the Rocky mountains.
It is clearly impossible that the present state of
tilings should continue; nor, I must confess, do I
see how it is possible that a community, inhabit-
ing the same region, and possessing the same light
to every pari of it, can hold a divided allegiance,
and be governed at the same time by two distinct
and distant sovereignties. When the present anom-
alous provision was made, the country was un-
settled; for the few hunters who roamed over it
could hardly be dignified with the name of settlers;
and it probably never occurred to the negotiators,
nor to their Governments, that this arrangement
would outlive the then existing state of things, and
would come to operate upon a civilized, a station-
ary, and a rapidly-increasing community.
But what kind of order can a double-headed Gov-
ernment preserve? How aie its departments—le-
gislative, executive, and judicial'—to be administer-
ed? Plow are rights to be enforced, or wrongs to
be prevented or punished? Two neighbors, living
within hearing of each other, are responsible to
different tribunals, and governed by different codes
of laws. An American killing an Englishman must,
be tried by an American court and by Amcncan
laws. But how arc English witnesses to be sum-
moned, or English disturbers of the proceedings of
the court to be removed or punished? Possessory
rights are to be judge,d by the courts of the party
last gctnng possession. Contiaets are to be en-
forced by the courts of the party charged with vio-
lating them. And wrongs are to be rediessed, or
satisfied, or punished by the courts of the party
accused of committing them. A single American
in the midst of an English settlement, or a single
Englishman in the midst of an American settle-
ment, bears with him a charmed life. Pie may do
what he will, and as he will, but he is beyond the
reach of restraint, and almost of punishment. He
is iiivulneiable, and the arrows ot justice cannot
pierce even his heal. The nearest magistrate who
has jurisdiction over him maybe hundreds of miles
removed; and were he nearer, his national sympa-
thies might naturally be excited in favor of his
countryman. There can be no regular grants of
land—none, in fact, of those public improvements
essential to the progress and stability of society. I
present merely the most general views of this sub-
ject, but they are sufficient to show how impracti-
cable it would be to attempt to establish tins dou-
ble jurisdiction. It would be easy "to pursue the
investigation much further were it necesssary.
Who does not see that bitter disputes would
soon arise? That each party would accuse the
other of partiality and injustice ? That violence
and bloodshed would follow, and that an intestine
war would establish the ascendency of one or other
of these rival and national parties ? All this is so
plain that he who runs may read. And we are
warned by the surest instincts of our nature not to
trust our rights and oui cause and the cause of hu-
manity to such a partition of authority.
If, then, Mr. President, we can neither retrace
our steps nor check them, we must go onward.
And England has placed herself in the path that is
before us; and if she retain her position, we must
meet her. If the last proposition she has submit-
ted is her ultimatum, it is effectively a declaration
of "war. Its advent may be delayed a few months;
but as soon as the notice expires, if she persists, as
she will do, m lier occupation of the country, the
struggle must commence. It is not the notice
IfrbicU is a belligerent measure, for that is a treaty
right; but it is the subsequent and immediate
course the parties will probably pursue that must
lead to war. I hope—or I ought rather to say T
wish—that England would awaken to a sense of
her injustice, and would yield where she could
yield honorably, and ought to yield rightfully.
But will she do so ? It is safest to believe she will
not, and this dictate of prudence is fortified by
every page of her history. When did she volun-
tarily surrender a territory she had once acquired, |
or abandon a pretension she had once advanced? j
If a few such cases could be found in the record of i
her progress and acquisitions, they would be but !
exceptions, which would render the general prmci- j
pie of her conduct only the more obvious. For :
my own part, I see 110 symptoms of relaxation in [
the claim she has put forth. And the declarations 1
in X^arluunent of the leaders of the two great par-
ties that divide her Government and her people— j
Sir Robert Peel and .Lord John Russell—show a [
union of opinion, and foreshow a union of action, j
shotild action be necessary, rarely to be found in !
the political questions that agitate her councils, and
are the index, if not the assurance, of an equal una-
nimity in public sentiment.
In the London Morning Chronicle of April 5tli,
is the report of the proceedings 111 Parliament of
the preceding day, 011 the receipt of the President's
Inaugural address. I hold the paper in my hand;
and, as the discussion was a pregnant one, and
ought to be a warning one, 1 shall take the liberty
of reading a portion of it.
[Here Mr. C. read extracts from the paper con-
taining the remarks of Lord John Russell on what
he consideied the spirit of aggrandizement dis-
played by the Government and people of the Uni-
ted States, in their course respecting the annexa-
tion of Texas.]
Mr. C. then continued: Here, sir, we find the
leader of the great Wing party, in his placo in Par-
liament, in eii'ect denouncing the course of the
United States m the annexation of Texas, because
it tends towards territorial aggrandizement; and
the eternal cant about British moderation and phi- J
lanthropy, and American injustice and ambition, is j
heard, and read, and believed in every corner of
the British dominions. I must confess, sir, I am j
heartily tired of it. Were the subject and its con- 1
sequences not so important, these declarations j
would excite ridicule, as they now excite reirret t
and surprise. They are not confined to ordinary |
political discussions and to the journals of the day, :
but they come from the highest men, 111 the high- ,
est places. And here is on eminent English states-
man asking the Administration what course they
intend to puisue m the altered policy of the United
Stales, as he terms it—as though the voluntary i
union of two independent people upon this con- ,
tinent were an injury to England, which demand- I
ed her immediate attention, and might demand
her armed interposition. And he tells us, he un- j
derstands that communications have been sent to
the United States, to Mexico, and to Texas, on j
the subject of what he calls the new policy of the ,
United States. And we know that those com-
munications to Mexico and to Texas contained,
large offers to prevent annexation, But, thanks to
the onward course of our Government, and to the
feelings and determination of the Texian people,
this interposition was fruitless; as was the com-
munication to Mexico, if this were designed to
embroil1 us with that country. The well-timed
rebuke, administered by the President in his Mes-
sage, to the French Government for its interposi-
tion in our affairs with Texas, .might, with equal
justice, have been administered to England; and
I presume would have been so, had not the Presi-
dent looked upon the.course of the one Power as
natural, judging from past events, while the course
of the other was unnatural, impolitic, and unex-
pected.
But this Whig lecture of Lord John Russell upon
the ambition of the United States, and these per-
petual eulogiums upon the moderation of England,
are in strange contrast with the practical principles
and the progress of her empire. The moderation
of England, and the ambition of the United States!
Why, sir, the world has never seen, since the fail
of the Roman empire, such a colossal power as
England has built up. She has girded the earth
with her fortifications, and covered the ocean with
her fleets. A comparatively narrow island, off the
western coast of Europe, s&e numbers as her sub-
jects 153,000,000'of people—being more than one-
sixth part of the human race; and has reduced to
her subjection 3,800,000 square miles inhabited by
them, being one-eighth part of the habitable globe.
And in the long series of her acquisitions, from the
reduction of Ireland downwards, with the excep-
tion of her union with Scotland and some recent
discoveries in the South Sea, I believe all have
been gained by the sword. And when has it hap-
pened in her history, that a people, or the smallest
fragment of a people, has voluntarily sought peace
or protection under her sovereignty? Her armies
and fleets have too often been "sent out wherever
there was a people to be subdued, or the fruits of
their industry to be secured. I have no pleasure
in dwelling upon this course of ambition. I have
no pleasure in national crimination and recrimina-
tion. I had far rather dwell upon all she has done—
and she has done much—to command the gratitude
of mankind, and much for the progress of civili-
zation, of improvement, and of knowledge. But
we cannot shut our eyes to the fact that this coun-
try and its institutions enjoy little favor in England.
That there is a systematic attack upon our charac-
ter, and upon what we are, and have been, and
upon our future, so far as it is given to foresee and
to fear it. I confess all this has produced a last-
ing impression upon me; and I feel little disposed,
in any controversy with that country, to submit to
unjust demands, urged in a spirit of unfriendliness,
if not of menace.
And if England is moderate, we are ambitious !
Why, sir, we have made but three acquisitions of-
territory since we have been a nation. And these
were not distant colonies, but coterminious regions.
And all three have been made peacefully, blood-
lessly. Two were colonies belonging to European
monarchies, where the assent of the people to the
transfer of their allegiance could not be asked.
But they have since shown their satisfaction by
their patriotism, and their prosperity has been the
reward of it. Nowhere is the Union more prized,
nor would it anywhere be more zealously defend-
ed. The third and last, and most glorious of these
acquisitions, is now in the progress of completion,
by the voluntary action of a neigboring people,
who knew the value of our institutions, and sought
to participate in them, and who asked admission
to our coniederacy. And we shall receive them
with open arms. And it is an encouraging spec-
tacle to the lovers ot freedom through theworki,
and the best tribute that could be offered to its
value.
I said, Mr. President, that this was the latest,
•l y^e ^ ^ie hist of our acquisitions.
VV hue I would sacredly respect the just rights of
other nations, I would cheerfully extend the juris-
diction of our own, whenever circumstances may
require it, and wherever it can be done without in-
justice. I have no fear that an extension of territo-
ry will weaken our Government, or put in peril our
institutions. We have an adhesive and a life-pre-
serving principle, in the exercise of political power
by the great body of the people, which is a surer
bond of union and preservation than fleets and
