1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
armies and central powers. If this Administra-
tion could crown its labor of acquisition—and in
what it has done it has labored with not less abili-
ty than success-—by the peaceful annexation of
California, it would secure imperishable honor for
itself, and would command the lasting gratitude of
the whole country.
But I will again advert to the Morning Chronicle,
to show the spirit of the discussion in the British
Parliament, and the views taken by the British
statesmen of their own claims to Oregon and of
ours.
Lord John Russell said: 44 The President of the
4 United States has made, as I have already read to
s the House, a peremptory claim to the whole of
4 this territory. He has claimed the whole posses-
4 sion of it for the United States, and has, in an
4 unusual manner, called upon the people of the
4 United States, with their wives and children, to
4 occupy that territory. That district is becoming,
4 on account of the ports on the Columbia river,
4 more important every year. After that statement
4 of the President of the United States, I consider
4 it impossible that her Majesty's Government
4 should not endeavor to obtain a speedy solution
4 of this question. I am sure they will feel it im-
4 possible to allow the present undefined and un-
4 settled state of relations between the two coun tries
4 to continue without danger; that the people of the
4 United States, acting upon the suggestions of the
4 President, may endeavor to disturb British sub-
jects in rights "which they hold in virtue of exist-
ing treaties, and may produce a state of things
4 dangerous to the peace of the two countries. For
4 my own part, I will say, in all moderation, that I
4 am not prepared to say that this country ought
4 to put forward any arrogant pretensions. I do
4 not pretend to define—what it properly belongs
4 to her Majesty's advisors to define—the diplomatic
'proposal* that should be made. I wiHnotpro-
4 tend to say what line ought to be laid down; but
4 this I will say, that I do not think we can make
4 any proposal which will be less than the proposal
4 made by Mr. Canning, (that was the line on the
4 parallel of 49° to the'Columbia near its mouth.)
4 with any regard for our own interest or our own
4 honor. [Cheers.] 1 may be told that it does not
4 matter if this rocky and barren territory should
4 be claimed, or occupied, or taken by the United
4 States. Yes, sir, 1 must say it does matter.
4 [Cheers.] It cannot be a matter of indifference
4 that a large territory, to which we have a better
4 and a justcr title, should be yielded to what I
4 must call a blustering announcement on the part
4 of the President of the United States. It cannot
4 be matter of indifference that the communication
4 between that country west of the Rocky moun-
4 tains and China, the East Indies, and the whole
4 of South America, should be surrendered at once
4 to a foreign Power; but, above all, it cannot be a
4 matter of indifference that the tone of the ehar-
6 acter of England should be lowered in any trans-
4 action we may have to carry on with the United
4 States.''
Sir Robert Peel said: 44 As this subject has been
4 brought under discussion, I trust not improperly
4 by the noble Lord, I feel it my imperative duty,
4 on the part of the British Government, to state, in
4 language the most temperate, "but, at the same
4 time, the most decided, that we consider we have
' rights respecting the Territory of Oregon, which
4 are clear and irresistible. Wc trust still to arrive
4 at an amicable ad justment of our claim; but, hav-
4 ing exhausted every effort for the settlement, if
4 our rights shall be invaded, we are resolved and
4 we are prepared to maintain them." [Loud and
continued cheers from both sides of the House.]
Lord Clarendon said, in the Bouse of Lords :
44 No assertion was, I believe, ever made with
4 more truth than that our case is free fiom all
4 doubt.1'
Lord Aberdeen, the Foreign Secretary of State,
said: 44 Should it be otherwise, I can only say
4 that we possess rights which, in our opinion, are
4 clear and unquestionable; and, by the blessing
4 of God, and with your support, those rights we
4 are fully prepared to maintain." [Loud cheers
from all sides.]
Under these imposing circumstances, we may
well ask of the watchman, what of the night? "We
may well inquire, what we ought to do. I take it
for granted we shall give the notice recommended
by the President; for if we do not, we shall leave
the people of Oregon without a government, or
with an impracticable one; and, in either event,
the country is lost to us; and the notice being
given, in twelve months, without an abandonment
of a large portion of her claim, we shall find our-
selves involved in a war with England. And it
will be no common war, Mr. President; it will be
a war not merely of interest, but of strong and
stormy passions, growing out of the relative situa-
tion of the two nations, and out of the very points
of resemblance, which will but render the separa-
tion of the parties the wider, and the .struggle the
longer and the bitterer. It will do no good to shut
oui eyes to the prospect before us. Danger can
neither be averted nor avoided by indifference, nor
by presumption. Let us look our difficulties and
our duties fully in the fare. Let us make prepara-
tion adequate to the conjuncture. Let us exhibit
to England and to Europe the spectacle of an un-
divided people, anxious for pcacc, but ready for
war. In the language of Mr. Madison, "let us
4 put the United States into an armor, and an atti-
' tude demanded by the crisis, and corresponding
4 with the national spirit and expectation."
One war has already found us unprepared. And
what that condition of things cost m blood, and
treasure, and disaster, those of us who went
through the struggle can well remember; and those
who have come upon the stage of action since that
period, may learn from the history of the times.
And, perhaps to a certain extent, this must be so,
and always will be so. We are all opposed to
great military establishments in time of peace.
They are as dangerous as they are expensive.
And they will therefore never be engrafted into
the peimanent institutions of the country. But
when war threaten?, we should commence our
preparations, and press them with an energy and
a promptitude e nmniensnrate with the danger.
The President has dischaiged his duly ably,
patriotically, fearlessly. Let us now discharge
ours—not by words merely, but by deeds. The
best suppoit we can give him is to respond to his
declarations by our actions. It is my fnm con-
viction, and 1 do not hesitate thus publicly to
avow it, that the best, if not the only hope that
we have of avoiding a war with England is by
exhibiting a public and united determination to
prosecute it, should it come, with all the energies
that God has given as, and by an instant and seri-
ous consideration of the preparations necessary for
such offensive and defensive measures as may be
required, and as prompt an adoption of them as a
just regard to circumstances may demand. Our
country is extensive. In many portions of it the
population is sparse. The fiontier, both Atlantic
and inland, is long and exposed.
Our defensive works are unfinished, and some
of them are unfurnished. 1 do not know, but I
fear that many important branches of supply are
inadequate. Our navy, and especially the steam
portion of it, is not upon a scale commensurate
with our wants, if war is almost upon us. That
navy fought itself into favor, and its country into
honor, in the seemingly unequal and almost des-
perate struggle into which it so gallantly went m
the last war. And another contest would find it
equally true to its duty, and to the public expecta-
tions. I tiust the time will never again come, when
it will be a question in a great crisis, whether the
navy shall be dismantled and rot in our docks, or
whether it shall be sent out to gather another har-
vest of glory upon the ocean. It is the materiel
for military and naval operations it is first neces-
sary to procure. Men we have ready; and such
is the patriotism inherent in the American charac-
ter, that they never will be found wanting m the
hour of difficulty and of danger. Our nnlitia re-
quires a new antl an efficient organization. It is
a reproach to us that we have suffered this impor-
tant branch of national defence to become so ineffi-
cient. it lias almost disappeared from the public
view. Both the laws upon this subject and the ad-
ministratian of them, require immediate and severe
examination; for this is one of the great bulwarks
of the country in the hour of danger. It has shown
its patriotism and valor upon many a bloody field,
and the future, if it should need its services, will
witness its devotion to the country, whenever and
wherever, and however it may be tried. Many of
the supplies required for the opeiations of wai, de-
mand time and care for their collection and prepa-
ration; and wc must remember that we have to do
with a people whose arsenals and dock-yards are
filled to repletion; whose supplies are upon a scale
equal to any probable demand upon them; whose
gigantic military and naval establishments an-
nounce their power and maintain it; and the struc-
ture of whose Government is better fitted than ours
for prompt and vigorous and offensive action.
It is in the spirit of these views that I have sub-
mitted the resolutions before the Senate, and in
which I ask their concurrence.
A great responsibility is upon us. We shall
best discharge it by firmness, and by a wise fore-
east, "\\ hieh, while it steadily surveys the danger,
makes adequate provision to meet it. By thus
acting, we shall give a practical approbation of the
course of the President; we shall show to our con-
stituents that their interests are safe in our hands;
we shall speak neither m a deprecating tone, nor
in a tone of defiance, but of firmness, to England;
and we shall give to the nations of Europe a proof
that Republics are as jealous of their rights and
honor, and as determined to maintain them, as
monarchical governments.
Mr. MANGUM lose, and said he regretted ex-
ceedingly that the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan should have brought forward these resolutions
at this time; and more particularly did he regret
that the honorable Senator should have thought it
necessary to indulge in the strain of remarks which
he had thought it proper to use. The honorable
Senator says he has the utmost confidence in the
wisdom and discretion of the Executive.
Mr. CASS. 44 Coincidence of opinion/'
Mr. MANGUM corrected liimstIf. ''Coinci-
dence of opinion"' with the Executive. But ho
was somewhat astonished that the honorable Sen-
ator, who seemed to have such confidence in the
Executive, should have found it necessary to urge
on the Senate, at this time, the adoption of the
resolutions which he had brought fonwrnl. It
could not be doubted that the public mind had
been greatly disturbed and inflamed, uurmg the
recess, bv the rumors which had been .spread
throughout the country concerning the state of
our negotiations with Great Britain on the subject
of Oregon, and a great many good citizens had
been led to believe that we were about to be forth-
with plunged m war. On ln.-s arrival here, and an
examination of the views of the Executive, he felt
great pleasure in saying that he found them marked
by a much greater degree of moderation, and more
pacific in their tone than he had been led to ex-
pect from the tone of the public prints of this city.
He could not, therefore, but consider this a most
unpropitious time for holding the language with
which the honorable Senator from Michigan had
deemed it proper to introduce his lesolutioiis. For
his own part, he was happy to say that the course
; of the Executive in relation to this question had
I given him so much confidence in the wisdom and
! moderation which would characterise the action of
the Executive in the conduct of this difficult and
j important negotiation, that he was willing to leave
i it in his hands, where it properly belongs. Pie
' was willing to leave it entirely m the hands of the
Executive; and if his efforts to conduct the nego-
tiation to an amicable result should fail, and war
should be the consequence, let it come: much
preferable, m his opinion, would it be, gicatly as
war must be deplored, to a surrender of any por-
tion of our rights, or to a compromise of our na-
tional honor. And if war should eventually come,
he would say, for himself and for that portion of the
American people which he represented—although
he prayed that m any case, except when it involved
our national interests or honor, it might be aveit-
ed—whenever that extreme measure shall have
been determined on, and the vote by yeas and
nays recorded on our Journals, that he believed
there would not be found in this Senate, or in the
country a single anti-war man. 'No, sir: differ
among ourselves on all miner questions as we
may, whatever collisions of opinion there may ho
among us on mere party topics, or subjects of do-
mestic policy, whenever aproud, arrogant, and, lie
would add, grasping enemy strikes a blow at us,
or, by trampling on our rights or honor, compels
us to assume a belligerent position, wc shall all be
found acting together, and presenting an unbroken
phalanx, merging all party opposition, and de-
termined to resist the aggression. He prayed that
this greatest of national evils murht not come upon
us. lie was ptafeetly willing to entrust the. nego-
tiation to the President; and he would say that, in
his humble judgment, all agitation of the question—
everything like vituperation or recrimination, was
