48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 16.
only calculated to precipitate us into that condition
."which every man who regarded his country's wel-
fare, every good man on tins, or on the other side
of the Atlantic, must most anxiously desire to avoid,
aud would mosi deeply deplore.
He felt an unwillingness to adopt the resolutions
at this time,because lie could not but regard them,
as it must be known to every Senator that they
were, unnecessarily pressed on the Senate. It
was the duty of the several committees named in
them, without special instruction from the Senate,
to inquire into the stale of the country, and of the
different arms of defence under their charge, with-
out being stimulated to the performance of that
duty by these resolutions. And what good could
result from their adoption? What would be the
result of a reference beyond a mere report? And
if our defences are weak, such a report will be
nothing more than an exposure of our impotent
condition, calculated to invite aggression from an
enemy that was never known to fail to strike, on
what was deemed sufficient provocation, both the
weak and the strong. On the other hand, if our
resources are abundant, and if our preparations
are complete, it would be entirely unnecessary and
unwise to exhibit to the enemy—if we have an
enemy—the actual state of our preparations, if
any stimulation were necessary, he would greatly
prefer that it should come from that branch of the
Goveilniient which has the negotiation in charge,
whose duty it is to give the necessary information
to Congress, and with whom, in some measure,
rests the decision of the question. If the negotia-
tions "were closed—if there could no longer be
cherished a hope of a pacific adjustment—if war
be inevitable, as the Senator from Michigan seemed
to apprehend—he would say, for himself, aud, he
would add, he trusted for every Senator wuh whom
he had the honor to be politically associated on
tins floor, that ten, twenty, fifty, a hundred mil-
lions, the entire resources of rhc country, would at
once be granted, if necessary, to maintain inviolate
our national rights and our national honor. He
trusted, however, that (he whole matter would be
honorably and amicably adjusted. The honorable
Senator Irom Michigan had very recently resided
in the midst of European agitation, m the wry
focus of court intrigues; and this association may
have imparted to his mind atone wbiih led him to
aggravate the difficulties now existing between
Great Britain and (he United States. In tins coun-
try we want no agitation on the subject, nor is any
excitation or stimulation necessary to bring the
people to a proper feeling of their position, and to
the perfect discharge of their duty on all questions
affecting their interests.
He was desirous that the President of the United
States should be left to conduct this whole nego-
tiation on his ofiicial responsibility; and m the
event of this  reat and stupendous ev il—if it be
really about to burst upon us—if there he no way
to avoid if—that he should come with his budget,
and lay it before us, and that the matter should be
discussed with closed doors; and, pursuing this
prudent and dignified course, my life on it (said
Mr. M.) the patriotism of these chambers will sus-
tain tnc Executive to the fullest extent which may
be necessary to sustain the honor and interest of
the country. Let the President do this—not by his
subordinates, not by those who have no direct re-
sponsibility; for the honorable Senator must re-
member that, during the political dynasty of a late
illustrious Administration, of which he was a most
distinguished member, whilst the subordinate offi-
cers of the Govermiif nt—the heads of departments
—amused us with prof >und disquisitions on toe
tarnf, and interesting dialectics on national bank
questions, everybody knew that the Executive
entertained opposite views. None of these amus-
ing dialecticians were responsible. That great man
—for whatever fault i may find with his course,
however opposed 1 was to his political opinions,
T have no disposition to detract from his merits—
was supreme in his Cabinet, and controlled its
policy. 1 refer (said Mr. M.) to that period in
the history of our Government for the purpose of
citing an instance in which the officers at the head
of the departments reported to this body one way,
while every one knew that the views and princi-
ples of the Executive took an opposite direction:
and tins was in a case where the Administration
was said to be a unit. He issued his edicts, and
the bank fell. And, under the parenthetical Ad-
ministration which followed, the same division of
opinions was apparent, and not only between the
Executive and his Cabinet, but there existed a di-
versity of opinions, a conflict of sentiment in the
President himself, who, with the amiable purpose
described m the good book, " Not to let the right
hand know what the left hand doeth," recom-
mended on the one day the very measure which
he vetoed on another.
He did not, however, regard the present Execu-
tive as likely to exhibit such a disposition or char-
acter as his predecessor. Differing as he did from
him, yet knowing his character for personal honor
and integrity—and far be it from him to withhold
from him his just meed of personal praise—he was
willing to leave to him the responsible agency in
this matter. He knows the state of the question;
I and if war is to come, lethim adopt the true course,
with which the honorable Senator from Michigan
is familiar: let him lay his recommendations before
Congress, and they will meet with support from
both sides.
He did not propose to follow the Senator from
Michigan through the whole course of iiis remarks.
He had been called up to make this reply with-
out notice, and felt himself entirely unprepared to
enter upon an elaborate discussion. But he had
felt himself compelled to say thus much by way of
comment on what had fallen from the distinguished
Senator, and to give a brief expression of the views
which were entertained by his constituents and
himself on this important subject. Of the opinions
of even his own associates he was uninformed.
But he was desirous that this negotiation should
be intrusted to the Executive. Let us stand ready
in advance, if necessary, to strengthen his hands,
so that if the blow must fall, it may, in its fall,
strike on the very sensoiiuin of the enemy where
it will be most seriously felt.
Of what advantage is it to tell us that Great Bri-
tain is the sovereign of 153,000,000 of jieople. I
■\\ ill out-brag—I ask pardon for using the word—
the Senaior from Michigan: were she the mistress
of the world 1 would be ready to resist her in any
attempt to trample on our rights or to stain this
Republic with dishonor. Whatever her greatness,
we arc able to meet her; but I trust that the collision
will be avoided, and that every method consistent
with our dignity and honor will be tried to procure
an anneabki adjustment. It would be a deep re-
proach m the present day, that two such enlight-
ened nations should involve themselves in war. It
cannot be justified; and, should it occur, I cannot
(said Mr. fv'L) but consider that the Oregon ques-
tion will be merely the pretext, not the cause of
the war. I know well that the whole world is
at present agitated, divided into two great parties,
heaving and struggling under the operation of two
great adverse principles ot government: the whole
of Christendom is shaking to Us centre, between
iqKibhcanisin, where the power remains in the
people, and where, resting on that basis, the peo-
ple cxerci.se it efficiently; and monarchy, in all its
various forms, whether absolute or qualified.
When the. struggle comes, there is no man in
America whose blood flows warmer or more rap-
idly m favor of republican government than mine.
When 1 sec the whole press on the other side of
the water treating us with a contempt—affected, as
1 believe—with a disdain m which jealousy min-
gles so prominently: and when 1 see our press in-
dulging in a responsive acrimony, I think it is
time this conflict should cease, it becomes the
more important, therefore, that in these Ilalls oui
discussions should be characterized by extreme
caution and reserve, as regards a recriminating
course, while we have-a subject of great delicacy
m agitation. There are, doubtless, circumstances
competed with the history of this country which
have had considerable influence in producing this
excited and unwholesome state of feeling. I am
mduced to believe that at the bottom of it lie these
great principles which I luvie already described,
struggling aud heaving in a state of almost destrue-
ns e antagonism—destructive it might have been to
the principle of fiee government had that not struck
its roots to the very centre of this continent. When
the final struggle shall come, the whole people of
this entire country will be found as one mail. It
will be no sectional nor party struggle. Christen-
dom itself will shake and tremble. Thrones will j;
totter and be overthrown, and dynasties swept j]
! from the face of the earth. I
I I have (said Mr. M.) that confidence in the Ex-
; ecutive which one man of honor has in another. ij
Believing him to be a man of honor, although I dif-
fer from him essentially on all political questions, I
believe he will take that course which the honor
of the country requires htm to take, according to
his best and most conscientious conceptions of
duty. It will be for us tore vise his acts hereafter,
at the end, and not now. "With reference to the
stupendous naval and military force of Great
Britain, why, let me ask, should the Senator ad-.
vert to the unprotected state of our country—to
our ten thousand miles of coast, undefended almost
by a single gun? Let the necessary measures- for
God the contest may never come; but if it should
come, I repeat my confidence that we shall all be
found united as one man. Tsever can we consent
to suffer dishonor, or to surrender our rights. If
it come, can any man calculate the amount of evil
which must result to the civilized world? If we
are in the unprepared state which the Senator de-
scribes, possessed of her enormous power, Great
Britain will at once strike a blow which will be
felt through our whole country, sweeping the
whole of our Atlantic coast like a sirocco. Let us
suppose all this; and let us suppose, further, that
on our inland frontier the merciless savage were
let loose upon us, inflicting on man, women, and
child, their most terrible inflictions of human ca-
lamity; let us suppose all this, and then let us
be sure that when we have reached this point,
the whole power of our country will be put in re-
quisition, the national spirit will be effectually
roused in defence of our desolated homes, ana,
with all our mighty resources, we should soon ex-
pel the invaders forever from our shores. I do
not want her possessions on this continent—I
would not have them as a gift; but, in the event
of such a desolating war, every vestige of British
territorial possession on the soil of this continent
would be effaced forever.
In reference t9 California, did the honorable
Senator from Michigan speak as he did with a
view of conciliating Great Britain, and, by thus
soothing her feelings, paving the way for our Gov-
ernment to bring this negotiation to a favorable
issue? When lie reaches out one hand to Oregon,
and in the other holds California, was it for the
purpose of producing this impression? We all
know that the aggrandisement of this country has
been looked at, on the other side of the water,
with deep jealousy and mistrust. This is proved
by too many circumstances to admit of a doubt.
Do we propose to obtain California? It would, in
that case, be quite as wise and judicious if the
Executive would bring the project to maturity
without publishing it abroad—to make it the theme
of speculation and controversy, by announcing it
here with the affected design of stimulating the
President, and, in efiect, setting all the Powers of
Europe to work, in anticipation of our purpose,
and affording them the opportunity to counteract
it. The interference of these Powers in the an-
nexation of Texas was to me quite as insulting and
as offensive a movement as it was to anv other
man in the country. Strictly speaking, they had
the right to do as they did. He would, however,
go a step further, and say, that, beyond the rights
and possessions which they now have on this con-
tinent, it was the duty of every American citizen
to rise up and oppose every further attempt at the
colonization of portions of this continent by any
Power that n<ftv exists under the sun.
In rising, he had merely designed to confine him-
self to this short and desultory exposition of his
own views and those of his constituents. He had
no intention to speak for eny other gentleman on
this floor; but, for himself, he would add, that,
whether in his character of a public representative
or a private citizen, he would never suffer himself
to be placed in a position where his feeling as an
American could be called in question. He went
for the Union, and for every part of the Union;
and, on this ground, whatever our domestic diffi-
culties, he stood by the side of the Executive.
But he took this position with an ardent desire to
see it maintained with moderation, calmness, and
justice, and ■wuh proper respect and deference on
ooth sides. In his opinion it would be monstrous,
in tins state of advanced civilization—now, in the
nineteenth century, when the world has, for so
many years, laid aside the sword, converting its
spears into pxuning-hooks and the sword Into
ploughshares, or into the more ingenious median-
