GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress; 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1845.
New Series....No. 4.
ismswhich have proved so conducive to the com-
fort aftd happin<Jss <>f the' human race,—in such'an
advanced condition of circumstances, he repeated,
it wouldf indeed, be monstrous, in his opinion, that
a country almost at the end of the earth,-and not
only so remote, but the title to which is, disputed
®n both sides,, should become the subject of a war
which must inevitably inflict on both the disputing
powers the most stupendous and appalling evils.
Sincerely did he hope that this controversy might
be adjusted without a resort to such an evil. He
trusted and believed that it would be so. But,
should war come, he would again say, it would be
the result of the antagonism of our republican
principle to' the European system of government,
and would be the signal for involving half the Eu-
ropean world in the conflict in opposition to these
great Democratic principles which have infused the
generous spirit of liberty throughout our Union,
and made us so great and powerful a confederacy.
It would be gratifying to him if these resolu-
tions were permitted to lie over for the present.
Petitions and memorials have flowed in upon us
like an inundation, and the committees to whom it
is proposed to refer the various subjects, have not
yet been appointed. He trusted, therefore, that
the resolutions might'lie over, to allow a little
further time for reflection. His only objection to
the adoption of the resolutions, at this time, was, to
avoid that publicity which might provoke an addi-
tional exasperation of the public mind—an exas-
peration which it was the duty of every man to
check, rather than to aggravate. Whatever was
done or said on this floor would be subjected to a
severe scrutiny on the other side of the Atlantic.
Every consideration, therefore, should, as he
thought, induce us to act with extreme caution and
discretion. He was entirely willing that we should
follow our citizens to Oregon, for the purpose of
throwing the shield of protection around them.
He was willing that the President should exhibit
the same spirit individually, but not territori-
ally^ pending the adjustment of the question
in dispute between the two countries. ' He saw
clearly that a game was being played here which
he ©onsidered unworthy of the dignity of the Ame-
rican character. But he was opposed to anything
which was contemplated to be done, in contraven-
tion of the treaty of 1828; and he sincerely trusted
that the President would not suffer himself to be
operated on, so as, to take any step which might
lead to that result; that he would do nothing which
might have the effect of precipitating us into a con-
flict, so long as the slightest hope remains that, by
a course of prudent moderation, the existing nego-
tiations may be brought to an amicable conclusion.
When it shall have been made manifest that this
cannot be done, all would unite as one man. He
was "willing to provide any military force which
should be necessary—any^dragoon force—any mil-
itary posts -which- should be, necessary for the de-
fence and prote'etidn of the emigrants to Oregon;
always provided that the* execution of these mea-
sures shall not be, in any way, incompatible with
the provision of the existing convention. It had
been thrown out, by way of speculation, both
here ,and in Europe, that at some period, not very
remote, Oregon may become an independent gov-
ernment. He regarded this as impossible. The
American emigrants look back to the graves of
their ancestors, and recall the heroic deeds of their
fathers, and will never dream of alienating them-
selves from the land on which the great battle of
liberty was fought and won, and where they first
drew their breath under the ,sway of our benign
institutions. This is always the ease. The man
covered with skins, which he has obtained in the
chase beyond'our frontier, and whoso sole property
is his ammunition and his rifle, carries in his bosom
the love of the glorious deeds achieved by his fore-
fathers in this republic; and, what is still more, he
also bears with him that bounding hope of the
future which constitutes-the highest characteristic
of the freeman. On the other hand, the English-
man looks back with pride at the glorious annals
of his country. The American reverses the teles-
cope, and looks beyond the present day to that
■ 4
coming era when his beloved country wijl stand
above the nations of the world, in power as well
as in liberty, and when; from her example and in-
fluence, free institutions will be diffused ovei- the
whole surface of the globe.
He trusted that the honorable Senator from
Michigan would permit these resolutions to lie
over for the present; and he would now move that
their further consideration be postponed till to-
morrow.
The question being taken on this motion, it was
decided m the negative.
Mr. ALLEN men rose, and spoke as follows:
Mr. President : 1 hope the resolutions will pass
—pass without the obstruction of a solitary vote.
They are resolutions which address grave subjects
of inquiry to the attention of those committees
which, by the standing rules of the body, the Sen-
ate institute with a view of taking cognizance of
these subjects. Now that these resolutions are in-
troduced—now that they have been brought forward
for the action of the Senate and the nation, by
being upon the journal of the body, their rejection
by the Senate would do more to paralyze the ener-
gies of this country than any one act that is with-
in the power of the Senate to perform. These
resolutions are predicated upon the idea that the
state of our home defences in the present aspect of
our foreign affairs is such as to require that' the at-
tention of Congress should be turned to the na-
tional defences. The rejection of these resolutions
will not change those foreign relations; but will be
virtually a declaration upon the part of the Senate,
that they will not even prepare for any emergency
that may arise out of our foreign relations. Then,
let me ask, what would be the position of the Uni-
ted States ? Great Britain is a power whose policy,
as well as whose general history, is known through-
out the entire civilized world, and needs not to be
defined. Great Britain is a power who conducts
her negotiations with a fleet upon the_coast of the
power with whom she negotiates; ever ready to
settle questions which cannot be settled by words,
by resorting in practice to the ancient Q "lie max-"
im of casting a sabre into the scale. The United
States, as has been very wisely observed by the
able and greatly experienced Senator from Michi-
gan, is, by the very circumstances arising out of
our institutions, always unprepared for the terrible
emergency of war. We have no standing army,
in the European sense of that term. We have,
however, a standing militia—a nation with a mili-
tary organization.
The wise object of these resolutions is, to insti-
tute an inquiry into the existing organization of the
martial force of the country in its three great divis-
ions—of the militia, the army, and the navy. This
has been regarded on the other side as almost
equivalent to a declaration of war. Why, sir, if
these resolutions had been offered in any state of
this negotiation, they would have been perfectly
innocent, and constituted not the slightest ground
of offence on the part of Great Britain.
Suppose we were in no danger, either in the
present or the future, of a war with Great Britain,
or any other country; suppose we enjoyed the
most uninterrupted peace for the present, and the
most substantial guaranty of peace for the future:
would there be any impropriety in instituting an
inquiry into the naval material m our dock yards
and naval stores? Would there be any impro-
priety in inquiring into the efficiency or inefficiency
of the organization of the militia of the country?
Would there be any impropriety in inquiring into
the condition of the army of the United States ?
None, I presume. Why, then, is it deemed so
exceedingly unwise to institute such inquiries now?
Is it meant to be insinuated that we are afraid to
prepare for our own defence, because wc happen
to be engaged in controversy with a Power who
boasts of stretching its gigantic arms over the
whole habitable globe ? Are we not to be permit-
ted even to ask ourselves if we are ready to receive
a column of British bayonets in this controversy?
Are we ready to receive fifty sail of battle ships
forwarded by England to our ports? We cannot
ask thsse questions, it seems. Why ? Because it
is a movement actually looking to the possibility
of a conflict between the two nations.
We had another difficulty with Great Britain,
which has been suspended—not settled—by the
treaty of 1842. While that treaty was pending, at
the very stand I now occupy I said that it con-
tained more seeds of discord than -the discord it
i professed to silence. Pending the negotiation, and
j the controversy with regard to the northeast boun-
i dary between the United States and Great Britain,
| tv hat did the two Houses of Congress do in refer-
ence to the important question of the national de-
fences ? They did not stop at inquiring—sending
resolutions of inquiry to their several committees as
to the efficiency of the defensive means of the Gov-
ernment; but they imbodied the national will and
the national strength in the form of a solemn law,
with, I believe, the unanimous vote of the Senate
of the United States. And what was that law?
Let me read its title: " An act giving to the Presi-
' dent of the United States additional powers for
' the defence-of the United States, in certain cases,
' against invasion, and for other purposes." That
act bears date 3d March, 1839. One of its pro-
visions, the first one, declares: " The President of
' the United States is hereby authorized to resist
' any attempt on the part of Great Britain to en-
' force by arms her claims to exclusive jurisdiction
' over that part of the State of Maine which is now
' m dispute between the United States and Groat
' Britain; and for that purpose he is authorized to
' employ the naval and military forces of the Uni-
' ted States, and such portions of the militia as he
' may deem advisable to call into service." Ano-
ther section of that act authorizes the call by the
President of fifty thousand volunteers; and ano-
ther section places $10,000,000 at the discretion of
the United States. Then another section com-
pletes the work, and places the entire military re-
sources of the country in the hands of the Presi-
dent. That was what was done on the 3d day of
March, 1839, m reference to this very Power with
whom we are now negotiating.
It was the act of the Roman Senate, on the ap-
proach of any great national danger, to pass a re-
solution conferring upon one of the consuls similar
powers. Under that system the consul was armed
with the entire monetary and martial forces of
the republic to enable him to meet the emergency.
In fact he was created a dictator, but for a limited
time; and, in truth, it was not without some feel-
ings of alarm that I heard this act first- read in the
Senate, conferring upon the President of the Uni-
ted States, and, if I mistake not, by the unanimous
vote of this body, powers equivalent to those con-
ferred on the Roman consuls, by which they were
clothed with dictatorial authority for a period of
six months. Nobody in the United States, how-
ever, expccted at that time that Great Britain
would treat this act as an act of war. Nobody
supposed that the passage of such an act, although
it was the strongest passed under this Govern-
ment, would be of itself a provoking cause of
war. The act passed. The negotiation and the
question in dispute was suspended for the time.
Now, what is the case? The President of the
United States sets forth in his annual Message
to Congress the state of the negotiation, so far as
negotiation it could be called, up to the withdrawal
on the part of the United States of their last pro-
position submitted to the British Government. He
admonishes us that, for the present at least, no-
thing has been accomplished by negotiation; and
the Senator from Michigan, in this state of affairs,
rises in his place in the Senate, and does what
every Senator docs every session of Congress—
moves for a committee of inquiry; and for that, it
seems, he has incurred the implied censure of the
honorable Senator from North Carolina. Sir, the
resolution comes well from the distinguished Sena-
tor from Michigan. It comes well, because lie
has the double experience of war and peace, indi-
vidually; because his age and character were cal-
culated to give to his movement importance which
would commend these resolutions to the serious
attention of the committee to whom they were to
be addressed. Is it, then, possible, 1 would ask,
