50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
that we have arrived at that humiliating condition
that the American Congress is afraid—afraid to in-
stitute an inquiry into the efficiency of ike martial
forces of the (Jnited States f.u- the protection of the
country ? 1 hope not. The Senator from North
Carolina ha.s treated this question as though it were
equivalent to a declaration of wor. He says he is
disposed to trust nil this subject to the President.
What subject does he mean? The negotiation?
We see by the President's Message, that he has
£-one about as far as he can go. The Senator
must then mean that the subject-matter of these
resolutions is to oe trusted to the discretion of the
President of the United States.
Mr. MANGrTIM. If the Senator will permit me,
I will make myself better understood by him. The
President understands the whole state of ihis ques-
tion; and from him I desire all inquiries into the
state of our armaments to proceed; not from .sub-
ordinates, but from the Executive itself.
Mr. CASS. The Senator uses the term subor-
dinates. May T ask, to whom he refers?
Mr. MANGUM. 1 mean the heads of depart-
ments, with whom the heads of committers must
necessarily have communication.
Mr. ALLEN, i understood him, sir, precisely
as he has now stated. He desires that, before
Congress moved, the President should recommend
military preparations. Now, so far from Mr. Van
Buren having- recommended the military prepara-
tion aufhomcd in the not to which I have alluded,
I have not the least doubt, from my knowledge of
the man, and the moderation of his whole charac-
ter, that he was absolutely astounded when he
hoard this power had been conferred upon him.
Old he ask Congress to place the entire miiitia of
the country at his beck and call? Did he ask Con-
gress to give him the powui of dcudmu on the
question of w=ir or peace during the recess of the
session? Did he ask Congress to place tAn mil-
lions of money at ins disposal? No. lie com-
municated the facts to Congress in regard to our
foreign relations, and the progress of the nogoiia-
tion, and then Congress proceeded, as was its
duty, to judge what legislation should follow on
that disclosed state of facts. What did the Presi-
dent do in the present case? He follows a similar
course to that winch has heretofore been pursued;
and now it is our business to assume the responsi-
bility of judging, together with the President, of
what the emergency requires m regard to our na-
tional defences. Nothing can be more innocent,
nothing more judicious, nothing more necessary,
than the resolutions which have been submitted
by the Senator from Michigan. I had supposed,
especially after the able exposition of the mover,
showing the necessity of their passage, that they
would have passed with the unanimous concur-
rence of this body.
And now I will conclude with the expression of
my sincere gratification at heaiing one, and the
most prominent, perhaps, of ail tnc observations
that dropped from the distinguished Senator from
North Carolina. lie told us that should war ever
come, there was a spirit m the country able to
make it powerful enough to cope, not only with
Great Britain, but with the whole European world
in arms. He told us that should any declaration of
war be parsed by Congress, from that moment an
anti-war man would not be found on the continent.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 only spoke for myself and
my constituents.
Mr. ALLEN. I only hope that the expression
may be univtvrTil m its application; a.id that in
case a decbirniion of war snould be made, the as-
pirations of tin' He nitor may be fulfilled to the ut-
most extent, unlike the case presented after the last
declaration of war. And, mded, ( oui encouraired
to believe that the experience of after ye.vs, per-
hnps the improved condition of the patriotism of
the country—because the people here have- been
enjoying the benign influences winch time t.nd
justice never fad to impress upon all human affairs
—I say, I hope that such a state of things mav
have been brought about since our last declaration
of war against Great Britain, that no such melan-
choly spectacle could now !><-; presented of any
division of public sentiment. I trust these resolu-
tions will pass, and co to the committee; and that
the only subject of discussion on this floor will be
as to the mode of preparation, and the kind of
preparation; and that it may be reserved for that
time when distinct and specific recommendations
will come from the committee.
Mr. AltCHER rose with no view either to in-
cite or repress the prolongation of the discussion.
His object was merely to submit some considera-
tions to the honorable Senator from Michigan,
which he did not appear to have remarked or ad-
equately appreciated. Pie would not impute to
I any Senator the insolence of assuming for himself
any sentiment of patriotism which he did not
I equally concede to every other Senator. If he did,
| he (Mr. A.) should know how to apply the proper
j brand to it. He supposed that they were all pre-
| pared, in every event, to sustain the honor of the
| country. He would even assume more than this:
! and suppose that if the country should become
| involved in wart whether with a small or a great
' Power, and even a large portion of the community
I might entertain sentiments of disapproval of the
' causes which had produced it, there would be
j found no distraction of counsels or efforts in its
j support.
j Mr. ALLEN said, perhaps he had been misun-
I dcrstood. The Senator from North Carolina had
! stated that, after a declaration of war, there would
! not be found an anti-war man in the country. If
I so, he (Mr. A.) had replied that we should be
i more fortunate than after the commencement of the
J hist war. He asked the honorable Senator from
i Virginia whether he had understood him (Mr.
Allfk) as casting any imputation on the patriot-
ism of any Senator on this floor?
Mr. ARCHER had already said that he would
impute no such purpose, or the course of his
remarks would have been different. For himself,
he never made profession of patriotism, any more
than of personal honor. His character m these
respects must speak for itself. His remarks he
wished to address more particularly to the Senator
from Mi'-h^on, for whom he entertained regard,
and who, he believed, would be the last man to
express a doubt of the patriotism of any Senator.
Mr. CASS disclaimed any language capable of
such a construction.
Mr. AltCHER. The resolutions submitted by
the honorable Senator were—what? Resolutions
direetin~>, committees to inquire with respect to the
condition of the national defences. Not one of
tlu.se committees, to whom these inquiries were
directed, had yret been appointed. Whilst, there-
fore, neither he nor any one, here or in the coun-
ts y, could have any objection to the objects or the
adoption of the resolutions, he desired, with all
deference to the better judgment of the Senator
from Michigan, to give, some reasons why he
thought it would have been better not to press
their adoption at this moment. How Air was this
course consistent with the usages or the dignity of
the Senate? What the occasion for this prurient
or this Apprehensive sensibility, which could not
wait for the ordinary forms of proceeding, but ran
ahead of them to make exhibition of a sublimated
patriotism5 The appointment of the committees
had p iready been delayed for the unusual period
of two weeks. The inquiries proposed could Dot
pr ec(le thru- appointment. "Were these commit-
tees supposed to require a premature instigation to
the discharge of what, independently of tht.se reso-
lutions, would constitute their aupropriate func-
tions: The committees would be composed of a
controlling majority of the political friends of the
honorable Senator. The full power to shape re-
commendations and the just province would be
theirs. Why anticipate an imputation of their de-
rilcetion of duty' V/;;. : this precipitance the way
to impress respect or forhenronce on the e-reat in-
imical Power, who was held up to us in such ter-
rors of rapacity and violence; Was exemption
from rupture, any more than dignity, to be realized
from tins splutter of patriotic emotion?
Mr. MAXOUM. 1 ri.se to call the Senator to
order.
3.1r. ARCHER proceeded. His remarks had
no pellicular reference to the Senator from North
Carolina, He was speaking to what concerned us
all—the us.i^es of the Senate, the character of the
country; which he had 110 desire to see compro- 1
uiised by the precipitancy of these resolutions, j
He was known to have no relations with the pres- i
eat Executive, but he was ftce to avow his appro v- I
al of the course which the Executive had taken on i
this question of Oreg'on; and was he to show his :
respect for that course by refusing to conf.de the ]
recommendations which miiiiit be required by the :
occasion to the wisdom of the Executive? He !
felt, therefore, reluctance, in this view, to give his !
acquiescence to the precipitate course proposed,
because it implied a diffidence which the action of
the Executive had not warranted, in its observance
and recommendation of the further action which
might, be demanded by the exigency^of the crisis.
To this branch of the Government it belonged to
make suggestion of the occasion for new defences
and preparations. This was the branch which
was supposed to have information as well as cog-
nizance, in a peculiar manner, in this department
of the public service. Was there authority for
supposing that it liad not discharged its duty, or
that it would not, at the proper time, by commu-
nicating information of the occasion for prepara-
tions, such as the resolutions had in contempla-
tion, and estimates, too, as respected their amount?
Neither was he disposed to convey distrust of the
just action of this body, at the proper juncture.
'The instigation of these resolutions was not want-
ed to our action. What purpose were they then
intended to serve in this premature and irregular
mode of exhibition? Were we to display a patri-
otism too ebullient to be expressed by formal modes
of proceeding1, too sensitive to wait on the sugges-
tive office of the Executive?
But there is another view of the question. Sup-
pose the result of this debate should be to impress
the idea that war is inevitable: what would he the
effect on the public funds? Will you not imnair
the fortunes of thousands at a single Wow? This
debate will be wafted to the remotest bounds of the
country. Can any one imagine the horror that
will prevail in the Bosoms of thousands at the sup-
position, for a small strip of territory, almost ab-
solutely worthless and barren, two civilized ca-
tions are to be plunged into the miseries of war-
fare? Would it not be astounding that for an ob-
ject so inconsiderable two great nations should
rush into an act of such criminality? What will
be said, when this debate goes forth, of the a:«i-
tlemen of the dominant party, who could not wait
the recommendation from the proper quarter, and
then make the required appropriation; but who, ill
the absence of such recommendation, and before
the committees are organized, precipitate them-
selves into a warlike attitude—for this is Live inev-
itable result of the proceeding?
Whatever may be the consequences, this very
discussion, even at this stage, is ft-aught with in-
calculable mischief. We shall have communicatee!
anxiety and horror to thousands, and all this that
we may exhibit our patriotism. Sir, if the reso-
lutions are pressed I shall vote for them: because,
if we are to have war with the greatest Power oil
which the sun ever shone, it is necessary that we
should be in a state of complete preparation.
When I am satisfied that the necessity of the case
demands it,. I will not hesitate to make any and
every sacrifice. My constituents live, for the'most
part, on the Atlantic seaboard. What will be their
destiny? Sir, we heard last year that Great Britain
had one hundred and sixty steam-vessels of war.
There is not a river, bay, or creek, but may be
perforated by those vessels, in that part of the
Southern country.
That region was, in a peculiar manner, perfora-
ted by navigable streams, and open to every form
of vessels, ps well as lar^e intrusion by the instru-
mentality of steam. Hold up to view the map of
the entire south Atlantic seaboard  and it nresent-
cd to the eye nearly as much water land—mere
strips of country, intersected by streams in all di-
rections pervious to invasion. " The larger cities
might be made safe by large military force, under
expensive permanent irnbocliment; but the less
considerable towns, the villages* the farms, what
would be thfir condition of oxposuivr Would
any be left exempt? The habitation* hv.-J in
the ^property plundered, and esr^ne of the ma-
rauders before any resisting three could be assem-
bled; fears ot the proprietors to return and resiore
their habitations, the succession of the same dis-
asters staring; them in the fn<v. These were to be
the consequences—this the scene and the history
to be exhibited.
All this he was willing, if occasion required, to
incur. And what was to be the occasion? We
were three thousand miles from Oregon—a slender
population, deserting; the homes of their fhth^ns,
and seven himdred million acres of landf better
man thev were to find, a dollar and a quarter the
price. This was the population which we must
follow, with anyexpense, never to be compensa-
ted; and for which, reckiess of consequences as
