1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
well as cost, we were to plunge into war, unpre-
cedented in the injury it must on both sides inflict.
Strange doctrine this! that the Government must
control a vagrant population, escaping with no re-
quest or authority, but he controlled by it, even to
the extent of war the most destructive.
It was for this country, in these circumstances,
that we were invited to war. Certainly, if any
principle of national hpnor should be found to
demand it,, this -was right. He believed, however,
that there was no such principle involved as yet
well'founded, nor prospect of war. There was
no danger unless—what? unless war should be
provoked, and made inevitable by language and
conduct on the floors of this House and tine other
House of Congress. He believed in his conscience
that if negotiations were left to be carried on be-
tween the two Governments, there would be no
danger to be apprehended as to the result. He
thought the gentlemen on the other side ought, at
all events, to be willing to confide in the Execu-
tive. He himself, though he had come here op-
pressed with a leaden load of anxiety, was now
thoroughly relieved. He approved of the tone of
the Message to Congress, and he was glad to have
the opportunity of distinctly expressing his ap-
proval of it; and he hoped the Senate and the
country would be observant of the fact, that they
were content with the language of the Executive,
and the only opposition or distrust emanated from
the gentlemen on the other side.
Mr. .CASS was about to reply to Mr. Archer,
when a message was received from the House of
Representatives, informing the Senate that resolu-
tions of respect had been passed in memory of the
late Joseph H. Peyton, of Tennessee, a member
of the House.
DEATH OF JOSEPH II. PEYTON. j
On motion of Mr. MANGUM, the subject un- I
der discussion was then informally passed over, j
and the Senate, proceeded to the consideration of!
the message just received. \
Mr. JAR&AGIN. Mr. President: I know I |
shall perform a duty, in its occasion as unwclcome i
to the Senate as it is painful to me, in the announce- 1
ment now made of the death of a colleague, known ■
to most of us, and worthy to have been personal! y I
dear to all—the Hon. Joseph H. Peyton, a mem-
ber of the last, and a member elect to the present
Congress of the United States from the State of
Tennessee. Re died at his home, in Sumner coun-
ty, on the 12ih day of November last; and though
already arrived at no slight distinction, and ripe
for yet higher ones, was scarcely beyond the age
at which, m some famous Commonwealths, youth
was considered just at an end, and the man and
the cilizen to have barely begun.
I have repeatedly, sir, shared sincerely in these
solemn offerings of respect paid by these bodies to-
wards their departed members, by a custom not, less
befitting their dignity than their feelings. The ob-
servance is one of which the deeper uses, when
they come, must touch us too closely not to waken
up the better thoughts which our conflicts here
banish but too much—the personal chanties and
affections that should adorn public life as they
sweeten private. In common with those around
me, I have often borne a part in these becoming
tributes of individual and of public regrets: but it
had thus far been my good fortune rather to yield
deserved honors to the public, servants of other
States, than to oslc them towards one from my
own. If, therefore, there be any art in commem-
orating the dead, I esteem myself happy in that
he, of whom I am now to speak, was such, that
even my poor skill can do his memory no dishon-
or, since it limits mc to that panegyric alone which
he desired—the simple truth, spoken in the sm-
eerest affection. He needs no higher praise; and
that, at least, I am capable of uttering.
Of a generous race, which far back m the history
of the State where they first settled, and much
more remotely still in that oi* the mother country,
had been distinguished for its gallant and good
deeds and its excellent abilities /Mr. PEY'roxhad
inherited their high qualities, and brought them to
a public service when, young as he was, and brief
as was his career, he had already made them
strongly felt 3No man could be braver, no man
sincerer; and the force of his character was com-
pleted by an understanding highly vigorous and
just, as well as excellently cultivated. ""Nor were
his properties less kindly and gentle in the private
affairs" of life, than manly and commanding in
whatever oT difficulty or duty called them up to
exertion. Not originally destined for the public
part in the honorable outset of which lie has fallen,
he was led to it by the early and general return
which his labors m a different sphere had spread
around him, and the assurance of talent as well as
worth which they had created. Such had, no
doubt, softened into the warmest and kindliest sen-
sibilities a nature originally fiery, and eminently fit
for arms and action. The love winch he thus spread
around him, gave him, with xeputation, an unsoli-
cited popularity; and politics sought him out as so
many others go in quest of them.
I need scarcely say that here, though little in
haste, before he had done more silent and real ser-
vice, to captivate the public attention in harangue,
he had sufficiently shown in speech the vehemence
and force of his capacity, and his power to deal
most effectually with large topics of public debate;
nor in his personal demeanor had he made less
felt the native urbanity and rectitude of a spirit as
good as it was fervid.
All this, Mr. President, and more, which I might
well recite, but that my plain task, which is monu-
mental, not biographic, is over. Almost, as I have
said, a youth, except in the fast-formed maturity
of his abilities and character, lie has paid, amidst
the tears of much friendship and love, the inevit-
able debt. Faults, of course, like the best, he had;
but I had scarcely discovered them. I am sure
his only ones were of a noble sort;—defects spring-
ing up out of his virtues. I need seek no further
to draw either from that dread abode where they
now repose, "the bosom of his father and his
God."
Permit me, Mr. President, to submit to the Sen-
ate the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate have heard with deep
sensibility the message from the House of Xlepre-
' sentativcs, announcing the death of the Hon. Jo-
! sF.pii H. Peyton, a representntive from the State
i of Tennessee.
! Resolved unanimously. That the membcis of the
Senate, from a sincere desire of showing cvciy
mark of respect to the memory of the deceased,
will wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty
days.
.!Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect for
the memory of the deceased, the Senate do now
adjourn.
The Senate thereupon adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 15, 1845.
The Journal of Saturday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER, by general consent, laid be-
fore the House the following Executive communi-
cations:
T. From the Secretary of War, accompanied by
a statement of the expenditure ot' the moneys ap-
propriated to defray the contingent expenses of die
War Department and of the various bureaus end
offices attached to that department for the fiscal
year ending June HO, 1845. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the War Department,
and ordered to be printed.
IT. From the Secretary of War, transmitting the
report of the Commissioners appointed under a
joint resolution of Congress of the'3d March, 3845,
directing the Secretary of War to take measures to
test the merits of Putnam's ploughing and dredging
machine for the removal of obstructions to the
navigation of rivers, hays, harbors. &c. Referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
III. From the Secretary of War, accompanied
with a report of the survey of the harbor at Cape
Porpoise, in the Srate of Maine. Referred to
'! the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
■ pruned.
, IV. From the Secretary of War, accompanied
! by a report in relation to certain militia claims of
1 the State of Alabama. Referred to the Committee
of Claims.
The SPEAKER also presented certain testi-
mony in the case of the contested election of John
Rukk, one of the members of this House from the
State of New Jersey; which was referred to the
Committee on Elections.
The SPEAKER announced that the regular
order of business was the call of the States for
petitions and memorials.
Mr. BOWLIN, in order to accommodate what
he thought might be the general feeling of the
House, moved that the rules be suspended for one
hour, for *he introduction of bills, of which no-
tices had heretofore been given, and to enable
members to give notice of such bills as they might
hereafter wish to introduce—limiting the suspen-
sion to such matters as would not give rise to de-
bate.
Mr. McCONNELL, with a view of going into
the election of Chaplain, moved that the motion of
Mr. Bowlin be laid on the table.
Which motion was rejected.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules; and two-thirds not voting in
the aflhmativf, it was decided in the negative. So
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. MILTON BROWN asked leave to intro-
duce a memorial.
Mr. McCONNELL objected.
The House then passed' to the regular order of
business.
TEXAS.
The resolutions of the General Assembly of
Connecticut, against the admission of Texas as a
State into the Union, heretofore presented by Mr.
John A. Rockwell, and laid over under the rules
for debate, coming up in their order,
Mr. ROCKWELL mo\ed that they be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and that they be printed.
The resolutions having, on the call of several
members, been read by the Clerk,
Mr. ROCKWELL spoke m support of his mo-
tion. Tie expressed his regret on finding himself,
as he apprehended, imperatively called on to ad-
dress the House; for it was not his intention or
desire to intrude himself upon its attention at any
time, unless compelled by a sense of duty. The
course, however, which had been pursued in Uiat
House in regard to resolutions of a sovereign
Sviite, with the presenilation of which he had h^d
the honor to be chargod, rendered it indispensable
that he should say something on the mbjeet. Ho
was told by experienced members of the House
that the course to which he had alluded was
wholly new and unprecedented; it was entirely
against all the usual courtesy which had ever pre-
vailed here to refuse to permit the resolutions of
one of the States of the Union to be printed. This
was the first time within the knowledge of gentle-
men around him that such an ordinary courtesy
had been refused. And it was the more icmark-%
able, inasmuch as, on the same day these resolu-
tions had been presented by him and the House
refused to order them to be printed, other resolu-
tions from other State Legislatures had received such
order without objection being ma.de from any quar-
ter. And, indeed, he had himself presented two
other sets of resolutions from legislative bodies,
and nobody mode any opposition to the printing,
unless it might have been some slight demur in
relation to printing those from the Legislature of
Rhode Island.
"Why was tins marked exception made? Was
there anything disrespectful in the wording of
these resolutions, that they were deemed unworthy
of that mark of common respect which was al-
ways rendered to the public acts of one of the
States of the Union? Could it be owing to any-
thing m the matter of the resolutions ? This could
not be the reason; for they treated not of any ab-
| sfract question, but of a matter pending before
| this body, and by its order rnadetthe order of the
|| day for Tuesday next. Yet the House refused
l| either to print die resolutions or to refer them to
h that Committee of the Whole to whom the very
[! subject on which these resolutions treated had
:j been committed. Under circumstances of so pecu-
Ii liar a character, the refusal of the House could
not but appear very extraordinary; and, so situa-
ted. Mr. R. could not bring himself to do, what
at first he had designed doing, viz: to give a silent
vote m support of the motion he had made.
That the subject to which the resolutions had
reference was one of great public importance all
were agreed, however they might differ as to the
propriety of the admission of Texas, or the details
of that proceeding. Mr. R. should not now at-
tempt to go into that subject: it respected the ad-
dition of a large territory, and a foreign territory,
