52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
to the States of this Union, and it confessedly in-
volved constitutional questions of grave considera-
tion. This new territory never could have be in
admitted at all had the course been pursued which
wag at first proposed, viz. its admission by a joint
resolution* Such never could have been the de-
cision of the entire Congress of the United States.
By itself alone the measure never could have pass-
ed; it was only by adding to it something more
palatable in one branch of the legislature that it
had ever been effected. Certainly the question in
itself was a grave one; and it was a question pend-
ing in regard to which there might and must aiise
many very serious constitutional considerations,
la the resolutions adopted by Congress at its last
session, as conditions precedent to the admission of
Texas into the Union, had been one in regard to
slavery, by "which it had been stipulated that States
to> be hereafter formed out of the Texian territory
to the south of 36° 30' north, might tolerate slavery
within their bounds or not, as a majority of their
inhabitants might prefer; but that in all States to
be constituted lying to the north of that line slavery
should be forever prohibited. Now, in open vio-
lation if not of the letter, certainly of the spirit, of
that stipulation on our part, it was found that in
the eighth section of the constitution which had
since been ratified by the people of Texas, pro-
visions were inserted which prevented emancipa-
tion of slaves without full remuneration to their
owners, and admitted emigrants bringing slaves
with them, and this throughout all Texas without
distinction. As applied to that portion of her ter-
ritory north of the dividing line of 36° 30', this was
a plain and palpable violation of our stipulation as
to her admission. The resolution on our part had
been adopted as a matter of compromise; but here
was a constitution, adopted for the whole territory,
whjoh rendered its provisions nugatory, and a
compliance with them impossible.
Then there "was another objectionable feature in
regard to boundary. No provision was made for
any census or enumeration of any kind of the popu-
lation of Texas; and yet it was provided that two
representatives on her behalf should be admitted
into this House. Why was this? It was not in
conformity with what had been agreed upon at
the last session; such a provision had indeed been
proposed, but after debate had been rejected. It
had never before been grafted to a new State, with-
out any census, that she should have two represen-
tatives on that floor. From all these circumstances,
on which he could but glance for a moment, it must
be obvious to all that the subject to which the re-
solutions of his State had reference was one of great
importance, and it was a matter pending and soon
to be acted on.
Could there be anything in the form of the reso-
lutions which subjected them to direspectful treat-
ment? They did declare that power to admit a
foreign State had not been delegated to Congress
by the Constitution. Well, and was it not a very
serious question whether such power had been
granted? Was this a subject of which it was im-
proper for a sovereign State to speak to that House ?
And if she ventured to intimate a doubt as to the
existence of such a power, must her resolutions be
denied the ordinary courtesy of being ordered to
be printed ?
As to the second resolution, which related to the
admission of Texas, with the avowed design of
thereby strengthening the interests of slavery, he
believed it to be a true and just expression of the
opinion of the people of his State. They consid-
ered themselves—though they were not disposed
to make any disorderly or factious opposition to
the measure—as injured in their rights by such a
proceeding. They cherished no hostility to any
portion of this Union, nor to the people of the
Southern and the slaveholding States; very far
from it. They did not deem it their duty to in-
terfere; it was not their business. They meant to
abide by all the provisions and all the compro-
mises of the Constitution. They would stand up
to that instrument in all its parts, both in the spirit
and the letter. With a very few exceptions, among
those who were usually denominated " the Liberty
party," (and who were the political allies of the
dominant party here, not of their opponents,) the
people of Connecticut were (as he said) ready to
abide by the compromises of the Constitution.
Notwithstanding, there did exist among them,
everywhere, the opinion that in the proceedings in
relation to Texas a due degree of courtesy and
regard to the feelings of the North had not been
exhibited; and that in respect to the right of pe-
tition, a new issue and a wrong issue had beenjpro-
duced by the course of things adopted here. True,
the rule* of the House bearing on that subject had
been rescinded, but he was sorry to perceive, since
he had taken a seat here, that the same course, in
effect, was still pursued. Yet as to those who,
under this mistaken issue, had fallen into a course
not less reprehensible, he had, personally, no sym-
pathy with them; he was not here by their votes.
Many of them, he doubted not, acted under the
best intentions, and were themselves highly re-
spectable; but no man abominated their public
course in this matter more than he did. That was
a feeling which strongly prevailed at the North:
they were for the Constitution as it stood: they
meant to abide by it; yet they could not repress
the feeling that they had sustained serious injury
by this measure of annexation; and they felt this
the more deeply because the measure had in fact
been brought about by the agency of professed
friends of liberty. They regarded the evil as enor-
mous, injurious to the country at large, and likely
to prove most of all injurious, in the end, to the
very parties now most actively engaged in bring-
ing it to pass. The injury was deep: it was im-
medicabile tminus; a wound that would prove very
difficult to heal.
Mr. R. said it seemed to him that in reference
to a subject of this kind, it would be better for all
concerned that a mild and moderate course should
be adopted, and not a violent and coercive one.
Such a course could do no good,butwould certainly
be productive of much harm. Why should not the
resolutions be referred as prQposed? Gentlemen
might be assured that though the people of the
North might be reasoned with, they were not to be
driven; and whoever should undertake to try, knew
not what he was doing. The course adopted in
iespect to these Statu resolutions was the more ob-
jectionable * as having been utterly unprovoked.
The people of Connecticut had given no excuse
for the adoption of such a course toward them; it
was a mere " superfluity of naughtiness." It was
a grievous mistake of gentlemen's true interest and
policy; they ought not to seek to introduce exas-
peration in reference to this matter; it was bad
policy. On the whole, he hoped that a milder
and more prudent line of conduct would prevail,
and that the ^notion to print would not be refused.
Mr. BOYD said, in reply, that the gentleman
from Connecticut was mistaken if he supposed it
had been Mr. B.'s object, or that of anybody else,
to treat the State of Connecticut, her Legislature,
or their acts, with the slightest degree of indignity,
or to give these resolutions the go-by. Nothing
was further from his intentions. When they were
introduced by the gentleman, Mr. B. had moved
to lay them on the table; but he had no manner
of objection to their being printed. When he
learned that they were not the resolutions of the
gentleman himself, but of his State, he had with-
drawn his objections to the printing. He knew
nothing of the history of the resolutions 4 but he
had seen no disposition in the House to refuse the
printing of them. Possibly there might have been
objectionable matter in the resolutions; but of that
he knew nothing. He thought, however, in re-
gard to all resolutions respecting the annexation of
Texas, the true course was to lay them all upon j
the table. Under existing circumstances, he
thought that was their proper place. The subject
itself had been laid there, and the resolutions in
regard to it should follow suit. It might be very
proper, however, to print these resolutions, and'to
that he should have, for one, no manner of ob-
j eetion.
Mr. B. concluded by moving that the resolu-
tions in question be laid on the table, and printed;
which motion prevailing, they were laid on the
table accordingly, and ordered to be printed.
petitions.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to suspend the rules pre-
scribing the regular order of business, in order to
enable him to move for leave to introduce a bill to
provide for a Territorial Government in Oregon.
Mr. RRODHEAD wished to make the suspen-
sion oencral.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL said, if the
regular order of business was pursued, there would
be time enough for every member to introduce any
matter he might wish to present to the. House.
Mr. BOWLIN then modified his motion go a#
to make the suspension general. _
And the question being taken, the H«mse <*• -
fused to suspend the rales, . 1 \ .
The States were then called, and me-
morials, remonstrances. State tes$u*?o s, 4c.,
were presented, as follows: ? -
From Maine—By Messrs- DtTNLAP, SAW-
TELLE, and HAMLIN.
Fran JV'«  Hampshire- -By Messsre. NORMS
and JOHNSON.
From Missouri—By Messrs, RELPE and BOW-
LIN.
Frcrn •Alabama—-By Messrs. CHAPMAN,
HOUSTON, and McCONNELL. '
From Illinois—By Mr. MeCLERNAND.
From Indiana—By Mr. PETTIT.
Front Louisiana—By Mr. MORSE.  
Fi-am Ohio—-By Messrs. McDO~WELL„
VANCE, FRIES, ST. JOHN, GillDJNGS,
SCHENCK, and DELANO.
From. Tennessee—By Messrs. BROWN, CUL-
LOM, and LOCKE.
From Kentucky—By Messrs. BOYD, McHEN-
RY, and GRIDER.
From South Carolina—By Mr. HOLMES.
From J\brtti Carolina—By Mr. DANIEL.
From Virginia—By Messrs. PENDLETON,
BROWN, JOHNSON, and HtTBARD.
From Maryland—By Messrs. CHAPMAN and
GILES.
From Pennsylvania-—By Messrs. LEIB, FOS-
TER, DARRAGH, BRODHEAD, THOMP-
SON, CAMPBELL, and STROHM.
From J*ew Jersey—By Mr. EDSALL.
From A-Forfc—By Messrs. HUNT, BEN-
TON, ELLSWORTH, DE MOTT, STRONG,
RATHBUN, WHITE, SMITH,. HUNGER-
FORD, CULVER, HOLMES, WOOD, KING,
and WOODWORTH.
From Fermoat—By Mr. MARSH. -
From Connecticut—By Messrs. ROCKWELL,
DIXON, and SMITH.
Frcm Massachusetts—.By Messrs. WINTHROP,
ASHMTJN, THOMPSON, KING, ABBOTT,
and ADAMS. . '
Amongst the petitions, &c., presented to-day,
the following received the special notice of the
House: -
katuralizaimot laws.
Mr. WINTHROP presented resolutions of tha
Legislature of Massachusetts, proposing certain
amendments to the naturalization laws of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. LEVIN moved the reference to a select com-
mittee.
Mr. WINTHROP was understood to concur in
the motion ; and to remark that he was only prevent-
ed from proposing the same reference by his having
no desire to be placed at the head of the committee,
in case one were-raised.
Mr. McCONNELL moved to lay the petition
on the table.
Mr. BRODHEAD.. Does not a motion to refer
the petition to the Committee on the Judiciary take
precedence ?
The SPEAKER. It would not take precedence
of the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. BRODHEito appealed to the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. McCokwell] to withdraw the
motion to lay on the table, to ailow the reference to
the Committee on the Judieiary.
Mr. McCONNELL, yielding to the appeal,
withdrew his motion.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved to refer the resolution
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Tliis motion to refer to the Committee on the
Judiciary taking precedence, was propounded;
when
Mr. LEVIN giving notice of a wish to debate
the resolutions, they were laid over under the rule.
admission of texas.
Among the presentations to-day we notice the
following:
By Mr. J. Q.. ADAMS: Sundry resolutions of
the General Assembly of the State of Massachu-
setts , against the admission of Texas into Use Union
as a slaveholding State; and he moved that they be
read.
The resolutions having been read—
Mr. ADAMS moved that they be referred to a
select committee, and printed.
