1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. McCONNELL moved that, they lie on tiie
table-, which took precedence of the motion to re-
fer to a select committee.
Mr. ADAMS asked for the yeas nnd nays on the
motion; and they were ordered,
Mr. JOHNSON, of^Tennessce, then sent to the
Clerk's table* with a request that it be read, a small
slip of printed paper, which, by general conscnt,
was read, as follows:
" We noticed, the other day, that we had in our
' possession a Boston paper, called the « Evening
'Post,' dated ' May 4th, 1741,' nearly one htm-
' dred and five years old. It is a curiosity. The
' pages are about eight inches by twelve, and two
' (tolumns to a page. The typography is good.
' Among the items of news contained m this n uni-
' ber of the Evening Post is the first annunciation,
' in this country, of the military demonstration of
' Frederick the Grx-eat upon Silesia, which led to the
* important and sanguinary wars in which that
' prince was so long engaged. Among others, we
' notice the following advertisements:
" To be sold, a likely negro girl, about fourteen
' years old. Inquire of Mr. Bennett, in Beacon
< street
" Bosioiij May 42/t, 1741."
" Any person who has a good* negro coopcr,
* that can be well recommended, to be disposed of,
* may hear of a purchaser and a good price by in-
* quiring of the printer.
Kt Boston, Mmj 4th, 1741."
" Ran away from his master, Captain Benjamin
* Kent, of Boston, mariner, the 12th instant,
4 (April,) an English servant lad, named Thomas
* Jannerldns, about 17 or 18 years old, of middle
* stature, and of pale complexion. He had on,
* when he went away, a garlic shirt, a suit of d<ark-
* blue clothes, a pair of light-blue worsted stock-
' ings, a pair of single-soled shoes, a brownish-
* colored wig, and a beaver hat about half wore.
* "Whoever shall take up said servant, and bring
"him to his master again, living in Bromfield
* Lane, shall have four pounds reward and ncces-
4 sary charges."
So it seems that slavery in Boston, in those days,
was not confined to the negroes.
Mr. McCONJN'ELL moved a call of the House,
but subsequently withdrew it, and moved an ad-
journment; which was negatived.
After some conversation, the question was put
by yeas and nays, on the motion that the resolu-
tions do lie on the table, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bar-
ringer, J. A. Black, Brodhead, Milton Brown,
Win. G. Brown, Cathcart, J. G-. Chapman, R.
Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Cockc, Collin, Cro-
sier, Cullom, Cummins, Daniel, Jefferson Davis,
Dobbin, Dockery, Dromgoole, Erdman, Ficklin,
Voster, Gentry, Goodyear, Graham, Haralson,
Henley, Hoge, Hopkins, John W. Houston, G.
S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Hunter, C. J.
Ingersoll, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, Thomas Butler King, Leake,
Leib, Lumpkin, McClean, McConnell, McHenry,
Barclay, Martin, Morris, Morse, Moulton, Nor-
ris, Owen, Parish, Pendleton, Perrill, Price, Reid,
Ilelfe, Ritter, Roberts, Russell, A. D. Sims, Leo-
nard H. Simms, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Stan-
ton, Stephens, Strong, Sykes, Thomasson, Tib-
batts, Toombs, Trendway, Trombo, Wentworth,
Wick, Woodward, Woodworth, Yancey, Yell,
Young, Yost—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John duincy Adams,
Arnold, Ashmun, Benton, Blanchard, Buffington,
William W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Col-
lamer, Cranston, Culver, Delano, Dixon, Ed sail,
Ellsworth, Ewing, Foot, Giddings, Gordon, Gri-
der, Hampton, Herrick, E. B. Holme?, Samuel
D. Hubbard, Hudson, Hungcrford, Washington
Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jen-
kins, Daniel P. King, P. King, Lewis, MoGaughey,
Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller, Niven, Pollock, Julius
Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Schenck,
Seaman, Severance,Truman Smith, Albert Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Strohm, Benjamin Thompson,
Vance, Vinton, Wheaton, White, Wood, Wood-
ruff—67.
So the resolutions were laid on the table.
By a separate vote, they were ordered to be
printed.
OREGON.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLASS, the memorial
of the people of Oregon, signed by the President,
We Presidents, and Secretaries, presented by Mr.
Charles J. Ingersoll early in the present session,
was referred to the Committee on 'Territories.
CHAPLAINS.
Mr. PETTIT presented the petition of Joel
Brown, and 400 others, citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio,
praying that no money may hereafter be paid out
of the treasury of the United States to any Chap-
lain. He moved its refcience to the Judicialy
Committee; but, on motion, it was laid upon the
table.
MASSACHUSETTS VS. SOUTH CAROLINA AND
LOUISIANA.
Mr. JOHN Q,. ADAMS presented resolutions
of the General Assembly of the State of Massa-
chusetts, in relation to certain acts and proceed-
ings of the States of South Carolina and Louis-
iana, whereby the liberty and the rights of certain
citizens of that State have been violated, and ask-
ing the interposition of the Government of the
United States to correct the wrongs complained of
in the resolutions. Mr. A, moved that they be
referred to a select committee, to be composed of
a member from each State, and that they be
printed.
Mr. ADAMS observed, that if this motion was
objected to, he would ask the House to appoint
a day to debate the question whether the resolu-
tions shall be referred or not.
The complaint of the resolutions was this: that,
as the laws of the United States now stand, they
did not give protection to the rights of the citizens
of Massachusetts within the limits of other States;
for it was to be observed that in the controversy
in question, respecting citizens of Massachusetts
injuriously treated within the two States men-
tioned, those States had refused to let the existing
laws of the United States have their operation, by
refusing to submit the question in dispute to the
Federal Couits. Hence the necessity for further
legislation to secure the objcct sought after.
Objection being interposed to the motion made
by Mr. Adams,
The SPEAKER said that the resolutions would
go over under the rule, to be taken up the next
petition day, (to-morrow.)
Mr. BURT inquired if a motion to lie on the
table would now be in order.
The SPEAKER answered that it would.
Mr. BURT then moved that the resolutions lie
on the table. The motion was decided by yeas
and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson,
Barringer, Bedinger, Biggs, James A. Black, Bow-
lin, Brodhead, Milton Brown, William G. Brown,
Burt, Cathcart, J. G. Chapman, Augustus A.
Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Clarke,
Cocke, Crozier, Cullom, Daniel, G. Davis, Jeffer-
son Davis, Dobbin, Dromgoole, Erdman, Faran,
Ficklin, Foster, Fries, Gentry, Giles, Graham,
Haralson, Henley, Milliard, Hogc, Hopkins,
G. S. Houston, E. W. Hubard, Hunter, Charles
J. Ingersoll, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, G. AV. Jones, Thomas Butler
King, Lawrence, Leake, Leib, Ligon, Lumpkin,
Maelay, McClean,McConnell. McCrate, McDow-
ell, John P. Martin, Barclay Martin, Morse, Moul-
ton, Owen, Parish, Payne, Perrill, Price, Reid,
Relfe, Ritter, Roberts, A. D. Sims, Leonard H.
Simms, Simpson, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stephens,
Strong, Sykes, Thibodeaux, Jacob Thompson,
Tibbatts, Toombs, Treadway, Trumbo, Went-
worth, Wick, Yancey, Yell, Young, and Yost
—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Gt. Adams, An-
derson, Arnold, Ashmun, Baker, Benton, William
W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Chipman, Col-
lamer, Cranston, Culver, De Motf, Dixon, Dun-
lap, Ellsworth, Giddings, Goodyear, Gordon, Gri-
dcr, Grmnell, Grover, Hamlin, Hampton, Harper,
Herrick, Elias B. Holmes, Samuel D. Hubbard,
Hudson, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James
B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins, Daniel P.
King, Preston King, Lewis, Levin, McGauf>hey,
McHenry, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Niven, Pollock,
Ramsey, Juiius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Root, Sawtclle, Schenck, Seaman, Severance, Tru-
man Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stew
art, Strohm, Thomasson, Benj. Thompson, Til-
den, Vance, Wheaton, White, Williams, Wood,
and Woodruff—68.
And so the resolutions of the State of Massa-
chusetts were laid on the table. They were then
ordered to be printed*
The call for petitions having been concluded—
The next order of business was announced, viz:
The calling of the Standing Committees in order
for reports.
Several of the committees having been called,
and no reports being made—
Mr. MORSE, remarking that he presumed none
of the committees had so matured their business
as to be ready to report* moved that the Hou&« ad-
journ.
This motion having been agreed to—ayes 88,
noes 13—
The House adjourned*
PETITIONS, &c.
The following Petitions, &c., presented this day,
und-er the rule, were specially brought to the notice
of the Reporter:
B.y Mr. ST. JOHN: The petition of Frederick Waggoner
and other citizens of Big Spring township, Seneca town-
ship, Seneca county, Ohio,, asking permission to change
location of school land: referred to the Committee on Pah-
lic Lauds.
By Mr. BOYD: The papers of Mrs. Sarah Giay, asking a
pension: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
By Mr. ASHMTJN: Of Epaphras Hoyt and 217 citizens of
Deei field, Massachusetts.
Of Susan Wiliard and 180 other women of Deerfield; of
Solomon Graves and 67 others of Hatfield, Massachusetts.
OfMaiyC. Paige and 141 other women of fhimfield,
Massachusetts.
Of Lois Dickinson and 48 other women of Hatfield, Mas-
sachusetts.
By Mr. JOHNSON: The petition of Samuel P.Cooper
and 113 others, eiti/ensof Ciovdon, New Hamp^hue.
By Mr. JULIUS KOCKWBL L : Of A. Dickinson and 194
other women of Wilhamsbing, Ilampshiie county, Ma«s.
OfPrescott Wilhams and 204 others, citizens ot Williams-
burp:, Hampshire county, Ma*s.
Of E. K. Coggm and 71 other women of West Hampton,
Ilampshiie county, Mass.
Of D. Coggin and 68 others, citizens of West Hampton,
Hampshire •county, Mass.
Of John Snnth and 114 others, citizens of Muddlefield,
Hampshire county, Mass.
Of £0 legal voteis and 87 ladies of Buekland, Mass,
Of 117 legal voteit-' of AsJifield,
Of Reuben Smith and 25 otheis, citizens of Becket, Berk-
shire county, Mass.
Of 104 inhabitants of Lee, Berkshire county, Mass.
Of legal voters of Gieat Harrington, Mass.
Of 63 inhabitants of Penn, and 17 inhabitants ofFJoiida,
Berkshire county, Mass.
Of 125 inhabitants of Leverctt, and 42 inhabitants of Wen-
dell, Franklin county, Mass.
By Mr. GIDDINGS : Of Abram Allen and 174 citizens of
Clinton county, Ohio.
Of A. M. Brukus and 308 citizens of Tannersville, New
York.
Of John G. McCullough and 47 citizens of Harrison coun-
ty, Ohio.
Of George Thomas and 53 citizens of Winfield, Herkimer
county, New York.
Of William Ciowell and 25 citizens of Geneva, Ohio,
against admitting to a seat a? a member of the House of
Representatives any man who has not been seven years a
resident of the United States.
Of N. M. Chappel and 58 citizens of Medina, Ohio, to die
same effect.
Of J. C. Ray and 90 citizens of New Bedford, Massachu-
setts, praying Congress to refund the fine imposed on Cap-
tain Walker m Florida, and a compensation for the time he
was detained m prison.
Of Lucretius Bis?el and 25 citizens of Ashtabula county,
Ohio, setting forth their belief that the annexation of Te.\as
ad a slave Htnte would be a gross outrage upon their rights,
and remonstrating against it, and praying the representa-
tives ©f the free States, in case of its "admission, to withdraw
from Congress and call a convention of the fiee States to
form a constitution which shall admit no slave State.
By Mr. DE MOTT: A remonstrance of 319 citizens of
the town of Galen, New York.
By Mr. P. KING: The remonstrance and protest of Lyn-
don King, of Lowville, Lewis county, New York.
By Mr. VANCE: A protest by the citizens ot ML Cham-
ber^burg, Champaign county, Ohio. Also, a protest by the
citizens of Logan comity, same State.
By Mr. B. THOMPSON: The remonstrances of Timothy
Vint,en and 395 other inhabitants of Pepperell, Massachu-
setts ; aiid of Arad II. Wood and 35 other inhabitants of the
same State.
By Mr. WHEVTON: The lemonstraneeof John C. Hitch-
cock and 11 other citizens of Otisco, Onondaffacountv.New
York.
By Mr. S. D. HUBBARD: The remonstrance of Georae
Bartlett and 41 other inhabitants of the State of Connecti-
cut.
By Mr. W. HUNT: The petition of James C. Hale and
Maiia C. Irving, children of Mordecai Hale, a surgeon's
mate in the Revolution, prayinsj commutation.
On motion of Mr. P. KING,"the papers of John Davidson
were referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pontons-.
By Mr. STROHM: The petition of Benjamin Kent and
59 other inhabitants of the State of Pennsylvania, pia\in*
I for the abolition of slaveiv i.i the District of Columbia. " °
| Also, the memorial of Thomas Moore and 39 other?, citi-
| of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the admission
: of Tevas into the Urnon a«s a <*!ro'e State.
Also, the puitionofTlioniasMooioand 31 o*]icr<.inhabit
