54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bete. ;16,
ants of the same Statu, praying for an alteration of the Con-
stitution of the United States.
By Mr. L. MARTIN, of Wisconsin: The petition of 11.
8. Biid and 9:3 others, foi the improvement of the Fox and
Wisconsin uvors: referred to the Committee on TloarU ami
Canals. The petition of William Blake tor a pension • re-
ferred to the Committee oft Invalid Pen?xoii«. 'IVf1 petition
of Lamlon Carter tor a pension : refom-d to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions. The petition of Siitan Gratiot
foi allowance of claim: referred to the Committee j.iaims.
The iemon*france of W. Potts and Mar> Potts, and 15 otker
persons, citizens of White Wnfor. Walworth county,
consm, against the admission ot Texas a3 a State. The
petition ami papers of Thomas S. Frank?, of Wisconsin,
asking for compensation for property n.-ed by the United
States • referred to t'.se Committee of Claim?..
By Mr. POLLOCK: The petition of Samuel Jordan, of
Milton, Pennsylvania, pia^msr for a pension.
By Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina: The memorial of
She hens of "Robert Sewali, for commutation pay.
By Mr. RELFE: The petition*? of citizens of the Strte of
MK>ouri, pravituj iito remo\<il of the land office at Jackson,
in that Btace/io some more central pointm the district; and
asking thai the petitions and remonstrances heretotore pi e-
sentcrt on tliis subject, on file m the Clerk's office, be with-
drawn, and. together with the petition* now presented, be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
jiv Mr. VANCE: The petition and papers of Simnjtton
Buftinbargen, asking compensation for a tiwt ot land pur-
chased of the United States, and from which he was dispos-
sessed by an adverse claimant.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The petition of Jesse Campbell,
praunq for a p^iMon for a disability incurred while in the
service of the United States during the lat'1 war with Cieat
Britain.
By Mr. HENLEY: The petition of the heiis of Colonel
Francis Vigo.
Also, the"petition of Andrew and John Moddrel!, pia\ing
for a pension.
By Mi. PETTIT: Tlie petition of Francis Strother, pray-
ing the redemption of money paid to him by the Govern-
ment, for seivioes in the levolutionary war; which was
read, and refeired to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 16, 1845.
Mr. ALLEN gave notice that he should to-mor-
row ask leave touitrodueen jointrpsolntinn, advis-
ing the President of the United S'atcs to give im-
mediate notice to the Government of Great Britain
of the termination of the joint occupancy of the
Oregon Territory.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
petition of Caleb Green, late clerk of the United
States district court for the district of Louisiana,
praying the passage of an act to refund to him an
amount of office rent paid by him for the accom-
modation of the records of his office; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SPEIGHT, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill pro-
viding for the appropriation of alternate sections ]
of the public lands for the improvement of Pearl S
river; which was read a first and secon'd time, and !
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. j
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of the
Philadelphia Board of Trade, praying an appro-
priation for a survey of the Ohio river, with a
view to its improvement by means of slack-water
navigation; which was referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
Mr. C. also presented a memorial of citizens of
Western Pennsylvania and Ohio, praying- the con-
struction of a steamboat canal around the Falls of
St. Mary's; which was referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
Mr. C. further presented the petition of William
W. Hubbell, of Philadelphia, asking' an appro-
priation for the purpose of defraying the expenses
of proposed experimental trials of an explosive
concussion shell, to be used for military purposes,
invented by him; which was referred to the Com-
mit'ee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of
Mary Reeside, praying the payment of a sum of
money found to be due her late husband, James
Reesiiie, by the verdict of a jury in a suit institu-
ted against him by the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JARNAGJN presented a memorial from
the State Legislature of Tennessee, asking the re-
linquishment to that State of certain lands lying
south and west of the congressional reservation
line, and a grant of land to the West Tennessee
college at. Jackson, in said State, for the purposes
of education; which was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. J. also. in pursuance of notice, asked tuid
obtained leave to introduce a bill for tne relief of
Julia A. Russell, lieir of William Russell, de-
ceased; which was read a fir«t and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial of the pilots of
the port of New York, praying the repeal or mod-
ification of the act of March'2d, 1837, concerning
pilots*, which was ordered to be printed and refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ATHERTON gave notice of his intention
to ask leave of the Senate to introduce a bill pro-
viding for the settlement of the claims of 3Sew
Hampshire against the United States.
Mr. MILLER offered the following resolution;
which, under the rule, lies over:
Revolved. That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a port of entry at Jersey city, in the State
of New Jersey,
Mr. UPHAM presented a remonstrance of citi-
zens of Veivnont, against the admission of Texas
into the Union as a slave State; which was laid
upon the table.
*Mr. BAHiiOY/ presented the memorial ofVil-
leneuve Le Blanc, p raving the confirmation of his
tide to a tract of land "in the State of Louisiana;
which was lefcr.ed 10 the Committee on Private
Lr-::d Churns.
J.Tr. DIX presented a protest from the citizens
of Wiina, Jeiferson county, New York, against;
the admission of Texas into the Union with a con- i
sutution tolerating slavery; which was laid on the j-
table, j
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a similar re- j
monstrance from citizens of Connecticut; which >
also was laid on the table.
Mr. LEVY called up the following resolution,
offered by him on the 10th instant:
Resohcdi That the Secretary of War be required
to transmit to this body a copy of the map 01 Flor-
ida, recently prepared in the Bureau of Topograph-
ical Engineers.
The resolution was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a report from the Secretary of State, con-
taining the information called for by the resolution
of the Senate of the 8th of January last, in relation
to the claim of the owneis of,the brig General
Armstrong against the Government of Portugal.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, the
message was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The PRESIDENT also laid Before the Senate
a proposal fiom F. Jefferson & Co., to do the
printing of said Senate, at an average reduction of
33 per cent.; which was laid upon the table.
The PRESIDENT also presented a report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, accompanied by a
jppoi-t of the Superintendent of the coast survey,
showing the progress made during the past year
in the survey of the coast of the United States.
Air, HUNTINGTON said that this report was
n very important, interesting, ana useful docu-
ment, and much sought after; and, therefore,
moved that 250 copies be printed for the -use of
the office of the Superintendent of the coast sur-
vey.
Mr. DAVIS suggested, as a modification of the
motion, that a further 250 copies of the report be
printed for the use of the Senate; which modifica-
tion was accepted by Air. H., and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of sixty-
fonr steamboat captains, navigating the western
rivers, praying the construction of a canal around
the foils of the Ohio river; which was referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Air. CREESE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies over:
Resolved, That the remaining copies of Brevet
Captain Fremont's reports of his expeditions to
the Rocky mountains, and Territory* of Oregon,
and heretofore ordered, with the maps and engrav-
ings, to be printed for the use of the Senate, be
bound in good muslin binding, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Senate; proposals therefor
to be advertised by him m two newsioapers of gen-
erol circulation, and the price thereof not to ex-
ceed fifty cenis per copy.
Air. JOHNSON, of Loin siana, submitted the
following- resolution; which, under the rule, lies
over:
Sesohed, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of in-
creasing the compensation of the United States
district attorney for the distnet of Loyisiaps, in
consequence of the duties «npo«d opoo Bp fey
an act entitied "An act to provide.for tlu> adjust-
4 ment of land claims within the States of * SJ is&o u ri,
1 Arkansas, and Louisiana, and. tit those pana of
' the States of Mississippi and Alabama sop# of
<• the 31st degree.of north latitude, and between the
' Mississippi and Pertjido rivers," approved i$tie
IT, 1844; and by the repeal of en act entitled "An
' act to repeal an art for the better organization of
' the district court of the United States within the
< State of Louisiana, and for other purposes," ap-
proved February 3, 1845.
Mr. WOOPBIUDOffi, pursuant to notice given
yesterday, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill to amend an act confirming certain land claims
in the State of Michigan; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
NATIONAL DEFENCE.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the resolutions submitted by Mr. Cass, being
the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. NILES expressed his disinclination to pro-
long the debate on these resolutions to any great
extent. His mind was not without serious doubts
as to the course which had been, pursued. He
was unprepared for the wide range which the dis-
cussion had taken. Instead of being cm,fined to
the subject-matter of the resolutions, it had gone
into the question at large of the dispute between
Great Britain and the United States. He was nof
prepared for any definite action on the subject at
this time. It occurred to him that this precipitate
debate might have, from the hasty manner in
which gentlemen had expressed their sentiments,
an unfavorable effect. If this measure did not
wear a war aspect, it had been so assnraed on the
other side; and in both countries the same effect
was likely to be produced. These resolutions
themselves were upon the table as presenting a
mere subject of inquiry or instruction to their own
committees; and he presumed . that they would
have passed as a matter of course, without obser-
vation, were they not, from the tnoH'H^lale 4Coar
foreign relations,and from the debate which "sprung
up in a desultory manner, so intimately connected
with, the "great question of the day.' There could
be no harm in adopting those resolutions, inde-
pendently of their influence on this body. He held,
therefore, mainly, that the sentiments expressed
on this subject by his friends were right, but that
the question shouid have come up in some other
form; and he candidly admitted that, taken in
connexion with the debate, these resolutions did
present somewhat a war aspect—covering, as they
did, the whole ground of our national means of de-
fence, naval and military. When viewed in con-
nexion with the debate which followed their pre-
sentation, and the disposition, as it appeared to
him, on the other side, to make the impression that
it was a preliminary step to put the country in an
attitude of war, and that 110 other alternative was
left, his friends were placed hi a position he was
not willing to sanction. He should vole for the
resolutions, although it was more in conformity
with his views that they should not be presented
in such a form; hut, as they were introduced, he
thought a much worse consequence would result
and had been debated, lie would take the liberty of
looking, for a moment, at the question. He did
not, however, propose to go into it at any length.
The question now submitted to them was, What
had Congress to do with the controversy in its
present state ? Was it our province to act ? or was it
more proper to leave in the hands of the President
the negotiation which was in his charge? If he un-
derstood the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Makgum,]—who took occasion, from his position,
very properly to profess die utmost confidence in
the Lxeeutive in this matter, and so much confi-
dence, if he understood the Senator correctly, that
he was willing to leave the whole matter witfi him,
and that theie was nothing for the Senate to do-
it appeared to him the Senator from North Caro-
lina had mistaken the position assumed by the
President in the Message. Instead of the mat ter
being with the Executive, and not with them, he
understood it as directly the reverse. It was no
longer with the Executive, bat. with them. Great
or small, the responsibility was with them, and
