1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
the greater responsibility devolved on them. The
President had made a concession which had been
rejected by the British Plenipotentiary, who, with-
out submitting any new proposition, suffered the
negotiation, on his part, to drop. The negotiation,
therefore, had been brought to a close. He had
heard no objection to the course of the Executive
in-making this concession; although some were of
-opinion that he had yielded too much. But, having
conceded so much, the negotiation was at an end.
Could the Executive do more ? DijL gentlemen
wish to make further concessions ? Me would not
do injustice to them by such a supposition. He
repeated, the question had passed from the hands
of the Executive to them, and they were now call-
ed on to act in relation to it. " And what ought to
be their action ? That was the great question for
them to consider. The President himself had re-
commended certam things to be done in the present
aspect of the controversy; and he took the recom-
mendation—not because the President had advised
them to do certain things—not wholly for that rea-
son, but because it appeared to him that the state of
the controversy required that they should be done.
Whether or not we were now pursuing the pro-
per course, it was, in his opinion, now too late to
adopt the suggestion made hy a distinguished Sen-
ator [Mr. Calhoun] not yet in his seat, to let. the
matter rest in a condition of "masterly inactivity."
That time had gone by. "VVe are now called on
by a,new state of circumstances to act. The
present aspect of the controversy forces action
upon us, and every one must see that the tyjac has
come when the question must be settled. Our
citizens had gone to settle the country of Oregon,
and claimed our protection. Every man must
therefore see that the time had come when the
question must be settled. Great Thifain, as well
as the United States, seemed to think that the time
had come for the question to be settled. The con-
troversy had been brought to a point—broken off
for the present. And now, what was to be done?
Should they recede? That they could not do.
They must do something, for it had already been
ascertained that the Executive could do nothing
more; and it remained for Congress to act. But
what, should they do? It seemed to him that the
duty was plain—they must at least asseit their
rights, and take such action as the position of the
controversy with regard to the territory required.
In relation to Oregon, the President had recom-
mended that they should hold on to all the right
they could, consistently with existing treaties, and
that they take steps to disembarrass themselves
from all entanglements, and then assert our entire
rights over the territory. All they could do now,
while these treaties exist, was to pursue the course
recommended; and that was, to go at least as far
as to assert our jurisdiction, as had been done by
Great Britain, That Government had extended
their laws over their own subjects in the territory,
and had virtually annexed it to Canada. Con-
gress were, then, he thought, called on to do the
same for our citizens, who were every day going
there in huge numbers; and they demanded at our
hands protection. Couhhwe abandon them ? Is'o;
they were citizens of the United States, and by re-
moving they did not forfeit their claim to our pro-
tection. We must either abandon our claims to
that territory, or take measures to protect them.
One of these we must do. Congiess was called
upon to do so, by extending over them our juris-
diction. We can go thus mr, and yet avoid any
danger of war. The President also recommends
another step: to give the notice provided for m the
convention, and in this way terminate the joint
occupation—yes, the joint occupation. What
could have been the object of this joint occupancy
beyond that of a mere temporary provision ? Could
it have been supposed that two separate jurisdic-
tions could be sustained in the same country?
Certainly not. It must have been a mere tempo-
rary provision, for the purpose of preserving
peace among those who inhabited the territory.
That state of things had gone by. The country
had now become, or was rapidly becoming, settled
and civilized, and required a different action; we
must now necessarily have the exclusive jurisdic-
tion. The President recommends that both par-
ties be restored to their original position. This he ■
was prepared for, but he did not regard it as ueces- j
sarily leading to a rupture. Kot so. He regarded ;
it, on the contrary, as necessary to preserve peace; !
but he thought it incumbent on us to adopt other !
measures looking to the possibility of an unfavor-
able result. It was an old, and had never ceased to
bea wise maxim—" In peace prepare for war;'' and
he wished to see the country put in the best state
of defence. Great Britain was always prepared;
she had m her' possessions in every part of the
world an extensive navy and strong armament,
and was always in a condition for war; but we
were differently situated. If war should be inevit-
able, however, it would be great folly in us not to
prepare for the worst. He viewed these resolu-
tions as preliminary to putting the country in a
proper state to meet the exigency of war, if we
are required to meet it. And why not? It had
been sdid by the Senator from North Carolina that
he wished the matter to be left in the hands of the
Executive. It was no longer there. And as war
may be the result, we should, wil h reasonable fore-
sight, prepare for the worst. s But, for one, lie not
only hoped and desired peace, but believed that we
should preserve it. He would go further; for him-
self, he considered the question settled the moment
either party renews the proposition of the 4'Jth
degree as the boundary line. He believed that
this proposition would be renewed, not 011 our
part, but that Great Britain would offer it, when
she found she could getno more, and that wc were
not to be frightened, bullied, or driven. He be-
lieved that there would be a peaceful termination of
the matter. The President had seen fit to renew a
proposition formerly offeiecl, as a basis of compro-
mise, but it had been rejected; and now it was a
reasonable course for Congress to take any means
to put the country in a state of defence. If the
question at issue were settled without war, we
would lose nothing, except a few dolLns, by our
preparations; but if nut settled without war, wc
would be 111 a condition to defend our,selves, and
a\crt disaster and defe.it, and save the \uiuable
lives of our people. The course marked out in
the resolutions, then, was so u plain that a way-
faring man, though a fool, need not err therein."
Much had been said about the display of patri-
otism, and some had intimated that there had been
a monopoly of it; but lie thought such ideas ought
to be excluded from the controversy, especially as
Senators 011 the other side had admitted thai every-
thing consistent with justice and honor had been
done by the Executive, and moderation and con-
ciliation were required. He, for one, hoped, that
on this question they would all act with a degree
of unanimity. We wanted no professions of pa-
triotism on this side of the chamber, or the other,
but would judge of the patriotism of all by their
acts and their votes, and not by their professions.
The Senator who introduced these resolutions,
[Mr. Cass,] had said that the two parties in Eng-
land were united. He believed it was no new
thing in that country. He believed it had always
been so; but however much they were united on
questions of foreign relations, and questions of
territory or foreign possessions, he trusted that
we also were one united people; and might we
not hope that, on tins question, we may exhibit
a similar example of union ? The Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Archer] was pleased to remark,
yesterday, that he thought we could avoid war;
if not, if we weie to have war,'it would result from
the proceedings of this chamber. He (Air. jN"ills)
was at a loss to know the precise views the Sena-
tor had of the proceedings which had taken place.
Probably he alluded to a spirit—a war spirit—ap-
prehended somewhere ; and that the adoption of
measures which were called for by the.occasion,
would furnish provocation of war, and that we
should act in a manner so wanting in moderation
and respect to Great Britain, that our own meas-
ures would necessarily produce war. If this con-
struction was correct, he thought the Senator
would find himself mistaken, as far as this branch
of Congress was concerned. There was another
view of the subject. In whatever spirit, measures
were adopted, they would be .sent out to the world
more boldly and fearlessly, and with more effect,
than had been supposed. If anything they did
would have a tendency to produce war, it would be
the want of unanimity in the assertion of our rights.
If, however, we apprehended war, we should adopt
measures to resist, with undivided counsels. If
we present a divided front, our great opponent will
be hd to infer that we enter into the controversy
with one-half of the people against us. She would
believe, as she did once before, that half the hearts
of the people were with her. If anything, then,
could lead to war, it would be the want of harmony
among ourselves. If we are divided by party lines,
that must have the effect of weakening our efforts.
He hoped this would not be the case. He would
refrain from any appeal to his honorable friends on
the other side, for he was satisfied they understood
the duty they owed to their country. Deprecating
war, as they did, he hoped they would so act as
to ward off the danger. He did not wish to go to
war. He would say nothing about the ambi-
tion and policy of the nation with which it was
to be waged. Whatever might be said on this
subject should make no difference here. We
stood on our own rights, and pursued our own
course. If dealing with a nation less powerful,
ambitious, and grasping, wc should insist on our
rights; we should not diminish or relinquish our
claims any sooner than if we were in negotiation
with the most powerful nation on earth. However
poweiful England is, we were called on to unite
and to defend our own land. This was all that
was asked—this was what we were capable of do-
ing in tins or any other controversy. If war should
come—if we are to be engaged in a contest with
Great Britain—we are descended from the same
stock; the same Anglo-Saxon blood courses through
our veins; our arm is not yet enervated by a long
possession of wealth, and a long course of luxu-
rious habits; and it may be our lot to make her
realize the beautiful figure of the poet—u The ar-
row which pierced the eagle's heart was feathered
from her own wing." He hoped these resolutions
would pass with unanimity. Senators would con-
sider that the resolutions were here; and although
the question might more properly come up 111 some
other form, yet, if they rejected them, we would be
committed to the world as dividing at the very
outset. He hoped gentlemen would consider well
before they gave their votes. In conclusion, he
would only express the hope that, m all the meas-
ures which the emergency nnght call for, our con-
duct ought to show that, while we love peace, we
fear not war.
Mr. CRITTEXDEN next addressed the Senate.
He remarked that, m the resolutions themselves, he
perceived nothing objectionable, and he was quite
ready to vote for appropriations which might be
deemed necessary at any time to place the coun-
try in a state of complete defence, and to provide
against the possible contingency of a war. The
remai\ks, however, which were made by the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, the mover of these
resolutions, gave to them a peculiar significance, a
peculiar degree of consequence and importance,
under the circumstances in which they were placed.
Those remarks, m fact, according to his under-
standing, conveyed an assurance, and from a very
high authority, too, that war mightjnow be looked
upon as almost inevitable; they were, as far as the
honorable Senator could make them so, a declaration
of war. Remarks of that character were calcula-
ted deeply to affect the interests of the people, and
seriously to disturb the business of the country.
He felt assured, therefore, that the Senator* had
not made them unadvisedly and without proper
deliberation. As for this Government receding
from the propositions she had already made, the
Senator had said that he mentioned it only for the
purpose of denouncing it. Our position, then,
was fixed ; and, according to the Senator from
Michigan, unless Great Britain thought proper to
recede, there must be war. The Senator had asked,
When did Great Britain ever recede? But more
than this: they were informed that the President,
in his Message, had recommended that notice
should be given of the termination of joint occu-
pancy; and the Senator had proceeded to say that,
if the notice were given, war would be inevitable.
They were, indeed, then, according to the authority
of the honorable Senator, standing on the very verge
of war. And if the whole Senate were of the same
opinion, instead of adopting- a resolution of inquiry
which they were now called on to adopt, they
would at once employ themselves in making every
effort at preparation, and putting 011 all their armor
without any delay.
Mr. CASS desired to explain. He did not say
that war was inevitable, but that if England, at
the expiration of the year, persisted 311 the prac-
tical assertion of her claim to the Territory of
Oregon, it would lead to a war. He had stated
yesterday, and he would repeat it now, that he
believed England would persist in that claim.
Mr. C11ITTEIN"DE"N. Under these imposing
