56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 16,
circumstances, we may well ask of the watchman,
What of the night ? What are we to (lo ? I take
for granted that we shall give the notice of the ter-
mination of the joint occupancy; and if we do,
the Senator tells us there must be war!
Mr. CASS. But I added, as I now do, if Eng-
land persist, as I believe she will, in practically
asserting her claim!
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then the Senator wishes
to be understood as speaking qualifiedly. I would
be very glad to hear any explanation from the
honorable Senator by which public anxiety might
be relieved.
Mr. CASS said he could give no such explana-
tion. His opinion, if the Senator desired to hear
it, was, that we are almost on the verge of war;
for he believed that England would persist in her
claim.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said that these moment-
ous announcements were calculated, he thought,
to create very great apprehensions in the public
mind, particularly when coupled with other re-
marks of the same nature, made by the honorable
Senator. After, for instance, informing the Senate
that England was not in the habit of receding
from any pretension which she once sets up,
though we cannot settle the differences in any
other way, he yet repudiates the idea of arbitra-
tion. Well, then, what was the conclusion at
which the honorable Senator arrived ? It was that
war was inevitable.
Mr. CASS observed that he did not wish to
convey any other idea than that he very much
feared war would ensue, because he believed that
England would persist in her pretensions.
Mr. CRITTENDEN now understood the Sen-
ator to say that he believed England would persist
in asserting her claim to the whole of the Oregon
Territory.
Mr. CASS. That is it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, after the speech
of the Senator of yesterday, that is something of
a retraction.
Mr. CASS. I do not retract a single word. I
will repeat what I said. [Mr. C. here produced a
copy of the report of his speech, as prepared by
himself for the Union, and read the passage re-
ferred to.]
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Now I am totally at a
loss. Does the gentleman mean that if we give
the notice—and he thinks we ought to give it—war
will necessarily follow?
Mr. CASS. If, at the expiration of the year,
England persists in her claim. I cannot say what
she will do, but I believe she will persist.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senator then at
length, instead of announcing an inevitable infer-
ence, makes his inference contingent upon the hap-
pening of other events—upon the concurrence of j
other circumstances. His conclusion, to be com- I
plete, will require various other facts: such as that
Great Britain will, at the end of the year, take hos-
tile possession of the whole territory, ft might
be very fairly inferred that such a course on the
part of Great Britain would lead to a war; and if
the Senator desired to make out a case somewhat
stronger, let him suppose that Great Britain should
land her forces and take possession of the city of
Charleston, or Norfolk, or Baltimore. In short,
the meaning of the Senator, after all, was, that war
would inevitably take place, provided the grounds i
for war were hereafter supplied. He had at first
feared that the announcement made by the Senator
would have the effect to create a false alarm; and
this effect he thought the more likely to be pro- !
duced by reason of the high character and stand- j
ing of the Senator; not from his personal and pn-1
vate character and standing alone, but from the inti-!
mate and confidential relations which he was sup- I
posed to bear to the present Chief Magistrate of i
the nation. It would be very naturally supposed ;
that declarations of so momentous a character
would not be made without the knowledge of the
sentiments entertained by the Administration.
Taking all these considerations together, he was
somewhat under the impression that the authority
given so apparently in earnest must be set down
as an evidence that, in the opinion of the Senator
from Michigan, there was to be war.
two such nations as the United States and Great
Britain, out of such a cause. Is it possible that
we cannot settle the boundary of a distant strip of
territory, of no great value either, without a war?
Cannot the diplomacy of the country settle a ques-
tion of this sort, without imbruing the hands of
the two nations in blood? What is their wisdom
worth—what is their diplomacy worth—if this be
the case? Sir, it ought to be settled; it is a dis-
credit to the two Governments that it is not set-
tled. There is no question of insulted honor—no
question of national character involved. This is
but a question regarding some portion of a distant
frozen barren territory, that has been in dispute for
thirty or forty years. I have- more confidence in
the wisdom, "humanity, and intelligence of the two
Governments, than to suppose it possible that
from such a cause war can arise. And while I
say this, I repeat that I perfectly agree with the
sentiments expressed by the Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Mangum,] and the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Archer,] yesterday, that if war
should come, I believe we shall see the whole
Union rally round the national standard, united as
a single man. Before the actual occurrence of war,
we may battle among ourselves; but when it
I comes, there is no neutral ground to stand upon.
But who is there that desires a war? None, I
I trust. All say it is to be deprecated and avoided;
1 and I trust that everything will be done on our
part that honor and policy permits to be done to
avoid it.
But we are now called upon to give notice of the
termination of the joint occupancy; and we are
told that, connected with other circumstances, war
is to be the consequence of that notice. Will it be
so? I think it ought not, and will not, unless we
co mmit a very egregious blunder. But if, as the
Senator says, we are in the path which leads to
war, let us march slowly and firmly upon it. Let
us be firm, self-possessed, and slow. We shall
not be the less formidable to our enemies while
advancing thus, than if we pursue the path as if
reckless of all consequences, wheresoever it may
lead us. Let us, then, if we are to give the notice
—and I think we cannot well avoid it—instead of
giving the precise notice indicated, let us give no-
tice to take effect two years hence; it will not the
less indicate our firmness and our determination.
Let us not act like a spiteful landlord giving no-
tice to a tenant, and limiting our tenant to the
shortest possible time; but give time for reflection
and negotiation. We ought not to be hasty or
careless of giving insult to any people, much less
to those whom by character and by lineage we
resemble so nearly. The question of settlement of
mere matters of interest may be difficult enough ;
but an insult is much more "difficult of settlement
between two high-spirited nations. Let us, then,
travel on with a firm and steady step, cautiously,
boldly, and at the same time manifesting a willing-
ness to secure an amicable adjustment of difficul-
ties in preference to war.
Mr. CASS. I have not a word to say. If the
gentleman will lend me the paper, I will read what
I did say. What I said is correctly reported in
the Union. Here it is, and I repeat it as I find it
here, word for word:
" I take it for granted that we shall give the no-
' tice recommended by the President; for, if we do
' not, we shall leave the people of Oregon without
' a go vernment, or with an impracticable one: and,
' in either event, the country is lost to us, and, the
' notice being given, in twelve months, without an
' abandonment of a large portion of her claim, we
' shall find ourselves involved in a war with En<r-
' land."
This is what I said, and what I now reiterate.
Mr. WEBSTER said he did not propose to offer
any opposition whatever to the passage of the reso-
lutions, though he could not perceive that there was
any very great necessity for their adoption. It did
not appear to him that they charged the commit-
tees with any especial new duty. Inquiry into the
matters here suggested was the ordinary duty of
the committees, and he did not think there were
any extraordinary circumstances existing which
rendered it necessary on this occasion to instruct
c- i'tliem by a resolution of the Senate, or to stimulate
(.contlllued Mr. Crittenden,) I do not my- ,i them m the performance of an established duty,
self believe—speaking with all due deference for j1 Nevertheless, he regretted the introduction of these
the distinguished Senator—that we are to have a i| resolutions, combined as they were with the re-
a   ue¥0r,, e t0 reall2-e to my j| marks which the Senator from Michigan had
mind that a war could possibly grow up between j| thought proper to address to the Senate, because
he agreed with the Senator from Kentucky, that
their introduction in that manner appeared to give
something to them of significance which would
create unnecessary alarm. Every member of the
Senate knew, and every man of intelligence knew,
that unnecessary alarm and apprehension about
the preservation of the public peace was a great
evil. It disturbed the business of the country; it
disturbed the calculations of men; it deranged the
pursuits of lift, and even, to a great extent, changed
the circumstances of the who!® business of the
country.. This truth will be felt more especially
by every gentleman acquainted or connected with
the seaboard. They all knew what an immense
amount ofproperty was afloat upon the ocean, car-
ried there by our citizens in the prosecution of their
maritime pursuits. They all knew that a rumor of
war, or the breath of a rumor of war, would affect
the value of that property. They all knew what
effect it would have upon insurances. They all
knew what immense amounts of property on shore .
would be effected by the agitation of public opin-
ion upon an intimation of the disturbance of the
pacific relations existing between this country and
foreign States.
Sir, (said Mr. W.) there are two ways, in either
of which a Government may proceed—and when
I have stated them I think it will be obvious to
every one which is the wisest. We may, if we
choose, create alarm and apprehension. We may,
if we are wiser, cause no unnecessary alarm, but
make quiet, thorough, just, politic, statesmanlike
provision for the future.
Mr. President, I am entirely of the opinion of
the Senator from Kentucky. I have not been able
to bring myself to believe that war will grow out
of this matter, certainly not immediately; and I
think I cannot be mistaken when I say that the
recommendations which the Chief Magistrate has
made to Congress did not show that he expected
war. I think it impossible to mistake the mean-
ing of the President. He does not expect war.
Looking at the state of things around us, and at
what is stated by the Executive, I cannot believe
that he apprehends any danger.
Sir, I abstain cautiously from offering any re-
mark upon that portion of the Message which re-
fers to the negotiation. I abstain with equal care
from any remark upon a correspondence which
lias been published. I do not wish to say whether
it does appear from that correspondence that ne-
gotiation is so completely and entirely at an end
that no amicable disposition of the question may
be looked for hereafter from a diplomatic source.
It is enough for me, in order to accomplish all the
purposes of these few remarks, to say, that, while
lam incapable of bringing myself to the belief
that the President apprehends any immediate dan-
ger of war, I may be allowed to suppose, or to
I imagine, that he (the President) may entertain an
I opinion similar to that which has been expressed
| this morning by the Senator from Connecticut. He
may possibly look for propositions to come from
the other side, having communicated the ultima-
tum of this Government. Whether it be in this
view or upon other grounds that the expectation
is entertained, it is enough for me to deprecate any
false alarm that may arise to disturb the tranfjuil-
i lity of the country.
| The President may feel, as I am bound to sup-
j pose he does feel, the full weight of the responsi-
| bility which attaches to him in relation to every
j interest of this country, and the greatest of ail ia-
| terests, the peace of the country. I am bound to
: suppose he understands the position in which he
| is placed, and that he judges wisely as to the cx-
| tent to which he should go in submitting propo-
| sitions to Congress. Therefore, I entirely concur
1 ill the opinion which has been expressed, that he
cannot regard the present position of affairs as
leading to any immediate danger of war.
Acting upon these conclusions, (said Mr. W.)
and entertaining these views, all the regret I feel at
the introduction of these resolutions is, as I have
said, that, accompanied with the remarks which
fell from the honorable Senator when he called
them up, they might have a tendency to create un-
necessary alarm. He trusted that every member
of the community would perceive that it was ne-
cessary to suppress all alarm; and, as far as he
was concerned, if gentlemen thought that the time
had come for enlarging the defences of the coun-
try, for augmenting the army and the navy, he
was ready to co-operate with them.
