1845.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
Mr. W. concluded by expressing the hope that,
while they did everything that was necessary for
the preservation of the honor and the interests of
the country, they would abstain from creating any
unnecessary alarm in the public mind.
Mr. SEVIER. These are mere resolutions of
inquiry, such as are submitted at every session of
Congress; and it strikes me with no little surprise
that no inquiry, no reference to the subject of
Oregon, can be made^on thisflooi-, without encoun-
tering opposition. Whenever any such inquiries
or references are made, the cry is immediately
raised—" Beware!" " Take care lest you provoke
a war!" We are admonished, in the most pathet-
ic terms, to be extremely cautious in our speech—
to be wary of our utterances—to be careful lest we
disturb the business pursuits of this country. Even
when it is admitted on all hands that preparations
ought to be made for the purpose of putting the
country in a proper posture of defence, still we
are tola that we must do it with padlocks on our
lips—we must go about the discharge of our duty
by stealth! I have had occasion heretofore to
comment on this strange feature in our proceed-
ings, as I comment now; and I really can hardly'
find words to express the astonishment with which
I have listened to admonitions, and appeals, and
solemn invocations, all put forth on the ground
that we cannot undertake any measures for the
defence of our country; that we cannot do what,
as American citizens, we may think the interests of
the country demand, for fear of producing a panic—
for fear of exciting apprehension—for fear of pro-
voking the hostility of an opposing foreign power.
Every effort for the security of the country, which
patriotic devotion to the maintenance of the na-
tional honor may prompt, appears to be met in
some quarters with the cry—"Oh! the British!
" the British will blockade our Atlantic coast, and
' destroy all our commerce."
My friend from Michigan has been pretty well
catechised this morning—he has been questioned
with a great deal of perseverance, for the purpose
of ascertaining whether he supposes that war is
likely to ensue between us and Great Britain. A
wonderful degree of nei vous anxiety appears to
have been excited relative to the probability of
such a war. Well, now, in my humble opinion,
war will come. Why ? I think so for two rea-
sons: one is, that Great Britain has never receded
from any position till forced to recede. And it
has been her bullying that has secured for her the
respect of all Europe. She is a court-house bully,
and, in her bullying, in my opinion, lies all her
strength. Now, she must be forced to recede.
And, like any of our western bullies, who, when
once conquered, can be kicked by everybody from
one end of the country to the other, England will,
in case she do not peacefully recede with the best
grace she can from her position on this question,
receive once more that salutary lesson which we
have on more than one occasion already taught her.
Oh! but we are admonished to think of the peace
of Great Britain. The gentleman knows very lit-
tle of the people I represent, and amongst whom I
was born, and among whom I have lived, if he
supposes that they will ever hesitate in the path of
devotion to their country for fear of interrupting
the peace of Groat Britain, or any other country.
If gentlemen suppose the people west of the moun-
tains would ever give up an inch of territory rightly
belonging to them because it happened to be claim-
ed by Great Britain or any other Power, they do
not know them as I do. I should like very much
indeed to hear any one get on the stump in my
part of the country, sir, and undertake to tell us
that the President had established our claims to
Oregon, and made it as plain as the avenue leading
to the White House; but, inasmuch as theieis
great danger that Great Britain may capture our
ships, and burn our cities and towns, it is very
improper for us to give notice that we will insist
on our claim, and make every preparation for its
maintenance, if necessary, "by force!—I need
hardly say that such a one, if he could be found,
would be summarily treated as a traitor to his
country.
But it is said that this is a " small matter;" that
the bone of controversy is not worth fighting about.
Why, sir, a few pounds of tea in Boston harbor
was a small matter! And during the last war,
when a few hundred ragged sailors were borne
across the Atlantic, taken from a ship on the high
seas, many thought that these poor ragamuffins were
not worthy of the attention of the nation, lest we
might get into a controversy with that great Power.
And now we have again that cry—tins is a small
matter. What! gentlemen exclaim, is it possible
that you will go to war about this small territory
on the Pacific, barren, and frozen, and all that—
only five or six latitudes! Is it possible, they ask
us, with well-affected anxiety, is it possible that
you will, for such a miserable spot, go to war with
the mammoth Power of the European world! Mr.
President, I will not waste the time of the Senate
in replying to such arguments as these. But my
friend from Massachusetts is liberal. He says you
may make these preparations for war; but, he adds,
very significantly, "Keep dark; Oh! be sure you
keep dark! If you don't keep dark the British
will come and destroy us."
Mr. WEBSTER. The honorable gentleman
misrepresents, unintentionally, what I said. I said
that it appeared to me it would be wiser were we
to go on steadily, quietly, effectively, making pre-
parations, rather than excite alarm without making
adequate preparations. But I said nothing about
keeping dark; and the darkness exists only in the
Senator's understanding of my remarks.
Mr. SEVIER. Ah ! then the gentleman means
that we are to go on very quietly, and very effect-
ually, and very steadily—but, above all, very qui-
etly. Well, sir, I can only say that I would talk
a little louder to Great Britain than to any other
Power. 1 will never speak in a whisper to her.
There may be something going on which I know
nothing about in the way of negotiation; but I
would just as soon quit now as not. By refusing
to arbitrate, it may, perhaps, be said we impair our
claim; and it may be so ; and perhaps some of us
may think there is not an honest man on any
throne in Europe—and this also may be so for
aught I know. When 1 see such billing and coo-
ing between France and England ; and when I
think the Emperor of Russia may not desire to
have so near his territory a set of men who read
Paine's Rights of Man, and whistle " Yankee
Doodle," 1 feel disposed to settle the matter at
once by force of gunpowder.
I consider that the President acted wisely—very
wisely—m keeping the case in its present position,
and in giving the intimation of taking possession
after twelve months notice, and then to hold it—
yes, sir, to hold it by the force of that rascally
influence called gunpowder. That's my opinion,
These are plain common sense observations which
1 have offered. We have taken our course. We
have assumed our ground, and we cannot recede
without dishonor. Talk of peace—I tell you, sir,
the people of this country des re no peace pur-
chased by national dishonor. We have passed
the Rubicon. We must stand by the position as-
sumed by the President. I am anxious to have the
committees organised. In accordance with that
desire, I refrained yesterday from making any re-
marks, and so I had intended to have refrained
to-day; but when I hear so much about caution—
when [ hear gentlemen exclaiming, take care what
you do—proceed slowly, and gently, and silent-
ly,—and all for what purpose ?—why, if you do
otherwise, Great Britain may be displeased: then,
sir, I could not, in justice to my own feelings, or
to those whom I represent, remain silent—I could
not refrain from expressing my dissent from all
such logic and all such advice.
Mr. BERRIEN. There is a portion of the
people of these United States of a diverse way of
thinking from that of the Senator from Arkansas;
and, standing here as the representative of citizens
as anxious about our national interests and our
national honor as any other body of citizens in the
Union, I think it right to say a few words as to
the feelings of these people, as well as my own.
He understood the resolutions introduced by the
Senator from Michigan, as formal resolutions to
maintain national rights; and desired, before the
debate closed, to say a few words m relation to
them. He agreed with Senators who had pre-
ceded him in the debate, that the resolutions, con-
sidered in themselves, were particularly harmless
■—an inoffensive exorcise of a right which belonged
to every Government. More than that, they were
in themselves wise and proper; for, at all times,
it was the right and duty of a nation to make
these inquiries. If, therefore, it had pleased the
Senator from Michigan to have presented them to
the Senate unaccompanied with any remarks on
presenting them before this body, he (Mr. B.)
should have had no hesitation in voting in favor of
their adoption, and would have cheerfully acqui-
esced in them. If the subject had not been pressed,
out of order, before any of the standing commit-
tees had been appointed—but for this irregularity
of proceeding, the resolutions^ would have been
entitled to be deliberately weighed; and if the
Senator from Michigan had believed and said
they were so important as to require adoption, he
(Mr. B.) would have acquiesced. But, in present-
ing them, he had brought the Senate at once to the
whole existing and unhappy relations between the
two countries—the United States and Great Bri-
tain. In presenting them, too, he [the Senator
from Michigan] had called the attention of Sena-
tors to the remarks made six months ago in the
British Parliament by a leading member of that
House, in relation to the state of their foreign
relations—which remarks were uttered in reference
to the President's Inaugural; and the Senator re-
quested them to consider these opinions as indic-
ati ve of the feeling of Great Britain upon the whole
question. The honorable Senator was, therefore,
aware of the importance that would be attached to
him, and to anything that might fall from him on
the subject, distinguished as he was, not only as
a diplomatist, but as a legislator in the Senate, and
as a soldier in the field; so that, in as far as the
resolutions were to be considered, he might as well
have had his remarks incorporated with them I-Ie
might have begun with a distinct allusion to_ Great
Britain. He might have incorporated it in the
resolutions by way of preamble, and then asked
their adoption; and this course would have left no
room for doubt, none for conjecture as to his mo-
tives. He told them that they were mere resolu-
tions of luquiiy; but the honorable gentlema'i, by
his introductory remarks, gave them a fixedness,
by applying them to Great Britain distinctly, ami
left no room to doubt as to his motive; and if his
views be correct, be had no desire to disturb our
peaceful relations, but simply to provide for the
security of the country. He (Mr. B.) fully con-
curred with the Senator from Michigan in Ins
views and anxiety not to disturb the peace of the
country; and the question then arose, was it de-
sirable, where it was simply a question as to the
expediency of adopting such resolutions, to hate
introduced them in the manner in which the v had
been presented by the Senator from Michigan.
He (Mr. B.) presumed that it was not necessary
to qualify ourselves for entering into the discus-
sion by professions of patriotism. Presenting the
resolutions in the manner in which they had been
done by the Senator from Michigan, was not only
irregular, but it was a departure from the estab-
lished usage of the Senate, 'and not called for by
the exigencies of the case, or from any peculiar
aspect of their foreign relations. He thought
these considerations should have had weight with
the Senator from Michigan. There was yet ano-
ther aspect of the case. The Constitution of the
United States required that the President should
give them information, from time to time, on all
matters of public moment, and particularly on the
subject of their foreign relations. In accordance
with this provision, the President had done this,
and brought before them in detail the whole ques-
tion as to their foreign policy. He had also given
his views very fully, and recommended the meas-
ures which he thought desirable; and while the
whole of the Message remained on their table, and
before it was taken up for consideration, the Sen-
ator from Michigan called upon them to take an
important step in relation to the most important of
all the subject-matter contained in the Message.
He ivould ask honorable Senators, was this the
usage ? or was it an entire departure from the pre-
scribed forms of the Senate? The rules in that
chamber were adopted by those who preceded
them; it was wise, on their part, to adhere to
them, as they had been ratified by experience.
What was our attitude? We have the Message of
the Executive, which has not yet been referred to
any committee—no committees are yet organized
—yet we proceed to discuss at large the most im-
portant of the topics contained in the Message. He
submitted to honorable Senators if it would not
have been more staid and prudent, under these
circumstances, to have delayed this discussion.
There was yet another acpect in which he wish-
ed to view the question; and that was, that the
Senator from Michigan should also have consider-
ed the state of the pending negotiation on this sub-
