58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 16,
ject between them and Great Britain. He (Mr. B.)
did not hesitate to declare, from the very face of the
correspondence, that the negotiation was not at an
end. He based his opinion on the language, if true,
which was contained m the first protocol in the ne-
gotiation between the parties. The negotiation was
a negotiation that was entered into in the spirit of
compromise; and, he would ask, What was com-
promise ? "What did it mean ? What did it admit?
What did it exclude? Compromise admitted that
each had rights; but it excluded the exclusive
drum of either. They commenced, then, the ne-
gotiation with the concession that Great Britain
had rights in the territory. They admitted this j
when they entertained the proposition of settle-
ment as to boundary. The demarcation of boun-
dary was for territory mutually claimed; the pro-
position was rejected; and it was then withdrawn
by the American negotiator. The simple act of
withdrawal would have embarrassed the negotia-
tion. But this was not a simple withdrawal, for
the American Secretary said he was directed bv
the President to express a hope thnt there would
be no interruption to the peace aad harmony ex-
isting between the two countries. He (Mr. B.) |j
would ask, then, was this a termination of the lie- !,
gotiation? and was it the appropriate time, when !•
the negotiation was in this delicate position, to in-
terfere with it m this manner, and assert an exclu- :j
sive right to the whole of this terntoiv ? He re- /
collected, with much pleasure, the opinions ex-
pressed upon that floor heretofore by an honor- .,
able Senator, when the question of occupation of it
Oregon w.is before them for consideration, as to 'j
the propriety of providing grants of land to estab- J J
lish a chain of posts. He recollected with great |j
pleasure the opinions expressed by a distinguish- |!
ed Senator from South Carolina, not now m his j!
seat, *hut who had lately been again called out ||
from his retirement by his admiring constituency, j!
He (Mr. E.) could have wished that the course sug- ' S
jested by that honorable Senator in relation to the j!
subject-matter in debate had been pursued; but he j
feared the time was gone by when they could ij
avail themselves of these valuable suggestions.
He feared that Great Britain, admonished by the,
action of the two Houses of our national legisla-
ture, would consider it time to bring this matter to
a conclusion. But whenever Great Britain should
move in a hostile manner upon this continent, all
diversity of opinion between them would cease,
and we shall be found as one, without any party
distinctions. The President had recommended
certain measures m his Message, and expressed
his opinion fully upon them. On one of these he
(Mr. B.) desired to. make a brief remark. Besides
the passage of the enactment which the President ,
suggests, he also recommended the giving of the h
twelve months' notice to Great Britain of the ter- '|
mination of the occupancy of Oregon; and that 'j
notice will probably be given. Upon this subject,
he would say that he would have preferred that the
notice should originate with Great Britain; because
it would place them in a more favorable attitude
before the nations of the earth. He would have
preferred it, too, because it would have placed us
m a better position before the world, and would
have had the effect of immediately uniting our own
people. He believed that the notice would have
been given by Great Britain, for the obvious rea-
son that the subject-matter in controversy con- {.
corned Great Batain more than ourselves. Their !j
territory is coterminous: our people are settling it ij
with great rapidity; emigration was going on there jj
to a considerable extent, and incieasing eveiy year.
This would greatly embarrass Great Britain, and ji
give her a deeper interest in bringing the negotiation
to a favorable issue; and he would therefore prefer ■;
thai she would give the notice, unless there was some ji
reasonable object to be gained. He desired,how- j;
ever, representing a portion of the Union who feel i;
o double interest in this question, to say, that in j'
the exercise of the utmost power of imagination, he 'i
did not see how either of these two civilized and
Christian nations could go to war upon such a pre- '!
text as was here contemplated. The Senator [Mr. I'
Sevier] told them that it was for seven degrees of
latitude. God of mercy! what was to be placed
in the other scale ? But was it a contest about
seven degrees? In the true reading, it was but a
contest for the navigation of the Columbia river,
and to its northeastern branch. Was this a sub-
ject upon which two nations so intimately con-
nected as Great Britain and the United Statev—
having so many relations binding them to each
other in mutual regard—was this a question upon
which two such nations should draw the sword ?
We have a principle to maintain—not to allow a
foreign Power to navigate a river running through
our territory; and Great Britain had a principle to
maintain—not to cut herself off from the naviga-
tion. Shall we allow a foreign Power to navigate
a river through our territory." Shall wc, by this
course of ours, obtain any object? Is the Colum-
bia river navigable to the 49th degree of latitude ?
He had never heard it so asserted. Yet for this
mere phantom of r claim these great nations were
to go to war. He did not believe it—the Senate
did not believe it—and the country did not believe
it. Unless these two great nations were moved to
it—perhaps by the press, or by these exciting de-
bates, he did not see how tiie subject-matter in
controversy could possibly drive them to war. By
the intemperance of language used in the Houses
of Parliament and the Congress of the United
States, the people may perhaps be so excited and
influenced tnat war may depend on the turning of
a hair. But he who shall be instrumental in plun-
ging these two great nations in war for such an
object, may gain an immortality; but it will be an
immortality such as belongs to the character of
Eratostratus.
Mr. ALL Els said that the discussion had un-
dergone a change since yesterday, which made it
excusable, if not necessary, to submit a few gen-
eral observations. Yesterday, the general question
before the Senate seemed to be the propriety of
passing these resolutions, which had been pre-
viously introduced by the Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Cass.] To-day, the discussion seemed to
hare changed its character.
Mr. ARCHER made an explanation which was
inaudible. He was merely understood to sajr that
the Senator from Ohio was mistaken as regarded
him [Mr. Archer.] He [Mr. Archer] had ex-
pressed his intention to vote for the resolutions.
Mr. ALLEN. Be that as it might, the discus-
sion to-day seemed to turn mainly on the taste and
propriety of the speech delivered by the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] It was thought by
Senators on the other side to be a speech calcu-
lated to excite unnecessary alarm in the public
mind ;—a speech not called for by the exigency
of the times, by the condition in which the mili- j
tary affau'S of the country are known to be, or j
by the propriety which usually characterizes the j
order and arrangement of business of the Sen- ]
ate. He desired to say, in answer to several
suggestions, that he did not agiee with Senators |
on the other side, that our preparations ought'
to be made in quiet; that the feenate were to give
no public reason for what they did to their own I
constituency; but, on the contrary, that the Senate j
were to act open!}' in the possible contingency of
war, and not leave their constituents utterly unpre- j
pared m their judgment and feelings, for the bel- j
hgerentcondition. They were the representatives,
or rather, were parts of'the country, whose gov-!
umment existed not in the city of Washington, i
but in the hearts of millions of people, extended |
over a circumferencc of eight thousand miles. It \
had been well said on that floor, that one of the i
wisest methods of avoiding war was to prepare !
for it: but the only, or rather most effectual, pre- j
paration which could be made in the United States ;
for this state of thinsrs, was the preparation of the j
hearts of the people. When England understands j
that she has more to dread than Congressional
speeches, and Congressional votes, her arrogance i
may gneway; but they (the Senate) would be doiug ;
manifest injustice to business, to the countrv, and |
the hearts of their constituency, if they closed their i
doors, or otherwise resorted to means of conceal- '
ing/rom them the true slate of the country grow- '
ing out of our foreign relations. If a war should j
be brought about Gy members of Congress, by !
a system which stretched the veil between Con- i
gress and the people, m what a condition would '
the country be thrown; What would be the con-1
dition of that very commerce whose sails whiten :
every ocean, if the merchants of this country
were to be lulled into a false security by those oil ■
the other side, who contended that war was not '
to follow; They would condemn, and justly, the
Government, which, by secrecy and stealth, had i
brought about this very state of things. It, was :
due to business men that the truth should be told. '
If there was a probability of war, it should be :
known to the full extent to the country. The
speech of the Senator from Michigan, in his judg-
ment, was not calculated to produce any false
clamor, or unnecessary alarm. According to his
view, the Senator had stated the truth with regard
to the negotiation, and what would be the conse-
quence resulting from a perseverance, Oo the part
of Great Britain, against our unlimited claim to the
whole of the Oregon Territory. What alarm was
there in that? Where was the harm in the Sena-
tor's expressing the opinion that, in his judgment,
this country ought to fight rather than recede "
from their claim to a country which covered fifteen
' hundred millions of land on the Pacific belonging
< to the people of the United States? The Senator
; from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] thought that a war
\ for this little limb of land, and twelve and a half
| degrees of latitude, was a tiling which would call
: down on its authors the execration of all posterity;
I and inasmuch as the Senator would not deny the
fact that no man would be justifiable in incurring
| the execration, he meant to be understood, if at ail,
i to say that, in his opinion, it would be just and
' proper and patriotic in the people of the United
j States to surrender the whole country, rather than
fight.
j Mr. BERRIED. The Senator does not design
| to misrepresent me. I said that for two nations
; so intimately connected as we are to go to war
I' for so inconsiderable an object, without first es-
'A haustmg every other means of amicable adjust-
'• raent, would be to subject themselves to the exe-
' cratinn which he spoke of.
' Mr. ALLEX resumed. What means may have
■! been left unexhausted he knew not. The matter
!; now rested with Great Britain. But, with regard
II to a war, he undertook to repeat, thai, rather than
Jj surrender the territory, he had no doubt the people
' of the United States would compel the Government
to fight for it, even if it were unwilling to do so.
And now in relation to the condition of the ne-
gotiation : It had been said the possible state of fact
might arise m which the forty-ninth degree of lati-
tude might be takeu as the line of mutual boundary.
He should be sorry to hare that idea circulated
from the floor -of the ".Senate. The Preai& oi of the
United States submitted that proposition, as they
learned from documents communicated to Con-
gress, under circumstances which did not, in his
judgment, give a free and full scope to his (the Pre-
sident's) own will on the subject. He had found
that a proposition of a similar character—identical,
save and except the navigation of the Columbia—
had been made by his predecessors, and had been
repeated by liis predecessors. He came into power
under the charge of a portion of the citizens of
the United States with being disposed to play,
with his party, an aggrandizing part, (unjust,
but still a charge;) to be disposed, at all hazard?,
to grasp the continent, even at the certain enn-
; sequences of war that would follow. The Pre-
sident was a man of judgment, possessing an
immense quantity of that thing which gives value
: to the character of man—clear unclouded sense.
| He felt the high responsibility of the high sta-
| tion—the highest station in the world—in which
! the voice of the people had placed him. He felt
! as every true Ameiican must feel; and in his Mes-
j sage he told Congress that, from circumstances,
he felt himself constrained, to a certain degree, as
! he himself declared, to offer, in the negotiation, the
; forty-ninth degree of latitude as the liasis of com-
! promise. From these circumstances he had been
j induced to make the proposition, and he had sated
! the circumstances which led him to make it. The
President knew full well that, if the British nro-
position had been rejected, and war should result,
the British would hold the vantage gr.ir.nd, and
bring against us the charge that we would not ad-
; vance a step towards a compromise—-that we had
; determined to go so fhr and no farther. The Pre-
j sideiit renewed the proposition, save and except
the conccssion of the navigation of the Columbia
, nycr, against his own convictions, as he himself
, said, not, however, involving our claim; and that
"v ery instant it was submitted'it was rejected, under
circumstances which seemed almost equivalent
. to inviting a rupture between the two nations.
The President had done all he could do, and
more than, under my other circumstances, he
; would Lave done. The proposition he had made
had been hurled back, or rather rejected; and tint-!,
! for the time being, tui end had been jrnt to the
. negotiation. The proposition having been reject-
