60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. 16,
present issue. As he (Mr. B.) understood it, the
proposition by Great Britain was made by Strat-
ford Canning to Mr. Rush, our Minister in Lon-
don, to extend the parallel of 49° to that north-
eastern branch of the Columbia, called McGilli-
vray's river, to its junction with the main stream,
and thence down the middle of the channel of that
river to the ocean, the navigation of the river be-
ing in common between the two nations.
This, as he understood it, was the last British
proposition. What did Lord John Russell say
upon this subject in the British Parliament, no
longer ago than last April? Did he not say that
no more favorable proposition than this could be
submitted by his Government? This, then, places
all the country north of 46° 18', the mouth of the
Columbia river, following the coast, in controver-
sy; and if the joint occupancy is terminated, the
whole territory even down to 42° is in dispute.
This proposition, if accepted, gives up the whole
country to Great Britain, and'the best part of it,
even if the parallel of 49° should be accepted; for
in the region north of that parallel are all the best
harbors, timber, and soil, and with a most delight-
ful and salubrious climate.
The territory in question is not the narrow,
worthless country, that some gentlemen seem to
suppose it to be. It is not a barren desert, but a
great and beautiful country, far superior in natural
iidvantages to the Atlantic slope; and if it had been
the fortune of our forefathers, the pilgrims in the
little " Mayflower," to have landed their frail bark
on that coast, instead of upon the bleak and deso-
late shore of the Atlantic, the human imagination
can scarcely conceive the height of grandeur,
wealth, and power, to which it would now have
attained, possessing, as it does, in a degree so
much superior, all the elements of human happi-
ness, and every attribute essential to the prosperi-
ty of man.
In conclusion, Mr. B. said he rose simply for
the purpose of correcting the error of the gentle-
men from Georgia and Delaware. When our
policy in regard to Oregon should come properly
before the Senate for discussion, he would endeav-
or to show the advantages, to us and to our race,
or the whole of that territory; and for his part he
would not give, by compromise or otherwise, any
portion of it to Great Britain. With his consent,
that Power should never have a position on that
coast.
_ Mr. WOODBRIDGE said that the resolutions
introduced by his honorable colleague were plain,
simple, and affirmed no principle which had been
denied or questioned in the Senate. They were
founded upon that emphatic and imperative duty
which is devolved upon the Congress of the United
States, to provide for the public defences. The
measure was one of peace, not of war; since all will
admit, and none better knew than those who lm-
posed this duty upon Congress, that there can be
no better guaranty for the preservation of peace
t.ian a preparedness, and a manifest capacity to
repel aggression whenever it comes. Uninfluenced,
Lien, by what had been said in support of those
resolutions, or against them—uninfluenced even by
whatsoevei may seem peculiar or imposing in our
relations with Great Britain—but, looking at the
bearing and intrinsic merits of the resolutions
alone, he could not see that they were in anywise
obnoxious to censure or objection, but from the
first they had seemed to be eminently proper and
right.
Gentlemen had spoken of the fortifications along
tie Atlantic frontier as inadequate and ineffective.
Of that, Mr. W. did not hold himself competent,
from personal observation, to judge; nor did he
know what might be the force or adequacy of the
home squadron, nor the number and strength of
our steamers and steam-batteries ;—of all these,
other gentlemen knew far more than he did; but
this he knew, that that remote frontier from which
lie came, (Michigan,) is utterly naked of adequate
defences, especially if reference was had to that
vast, comprehensive, and magnificent system of
military plank-roads, railways,"and canals, which,
tinder the sanction of the Home Government, and
with its patronage, is now rapidly approaching to
its entire completion—a system, the magnitude of
which, and its wonderful adaptation to both mili-
tary and naval movements, few but those who had
seen and studied it, could have any conception of.
W ouirl that be considered a war measure (said Mr.
W.) which proposed only to follow the example
set us, but which lay far, very far behind that sys-
tem of preparation which our neighbors there have
almost consummated, and wliieh every wise nation
ought to perform ? This was emphatically a peace
measure, and one which in no wise involved the
necessity of extending the sword over the broad
field of our involved and complicated foreign re-
lations.
For himself (Mr. W.) he was not prepared to
believe that those complicated relations will be
permitted to terminate m war.. We had already
passed a crisis, which, far more than our present
relative condition, brought with it the most immi-
nent danger of war, and yet we had passed by it;
the honor of the nation had been saved, and peace
had been preserved to us. Why, then, now anti-
cipate a result less propitious? Why now disturb
the business of the country, and throw into dis-
order its peaceful and economical concerns, by a
premature discussion of topics that could hardly
fail to produce such results? In the maturity of
time those discussions might be appropriate and
necessary ; but that time he thought was not the
present; it was with the naked resolutions that
they had now to do; it was not war, but a peace
measure, and he hoped it might be disposed of in
the ordinary mode in which the Senate is wont to
dispose of similar resolutions, and he should there-
fore vote in favor of them.
Mr. JARNAGIN called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted: yeas
48, nays none, as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Ashley, Atchi-
son, Atherton, Bagby, Barrow, Benton, Berrien,
Breese, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers, Thomas Clay-
ton, John M. Clayton, Colquitt, Corwin, Critten-
den, Davis, Dayton, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield,
Greene, Hamiegan, Haywood, Huntington, Jar-
nagin, Jenness, Johnson of Louisiana, Levy,
Lewis, Mangum, Miller, Niles, Pearce, Penny-
backer, Phelps, Semple, Sevier, Simmons, Speight,
Sturgeon, Turney, Upham, Webster, Westcott,
and Woodbridge.
WAYS—None.
Mr. HAYWOOD gave notice that to-morrow,
at twelve o'clock, he would move the Senate to take
up the order of the day, (the election of standing
committees,) without reference to any other sub-
ject or debate, except a formal declaration of war,
which might be brought up for discussion.
ADMISSION OF TEXAS INTO THE UNION.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, stating that said House had pass-
ed ajoint resolution, admitting the State of Texas
into the Union; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 16, 1845.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part, and
(the further reading having been dispensed with)
was approved.
ADMISSION OF TEXAS.
The SPEAKER announced that the business
first in order would be the joint resolution, here-
tofore reported by Mr. Douglass, from the Com-
mittee on the Territories, for the admission of the
State of Texas into the Union.
Mr. McCONNELL rose, and demanded two
things:
hirst, the reading of the resolution; and, sec-
ondly, the previous question.
And the resolution was read, as follows:
Joint Resolution for the admission of the State of
Texas into the Union.
Vt hereas the Congress of the United States, by
a " joint resolution," approved March the 1st, 1845,
did consent that the territory properly included
witinn, and rightfully belonging to, the Republic of
iiXjS' m!?ht '!c crft<,!cd into a new State, to be
State of Texas, wth a republican form
O' Government to be adopted by the people of said
republic by deputies in convention assembled, with
the consent of the existing Government, in order
that the same might be admitted as one of ther
States of the Union; which consent of Congress
was given upon certain conditions specified m the
! first and second sections of said joint resolution:
! And whereas the people of the said Republic of
Texas, by deputies in convention assembled, with
the consent of the existing Government,, did adopt
a constitution, and erect a new State, with a repub-
lican form of government, and in the name of the
people of Texas, and by their authority, did ordain
and declare that they assented to and accepted the
proposals, conditions, and guaranties contained in
said first and seeond sections of said resolution;
And whereas the said constitution, with theproper
evidence of its adoption by the people of the Repub-
lic of Texas, has been transmitted to the President
of the United States, and laid before Congress, in
conformity to the provisions of said joint resolu-
tion: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and Hotae of Represen-
tatives of the United States of Jhnerica in Congress
assembled, That the _State of Texas shall be one,
and is hereby declared to be one, of the United
States of America, and admitted into the Union on
an equal footing with the original States in all re-
spects whatever.
Be it further resolved, That until the representa-
tives in Congress shall be apportioned according to
an actual enumeration of the inhabitants of the
United States, the State of Texas shall he entitled
to choose two representatives.
Mr. HERRICK inquired of the Speaker whether
it would be in order to move that the resolution
be laid on the table
The SPEAKER said such a motion would be
in order.
Mr. HERRICK accordingly submitted it, and
demanded the yeas and nays, which were subse-
quently ordered.
Mr. DOUGLASS rose to request Mr. McCos-
nell to withdraw the previous question.
Mr. RATH BUN rose to inquire where this
joint resolution was; and whether it had been re-
ferred to any committee ?
The SPEAKER explained that the resolution
had not been referred to any committee. It had
been reported from the Committee oa the Territo-
ries, and had been made the special order for this
day. It now came up on the question of engross-
ment, and on that question the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. McConneli.] had demanded - the
previous question. But the gentleman from New-
York [Mr. Herrick] had moved that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table, and that was the pending
question.
Mr. RATHBUN. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The, SPEAKER said the motion was not now
in order.
The question, Shall this joint resolution be laid
on the table? was then taken.
Previous to the annunciation of the vote,
Mr. BURT, of South Carolina, rose and asked
to be allowed to record his vote. He stated that
he had been in attendance on the Committee on
Military Affairs, of which he was a member. The
committee had continued in session after the House
met; unaware, however, of the fact that the House
had met.
Mr. P. KING submitted that it would be against
the nile for a member to vote who had not been
within the bar when his name was called.
Several voices: "Let every man vote."
Mr. KING said, that the gentleman would ac-
complish his object by simply asking leave to vote,
if that leave were refused.
The SPEAKER said, that to enable the gentle-
man to vote, a suspension of the rules and a vote
of two-thirds would be required.
^r* KING said, that his objection had reference
to the precedent which would be established. The
i ecoi ding of the vote in this instance might be a
matter ot no consequence, so far as the general re
SU^ V a^ c01icerlie®'  Ihu the case might arise
where a vote thus recorded might change the re-
sult of the question; and in this point of view it
■\vas that he felt constrained to ask the yeas ami
nays. He repeated, that the gentleman could ac-
complish his object by simply making his motion,
if it were refused.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
And the question being taken on the motion of
Mr, Burt, and two-thirds not voting in the affirm-
ative, it was rejected-
So Mr. B. \vm not allowed to vote.
