1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
ready in some sense passed upon this question;
but it could not with truth be said that they hud
done so in the election of members of the last Con-
gress, because nobody who "elected those members
had any such question in view, unless, indeed, 111
the occasional elections which had subsequently
been held to fill vacant seats.
The question had'not been passed upon by the
people when that Congress was chosen, nor had it
been passed upon in the- late Presidential election.
Everybody knew the conflict of warring elements
which had resulted in the late election, and facts
demonstrably proved that a majority of the people
of' the United States had given their votes against
those electors who had chosen our present Chief
Magistrate. For these obvious reasons the elec-
tion could not be considered as any ratification or
approval of the schemc of annexation, or as con-
fciring on Congress, by a popular act, the authority
to admit Texas into the CJnion. Mr. R. said he
should not go into the circumstances of that elec-
tion, for it was very far from his purpose to cxcite
a tumult of party feeling in this House. It should
be his endeavor to treat the subject in conformity
with the rules of the House, and with that decorum
which became a representative of the people on
that floor.
Mr. R. had stated, when he rose, that he had
had no opportunity of examining the details of the
constitution which had been agreed upon by the
people of Texas and submitted by the Executive
to that House; but there were some features in it
which stood out in such bold relief that there was
no possibility of mistaking them. There were
words in that constitution which were wholly un-
known to the Constitution of the United States.
There was one article of it which began with a
title, estranged to the language of that instrument,
slaves." Was that word in the Constitution of
the United States? There were several provisions
m the first, second, and third sections of the Tcxian
constitution which merited especial notice.
Amidst all the heat and dust which the Texas
question had raised in our community, and amidst
all the misrepresentations and intrigues and violent
etforts to which it had given occasion, there stood
out one honest feature on the part of our own
Government m conducting this affair. An rnu-
nmt statesman of South Carolina, who had iilk-d j
tho ofiiec of Secretary of State, as well as his pre- j
tioccssor in that office, had unveiled the true mo-
tive in the whole proceeding. That motive had I
been admitted by the late lamented Upshur, and
there it stood to this day, as the historical accouut
of the true ground why the-acquisition of Texas |
had been so vehemently desired. And the same j
thing had been still more distinctly stated by his
successor from South Carolina. And when not I
only this Congress, but this Administration> should
long have passed away, and this transaction should
come to he examined into by an impartial posterity,
it would be found that the leading reason avowed
by the American Secretary of State to the Minis-
ter of Great Britain, in the face of both countries
nnd of the world, in a diplomatic note dated the
5?th of April, 1844, was declared to be to preserve
a certain domestic institution under the requisite
guaranties. There would remain forever the his-
torical reason given by our own Government for
the annexation of Texas to this Union.- It was
then and there honestly presented, without dis-
guise. Now, Massachusetts dissented from the
measure on that very ground: she objected to the
annexation because'that had been the purpose in
urging it, and was like!}' to prove its actual elfcet.
The question now presented was, whether, in
that progress of our Constitution and political sys-
tem over the entire American continent, which Mr.
R. considered as certain as any future, event among
human things, there should be coupled with it. m
tho very first step of that progress, the justifica-
tion and guaranty of domestic slavery. This was
a question which Mr. II. proposed to discuss with-
out reserve, but with.-a perfect regard to decorum,
and in a manner to which he hoped no one could
take exception.
He considered the country "as now standing on
the verge and first commencement of a policy
which was hereafter to govern our councils, and
to become emphatically the American policy, and-
which was to "connect the territories of this entire
continent into one consolidated body, and consti-
tute them the United States of North America.
Sooner or later, fairly or unfairly, he believed that
such would be our destiny. The process was now
begun. We were now about to add avast territory
to our national jurisdiction. It was said to be one of
the fairest regions of the habitable earth—fertile in
soil, mild and genial in climate, and rich and va-
rious in all the productions of nature. And the
question came up whether we should extend and
guaranty to such a region the institution of do-
mestic slavery.
Admit that all the proceedings for the admission
of Texas had been perfectly right and constitution-
al ; admit that no oojection had ever been made to
them; and admit still further, that the people of
the United States were held and sacredly bound by
the propositions which had been made to the peo-
ple of Texas,—still it would not follow that we
were bound to recognise slavery in that rich and
beautiful territory which now asked to be admitted
as a sister State into this Union. Mr. R. need
not say that, in the resolution passed at the last
Congress, through so many struggles and contests .
and agonies, no such condition was understood to
exist. Assuredly, none of those who had with
so much reluctance given their assent to that reso-
ution understood it to mean any such thing.
What was the letter of that joint resolution? In
the first place, it prescribed the due adjustment of
boundary, and m the third paragraph of the sec-
ond section it declared that new States, not more
than four, in addition to the State of Texas, might
be formed out of her present territory, and, when
so formed, should he entitled to admission into the
United States; and that, with regard to such of
these as should be constituted south of the line of
30° 30', they might be admitted with or without
the institution of slavery, jnstas the people of such
States should desire; but that in all States north j
of that line slavery should be Imever pjohibitcd. j
1 Now, what was it that the Siate of Texas, m the j
constitution she submitted, asked of the United ]
Stales? Was it that one of four States constituted j
out of her terntoiy shouhl be admitted? Or that !
one of the States south of the line of 36° 30' should 1
be admitted-5 No; it was th.it a State should be i
admitted which extended on both sides of that line, |
and yet whose .Legislature should forever be pro- j
hibitcd from emancipating a slave. Was this in ],
conformity with the joint resolution of last year?;
Obviously not. Had the provision m respect to j
the line commonly known as the ?/Iissouri com-
promise line, been at ali complied with, or m the
least regarded? I'ar from it. Throughout the
whole State, whether lying north or south of that
line, slavery was constitutionally admitted to exist,
and its perpetuation guarantied. So far from al-
lowing even a choice on the subject only to the
States lying south of the line, slavery was estab-
lished by the constitution'throughout, and the very
letter of that instrument which gentlemen were
driving through this House with such intemperate
haste, was in direct and open conflict with the stip-
ulations of the very resolution on which the ad-
mission of Texas was contended for.
Mr. R. had a right to take any exceptions which
appeared to him proper to this constitution of
Texas, and he objcctcd to that feature as a reason
why it should not be received. It was not his
purpose to speak in reference to any particular
class of States m this Union, nor to cast any re-
flections upon the people of any portion of his own
beloved country; but he would appeal to all men
to say whether the fairest portions of the earth in
which the institution of domestic slavery was found,
had come up to that degree of prosperity and so-
cial happiness which God, by his abundant gifts,
1 manifestly intended them to attain. Let gentlo-
! men take the whole history of tiie world—let
! them search the records of every civilized nation—
j and they must admit that, wherever a place was
found for domestic slavery, there was a place for
I evil. On the contrary, where it was shut out,
I there was found the highest state of civilized man ;
' there was the greatest amount of labor, and labor's
richest reward", and there the greatest opportuni-
ties and the freest play were afforded to moral
principles and all right views. There were regions
of the/earth where this incubus had long existed:
could they once be divested of so great a social
evil, their property would soon double and quad-
ruple itself, and all the resources of public and of
private happiness would be augmented in a still
greater proportion. This the people of Massa-
chusetts confidently believed: and when they were
asked 'to admit Texas into the Union, they never
could consent to do it but under a protest against
the perpetuation of slavery as an evil, destructive
to the best interests of our race. They neier
could consent to see it extended universally over
the soil of North America, and they therefore
must resist the first step in such a process. Mr.
R. was not going to say anything against the
Southern States of this Union. There slavery had
been inherited: it was their own affair; theirs to
manage and to control as they best might. But in
this resolution gentlemen asked of him to "vote
directly to establish slavery in a territory-which
but a little time since was a land of freedom: they
asked him to expel this fair and fertile region from
the area of freedom, and place it in the area of
slavery; and, not only so, but forever to deprive
its Legislature of all power to alter, in this respect,
its future condition.
Mr. R. said he was aware that any objections
coming from his quarter of the country were ex-
posed to the danger of being viewed in a different
light from those which might be urged from else-
where; and a member had fwored the House by
reading an advertisement published in 3741, in a
newspaper published in Boston, in regard to the
sale of certain slaves there. Mr. "R. was haopv
that the gentleman had done so, because it afforded
him an opportunity to vindicate the character of
his State, which had never, since the era of the
adoption of our Constitution, had upon her gar-
ments this foul stain. He would refer that gentle-
man, or any other who felt an interest on the sub-
ject, to one of the most authentic historical works
now extant, oil the subject of colonial slaverv m
Massachusetts. [He here quoted from Graham's
Colonial History of the United States, in which it
was stated that while there had been fourteen thou-
i sand slaves m Georgia and six thousand m .South
! Carolina, there were very few in all New England.
| That, under the administration* of Governor Tar-
{ nurd and Grovcrnor Hutchinson, bills had been
j introduced in the Massachusetts Legislature prn-
| hibiting the toleration of M<i\cry in the Common-
| wealth, but they had been vetoed bv British Gov-
i emors.J Thus, acts which had been lauded to the
j skies when done in Pennsylvania, had been p^s-ed
i over without notice or praise when don-; in ?ol ^
colony of Massachusetts Bay. Here, at las', the
history of colonial slavery in Massachusetts had
been put upon its right foundation. In 1773, the
action of four successive Assemblies in that State
had received the executive veto of a Rrititish ruler.
This was a little while before the same thing had
been done by the Quakers in Pennsylvania; and
if in this Massachusetts had been somewhat before-
hand with them, he hoped they would now make
up for it by aiding her heartily on this occasion,
fiere gentlemen could see what had been the scnti-'
ment of Massachusetts on this matter of slavery
from the oldest times. She had made every prac-
ticable effort to rid herself of this institution, and
they could now see how all her efforts had been
foiled. She now found herself, thousrh cast on one
of the most arid and naked soils upon this conti-
nent, able to go forward, to sustain her people not
only, but to send forth from her bosom thou-
sands and tens of thousands who had subdued and
cultivated the fertile regions of the West, and who
were ready to do so still. He would like to have
gentlemen, who seemed fond of using high-sound-
ing words in debating this and kindred questions,
wiio talked so eloquently about " ocean-bound
Republics," to let us know what means we pos-
sessed and what measures we must pursue in order
to carry out the grand conceptions they were so
fond of indulging.
A railroad had been projected to extend from tho
Mississippi river across the continent to the mouth
of the Columbia. When that magnificent project
should be realized, it would doubtless be accom-
panied by Morse's magnetic wires, by which
thought could be transmitted in a moment from
one ocean's border to the other. When meas-
ures hke these should be taken in hand, measures
corresponding with the vigor of her own great
ideas, they would find the capital, the spirit, and
the genius of Massachusetts, with the country; ay,
and in advance of the country whenever the ex-
tension of our jurisdiction should be put upon the
right footing. And. she observed with satisfac-
tion, from the combined action of those who had
crossed the Rocky mountains, and were establish-
ing themselves in the distant regions beyond, that
they frowned on the admission of slavery among
