64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 16.
them, and prohibited its existence on that unpol-
luted soj! to the utmost extent of their ability.
Could such a prohibition but be extended toother
portions of our territory where the climate and
the soil were of a more genial character, how soon
would the obstacles which now kept back the po-
pulation ond improvement of some of the fairest
portions of our national inheritance cease, and for-
ever coinc to un end.
Mr. R. knew full well that speaking on this sub-
ject could be of no possible advantage, so far as
that Hou&e was immediately concerned; but ithad
been required of him, from sources to which he
must ever bow with deference, to press opposition
to thi? measure; and in doing so he did but com-
ply v/irh the dictates of his own heart. JVIfuiy of
his own constituents regarded the extension of do-
mestic slavery as a great national sin, an offence
against that Uod without whose favor no nation
could ever become permanently prosperous or
luippy. They viewed it as directly opposed to the
dictates of divine truth, and they held that, if
they did not resist it to the utmost of their power,
they would expose themselves to incur a portion
of that divine displeasure and chastisement which
ever attended national transgressions. They de-
sired to be heard in this House this day; and
therefore it was that Mr. R. had sought the floor
as the organ of their will.
Tins Texas slavery question was a new ques-
tion, now for the first time presented to the con-
sciences of men. As one called to represent, in
part, the people of his own ancient Commonwealth,
isc must enter his solemn protest n^amst the ex-
trusion of siaveiy, as an evil directed against the
tiuest interests of his country: as militating di-
rectly aga-nst its prosperity and freedom, and
darkeam"* that national ehaiacter which she ought
to hold up to all nations and a,eces of the world: as
being in opposition to the Constitution which had
preserved us hitherto m concord; as against the
principles of the fathers of the Republic, who liv- i
( d themselves in sla* chokling States, who would
Jiave saved us, if thev could, from so gieat an evil, I
pud who openly confessed that they trembled for j
their country when they lemembered that God is
He had not desired to occupy the time of the
House unnecessarily, and had ventured to present
himself to iis indulgence only bccausche held the
measure about this day to be consummated as a
wrong upon his country and an evil 111 the sight
of our God.
Before he relinquished the floor it had been his
wish to offer an amendment to the resolutions.
The CHAIR apprized Mr. Rockwell that, the
previous question having been ordered, no amend-
ment uouid now be in older.
Mr. ROCKWELL said that he would then just
ptaie the object he wished to attain; and he would
put it in another form. He now moved to recom-
mit the joint resolutions to the Committee on Ter-
ritories, with instructions to report an amendment,
as follows :
Provided, That within the State by this resolu-
tion admitted into the Union, slavery ormvolun- \
tary servitude (except for crime) shaft be prohibit- [
ed; and all the provisions of the said constitution j
inconsistent with this proviso shall be null and 1
■\oid. |
Mr. DOUGLASS inquired of the Speaker what
v/f.uld be the el'tcct of die demand for the previous
question5 _ ,
The SPEAKER having at first decided that j
the resolutions would bring the House to a direct
vote on the resolutions, changed his decision, and
declared that the effect would be to bring the House
to a vote on the motion to recommit with instruc-
tions.
This decision led to a general desultory discus-
sion on the point of order, (of no public interest;)
the general course of the decisions in late years
having been, that the previous question would cut
off the motion to recommit with instructions, and
would bring the House to a direct vote on the pas- t
save of the resolution.
Mr. DOUGLASS (under an obvious misappre- j
hension of the decision of the Speaker) demanded |
the previous question. j
Mr. TiBBATTS appealed from the decision of j
the Chair. j
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved that there be a call j
of the House; which was refused.
Mr. TIBBATTS withdrew his appeal for the '
present, expressing the intention to renew it after
the previous question snould have been ordered, if
the Chair persisted in its decision.
And the question on the demand for the pre-
vious question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative; ayes 96, noes 47.
So there was a second.
And the question then was, "Shall the mam
question be now taken?"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, I now submit to
the Chair that the main question will be, not on
the motion to recommit with instructions, but on
the passage of the resolution.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. I rise to ask what the
main question is?
The SPEAKER reiterated his decision, that the
main question would be on the motion to recom-
mit with instructions.
Mr. JONES appealed from the decision.
Some conversation followed, which the Speaker
arrested as speedily as possible, on the ground that
(the pie~\ious question having been seconded) all
discussion was out of order.
The question oxi the appeal was, by general con-
sent, held in abeyance for a lew moments, whilst
lhe question on ordering tiie main question was
first taken.
And the House decided that the mam question
should now be taken.
Whereupon the question recurred on the appeal.
Mr. CHAPMAN asked the yeas and nays,
which were refused.
Much anxiety was manifested in several quar-
ters to have certain rules, &c., read; but all these
things being now out of order, were refused.
Mr. GORDON moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays, but
withdrew the demand.
And the question being taken, the vote stood,
yeas 78, nays 83.
So the House refused to adjourn.
And the question again recurred on the appeal;
and being taken by tellers, resulted as follows:
yeas 22, nays 77.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed,
A motion to adjourn was again made and re-
jected.
Mr. THOMPSON desired to be informed whe-
ther the previous question would exhaust itself
oil the motion to recommit with instructions?
The SPEAKER. It will, m the opinion of the
Chair, and will have to be renewed before it can
operate on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were then ordered on the
main question.
Mr. CXJLLOM rose"and said that he had voted
on the recent appeal to' sustain the decision of the
Chair, but a little reflection had satisfied him that
he was wrong; and he accordingly moved to re-
consider the vote by which the decision of the
Chair had been affirmed.
Mr. McDOWELL, Mr. ROCKWELL, Mr.
VANCE, and others, severally demanded the yeas
and nays on the motion to reconsider; which
were ordered.
Mr. CCLLOM asked leave to assign his rea-
sons for the change of opinion which his motion
indicated.
The SPEAKER said it would not bem order
except by gennrnl consent.
Mr. CXJLLOM asked it.
But the House would not grant it.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH was about (as the re-
porter understood) to cite a precedent; but ob-
jection was made.
Mr. HENLEY moved that the House adjourn;
which motion was again rejected.
And the question, Will the House reconsider .
the vote by which the decision of the Chair was '!
affirmed'was then taken, and decided in the af-||
firmative, as follows: ^ h
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Barrin- j|
ger, Bayly, Bedinger, Biggs, James Black, James j:
A. Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Brodhcad, William G. Ij
Brown, Burt, Cabell, Cathoart, Augustus A. Chap- !i
man, Reuben Chapman, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb,
Cocke, Constable, Crozier, Cullom, Cunningham,
Jefferson Davis, Dillingham, Dobbin, Douglass,
Dromgoole, Dunlap, Edsall, Erdnian, Faran, Fick-
lin, Foster, Fries, Giles, Goodyear, Graham, i
Hamlin, Haralson, Hilliard, Hoge, Hopkins, G. j
S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Hunter, C. J. >
Ingersoll. James H. Johnson, J. Johnson, Andrew :
Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Thos.
B. King, Leake, Lumpkin, McClelland, McCon-
nell, McCrate, McDowell, McKay, John P. Mar-
tin, B. Martin, Morris, Moulton, Norris, Parish,
Payne, Perrill, Price, Rathbun, Reid. Eelfe, Hit-
ter, Roberts, Russell, Sawtelle, Seddon, A. D.
Sims, Leonard H. Simms, Simpson, Stanton, Ste-
phens, Strong, Sykes, Thibodeaux, Tliomasson,
James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thurman,
Tibbatts, Treadway, Wick, Williams, Wilmot,
Woodward, Yancey, and Yell—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Ctuincy Adams,
Stephen Adams, Arnold, Ashmun, Baker, Benton,
Blanchard, Brinkerhoff, Milton Brown, Buffing-
ton, W. W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, John
G. Chapman, Collamer, Collin, Cranston, Culver,
Cummins, Daniel, Barragh, Delano, De Mott,
Dixon, Dockery, Ellsworth, Ewing, Garvin, Gid-
dings, Gordon, Grider, Grinnell, Grover, Hamp-
ton, Harper, Henley, Herrick, Elias B. Holmes,
Hough, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard,
Hudson, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James
B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins, Daniel P.
King, Preston King, Lawrence, Leib, Lewis, Le-
vin, Maclay, McClean, McCiernand, McGraughey,
McHenry, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller, Niven, Ow-
en, Pendleton, Pettit, Pollock, Ramsey, Jnl.us
Rockwell, J. A. Rockwell, Root, Hunk, Scheack,
Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Albert S nith,
Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Stewart, St. John,
Strohm, Benjamin Thompson, Tilden, Trumbo,
Vance, Vinton, Wentworth, Wheaton, White,
Winthrop, Wood, Woodruff, and Young—93.
So the vote was reconsidered.
Whereupon the question again recurred, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the House?"
Messrs. PRICE and BRODHEAD called for
the yeas and nays, which were refused.
And the question being taken, the House re-
versed the decision of the Chair.
So it was decided by the House that the main
question would not be on the motion to re-commit
with instructions, but on the final passage of the
joint resolution.
And the question, therefore, being, "Shall this
joint resolution pass?"
Mr. SCHENCK asked for the yeas and nays,
(which were subsequently ordered.)
Mr. S. also asked to be excused from voting-.
He wished to state that he had discovered in the
resolution -what seemed to him to be a manifest
error—which had probably crept in by inadver-
tence—a gross breach of the Constitution 
[Loud cries to order.]
Mr. S. proceeded. A gross breach of the Con-
stitution, which made it necessary for him to ask
to be excused from voting.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose to a question of
order.
Mr. SCHENCK. A member, in asking to be
excused from voting, is authorized by the rule to
give his reasons verbally and briefly.
Mr. C.J. INGERSOLL. 1 desire, for my own
government, to ask a question of the Chair:
Must not these reasons, according to all Parlia-
mentary practice, and all usage of this House, be
strictly personal ?
The SPEAKER repeated the requisitions of the
rule.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am bound to believe that
this error of which T speak has erept in by some
inadvertence. And I do not wish to give my vote
on a bill, or resolution, containing so gross an error
in relation to the rights of any portion of the
country.
Mr. BAYLY. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. SCHEIsCK. Will the gentleman state
what his point of order is?
Mr. BA^LY. The reasons which the gentle-
man is assigning for being excused from voting,
apply, not as the rule requires, to personal consid-
erations, but to the impropriety of the measure
itself. If the ground he has assumed be true, his
proper course is, not to be excused from voting, but
to vote against the resolution; and his obvious inten-
tion is to discuss the question, after the previous
question has been ordered, and when no discus-
sion is in order.
The SPEAKER said, that it would be impossi-
ble, in all cases, for the Chair to confine a member
strictly to reasons of a personal character. The
rule was in the following words:
" All motions to excuse a member from voting
