1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
passed the resolution of 1819, fixing the rates of
compensation; and a committee reported and re-
commended a scale of prices, thai the work might
be done in a manner creditable to the literature of
our country. If a resolution should he introduced
to change the law, the Senate would find him
ready to make inquiry as to what extent the prices
could be reduced; but he protested against an in-
terruption of an election of printer by the measure
suggested.
Mr. CLAYTON briefly offered some remarks
in reply, to the effect thatj in the event of the elec-
tion of printer to the Senate, he would hold a
vested right by the act of 1844; and, if he were
elected, he could claim a right to regulate the price
of printing under his contract,
Mr. SPEIGHT said he had no such object by
the introduction of Ins resolution,
Mr. CLAYTON commented on the exorbitant
demand hitherto made for printing in numerous
instances, and at a large per centage, and stated
that the rates, in various instances, were enor-
mously high. He went on to say that the act of
1844 described the maximum rates (beyond which
they could not go) at twenty per cent, less than
heretofore. He would vote against the motion.
Mr. PHELPS was of opinion that the only safe
course for the Senate to pursue was, to defer the
election of printer until Congress could act upon
the subject of a regulation of the prices, in case a
resolution of the Senatfe alone would not be suffi-
cient. The arguments advanced by Senators on
the other side, showed the propriety of suffering
the subject of the election to rest until something
was determined respecting the prices.
Mr. BREESE said it appeared to him to bo
more important that the printing should be well
done than that it should be done cheaply. lie
thought they ought not to be delayed by any un-
derbidding propositions, and he was authorized
by the proprietors of the Union to state that they
were prepared, in case they were appointed, to
conform themselves to any law or regulation that
might, lie adopted by Congress in relation to the
printing.
The question was then taken on considering the
resolution, by yeas and nays, us follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Ath-
erton, Bag-by, Benton, Breesc, Cameron, Cass,
Chalmers, Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield,
Hannrgan, Haywood, Jenness, Levy, Lewis,
McDuffie, Niles, Pennybacker, Semplc, Sevier,
Speight, Sturgeon, Turney, and Westcott—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, T.
Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden,
Davis, Dayton, Greene, Huntington, Jarnagin,
Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum, Miller, Pearce,
Plu-lps, Simmons, Upham, Webster, and Wood-
bridge—21.
Mr. SPEIGHT then modified his resolution so
as to require that the Senate proceed forthwith to
the election ofa printer.
Mr. WESTCOTT then offered the following
amendment:
Resolved, That if, hereafter, during the term for
which the printer is elected, provision should be
made by law for disconnecting the public printing
from the newspaper press and for the establish-
ment of a public printing office to do the printing
of Congress, the printer so elected shall be subject
to such regulations as may be made by such laws
as to his continuance m office.
Mr. ALLEN observed that nothing could be
effected by this amendment. All that could be
done was to bring m a bill to alter the existing
law. He hoped, therefore, the amendment would
not prevail.
Mr. SPEIGHT said it certainly did seem to
him surprising that just at this particular time
there should be exhibited such a remarkable de-
sire for retrenchment. Whenever a proposition
for a proper reduction of prices should be brought
forward, he would be ready to go for it; but it was
a subject worthy of grave, consideration, and one
which should not be pressed upon them hastily.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he felt it to be his duty
to press the adoption of the amendment which he
had just offered, not from any,'personal feeling
which he entertained, but beea&se.jij,.was impress-
ed with the belief that it would &vs a salutary
effect on the public press of this country, from one
end of it to tne other, if there was no ptublic pa-
tronage which could be bestowed upon it. With
respect to the gentleman for whom he was expect- :
ed to vote, lie' believed him to be perfectly pure ,
and altogether above paltry motives. He felt it to •
be his duty to offer this resolution in order to pre- ,
vent the hands of the Senate from being tied,and
to prevent gentlemen on the other side from say- j
ing we have made our contract and we cannot alter j
it for two years.
Mr. ALLEN dissented from the views of the
Senator who had just sat down; because, if the j
amendment should be adopted it would become
the law of the land, that the patronage of the
Government, as far as regards the printing, was to I
be held from one description of the people of this j
country. His views were, that the laws should j
confer no privileges upon sects or subdivisions of ,
the community. ' Another view was, that such a
course would also proscribe a portion of the com-
munity; and he (Mr. A.) would proscribe no man.
The amendment, if adopted, was calculated to
proscribe the press of the country by a solemn act
of Congress. Ho therefore would oppose the
amendment.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
by yeas and nays, and decided as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Bagby, Barrow, Ben-
ton, Berrien, Cameron, Thomas Clayton, JohnM.
Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton,
Greene, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson of Louis-
iana, Lew, Lewis, McDuffie, Mangum, Miller,
Pearce, Phelps, Simmons, Upham, Webster,
Westcott, and Woodbridge—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Ath-
erton. Breesc. Cass, Chnhmrs, Colquitt, Dickin-
son, Dix, fail-field, flannc^m, Haywood, Jenness,
Nili-s, Pennybacker, Scrapie, Sevier, Speight,
Sturgeon, and Turney—'21.
The amendment being agreed to—
The resolution was then further amended by Mr.
ATHERTON, by adding— i
" The printing to be paid for at the, rates now •
' established by law, or such rates as may, during
* the present se.ssion, be established by law or by I
'resolution of Congress." I
Mr. CLAYTON then offered the following!
amendment: j
'•That the person or prisons elected printer to ]
' the Senate .shall be reqiuied to si«n an agreement
' to do the printmg of the Senate at not less than
' twenty per cent, under the prices fixed by the
' act of 1819, when the number of the documents
' to be printed does not exceed 5,000, and per
' cent, less when the number exceeds 5.000; and
' when the same person or persons shall be elected
' printer to each House, no allowance shall be
1 made for double composition, or setting up of the
' same document."
Mr. CLAYTON asked for the yeas and nays;
and the question being taken, it was decided as
follows:
YEAS—Messis. Archer, Barrow, Benton, Ber-
rien, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwin,
Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Greene, Huntnifiton,
Jarnagm, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum, Miller,
Niles, Pearce, Phelps, Simmons, Upham, Web-
ster, and Woodbridge—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atcliison Athcr-
ton, Bagby, Brcese, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers,
Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hannegan,
Haywood, Jenness, Levy, Lewis, McDuffie, Pen-
nybacker, Semple, Sevier, Speight, Sturgeon, Tur-
ney, and Westeoit-—~6.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for a printer
I to the Senate; and the lesult was as follows:
| Whole number of votes given in 49
j Necessary to an election 25
Messrs. Ritchie & lleiss received 27
Mr. Ritchie J
Messrs. Gales & Seaton 20
Messrs Jefferson & Co 1
Messrs. Ritchie & Hciss having received a ma-
jority of all the votes given, were therefore duly
elected printers to the Senate for the Twenty-ninth
Congress.
On motion of Mr. SEYIER, the Senate took up
the joint, resolution from the House for the appoint-
ment of Chaplains: which was concurred in.
Mr. HAYWOOD moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business;
but, without any decision on the motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 17,1845.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House sundry
communications from Executive Departments, viz:
revenue marine.
I. From the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting a detailed and able report upon the subject
of the revenue marine establishment of the United
States, containing an account of all the operations
of that branch of the public service during; the
year. The report is made by Captain Alexander
, V. FYnser, the otricer in charge of the Revenue
' Marine Bureau of the Treasury Department The
| amount estimated for the seivice of the estabhsh-
i ment for the next year, exclusive of the construc-
; tion of revenue steamers, is £229,806. The
I amount estimated for revenue boats is £>74,223;
i making together £304,029. There is also a table,
from which we have compiled the following state-
ment :
Expenditure of every description upon Iron Revenue
Stealers, from April 1843, to December 1845.
The McLane, built in Boston §83,338 (59
Dallas, do Buffalo 82,952 23
Legare, do New York 90,307 15
Spencer, do "WestPoint... .105,013 10
Jefferson, do Oswego 100,943 25
Bibb, do Pittsburg 145,604 13
Walker, do do 2,480 51
Polk, do Richmond 9,919 94
£620,621 00
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to he printed.
coast survey.
Jl. From the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
nutting the report of the Chief Superintendent of
the coast survey, showing the operations of that
important bivmcli of the public set nee fur the pa^t
yen. The repent is signed by Professor Alexan-
der D. Bache, and dated at£< Bodie's Island, North
Carolina, November 29, 1S45." It was laid on
the table and ordered to he printed; nnd, on mo-
tion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, 250 copies extra
we ordered for the use of the officers and others
connected with the survey.
The SPEAKER announced that the reception
and the consideration of petitions, memorials, re-
monstrances, and State resolutions, was the regular
order of business; and
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the resolutions of the State of Massachusetts, pre-
sented by Mr. "Winthrop, on the 15ih instant, in
favor of an amendiru at of the nature)] i/.atjou laws.
The resolutions were read by the Clerk, and arc
as follows:
Whereas the purity of the ballot box is indis-
pensable for the security of the rights and the free
and full expression of the will of the people; and
whereas experience has clearly denionstiated that
the naturalization laws of the United States are
loose and defective, affording opportunities for the
perpetration of gross frauds, destructive alike to
the rights and morals of our citizens and the sta-
bility of our institutions:
Resolved, That the rights, interests, and morals
of the people demand an immediate and thorough
revision of the naturalization laws; and we regard
it as the imperative duty of Congress so to amend
those laws, that, while a liberal and just policy
shall be adopted towards such foreigners as are or
ma7 come among us, the rights and privileges of
our countrymen shall be kept inviolate, and thp.
ballot-box permanently guarded against every im-
proper influence.
Resolved, That our Senators and Representa-
tives in Congress are hereby especially requested
to use their utmost exertions forthwith to procure
such amendments in the naturalization laws as
shall carry out and perpetuate, as far as possible,
the principles indicated m the foregoing resolve.
Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor be
requested to transmit a copy of these resolves to
each of our Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress.
When these resolutions were presented, Mr.
Levin moved that they be referred lo a select com-
mittee, A motion was also made on the &ame day,
