1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
of our Government, and of which so large a por-
tion of the prosperity of our country is absolutely
nothing else than a product.
Mr. WINTHROP said that the question before
the House related to a series of resolutions which
he had had the honor to present. He could assure
gentlemen on all sides of the Hoeise that these
resolutions did not originate in any factious desire
to excite agitation on the subject. They were the
resolutions of the legislature of Massachusetts.
They did not undertake to point out any mode of
altering the naturalization laws of the country.
They expressed no opinion whatever on that
matter. But they were predicated on the idea
that, in the opinion of a large majority of the
people of that State, and, as he believed, of the
people of the country, that some revision, some
amendment of our naturalization system, was es-
sentially necessary to the preservation of our free
institutions. The resolutions emanated from no
third party. They were resolutions emanating-, as
he had already stated, from the legislature of Mas-
sachusetts. The sentmienthad been expressed by
the gentleman who had just sat down, that Native
Americanism was dead, lie (Mr. W.) might,
perhaps, be willing to assent tc that sentiment if
the gentleman meant that Native Americanism, as
a third party in the various localities in which it
iiad originated, was dead. But if the gentleman
meant that there have been no abuses—no gross
frauds perpetrated in elections in times past, and
that gross frauds are not likely to be perpetrated
in elections in all time to come, unless we have a
reform of our naturalization laws, then he (Mr. W.)
totally disagreed with the gentleman. He did not
know whether any member of that House had
taken the pains to examine the testimony furnished
by another branch of the legislature, by a commit-
tee authorized to investigate this subjcct, ami .send
for persons and papers, and who transacted their
business chiefly by means of depositions taken by
persons duly authorized in the various Stales,
[jut if thay had not examined that document, he
hoped and trusted that no member of the House
would move to lay the resolutions on the table, or
attempt, in any way, to shut out this subject from
a fair and just examination, until lie had at least
read and considered the plain evidence furnished
by gentlemen above all suspicion of any party
feeling—bv members of the judicial system of the
States of New York, Louisiana, and Pennsylva-
nia—many of whom, so long as they were associ-
ated with any party, belonged to that political
party so largely in the majority in that House.
The testimony of these judges, able and venerable
men, showed that frauds, gross frauds, had been
perpetrated in various cities of the United States,
m consequence of defects in the naturalization
system, and pointing out themselves, in the most
direct and umnistakeable terms, the remedy—alter-
ations of the system necessary to the maintenance
of the purity of the ballot-box. He had said more
than lie had intended. He wished merely to call
the attention of the PTouse, to the fact, that the reso-
lutions did not emanate from the member from
Pennsylvania, who was such an active and promi-
nent member of the third party. He wished to
call the attention of the House to the fact, that the
resolutions were the solemn expressions of the
legislature of Massachusetts; that they spoke the
sentiments of the whole people of Massachusetts—
certainly of a large portion of them. He wished
to call the attention of the House to the fact, that
probably the whole delegation of Massachusetts on
that floor—not a very large delegation, indeed, but
one perhaps entitled to as much consideration as
any other—would cheerfully support the member
from Pennsylvania in any measure calculated to
bring this subject fairly and fully before the candid
investigation of that House and of the country, lie
thought that the reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary was appropriate; but as the member
from Pennsylvania desired its reference to a select
committee, he (Mr. W.) would waive his motion,
and give way to that introduced by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. McDOWELL called for the reading of the
resolutions ; and they were read accordingly.
Mr. McD. said that, from the remarks of the
gentleman, he had been led to suppose that these
resolutions recommended something specific in re-
lation to our naturalization laws, and asked that
the period of probation should be extended to
twenty-one years—a change to which Mr. McD.
was utterly opposed; but, on hearing the resolu-
tions read, he discovered that they asked no such
thing, but merely proposed a revision of the laws,
with a view to the more effectual protection of the
ballot-box. To this he certainly had no objection.
But if the object of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania was to get up a political excitcment in this
House, and thereby send out food and nourish-
ment to a party which was fast dwindling into in-
significance, and seemed likely to die a natural
detith, then he would vote to lay the resolutions
on the table. He had, however, no objection that
they should be referred to the Judiciary Com- :
mittee. !
He here renewed the motion for the previous !
question. !
And the question being on the seconding the '
call— !
Mr. McDOWELL said that, at the earnest re- ;
quest of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and «
out of courtesy to that gentleman, he would with- ,
draw the motion if the gentleman would agree to j
renew it. |
Mr. DOUGLASS asked of the Chair whether j
it was m the power of a member to withdraw a i
call for the previous question, on condition and by j
agreement with another, or must not his with- i
drawal be absolute and unconditional ? Mr. D. |
thought all these bargains in reference to the course
of business to be wholly improper.
The CHAIR decided that if the call for the pre-
vious question was withdrawn, it must bo done
absolutely.
Mr. McDOWELL was understood to withdraw
the call.
Mr. DAPJIAGIX said he had particular renins
for desmng to say a lew words on 'his subject.
He should have preferred to Mt in quietness: but
as there were a latue number of persons in liisdis-
trict who belonged politically t'> ih's third ];:ti'! y,
he wished to set himself right, !o thom :n the vote he
should give. He should vote in favor ofrefeinn^
the resolutions to a select committee, because lit
believed that if there was any subject tliat ought
to go to a sclc.et committee it was this. The sub-
jects referred to the Judiciary Committee were
usually those which had respect to particular laws;
but this subject had to do with what might be de-
nominated an elemental law, directly and utally
affecting the fundamental right of citizenship itself:
it touchcd the very formation of our Government, ,
and therefore it was surely a fit subject for the con-
sideration of a select committee. Put though he
would thus refer it, lie was far from being in favor
of the project of altering our naturalization laws.
Pie was against any change in those laws, rle
had examined them, and he took this opportunity
publicly to state that he was not in favor of the
proposed restrictions. He had no doubt that great
frauds had been practised ; but could Congress
remedy them by extending the period of proba-
tion for citizenship? 1 f gr<v.t frauds were pntc-
tised under laws whuh required a probation of
five years, why would they not still !>• practised
though the term should be extended to twenty-one
years ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of New York, soid he had
not been in his scot when the present debate com-
menced, and had heard but a part of it. The rep-
resentatives of the Native American party were
here but a small handful, but they had been went
here by a very respectable portion of the people of
this Union, with the express view of bringing this
naturalization question before the people. If they
were wrong in their views, the Blouse could easily
set them ri^ht; and if they were right, the House
owed it to justice, and magnanimity to allow them
to be heard. This naturalization question was by
no means a settled question in our policy. The
terms of naturalization had been changed four or
five different times sinec the adoption of the Fede-
ral Government; and when the time should come
tli at their views should have an opportunity of
being heard through the report of a committee,
and by means of their own speeches, he hoped
they would be able to show that there were good
grounds for a further alteration. Mr. C. said he
yielded to no man in his favorable regard towards
the oppressed foreigner who camc to our shoves
seeking for his future home. God forbid thai he
should ever see this land any other than a home
for the exile and for the oppressed; but his attach-
ment was nevertheless strong and deep to the peo-
ple born on his own native soil, and which had
been the country of his fathers before him. And
lie would not consent to confer benefits on any, if
they must be at the expense and to the detriment
of his own native born fellow-citizens. As the
laws now stood, the adopted children of the coun-
try were in the enjoyment of privileges not ac-
corded to our own citizens. He should not, how-
ever, attempt to discuss the general question, but
he trusted that the House, in its magnanimity,
would not refuse to him and his friends the oppor-
tunity of putting themselves fairly before it and
before the country.
Mr. WOODRUFF was understood to say that
ho did not intend to occupy the attention of the
House by any lengthy remaiks upon the subject
before it. The question had assumed quite a dif-
ferent character from what he had anticipated, and
caused more debate than he supposed would grow*
out of it. He dul not rise to recriminate, to retort,
or to pay back in such unseemly coin as gentlemen
had scon fit to deal out towards his colleagues and
himself; nor would he now enter into the merits
or demerits of the question, as involved in its con-
sideration. It was not his opinion that the proper
period had arrived for such action on his part, or
that of his colleagues upon this floor.
The question had been sprung upon them un-
expectedly, and he thanked the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wintitrop] for reminding
him that it originated in the Assembly of his own
Commonwealth, by a set of icsohitions properly
presented for the consideration of this IIor.se.
What reasons could gentlemen possibly have for
wishing to lay ihese resolutions on the table, as
aii honorable gentleman moved two day? since; or
what good reason could gentlemen have for ormo-
fcxiig their reference to a se'e^t committee? Were
not tiie resolutions respectful to this House? P:d
they not come from a cbgmfied quarter? Were
they (lictatov-ntr Of what was that Assembly con-
stituted ? Of Whigs? No, sir. Of Democrats or
Native Amenicans? Neither. Tins was no party
measure; it was a matter wbhdi had its oiigm in,
and came from, the as/rmbhd wisdom of a free
and sovereign S^ate, and w-vj consequently sus-
tained in ito political oQbot by the voice of the
whole Commonwealth of Massachusetts. It there-
fore demanded the respectful, sober, and honest
consideration of the House.
Plow (continued Mr. W.) is this object to be at-
tained? My honorable colleague proposes iVtr
reference to a selcct committee, and i shall vote for
such a reference, because I believe it to be the
most suitable way to get this subject before tho
"House. We arc bound (said he) to look this nat-
uralization question full in the face; the people ex-
pect it; it must be met. What are gentlemen afraid
of? I hold that, if there be in these resolutions any-
thing which bespeaks danger, or puts in peril the
institutions of the land, it is the duty of gentle-
men to meet it, and to adopt measures to counter-
ed t it; but if there is the least reason to suppONe
there is nnyihiug in them which has a tendency
to support or perpetuate the institutions of these
States, then mo^t especially was it the duty of gen-
tlemen in that House to refer them to a select com-
mittee, and thus allow the whole matter to come
before them, the people, and the woild. Pie hoped
at some future period to have an opportunity to
discuss the merits of the question, and should now
vote for the reference to a select committee.
Mr. PAYNE said that, as he understood gentle-
men, the motion to refer these resolutions to the
Judiciary Committee was objected to for two rea-
j sons: first, because such a proceeding would not
j be respectful to the Massachusetts Legislature;
and, second, because the effect of such reference
world inevitably be to strangle all investigation on
the subject-matter of the resolutions. Now, as 10
the first of these objections, it was an old cry m
thai House. Scarce anything could be presenUd
from that quarter and acted on in This House, but
straight tlv1 House was met by this cry of d'sm-
spect to Massachusetts. What! We^ it d,sre-
spectful to refer these resolutions of the iv'a^sa-
| chusetts Legislature to the very fust of all the
standing committees in the House? To a com-
mittee presumed to be distinguished for its learn-
ing, and especially for lis legal attainments? If th's
was a disrespectful roursc, ho really did not know
what might not be re^a^ded a1-' di.-a-pspect co h-r.
The second objection assumed, that ;f the Judicia-
ry Committee ever 2ot its hands on these resolu-
tions, they would strangle them. This was a di-
