72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 17,
he sought to refute and to repel. The resolutions
spoke of fraud pcipetrated under t3ie naturalization
laws, thereby limiting the inquiry not to frauds
committed by our citizens at large, but those per-
petrated by foreigners alone. Mr. Gr. was opposed
on the threshold to any action of this House which
went to strengthen such an imputation, and he
would vote for no reference which should have
such an effect. This question about naturalization
had been much mooted in our large cities on the
Atlantic, and the party had sought to obtain afoot-
hold in Baltimore, but it had met with a signal re-
buke in that city, which £ave graves to its invaders
and monuments to its defenders. Yes, it had there
been effectually rebuked by the might and majori-
ty of the ballot-box, and it never would be heard
of again.
Mr. G. had another reason for opposing a refer-
ence to a sclcct committee. There was no nation
on this earth which owed so much to immigration
as this land in which it was our proud fortune to
dwell. Two centuries ago it was the home of the
prowling savage ; but what was it to-day? The
pride of nations. Here was enjoyed the purest
liberty which the earth had ever seen, and ours was
destined to be the greatest Government the-world
had ever witnessed, if we were but true to our-
selves and true to our position. What was the
extent of our territory this day? It might with
truth be answered—
" The bioad Pacific chafes our strand;
« We hear the wild Atlantic roar."
Ours—yes, ours—was the fairest inheritance
which a bounteous Providence had ever vouch-
safed to man. And to what did vre owe it? To
immigration. Every nation of Europe had sent
her^tribute to our shores; and atil) they came, and
still the wave rolled onward, till all our valleys and
our mountain sides were filled with their numbers
and growing m wealth with the labor of thea'
hands. On this Government the eyes of the down-
trodden nations of Europe were fixed with admir-
ing gaze, and they were preparing in thousands to
translate themselves to a land of promise flowing
with milk and honey. And now, were we about
to present to these gazing multitudes the spectacle
of an American Congress giving its sanction to
measures which looked towards a system of law
intended to prevent their enjoyment of the blessings
of our liberty? Were we prepared to tell them
that we were unwilling now to receive to a partici-
pation in that liberty those whose stout arms and
true hearts had come to our rescue in the day that
tried men's souls? Now, when we were m the full
enjoyment of the fruits of their toil and blood; now,
that we no longer needed the services of a Lafay-
ette, or a Kosciusko, or a Pulaski; now should we
say to their countrymen, we will no longer permit
you to share the freedom which they helped to se-
cure? He trusted not.
There was another aspect of this subject These
resolutions were but the incipient stage of a great
measure. What did they look to? A change in
our naturalization law extending the term of pro-
bation to twenty-one years. It had been urgcci as
one of the greatest objections against countries of
the Old World that they contained large masses of
people who had no interest in the Government.
Yet gentlemen were going to bring here among us
this very evil. They wanted to keep a stranger
twenty-one years among us before he could be
naturalized. Before that period should have ex-
pired there would be in the country from two to
three millions of foreigners without direct interest
or participation m the Government. Did the Na-
tive Americans wish to see such a state of things5
In the uncertain state of our national affairs, could
any true and enlightened patriot wish to witness it,
much less to produce it? Impossible; e-v ery patriot
must deprecate it.
For these reasons Mr. G. felt himself constrained
to vote for a reference of the resolutions to the
Judiciary Committee. Any general inquiry into
abuses of the ballot-box he was ready to go for;
but why the invidious distinction between those
who were.citizcns by accident and those who had
cut loose from all the ties of home, from the tender
associations of the fireside and of the graves of
their ancestors, and had bra\ed the perils of the
ocean, that they might cast their lot with us? If
any discrimination was made in the inquiry, surely
it ought rather to be in fpvor of the latter; but
Justice should ever poise her scale with bandaged
eyes; and, in reference to this great question, be-
fore the universe he would have the glory of his
country pure as heaven, lasting as time.
Mr. BAKER observed that, as this seemed
rather to be a rehearsal than a performance, it might
perhaps be as proper that he should take a part in
it as well as any other gentleman. [A laugh.]
He was in favor of a select committee, and he
would briefly offer his reasons. And, first, he
would afek, what possible harm could such a refer-
ence do ? Who was going to be injured by it ?
The purpose of these resolutions was either right
or wrong. If they were right, let us know it: and
even if they were wrong, they would, as had justly
been observed, be practically harmless, so long as
truth was free to combat them. He knew that, as
a general thing, the rule of the House forbade the
reference of subjects to seJcct committees, unless
under peculiar circumstances; but he thought that,
as well in the manner of presentation as in the sub-
ject itself, there was something which entitled these
I resolutions to more than ordinary respect. Mr.
! B. had heard some sneers directed against the
| State of Massachusetts; but he had heard no com-
j plaints of this from any of her sons; but ought
this calmness to expose her resolutions to be treated
with disrespect? If there was any member of our
National Confederacy to which Mr. B. was ready
to listen with more profound reverence than to
another, it was that ancient Commonwealth of
Massachusetts. Why should she be sneered at
for presenting resolutions like these ? What was
it she asked? That any stigma should be fixed
upon a foreigner? No such thing: but she simply
announced that frauds had been perpetrated under
our naturalization lows, and invited the delibera-
tion and action of Congress on that subject. She
said that she considered this matter as one of
great, yes, of infinite concern to the nation. The
rights of our native born citizens had been tram-
pled on by those who were aliens from our blood,
rle did not, indeed, believe that all which had
been said on that subject was true; but he was for
allowing those who 'made this affirmation a fair
hearing. They said that they could prove the
facts, and he rejoiced that they had presented their
request to do so under the dignified sanction of the
State of Massachusetts.
Certain gentlemen on one side of the House
seemed to exult in the belief that the Native Amer-
ican party had been forever destroyed. Now, Mr.
B. was no member of that party, and there were
imperative reasons why he, of all living men,
should not be numbered in their ranks. Still he
could scarce forgive that want of good taste and
good feeling which was manifested by this triumph
over a dead enemy. The gentlemen seemed to
boast, like Alexander in his wine—
" And thrice thev routed ail their foes,
" And thrice they slew the slain."
If the party was dead, was it dignified to insult
it in its downfall; ay, and even to refuse a commit-
tee who might pronounce a funeral oration over
the body? For one, he was glad of the opportu-
nity of giving his vote in favor of a select com-
mittee. There were but six Native Americans on
that floor, and when before had a serious question
been made about extending an ordinary act of
courtesy to men who represented so large and re-
spectable a portion of our fellow-citizens? The
subject contained in this petition had been referred
to the Judiciary Committee of the last "Congress;
so at least he believed.
Mr. WOODRUFF confirmed that statement.
Mr. BAKER would ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania in his eye, [Mr. J. R. Lvgcrsoll,]
what had in that case been the action of the Ju-
diciary Committee?
Mr. J. R. i Nu ERSOLL said that, according to
his recollection, a bill had been reported, but un-
accompanied by a written report, but it had never
been acted on.
Mr. ERODHEAD begged leave to correct this
statement. _ A report had been drawn up at length
by the chairman of the committee, and laid before
the House.
Mr. BAKER resumed. This, then, was all that
had been done. From the maimer in which the
subject had then been treated, from the obvious
bias which had been manifested by that commit-
tee, was it to be supposed that the six Native Ame-
ricans here would have a fair opportunity of ex-
posing (a  the gentleman from Maryland said) to
the universe the evil of which they complained?
It seemed to be supposed that these resolutions
were intended to influence the House and the na-
tion to impose greater restrictions on the right of
naturalization; but was there anything in the res-
olutions which said so? Or was there anything
in the character of the Massachusetts Legislature
to warrant such a conclusion? The majority of
that legislature were Whigs: was it supposed by
gentlemen that the Whig party would act with
those by whom they had fallen from power, and
with whom they openly denied all connexion?
The idea was absurd. The resolutions proposed
no such thing; they merely stated the fact that
frauds had been committed, and all knew that
there were among us those who, for selfish ends,
were ready to pander to fraud. No charge was
made against the foreigner any more than against
the native citizen. And where was the man who
would say that such frauds ought not forever to be
prevented?
There seemed among some gentlemen to be a
disposition to pronounce eulogies on the foreign
population which was here and which was to
come here. These eulogiums were very beautiful
indeed, and on some occasions might have been
very appropriate. He had listened with delight
to the eloquent reference inade by certain gentle-
men to portraits in the Hall; but all this would
have done just as well, and possibly a little better,
on a former occasion. Yes, he well remembered
how his own heart had thrilled and glowed when
the accents of the living Lafayette had been heard
upon that floor, and when he had been addressed
by the exalted statesman who had then filled the
chair, [Mr. Clay.] He would ask gentlemen
whether they had ever heard, or ever expected to
hear, a tribute to the patriotism and virtue of the
illustrious foreigner equal to that then given in
soul-subduing strains from lips whose utterance
resembled that of the elder gods ? And were the
American people to be told by gentlemen here,
their servants, that they were forgetful of such
benefits? No; they were not forgetful. Well did
they know, deeply did they feel, what they owed
to the glorious band who had rendered them. And
this was but the greater reason why the most
sacred of all their rights should not be trifled with
and trampled on. He hoped the resolutions would
go to a select committee.
Mr. CHIPMAN then succeeded in obtaining
the floor. He was a young member. When the
question had been broached that day, he had re-
solved to keep his seat, and to allow it to pass
without offering a solitary remark. And he should
probably have remained silent, had not the remark
of the gentleman from Illinois so affected his sen-
sibilities, that he could not possibly refrain from
expressing his sentiments. If he riehtlv under-
stood the question, it was as open and fcroad as
the interests of the republic—as broad and expan-
sive as the Union, in the language of a gentleman
on the other side; and, therefore, required special
reference. He could not but regard that as a novel
position. He considered that the rights and feel-
ings of the poorest emigrant from abroad were
entitled to as much consideration as any, however
much exalted by mighty deeds. That man—the
son of the Emerald Isle—who had severed all those
ties which had bound him to that beloved home,
amid whose valleys he had wandered in his youth.
and where his young lips were first taught to lisp
the name of God,—when he came to this'land was
as much entitled to regard and as worthy of es-
teem as the greatest hero, with his laurels—
« Blood-bought, and watered with the widow's tears."
Some gentlemen had appeared ready to burst
with admiration of a Lafayette; but he (Mr. C.)
would take them to the wharf at Philadelphia, and
there suppose them meeting the poor son of Erin
There they would discover' that his first, his only
ejaculation, on setting his foot upon the shores of
this free land, would be a devout expression of
gratitude to the God of heaven that he had, indeed,
been released from the iron rule of tyranny. But
what was the language that some Native American
would address to the poor stranger? It would he—
" Cease your grateful invocation to the Author of
' your existence; you are mistaken: you have scv-
' ered yourself from a home whose oppression
1 crushed you to the dust, bat you have made a
' foolish exchange; you are how* expatriated; and
' you are to remain "disfranchised, till you pay the
' last debt of nature; fifty years have fronted your
' head for the grave; and, by the naturalization
' laws of this Union, yott must remain set' only
