1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
4 expatriated, but disfranchised—the naked sem-
* blance of a man, without his rights, till the last
* moment of your existence!" Such was the lan-
guage addressed to the foreigner. "Were those the
blessings that they proposed to extend to the coun-
trymen of aLafayette—not to mention other names,
for that imbodied all that could be uttered ? Were
those the blessings, he would ask, which were of-
fered in this asylum of the oppressed, to the men
who left the lands of tyranny and blood, and came
here sighing after liberty? Their hearts came
bursting with the hope of freedom, and freedom
met them, and told them that they were degraded,
fallen wretches. He cherished altogether different
sentiments.
What, he would ask, what was this Native Amer-
ican party ? Where had it its origin, and who are
Native Americans? Native Americans were they
who enjoyed all the blessings of freedom—who had
derived even their very existence from foreigners—
from the sons of those lands whose emigrants it
was now attempted to place under the ban of the
most odious and oppressive system of proscription.
The Native American party had originated in a
false and unworthy pride. Great national prosper-
ity, the unexampled progress of the republic, had
excited in the minds of some wrong impressions as
to the duty of American citizens. Some had for-
gotten that they held this glorious inheritance of
freedom in trust—that they were the guardians of
those great principles of universal toleration and
universal freedom for which their fathers had con-
tended even unto death. In their prosperity and
pride some Americans had forgotten tb e aebt which
they owed to the foreigner, and thatname was now
uttered by some lips with disrespect. But it was
said that the denizen of a foreign land, who sought
a home and an asylum here, " could not appreciate
our institutions." Out upon such silly calumny?
"What! Were not the foreigners who landed on
Plymouth rock able toappiccjate the blessings of
liberty? Was the present a crisis when the influx
of foreign wealth, and foreign industry, and foreign
numerical strength into this country, was to be re-
garded as a national calamity? He really could
hardly condescend to notice, in terms of serious
argument, the miserable reasoning with which it
had been attempted to bolster up this Native Ame-
rican movement. This republic, is now rapidly
extending its broad domains from the Atlantic to
the Pacific. It is fast fulfilling its high destiny.
Year after year it is more and more exhibiting it-
self in the eyes of the world, as the asylum of
persecuted religion, and the home of outlawed lib-
erty. Was the present, then, a period when any
man really inspired by devotion to the cause of
universal freedom—really imbued with those lofty
and patriotic sentiments which constituted the pe-
culiar glory and pride of American citizenship,
could stand up in the face of heaven and all men,
and declare that the gates of free America were to
be closed against all those who happened to have
been born beyond the Atlantic? No. The desti-
ny of this country was settled. They wanted this
foreign population. They wanted their native, love
of liberty rolling in upon them, like the healthful
waves of the Atlantic, neutralizing till corrupting
influences of political intrigue and selfish partisan-
ship. It was not the hardy son of the Emerald
Isle, with his warm affections, his sturdy arm, his
frugal habits, his steady industry; it was not the
frank and manly German ; it was not the ingeni-
ous and gallant'Frenchman, that the true friend of
America dreaded. No! The brawling native par-
tisan—the scheming native demagogue—the un-
principled native party politician, who cared not
for the people nor for liberty,—these were the foes
of democratic principles, and democratic fieedom,
and democratic America, which were to be dread-
ed and put down. |
He would ask, where was there any reason— j
<my shadow of reason-r-for referring the resolu- ;
tions to a select committee instead of the Judiciary !
Committee? As to imputations on the latter, that ;
rcsuectable and important committee was able to ■
defend itself against them. Indeed it needed not 1
to make any defence against such imputations, i
He submitted that, in his humble judgment, this {
question of native Americanism was entitled to no !
more respect than was the abolition question. !
He had voted to lay the question (of abolition) •
upon the table, as being at war with the rights of
the people and with the Constitution of the Union.
And now, when any gentleman on this floor pro-
posed to extend the period of citizenship required
for naturalization—in other words, to put on end
to the naturalization laws—he looked upon it as
being in violation of the principles and the genius
of our Government, and abhorrent to the wishes
of the people; and therefore he opposed the spe-
cial reference. lie would not voce to lay the re-
solutions on the table, because they came from the
source (Massachusetts) to which the gentleman
from Illinois had alluded. But he remarked again,
he should have no pride, in a political point of
view, in being able to boast that Massachusetts
was his birthplace. He had always looked upon
it as something of a severe misfortune that his
birthplace (without his own consent) had happened
to be m Vermont!
He had yet to learn any reason for the special
reference of the resolutions. Why should they
not go to the Committee on the Judiciary, or some
other of the standing committees, to which they
properly belonged ? Ho asked it' the attempt to
divert them from the Judiciary Committee was not
an acknowledgment that there was some ulterior
object in view, and that they sought to throw fire-
brands into the halls of legislation, to send off far
and wide over the country some inflammatory re-
port, in order to make converts to native Ameri-
canism?
Mr. STANTON said he had looked with some
interest and not a little surprise on the debate
which had taken place, because he in his igno-
rance had thought that, as this was only a ques-
tion of reference, the discussion would of course
be confined to that point; but, instead of this, the
whole merits of the question of naturalization had
been discussed, and he confessed that on that sub-
ject, as well as on the practice of the House, he
had been not a little enlightened, lie was one of
these who had met that question before the people.
He had made up his own opinions on it, and,
though they wen: in accotdaute. with those winch
had been expressed by the gentleman last up, vet
his vote would be given in a direction immediately
opposite. It might be from ignorance of the points
at issue; but he did apprehend that, if the resolu-
tions went to the Judiciary Committee, such was
its character and composition tliat they were not
very likely to get a fair hearing.
The gentleman who had just taken his sent had
intimated an expectation, that if the reference of
these resolutions was refused to these gentlemen,
some others would be got up of a similar charac-
ter. Very probably they might; and it was for
this reason that he was for sending these to a select
committee. What if it did report m favor of these
resolutions, and report ever so strongly, he did not
distrust the majority of that House, nor the pa-
triotism of the American people, nor the time-
honored practice of our forefathers.
Mr. S. concluded by observing that, in giving
his vote on this occasion, he might possibly differ
from a majority of the party with whom he usually
acted; and it was for tins reason that he had tres-
passed on the time of the House.
Mr. LEVLN rose, and wished to move the ref-
erence of this subject to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GIDDfMGS (who had risen at the same
time, but had failed to catch the eve of the Speaker)
rose to a question of order, and claimed the right
to the floor, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
had once occupied it.
The SPEAKER. (Mr. HorKrsrs presiding tem-
porarily) said the Chair could not know for what
purpose the gentleman lxom Pennsylvania [Mr.
JjiaviN] had risen. He was now entitled to it; but
without a modification of the question, he could
not. speak n second time, until those who wished
to speak had had the opportunity.
Mr. LEVJN then moved to refer these resolu-
tions to a selcct committee, with instructions to
inquire whether any, and if any, what, alterations
of tiic naturalization laws were needed?
In reply to the remarks of gentlemen who had
previously spoken, he commenced in a strain of
eloquent language, but little of which, owing to
his rapidity of utterance and the confusion in the
Hons", can be given by the reporter. He was
understood to say that the House hnd been told
that the Native American party was dead; but he
could assure gentlemen that it yet lived, and was
likely to live. The principle which bound its
members together was at once so strong, and yet
so attractive, that it promised tliem yet a large ma-
jority both of the House and of the country, ar-
rayed in the sacred panoply of truth. That princi-
ple was no abstraction, it connected itself with a
name which imbodied all that was pure in patriot-
I ism, all that was lovely in virtue—a name which
was identified with our national independence,
which was now recognised as fame, and would
forever be consecrated to glory. It was a name
as familiar to the boy at school, with his peach-
bloomed cheek, as to the man whose head was
white, and who stooped for very age. Could it bo
necessary that he should mention that name ? Thei e
was but one of which this was true; yet so heavy
were the mists which shrouded the minds of some
men, that he was constrained to give utterance to
the name, which was itself a living imhodiment of
the principles of the Native American portv—it
was the name of George "Washington. Th.it, pai t /
wanted, and it intended to have, no entangling al-
liances with any. Tf there was any diseved it
attached to being a Native American, he pleaded
p.uilty to it all, and he wou'd fling himself upon
the a°*e for the results of such an avowal. Would
those who preferred to worship foreign idols (he
intended this in no injurious sense) look down
with scorn on one who dared to lay his hand upon
the Bible, and was content to abide the veuliet of
a tribunal in whose awards human frailty could
have no share?
TUey were told that we were deeply indebted to
Francc. Had gentlemen forgo* ten the fact that
France had been paid fifty millions out of the spo-
liations of her citizens upon the property of ours?
that the, brave Lafayette had been enriched; ;>nd
that money and pensions had been show ereci on
j all who shared in Ins memorable services5 When
i our gratitude was appealed to, all the romance of
| the appeal vanished at once m the imgling of the
j purse. When gentlemen spoke, of France, it had
i been with no common feeling that he listened to
j the allusions made to the noble La:av<ite. end to
: tiic ardor he iiad manifested in rendeiina' to ns
Ins invaluable services: but had we not manifest d
! equal ardor in acknowledging and in rewar- e" g
| them ? Where, t acn, was our del it to Fi ance 5 Tho
■ balance had been struck and paid: and, after tins
! regular mercantile transaciion, were, we to be loci
1 that we were indebted to the aid of Europe for our
j American liberty? It was the quan-ois of Eurnpc
| which brought us France as our ally. Would a
i despotic monarch, did gentlemen suppose, become
i the advocate of the pimciples of fice Government ?
| Would he prepare, with his own hands, the ele-
' ments which were in the issue to overturn his
throne? No; it was hatred to England, not the
abstract love of liberty, here or any where, which
procured for us his somewhat tardy aid. And
was this pleaded here as a debt due for liberty?
Why, a boy on the first form would be ashamed
to make such an argument.
It might indeed be said that still a feeling of gra-
titude lived in the bosom of eveiy American; and
was it this feeling which led us to worship a des-
potism? Who was it that had told Americans,
born on the soil, that they were here only by acci-
dent, while the foreign emigrant was here from
choice? Was this true? To constitute a free
choice there must be no coercion m die cas":
nothing m the shape of an unjust necessity to
drive a man from his home. The circumstances
of a man in two countries must first be equal be-
fore it could with truth be said that he had made a
free choice of one of them to be his home.
But what country in Europe could compote with
this m wdiat it offered to the poor but industrious
man? True, cpicurcs might possibly there find
better and more luxurious tables: but it was not
such persons who swelled the tide which was daily
flowing in upon our shores. Let gentlemen look
at the fact. They told the House that these for-
eigners came here from choice. Their choice, was
just, this: the love of bread. Gentlemen did but
lavish their eloquence in vain in making ridiculous
appeals about the patriotism manifested in tho
choice of this land for a home. What had been
the true state of the matter even in Mr. Jettison's
time? They fled here from political persecution
at home. They well knew that if they stayed the ro
their necks would be in danger of the axe or tho
cord. There was a direful necessity which drr\<>
them across the ocean. Yet it was true of many
of them, that they loved liberty for itself, and lixi
loved it in their own land; but such men canio
here not to disturb and overturn the reign of liberty
