1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
of his property in Florida by the illegal interfer-
ence of the Government through its agents; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. S. also presented the petition of a large
number of citizens of Easton, Pennsylvania, friends
of the colony at Liberia, stating that, the rights of
said colony had been .invaded; and praying that
the independence of the colony of Liberia may be
recognised by the United States; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BREESE presented a memorial of citizens
of Illinois, and the Territories of Iowa and Wis-
consin, praying that the mineral lands of the Uni-
ted States may be subject to sale as other public
lands; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. DICKINSON presented remonstrances of
45 ladies of Jefferson county, New York, against
the admission of Texas into the Union as a slave
State; also, a similar remonstrance from citizens of
New York; both of which were laid upon the table.
Mr. D. also gave notice of his intention to ask
leave of the Senate to introduce a bill for the relief
ofWm. B. Cheever.
Mr. TURNEY presented the petition of Robert
Armstrong, praying a pension for a wound re-
ceived in an engagement with the Creek Indians
in the year 1814; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented a remonstrance of
citizens of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, against the
admission of Texas into the Union with a constitu-
tion tolerating slavery; which was laid on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
petition of E. L. A. Ripley, only surviving child
and legal representative of Eleazer W. Ripley,
praying the payment of a sum of money awarded
to her late father by verdict of a jury in a suit in-
stituted against him by the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DIX presented four remonstrances from
citizens of New York against the admission of
Texas into the Union with a constitution tolera-
ting slavery; which were laid on the table.
Mr. WElBSTER presented a similar document
from citizens of Massachusetts; which took a simi-
lar course.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of a con ven-
tion of claimants, citizens of the United States,
praying indemnity for French spoliations prior to
the year 1800; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition of Tho-
mas McLellan, and twenty-five others, of Portland,
Maine, praying indemnification for French spolia-
tions prior to the year 1800.
In presenting this petition,
Mr. FAIRFIELD said he believed it had been
usually, though not uniformly, the case to refer
^similar petitions to the Committee on Foreign Re-
flations. In this instance, however, and under the
circumstances, he felt constrained, by a sense of
duty to the petitioners, and in obedience to the
spirit of thrice-repeated instructions from the Legis-
lature of Maine, to move a reference to a select
committee. He did not do this (and he knew his
friend from Ohio, the distinguished Chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations would so
understand it) from any want of respect for that
committee, or any member of it. On most ques-
tions he would rely with great confidence on the
opinions of that committee. In this case, how-
ever, it is well understood that the opinions of a
majority of the committee are adverse to these
claims. To refer this petition, then, to this com-
mittee would be to bury the whole subject for the
present session at least. This, he apprehended,
would not be in accordance with the genera) course
of the Senate. Without any definite rule upon the
subject, it has always been regarded as proper to
place a proposition in the hands of its friends,
with a view to the initiatory proceedings. Unless
such a course be pursued here, the subject cannot
be presented to the Senate for its consideration and
judgment. Even the opponents of the claims—
those who had made up their minds to go against
them at all events—he hoped would not oppose the
reference to a select committee, inasmuch as they
would not otherwise be fairly presented for our
consideration. In tins initiatory step there is no-
thing binding. No Senator commits himself. The
claims are merely put in a position for discussion;
and of this surely no one, either friends or oppo-
nents of the claims, should be afraid.
It appeared to him, (Mr. F.) also, that a con-
sideration for the reference of these claims to a se-
lect committee might be found in their magnitude
and importance, as well as in their history. It
will be remembered, also, that no less than four-
teen reports have emanated from respectable com-
mittees of both branches of Congress ill favor of
these claims, and that eight or nine of the Legisla-
tures of the sovereign States of the Union have in-
structed their Senators to support them. Under
all the circumstances, he entertained the hope that
there would be no opposition to the reference
asked.
Mr. F. said he had delayed many days making
this motion, in the hope that it would be made by
some older and more distinguished member of the
Senate. But knowing how often the favorable ac-
tion of Congress had been prevented by delay, lie
had concluded to make the motion himself, at the
same time expressing the hops that in the compo-
sition of the committee, should the Senate be kind
enough to grant one, his (Mr. F.'s) name would
be omitted. This he would esteem as n favor.
Mr. CLAYTON was in favor of the motion of
the Senator from Maine, and stated that he had
been instructed by the Legislature of Delaware to
press the claims in question upon the attention of
Congress. He had presented a petition praying
indemnity for French spoliations; which he merely
laid on the table. The Senator flom Virginia [Mr.
Archer] presented a similar petition afterwaids,
which, on his motion, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. He (Mr. C.) did
not move that reference to his petition, because lie
found that a majority of that committee weie op-
posed to its passage. He had intended, therefoie,
to move for a select committcc.
Mr. DIX rose merely for the purpose of stating
that when he received the similar petition presented
by liiin this morning, he referred to the journal of
the Senate, and found that the usual refeience for
years past had been to the Committee on Foreign
Relations; and therefore it was that he, not know-
ing the opinions of the gentlemen composing said
committee, had moved its reference to them. He
referred to cases in 1841,1842,1843,1844, and 1845,
in which petitions of this character had been re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
stated that these committees had made favorable
reports.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON inquired of Mr. D.
whether the gentlemen composing the committees
to whom he referred as having in former years
been intrusted with the consideration of the claims
in question, were not in favor of the claims.
Mr. DIX replied that he did not know their in-
dividual opinions, but that the committee had m
all instances reported favorably.
Mr. MILLER was in favor of the reference to a
special committee ; lie did not consider the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations the appropiiate one;
the claims for indemnity for French spoliations
were not claims upon a i'oicign nation, but against
the United States Government itself. He thought
it important that these claims should be met, and
favorably considered.
Mr. ARCHER said he believed that he had had
more recent experience on this subject than those
gentlemen who had addressed the chair, and it
might be proper, therefore, for him to add a word
or two to what hod already been said. The Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, of which he had long
been a member, had always had charge of the sub-
ject, probably because nobody took so much inter-
est as to move a contrary disposition of the me-
morials, as had been moved to-day. The Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, in consequence of the
pressure of other business, had not taken as deep
an interest as was desirable; and, that the subject
might receive more attention than heretofore, lie
was of opinion that the reference suggested by the
Senator from Maine ought to meet with the iavor
of the Senate.
Mr. ALLEN said that he did not know what
were the sentiments of other gentlemen on the
Committee on Foreign Relations, but, for himself,
he had no earthly desire to interpose even an ex-
pression or a wish as to what the Senate should
do. He was perfectly willing to abide by the will
of the Senate.
Mr. MANGUM said these claims, like South
side Madeira, had been so long and so often turn-
ed and turned, that they seemed every year to be-
come purer, and he had no doubt that, in a few
years more, they would become most incontest-
able. He regretted to differ from his friends on
that side of the chamber, but he believed they
ought to go to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Ho was opposed to this multiplication of special
committees. He therefore would move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HAYWOOD said he felt no particular anx-
iety about the course these petitions should take.
He was not aware of the existence of any Par-
liamentary rule which required that a claim should
be referred to a committee favorable to its objcci.
This was a claim against the Government, and
ought to go to a committee which would sustain
the rights of the Government, and it would be
necessarily discussed m the Senate. The Senate
ought not to adopt it as a maxim that every claim
must be submitted to a committee known to be fa-
vorable. Every report but one, it had been said,
had been in favor of these claimants. It was time,
then, that anything which could be said for the
Government should be said. The arguments m
favor of the claims had been exhausted; let us hear
what can be said on the other side.
Mr. WEBSTER could see no sufficient reason
for the reference to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations. It is a subject which no longer "conies
within the province of that committee. France
has been, long since, discharged from all liability;
and the claims now lie against the Government of
the United States. These claims had not only
| frequently been repoited favorably upon, but a
| bill on the subject had passed the Senate. The
subject will again be brought up for discussion m
the Senate, and if the subject could be expedited
by the reference to a select committee, he would
vote for it, believing the motion of the Senator
from Maine a very proper one.
On the call of Mr. SPEIGHT, the question on
the motion of Mr. Mangoji, to refer the petitions
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, was order-
ed to be taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. GREENE asked to lie excused from vo-
ting, on the ground that he had a peisonal interest
in these claims.
Mr. SPEIGHT said that his reason for asking
for the yeas and nays was, that these claims hod
always gone to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. It was now said they ought not to be so
referred, because that committee was opposed to
them. Who knew this? Had any Senator polled
the committee? He was well acquainted with
these claims. He had become familiar with them
while a member of the other House. They weie
as well known to him as the claim of Amy Dar-
den, for her stud horse Romulus, was known to
the country. If, as the Senator from Massachu-
setts had urged, they were no longer w ithm the
proper sphere of action of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, let them be sent to the Committee
on Claims, or to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He had always been opposed to these claims in the
other House. He thought them utterly baseless,
and would desire to see them finally disposed of.
The question was then taken on the motion to
refer the petitions to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Ath-
erton, Bagby, Benton, Breese, Cameron, Chal-
mers, Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix, Hannegan, Hay-
wood, Jenness, Levy, Lewis, Mangum, Penny-
backer, Speight, and Turney—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Berrien, T. Clayton,
J. M. Clayton, Corwm, Crittenden, Davis, Evans,
Fairfield, Jarnagin, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson
of Louisiana, Miller, Niles, Pearce, Phelps, Sim-
mons, Sturgeon, Upham, Webster, Westcott,
and Woodbridge—22.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved a reference to the Com-
mittee on Claims; which was negatived.
Mr. FAIRFIELD renewed his motion for a
reference to a select committee; and the question
being taken, it was decided in the affirmative.
On motion, it was resolved that the committee,
be selected by the Chair; who thereupon appointed
Messrs. Fairfield, J. M. Clayton, Dix, Man-
gum, and Sturgeon", as such committee.
JOINT OCCUPANCY OF OREGON.
Mr. ALLEN,
pursuant to notice, presented the
following joint resolution, which was read
time:
first
