1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
77
silver, and he should like to see how near he had
come to the truth.
" Mr. LEVY assenting, the resolution was thus
modified, and adopted, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the Senate what number of
agents are now employed for the protection of tim-
ber; the amount of salary paid for such service;
the authority of law under which they are em-
ployed; and the fund from which they are paid;
also, the amount of allowances of every descrip-
tion made within the last twenty years in the set-
tlement of the accounts of said agents, or otherwise
connected with this branch of the service; the
number of suits or prosecutions instituted within
the same period for trespassing upon the public
lands; the result of such suits or prosecutions, and
the costs and expense incurred by the United
States "therein, including the amount of damages
paid by the United States within the same period
for illegal interference by the aforesaid agents with
private rights. Also, that he inform the Senate of
the amount of all expenditures on account of live-
oak plantations, and the present condition of said
plantations.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, the several portions
of the President's Message were referred to the
several committees.
On motion of Mr. HAYWOOD, the Senate went
into Executive session; and, after some time spoilt
therein, the Senate adjourned over until Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 18, 1845.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. EDWARD S. DARGTN, of Alabama, ap-
peared, was qualified, and took his seat.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolutions of the General Assembly of Massa-
chusetts, in favor of such amendments to the natu-
ralization laws as will protect the ballot-box from
frauds, which were under debate yesterday. The
motions pending were—
]st. By Mr. LEVIN, that the resolutions be re-
ferred to a select committee, with instructions to
inquire whether any, and what, alterations are re-
quired in the existing naturalization laws.
2d. By Mr. BRODHEAD, that the resolutions
be referred to the standing Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. LEVIN said, that in the heat and hurry of
debate yesterday, he had omitted to notice a re-
mark of the gentleman from Pennsylvania on his
right, [Mr. Krodhead,] who seemed to have mis-
taken a vehemance of manner for menace. Mr.
L. said he had been born in the sunny South : he
was a South Carolinian; he came from that glo-
rious little State, whose citizens were as much
distinguished by magnanimity of heart as by a
constitutional vehemence of manner. This trait
had been manifested yesterday by the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Yancey,] a gentleman who
was accustomed to fling abroad his intellectual
treasures, hanging them like jewels on every-
thing- he touched, and sowing the earth with orient
pearl. Mr. L. could not say the same, of his
colleague; his manner had been cold and frigid
ps the icebergs of the Northern sea; and, while
Jils mind seemed to be on one side of the question,
his reasons had been all on the other. Mr. L.
was no political gladiator: he was actuated in his
public couise by no feeling but love for his coun-
try; he sought no revenges—he indulged no ha-
tred to any; his breast was a stranger to the lust
of vengeance; but the truth must and should be
defended; yet he would defend it by no weapons
such as were used by the pirate or the bravo.
The resolutions which he sought to have refer-
red expressed no desire that our naturalization
laws should be changed, on any charge that they
favored the commission of perjury. They pro-
posed to inquire into the influence of the popula-
tion of Europe, now coming in crowds upon our
shores, upon the institutions of this free Republic,
as well as into the number of those who have come
among us; so that we might be enabled to under-
stand the proportion of foreign population to that
"which was home-born. An acquaintance with the
state of facts on these subjects could not but be
usefUl and important. The revolutions of nations
were too stupendous and startling to be treated
by any reflecting man wall indillciunce. A wise
statesman would ever be found awake to the
changes of his own times. A long period of peace,
whether for consequences good or evil, had pre-
vailed over the world, and in all those consequen-
ces it was our lot to share. Surely we owed it to
ourselves to inquire under what form these conse-
quences were likely to approach us. Did we not
owe it to God, who had given us the fairest inherit-
ance of earth, and placed us in the most elevated
and the most responsible of till conditions, by con-
ferring on us the high system of morals, of reli-
gion, and civil polity?
And here he came to what he considered the
very pith and marrow of the argument. Unlike
the people of Europe, we were self-governed.
While the contrast between our situation and
theirs, in this all-important respect, naturally led
to differences of opinion and to collisions, both
moral and physical, it was a contrast which could
not but afreet both morals and manners—both
habits and opinions; it could not but lead to a
contrast in feelings and sympathies also. Euiope,
with a few trilling exceptions, was under the Gov-
ernment of Kings, who claimed to rule over the
people by a divine right. We governed ourselves.
Such a contract in condition could not fail to even-
tuate, sooner or later, in collision, both moral and
physical. The physical had been seen in our re-
peated wars, the moral in the riots and tumults
which had broken out m our great cities. Tins
collision manifested itself in a frightful manner
when an assembly of our own native-bom citi-
zens was collected in one of the siici is of Phila-
delphia, undo- the of the Coo.Mitution, in the
exeiciso of one of the most precious lights whieh
belong tn fnemun. The follow ess of a ceitain
denuigogue ni Europe (to whom nt< n calling them-
selves American citizens were, from time to time,
sending aid to help him in undeimmmg the Gov-
ernment of their countiy) rushed like timers on
tins peaceful assembly, unarmed as they weie,
save in the panoply of truth—without weapons
save those which the force of icason supplied.
Not so their enemies: they wot well supplied
with physical weapons, imported fiom nbioad.
lie called on gentlemen to contemplate the pecu-
liar traits of this most disgraceful outrage. A com-
pany of native American citizens, assembling at
public notice, in the district where they were born,
to discuss subjects which rightfully pertained to
them, and in which they had a deep and common
interest, were shot down on the avowed plea that
the spot on which they stood was the " Irish quar-
ter," and that no American should be allowed to
sethis foot upon it. Yet, gentlemen who were
so utterly opposed to suffering Englishmen in Ore-
gon, would force upon us Irishmen in Kensington.
Had such an outrage been perpetrated on the deck
of an American ship, what a universal burst of in-
dignation would have been heard from one end of
the Union to the other. How would the national in-
dignation have been poured out like burning lava;
lio'w would vengeance have gleamed in every eye;
how would curses have been muttered by every
tongue, until the united cry of an insulted nation
for redress would have pieiced the very heavens.
And why had nothing of this kind been witness;-
cd? "Why was all this suffered to pass over with
seeming coolness and indifference ? The answer
was easy: we were then on ihe eve of a Presi-
dential election, and this Iiish population was a
marketable commodity. He admitted, indeed,
that the Democrats got it: but he warned them
to beware, lest, like the elephants in the army of
Pyrrhus, instead of trampling down the opposing
force, they should become the instruments of de-
struction to the very men who set them on. This
was not a mere party movement. The insult was
directed against the nation—it was an outrage on
the (Constitution, which invested with sanctity the
primary assemblies of the people held for the dis-
cussion of great public interests: and it address-
ed itself at once to every American heart as an
insult on the American Sag. The nation must
vindicate its own dignity, or consent to wither
under just and universal contempt.
Their opponents charged them with having been
the burners of churches ! He thanked God that
the charge was false, and lhat it was known to be
false by more than fifty thousand witnesses. The
blackened wails of two Roman Catholic churches
might indeed stand as a melancholy monument of
popular fury; but there also stood untouched and^
preserved in perfect safety the Catholic church of
St. Philip de Neri. And who saved it? A body
of Native Americans. Yes, it was a brave com-
pany of native-born American citizens, withThom
as D. Grover at then* head, who periled their lives
in its defence. Native Americans burnt no church-
es; and if the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who
had alluded with so much apparent triumph to the
disgraceful scenes in Philadelphia, wanted to raise
a shout against the profanation of attacking and
burning down the temples of God, Mr. L. was
ready to raise his voice to aid him. In such sacri-
lege the Native American party had neither part
nor lot. They had had nothing to do with it.
They had saved a church at the risk of their lives,
but they had destroyed none. They were neither
bigots nor fanatics. They were not men of one
narrow idea. Intellectual or moral imbecility never
produced an idea so vast as that of giving eternity
to fieedom and preparing an asylum for the world.
That party had waged no war on the rights of
conscience; they blessed God that those rights
were, in this land, sacred and inviolable. Tiiey
bowed with profound reverence to every form of
piety, and would protect alike the votaries of every
erccd. With them, even the frailties of faith
were considered as sacied. They wanted no de-
monstration to satisfy them of the nccc vsitv and
the value of religion. The v well knew that it was
needed alike by the King upon his throne and the
nnser upon his money-bags; by the artisan at his
bench and by the bc™;ar in his penury. They
levcrenced that inborn thirst for immoitality which
followed man m every form of ins beinc, whose
promise sustained him through all the iabovs of
life, and \v hose immortal hopes clustered about tho
i;ravc. Every other dcs. npuon of hnnun mjmy
and human wo was curable and might ifcue its
appropriate remedy, but there was no heebie;-balm
for frauds upon religion. The Nath e Americans
had never sought to fetter the liberty of cons; icnce,
or attempted to destroy the places of woiship
which any sect had consecrated; but they had re-
sisted, an'd they would fo! (v er continue lores;-1?,
any sect which attempted to combine the creed of
a religion with a political object. Let that combi-
nation be attempted by Methodist, by Baptist, by
Presbytotian, by Episcopalian, or by Catholic,
from them it should meet with nothing but tla-
most determined hostility and the most unyielding
resistance. If this was treason, if this was fanati-
cism, let gentlemen make the most of if.
Mr. L. said he had purposely avoided, thus far,
touching on the merits of the question; he reserved
that consideration for a future hour. Meantime he
would say that, from the very first moment of out-
rage and bloodshed to this day, the Native Ameri-
can party had stood oil the sole ground of solf-dc-
fcncc. There it stood, and there, it was prepared
to stand, till the end of time. A review of the
whole question would fling back upon it the rays
of reason and patriotism. In what age or country
had the love of our native land been considered as
other than a virtue ? Among the wise and the good
if rose even to glory. Should we thus common,!
it in the bosoms of others, and then turn about
and condemn and ridicule it in our own? Gentle-
men called them to the exercise of liberality; but
was it illiberal to love America? Was it better to
be liberal to foreign ignorance and crime, than be
true to our own rights, end to the gifts and o Lists
of God? Was it illiberal to ask that the foiei^nci,
who demanded a participation in our pm ilexes,
should dwell long enough among tho-'e who en-
joyed them to enlighten his understanding and fit
him for the blessing he desired ? He knew it w°.s
an easy thing to play the demagogue, and to soo<he
cind Hatter the foreigner, but the times and the cir-
cumstances in which we found ourselves forbade
us to treat with levity a condition so fraught wirji
all the elements of danger. And Mr. L. disclaimr d
and repudiated all libeiality which must be exer-
cised at the sacrifice of the dearest rights of en
American citizen. We were contending for saf< I y
—ay, for existence. Europe could no lon°er con-
tain the teeming millions of her ponulonon—she
must disgorge them at any price. The tide of im-
migration was swelling higher and higher every
hour. Our circumstances were changing, our dan-
gers augmenting, and the past could "no" longer be
looked-to as a test and a rule for our expectations
of the fliture. But our true policy was to model
