78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. IS,
ourselves upon the great laws of nature. If the
heart of the alien was still in his native land—if
Ills regrets, his memories, his associations, and all
his tenderest sympathies still clung' and centered
there, why should we seek to disturb this innate
hias of lu's natuie? Why should we attempt, by
the moral force of an oath of allegiance, to do vio-
lence to tjie bent and tendency of his mind, and
call on him to eradicate the strongest and the deep-
est feelings of his being? Why should he not,
like our own sons, pass through a pupilage of
twenty-one years—a period that we did not es-
teem too long in which to let our own children
acquaint themselves with the principles of our na-
tional freedom5 When, by the gradual effect of
this moral and political education, the man became
gradually freed from the trammels of foreign influ-
ence, then would he be enabled to perceive that
the highest position he could oc upy was that of a
moral agent, exercising and acting upon his own
free choice; but, till then, let us not attempt to
break the holy ties of omnipotent nature.
Air. L. again said that he was thrown here into
an attitude of self-defence. He had purposely
avoided entering on the merits of the subject-
matter of the resolutions to be referred; these
would best be discussed and sot forth in the re-
port of that select committee for which he had
asked. His opponents had not confined them-
selves to the same narrow ground: their remarks
had assumed a wide range: they had taken the
broad ground of the whole question; but neither
Mr. L. nor his inends had attempted to tell why
they asked a change in our naturalization laws, or
whethei they asked such change at all. If the
House should accord to them the courtesy of grant-
ing them a select committee, the kindness would
be duly appreciated; and, in return, they should
not be disposed, at too early a day or too great an
extent, to tax the time and attention of this body.
Many weeks would probably elapse before the
report would be prepared ; nor, when it was ready,
should they insist on forcing it on the House, but
would rather seize some appropriate moment when
it could with the least inconvenience be taken up
and discussed.
Mr. CHASE said that it was not liis desire,
during this session of Congress, to occupy much
of the time of the House in debate. As one of the
youngest members of the House, it might well
become him to listen rather than to speak. When
the question was brought up yesterday, he had no
expectation that he would address the House; but,
as the debate proceeded, he had become interested.
The question assumed, in his view, a higher im-
portance; and he therefore felt called on to say
something on it. With his colleague, he had
thought that the discussion should have been con-
fined strictly to the question of reference; and he
had really been much surprised at the latitude of
debate taken by gentlemen yesterday. He was
also a little amused at the position taken by his
friend from Michigan. He [Mr. Chipman] had
remarked, in the course of his speech yesterday,
that he was sorry that he was born in the State of
Vermont; and it had been stated by some persons
who had heard him upon that occasion—for he
himself was not so fortunate—that he [Mr. Cihp-
m.'.s] also stated that his father and mother were
born m the State of Massachusetts; and that he
was the first-born. That, he (Mr. C.) believed,
was not correct. It was, he believed, intended
merely for a joke. He was not much m favor
of the doctrines advocated by the dominant party
in tiie State of Vermont. He had no sympathy
whatever with that band of abolitionists, who
would, he hoped, be driven ere long into that ob-
scurity which they deserved, by the common action
of bosh Whigs and Democrats m that State. But
he esteemed the State of Vermont for her learning,
patriotism, and bravery. He honored the State
of Vermont for that heroism and courage which
were so eminently displayed on the plains of Ben-
nington and Platisburg. He honored the State of
Vermont on account, also, of the distinguished
members on that floor from that State. And well
might the State of Vermont exclaim, in the lan-
guage of the dying Gesar—Et hi Brute! He said
that, with all respect to the gentleman.
He (fyfr.C.) for one would vote that the resolu-
tions should be referred to the Judiciary Commit-
tee; and for the very good reason that that commit-
tee was, in his opinion, composed of able and intel-
ligent men, who were perfectly capable of discharg-
ing their duty to that House and to the country.
He would vote for that, because it was usual to
address such resolutions to that committee. He
was opposed to the appointment of a select com-
mittee, for this very reason : that that committee
would be selected out of the friends of the resolu-
tions; and because there would be scattered abroad
a report from that committee, sanctioned by the
acts of Congress, which would assail an important
portion of our fellow-citizens, who were deprived
of an opportunity, on that floor, of defending
themselves. On that ground he would oppose any
report which the committee might issue. He was
willing that the House should instruct its commit-
tee in reference to the resolutions of the gentleman
from Massachusetts; and although it was said
that there existed an alliance between the Native
Americans and the Whigs, a disposition to play
into each other's hands—a sort oi coquetry he did
not understand—he was willing to hear, the day
before, the remarks of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, who fathered the matter, and had the
whole under his influence. Well, he had dis-
coursed very eloquently. The House, and those
in the gallery, must have been very highly pleased
with his eloquence; but he (Mr. C.) could not, for
the life of him, come to any oilier conclusion than
that it was one of those beautiful, smooth, stump-
speeches, carefully committed to memory by the
gentleman. Oh, it was eloquent and beautiful;
but, while the gentleman was going on, he had
listened very anxiously for some new argument,
such as might be usefully brought before the com-
mittee. But he heard no other than those ad-
vanced after the defeat of the great Whig party;
and when the master of the Whig party was about
to put forth the doctrines of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania when it was said the Whig party
was about to be disorganized; but there was some
advice given to the Whig party by the gentleman,
who, they were informed on the previous day, had
retired to the shades of private life; and the result
was, that the Wing party changed its tone, as far
as the Native Americans were concerned. But it
was said that the people of Massachusetts coinci-
ded with the gentleman from Pennsylvania. The
custom was, m other days, to follow the lead of a
gentleman in the other wing of the Capitol, and
who, they were informed yesterday, had retired
to private life; but now they prefer to follow the
lead of the gentleman in this House. He (Mr. C.)
confessed that on yesterday he was much sur-
prised by the arguments brought up by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, who told the House, and
through it the country, that the debt talked of as
due foreigners for their defence of this country, was
a fiction. Since his (Mr. C. 's) boyhood, he was
111 the habit of reading that there was a just debt
due to those brave men who left their homes to as-
sist the people of this country to fight. JN ow, they
heard a new doctrine advanced on that floor—that
these men were mercenaries; and that if ever there
was a debt, the balance was long ago discharged.
He could not envy the feelings of a man who en-
tertained such a disposition as that. He supposed
the same arguments might be used in reference to
their revolutionary ancestors, many of whom
drew pay for their services. Some of them had
departed to their silent tombs; but many of the
; survivors were still receiving that pay to which
! they were justly entitled. The question, then, he
I supposed, would be hereafter broug-ht up for the
I purpose of showing that the debt to them is long
| ago discharged, anil that the whole was a mere
mercantile transaction. No; he hoped those doe-
; trines would never be sustained by that House or
; by the country. He would briefly ask the House
who were those who gained in their struggle for
j independence? Many of them were Englishmen—
j' many foreigners from different parts of Europe;
I yet they gallantly joined us, and enabled us to
battle in defence'of our rights. Why, many of
them had been in the service of England when at
war with France; but when they saw the struggle
breaking out, they threw themselves into the ranks
of those who declared to the v, orld that man is
capable of self-government. That grave question
was attracting the attention of all Europe. The peo-
ple of Prance, of England, of Ireland, of Scotland,
of nearly all the civilized world, had come to the
i conclusion that men were capable of self-govern-
, | ment, and were ready to throw off the manacles of
II despotism, in accordance with that great truth.
1' The eyes of all the world were upoa this country—
the eyes of the oppressive and arbitrary govern-
ments of Europe were fixed upon it. The ques-
tion will be asked us from those countries, is man
capable of self-government? and their eyes will be
set upon us to learn what will be our answer—to
learn what we think. And to the question,'' "What
do you think?" what would be the answer if Na-
tive American doctrines were carried out? They .
had heard from the Natives in that House, that
foreigners should be here twenty-one years before
they*were entitled to vote; they were not capable of
self-government at home, and certainly-they were
not Tiere, surrounded by all the institutions of
this country; they must remain here twenty-one
years before they acquired that right^-the right of
governing themselves! What would be the effect
of such a change? Its effect would be to cramp
the energies and discouragc the efforts of our for-
eign citizens; for men could not put forth their
powers without an interest in the Government of
the country. He would vote for the re.fe.renc.e_of
the resolutions to the Committee on the Judici-
ary. ,
Mr. BAYLY obtained the floor; but
Mr. CRIPMAN, to whom the gentleman from
Tennessee had alluded in his speech, entreated him
to yield it for explai tion.
This Mr. B. said he would willingly do, pro-
vided he would not thereby lose the right of the
floor afterwards.
But the CHAIR reminded Mr. B. that, no such
contract could be recognised; and if he yielded the
floor at all he must yield it unconditionally."
Mr. BAYLY then said he could not consent to
comply with the gentleman's request; and Mr.
Chipman, with much apparent reluctance, took
his seat.
Mr. BAYLY then proceeded to observe that he
had not risen with any view of entering into this
debate in the same latitude in which other gentle-
men had indulged themselves, but should confine
his remarks exclusively to the motion of refer-
ence, and to such considerations as naturally gyew
out of the subject-matter of the resolutions to be
referred.
The question of reference embraced the consid-
erations first of convenience, and secondly of jus-
tice. Of convenience, so far as the House might
be said to look to the aid of any of its committees
in deciding upon its duty in reference to matters
before it; and of justice, as far as it sought for an
impartial view of those subjects in the reports of its
committees.
So far as the aid of committees was concerned,
Mr. B. considered it as of very little importance to
which of the proposed committees these resolutions
I were sent; and, as a matter of justice, he was free
! to confess, that before he had looked into the reso-
lutions more closely, he had felt inclined to eon-
cede the request of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, and grant him a select committee.
[Mr. Levin here interposed, to remind Mr. B.
that the question was not now directly oil the refer-
ence, but on the commitment with instructions.]
Mr. B. said he was fully aware of that, and he
had nothing whatever to say. either as to title char-
acter of the subject or of the committee; but be-
fore these resolutions should be committed at all, he
must be allowed to say that he considered them as
amounting to a bold attempt to interfere with the
acknowledged rights of the States. What was the
subject of these resolutions? They referred to
certain frauds committed in elections, and their
professed object was to purify the ballot-box, and
with this view they came to the Genera] Govern-
ment, asking in effect that it would interfere with
the exercise of the right of suffrage within the
States of this Union. Now, Mr. B. insisted that
that was a matter over which this Government pos-
sessed no jurisdiction. This was a Government
of delegated powers, and all power not delegated
to it, was, by the Constitution, expressly reserved
to the States or to the people. There was nothing
in the Constitution which gave the Federal Gov-
ernment any jurisdiction over the matter of suf-
frage. The second section of"the first article of
that instrument declared that " The House of Rep-
' resentatives [of the United States] shall be eoru-
' posed of members chosen every second year by
' the people of the several States, and the 'electors
' in each State shall have the qualiftcations reqni-
' site for electors of the most numerous branch of
' the State Legislature."
This was the only clause which hai reference to
