1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
the exercise of suffrage; and it expressly declared
that right to be in the States, and to be the same
in reference to the choosing a member of the House
as in choosing the members of State Legislatures.
It was a matter with which this General Govern-
ment had nothing to do. The States might admit
to its exercise whom they would, and there was
no power in this- Government to control them.
When, therefore, the Legislature of Massachu-
setts came here and asked Congress to interfere
with this right, in any way, he again pronounced
it to be a bold attempt to usurp an acknowledged
right of the States.
But if all could be done which this Native Amer-
ican party desired should be done—if the term of
probation were extended (as they were said to
wish) to twenty-one years, what would be the
effect? Would it exclude a foreigner during that
term from voting at our elections ? Mr. B. insisted
thai it would not. Naturalization entitled the for-
eigner to certain rights: to the right of protection,
to the right of holding property, and to the right
of pursuing happiness in his own way. Extend-
ing the term of probation to the term of twenty-
one years might, indeed, be virtually declaring to
the foreigner that during that long period he must
be debarred from all these prerogatives, and must
be dependent for so much of them as he needed
exclusively on the comity and hospitality of the
States; so far the change would go, but that was
all it could do ; it could not touch, or in the least
affect, his right of suffrage.
It was very true that most of our State consti-
tutions did confine the right of suffrage to citizens
only, and that men became citizens under the nat-
uralization laws; but it still remained true that the i
States possessed the inherent right of conferring j
the privilege of suffrage on whomsoever they J
pleased. Supposing these Massachusetts resolu- 1
tions to be complied with, and Congress to puss
whatever naturalization laws it pleased : they would
do no more than deprive the foreigner of his right,
to the habeas corpus, his riirht to hold property, and
such other rights as pertained to citizenship; but
they would not take away his right of suffrage,
for that was exclusively under the jurisdiction of
the States, slid the States alone. X-Je understood
that a State convention was soon to be held m
New York, and he would say to these Native
American gentlemen, or at least to so many of
them as came from that State, that such a State
convention would be their proper field of opera-
tion, and not the floor of Congress. There they
might act with effect; here they could not. New
York might make the term of probation for voting
just as long and just as short as to her seemed
gjood : she might admit men to vote after a proba-
tion of tvveh e months, if this would purify the
ballot-box; but no such enactment was within the
competency of the General Government.
Even supposing the constitutions of the States
to remain as they were, he put it to the gentlemen
of legal learning to say what would be the effect
should the term of probation be extended Most
of the State constitutions had been adopted in
reference to the naturalization law as it now stood.
He would submit to them whether a law of Con-
gress, which, in rcspect to those constitutions,
would be an expostfaclo law, (he applied the teim
tigu.'at.ively, for, strictly speaking, an ex post facto
law related only to criminal proceedings,) would
have binding force? J fit, would, then with still
more emphasis might he pronounce these Massa-
chusetts resolutions a bold attempt to induce Con-
gress to alter every State constitution in the Union.
Where did Congress get any such right? Mr. B. ,
had witnessed many such attempts coining from
the North. At the last Congress, an attempt was i
made by a member from Maine to give a constt- J
tution to Florida; and at the present Congress, an i
unblushing attempt had been made by a member
from Massachusetts to dictate to Texas what sort
of a constitution she ought to frame. Congress
had no right to interfere in any such matter. The
Constitution not only did not sanction it—it ex-
pressly prohibited it: it guarantied to every State
a republican Government, and the very first feature
of a republican Government was the right of the
people to amend and to alter their own constitu-
tion without interference from any quarter. If
Congress might interfere and might modify then-
constitution for them, theiis was arepublican form
of Government no longer.
Bad, however, as these isolated attempts at
usurping State power were, they were infinitely
outstripped in enormity by this attempt of Massa-
chusetts to outrage every State constitution in the
Union on the subject of suffrage. Mr. B., how-
ever, should not now go into an elaborate argu-
ment of the subject; but if it should be attempted to
carry this thing out, he should then attempt to
show, by a more extended discussion, that to do
so would be a pure unmitigated act of usurpa-
tion.
He had said that yesterday he had felt disposed,
from an impulse of generosity similar to that which
had actuated the gentlemen from Alabama and
Tennessee, [Messrs. Yancy and Stanton,] to re-
fer these resolutions to a select committee; and he
would do so now were there not an obvious mi-
propriety in it. He had lcferred to the character
of these resolutions mainly with a view to show
that they involved high constitutional questions,
and therefore ought to go to the Committee on the
Judiciary, as having been raised expressly for the
consideration of questions of this character; to that
committee the reference appropriately belonged,
and he could not consent to take a constitutional
subject from the great law committee of the House,
and refer it to a select committee holding particular
opinions.
It was very true that, as a mere matter of cu-
riosity, in order that these Native American gen-
tlemen might show their hands, and let the House
and the country know what it was that they did
really mean, he should be very glad, could he
with propriety, put these resolutions into their
hands. But when constitutional questions of grave
import were immediately involved, he could not
take them from the appropriate committee to in-
dulge any such feeling. Indeed, had he felt any ;
difficulty before, it was now iemo\ed; foi the
ciadeuess of the views whieh these gentlemen had
avowed on the floor would of itself forbid the
confiding such a paper to their care. Let it go to
the Judiciary Committee, and let that committee j
inquire whether the Congress of the United States I
possessed any right to interfere with the subject of
suffrage. Should any such thing be attempted, he j
must m the name of his State utterly protest
agamst it. Congress had no right to touch the !
subject or meddle with it m the slightest degree,
and it ought not for a moment to entertain any
resolution, come from where it might, which even j
looked towards such a usuipation of power. In I
his own State the right of suffrage had been re-
stricted, and many of her citizens had been un-
wisely, as he thought, excluded from its exercise ;
but that was a matter with which Congress had
nothing to do. Every State might regulate the
mode of election within its own limits, might pro-
vide such police to guard the ballot-box as it
deemed proper, and might, without let or interfer-
ence, exercise its jurisdiction over the entire sub-
jeet.
If any frauds had been committed in other re-
spects than as to naturalization, and it was pro-
posed that the foreigner was, on that account, to
be exclueled from the right of'citizenship for twen-
ty-one years, and must be, thrown on the mere
comity and hospitality of our Go\eminent till that
term should expire, Mr. B. should consider such
a proceeding as unwise indeed. 1 ts immediate ef-
fect must be to discourage immigration of the most
valuable kind. It might, not, indeed, deter the
paupers of Europe from coming to this country,
because theirs was a condition which could not
well be worsted; but men of character and stand-
ing and property never would consent to come,
when for twenty-one long years they must remain
disfranchised. He concluded by expressing his
hope that the resolutions would go to the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. BOWLIN said that were it not for the fact
that he represented a community deeply interested
m this question, he should not tiouble the House
with any remaiks upon it; but lie could not sit in
silence and witness an attempt to enable a small
body of men to propagate their sentiments ill np-
posuion to the rights of our adopted citizens, un-
der the implied sanction of Congress. Some of
his friends had expressed great generosity towards
these men, because their number was small; but
he would take the liberty of reminding these friends
of his that there was such a thing as being more
generous than just. This Native American party
had been generated by the corruption of our great
cities: it was a paity actively engaged in fanning
the flames of religious and political persecution,
and, as such, had slender claims on his generosity,
or that of any other man. It sought to give the
sanction of Congress to a system which had car-
ried fire and sword into the hearts and homes of
adopted citizens of this country. It was a party,
active, agitating, and having much to say. And.
who was there here to defend the rights of the
adopted citizen ? This was a mere issue between
two political parties; and would gentlemen give
the sanction of this House to the abuse which one
of them heaped upon the other? Who would raise
his voice in favor of such a proceeding? For one,
he never would. Who were the men who were to
be thus assailed? They were among the noblest,
most upright, and most useful of American citi-
zens. Mr. B. appealed to his friends to withdraw
the implied sanction which, out of mere generosity,
they seemed disposed to give to the assailants. He
repeated it: the party assailing had its birthplace
and its being in thekcorruption of our great cities:
in the pure atmosphere of the country it could not
live. Who had ever heard of a meeting of Native
Americans m a country school-house? Nobody.
What was to be the practical effect of such a re-
port when it came in? Mr. B. would tell gentle-
men; for those who, like himself, lived m the cities
where these men carried on their agitations, knew
the people, and could not be deceived as to their
character or designs. Their support was drawn
from our native-born ciUzens; and their favorite
and leading doctrine was, that foreigners ought to
be excluded from our country, lest, through their
competition, the wages of labor should be reduced.
This was one of tlieir grand arguments, and had
perhaps more effect than any other. The truth
was, that these Native Americans were neither
moie noi less than a wing of the great Whig par-
ty. Now he would ask Ins friends, who were so
j very generous, whether, if it. was the Whigs who
j asked such a committee to get such a report, they
I would be disposed to grant such a request? Yet
| tins, he repeated it, was but a wing of the same
; paity. They had, it was true, a different name
I and asepaiate organization, butno sooner did any
gleat election approach ill the country than, with
military precision, they wheeled mto line, and acted
and voted with their Whig brethren.
There had been one exception. In 1843 they
had in Missouri ventured to bring forward a sepa-
rate candidate; and what was the result? The
| Democrats had crushed both Wings and Natives,
! and m si v weeks the Native flag was down. The
next year another election occurred, and there was
some hocus-pocus under pretext of a compromise,
but, when the tune of action came, they all wheeled
into line again, and succeeded in carrying off two
hundred votes ill St. Louis from the Democratic
party. No sooner did they get such men into
their meshes than they inveigled them into caucus,
and the result invariably was that they ended by
voting the Whig ticket. They were Whigs, and
nothing but Whigs, under a different name. They
had never failed to vote with the Whigs but once,
juid then, as a party, they died in sixty days.
Now, would his friends consent to sow broadcast
through this country a Whis; report, under the
sanction of this Congress? He believed not. Oh,
but it was generous, and the strong could afford to
be magnanimous to the weak. Thus the generos-
ity of his friends grew out of the paucity of the
numbers of these gentlemen; but did they reflect
on the infinite evil which the measures of these
persons were calculated to inflict on the whole body
of our naturalized citizens? If they did, he mus't
consider their generosity as somewhat misplaced.
There was another idea which had been ad-
vanced, and which Mr. B. must resist and repel.
I he gentleman fiom Pennsylvania, who seemed
their leader, [Mr. Levi*,-,] had proudly and tri-
umphantly pointed to that picture [the portrait of
Vv asliington] as the portrait of the man who was
the founder and the living imbodiment of their sen-
timents and principles. Now, Mr. B. very well
knew to what portion of Washington's wiitings
that, gentleman alluded when he made such an as-
sertion, and he pronounced it one of the grossest
and the foulest libels that had ever been attempted
to be cast on the unsullied and the sacred name of
George Washington. TV asliington never had been
a native American in their sense of the term; he
had never breathed their spirit nor acted oil their
principles. He had, indeed, ill his ever-memora-
ble Farewell Address, warned his countrymen on
