mm
80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18.
the subject of u foreign influence," but by that ex-
pression ho certainly did not intend 1o allude to
the influence of those very foreign citizcns whom
he had himself invited to our shores. .No: it was
the influence of foreign systems; Jt was the influ-
ence of tiie hanking system, of the tariff system,
and of this Native American system of exclusive
naturalization laws; it was to influences like these
that he alluded. When Mr. Jefferson said in one
of his lettei s that he could wish the ocean were a
wall of fire, he meant that it might separate us from
the systems of the Old World, such as the bank-
ing system, which enabled a few individuals met
in i\ parlor in one of our Atlantic cities to control
the very vitals of trade. He meant the tariff sys-
tem, which oppressed one-half of the community
for the benefit of the other. This was that for-
eign influence against which he warned his coun-
trymen, and this very nativism itself was part
and portion of the same evil beast. What was
naturalization in England? And how was it to
be attained? Only by a special act of Parlia-
ment. And why? Because their crowdcd island
had scarce room for her inhabitants, and she had
not the same causes fur encouraging immigration
which operated with so much power in this new
and fresh and vast Republic. The whole thing
was a foreign system, adapted to foreign countries,
and not to this country, and it was included m the
memorable warning of Washington.
The gentleman told them that it was far from
being the policy of these Native Americans to
discouiage the immigration of foreigners amongst
us. Such a design it might not be politic to avow;
but what were the inducements the gentleman held
out to influence a respectable foreigner to transfer
his all to the United States? Supposing him to
come here, let the gentleman's system prevail, and
the man's condition would be as good under the
Grand Turk as in this free country. He came here
to have all his political rights taken away, and to
remain a disfranchised man for twenty-one years.
The gentleman well knew the impolicy (not to say
unpopularity) of attempting to shut up the doors
of a land which had millions of acres, yes, mil-
lions of square miles of its fertile soil still un-
settled. The gentleman said, therefore, that his
doctrine was not exclusive. But it was exclusive.
He was on the horns of a dilemma: either he wished
to keep foreigners out, or he did not. If he wished
to keep them out, his policy was detestable, and
never would receive the sanction of the people of
this country. If he did not wish to keep them out,
his policy was as bad or worse; for, while with
one breath he invited them to come, with the next
he took away all their rights. He might choose
whichever horn he liked best. No; the only true
policy of this country was to throw open our
doors to immigration from all the world; and, as
soon as it was practicable, as soon as it could be
done with safety, to allow them to participate with
us in the full enjoyment of liberty. We wanted
population : we had a great valley of thirteen hun-
dred thousand square miles in extent; a valley m
which thirty millions of men would be better off
than ten millions. Could it be the policy of such
a country to retard settlement and heap up obsta-
cles in the way of immigration? Even western
IV) is^ouri was scarcely lia'f way across our territo-
ry, yet we hail few settlers beyond it. Let them
come; let them come from all the earth; we had
space and a welcome for them all.
Gentlemen had frequently talked about shoals
of foreigners being thrown upon our shores by the
despotic Governments of Europe. This was
asramst fact and a^amst common sense. It was
the policy of 110 Government in the world to drive
olF her own citizens. And not only weie there no
fycts to prove it, but facts proved the contrary.
PI ad not the Government of Germany recently
passed an edict excluding American papers from
circulation in that country, and that for the avowed
reason that then* practical influence was to draw
off population from the empire? Yet gentlemen
would have the country believe that it was Ger-
man policy to send us her emigrants, and that she
threw them off as a slough and an incumbrance.
This was only to render foreign population in-
famous among us. But these men were not a
burden anywhere; they were the true lovers of
liberty; they had abandoned their homes, and all
that was dear to them, because of their superior
love to freedom. Their political instincts were
right; they were Democratic at the start, and
hence the violent opposition of certain gentlemen
j against them. Was not this manifest? No op-
position was made to English emigrants or Scotch
emigrants; it was all against the Irish and the
Dutch: against these men the Native American
party and their Whig alies seem to have entered
into a crusade. The English and the Scotch were
very welcome, because their prejudices were, for
the most part, against the American Democratic
party; but the Irish and the Dutch must by all
means be kept out, because they flocked as natu-
rally into the Democratic ranks as rivers sought
the sea.
To the propagation of doctrines like these, and
with such tendencies, Mr. t>. would never vote
the sanction of that House. Let these Massachu-
setts resolutions go to a standing committee. Why
should these have a select committee in preference
to other subjects? If an old soldier came here with
his petition for a pension, and should ask for a
select committee to consider it, he would quickly
be frowned down. Yet here a political sect op-
posed to the best interests of the country had the
modesty to ask for such an honor, and very mo-
destly told the House that otherwise their memo-
rial would be smothered. Mr. B. was no friend
to these modern reformers; we had had quite
enough of them within some years, and he was
heartily sick of them. We had had an Abolition
reform, and a Native reform, and a Temperance
reform; he held them all as bad in their tendency;
they all fanned the flame of discord and animosity,
and had their origin in sources which were against
good morals. He was opposed to the whole sys-
tem, and its propagation should never receive any
facilities by his vote.
Mr. GORDON said that he came from an inland
district in the little State of New York—a district
in which there were no cities to be either great or
small sores on the body politic. [A laugh.] It
had been said that Native Americanism had been
born in cities; and if cities were nothing but great
sores, what must Native Americanism be? [In-
creased laughter.] The party had had an ej>hem-
eral existence in the city atmosphere—it had been
a thing of mushroom growth—it had flourished for
a day and died, but had not been buried at the
grave of its fathers. The district Mr. G. repre-
sented was inhabited largely by naturalized citi-
zens or by their descendants, the most of whom
had come from Scotland or from the Emerald Isle.
Pie lived among them, knew them well, and could
appreciate their character; and, so far as these
Massachusetts resolutions went to reflect on that
character, he felt himself, as their representative,
bound to defend it; and he could with great truth
say that he knew no men more industrious, more
frugal, or calculated to make more wholesome citi-
zens in all this broad Republic.
Mr. ix. knew that there had been frauds and
great frauds perpetrated, especially at the election
of 1840, [a laugh;] but these frauds had been per-
petrated not exclusively or mainly by naturalized
citizens: they were produced by corruption and
bribery, and the corruption fund was not supplied
by naturalized citizens, but by banks and monop-
olists. What side such men were likely to take
m controlling a popular election he left gentlemen
to judge. Pie had yet to learn that our naturalized
citizens had abused the right of franchise. No; it
was not on them that the great corruption fund
operated. He could point gentlemen to an instance
m his own district where a certain Native Ameri-
can had received an election bribe of ten dollars 
the fraud had been proved upon him. and he had
been fined for the offence. Pie did not believe that
the privilege had been as much abused by our
naturalized citizens as by the native born. Mr. G.
expressed his full agreement with the positions I
taken by Mr. Bayly as to the want of constitu- i,
tional right m Congress to touch the State right of ii
franchise, and recapitulated the points of that ai- \\
gument. jj
These Native Americans, if they had their will, H
would extend the term of probation to twenty-one I*
yeais, before any immigrant could become a citi- :j
zen; and whom would such an alteration in the :
law excluder What class of people would it drive II
from our snores? Wot foreign paupers or invalids, !l
tor they would continue to come, make the law I!
wnat you would. It would exclude a higher and
a more valuable class, who came here with their!1
virtues their industry, and their wealth. That ;i
ci?ss of immigrants was daily increasing, and it I1
was his belief iliat,Europe herself was destined to
be pauperized by this very process. But, stretch
their probation to twenty-one years, and men of
this description would never occupy the fair and
fertile prairies of the West. The idea that native-
born Americans, and they alone, were to subdue
and fill this whole continent, seemed to him about
as absurd sui idea as that the red men alone were
entitled to its soil. We might obey the positive
command to increase and multiply as fttst as we
pleased, but a hundred years would not be suffi-
cient, and that including all the foreign aid we
could get, to fill this country as it should be, and
as lie trusted it would yet be filled. He desired to
have these foreign citizens come first to our old
Atlantic States, and, after there acquainting them-
selves with our republican institutions, pass on
westward to Iowa and Texas—to Oregon and Cali-
fornia. Thither they would go; nothing could
stop them; but he wanted tliem first to be educated
as American citizens, and learn how to exercise
and to enjoy the rights of freemen.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, who bad
contended so eloquently for the Native American
interest, seemed to fear that tjhe democracy of our
own country might one day be overthrown by this -
foreign infusion; but that could never be. The
monarchies of Europe were in far greater danger
of being undermined and overthrown Hy the spread
of our principles and the influence of our example.
It was possible that this Government might fall,
but it would never be from such a cause. We
might be destined to go the round so often trod,
becoming more and more democratic, till we be-
came too democratic, and so might become the
prey of a despotism; but the admission of foreign
population would not hasten that result.
The gentleman had spoken much about a col-
lision of opinions leading to physical collision; but
who was it that was so busily and so eloquently
endeavoring to produce a collision of opinion'
What party' was it that was waging this open war
against our naturalized fellow-citizens? Was it
not this busy, talking, agitating, fanatical, pro-
scribing, Native American party? Was it not
they who were setting man against man, all over
the land, and trying to excite our native-born citi-
zens against their naturalized brethren? Their
machinations had already s!ained with indelible
disgrace one of our largest cities: that lasting stain
was all to be attributed to this Native American
party, which was, but is not. Before these gen-
tlemen came to this House, and endeavored to
agitate themselves into importance, they should
wait at least till they had a constituency to repre-
sent and to support them. They were here rep-
resentatives chosen a year ago, by a party now
defunct: they were the representatives of a party
that no longer existed.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania had said
something about the debt of Prance being can-
ceiled. \es, it was, alas, too true our debt to
France had been cancelled; but how? By Prance
herself, in her interference in the matter of Texas.
President Polk had balanced that account; he had
paid our debt, and cancelled the bond.
Our real danger was not from foreign immi-
grants, but from a foreign aUiance; an alliance of'
crowned heads, who might seek to establish on
this continent their much-loved "balance of pow-
er. " He thanked God that we had at our head a
man who had said to the despotism of the Old
World: " Thus far shalt thou come, but no fiir-
ther." And he thanked the foreigners who had
done us the friendly service of elevating to the
highest seat a heroic "Young Hickory,'* who had
dared to say to England, to France, and to all the
world: <£ Let us alone, or take the consequences."
He thought gentlemen might better occupy their
time m looking into the state of the national de-
fences, than in striving to prevent foreign immi-
gration, and in abusing die men who dug our
canals, who made our roads, who worked upon
our fortifications, and who were ready to stand
with us, shoulder to shoulder, and drive back the
millions and the myrmidons of power. This,
surely, was no time to quarrel with them. He
knew the men: there were thousands of them in
his own district; and they stood ready, heart and
hand, to spend their latest breath, and shed the
last drop of their blood, in defence of that adopted
country which had given to them a happy home.
Mr. FARAN asked for the reading of the reso-
lutions. They were read accordingly; when he
