1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8S
discharged from the farther consideration of so
much of the report of the Secretary of War as re-
lates to the organization of the militia; and that
the same be referred to the Committee on the Mi-
litia,
4. That the Committee on Military Affairs be
discharged from the further consideration of so
much of- the report of the Secretary of War as re-
's lates to the mineral lands, as proposes a subsutu-
f tion of some, other bureau to which the manage-
ment of the mineral lauds should be committed,
instead of the Ordnance Department; and that the
same be referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT took the floor,
and was about to address the House, when
Mr. WENTWORTH rose, and said he desired
to make a personal appeal to his friend from New
York, [Mr, Hunt,] to give way, whilst he (Mr.
W.) moved to suspend the rules, for the reception
of notices of bills, resolutions, and bills on their
second reading. He did not wish to interrupt the
deUire, but only to throw business before the com-
mittees whilst die House was talking. He thought
public business would be facilitated thereby, and
no injustice be done to those who wished to speak
upon the pending question,
Mr. HUNT gave way, and the rules were sus-
pended.
Mr. MOULTON presented a resolution and re-
port of the Legislature of the State of New Hamp-
shire on the subject of the trial, conviction, and
imprisonment of Thomas W. Dorr, of Rhode
Island. Laid on the table and ordered to be
printed
NOTICES OF BILLS.
The following notices were given of motions
hereafter to be made for leave to introduce bills,
viz:
By Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL: A bill for an act
to giant an additional section in each township of
the public lands of the United States in aid of
common school*.
By Mr. CAMPBELL, of New York: A bill to .
establish a warehousing system. ■
A bill to regulate and deiine the powers, duties, (
and compensation, of the consuls of the United
States.
By Mr. BRODHEAD : A bill relative to ton-
nage duties, &c., on canal boats.
A bill to provide for the establishment of national
foundries.
By Mr. HUBARD, of Virginia; A bill author-
izing the is«ue of scrip hi exchange for military
land bounty warrants.
By Mr. DROMGOOLE: A bill amendatory of
the act entitled " An act to provide for liquidating
and paying certain claims of the State of Virginia,"
approved the 5th July, 1832.
hy Mr. J. A. BLACK: A bill to regulate the
pay-of the Army, and for other purposes.
By Mr. GENTRY: A bill pToviding for a sur-
vey to ascertain the proper location and cost of
constructing a railroad from Chattanooga to Nash-
ville, in Tennessee.
RESOLUTIONS'.
Mr. DILLINGHAM moved the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire mto the expediency of I
providing by law for removing the place for hold- j
ing the District and Circuit Courts of the United !
States in the State of Vermont, from Rutland and I
Windsor, to Burlington and Chelsea, in said State, j
This resolution was laid over under the rule for j
debate. • i
Mr. SEAMAN moved the following resolution: ;
Resolved, That 5,000 copies of Fremont's report !
be printed for the new members of tills House. j
This resolution was laid over under the rule for I
debate. }
On motion of Mr. HUNT, of New York, j
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be j
directed to inquire into the expediency of making i
an appropriation for the purpose of connecting '
Lakes Ontario and Erie by means of a ship-canal j
around the Falls of Niagara, on one of the routes I
surveyed by Captain Williams, under the author-1
ity of Congress, in. 1835. - |
On motion of Mr. WHEATON, it was
Resolved^ That the Committee on Engrossed
Bills be now appointed.
Mr. SYKES moved the following reso ution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be di-
rected to procure the engraving as soon as possi-
ble of 16,135 copies of the map accompanying the
documents transmitted with the Annual Message
of the President of the United States at this ses-
sion.
This resolution was referred to the Commitiee
on Engraving.
Mr. POLLOCK offered the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on Military A f-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
and propriety of establishing a National Foundry
at or neaj the confluence of the north and west
branches of the Susquehanna river, in Pennsylva-
nia., and report thereon as early as piactkable.
This resolution was laid o\er under the iule for
debate.
Mr. McILVAINE moved a resolution as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That when this Ilouec adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday at twelve o 'cloc k, for the
purpose of enabling members to witness the exhi-
bition by Mr. Taylor of the use of Ins diving-bell
and cut-water, which is to take place at the navy
yard to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
The latter part of the resolution was objected to
by several members, when it was modified by the
mover by striking out all after the words '* of, twelve
o 'clock, in the second line; and, as modified, it was
agreed to.
*" Mr. STROHM moved the following preamble
and resolution:
Whereas, by an art of Congress, approved July
3, 1^27, there was granted to the State of Ohio, m
trust, a quantity of land equal to forty-nine sec-
tions, to aid the Cohmibus and Sandusky Turn-
pike Company in the construction of a road, upon
condition that no toll should be collected on ,iuy
mail stai^e, nor on any troops or property of the
United Suites passing over said road; and whereas
it is represented that said road is now in such
a state of repair that it cannot be travelled: theie-
fore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals be instructed to inquire how the lrust-;';uid
aforesaid has been used and applied by the State
of Ohio; what is the condition as to the repair and
otherwise of the said road; and what causes have,
produced the results before alluded to.
The resolution was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. J. R. 1NGERSOLL, it was
1. Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary to consider and report whether it
would be expedient to relieve the Judges of the
Supreme Court of t lie United Suites from holding
circuit courU; to confer upon the Juchre^ of the
district courts entire cuvuii court jm'sdietion; to
provide for holding two terms annually by the Su-
preme Court; and for reducing, prospectively, the
number of the Judges of that Court.
2. Resolved, Thai it be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary to consider tiic expediency of re-
porting, at an early (lay, a bill for settling the title
to the " Pea Patch Island,"' in the river Lelaware.
On motion of Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON,
Resolved, That the, bill reported to the v27t:i Con-
gress, entitled a bill to exiend the provisions of the
act entitled " An act. supplementarv to the act, for
the relief of certain surviving officers and soldiers
of the Revolution," approved the 7th June, 18.12,
be referred to a select committee. [This is a bill
which grants pensions to old Indian tSgmerx/j
On motion of Mr. LEAKE,
Resolved* That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a post route from Pedlar Mills, in the
county of Amherst, Virginia, by the Buffalo
Springs and White Gap, to the town of Fairfield,
in the country of Rockbridge.
On motion of Mr. REID,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
pealing so much of the second section of the act
passed at thy 2d session of the 27ih Congress, en-
titled "An act for the apportionment of Represen-
4 iatives among the several States according to the
' sixth Ctnsus," as requires the election of members
of Congress to be made by districts.
On motion of Mr. BTGGS,
Resolved, That the Committee ou Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the piopricty of connect-
ing the waters of the Albemaile sound with the
Atlantic ocean, at Nag's Head.
On motion of Mr. GRAHAM,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Itoads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route fromMar.a,
up Crooked creek, to llendersonville, m North
Carolina.
On motion of Air. J. A. BLACIv,
Resalvid, That the Committee on the Militia be
instructed to inquire mm the propi iety of organ-
izing, arming, ami equipping one company m each
remanent of nuhtia of the United States, forming
the same into Suite legions, and to provide lor call-
ing'them into the service of thcUmted States in time
of v. ar ; and that iliey report by hi 11 or otherwise.
Mr. A. D. SiMS moved the followingresolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instiucted to iiujuiie and report as to the expedi-
ency of erecting two light houses, to wit: one on
South Island, on the southern edge of Winyaw
enttanco: and one at Blythe's or Waite's point, at
the confluence of Saropit with Winyaw bay, South
Carolina: and also, as to the expediency of caus-
ing a survey to be made of the bar at Winyaw en-
trance and of the waters of Winyaw bay.
Mr. T-J'\ML*N moved to amend the resolution,
by adding another resolution, viz :
R' That said committee be further directed
fo inquire mto the expediency of erecting a light-
house at Giikey's harbor, Maine.
Mr. SIMS accepted Mr. ]1\mi.ix1s amendment,
and matte it part of his resolution; and, as thus
modified, the resolution was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. LUMPKIN,
RctoUrA, That the Commitiee on Mlitary Affairs
he instructed to inquire imo the expediency of es-
tablishing two nauonal foundries, one in Cass
couu'y, in the State of Chouiiu, and the other m
Not hampfon county, in the Suite of Peimsvl-
f ama.
Ou motion of Mr. STEPHENS,
ResoU'fid, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to report a bill extending
the provisions of the pension act of 3832 to all the
surviving soldiers of the war of the, Revolution
who rendered as much as three months' service
in said war.
On motion of Mr. TFIOMASSON,
Resolved^ That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions inquire into the expediency and proprie-
ty of allowing compensation to disbursing pen-
sion agents; and that they report by bill or other-
wise.
On motion of Mr. GARRETT DAVIS, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy report
to this i louse -\\iuu agents for the inspection,
test, and purchase of Aniciicon woter-rotteu hemp
v ere appointed for the States of Kentucky and
Missouri, re.^peclivc-iy; what has been the annual
cost and expenses of e<ieh ^cy, under specific
heads; also, what quantity of hemp has been an-
nually inspected, what quantity tested, and what
quantity purchaved at each agcncy, also, the value
of the hemp so inspected, tested, and purchased
during- o-ie'n ^e:n\
Mr. TTBBATTS, in pursuance of notice here-
tofore ^iven, obtained leave and introduced a bill
providing a similar compensation for the officers
and soldiers who served in the Indian war pnor to
the treaty of Greenville, in 17^5, as is now au-
thorized W law to he pud to olhecrs and soldiers
of the revolutionary war.
The bill was read twice, and referred to the
Commuiec on Revolutionary Pensions.
Gn motion of Mr. McHENRY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be
instiucted to inquire into the propriety of extend-
ing the pension laws so as to include the surviv-
ing officers and soldiers of the Indian wars.
SUPERINTENDENT OF FOLDING-ROOM.
Mr. GEO. W. JONES submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That hereafter the superintendent and
assistant of the folding-room shall be elccied by
this House.
