m
84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1%
At the same time that Mr. Jones moved the
resolution, ho also moved the previous question.
Mr. HENLEY" rose to a question of order.
Could the, pre.vious quesi^m be moved on a reso-
lution or proposition before it hud been read, or
the question thereon stated to the House?
The CHAIR said it could ; that such had been
the practice for several years past.
Mr. ROBEKT SMITH moved that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table. Negatived.
The previous question was then seconded by a
majority of the members present; and was put,
and passed in the affirmative.
And so the main question, that is, to agree to
tiie resolution, was ordered to be now put.
Mr. PRESTON KING moved that the resolu-
tion do lie on the table, and naked the yeas and
nays on the question. They were refused;
when—
Mr. KING- withdrew his motion.
The yeas and nays on the adoption of the reso-
lution were then called tor, and refused by the
House.
Aud the question was put to agree to the resolu-
tion, and passed in the affirmative.
And so the superintendent and assistant of the
foluing-rooiji are hereafter to be elected by the
House.
Mr. HENLEY moved that the House recon-
sider the vote adopting the resolution; but the
House refused to consider.
Mr. CITLLOM moved the following; resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Mileage be
instructed to inquire what amendment may be
made, if any, in die law allowing' mileage to mem-
bers of Congress and delegates irom Territories,
so as to produce greater uniform!:}-: and also,
what s.nin'j of public money can Le eitectcJ by
such amendment. That they also inquire whether
it lias been the piactiee of members of Congress
and delegates from Territories to ciann and receive
mileage under the existing i.r.v, when the Senate
and House of Representatives or the Senate have
been convened by the proclamation of the Presi-
dent of ihc United fat.trs, so as that such called
session is made to commence at the termination of
a regular session, the said members of Cougiess
and delegates having claimed mileage at the regu-
lar session; and that, if such practice is found to
exist, what change in the law is necessaiy to pre-
vent such practice m future.
This resolution was laid over under the rule, for
debate. j
CHAPLAIN. J
Mr. COCKE moved a resolution that, immc- ;
diately after the expiration of the houf allowed by j
the vote of this morning for the introduction of
resolutions, bills, and notice*, the House would
proceed to the election of a chaplain to Congress,
on its part, for tiie present session. ,
Mr. C. also moved the previous question, so as 1
to cut oft' debate. j
Several members objected to-the terms of the j
resolution, when it underwent several modifica- j
tions; and, finally, on motion of Mr. RATHBUN, 1
it was ordered to he on the. table. !
Mr. GENTRY, in pursuance of notice hereto- j
fore given, asked and obtained leave and intro-
duced a bill to amend an act appioved February ]
24, 184,'i, entitled "An act to amend ail act for the !
relief of George Mayiield," approved July 7, 18-1:2.
The bill was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Load Claims. j
CHAPLAIN, AGAIN. ;
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON moved the follow-
ing resolution: !
Resolved by this House, That the ministers of the
different churches of God bo, and they are hereby,
most respectfully invited and earnestly requested
fo attend every morning and open the proceedings
of Congress with sincere prayer to the Giver of all
good for a continuance of his benedictions upon
this nation; and that it shall be done upon the.
terms as laid down in the Gospel of Jesus Christ,
" without money and without price," except such
amounts as may be voluntarily contributed by the
members of this House individually.
Mr. .T., for the purpose, of avoiding debate, at
the same time moved the previous question.
Before any proceeding was had, the resolution
was, on motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Con-
necticut, laid on the table.
Mr. SAWYER moved the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be, and are hereby, instructed to report'to tins
House as early as practicable, a bill regulating the
appointment o"f clerks, messengers, auditors, &c,,
employed in the Departments of State, Treasury,
War, and Navy, so as to require the said clerits,
&c., to be chosen from the different States, Terri-
tories, and District of Columbia, in proportion to
their representation in Congress, and their term of
office not to exceed eight years, and thereafter to
be ineligible to office under the General Govern-
ment for two years, and to inquire into the pro-
priety of limiting the term of service of all officers
of the civil list.
On motion of Mr. CROZIER,
Uesolved, That the Committee on Commerce be,
and it is hereby, instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of making' an appropriation for the im-
provement of the Tennessee river.
Here the hour, allowed by the vote suspending
the rules, expired; when another motion was made
by Mr. WENT WORTH that the rules be further
suspended until all the States and Territories shall
have been called. This was agreed to by a vote
of two-thirds.
NOTICES OP BILLS.
The following notices of motions for leave here-
after to introduce bills were given, viz:
By Mr. CARTHCART: A bill granting the ,
right of pre-emption to the settlers upon the Miami j This resolution was law! over under the rule, for
Reservation in Indiana. debate.
By Mr. KENNEDY: A bill to attach to the Port . j On motion of Mr. ST. JOHN,
Wayne land district certain tracts of land lying jj Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
within the limits of that district which are not jj requested to inquire into the expenditure of the
now attached to any land district. || appropriation made for the improvement of the
By Mr. ROBERTS: A bill in regard to the rail- jj harbors on the Lakes by the act of Jane 11, 1844;
road leading from Jackson, through Brandon, to jj ]low- much has been expended on each harbor; the
the western boundary of the State of Alabama,
and for other purposes.
By Mr. McCLERNAND: A bill to establish an
armory and foundry at Fort Massaic, on the Ohio
river.
j By Mr. FICKLIN: A bill for the continuation
of the Cumberland road in the States of Ohio, In-
, diana, and Illinois.
[ A bill to grant to the States of Indiana and Illi-
nois certain lands for the improvement of the Wa-
bash river, and to open a communication between
I Lake Erie and the Gulf of Mexico.
i A bill to grant a tract of land to each actual set-
tler thereon, under certain conditions
amount paid to each agent, engineer, and clerk;
the time when eaeh work was actually commenced:
the balance remaining unexpended on the 1st day
of November last: whether any and what agents
arid clerks shall receive compensation, and how
much; and how many topographical or other Gov-
ernment engineers were employed on these harbor
improvements during the last eighteen months.
BLUE BOOK.
Mr. PERRILL moved the following joint reso-
lution:
Resolved Jr-j the Senrde and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress Hi-
lly M r. J AMES U. HUNT: A bill to apply cer- ;! semblei, That, in preparing the Biennial Register,
" published by direction of the .joint resolutions
1 passed on the 27th of April, 1816, and 14ih July,
I 1832, there shall be exhibited, in addition to the
S various items of information now required to be
■ given, the time when each officer, agent, clerk, ca-
! det, and midshipman, was first appointed, and the
i State or country in which he last resided prior
| thereto.
I This joint resolution was read the first and sec-
j ond time, and ordered to be engrossed, and read
j the third time to-morrow.
, tain alternate sections of the public domain to-
' waids the completion of works of internal irn-
l provement in the State of Michigan, and for other
j purposes.
A bill to change the mouc of selecting certain
school lands.
By Mr. CRIPM4N: A bill to divide the State
of Michigan into two United States judicial dis- |
tricts, and for the organization of courts therein. ;j
! A bill to amend the several laws organizing the :i
various courts of the United States, and defining ;
! their jurisdiction, so as to limit that jurisdiction to [j
j cases arising under the Constitution and laws of ij
! the I Jj;" '/d Htates, without distinction arising from ■?
, the residence or character of the parties litigant. I j
By Mr. DARRAGH: A bill authorizing the
TEXAS.
Mr. CrIDDINGS submitted sundry resolutions,
viz:
liesohed. That prior to the adoption of the Fed
ipavlntat of the salary which has accrued to the H each of the several States com
j circuit judge f„r the district of Pennsylvania and H P°sm? J"3 t lHon P°fefse(i exclusive junsdicuo
... , ™sy
! New Jer-'ey to the judges of the district court of
I the United Btatos for the eastern and western dis-
tricts of Pennsylvania, who have been discharging
, the duties of circuit judges since the death of ius-
. Uce Eddv.-in.
! l)y Mr. RATHEUIS : A bill to regulate the cir-
! cv.it and district courts of the northern district of
New Yoik.
j By Mr. CALEB B. SMITH: A bill to provide
j for the Completion of the Cumberland road in the
1 State of Indiana, and the surrender of the same to
j the. State.
over the institution of slavery within its own ter~
rilory, with power to continue or abolish it at
pleasure.
That, by adopting the Federal Constitution, no
portion of the powers aforesaid were delegated to
the Federal Government.
That tiie existence, maintenance, and contin-
uance of slavery, must depend exclusively upon the
power and authority of the States in which it is
situated.
That the Federal Government, possessing no
powers except those delegated by the several
Bv Mr. MoGAUGHEY; A bill to confirm to *i bVa,t-°t 1S elean>'' dcatitute of aU authority to ess-
the iitaie of Indiana certain lands for the construe- - j tal™,sh> support, extend, or perpetuate slavery,
tion of the "Wabash and Erie Canal, and for other '! Tllat a15 a11?111?*3 Executive and of Con-
purposes l gress to associate a foreign slaveholding people in
by Mr. McCLELLAND: A bill for the relief >;       
of Jeremiah Moors, and a bill for the relief of \
Charles McTvenzte. .j
By Mr. DODGE: A bill granting to the Terri- |l
tory or future State of Iowa a quantity of land to ;!
aid in the improvement of the Des Moines river, i!
On motion of MiVHARPKR,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be i
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making ;
an appropriation to improve the navigation of the j
Ohio river above the falls to the city of Pittsburg, j
On motion of Mr. McDOWELL, it was i
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House (if in .
his opinion not incompatible with the public inter- i
est) all the information in his possession touching >
tne forciole seizure by Eritish officers of a vessel <
belonging to American citizens on the eoa*>t of At- i
nca, and a schooner belonging to citizens of the
Got eminent of Liberia.
making and administering the laws of tins nation,
are in palpable violation of the Constitution, de-
structive to the interests and the honor of the free
States, and subversive of those fundamental prin-
ciples on which this Government was founded.
That the admission of Texas into this Union as
a slave State, allowing to each holder of five
Texian slaves a political influence over the in-
terest and the honor of the people of the North-
ern section of the Union equal to four of the citi-
zens of our free States, will constitute an outrage
upon the rights and the honor of those States, on-
equalled til the history of civilized Governments.
That no act of the Federal Government can im-
pose any obligation whatever upon the free States
to unite with Texas upon terms so unequal and
unjust, and so palpably opposed to their constitu-
tional rights, and subversive of tkei* reserved
powers. . -
That a voluntary surrender by the free States
of their interests, their political rights, and their
