--" ;fpm
86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dee. 1%
fore the laud oftiocrs 111 said lrmd district that the |
sixteenth section is unfit for eultivdtiun and worth- -
less. j
On motion of Mr. YELL, it was i
Resolved, That the Secietaiy of the Tieasuiy be i
requested to communiuitt- to this House the amount
due to the State of Arkansas of the two per cent,
fund, if any, and hia reason for withholding the
samp ; and whether said fluid has been withheld
from other States entitled to said fund.
Mr. Y. al&o presented sundry memorials from
the Legislature of the State of Arkansas, the na-
ture of which was not stated. They were referred
to appropriate committees.
Mr. McCLELLAND, on notice heretofore s'iv-
en, obtained leave nnd introduced a bill making an
appropriation for the construction of a ship-canal
around the Fails of St. Mary at the outlet of Lake
Supcuor; u Inch was twice readout! referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. McCLELLAJs D, from the Committee on
Commeice, leported the following resolution :
liesolved, That the Scciet^ry of the Tjcasury be
requested to report to this Hrmse as soon «is pjac-
ticable ihe compensation and emoluments received,
and the. amount of fines, penalties, and forfeitures
retained, by each of the several collectors at the
ports of Boston, Tsew York, Philadelphia, Balti-
more, Charleston, Savannah, and "New Orleans, I
during- the four years ending- the 30th June, 1845. i
The resolution was read and agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, on notice heretofore given, ob- 1
tained leave and introduced a bill to define the j
boundaries of the State of Iowa, and to repeal so i
much of the an of the 3d of March, 164^ ap re- j
hues to the boundaries of said Slate ; which was i
read twne and referred to the Committee on the ;
Territories, ■
NAVIGATION OF ST. JOHN'S RIVCXl—TREATY j
OF WASHINGTON. '
Mr. HAMLIN moved the folio \vir>~ resolution: |
J'esolred, That the President of' the United States
be requested to oohiniinncole to this House copies i
of any correspondence, not in his o; union incom- '
pntible with the public interest, win eh may have I
Taken place between this (.'oveni,v:h and Great !
Britain wilhm the last two years, in relation to the
Washington Treaty, and particularly m rilaiion to
the free navigation of the river St. John and m I
relation to the disputed-tcrritory fund named m j
said treaty; and n bo to conmninieale any inform- *
ation in his possession relating to said disputed- i!
territory fund or the free navigation of the said river
St. John.
This resolution was read and adopted.
to-day, by which was laid on the table the resolu-
tion submitted by Mr. Cocke for the election of a
Chaplain.
Mr. TiltODTTEAD moied that the motion to
reconsider be .postponed until Monday next. This
was negatived.
The motion to reconsider was then carried; and
the question recurred on the adoption of the resolu-
tion .
Mr. BOYD moved to amend by adding, " And
' that the House do also proceed to the election of
' a superintendent of the folding-room, in pursu-
5 anee of a resolution this day adopted."
j The SPEAKER said the amendment was not
in order, as the previous question was pending
! when Mr. Cocke s resolution was formerly before
■ the IL xee.
j Air. OOCIvE (at the suggestion of several mem-
■ bers) further modified his resolution to read as
follows:
j Jtesohed, That immediately after the call for
resolutions from the several States arid Territories
shall have been completed, the House do proceed
to the election of a Chaplain.
The previous question was now seconded, and,
under its operation, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. N0IIR.IS gave notice of a mption for leave
to introduce a bill to repeal the second section of
an act entitled " An act for the apportionment of
' Representatives among the several States, ac-
' cordinjr to the sixth census," approved June 25,
1842.
seats since the 4th of March last, the same number
of copies that have been or may be distributed to
the members who -were elected prior to that time.
This resolution was laid over under the rule, for
debate.
INDEPENDENT TREASURT.
Mr. DROMGOOLE, from the Committee,on
"Ways and Means, ort leave, reported a bill to pro-
vide for the better organization of the treasury,
and for the collection, safekeeping, transfer, and
disbursement of the public revenue; which bill was
read twice, and committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
On motion ofMr. FRIES,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
] and Post Roads inquire into the expediency of es-
■ tablishing a post route from Steubenvifle, Ohio,
! via Knoxville, Mitchell's Salt Works, Moor's
! Salt Works, Craxton, and Salemville, to Kew Lis-
J bon, Ohio.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he
instructed to inquire info the expediency 6f making
an appropriation for the erection of a light-house
at the mouth of Cattaraugus creck, on Lake Erie.
Mr. JOHNSON, of New Hampshire, present-
j ed resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
j New Hampshire in favor of a more extended pub-
! lication and distribution of the Decisions of the
'• Supreme Court of the United States.
Mr. McCLERNAND, on leave, introduced a
Mr. BRODHEAD, on notice given to-day, ob- 1 ■ , , , - , • - , -
  and introduced a bill relative to ton- !! , j10 reduCe ?nd fradua<* ,Prlce of t}le P"bl'«
lands to actual settlers and cultivators.
It was referred to the Committee on the Public:
Lands.
DRAWBACKS ON CANADA WHEAT, &C,
On motion of Mr. P, KING, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of extend-
ing the provisions of an act allowing drawback
' upon foreign merchandise exported irr the original
' packages to Chihuahua and Santa Fe, in Mexico*
•' and to the British North American Provinces ad-
tained leave
na°^, dutirs, arc., 011 canal boats; which was twice
read, and referred to the Committee 011 Com-
merce.
OREGON.
Mr. "WINTHROP submitted the following res-
olutions :
1. fiesohed, That the differences between the
United States and Great Britain, on the subject of
the Oregon Territory, are still a subject for nego-
tiation and compromise, and that satisfactory evi-
dence has not yet been afforded that no compro
APPORTIONMENT
or orneES-
&c.
-ROTATION,
Mr. WOODWORTH moved the following re-
solution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
he and are instructed to report to this House, as
early as practicable, a lull re^ulatins; the appoint-
ment of clerks, messengers, auditors, etc., employ-
ed m the Departments of State, Tieusiuy, War,
Navy, and Post Odiee, so as to require the said
clerks, e:e., to be chosen from the diit'ercnt States,
Teiritories, and District of Columbia, in propor-
tion to their ratio of population by the List census,
and Unit their term of oiilec be, fixed tbr a period
not exceeding four y<ws; and to inquire into the :
propriety of limiting the tcim of service of ail offi- |
cers of the civil hsi T I
Mr. WOODWORTH also moved the previous '
question, so as to preclude debate ; and, under ihe ;
operation of the previous question, the resolution
was adopted. !
On motion of Mr. SEABORN JONES, i
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs j
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of es- j
tablishing a national aimory at Columbus, mCeor- j
gia. . I
O11 motion of Mr. RATHBTJN, the Commit- '
tee 011 the Judiciary was discharged from the con- I
sideration of sundry memorials which had been i!
referred to thateommittee in relation to Texas; and i|
they were laid on the table. j'
CHAPLAIN, AGAIS. j,
A motion was made by Mr. HOUSTON, of j'
Alabama, that the House reconsider the vote of ;
mise which the"United"States'oudit'to'acccpt'can j| 'joining the United States" to wheat and other
be. cUected. p merchandise entered
2. Re solved, That it would be a dishonor to the j
; acce in which we live, and in the lug-best decree j
discreditable to both the nations concerned, if they >
shall suffer themselves to be drawn into a war j
I upon a question of 110 immediate or practical in- |
I tcrest to either of them. j
| 3. Resolved, That if no other mode for the ami- |
cable adjustment of this question remains, it is due |
j to the principles of civilization and Christianity |;
1 that a resort to arbitration should be had; and that j Public .Lands.
this Government cannot relieve itself from all re- '
; sponsibiliiy which may follow the failure to settle
the controversy while this resort is still untried.
| ^ 4. Resolved, That arbitration does not necessa-
rily iiiviilte a reference to crowned heads; and
that, if a jealousy of such a reference is entertained
at interior ports, and export-
ed from ports oti the seaboard.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON introduced two bills, vizr
1. A bill to establish a permanent and prospec-
tive pre-emption system in favor of actual settlers
on the public lands.
2. A bill to cede to the State of Alabama the
public lands within the limits of that State for the
purposes of education.
Thev were referred to the Committee ort the
1 Mr. "Wheatojt and Mr. Kcnxkov were ap-
; pointed of the Joint Committee on Enrolled Bills
; on the part of the House.
1 Messrs. Joseph Johxsox, Roberts, Guides,
! Croeier, and Robekt Smith, were appointed the.
  . , ,, , ,| Select Committee to inquire into the propriety of
sior-ife citV n« a .°-?mr2]sslr>" ab'e and uispas- || extending the revolutionary pension laws to"the
sioi.ate citizens, euiier from the fwo countries con- <> old Indian lighters,"
corned, or from the world at large, offers itself as
an obvious and unobjectionable alternative
t'l   0 . t • 1
Messrs. Owex, J. q, Adams, Jenkins, Marsh,
D. Sims, J. Davis, and Wjlmot, were sp-
rrx, , .  ^ , oims, j. 1/avis. ana
for del v'CS 10118 WC1' 1 m"CT Und6r the rule' i! Pointed the Select Committee on the SmMtfonkm
e. M Bequest and Institution.
adjourned until Monday, at
; resol«-
Mr. DOUGLASS moved the followm
' tions in relation to Oregon:
j X. Hesohed, That the title to any part of the Or- l!
1 e -on Territory south of 54° 40' of north latitude
is not open to compromise so as to surrender any J
jiarf of said territory. ji
2. Rcsohed, That the question of title to that
teirbory should not be left to arbitration. f
Thc.ie resolutions were also laid over under the 'i
rule, for debate. j!
On motion ofMr. CUMMINS. |
Rewired, That the Committee on the Post Office p
and Post Roads oe instructed to ineiuire into the !'
expediency of establishing a post route from ATew !i
Philadelphia, in Tuscarawas countv, Ohio, byway !•
of Rosersville, to Coshocton, in Coshocton couii-
ty, Ohio.
FREJIOKT'S REPORT.
Mr. PERRY moved the following resolution; i
hesohed, That the Clerk of the House cause to f
be printed upon the type now standing a sufficient 1
ndaitionol number of Fremont's report to supply 1
tne iricnilers of the House who have taken their j
And the House
twelve o'clock, M.
,j PETITIONS.
! Petitions, IVHemori&ls, and Remoiistrances v/ere
! referred, under the rule, as follovre*.
' J H. ANDERSON': The petition of Cbari«a S>
, Mattllews and others.
; CHArMAN of Maryland: The petition of th« J&
cat ^representative o i Sidney Day, docea^c-d, pruyiRe for the
, p«\ ment Of certain iOun-e rfice
• . ^Petition of the l^gul representatives of Ihrancia
cert!ric^teCCaSC t0i Ihe ',a-wuc'lif OI" a Oitai-«ettiemertt
^AMTELLE: Hvmm&trmce of 0.
■ and l ,> citizens of Norridjewock, State of Maine. &gamst
: tho admis-sjon of Texui* as? a slave Btate.
: +- ^MonstitUire of Tnincis Allen and 71 citizen* m' Smitlt-
tiud, Pttuo oi Mmiso, for same object,
i>> Mi. 1 HOMP^N of Massachusetts: The petition «f
; legal representatives of Biehard Pioaiiflab «n, «tee*ase<L
' & not*? mtA halwiw.
a &Iav« State.
