"*ir
88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
be made by the Choir; "which motion being also
agieed la,
The CHAIR appointed Mr. "Webstduus chair-
man of the Select Committee.
Mr. BEZN'TON piesented the petition of John
AlcNcal, asking to he allowed arrears of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pension**.
Mr. GftEEXE presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of Rhode Island, recommending: the
distribution by the United Slates among- the States
of the lepons of the decisions of the Supreme
Coiut of the United States; which were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. .lE-NNESS presented similar resolutions
passed by the Legislature of jN"e\v Hampshire;
which were referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. COIlTV IN presented six remonstrances
against the admission of Texas as a kUuc State;
winch were laid on the table.
Mj. PE-NJN VBACKEK presented the petition
of J. F. Caldwell, praying indemnity for lo.^s .sus-
tained by liim in consequence of the alteration of
hi5* contract for carrying the mail; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on (he Post Oiiiee and Po.st
.Roads.
Mr. EVANS introduced, on leave, a bill for the
relief of Joseph Aloirison; ^hich "was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
ADMISSION OF TEXAS.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported the joint resolution from the
House of Representatives for the admission of
Texas into the Union, without amendment, with
a recommendation of its passage.
Mr. ASHLEY said he was further instructed to
iiune that the Senate proceed to the immediate
consideration of the resolution.
, The motion having been agreed to,
The fSenate proceeded, a.s in committee of the
whole, to the consideration of the resolution; and
no amendment ha\ing been offered, the resolution
was reported to the Senate without amendment.
The question being on the third reading of the
resolution:
Mr. WEBSTER rose and addressed the Senate
as follows: I am quite aware, Mr. President, that
this resolution will pass, it has passed the other
House of Congress by a large majority, and it. is
quite well known that there is a decided majority
in this Hou;<e also in favor of its passage. Th<.re,
are members of this body, sir, who opposed the.
measures which ea,me hfiore Congress at its last
session for the annexation of Texas, uho, never-
theless, will very probably feel themselves now, in
consequence of the resolutions of last session, mid
in consequence (it' the proceedings oj Texas upon
those resolutions, bound to vote lor her admission
into the Union. 1 do not mtw)d,Mr. PieMdeni,
to argue cither of the. questions which were dis-
cus,scd here nt the iaat session of Congress, and
which have been so much discussed throughout
the counhy within the last three yea)-s. Mr. Pre-
sident, there is no citizcn of this country who was
more kindly disposed towards the people of Texas
than myself, from the time they achieved, in so very
extraordinary a manner, their independence from
the Mexican Government. I have shown, I hope,
in another place, and shall show in nil situations,
j-md under all eiicumstnnces, a just and proper re-
gard for the people of that country; but, with re-
soect to its annexation to this Union, it is well
known that, from the first announcement of any
such id«a, I have felt if my duty steadily, uni-
formly, and zealously to oppose it. I have ex- j
pressed opinions and uraed argument^- against it :
everywhere, and on all occasions on which the sub-
let came under consideration. I could not now,
if I were to go over the v, hole topic ogain, adduce
any new vk ws or support old views, as far as I ;*m
awn re, by any new arguments or illustrations. My
efforts have been constant and unwearied ; but, like
those of others, they have failed of success. I will
therefore, sir, in very few words, acting under the
unanimous rc.-iolution and hr-tvurrionM of both
branches of the Legislature oj' Aln^smhus-ftls, as
well as in conformity to toy own nettled judgment
and full conviction, recapitulate before the Senate
and before the community, the objections which
have prevailed, and must always prevail, with me
against this measure of annexanon._ In the first,
place, I have, on the deepest reflection, long ago
come to the conclusion, that it was of very danger-
ous tendency and doubtful consequences to enlarge
the buundaiies of this Government, or the territo-
ries over which our laws are now established.
There must be some limit to the extent of our ter-
ritory, if we would make our institutions perma-
nent. And in this permanency lives the great sub-
ject of all ray political efforts, the paramount ob-
ject of my political regard. The Government is
very likely to be endangered, in my opinion, by a
further enlargement of its already vast territorial
surface.
In the next place, I have always wished that
this country should exhibit to the nations of the
earth the example of a great, rich, and powerful
Republic, which is not possessed by a spirit of
aggrandizement. It is an example, I think, due
from us to the world, in favor of the character of
republican government.
In the next place, sir, I have to say, that while
I hold, with as much integrity, I trust, and faith-
ful ness, as any citizen of this country, to all the
oiitjiiial uriimgcmcnts mid compromises in which
the Constitution under which wc now live was
adopted, 1 never could, and never can, persuade
myself to be in favor of the admission of other
.Slates into the Union 11s slave States, with the in-
equalities which were allowed and accorded to the
slaveholding Stales then in existence by the Con-
stitution. 1 do not think that the free States ever
expected, or could expect., that they would be
called 011 to admit further slave States having the
ad\anlai;e.s, the unequal advantages, arising to
them from the mode of apportioning representation
under the existing Constitution.
Sir, I have never made an effort, and never pro-
pose to make an effort; I have never countenanced
an effort, and never mean to countenance an effort,
to disturb the arrangements as originally made, by
which the various States came into the Union ; but
1 cannot avoid considering it quite a different ques-
tion, when a proposition is made to admit new
Slates, and that they be allowed to come in with
the same advantages and inequalities which existed
111 regard to the old. It may be said that, accord-
ing to the provisions of the Constitution, new
States are to be admitted upon the same footing
as the old States. It may be so; but it does not
follow at all from that provision that every territo-
ry or portion of country may at pleasure establish
slavery, and then say we will become a portion of
the. Union, and will bring with us the principles
which we have thus adopted, and must be received
011 the same footing as llie old States. It will al-
ways be a question whether the other States have
not a right (and I think they have the clearest
ri<;l)t) to require that the State coming into the
Union should come in upon an equality; and if
the existence of slavery be an impediment to
coming in on an equality, then the State proposing
to conic 111 should he required to remove that ine-
quality by abolishing slavery, or take the alterna-
tive of being excluded. Now, I do suppose that
I should be very safe m saying that if a proposition
were made to introduce from the North or the
Northwest territories into this Union, under cir-
cumstances which would give them an equivalent
to that enjoyed by slave Suites—advantage and in-
equality, that is to say, over the South, such as this
admission gives to the South over the North—I take
it for granted that there is not a gentleman in this
body from a slnveholding State that would listen
for one moment to such a proposition. I therefore
put my opposition, as well as on other grounds, on
the political ground that it deranges the balance of
the Constitution and erf ate« inequality and unjust
advantages against the North, and in favor of'the
Mavehohlmg country of the South. I repeat, that
if a proposition were now made for annexations
from the North, and lhat proposition contained
such a prefaxnee—such a manifest inequality as
thai now before us, 110 one could liope that any
gentleman from the Southern Suites would hearken
to it for a moment.
It is not a subject that I mean to discuss at large.
) am quite aware that there are in this chamber
gentlemen representing free States, gentlemen from
the North and East, who have manifested a dispo-
sition to add Texas to the Union as a slave State,
with the common inequality belonging to slave
States. Tins is a matter for their own discretion
and judgment, and responsibility; they are in no
way responsible to me for the exercise of the du-
ties assigned them here; but I must say that I can-
not but think that the time will come when they
will very much doubt both the propriety and the
justice of the present proceeding. I cannot ,but
think that the time will come when all will be con-
vinced that there is no reason, political or moral,
for increasing the circle of the States, increasing,
at the same time, the obvious inequality which
does exist in the representation of the people in
Congress, by extending slavery and slave repre-
sentation.
On looking at the proposition further, I find that
it imposes restraints upon the Legislature of the
State, as to the manner in which it shall proceed
(in case of a desire to proceed at all) in order to
the abolition of slavery. X have perused that part
of the constitution of Texas, and, if I understand it,
the Legislature is restrained from abolishing slave-
ry at any time, except on two conditions; one, the
consent of every master; and the other, the pay-
ment of compensation. Now, I think that a c.011-
slitution thus formed does tie up the hands of the
Legislature, effectually, against any movement,
under any state of circumstances, with a view to
abolish slavery; because, if anything is to be done,
it must be done within the State by general law,
and such a thing as the consent of every master
cannot be obtained; though I do not say that there
may not be an inherent power in the people of
Texas to alter the constitution, if they should be
inclined to relieve themselves hereafter from the
restraint under which they labor. But X speak of
the constitution now presented to us.
Mr. President, I was not in the councils of the
United States at the last session of Congress, and
of course I had no opportunity to take part in the
debates upon this question; nor have I before been
called upon to discharge a public, trust in regard
to it. I certainly did, as a piivttie citizen, entertain
a strong feeling that,if Texas were to be brought
into the Union.at all* she was-to be'-b«mght iney
diplomatic arrangement, sanctioned, by treaty; but
it has been decided otherwise by Both Houses of
Congress: and, whatever my Own opinions may
be, I know that many who coincided with me feel
themselves, nevertheless, bound by the decision of
all branches of the Government. My own opin-
ion and judgment have not been at all shaken by
anything I have heard. And now, not having
been a member of the Government, and having ot
course taken no official part in the measure, and
as it has now come to be completed, I have be-
lieved that I should but discharge my own duty
and fulfil the expectations of those who placed me
here, by giving this expression of their most de-
cided, unequivocal, and entirely unanimous dissent
and protest; and stating, as 1 have now stated, the
reasons which have impelled me to withhold my
vote.
I agree with the unanimous opinion of the
Legislature of Massachusetts; I agree with the
groat mass of her people; I re-affirm what I have
said and written in the last eight years, at various
times, against this annexation. J here record my
own dissent and opposition; and I here express!
and place on record, also, the dissent and protest
of the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. SEVIER moved that when the question is
taken, it be token by yeas and nays.
Mr. BEIIRIEN then addressed the Senate as
follows:
Mr. President: Before the vote is taken, I de-
sire to make a few remarks in relation to this sub-
ject. When the joint resolution on , which the
Senate acted at the last session was under con-
sideration, I expressed my opinions upon the
question of the annexation of Texas to this Union,
both as it related to the measure itself, and to the
mode by which it was to be accomplished. While
this subject was open and unencumbered by previ-
ous legislation, these were questions upon which
each member of this body had not only the right,
but was under the obligation to exercise his own
conscientious judgment.
With reference to the mode by which it was
proposed to accomplish the measure, my judgment
led me to the conviction, very clearly entertained,
that it was not authorized by the Constitution of
the United States. This conviction I stated to the
Senate, and presented in some detail the grounds
on which it rested. It was the-pleasure of the
Senate and of the other brariA of the National
Legislature to pass the resolution by the requisite
majority, and it received the approbation of the
President of the United States. It is presented to
us now, therefore, as a law of the United States—
