1845.
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
as a law passed in the mode prescribed by the
Constitution, and by those who, under that in-
strument, are intrusted with the power of legisla-
tion. Whatever, then, may have been the opin-
ion which I entertained as to the constitutional
power of Congress over this subject, in the mode
m^which that power-was exercised, and however
unchanged that opinion may be; yet, as I am now
called on to act under a resolution which, accord-
ing to the provisions of the Constitution, is the
existing law of the land, I do not feel myself at
liberty-to set up my private judgment, either as
an individual or as a legislator, against a measure
which has in this mode received the sanction pro-
vided for by the Constitution.
On the question of expediency, I have but a brief
remark to make. I said, at the last session, what
I am now prepared to realize, that on a subject of
mere expediency the wishes of my constituents
are my wishes, and, when ascertained, shall be
the rule of my conduct. On this subject 1 believe
there can be no question, that while a portion of
the people of Georgia were opposed to the annexa-
tion of Texas by a joint resolution, on the ground
of a want of constitutional power, and many of
them because of its inexpediency, yet there was
another portion who were decided advocates of
the measure. My present impression is, that
those who were originally opposed—believing, as
I do, that the faith of the United States is pledged
by an act which has received the sanction of all
the branches of the Government—are anxious that
this question, which has so much agitated the pub-
lic councils and disturbed the public mind, should
be put at rest, and', consequently, tbey too desire
that this resolution should now be passed.
I am then in this position. There is before me
an act of this Legislature pledging the faith of the
United States to the people of Texas, that, on their
compliance with certain conditions specified m the
resolution presented to them, they shall be admit-
ted as a State of this Union. "Whatever consider-
ations may be opposed to my acquiescence in this
measure, whatever differences of opinion may be
entertained, tiicy seem to me to be overruled by the
tact that the public faith of this Government has
been pledged to that people by those to whom the ;
Constitution has entrusted the power of legisia- i
tion.
One other remark. It is perfectly competent to
the Senator from Massachusetts to discuss the
question of the annexation of a State where slave-
ry prevails, and to urge his objection to the meas-
ure as one calculated to disturb the political bal-
ance contemplated by the Constitution between the
several States of this Union; but, apart from the
consideration that I do not anticipate such a result,
it cannot be expected from me, representing as I
do one of those States where this institution pre-
vails, that I should be influenced by those objec-
tions which are urged by that Senator.
I will repeat. The pledge of this Government
ha^ been given, and it must be redeemed. The
only question, therefore, is, whether the people of
Texas have complied with the conditions specified
in the joint resolution? Now, sir, I have-given a
somewhat attentive consideration to the constitu- !
tion which they have adopted, and am of opinion j
that these conditions have been complied with. I ;
see nothing in the provisions of that constitution J
on the subject of slavery which ought to prohibit j
the consummation of the measure as promised in the ;
resolutions of the last Congress. Much to which !
the Senator from Massachusetts refers, the inhibi- J
tion to the Legislature, except on certain conditions, j
to pass laws of emancipation, it seems to me is i
somewhat beyond the province of Congress to cn- \
tertain. It is perfectly open, as I have before said, :
to any Senator to question the propriety of the ad-  
mission of Texas, on the ground of its tendency to ,
disturb the political balances between the States,
contemplated by the Constitution; but the question 1
of emancipation, when, how, and under what cir- j
cumstanees to be allowed, it would appear to me /
should be left with her own Legislature, as a sub- !;
ject for domestic regulation, belonging exclusively
to the State, and with which the Congress of the i
United States has no authority, either directly or
indirectly, to interfere. These are my views, and
under the conviction to which they lead me I shall
give my vote.
Mr. NILES then addressed the Senate. He
rose merely to offer a few remarks explanatory of
the reasons which had induced him to vote for the
resolutions. Be had proposed to present the reso-
lutions adopted by the Legislatuie of his Stale,
and to have taken that opportunity to submit a
ffew remarks. But he had not the resolutions with
him, and, as they would be printed, they would
sufficiently show the sentiments of the body in
which they emanated. It was not his intention to
make any issue with his own State on the ques-
tion involved. With regard to the doctrine of in-
structions, he maintained that, to be binding—to
possess any moral obligation—instructions must
assume a distinct, a definite form. The Legisla-
ture of his State had simply expressed its opinion
on the question, and left him, in the same spirit,
freedom and toleration to exercise his own judg-
ment. That judgment he would exercise. He
did not view the subject in any sectional or party
aspect. lie regarded it in its broad and compre-
hensive character—not as affecting* a party—not
as affecting any particular interests—not as affect-
ing the balance of power, favorably or unfavor-
ably—but as affecting the general welfare of the
Republic, and the great cause of human liberty.
It was, indeed, a gieat national question; it was
one, in his humble opinion, most intimately con-
nected with, and likely to affect, at sonic distant
day, the perpetuity and progress of the Republic.
In his own State it was viewed by many in that
broad light. It was not, then, a mere party ques-
tion. Many of those politically opposed to him
were in favor of the measure. Nor was it a mea-
sure unfavorably affecting his constituency. On
the contrary, if any sections of the country were
to be peculiarly benefited by the measure, those
interests located on the eastern shoies would be
specially benefited. The miners of the manu-
facturing and commercial classcs would be mate-
i rially promoted by it. Still lie had eutHitamcd
I very serious objections to the form of the resolu-
1 tions; and he, and a few who thought with him,
[ had endeavored to give to the resolutions a more
; acceptable form. In his opinion it was right and
i just, it was wise and sound policy m the admis-
( sion of new States, to carry out a spirit of mutual
; compromise to the furthest possible extent. That
! was the true basis of representation in Congiess.
j The Government had been organized in that spirit.
; And now the peculiar circumstances and condition
of the country required, on (he part of all, saga-
cious statesmanship and a rigid adherence to that
just and salutary principle. He was actuated by
these views when he introduced, last session, his ;
resolutions providing that the admission of Texas
should be under certain restrictions looking to this
end. He had believed that a territorial line should
be drawn separating the free portion of the coun-
try from that in which slavery should be permit-
ted. This he had thought was but just to the free
| States of tliis Union. He had been disposed to
; go still further, for the purpose of uniting public
; opinion throughout the country. His efforts,
; however, had been unsuccessful. Texas had
! been admitted by the resolution from the House
i as a slave State. Having done all he could to
- prevent this, he had now no alternative but to
: vote for or against the resolution. He had deter-
! mined to vote in the affirmative. He did not regiet
j the passage of the resolution, although he did re-
| grot that the mode by which the object had been
accomplished had not been as acceptable as he had
desired. He then proceeded to meet the objection ;
raised in some quarters, to the effect that an ex- j
tension of the territorial limits of the Republic i
was not desirable. He had no apprehension on !
that score; on the contrary, he had seen with j
pleasure and pride the extension of the bounda- I
ries of the country. The principle of territorial ■
extension was one that lay at the very foundation
of the Government. !
When the confederacy was first formed, the
wise men who were at the head of affairs did not i
contemplate that this Union was to be limited to '
its then boundaries. They looked forward to an |
enlargement of those boundaries. They made :
provision for the introduction of new States into '
the Union. From that day to the present it had ;j
been the policy of the Government to extend our >;
territorial possessions; yet never had the national j'
councils been strongly influenced by a grasping 1
spirit of aggrandizement. Whatever might have ;
been said on the other side of the Senate on that ;
point, there has been nothing in the history of the :
action of the United States Government to justify j;
the accusation that we have been actuated by a j|
feverish anxiety to possess more territory._ -But,
' as occasions had been offered, as opportunities had
i presented themselves of extending our territorial
< limits by the acquisition of additional possessions,
I we had not hesitated to use and embrace them.
That had been, thus far, the policy of the Gov-
ernment; and he hoped it might continue to be so.
He had found no evil, but many advantages^
arising from the pursuance of such a course of
policy. It had been in consequence of such a
policy that the United States at that moment pre-
sented on the map of the world such an imposing
aspect in point of territorial possession and intei-
iul resources. Was there any danger to be ap-
j prehended from such a policy? Was there any-
| thing m it that threatened the stability of the
] Union ? He thought he might say no. It had
! been quite evident that, instead of being weakened
i or impaired, the Union had been strengthened by
! its enlargement. The structure and nature of the
i Government were happily such that the more ex-
! tensive were the territorial limits of the nation
i the stronger did the Union become. If imperfee-
| tion exists in any one section, the smaller that sec-
; tion is in comparison with the whole, the less ob-
! viously is the danger of any mischicf—the le.-s
the danger of general disturbance. He did not
propose to dwell long on the subject; but there
was one argument in favor of the annexation of
Texas which had had great weight on ins mind,
and which, in his judgment, had not received per-
haps that general attention which its value de-
served. It was this; the danger likely to arise
from the existence on our borders of an indepen-
dent State with institutions similar to ours; with
the same h-nguage; with the same gcneial princi-
ples of ficedom, With the same religion; with the
same civilization, and settled by our own citizens.
Such a State might form the nucleus of serious
opposition, if it were not incorporated inio our
confederacy so as to form a part of ourselves.
Entertaining these views, and believing there was
no danger to be apprehended from any extension
of our territories—but that, on the contiary, the
security of the country would certainly be pro-
moted by embracing within its limits new Stales
and terntoiits peopled by oui own citizens, he did
not hesitate to vote for the resolutions, in this
course it was his conviction that he was scouring
the interests of the country and of his constitu-
ents.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said, in substance, as
follows:
I shall vote against these resolutions, and I desire
to assign, very briefly, the reasons for that vote.
I shall occupy a short time only of the Senate,
because I have not the disposition to prolong the
discussion, and, if I had, 1 have not the physical
ability to indulge it. These resolutions will pass;
but I wish not only to protest, m behalf of the Com-
monwealth which I represent, and to record ray
vote against their passage, but to state why I shall
do it.
My colleague, who has just taken his seat, has
alluded to certain resolutions of the Legislature of
Connecticut, passed at its session of May, 184a,
strongly disapproving of the preliminary measures
adopted by Congress, at its last session, for the
admission of Texas, and condemning in the most
decided terms his vote in favor of them. My col-
league says that he does not intend to make any
issue with the Legislature, but he is not aware that
his vote was in opposition to the known will of the
people of the Slate. In my opinion those resolu-
tions do speak the sentiments and feelings of
a very large portion of tlnu people; ami of this 1
think there is the highest evidence. Previous to
the passage of the resolutions of the last Congress,
the citizens of Connecticut had made known"their
views, in various ways, upon the subject of tne
admission of a foreign State into the Union. They
were almost unanimously opposed to it. After
those resolutions had received the sanction of Con-
gress, the annual election was held in the Siate,
and the members of the Legislature which adopted
the resolutions referred to by my colleague wc-ve
chosen. It was that Legislature which passed
them, after deliberation and full consideration, and,
in the form of a legislative act, repeated the views
and wishes of that Commonwealth, and in lan^ui«-  
plain and unequivocal denounced the resolutions 7jf
the last Congress, and pointedly condemned my
colleague for his vote in their lavor. In this act
of the Legislature the sentiments of the great imus
