1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
interests of the State, that the Legislature should
authorize emancipation, still the Suite would be
powerless to act on this subject. In short, for
all practical purposes connected with emancipa-
tion, the State lias deprived itself of the power
of acting, and the owneis of slaves are the sole
judges whether slavery is to continue, or whether
it may be abolished. This is not in accordance
with the general feeling throughout the country.
It is, in its nature, opposed to the genius and spirit
of our institutions. It is a new principle introduced
into and made a part of the organic law of a State,
and which, until recently, was not recognised, and
which ought not to be tolerated, because it is not
only novel, but dangerous and anti-republican. The
Stale is shorn by it of important and, as the case
may be, of necessary powers, and the institution
of slavery made perpetual, it may be, in opposition
both to its wishes and its interests. I have, on
more than one occasion, m my place here,declared
that no one will go further than I will to sustain
the guaranties and compromises of the Constitu-
tion as they now exist. And I speak not for my-
self only, but for the Commonwealth T represent.
But neither I nor her citizens are bound to go be-
yond them ; and further inr elation to this subject
they will not go. In connexion with what I have
already said, it will not escape the notice of the
Senate that the same lestiiction as to emancipation
which is imposed on the Legislature, in respect to
the slaves of those who are now citizens of Texas,
applies to slaves who are the bonafule property"
of emigrants to the State. The language of this
provision is somewhat peculiar. I will not say,
for I do not know, tliat there was any attempt to
use language which might be considered of doubt-
ful interpretation ; but it is quite manifest, that the
phraseology, viewing it most favorably, is equivo-
cal : " The Legislature shall have no power fo pre-
' vent emigrants to this State from bunging with
' them such persons as are deemed slaves by the
' laws of any of the United States, so long as any
4 person of the same ngo or description shall be
i continued iu slavery by the laws of this State:
4 provided that such sknc be the bona fide properly
' of such enugiants. *'
" Emigrants to this State," is the expression.
Who are emigrants? Arc they citizens of the
United States only? Or are they foreigners also?
If a planter removes from Cuba to Texas, is he
not an immigrant into Texas? And if his slaim are
bona fide his, and would be deemed slaves by the
laws of any of the United States, and persons of
the same age and description are continued in
slavery by the laws of Texas, would the Legisla-
ture have power to prevent such immigration? If
not, then the clause ought not to receive the sanc-
tion of Congress, because in such case it would
justify the importation of slaves from a foreign
country. If, however, there was no intention'to
admit slaves from other nations into Texas, it is
evident their immigration from other States is not
only encouraged but practically guarantied. It
was not "enough, in the view of the convention, to
prevent emancipation, by a law of the State, of the
slaves of their own citizens, but of all such who
might come with their owners from other States.
I cannot vote for the admission of a State into the
Union whose constitution thus curtails what hns
been claimed to bo, and what, it hns been insisted,
is (he legitimate authority of the State, acting by
its Legislature. The same spirit of inhibition to
the action of the Legislature is manifested in
another part of the constitution. In the first sec-
tion of the Bill of Rights, article I, it is declared
that the people "have at all times the unalienable
' right to alter, reform, or abolish their form of gov-
s eminent, in such manner as they may think ex-
pedientand in the 22d section of the same
article it is provided that "to guard against trnns-
4 gressions of-the high powers herein delegated, we
' declare that everything in this 'Bill of Rights'
4 is excepted out of the general powers of the Gov-
{ crnment, and shall forever remain inviolate; nnd
'all laws contrary thereto shall be void." This
protision excludes the Legislature from exerting
any power to prevent the people from changing
their form of Government.- and this Congress, by
receiving Texas into the Union with such a con-
stitutional provision, would seem, by implication
at least, to acknowledge her right to change her
form of Government. " in such manner as" she
" may think expedient/'
It may be true that such provisions are to be
found in the constitutions of some of the States?
(although I have not examined ihcm with this ob-
ject,) mode while they were independent States,
and it is possible they may have been introduced
into some which have been framed since, but after
their admission into the Union; but it is certainly
novel that a State, about to conic into the Union,
should make it a part of hei fundamental law that
the people may change their foim of Government
and make it what they please, (a monarchy, for
example.) and that Congress should be asked to
receive such a State, with a constitution containing
such a clause, as a constitution securing a republi-
can form of Government. It would seem that the
convention of Texas intended to reserve, not the
power, in a revolutionary spirit, to secede fiom the
Union, if she could succeed in effecting it, after
changing her form of Government, but to ha\o it
constitutional! y, or at least with the implied assent
of Congress, whenever she should deem some other
form than a republican form of Government most
expedient for her people. I refer to tins part ot
the constitnlion, however, not to insist upon it as
a ground of objection—for I think, notwithstanding
tins clause, Compress would have the power, and it
would be its duty, to hold Texas to her constitu-
tional duties, as a member of this Union, with a
republican form of Government—but to exhibit the
very unusual restrictions imposed upon the Legis-
lature of Texas.
1 shall vote against these resolutions for another
reason, and one which has already been suggested
in this debate. I consider the admission of Tex.w
upon the terms nnd conditions spc-fied in the
act of March, lH4f>, ,-is producing an unjust and
unreasonable inequahlv in the ^presentation ot
the free and of the slave Slates. It introduces
a. foreign nation into our Union with all the priv-
ileges of the slave States, under our present Con-
stitution, as to representation in the TToi^e of
Hepiesenfafives, giving hei a <\< cided advanlage,
in respect to political power, over tin* free Sta'es.
I The Constitution does not require this surrender,
i on the part of the free Ktnte^, of another por'ion
of their just power in the councils of the nation.
No principle of justice or honor requires it; and,
representing «« I do one of those States, I can
never consent to such a surrender. While the
people of Connecticut will rally around and sup-
port the Constitution as it is, with all its compro-
mises and guaranties, they will do no act, nor
would they justify one in doing an act as their
representative, which would make this represen-
tative inequality greater and greater, by the intro-
duction successively of four more slave States, to
be carved out of the State of Texas. But I will
not enlarge upon this topic. It has already been
exhau-sted. This objection, in my judgment, is
insurmountable, and would of itself be sufficient
to require of me to oppose these resolutions.
I shall vote against these resolutions, designed
to consummate the armcAiifion of Texas to the
Union, not only because her constitution inhibits
the Legislature (for all practical purposes) from
abolishing slavery in the, State, but it extends the
prohibition to that part of Texas north of thirty-
six decrees thirty minutes north latitude, known
as the Missouri compromise line, which is contra-
ry to one of the conditions specified in the resolu-
tions of the last Congress, which is, that m the
" State or States to be formed out of said territory
4 north of said Missouri compromise line, slavery
' or involuntary servitude (except for crime) shall
'be prohibited." The whole of the territory
which is properly included within, and of right
belongs to Texas, is to be erected into a new Sta*e.
| No other State can be formed from it without the
i consent of the State of Texas; nnd the constmi-
[ tion which has been submitted to us deprives the
I State, through its Legislature, of abolishing slavery
| m any portion of the present territory of Texas,
j It substantially guaranties to slaveholders who now
are, or hereafter may become, citizens of Texas
1 by immigration, with their slaves, the rlirht to hold
their slaves in servitude in all parts of Texas now
included within her rightful limits: and the Senate
is arked to admit her into the Union with such a
constitution-)! provision, and to sanction it by con-
senting to her admission. I cannot comply with
such a request. 1 cannot agree to a proposition
which is at variance with the spirit of the resolu-
tions of-the last session, and which, it seems to
me, will virtually continue the insututum of slavery
in every part of Texas, or which, at least, -frill
forever prevent the formation of a free State with-
in any part of its present limits, and that, too,
with the license and approbation of Congress.
I shall vole against these resolutions becaa e
they allow Texas to have two Representatives in
the House of Representatives, which, in my judg-
ment, is contrary as well to the letter as the spirit
of our Constitution. So far as any evidence (none
within my recollection) has come to my knowledge
of the amount of her population, the number
might as well have been twenty as two. It would
seem to be an arbitrary number, and, unless her
Federal numbers justify it, is unequal and there-
fore unjust. It was necessary when the people of
the United States made the present Constitution
that everv State, each of which was mdepemh ut,
should have at kast one Rcpiesentativc; hu< in the
admission of new States the rule speefsed m the
Constitution is to govern, and such has been the
practice. In the apportionment of its Representa-
tives, a State is to be subject to the ratio prescribed
by law. In no other mode can the provision of
that instrument, in this particular, be carried out.
In the absence of evidence known to me, sul-
ficientto satisfy me that Texas has a population
which, applying the existing ratio, would give her
two Representatives, I cannot sanction by my vote
her admission on these unequal terms. If she
is to be placed on any other footing than that of
equality with the other Sta'esof the Union, which
are subject to the ratio prescribed by law, no more,
ihan one Representative should be allotted to her,
even wifh the unequal advantage which her slave
population gives her in the election of representa-
tives to Congress. If the number of votes recently
given m Texas on the question of annexation, and
on the adoption of the Constitution, be any just
criterion, or in the slightest degree approximates
to a fan* ciiterion by which lie.* piesent population
is to be estimated, she is far ftom being entitled to
come into the Union at all, even with one Repre-
sentative, for want of the requisite Federal numbers;
for il nppefrsthat there were only about 4.500 votes
?,ivexi on either of the preceding matters submut^d
to the people of Texas: and a Government which
does not know how much of her public lands has
beei legally granted, and of course is ignorant of
the epiantity, if any, which lemains subject to her
control, and is also ignorant of the amount of her
public debt, cannot be expected to furnish very
full evidence of the number of her people. It',
however, she is to be admitted as a State ot the
Union, she is entitled to one Representative only,
and to one should she be limited. The resolutions
allow her two, and I cannot vote for them.
I have thus, Mr. President, very briefly stated
some of the reasons which will govern me in the
vote which I shall give against the passageof these
resolutions. I will not, indeed 3 have net strength,
to go further. The resolutions will ccriainl v pass;
and in what I hove said I have expressed the con-
victions of my own deliberate judgment, and I 1 e-
lieve the. opinions of a large portion of the people
of Connecticut. I have endeavored to discharge,
my duty to them, and to the country as an Ameri-
can Senator, and now take leave of the subject.
Mr. UAGRY said he felt, called on to oiilr some
remarks, for the purpose of defining his position
m relation to the question before the Sen.de. i le
was impelled to that course at that time, not by
any desire to occupy the attention of the Senate in
any discussion of the question, not with the view
of imposing the slightest obstacle, but because he
wished to place himself right before that 1 ody and
the country. He availed himself, then, of ihe op-
portunity of stating, clearly nnd distinctly, that at
no time, nor under any circumstances, had he ever,
for one moment, entertained the slightest opposi-
tion to the measure of annexation itself. On the
contrary, all the inducements, all the feelings that
could operate upon and actuate a faithful public
servant, had led him clearly, decidedly, and strong-
ly m favor of the measure. He stated distinctly
that, for every reason that* could operate upon a
man, upon a citizen, upon a Senator, he had hcon
at all times in favor of the annexation of 1 ;
and he thought that he would be able to sati^'V
that chamber that he had at least, to a u-^sonabhi
extent, practically manifested that disposition be-
yond a doubt, it was a new question in the his-
toiy of the country. The first form m which it
was presented was in the treaty of 1^44. Ho
voted for it. It was rejected by a lar^e ma orny;
and then, for the first time, according to his knowi-
