92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
edge and understanding on the subject, it was
brought forward m legislative form- Upon that
point, also, he had an equal desire not to be mis-
understood; and he then would state, m the hear-
ing of that honorable body, and m the hearing of
the American people, that he did strongly, sin-
cerely, conscientiously doubt whether the power
to admit foreign States into the Union was vested
in Congress by the Constitution. Thai doubt lie
had expressed on a former occasion; and to that
doubt he a^ain t;u\e expression now. But, in re-
gard to that doubt, as with regard to all others that
eould encumber the mind of a public man, he could
only say that he felt that he was bound to regard
the \ie\vs and sentiments entertained by those
whom it was his pude to represent. The Legisla-
ture of Alabama, for years before he had heroine
one of that body, (the Senate)—and therefore lie
consoled himsrif with the reflection that their m-
stiuotions were intended for him. alone—had in-
structed their representatives in the Senate, and in
the other branch of the Legislature, to use their
best exertions for the admission of Texas into the
United States. Those instructions he had fulfilled
to the letter: and yet, if he had been instructed
upon a pattieidar moth1 by whu h that object was
to be accomplished—dear as popularity was to
h-m—he would h;ue \ae:\Ud hi--. s"ut in that, body
rather than have advocated tli.it mode -\\ Inch his
judgment condemned. But that been a
doubtful point, as to the mode in which this meas-
ure was to be aceomnbshed, he had steadily en-
deavored to pursue that course to which the wishes
of his constituents had pointed. In i£44 those
who weie then charged with the execution of the
poweis of this (Jovermncnt foimcd their opinions
as 10 the proper mode of admitting Texas. Hut
finding that that was defective, another mode was
propound, and those who could take the trouble to
examine both propositions would find that that
amendment—which lie took that opportunity of
Maying he had some agency in—provided not
alone for the accomplishment of the object by
treaty, but provided the legislative also. At every
Nta^e of the proceedings on this question, he had
been acting, or at least endeavoring to act, with
those who had the measure most at heart. When
it eame in the form of a treaty from another part
of the Government, he had subsequently resorted
to the alternative of taking1 the chances both by
treaty and legislative action. So much with regurd
to the course which he had liken m this matter.
Marked out as the\ were by dUferenees of politi-
cal principle and political action, it had been his
misfortune to differ from some of the most emi-
nent men on the oiher .-ode of the Mour-e. And so
also he had been eulh'd to differ -\\ ith some of tin;
most eminent men on his own hide of the House,
relative to the mode of accomplishing the measure.
And, if he desired to seek a reason stron^ei than
my other, the carrying out of whieh would tend to
KTpciuatc and establish this Union, it would be
iy taking ground m direct opposition to one of the
propositions laid down by the honorable Senator
1'rom Massachusetts. Ho differed distinctly and
emphatically not only from that gentleman, but
from all those who believed that the extension of
our territorial limits was cal< ulated to impair the
.strength of this Union. On the contrary, he be-
lieved that, under the operation of this federative
system—this glorious fuleraii\e .system—every
new State, no matter if it were located even on the
distant shores ol? tlie Paciiic,, is to us but an addition-
al pillar of sLien£th. Coming fi <>m the section ofthe
Union he represented, it was not likely ihat he would
be supposed fo object to the constitution of Texas
as it now stood. He maintain^ d principles at va-
liaiK'C with tho«e advanced by the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut. In his opinion, the Con-
dress of the United States, in the admission of a
new Stale into the Union, had no more power to
prohibit shivery on one or another side of a given ,
line, than it had to interdict the action of spinning- j
jennies or the stcam-en^me. States coming into j
this Union came in on tenns of equality with ihe 1
original States, and the citl/.ens woe entitled to '
all the rights of property that attached to them as ;
citizens of the United States. But he fornoie en-
tering' on that view of the subject. Congress had
but one solitary duty to perform. He availed him-
self of that opportunity to say that no one voted
more cheerfully than he did for the admission of
Texas into the Union, although differing with
many of those with whom lie was associated in re-
ir
, gnul to the mode; but, as had been well said by the
I Senator from Georgia—he meant the Senator far-
thest from him, [Mr. Berrien].—that isnot now the
question—the deed is done. Texas has disrobed
herself of Iter sovereignty. The faith of the Gov-
ernment of the United States is pledged. "We
have now nothing left to do but to admit or reject
her. He was prcpaied, fully prepared, to admit
her, and in all respects to pursue towards her the
samp eoursc that he would with any other merabor
of this great confederacy of free States.
The call for the yeas and nays being' agreed to,
the question was then taken, and decided as fol-
lows:
YKAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Ashley, Atchi-
son, Atherton, Bagby, Barrow, Benton, Berrien,
IJrccsc, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Colquitt, Dick-
inson, Uik, Fairtield, Hannegan, Haywood, .Ten-
ness, Johnson of Louisiana,"Levy, Lewis, Man-
pun, Xlir.s, Pennybucker, Sevier, Speight, Stur-
geon, Turney, and WcsUaitt—31.
KAYS—Messrs. Thomas Clayton, John M.
Clayton, Corwin, Davis, Dayton, Evans, Greene,
Huntington, Miller, Phelps, Simmons, Upham,
Webster, anil Woodbridge—14.
So the joint resolution was passed.
PURCHASE OF CUBA.
Mr. LEVY submitted the following resolution,
whn-h lies mn under the rule:
Ucsolred, Thiit, in ihe opinion ofthe Senate, it is
advisable for the President to open negotiations
with the Government of Spain for the cession to
the United States of the Island of Cuba, the in-
habitants of said Island consenting thereto.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a message from the President of the United States,
communicating an account of the expenditures and
disburenients connected with the China mission;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BENTON" offered the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
Jiesolvrd, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instiucted to inquire into the expediency
of organizing a company of sappers and minors and
pontoniers.
Mr. SPEIGHT introduced, on leave, a bill to
aid the State of Mississippi in the construction of
a railroad from Jackson, through Brandon, to the
western boundary of Alabama, and asking for a
grant of land for that purpose; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. DICKINSON introduced, on leave, a bill
for the relief of the legal representatives of William
B. Checvcr, deceased; which was read twice, and
refi rrcd to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ASl-ILEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the Senate bill for
the admission of Texas, reported a substitute for
that bill; which was read, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. 1311EESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of William El-
liott, of Fulton, Illinois, without amendment.
On motion of Mi, ALLEN, the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of Executive business; and,
after some time spent therein,
The 8enatc adjourned.
Rev. W. M. Daley.
Rev. T. H. Stockton.
Rev. Mr. Matthews.
Rev. C. Dickson.
Rev. Mr. Hovey.
Rev. Mr. Dewey.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Mokovy, I)c.rc:iihir :1:1. 1845.
The reading of the Journal being commenced—
Mr. rjtODHEAD rose and moved to dispense
with it, ns he understood it would consume an hour
or more.
Mr. PETTIT objecting,
The motion was not pressed.
The Clerk having made a little further progress,
Mr. BOYD renewed the motion to dispense with
the reading, observing that it would be a useless
consumption of'time.
Mr. PETTIT objected.
The SPEAKER stated it would require a vote
of two-third? to dispense with the reading.
Mr. BOYD hoped two-thirds would vote for it.
Mr. PETTIT hoped not. They could only
know the Journal was correct by the reading.
The motion was agreed to; and the further read-
ing was dispensed with.
Mr. G. W. JONES wished for the reading of
certain portions of it.
Mr. PETTIT objected, unless the whole were
read.
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
The SPEAKER, on leave,laid before the House
a communication from the President of the United
States, communicating, in reply to the resolution
of the House of 25th February last , a report from
the Secretary of State, together with the corres-
pondence of George W. Slacum, late consul of the
United "States at Rio Janeiro, with the Department
of State, relative to the African slave trade; which,
On motion of Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON, was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
CHAPLAIN.
The SPEAKER said that, according to an order
adopted by the House on Friday last, the first sub-
ject in the regular order of business was the choice
of Chaplain.
The following nominations were then made :
By Mr. BRO DHEAD: Rev. A. A. Muller.
By Mr. BOYD: Rev. W.A. Milburne.
By Mr. BRIN KERHOFF: Rev. Wm. Sprole.
By Mr. DUNLAP: Rev. Sept. Tuston,
By Mr. FOOTE: Rev. R. R. Gurley.
By Mr. STANTON: Rev. C. C. Connor.
By Mr. McDOWELL: Rev. G. W. Maley.
By Mr. I. E. HOLMES: ~  
By Mr. CRANSTON:
By Mr. HOPKINS:
By Mr. J. THOMPSON :
By Mr. RATHBUN:
By Mr. HAMLIN:
After these nominations had- been made—.,
Mr. PETTIT moved that the election be sus-
pended until the Senate1 shall have ch<Ssen.
The CHAIR said .that as the House was actu-
ally engaged in making the election, the nomina-
tions having been made, it was too late to move a
postponement.
Mr. PETTIT asked to be excused from voting,
and his reasons, he said, for the request, were
these 
A member here rose to make a nominations-
Mr. Pjsttit proceeded: The gentleman can make
no nomination that will secure my vote. I do not
believe that this House, or that Congress, has any
fostering care over any subject upon which they
have not power to legislate; nor that they have any
power to appropriate or spend money for the ad-
vancement of any object upon which they cannot
legislate. It is clear by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States that this House, or Goitres, cannot legis-
late on the subject of religion. I therefore believe
that it is a direct and palpable violation of the Con-
stitution, to foster in any form or manner, any reli-
f'on whatsoever, or to pay out one dollar, aye, one
rtliing, of the public money, on that object. Be-
lieving so, I ask to be excused from voting.
And the question being taken, Mr. P. was ex-
cused.
Mr. SA WYER, of Ohio, desired, also, to be p.x-
cused from voting; because, he said, he had consci-
entious scruples, and did not believe that he could
vote consistently with the oath he had taken.
And the question being taken, Mr. S. was also
i excused.
; Messrs. Brodhead, Botd, and Brinkerhoff,
were then appointed tellers to count the votes.
\ There were three votes taken; The result is as
i follows:
i 1st Ballot. 2d Ballot. 3d Ballot.
i Rev. Mr. Milburne 35 59 105
; Rev. Mr. Sprole 94 36 63
I Rev. Mr. Gurley 27..   32    .8
! Rev. Mr. Connor 24 26 10
j Rev. Mr. Tuston 21 15..withdrawn.
1 Rev. Mr. Stockton y ] ..withdrawn.
Rev. Mr. Muller 11. .. .withdrawn.
| Rev. Mr. Matthews 9... .withdrawn.
| Rev. Mr. Maley......6 6..withdrawn.
Rev. Mr. Daley 10 4
■ Rev. Mr. Hovey 4
Rev. Mr. Dixon 2... .withdrawn.
Scattering 1
!     "
; 183 179 lie
; The Rev. Mr. Milburne lm*ing received a ma-
jority of the whole number of votes given in on
the third ballot, was declared duly elected Chap-
