96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27.
any one to preside over the body. It was a mat-
ter for the Senate itself to determine, in the absence
of the presiding: officer. j
The Secretary, at the request of several Sena- 1
tors, read the rule upon the subject, as follows: !
" The Vice President, or President of the Sen- 1
1 ate pro tempore, shall have a right to name a mem- j
' ber to perform the duties of the chair, but such !
' substitution shall not extend beyond an. adjourn- ;
'mcnt."
Mr. SPEIGHT observed that he. could see no i
other construction of the rule than that which had !
been placed on it by the Vice President—that he s
had the niiht to name a member, in his absence, to 1
pcrfoim the duiies of the chair.
Mr. ClilTTEXDFN moved to proceed to the
eliTiion of a Pi evident pro tempore, with a view to
test the question.
Mr. CALHOUN did not clearly recollect any
similar ense, Tlio Secretory had been Ionp, here,
and he (Air. CA would be glad to hear from him if
there was any precedent.
Air. CRITTEJXDEN did not know of an in-
stance where the Vice President exercised this
pow or during the ten or twelve years he had been
a member of the body.
Air. STURC FUN thought there had been a
number of precedents since lie had occupied a seat
heje. He belie\ed that Air. Southaid, formeily
the presiding oliiecr of the Senate, appointed a
member to discharge the duties of the chair, in the
mode pursued on the present occaMon, during that
gentleman's absence m Virginia. Pie thought
there were other cases. There was 110 doubt on
his mind of the coirectness of the course.
The CI ! AIR (Air. Srwrr) rose to put the ques-
tion on the motion to proceed to an election; when
A!r. CHITTENDEN said he thought the case
of Judge Southard was piowded for by special
icsolution of the Senate.
Air. HAYWOOD, to relieve the Senate from the
difficulty. moved that the Senate adjourn.
The question was taken, and decided m the neg-
ative.
Air. MANGUAT understood that there was some
difficulty with reference to the qualification of the
officer presiding. lie knew what had been done
in many simitar instances by Mr. Southard, before
he went to Virginia for his health. After that
time, however, a icsolution may have been passed
by the Senate, and it could be found, if there was
one. So little doubt did he (Mr. AJaxccm) enter-
tain in relation to this mutter, that lie took occa-
sion to state to the Vice President that, if he de-
signed being absent until Alonday, he could gi\e
an appointment in writing, according to usage, as
Ite understood il. It was perfectly easy, however,
to obviate any difficulty by lesolution or by bal-
lot. He desned to state "that the Vice President
had deiived the mfoimntiun fiom hiui, and at flu
time he did not suppose there would be, diilieulty
or embarrassment.
Mr. T. CLAYTON said, that when Mr. South- ,
ard appointed a substitute, a question was laistd
whether it should be by a general commission, or
renewed day by day. That gentleman was sub-
ject to a disease which frequently rendered lum
unable to perform the duties of the chair, and
when compelled to go to Virginia, had repeatedly ,
exercised the power of appointing a substitute, and
i) was not objected to. lie repeated, that the only
difficulty which arose was, whether there should
be a general appointment during the absence of
Mr. Southa.nl. or whether he should leave anum-
V.er of papeis, dated from day to day, that the sub-
stitute nn^ht be thus authorized to take tin- chair.
Air. CALHOUN said that the rule of the Sen-
ate gave the Vice President the power to appoint a
substitute. if there was any doubt, it was because
the gentleman wa* not in the Distuet. He may he
out of the cny. Relieving, however, that the ude
ronmmpUted" that he may appoint a substitute for ,
one day, h<; could not vote for the motion of the
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he made the motion
without much consideration, as there seemed to
him to be an is regularity in the proceeding. But
he would now withdraw it.
The motion was, therefore, withdrawn.
Air. HANNEGAN presented the credentials of
the Hon. Jesse D. Bright, elected a Senator of
tine United States from the State of Indiana for
the term of six years, commencing 4th of March,
1845; which havingwbcen read.,
Mr. Bright took the customary oath, adminis-
; tercd by Mr. Sexier.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Thomas
I Henshaw and otheis, praying that the pensions
. granted to the militia who served in the revolutiona-
! ry war may be increased; which was referred to the
. Committee on Pensions.
| Mr. EVANS presented a petition of citizens of
■ Maine, remonstrating against the admission of
Texas into the Union, with a constitution tolera-
i! tinir slavery; which was laid on the table.
: Mr. UPHAM presented several remonstrances
of citizens of Vermont, against the admission of
Texas into the Union as a slave State; winch were
laid on the table.
Mr. U. also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
■ tare of the State of Vermont, protesting against
1 the admission of Texas without the consent of all
the States ; \\ Inch wen: laid on the table, and ordcr-
: ed to be punted.
;! Afr. U. also presented the petition of the repre-
sentatives of Ceo. AV. Corliss, deceased, an officer
I' in the revolutionary auny, praying to be allowed
1 [us seven yeat>' hull-pay; which was referred to
the Committee on Re\olutumary Claims.
j! Air. (I. further piesented the petition of Zadoek
i Huntley, a soldier in the revolutionary ainiy, ask-
, lug a pension: which was referred to the Commit-
tee Oil Pensions.
Air. U. fu\Mier presented the petition of Beebee
AVodham, 'he h-a! representative of Heman Alien,
dcceas< d, a-skiu^ the reimbursement of advances
1 made by said Heman Allen during the revolu-
tionary war; winch was referred to the Coininit-
, tee on Revolutionary Claims.
l| Mr. THOMAS CLAYTON presented the pcti-
'' ti(ui of the legal repi esentatives of Mountjoy L3m-
|! ley, deceased, an officer in the revolutionary army,
;l asking legal interest on his commutation pay;
;i which was refened to the Committee on Revoiu-
:| tionary Cluims.
i| Air. DICKINSON presented the petition of
i certain captains and sailors for the completion and
:! lighting of Cattaraugus harbor, on lLake Erie;
i; which"was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Ij Mr. JEN NESS presented the petition of Ruth
i| Ransom, of Dover, New Hampshire, for the re-
" newal of a lost bounty-land warrant issued to her
j as the. legal representative of Nathaniel Magoon,
1 an officer in the revolutionary army; which was
referred to die Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Ah*. 01X presented the petition of Riehaid Kidd
and Benjamin Kidd, for payment of the residue of
judgment jn their favor airainst Samuel Swart-
"wout, lute collector of the port of New York, for
duties illegally exacted; winch was icferred to the
Conmutke on Finance.
Mr. D. hIho pie^ented the petition of Jonathan
Little, assignee of Wluley Taylor, merchants in
lhe city of JNew York, praying the repayment of
(ertaiP* dunes illegally exacted of them by the
collector of that, port on a cargo of silk twist im-
ported m irsJH and 1839; winch "was refeired to
the ConmutU e on Finance.
A message w us i eceived from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that the joint lesolutmn
foj the admission of Texas into the Union had
been signed by the I'resident of the United States,
and lequesting the signature of the Vice President
thei (.to.
Air. ASHLEY presented the petition of citizens
of Ai kansas, pravmg the establishment of a weekly
mail route lroin Oakland Grove post office to l)u-
y<n-k Chills, on the White mer; which was reier-
red to the Committee on the Post Oiiice and Post
Roads.
Air. A. also picsoitcd the petition of Scott, i
AYlmo & Co., pmvnnr the repayment of a sum of !
money advanced by them to the paymaster for the |
Western depaitment of the aimv, lor public uses; :
which vas lefirred to the Committee on Claims, j
Air. CASS-piesented the petition of Ambrose j
R. Davenpoit, praying compensation for military |
servicus during the last war with Great Britain; j
which was reiencd to the Committee on Military
Alf.urs. _ , !
Air. STLT00 RON pi evented six petitions of |
citizens of Pennsylvania, rnnonstiating against the j
admission of Texar mto the Union as a slave |
Stall ; which were l.ad on the table. |
Mr. EVA XS, pursuant to notice, asked and oh- j
tamed leave to introduce a bill for the relief of i
MaivMcIiea, widow of Colonel William Mcllea; I
which was read a first and second timer,and refer-
red to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Air. ASHLEY, pursuant to",notice, asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill to establish a per-
manent general pre-emption system in favos of
actual settlers upon the public- lands; .which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported a bill to continue the
office of Commissioner of Pensions; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
M r. ATPIFRTON, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for the settlement
of the claims of the State of New Hampshire
against the United States; which was read a first
and second time, and referred.
Mr. SPEIGHT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill granting alternate sections
of the public lands to the State of Michigan, for
purposes of internal improvements in said State,
without amendment; and the bill and report were
ordered to be printed.
Air. HAYWOOD presented a remonstrance of
the city council of Alexandria against the repeal of
the act "which makes it obligatory upon one of the
circuit judges of that circuit to reside in Alexan-
dria ; which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. LEVY said, that, in deference to the desire
expressed to him by several of his friends, he had
concluded to withdraw, for the present, the reso-
lution introduced by him a few days since, in ref-
erence to the acquisition of Cuba. Although his
judgment by no means concurred in the sufficiency
of the reasons which had been urged against the
resolution, yet, willing as he was at all times to
defer to the superior experience and wisdom of his
associates, he did not hesitate to yield to their
wishes, and, for the present, to withdraw his
proposition: the more especially as it had not been
his purpose, when the resolution was introduced,
to call it up for action until a late period of the
session. He accordingly withdrew it.
OREGON.
The following resolutions submitted by Air.
ATCHISON, on the 18th instant, coming up for
consideration: *
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of organ-
izing a government for the Territory of Oregon.
liesolved, That the Committee on Military Ailairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing block-houses and stockade foits, and
military posts, from the frontiers of Missouri to
Fremont s pass in the Rocky mountains, and from
thence through the Oregon Territory to the mouth
of the Columbia river; and also to inquire into the
expediency of raising and organizing a corps of
mounted riflemen, for the purpose of escorting- emi-
grants to, and protecting American citizens m, the
Oregon Territory.
Jiesoluid, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
granting lands to actual settlers in the Territory of
Oregon.
AVWiv/, That the Committee on the Militia be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of organ-
izing, arming and equipping the militia of Oregon
Territory.
Rrsolcfd, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
inquire into the expediency of establishing Indian
agencies and sub-agencies in the OregonTenitory,
ami the extension of the laws of the United States
regulating intercourse with the Indians over said
Territory, a'? far as they may be applicable.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office,
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from the
frontiers of Missouri to the city of Oregon, in the
Oregon Territory:
Mr. CALHOUN stated that these resolutions
were of great importance and required great delib-
eration. The Senate was now thin; and he would
suggest to the Senator from Alissouri to postpone
their consideration until some day which might be
fixed after the holydays.
Mr. ATCHISON had no objection to a post-
ponement, but as (Lev were merely resolutions of
inquiry, he saw no objection to immediate action
upon them. He admitted their importance, but
would remind the honorable Senator that they
went n) further than the Message of the Presi-
