1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
PETITIONS, REMONSTRANCES, &c.
Petitions, Memorials, &c., were presented and
referred under the rule to-day, as follows:
By Mr. ABBOTT: The petition of Joseph Merrill and 15
Others, citizens of Dracut, Massachusetts, remonstrating
against the admission of Texas a& a State of this Union for
vauous reasons, but especially because its constitution, as
rat as it can, supports and perpetuates slavery.
By Mr. WENT WORTH: A petition for a mail route
from Springfield, via Postvitle, WaynesviHe, Randolph's
Grove, Bloomuigton, Hudson, and Josephine.
Also, the petition of N. Boilviu
By Mr. CHAPMAN, of Virginia: The petition of Mrs.
A una iioyall, (the widow of a revolutionary soldier.) praying
lor a pension. '
By Mr. W. HUNT: The remonstrances of 175 men and
111 women of Orleans county, New Yoik, against the ad-
mission of Texas as a slave State.
By Mr. HARPER j The petition of Ann Clayton, praying
for an increase of pension. *
Also, the petition of Samuel Bump, of Licking county,
Ohio, praying for a pension.
By Mr. P. KING: The petition of citizens of Canton, St.
Lawrence county, New York, lor an increase of duty on
fcoda ash, barilla, and sal soda.
Alto, the pctiuou and protest of 35 ciu/ens of Lowville,
Lewis eountv, New York, against the admission of Texas
as a slave State.
And on Mr. K's motion, the petition and papers of Moses
Segur were referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
By Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts: The remon-
#m iioes of Leonard Rice and 57 males ami 53 females of
Chailemont; also, of 38 women of Chester; also of 97citi-
zens of Chester; also, of Thaddeus Pomeiov and 91 other
•c iri/.ens of Stockbridsu; also, of WiHiam *Avcry and 58
others, citizens of Conway, Massachusotts—all against the
admission of Texas into the Union asa Mave State. •
By Mr. MAULAY : The petition of Caroline E. Sanders,
oxeeutrix of Win. G. Sanders, formerly a sutlei ju the Uni-
ted States army, praying additional compensation ihr hmld-
destroyed by order of an officer of the United Slates
mmy. Also, the petition of James Green for pension a-: a
?iiid>lt!pm<ui in tlio Vmjuuu State navy from 1777 to 1781.
ANo, the petition of John B. Wjngerd for compensation for
services in theotiiee of First (Comptroller of the Tn>si>urv.
By Mr. C. B. SMITH: The icirmiifttiam-o of Scih Ifnn-
shtixv and 256 others, citizens of the Stntc of Indiana, siqainst
the admission of Texas :js a slave State.
By Mr. DELANO: The pntition of Roxana Moore, prsiv-
*n<r for a pension in coimjdeintion of the services ofherhus-
iiaud during tlie revolutionary war.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 29, 1845.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the bill for the
extension of the laws of the United States over
the State of Texas, and for other purposes, had
passed the House.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM EXECUTIVE DE-
PARTMENTS.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate the
following communications:
A report from the Secretary of War, made in
■compliance with a resolution of the Senate, show-
ing the progress which had been made in the re-
moval of the raft in the Red river; which was
read, referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
A report of the Secretary of the Treasury, made
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, in
relation to the correction of errors, and completing"
the returns of the survey of, township one, south
of range seven east, in the State of Michigan;
which was read, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented the memorial of
James L. Cathcart, executor of Joseph L. Cath-
cart, deceased, praying- remuneration for losses
sustained by the testator in the execution of in-
structions of his Government while Consul Gen-
eral to the Barbary Powers, in 1803; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BAGBY presented the memorial of Joseph
n. Causten, assignee of John B. flagan, praying
compensation for services as Commissioner for in-
vestigating frauds on the Creek Indians, in the
year 1835; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of "VV.
H. Hildrcfh praying compensation for provisions
furnished for the use of the Sac and Fox Indians
west of the Mississippi river; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. UPHAM presented the petition of Hannah
Beard, widow of a deceased revolutionary soldier
praying a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JENNESS presented the petition of citizens
of Durham, New Hampshire, praying for the
adoption of measures for the amicable adjustment
of all international difficulties which may arise;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. ATHERTON presented the petition of
Reuben Mills, a revolutionary soldier, praying for
a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
petition of Elizabeth Sailor, widow of a deceased
revolutionary soldier, praying a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. R. JOHNSON presented'' the petition of
Erskine &, Eiehelberger, praying the payment of
a balance due on certain advances by them to John
Gunter, a Cherokee Indian, for which the United
States became bound by the treaty of 1825-0, with
the Cherokee Indians; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. DJX presented the memorial of Smith,
Thurgar& Co., merchants in New York, praying
the repayment of certain duties illegally exacted
of them by the collector of that poit; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BAGBY presented a petition of members
of the bar of Washington city, praying the repeal
of the law requiring one of tlic judges of the cir-
cuit court for the District of Columbia to reside in
Alexandria; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON presented a remonstrance
of citizens of Maryland against the admission of
Texas into the Union; which wos laid on the table.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial of
chiefs, braver, and young men of the united bands
of Chippewa, Ouowa, and Pottawatomie Indians,
praying that provision mny be made in all treaties
hereafter entered into with them, for emirim? to
them the fee-simple of the reservations to which
they may be entitled; which was rc-leircd to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MoDUFFIE presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Charleston, S. C., praying the establish-
ment in that city of a blanch of the mint of the
United States; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. McD. also presented the memorial of John
Carter, of Georgetown, District of Columbia, pray-
ing that he may be authorized bylaw to bring into
said District, from the State of South Carolina, a
slave of which he is the owner; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted documents relating to
the claim of Richard Elliott, a revolutionary sol-
dier, to a pension; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. CASS moved that the report of the Com-
missioner of the Land Office be printed. The mo-
tion prevailed.
Mr. C. also presented the following resolutions;
which, under the rule, lie over:
lie solved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of
fixing a period of age beyond which no officer in
the army shall be called into active service during
war; and if they consider such a measure expedi-
ent, then to consider, also, the. regulations proper
to be adopted to effect the object.
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs inquire into the expediency of constructing a
ship canal around the falls at the Sault St. Marie,
m the State of Michigan, with a view to the mili-
tary and naval defence of the northwestern fron-
tier of the United States.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented, for the considera-
tion of the Senate, the following resolutions; which,
under the rule, lie over;
Resolved, That the country included within the
parallels of 42 and 54 degrees 40 minutes north
latitude, and extending from the Rocky mountains
to the Pacific ocean, known as the Territory of Or-
egon, is the property, and part and parcel of the
United States.
Resolved, That there exists no power in this
Government to transfer its soiJ, and the allegiance
of its citizens, to the dominion, authority, control,
and subjection of any foreign prince, state, or
sovereignty.
Resolved, That the abandonment or surrender of
any portion of the Territory of Oregon would be
an abandonment of the honor, the character, and
the best interests of the American people.
Mr. ASHLEY presented resolutions passed by
the Legislature of Arkansas, instructing the Sen-
ators and requesting the Representatives of that
State in Congress, to endeavor to procure a law
authorizing the public lands to be sold in lialf-
quarter sections to actual settlers; wh'ch were re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. A. also presented a resolution, passed by
the Legislature of Arkansas, instructing the Sen-
ators and requesting the Representatives of said
State in Congress, to endeavor to procure the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Little Rock to Port
Smith; a mail route from Pcrryvilleto Park's Post
Officc; amail route from Benton to Perryville; and
from Benton, to Warren, in Bradley county, all in
said State of Arkansas; which was referied to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. A. also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Arkansas, in relation to a grant of sev-
enty-two acres of land for a seminary of learning
in that State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HANNEGAN, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported without amendment
the bill for the continuation of the Cumberland
ro:id m the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
Mr. LEWIS asked to be excused from serving
as a member of the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals; which request was aoceded to, no objection
being made.
On motion of Mr. S1J K i G H.T, the President
was empowered to nominate a Senator to fill the
vacancy in the Committee on Roads and Canals,
occasioned by the resignation^ Mr. Lewis; and
thereupon appointed Mr. Tor'ney.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Lo uifinna, moved to post-
pone the previous orders of the day for the pur-
pose of taking- up a bill which he named.
The motion being agreed to,
The Senate proceeded, as m committee of the
whole, to the consideration of a bill to repeal the
act abolishing the office of Second Assistant In-
spector General of the army; and no amendment
being offered, the bill was reported, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, after a very few
remarks from Mr. BENTON and Mr. SPEIGHT
in favor of its passage.
Mr. ASHLEY stated that, in consequence of
the absence of some of the members of the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, there were not a suffi-
cient number present to act upon the bill for the
extension of the laws of the United States over
the State of Texas, and for other purposes; and
asked that a member of said committee might be
appointed in the place of Mr. Jarwagin.
Mr. SEVIER suggested that it would be better
to appoint an additional member of the commit-
tee, so as not to displace Mr. Jarnagjjt.
Mr. ASHLEY acquiesced, and moved that the
Chairmake the appointment; which was agreed to.
The CHAIR appointed Mr. Greene a member
of said committee.
Mr. BRIGHT reported, from the committee,
that they had examined, and found duly enrolled,
the resolution for the admission of the State of
Texas into the Union.
SAPPERS AND MINERS AND POKTOKIERS.
The Senate proceeded, as in committee of the
whole, to the consideration of the bill to organize
a company of sappers and miners and pontoniers;
and no amendments being offered, the same was
reported to the Senate; when
Mr. BENTON said that it was very desirable
that this bill should pass immediately; the Secre-
tary of War had been importuned by the command-
ing officers of the army on the frontiers for the or-
ganization of such a company, for want of which
men were obliged to be detached from other service
to perforin the duties which are usually performed
by such company.
No amendments being offered by the Senate, the
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
THE STATE OF TEXAS.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing thai the bill for the exten-
sion of the laws of the United States over the State
