102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec.''2$,
of Texas, and for other purposes, had been signed
by the Speaker of the Idiousc.
Mr. HAYWOOD, fiora the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the following " Bill to establish a
collection district in the State of Texas, and for
other purposes:''
A BILL to establish a collection district in the j
State of Texas, and for other purposes. \
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent- j
ativesofthe United States of *'inicrica in Congress as- j
sembled, That the State of Texas shall be one col-
lection district, and the city of Galveston the only >
port of entry, to which shall be annexed S.ibine, !
Velasco, Matagorda, Cavello, La Vaca, and Cor- ]
pus Christi, as ports of delivery only. j
^ Be it farther enacted, That a collector for (he ;
district of Texas aforesaid shall be aopomted by ,
the President, with the advice and consent of tlie ■
Senate of the United States, who shall hold his j
office upon the terms and for the time prescribed ;
by law for the like offices in other districts. The I
said collector shall reside at the city of Galveston; :
and he shall be entitled to a salary not exceeding ■'
two* thousand dollars, including m that sum the j
fees allowed by law; and the amount he shall col- I
Jeet in any-one year tor fees exceeding- the said sum i
or two thousand dollars, shall be accounted for and |
paid into the treasury of the United .States. j
Be it further enacted, That a surveyor for each of t
the'aforesaid ports of delivery, to wit; Sabine, j
Velasco, Matagorda, Cavello, La Vaca, and Cor-
pus Christi, shall be appointed by the President,
with the consent of the Senate of the United States,
who shall hold their offices respectively upon the
terms and for the time prescribed by law for the ,
like offices in other districts. The said surveyors ,
shall be entitled each to a salary not exceeding one
thousand dollars, including in that sum the fees al-
lowed by law; and the amount collected by any of
the said surveyors in anyone year for fees exceed- .
ing-thc said sum of one thousand dollars, sludf be
accounted for and paid into the treasury of the
United States. I
The bill having been read twice, ■
Mr. HAYWOOD asked for the third reading
of the bill this day.
Mr. DAY1S expressed a desire to have the bill
printed; but declined to press this, if the Senate
should unanimously agree to its third reading at
this time.
Mr. ARCHER stated, as an inducement to the
Senate to pass the bill without delay, that he un-
derstood that a messenger would leave the city to-
morrow morning for Texas, and it was very desir-
able that this bill should be transmitted !>V him,
in order that its provisions might be carried into
effect without delay. For the protection of (he
revenue, it was important that the bill should he
expedited in its passage, and he hoped it would be
read a third time to-day.
Mr. DAVIS, for the information of the Senate, ,
stated that the bill simply provided for one collec-
tion district for the State, with a collector to reside ;
at Galveston. This was thought to be expedient, i
The city of Galveston was merely a port of entry, '
and the only one within the Slate; and it was
deemed proper to make other plnces ports of do- |
livery. The whole organization was this: one i
collector, to reside at Galveston, and fnc survey- 1
ors at the ports of delivery—exclusively of the ;
right of the collector to appoint certain oriiccrs for !
the collection of the revenue mid to prevent smug- '
gling. He saw no objection to the General tea- '
turcs of the bill, as fai as Ins judgment went.
Whether or not they weie very well-im'oimed on
the subject, the organization was very simple, and
to him seemed to meet the emergencies which ex-
isted for the collection of the revenue, until better :
information could be obtained. I
Mr. HUNTINGTON' wished to make a single I
inquiry. If he understood the bill as it had been
read, there was a provision that the collector shall
be entitled to, at least, the sum of two thousand
dollars.
Mr. DAYIS. Not at least, but at most.
Mr. HUNTINGTON. Very well: but entitled
to two thousand dollars. Whatever the amount
of the fees may be, the collector was to receive two
thousand dollars, and each surveyor a thousand
dollars. Hi# inquiry of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr., Davis] was this: Whether it was
not unusual to fix the salary of the collector at two
thousand dollars, and that of the surveyors at a
thousand? If unusual, why had a provision been
made different from that for other collectors and
sun cyovs?
Mr. DAYIS replied, that the proposition might
be judicious or injudicious. It was not very easy
to determine precisely what amount of fees was
likely to be received until they knew something of
the trade. Not being well-informed, not having
ample information, the committee seemed fully
authorized to act decisively; they thought it the
better way to give the oilicers a reasonable com-
pensation", and make it certain to them. If expe-
rience shall show that a dillerent arrangement
should be entered into, it would be, as a matter
of course. At present,, they did not deem the
salaries unreasonable. They supposed that in the
whole of those ports imponaiit duties must de-
vohe; and it was, therefore, the opinion of the
committee thnt the collector should receive two
thousand dollars, and the oilicers at the ports of
delivery a thousand dolhus. The general law, he
believed, e.ulhorized collectors to reeeivc not ex-
ceeding four thousand dollars.
Mr. LIUNTfNGTON. If the fees "amount to
th.it ,-aim. t
Mr. DAVIS said, what the amount of fees would
he at any one of ihcsc ports they could not deter-
mine. If the trade should pro\e as great as it
had been heretofore, the fees would exceed two
thousand doihos. The probability, however, was
tins: that the revenue would diminish, as the en-
tries had, to a ,small extent, been from foreign
countries; and, by examining several statistical
statements, it was ascertained that the entries were
chietly fiont the United States. And therefore
the probability was that the. revenue wotdd rather
diminish than increase. The committee considered
the provision as an experiment, and the salaries
not unreasonable under the circumstances.
A message was received from the House of
Repi*esrntatncs, by their Clerk, that the Presi-
dent of the United States had alfixed his signature
to the joint resolution for the admission of Texas
into the Union.
Several messages in writing were received fiom
the President of the United States.
The Senate then wriit into an Executive session.
After same time spent therein, the, doors were
opened; when
The hill to establish a collection district in the
State oP Texas, and for other 'purposes, was read
a third time, and passed.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Dcccmbcr £9, 1845.
The Journal of Saturday was icad and approved.
On motion of Mr. IIOPKUNS, the memorial of
the Legislature of the Territory of Arkansas, ask-
ing an appiopj i at ion for the construction of a road,
which memorial had heretofoie been referred to
the Committee on ihe Post Office and Post Roads,
was withdrawn from that committee, and referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order of
business to be the resolution relating to the elec-
tion of a superintendent and assistant of the folding-
room .
Mr. PRINKEPvIIOFF moved that the rules be
suspended for the purpose of calling the commit-
t'-es for repovtw.
Mr. TFEUATTS requested Mr. Buinkekhoff
so to modify his motion as to provide for the intro-
duction of bills of which notice had been given,
and of notices of h\ue to introduce bills.
And Mr. MoDOAVELL suggested to Mr. Biiink-
EiuioFr further to modify lus motion so as to in-
ch ale lesulutious of instruction to committees.
The motion was modified accordingly.
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
yeas 54, nays 34; no quorum voting.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH mo\ed that there be a
call of the House; which motion was rejected.
The question was then ogam taken by tellers,
and the vote stood—yeas 64, nays 47.
So two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
SUPERINTENDENT OF THE FOLDING-ROOM.
The House resumed the consideration of the
regular order of the day—the motion to proceed to
the election of a superintendent of the folding-room
pursuant to the order of the 19th instant.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr. P.
King, pending at the adjournment on the 27th in-
stant, that the whole subject be re/erred to the
standings Committee on Accounts, to report" whe-
ther the election of a superintendent of .the fb! ding-
room will increase the expenses of the Hoyise,
and, if so, how much; as, also, the effect whfcfe
the change from the present system would have
on the business of the House and the convenience
of the members.
Mr. BOWLIN" inquired what would be -the
cffect of the previous question, if now moved?
The CHAIR answeied that, under a decision of
the House made at the present session, it would cut
off' the motions to refer and postpone, and bring-
the House to a direct vote on the motion to pro-
ceed to the election.
Mr. BOWLIN. Then X do not move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. McDOWELL moved the previous ques-
tion. It was not seconded, only twenty mem-
bers rising in favor of it.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH moved that the whole
subject be laid un the table. The question was
dccidcd in the negative, by yeas and nays, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Cluincy Adams, Ander-
son, Kenton, James Black, James A. Black, Blaneh-
ard, Bowlin, Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, Buffington,
Burt, Cabell, Colin, Cranston, Cullom,Cummins,
Darwin, Darragh,DeMott, Dixon, Dunlap, Faran,
Ficklm, Gentry, Giddings, Giles, Goodyear, Gor-
don, Grover, Henley, Hough, SamT D. Hubbard,
Hungerford, .TamesB. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Kennedy, Preston
King, Lawrence, Ligon, Maclay, McClernand,
McCmte, McKay, Barclay Martin, Moulton, Niv-
en, Nnrris, Rathbun, Re id, Russell, Scammoii,
Alexander D. Sims, Thomas Smith, Robt. Smith,
Stanton, Stephens, Strong, James Thompson,
Wentworth, Wheaton, Wick, Williams, Wood,
Yell, and Yost—68.
KAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Stephen Adams, Ar-
nold, Ashrnun, Barnnger, Bedinger, Boyd, Milton
Blown, Chase, Chipman, Cobb,Cocke, Collamer,
Ciw.ier, Culver, Cunningham, Garrett Davis,
Jefferson Davis, Delano, Dobbin, Dockcry, Foot,
Graham, Hamlin, Haralson, Harper, Herrick, E„
B. Holmes, Hopkins, John W. Houston, George
S. Houston, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph
R. Ingersoll, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Daniel P. King, Leib, Lewis,
Lumpkin, McConnell, McDowell, McGaughey,
McHenry, Marsh, J. P. Martin, Parish, Payne,
Pettit, Pollock, Ramsey, Relfe, Roberts, Julius
Rockwell, Root, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Severance,
Leonard H. Simms, Simpson, Truman Smith,
Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Starkweather, Thi-
bqdeaux,Thomasson, Jacob Thompson,Tibbatts,
Tilden, Toombs, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, Win-
throp, and Woodworth—76.
So the House, for the third time, refused to lay
the subject on the table.
The question was then taken (by'tellers) on the
motion to refer to the Committee on Accounts,
and decided in the negative—59 to 82.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Grover to postpone indefinitely.
Mr. GROVER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. McKAY moved that the whole subject be
referred to a Select Committee, and that in the
mean time the election of a superintendent be
postponed.
Mr. IMcK. said that he had not looked into this
matter, and was not prepared to say whether the
arrangement proposed would or would not in-
crease the expendituie of the House. He thought,
however, that it was very likely that it would.
The folding was now executed by the pages and
messengers belonging to this House, and if it was
withdrawn from their hands it must, of course,
create great additional expense.
But there was another fact connected with this
business of folding the documents which demand-
ed serious attention, and called for immediate ac-
tion on the part of the House. He had been told
by the Postmaster General that on all documents,
speeches, messages, or whatever else was folded
for members of this House, in a particular manner,
2)c$tage was charged and collected, and this though
they might have been franked by the members.
The report of the Clerk stated that four millions
and a half of bundles, besides the franked letters
