1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
had gone from that room in one year. On all
these millions of packages, if folded m a particular
manner, so as to be legally included as letters, let-
ter postage was charged by the department, and
this amount, being paid by Government, created a
charge upon the treasury of more than half a rail-
lion of dollars. Unless some legislation was had
on the subject, this charge must continue. Surely
ao gentleman could desire such a state of things to
continue an hour longer. He desired, therefore,
that the whole subject should be looked into by a
select committee.
Mr. HOPKINS said that hitherto lie had taken
no part in this debate. Indeed, it had appeared to
him passing strange that there should be a diver-
sity of opinion as to the practical operation of so
simple a resolution as that which had been adopted
by the House respecting the election of officers
to superintend the folding-room attached to this
House. The question was so perfectly simple
that there seemed to bo no room left for any dif-
ference of opinion in regard to it- All it did was
to give to the House itself the appointment of two
officers who, under the present arrangement, were
appointed by the Doorkeeper. This was what it
did, and all it did. How it was possible that a re-
solution like that could involve great additional
expense was to him quite incomprehensible. The
two individuals now occupying the place might lie
reappointed for aught Mr. H. caied. Those who
introduced and those who had supported the reso-
lution meant that this should be its effect, viz. that
the House should apnomt instead of the Door-
keeper: and this was all they meant. Who had any
thought of dismissing these little pages from then-
employment, or of removing any of the messen-
gers who were now employed in the folding-room ?
Nobody, so far as he knew or believed. The con-
struction which had been put upon the resolution
by certain gentlemen was a forced conjunction,
and not the natural and legitimate moaning of it.
Did gentlemen know what was the amount of the
present patronage of the Doorkeeper of this House ?
if he was correctly informed, it was not less than
$100,000. How was this large patronage dispens-
ed? He could not say, for lie had never particu-
iaily inquired. And, indeed, the Doorkeeper was
not so much to blame for the removals he had
made, or the manner in which he had filled the va-
cancies created. The fault did not lie with him.
The evil was here upon this floor. The real evil
was the intermeddling of members of Congress
with this officer in the discharge of his duty. This
was the true source of all the difficulty. If the
Doorkeeper was in fault at all, it was in that he
yielded too readily to the improper interference of
others. Let those take the responsibility to whom
it justly belonged. Let there be no more log-roll-
mg. Let not gentlemen any longer be saying to
the officer, You shall have the vote of such and of
such a delegation on condition that you will ap-
point as a messenger this and that individual.
Mr. HOUSTON", of Alabama, here interposed
to ask Mr. H. a question. From the remarks of
that gentleman, it would seem that he must have
been acquainted, with all that had passed—he seem-
ed to know very much about it: and as the gen-
tleman was privy to so much, Mr. H. would like,
for himself and for the House, to know a little
more about this corruption. He wanted larger in-
formation oil this matter.
Mr. HOPKINS said, if the House wished to go
into an inquiry of that sort, let it appoint a special
committee, and they would get at the facts.
Mr. HOUSTON said, then he was for a special
rammittee forthwith.
Mr. HOPKINS resumed. He was sorry to
observe that a very improper prejudice seemed to
be entertained in some quarters against the present
Doorkeeper of the Hqusc. Mr. H. was unwilling
to see that officer made the butt for these unmerited
attacks. Mr. H. had had no connexion with him
of any sort, nor had he held any conversation with
him as to whom he should appoint, or who had
exerted any personal or improper influence over
him. Yet he believed that he had been interfered
with.
But, be that as it might, what had all this to do
with the fact stated by the gentleman from North
Carolina, or his wish for a sclect ..committee to in-
quire about postage ? If any improper charge was
made by the Post Office Department, it was not
the fault of the Doorkeeper. If fault there was,
it was the fault of the House, and it would con-
tinue until it should be remedied by law. Every
document folded as a letter had been charged with
letter postage; and some documents had been
charged as high as four dollars; but what had this
to do with the election of the superintendent of the
folding room? Nothing the House should do about
this election would remedy or in any way affect
this evil. The Doorkeeper had received no in-
struction from the House how documents should
be folded. Nor did he probably know or suspect
that letter postage was charged on any document
folded under his direction. The House had the
remedy in its hands—it must be remedied by legis-
lation, and not by quarreling with the subordinate
officer. He hoped this wnole subject would be
confided to a committee; and that that committee
would be charged to extend their inquiries beyond
the folding-room, and would look into and report
Oil this whole subject of subordinate patronage. It
had increased, was increasing, and ought to be re-
duced. But Mr. H. had no complaint to make
against the Doorkeeper as to the manner in whicn
it had been exercised; and from ail he knew of
that oflicer, he was induced to believe that he
would greatly thank the House if it would take the
burden off his hands.
Mr. HOUSTON said tluit as the gentleman from
Virginia had made a pretty strong insinuation re-
specting improper interference on the part of mem-
bers willi the Doorkeeper, as to his subordinate
appointments, lie thought the gentleman ought to
speak right out. and say what the interference was,
and who had been concerned in it. For himself
he had never recommended any one, as far as he
recollected, save on one occasion, when he be-
lieved he had sn;m*d a paper, along with other
gentlemen, ill behalf'of one of the little pages, lie
had always refused to inteiferc m the matter,
believing that the officer ought to be left to the in-
dependent discharge of his own duties. I or tile
manner in which he discharged them he was re-
sponsible to the House; and if he failed to do it,
the House oiui'ht to see that it was done or to dis-
charge him. Mr. H. was entirely willing and ready
to go into an investigation of any improper conduct
either on his part or on that of any other officer of
the House. But he was opposed to the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
McKay,] because it confounded together in one
reference two subjects entirely different from each
other, and which, if referred at all, ought to go to
two separate committees. The matter of postage
ought to be sent to the Committee oil the Post
Office, and that in regard to patronage to a select
committee.
Mr. McKAY here rose to say that the Commit-
tee on the Post Office had the subject already un-
der consideration, and perhaps would report a bill
amending, or else explaining the bill of last ses-
sion, if they thought the law itself should not be
altered. But what Mr. McK. had mainly intend-
ed to suggest was, that directions should be given
as to a chauge in the present manner of folding the
documents. So long as they continued to be fold-
ed in the manner of letters, letter postage would
continue to be charged upon them.
Mr. HOPKINS wished to state that a different
mode of folding would subject them only to the
postage charged upon newspapers.
Mr. HOUSTON resumed. In this view of the
subject he would not object that the select commit-
tee should have charge of both subjects- He had
supposed that the object of the gentleman was to
have this select committee prepaie a modification
of the post office law, or an explanatory act.
Mr. H. went on to say that he was entirely
opposed to extending the patronage of the Door-
keeper or any other officer. On the contrary, he
was always ready to restrict it as far as he could.
But he would not vote for a resolution drawn up
in so indefinite and loose a manner as that moved
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,]
which prescribed no mode or form of discharging
the duty of the new office. As it stood, it defined
nothing; it was utterly devoid of everything like
system. Ke presumed the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones,] who had introduced the
resolution, did not know himself whether the new
plan would increase or diminish the public ex-
penditure. Mr. H. was willing the House should
have these officers, if it desired them; but he was
not willing they should go on to act.blindfold. The
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Hopkins] could
not for his life feee how an election of superintend-
ent and assistant superintendent of the folding-
room would increase the expenses of the House,
bscause, as he said, these would not be new offi-
cers; but certainly the result would be the crea-
tion of two entirely new offices and of two new
officers to fill them, without taking from the con-
trol and employment of the Doorkeeper those now
under him. The House left all these in employ-
ment, and went on to elect two. others besides.
Would this create no new expense ? But suppose
the House should remedy that, still the new plan
would create collision and confusion between the
two officers and their subordinates. As the mat-
ter now stood, as soon as the House ceased to be
in session, both before it sat and after it adjourned,
the messengers and pages, as soon as they could
be spared from the Hall, were despatched into the
folding-room. If, then, we had the folding-room
as a separate department, and its superintendent
should come and apply to the Doorkeeper for some
of his hands, the latter would very naturally re-
fuse to detail them from under his own control,
and would probably answer that he had enough
for them to do in the Hall, or elsewhere. This
was the natural course of things. The authorities
would interfere, and be prepetually coming into
collision. The tair inference from what had been
said by gentlemen who were in favor of the elec-
tion was, that if new hands were to be employed
in the folding-room, some of the pages and mes-
sengers were to be dispensed with in the Hall.
This certainly would be the only way to keep
peace and prevent a large augmentation of ex-
pense. Each department ought to have its own
forces, and have the exclusive control of them.
The gentleman from Vnginia had asked, who ever
thought of reducing the number of pages? But
the number, or their pay, must be reduced, or the
expenses of the House increased. He hoped a
committee would examine the whole subject, and
report fully and speedily to the House: then they
would have some data to go upon; but he was
opposed to proceeding to the election of new offi-
cers under a resolution which contained not a
word as to their duties, nor proposed any feasible
plan for performing them.
Mr. RATHBUN said he would take the liberty
of suggesting to the mover of the resolution that
the committee also be directed to inquire whether
any improper or corrupt influence had been used
or attempted, on the part of any member or other
person, with a vie w to affect the action of the Door-
keeper in his appointments.
Mr. HOUSTON, resuming, said that if there
really had been any improper interference and tam-
pering with tlie Doorkeeper, he, for one, should
feel rather ashamed that it should be brought to
light. [A laugh.] He had himself had nothing
to do with any such proceeding, either since or be-
fore the election of that officer ; and unless it was
very outrageous and undeniable, he had rather it
should not be exposed.
Mr. MeCLERNAND said he should vote for
the resolution of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. McKay,] because he desired, if practi-
cable, to retrench the expenditures of the House.
He had not been in favor of the resolution moved
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. G. W.
Jones,] because he believed it to have been based
quite as much on a mere personal object as on any
regard for the public good. He had ever believed
that this whole movement originated rather in a
desire to get a blow at the Doorkeeper, than in any
viewof accommodating the public service.
Mr. BOYD here rose and said that his motive
had not been personal, nor could be, because, aa
he had repeatedly stated, when he went for the re-
solution he did not know the man who had received
the appointment. Iiis sole purpose had been to
effect, if possible, a better arrangement of the busi-
ness in the folding-room.
Mr. MeCLERNAND resumed. So much for
the explanation of the gentleman from Kentucky,
to all which he had nothing to say. He had risen
not to discuss the subject, but to say a few words
in vindication of the Doorkeeper, and to perform
a duty which he owed him from the relation sub-
sisting between that gentleman and himself. He
had had nothing to do with the exercise of the pa-
tronage confided to that officer, whether before his
election to office or since; but he knew him well,
and he knew him to be an honorable, high-minded
man, and utterly incapable of contamination or
corruption from influences such as had been insin-
