1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10T
established a Republican Government. The prin-
ciple that a majority of the people shall rule lies
at the foundation of our system. This is the
essential doctrine of Democracy. Has any one
proposed to reverse the theory of our Government,
and deprive the majority of their power? Until
the attempt is made, this endless vindication of
democratic principles seems like a waste of elo-
quence in anticipation, and a display of patriotism
purely hypothetical.
There are two theories of Democracy, as wide
asunder in their nature and tendency as darkne^
and light, or false and true religion. Thelirstwas
exhibited to our admiring view by the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Chipman-3 It is the Democ-
racy of ignorance: and he informed us, in melan-
choly accents, that education is the chief cause of
the warfare waged upon it. Light and knowledge
appear to him as the arch enemy of the faith.
This species of democracy seeks to govern man-
kind through the ignorance of their understanding
and the blindness of their passions. It flatters
and stimulates the worst of human vices, and
wars upon all that is most valuable in human so-
ciety. It seeks to array man against man, class
against class, adopted against native, poor against
nch, and lets loose all the elements of the Suite in
fierce wailure upon each other. It is a monster
of hideous mein, in its onward course scattering
abroad envy, jealousy, hatred, discord, and dis-
content.
" Some rushed rock's hard entrails gave thee form,
« Arid racing seas produced thee in a storm."
Hut there is a principle of democracy, or popular
liberty—call it what you will—of diviner origin,
more attractive in its fonn, more benign in" its
teachings, moie noble in its aims. It seeks to ele-
vate, to purify, to inform—to promote the liberty
and happinessof mankind, by inspiring them with
a juster sense of their rights, their responsibilities,
and their true destiny. It unites the diversified
parts and concerns of human society c< in one com-
pendious whole," from the greatest variety evolv-
ing the most beautiful uniformity. It aims to
perpetuate freedom, by making men capable of
self-government; proving its faith by ifs works,
without vain-hoasiing or pharisaical professions.
It dares to admonish the people of their faults,
and to warn them of the dangers to which man is
exposed from ignorance, from evil counsellors,
and from the unrestrained license which too often
desecrates the name of liberty. It venerates law
and order, " as the ark of safety,5' and_ looks to
popular intelligence as the only foundation of ra-
tional liberty. This is Whig' democracy; which
maintains truth and right through evil as well as
good report; which seeks to preserve and not de-
stroy, and which is destined in good time to spread
happiness, contentment, and prosperity over the
face of our glorious land.
Mr. H. said he hardly knew whether to be more
amazed or amused at the terrific denunciations of
Native Americanism which had been heard from
the opposite side of the House. It was certainly
interesting to hear gentlemen denounce a faction
from which they have derived the sole advantage,
and yet more strange that they should endeavor to
hold the Whigs responsible for a movement which
turned the day against them. He wished to deny
emphatically, once for all, that the Whig party, so
far as he understood its sentiments, is in any sense
connected with the Native American party in its
organization, that they arc in favor of its single doc-
trine, or have endeavored to advance its purposes.
On the contrary, they have had too much cause to
regret its existence. In regard to this matter he
intended to speak in candor, in a spirit of justice 1
to both parties, desiring only to correct some mis- j
representations, which have been made in the !
course of the debate. The truth is, that neither j
party is exclusively responsible for Native Amen- |
canism, 'but" each has contributed a portion of its
numbers. He asserted, however, without fear of !
contradiction, that, as a ggfieral fact, and in all ma- |
terial points, the Whig party were the principal J
sufferers, and the dominant party the only gainers \
from the organization of this new party. The ex-
ceptions are too few to weaken this general posi-
tion. It is not material to trace the origin of this
third party, and he would not enter upon it fur-
ther than had been made necessary in self-defence,
and in vindication of the truth of history.
He had always understood and believed that in
the city of New York nativism had its origin in
the disputes of the Tammany party concerning the
division of the spoils. Certain Native Democrats,
coveting offices and employments, which had been
conferred on naturalized citizens of their own par-
ty, renounced their allegiance, and proclaimed a
new party to be called the Native American. The
continual appeals of the dominant party to foreign-
ers, as such, by which large numbers of them were
imbodied as a class, the frauds in naturalization,
and a feeling of discontent in regard to municipal
affairs, greatly facilitated the movement. Hun-
dreds and thousands, including many of great
worth in both parties, inlisted under tins new ban-
ner. They moved forward with a popular, though
temporary impulse, till the city, which had given
a Democratic majority for a series of years, elect-
ed the Native American ticket by a majority of
several thousands. How this was done without
the aid of some portion of the Democratic party,
may be one of the wonders of modern Democracy.
How was it in Philadelphia? There, unless he
was greatly misinformed, most of the prominent
"Native American leaders1' came from the ranks
of the Democracy. Several had been named to
him in proof of the fact. Certain it is that the two
Congressional districts now represented here by
membeis of that party weic previously Democratic
by decisive majorities. Of the six districts now
represented by Native Americans, four were pre-
viously Democratic. How was if Accomplished
without the aid of Democratic votes? Yet it had
been asserted here that the Whigs and the Native
Americans are identical, and that they are acting
in common. How was it in Baltimore? When I
heard the vehement philippic upon nativism from
the member from that city, [Mr. Giles,] I could
with difficulty persuade mvself that it was the Na-
tive mo\ement which produced his election,-and
deprived the Whii;s of the invaluable services m
this Congress of the able and patriotic Kennedy.
Such, however, is the veritable fact.
Though the remark may not be applicable to
, every local result, I have asserted that on agen-
j era! scale the Whio-s have been the exclusive suffer-
ers from the organization of the Native American
party. On this point, I thank my colleague [Mr.
Cxkover] for the frankness of his admission, that
the movement in Philadelphia, and the seeming
conjunction between the Whigs and the Natives
in the Octobcr election, changed the result in New
York, and enabled you, by the vote of our Stale,
to elect Mr. Polk to the Presidency. I wish to
add my testimony to the truth of his assertion.
To that unfortunate coincidence in October do we
owe it that the Whig cause was borne down in
1844, and that you gained the triumph which so
many who contributed to it have lived to deplore.
Thousands of adopted citizens were Whigs in
principle, and earnestly labored for the success of
Whig measures. The result in Philadelphia
changed the result. They were told, with a plau-
sibility which proved convincing for the moment,
that the Whigs and the Natives were identical,
and that our success would be but the prelude to
their disfranchisement. Under this apprehension
many who are opposed to all your measure gave
you their votes, and turned the scale. It was one
of those unforeseen accidents which you know how
to seize, and which always operate in your favor.
Then why affcct to deplore the playful eddies in
the political waters which saved your barque from
shipwreck? Why tantalize the Whig party with
having erected the bridge which carried you safely
over?
But it is no agreeable retrospect, and I will
dwell upon it no longer. That the great body of
both political parties'in the country are firmly op-
posed to the doctrine of exclusion contended for
ny the Native American party, I sincerely believe.
I hope the attempt will not be persevered in. No
good can come of i(, and to my mind it threatens
unqualified mischief. It can only serve to kindle
the prejudices of the emigrant, and place him more
entirely under the sway of the demagogue. It has
been repeatedly asserted, in the course of the pres-
ent debate, that the Whigs are hostile to foreign-
ers, and that the Democratic party are their natural
friends and allies. I deny the truth of the impu-
tation and the justice of the claim. It was unne-
cessary to be told that you assume to be the ex-
clusive friends of the alien, the poor, of all men in
general, and every man in particular who has a
vote to bestow. But I indulge a conviction that
the time is approaching when tlie foreigner and the
poor man will pause to contrast the overflowing
promise with the lean performance. What mea-
sure or principle of your party is calculated to pro-
mote the welfare of the laboring man, whether na-
tive or foreign born? The emigrant comes hither
in search of honest employment. The tariff of
1842, which protects the industry of the laborer
on our own soil in preference to the labor of Eu-
rope, is of more value to the hardy foreigner than
all the glowing professions which can be lavished
upon him in exchange for his vote. The Whig
policy of public expenditure in the improvement
of internal navigation confers a more substantial
blessing on the honest emigiant than the largest
quantum of flattery and blarney. When you shall
have destroyed the protective policy, and estab-
lished a specie currency under the sab-treasury
system, the laboring men of our country, no mat-
ter whence they come, will be ground down 44 be-
tween the upper and the nether millstone."
The Whig party will continue to move forward
in its high mission with a firm step, an unbroken
front, an erect and unsubdued spirit, turning
neither to the right hand nor the left. E\er ready
to co-operaie in support of all measures tending to
promote the welfare of the country, from what-
ever quarter they may emanate, it will enter into
no " entangling alliances." Animated by a sin-
cere desire to preserve our institutions in their pu-
rity, we shall struggle on in defence of the Consti-
tution and the laws, contending for the honor and
prosperity of the nation, and the just rights of the
people. Intent on these high and patriotic purpo-
ses, the Whigs of the Union will not be diverted
fiom the path of duty and safety by the formation
of any new party on collateral or subordinate
questions.
During the spccch, Mr. CHIPMAN rose to ex-
plain; he wished to correct a misrepresentation of
his remarks when this subject had last, been up.
He had then said that men were by nature Demo-
crats: and if any were Whigs, they had been made
so by education. He did not say by knowledge:
but by warring against the designs of Omnipo-
tence. [Great laughter.]
Mr. HENLEY also, m the course of Mr. H.'s
remarks on the causcs of the late defeat of the
Whig party, asked Mr. II. whether, at the last
session of Congress, he had not attributed the suc-
cess of the Democratic party to the Abolitionists,
whilst now he attributed it to the Native vote?
To which inquiry, Mr. H. replied, that the ope-
ration of all these third parties had been very simi-
lar in producing the result.
When Mr. H. had concluded—
Mr. DOUGLASS obtained the floor, but, after
some conversation, and at the request of several
members, gave way.
THE CUSTOMS IN TEXAS.
And the Hotise took up the bill (from the Sen-
ate) entitled 14 An act to establish a collection dis-
trict in the State of Texas, and for other purpo-
ses. "
Which said bill was read a third time and
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following Petitions and Memorials were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. WRIGIIT: The petition of Eh Merrill, for re-
lief, in the matter of a land pension : referred to the Com-
mittee on Piivate Land Claims.
By Mr. MACLAY. The memorial of Stephen Allen,
Saul Alley, and others, praying for the establishment of a
branch mint m the city of New Yoik: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce
By Mr. RATHBUN • Three petitions, signed by 200 per-
sons, citizens of Cayusra and Wavne counties. New Yoik,
foi the improvement of the harbor of Little Sodus: refei red
to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. TXBBATTS: The petition of Mrs. Sarah Ham-
mond, widow of John Hammond, deceased, praying that a
law may pass allowing to her a pension, commensurate
with the services of her husband m the revolutionary
war
By Mr WHEATON* Remonstrance of 173 citizens of
the towns of Dewitt and Spafford, Onondaga countv, N<ny
York, against the annexation of Texas as a State to this
Union, with a constitution which shall recomise slavery
By Mr. HENLEY. The petition of George Bowpimaster
and 117 other citizens of Indiana, asking a mail route !rom
Bowling Green to Point Commerce, m Indiana; also the
petition of Mrs Eunice Buckman, of Washington countv
Indiana, praying a pension on account of the revolutionaiy
services of her late husband, Benjamin Buckman, who
