"184.5.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
■Which was read the first and second time byunani-
mous ^consent, and, with the report of the Secre-
tory 0{ theTreasury, of the 9th instant, in relation
tc> Suspended pre-emption land claims in Louisi-
ana ,• was. referred to the Committee on Private
E.aftd"Claims:
Orf motion by Mr. H. JOHNSON, it was
t. Ordered,- That the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, relating to suspended land claims in
Louisiana, be printed.
- ' RESOLUTIONS.  
Mr. SEVIER presented the following resolu-
tion; which lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of grant-
ing five years' pay to Mrs. Mary Jane West, wid-
ow of Lieutenant James West, who died in the
public service in 1834.
FLORIDA COURTS.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire and report to the Senate
whether any legislation by Congress is necessary
with respect to the proceedings of the superior
courts of Florida sitting as Federal courts since the
3d of March, 1845.
Mr. W. said that a great difference of opinion
had existed as to the authority of the judges of
the superior court of Florida to exercise jurisdic-
tion as a Federal court since the admission of the
said State into the Union. Although their right
to do so had been questioned, they continued to
exercise this jurisdiction; and it had become very
important' to obtain the decision of Congress on
the subject. For the purpose of inquiring upon this
subject the resolution was offered, and lie asked
that immediate action might be taken thereon.
JNo objection being made, the resolution was
agreed t.o.
Mr. H. JOHNSON offered the following resolu-
tion, which, under the rale, lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of an appropriation for the purpose of constructing
a canal from the Mississippi river, at New Orleans,
to Lake Pontchartrain, so as to afford a direct com-
munication to steamboats from the western coun-
try to tho fort proposed to be erected on Ship island,
•with a view to the military and naval defence of the
southern frontier of the United States.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented, for the consider-
ation of the Senate, the following resolution, which
lies over: ,
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to eausc to be communicated to the
Senate copies of the, correspondence between the
Attorney General and the Solicitor of the Treasury,
and the judicial officers of the Territory of Flori-
da, in relation to the authority of the Territorial
judges as Federal judges, since the 3d of March,
'1845.
Mr. BAGBY presented the following resolution,
which lies ccer:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing more adequate defences of tho port and
harbor of Mobile.
OREGON.
Mr. HANNEGAN called up the following re-
solutions submitted by him yesterday:
t. Resolved, That the country included within
the parallels of 42° and 54° 40' north latitude, and
exonding from the Rocky mountains to tire Paci-
fic ocean, known as the Territory of Oregon, is the
property, and part and parcel of the territories of
the United States. .
2. Resolved, That there -exists no power in this
Government to transfer itsSSoil and the allegiance
of its citizens to the dominionj authority, control,
and subjection of any foreign power, ponce, state,
or sovereignty.
3. Resolved, That the abandonment or surrender
of any portion of the Territory of Oregon would
be an abandonment of the honor, character, and
the best interests of the American people, .
The motion having been agreed to, and the reso-
lutions being under consideration,
Mr. -HANNEGAN stated that his object in
; calling up tire resolutions was merely to request
of the Senate that a day should be fixed for their
consideration. He would name Monday next, or
Monday week, and wished that they might be
made the special order for such day as might be
agreed on. The Senate was now thin, and he had
no desire to press them at present.
Mr. ARCHER suggested that these resolu-
tions were of great importance; and, as they re-
quired much deliberation, it would be better to
prolong the time, in order to afford the Senate and
the country opportunity to consider them. He
hoped the Senator from Indiana would agree to
postpone their consideration to a later period, not
earlier than the end of January, and to have them
printed.
Mr. HANNEGAN was willing to make them
the special order for the third Monday in January;
and, accordingly, he made this motion; but with-
drew it at tho request of
Mr. CALHOUN, who stated that, without any
design to oppose the motion, he was desirous to
make a few remarks preliminary to offering ceitain
resolutions which he had prepared, and which he
proposed to submit, as an amendment to the reso-
lutions of the Senator from Indiana. Although he
could not consent to give his support to the reso-
lutions nov/ under consideration, he was glad that
they had been brought forward. Whatever ob-
jections might he urged against them, they were at
least direct, open and manly in their character.
They denied m direct terms the authority of this
Government to make a treaty by which any por-
tion of the territory lying between latitudes 42° and
54° 40' should be transterred to any foreign Power;
and denounced, as he understood thuu, by impli-
cation, tile proposition wlue'h had already been
made by tin: President of the United States to set-
tle the existing difficulty by adopting the parallel of
the 49th degiee of latitude. It', therefore, it shall
appear that a majority of the Senate sustain these
resolutions, it will be clear that the question can
only be settled by force of aims; and that no peace,
should war be commenced between the two coun- |
tries, can ever be obtained, but by our dictation at !
the cannon's mouth. The vote on these resolu-
tions, therefore, will draw a broad hue, which can-
not be misunderstood, between those members of
the Senate who desire to settle the question by a
resort to arms, and those who are disposed to con- !
tinue the pacific course of negotiation.
Pie was for a pacific course of procedure, for an
adjustment of the question, if possible, by negotia-
tion ; and, with these views and impressions, he
had prepared a set of resolutions directly opposite
in their character to those of the Senator from In-
diana, which he desired to submit, with a request
that they should be printed as an amendment to
those resolutions. He would take this occasion to
state what would be his coursc: he was for peace,
so long as peace can be preserved without a sur-
render of our national honor ; for continued nego-
tiation so long as there may be a possibility of an
adjustment by negotiation ; and, if after every
effort to preserve peace between the two countries
shall have been exhausted, war must ensue, he de-
sired that we should occupy a position in which the
omis of a war would be thrown from our shoulders
and be cast upon Great Britain.
He desired to express his approval of the course
of the Administration in making, under all the
circumstances, an offer to adopt the 49th degree
as a boundary line. It was his sincere wish to
continue to eo-operate with the Executive. The
Executive desires peace, and it was his (Mr. C.'s)
wish to preserve peace so long as it can be honor-
ably preserved. Whenever it shall be found that
no effort which we can, consistently with the honor
and interests of the country, interpose, will avert
the evil, and that war must come, he would never
be found in a position antagonist to that which
every honorable mall mustoecupy. Even, although
the war should be the result of our own improper
course, still, when it shall appear that it cannot be
averted, he would stand by his country. But if
war should come, it will be no common war.
While he would give every support to his coun-
try, he would hold those responsible by whose
rashness it had been provoked.
Whenever these propositions came up for dis-
cussion, lie hoped that they would be discussed m
a becoming spirit, and in tnc calmest manner; and
if, when its true grounds are clearly seen and un-
derstood, we come to the conclusion that we can
avoid War^ that we shall, by our course, invite a
continuance of our peaceful relations; while, on
the other hand, should we decidc that a rupture
of those peaceful relations is unavoidable, that we
shall iTufke wise and prompt preparation, and en-
ter into the contest with the united vigor and energy
most likely to ensure a successful issue.
He would conclude by offering the following
resolutions, as an amendment to the resolutions of
the Senator from Indiana:
Strike out all after the word " Resolved," and
insert—
That the President of the United States has the
power, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to make treaties, provided two-thirds of the
Senate present concur.
Resolved, That the power of making treaties
embraces that of settling and fixing boundaries
between the territories and possessions of the Uni-
ted States and those of other Powers, m cases of
conflicting claims between them in reference to the
same.
Resolved, That however clear their claims may
be in their opinion to the country included within
the parallels of 42° and 54° 40' north latitude, a.nd
extending from the Rocky mountains to the Pacific
ocean, known as the Territory of Oregon, there
now exists, and have long existed, conflicting
claims to the possession of the same between them
and Great Britain, the adjustment of which has
been frequently the subject of negotiation between
the respective Governments.
Resolved, therefore, That the President of tho
United States has rightfully the power under the
Constitution, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, provided that two-thirds of the
members piesent concur, to adjust by treaty the
claims of the two countries to the said ternteiry,
by fixing a boundary between their respective pos-
sessions.
Resolved, That the President of the United
States, in renewing the offer m the spirit of peace
and compromise, to establish the 49th decree of
north latitude as a line between the possessions of
the two countries, to the said territory, did not
•' abandon the honor, the character, or the best
' interests of ihc Ameiican people," or exceed the
power vested ill him by the Constitution to make
treaties *
Mr. HANNEGAN said that tlie first two prop-
ositions of the Senator from South Carolina would
not, he presumed, be contested by any one. All
that is stated in the two first resolutions was cor-
rect. He, for one, would certainly make no ob-
jection to them. The residue of these resolutions,
however, presented matter for serious considera-
tion, at least with him, for they came in conflict
with the principles which he, in his resolutions, had
laid down. He wished, at present, to make a few
remarks in reply to the distinguished Senator from
South Carolina. The Senator said the resolutions
which he (Mr.H.) had introduced, by implication,
at any rate., conveyed censure on the President of
the United States. Sir, (said Mr. H.) I had no
intention to cast a censure on the President.
Mr. CALHOUN explained. He did not accuse
the Senator of censuring the President. He had
merely said that, by implication, they cast a cen-
sure on the President, because lie whs willing to
surrender a portion of the Territory of Oregon;
but stated that such would be the effect of the
resolutions.
Mr. HANNEGAN resumed: He so understood
the Senator. But the Senator would riot deny that
the whole aspect of the question had been changed
since the proposition of the President, by the per-
emptory, and almost contemptuous, refusal of the
British Minister. If it were not so, he was a free-
man , as well as the President of the United States;
and although he had ever been his political friend,
and ever expected to be so, yet, if the President
on any occasion or occasions assumed a position
which he could not endorse, he had the right, and
would maintain it—as well here as at home—to
express his sentiments, without intending, desiring,
or wishing to convey any censure. He represent-
ed the same people that the President did, nnd, as
such representative, he had a right to express his
views on all questions pertaining to the Govern-
ment. tie repeated, that he meant to convey no
censure on the President. The Senator said that
the resolutions were plain ond direct, coming at
once to the point, and that the adoptiou of (hem,
if he understood them, would necessarily involve
us in a war. Now, if the adoption of the resolu-
tions, which contained the immutable principles
