110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 30,
of truth, should bring war onus, let war come!
What American was there who, through fear of
war, would hesitate to declare the truth in this
Chamber? He, also, was for peace; he shrank
hack from the thought of war as much as could
the Senator from South Carolina. He loved peace;
hut if jt were only to be maintained on degrading
and dishonorable terms, war, even of extermina-
tion, would be far preferable. The Senator said,
that if war once was commenced, peace could only
be made by our dictation atthecannon'smouth. He
(Air. H.) proclaimed, if war with Great Britain
should arise, for the possession of Oregon, he, for
one, wished never to sec it settled by arbitration, un-
til we arbitrate it ourselves, and at the cannon's
mouth dictated the terms of peace. The Senator
said, or implied, that by the couise we are pursuing,
01- by the couise which he (Mr. H.)pursued, we are
to be plunged rashly into war. If it was rashness m
the representatives of the people to assert the rights
of the country, and this rashness should produce
war, for which they who supported these resolu-
tions should be helu responsible, he, for one, did
not fear the responsibility. There had been a sin-
gular course pursued on ihis Oregon question, and
with reference to which he must detain the Senate
a moment, it contrasted so strangely, so wonder-
fully, with a precisely similar question—the an-
nexation of Texas. "Texns and Oregon were born
the same instant, nursed and cradled in the same
cradle—the Baltimore Convention—and they were
at the same instant adopted by the democracy
throughout the land. There was not a moment's
hesitation, until Texas was admitted j but the mo-
ment she was admitted, the peculiar friends of
Texas turned, and wore doing all they could to
strangle OregonBut 1 he country were not blind,
ordeal'. The people see, they comprehend, and
lie trusted they would speak. It was a most sin-
gular state of things. We were told that we must
he careful not to involve ourselves in a war with
Falkland on a question of disputed boundary.
There was a question of disputed boundary be-
tween us and Mexico ; but did we hear, fiom ihe
sfinse quarter, any warnings against a collision u nh
Mexico, when we were about to consummate the
annexation of Texas? We weie told by those who
knew something of those matters, that the Nueces
was the proper boundary of Texas! And how did
thev find the friends of Texas moving on that oc-
casion? Did we, for a single instant, halt 011 the
banks of the Nuee.es? No: at a single bound
we crossed the Nueces, and the blasts of oui trum-
pets, and the prancing of our war-horses, weic
heard 011 the banks of the llio Del Norte, one hun-
dred miles beyond. Nearly oue hundred miles of
disputed territory gives no cause for a moment's
hesitation! Thcte was 110 negotiation then, so far
as Mexico was concerned : we took all. But when
Oregon is brought into question, we are called on,
as an act proper and right, to give away a whole
empire on the Pacific, if England desire it. He
never would consent to a surrender of any portion
of the country north of 49°, nor one foot, by treaty
or otherwise, under 54° 40'.
A'ir. CALHOUN said he merely rose to allude
to a single remark which applied to himself per- ;
sonaliy. The Senator from Indiana had endeavor-
ed to draw a contrast between his (Mr. C.'s)
course upon the Texas question, and his course
upon this. The views which governed me (said
Mr. C.) upon that question, govern me also upon
this. I pursued in reference to Texas what I con-
ceived to be the best course. If I acted boldly
and promptly on that occasion, it was because
boldness and promptness were necessary to suc-
cess. It was the golden opportunity; and one
year's delay would have lost Texas to us forever.
If I am for more deliberate measures on this oc-
casion, it is not because I am not a friend to Ore-
gon. On the contrary, Oregon has no better friend
than myself; there is no one who would venture
more to save it. But it is asked why I do not
pursue the same course of action as in regard to
Texas. If the gentleman will refer to my remarks
in 1843, he will find that the views which governed
me then are the same with those which govern
me now. I believe that precipitancy will lose
you Oregon forever—no, not forever; but it will
lose you Oregon in the first struggle, and then it
will require another struggle hereafter, when we
become stronger, to regain it.
I will not go into this question now; I am pre-
pared, when it comes up for discussion, to show,
if argument can show, that the principle involved
in these resolutions, so far from gaining Oiegon,
will for the present lose every inch of that terri-
tory; and it is on that account, as much from the
fear of losing Oregon as from the desire of avoid-
ing war, that I have proposed amendments to the
Senator's resolutions. It is for this reason that I
am opposed to the resolutions. Sir, if my advice
had been pursued u e should nevei have been in-
volved in this controversy at all. I now act under
circumstances not produced by myself, and I will
do the best I can to save the Territory of Oregon,
which I hold as valuable as the Senator fiom In-
diana himself can do. If you mstitue a com-
parison between Oregon and Texas, I would say
that the former is us valuable to us as the latter,
and I would as manfully defend it. If the Senator
and myself disagree, we disagree only as to the
means of securing Oiegon,and not as to its impor-
tance. Sir, I intended to say nothing; about cen-
suring the President; 1 simply said that, by impli-
cation, a censure would be conveyed. I do not
suppose that the Senator intends to reflect upon
the President; but there can be no difference, as
fur as the principle involved in this question jh
concerned, between the circumstances when the
proposition for a division at the lbny-ninth paral-
lel was made and now. It was us sensible then to
make, the offer as it would be now.
Air. HAYWOOD said that, after having given
a great deal of attention to the subject, he had ar-
med at the conviction that it did not become the
Senate to interfere in the matter at present. lie
hod a reasonable confidence in tin1 President, and
inasmuch as the Constitution of the country had
conferred on him the power of conducting the ne-
gotiations, therefore, unless he saw proper to call
1111 he ciid of the Senate, or until the Senate thought
it incumbent on them to nd\iM> him to sum nd<-r
all negotiations, and the subject should b<: trans-
ferred to the Senate legitimately, and the hlxeui-
tn e should ha\ e washed his hands of it, ho thought
the Senate would be acting improperly to interfere
in ihe matter. Put when once, legitimately trans-
fern d to the Senate, he would then be ready, in
the love of country and the fear of Cod, to take
part in the settlement of the question. But until
men he should oppose all proceedings which would
have the ellect, eitherof censuring or of lauding the
President pending the in gou.itions. In making
this remark he did no! mum any more than what
the Senator fiom South C.uolina himself meant in
reference to the original resolutions—namely, that
a censure might be understood to he conveyed by
implication; that the passage of a resolution de-
claring it a violation of honor to surrender any
part of Oregon was an implied censure upon the
President, who had authorized a proposition for
such surrender.
lie was, 011 this ground, advcise to the original
resolutions, and he was quite as much opposed to
the amendments, because they might be considered
as conveying a speoiex of praise winch he was not
prepared to administer to the Picsident. When
the question should come up hereafter, he intend-
ed to make a motion which would, if it prevailed,
picciude ail further proceedings upon the subject.
He intended to move that the whole subject be
laid upon the table.
Air. CALHOUN disclaimed any intention of
lauding the President; nor did he accuse the gen-
tleman from Indiana of any intention to censure
him. He had only said he approved the course of
the President in offering the forty-ninth parallel.
It was very certain, however, that the sense of the
Senate, when taken upon the original resolutions
and the amendments, would show very clearly the
views entertained with reference to the settlement
of the Oregon difficulty. 'Those \vho agreed with
the honorable mover of the original resolutions
would reject all further negotiations; those on the
opposite side would be disposed to continue the
negotiations. That was the whole amount of the
matter; and his sole reason for moving the amend-
ments was that the sense of the Senate might be
fully taken.
Mr. ARCHER said it seemed to him to be a
matter of no great importance what disposal the
Senate might finally make of the two propositions
now before them. The main object he desired had
been obtained by the debate of this morning. He
merely rose at this time for the purpose of express-
ing his profound satisfaction at the course taken
by the distinguished Senator from South Carolina,
He had had occasion to express his views upon
the subject heretofore. He came here imbued with
apprehension, but he hailed the attitude taken by
the Senator as an undoubted omen of peace; and
from his place here he proclaimed the glad tidings
to the country. And why? They of that side of
the House would now find on the other side mem-
bers enough to sustain them in the ground which
they were going to take.
Sir, (said Air. Archer,) when I speak of peace,
I disdain to say that the word means any other
than an honorable peace. If it be possible that
there are any in this Senate who aie willing to
make any sacrifices of national honor, they will
not, after such u delinquency, dare to exhibit them-
selves in the face of the popular indignation which
will meet them on all sulcs. Sir, the good and bad
men here, if there be any of the latter description,
will equally be found to concur in this. But who
ever heard until a few days ago that the honor of
the country was involved? Was not President
Jackson sensitive enough for the pieservation of
the honor of the country? During the eight years
of his administration it was thought no dishonor
that the Government should allow a question of
this natuio to remain at rest. What has produced
so gieat a change now? Are we more sensitive of
public honor than ail those who have gone before
us ? Are wo more sensible of the public honor than
our predecessors in the government of this coun-
try > Sir, there is no dishonor in the further con-
ducting of pacific negotiations. Nay, in my opin-
ion there will be more honor in continuing the
negotiations than m interrupting; them bv hasty
ami ill-advised conduct upon this floor. "VVhut is
the aspect, which we should present to the country,
supposing the ease reversed, and the question
brought up in the British l'nrliament, and language
of insult and contumely indulged in, simitar to the
terms we have used hero* Would any of us under
the imitations wluch would miturally'be produced
by such language, be disposed to listen to concilia-
tory teinis t i'ponec* We ought not. then, to do
that which, if done by others, we should be dis-
posed to resent as the highest indtgniiy. Lotus
apply this argument to ourselves. If we seize
every occasion, at the commencement as well as in
the progiess of tiie controversy, to heap every sort
of contumely upon our adversaries, what are we
to expect at their hands? Why, that thev should
refuse all just conciliation. Not that I believe
our adversary would not accede to any just prin-
ciple of settlement, but that the language we use
011 this floor is well calculated to thwart that
course.
Sir, I repeat, it is not for the purpose of enter-
ing into an exposition of any opinions of my own
that 1 now address you. Let the proceedings of
this morning go abroad, as they of course must
do, and they will be hailed as an omen of peace;
and ihat peace cannot foil to be secure unless we,
by some egregious act of folly, disturb the rela-
tions at present existing. The controversy can
be terminated, and with honor to the country, in
the progress of further negotiations, unless pre-
vented by the temper of our proceedings here. I
believe as firmly as I do anything which exists
that such will be. its termination.
Sir, I am indifferent, whether the resolutions be
now laid upon the table or discussed at large. And
I put it to Senators on both sides of the Chamber,
how can it possibly be of any importance5 Sup-
pose the resolutions should be laid upon the table,
m conformity with the motion of the Senator from
North Carolina, does he suppose that will inter-
rupt the progress of the discussion of the subject?
Discussion must come, and I hope it will come;
for I am gratified to find that it will now be carried
on under circumstances not calculated to produce
a similar degree of alarm in the country to that
which a debate a few' <mys ago produced.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said that the Senator
from North Carolina had stated it to be his inten-
tion to move to lay the whole subject on the table.
And he assured that honorable Senator, that when-
ever he thought proper to make that motion, he
should receive one other vote besides his own.
He agreed with the Senator from North Carolina
that the subject ought to be laid on the table. In
his opinion, it was highly proper, while negotia-
tions were pending, that the Senate should abstain
from the discussion of this question, except in
executive session. If the motion of the Senator
from North Carolina should prevail, he hoped
