v THE CONGRESSIONAL GI.OBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JANUARY 5, 1846.
New Series....JNo. 8.
The following bills were read a third time and
passed:
A bill to organize a company of sappers, miners,
and pontoniers;
A bill to repeal an act to abolish the office of one
of the Inspectors-General of the Army, &e.
The following resolutions, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Cass, were considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the exr~J —
of constructing a ship-canal around the falls at the
Sault St. Marie, in tne State of Michigan, with a
view to the military and naval defence of the north-
western frontier of the United States.
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of fixing a period of age beyond which no officer
in the army shall be called into active service
during war; and, if they consider such a measure
expedient, then to consider also the regulations
proper to be adopted to effect the object.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 30, 1845.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
" THE FOLDING-ROOM.
The Select Committee heretofore ordered to be
appointed on this subject was announced, as fol-
lows Messrs. McKay, Boto, Ct. W. Jones,
Grover, and McClernand.
Mr. BOYD, on his own motion, was excused
from sewing; and another member was directed to
be appointed in his stead.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
The SPEAKER announced the order of the
day—the resolutions of the General Assembly of
the State of Massachusetts for such amendments
to the naturalization laws as will protect the ballot-
box and the elective franchise from abuses and
frauds.
The ponding questions were : first, on a motion
of Mr. Levin to refer the resolutions to a select
committee, with instructions to inquire whether
any, and what, alterations are required in the ex-
isting naturalization laws; and, second, a motion
made by Mr. Brodhkad, that they be referred to
the standing Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HENLEY said he wished to introduce a
resolution appointing a time at which the debate
on the subject should terminate.
Mr. DOUGLASS said the House could at any
time close the debate by the previous question, or
the adoption of such a resolution as tile gentleman
from Indiana wished now to introduce, and which
he could move hereafter.
The SPEAKER said that, under that rule of the
House which directs that petitions, memorials, and
other papers addressed to the House " shall not be
' debated on the day of their being presented, nor
' on any day assigned by the House for the re-
' ceipt of petitions after the first thirty dap of the
' session, unless where the House shall direct
' otherwise, but shall lie on the table, to be taken
' up in the order in which they were presented,"
the debate on these resolutions would terminate
this day, it being the thirtieth day of the session,
unless the House should otherwise determine.
Mr. HENLEY, although he considered his re-
solution a privileged proposition, would abstain
from offering it.
Mr. DOUGLASS said that the point to which
he should address the few remark's he wished to
submit to the House, was contained in the instruc-
tions moved by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Levin] for the select committee, directing them
to inquire whether any, and what, alterations are
requisite m the existing naturalization laws. His
objection to these instructions was this : that they
implied the existence of a power in Congress to
prescribe the qualification of voters and to punish
frauds on the ballot-box. Mr. D. said that he
was ready to go as far as any man could reason-
ably desire in the exercise of any constitutional
privilege or power to correct frauds, not only upon
the ballot-box, but on the naturalization laws, or
any other laws of the United States. But while
he neld it a matter of great importance to guard the
ballot-box against corruption, he believed it equal-
ly important that Congress should refrain from the
exercise of powers which by the Constitution were
reserved to the States. He conceded to Congress
the fullest power to establish naturalization laws :
respecting that, there could be no question; for the
power was expressly given in the Constitution.
But he denied that naturalization included the
power of voting. He denied that a right to vote
was one of the prerogatives of a naturalized citi-
zen, either here or in any country on the globe.
The privileges of naturalization and of voting were
as entirely separate and distinct from each other as
were the Federal and the State Governments. Na-
turalization did confer the right of citizenship, and
citizenship included the right of protection, the
right to sue in the courts in time oi' war, the right
to hold real estate, the right to receive property by
descent, the right to transmit it, and various other
rights which it was not necessary particularly to
designate. This was the extent of naturalization,
as it existed in England previous to our separation
from the mother country, and as it existed here be-
fore and at the adoption of the Constitution. The
term was then distinctly understood. It was as
clearly and accurately known by the framcrs of the
Constitution as the term " bankruptcy" or " mari-
time jurisdiction," or any other legal term which
they inserted in the Constitution; and when they
gave to Congress " power to establish a uniform
system of naturalization," they used the term both
in the popular and the legal sense which it bore at
tlic time.
Mr. D. said ho was sustained in this position by
a reference to the debates of the convention by
which the Constitution was framed. If gentle-
men would examine those debates they would find j
that a proposition was then distinctly brought for- I
ward to establish uniform rules of voting as well |
as a uniform system of naturalization and of bank- ,
ruptcy. The convention entered on a considera- 1
tion of the subject deliberately, and fully discussed
it, and finally settled it as it now stood m the Con-
stitution. It was found by them that the moment
they entered on such a subject innumerable incon-
sistencies and difficulties presented themselves,
which it was impossible to reconcile or to remove,
from the fact that the old thiiteen States were each
an independent commonwealth, having a constitu-
tion and laws of its own, and each prescribing the
qualification of voters according to its own plea-
sure.
These prescriptions and enactments were as va-
rious and as numerous as the States themselves:
in some of the States negroes were allowed to
vote on a perfect equality with white persons;
others, whose tastes were different, denied to the
colored population tine right of voting at all; some
States adopted a property qualification, while others
refused and repudiated all such restriction. _ Some
States required citizenship as a pre-requisite to
voting, while others again threw wide open their
doors to the friends of liberty from every clime,
even before they were naturalized. The conven-
tion found that delegates coming from these various
States were all zealous for the usages which pre-
vailed in their own States; they were resolutely
tenacious each of his own State regulation in this
matter, and could not be brought to any compro-
mise. Southern members could never think of
letting their negroes vote side by side with them-
selves, while gentlemen from the North were quite
as resolute in refusing to permit the colored people
from being deprived of the right; and so with re-
spect to all the other differences—the diversities
were as various and as numerous as the States rep-
resented, After long and eager discussion, the
convention found either that the design of framing
a constitution must split and be finally shipwreck-
ed on this rock, or that they must come to some
compromise. They adopted the latter alternative,
and the result was now found in the second section
of the first article of the Constitution, which reads
as follows:
" The House of Representatives shall be com-
1 posed of members chosen every second year by
' the people of the several States, and the electors
' in each State shall have the qualifications requi-
' site for electors of the most numerous branch of
* the State Legislature."
The question as to the qualifications for voting
was thus remitted, orrather reserved, to the States,
each being left to settle it according to its own
views. That each independent State bad a right,
as such, to prescribe the qualifications of voters for
its own Legislature, was a proposition so self-evi-
dent that it had never been questioned. "When-
ever the State had exercised this right, and had
determined on what conditions its citizens should
vote for the most numerous House of the State
Legislature, the Constitution came in and declar< d
that the same class of persons should be entitled
to vote for members of Congress. For instance,
the State of New York had declared that free ne-
groes might vote for members of the Legislature,
provided they held a certain amount of property.
Then, under the Constitution, free negroes, hold-
ing that amount of property, might vote for mem-
bers of Congress in that State. South Carolina,
on the contrary, expressly prohibited negroes from
voting for members of her Legislature, and there
the Constitution came in and in like manner pro-
hibited ncgioes in that State from votmgfor mem-
bers of Congress. In Illinois and Michigan, and
in some other States, the State constitution confer-
red the right of voting on aliens, and there aliens
might, by the Constitution of the United States,
vote for members of Congress. The question was
as plain and as clear as truth itself. All argument
was unnecessary—nothing could render it clearer.
It was a question explicitly settled by the Consti-
tution .
And that instrument was no less explicit in rela-
tion to Presidential elections. Hear its language:
" Each State shall appoint, in such manner as
' the Legislature thereof may direct, a number of
' electors equal to the whole number of Senators
' and Representatives to which the State may be
1 entitled in the Congress; but no Senator or R.ep-
' resentative, or person holding an office of trust or
' profit under the United States, shall be appointed
' an elector."
Here, as before, each State exercised its own
sovereignty, and appointed in such manner as its
Legislature chose to direct, the requisite number of
electors of President. Virginia accordingly direct-
ed that such of her people as were qualified to vote
for other State officers might also vote for Presi-
dential electors; but South Carolina chose to direct
that the Legislature itself should appoint her elec-
tors. Would any gentleman deny her right to do
so, without any reference to the people, if such
was her pleasure? We might doubt, if we would,
the wisdom and justice and policy of such a State
arrangement; but the House was not now discuss-
ing the expediency or the wisdom or the justice
of such arrangements as the States had chosen to
make, but the question of its own constitutional
power to control or alter, or in anywise interfere
with, those arrangements. That it had no such
right was as clear as the sun. It was denied in
that sacred organic instrument which held the
Union together. Whatever the State laws were
on the subject of suffrage, the Constitution adopt-
ed and confirmed them. Congress might alter the
laws of naturalization, or might repeal them alto-
gether; they might extend the period of probation
to twenty-one years; they might, if they pleased,
adopt the Native American creed, with all its nar-
rowness and bigotry and selfishness and injustice;
but, do what it would, it never could reach the sa-
cred right of suffrage—that was reserved to the
States. The right to regulate the elective franchise
was the most vital and essential element in our
system of civil liberty; it formed in fact the basis
of our system of free government. It was reserv-
ed to the States by the Constitution, and this the
States well understood, and they defied and derided
all attempts of the Native American party to inter-
