114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 30,
fere with or to control its exercise'; and he trusted
every such attempt by the abuse of the powers of
Congress would meet with the rebuke which it so
justly merited. The principle was broader and
higher and deeper, and of more vital character,
than any which Mr. D. had seen imbodied in an
act of the National Legislature; to destroy it was
to strike at the Constitution itself. And it was un-
der this conviction that lie had sought to obtain
the floor, that he might enter a most solemn pro-
test against the remotest attempt to touch it.
Mr. D. said that he should not enter into the
question whether it would be good policy or not
to interfere with this right, supposing Congress to
possess the power. It was one of those things
which could best be determined by a regard to
local interests and local circumstances. States
situated two thousand miles from the Atlantic,
with a sparse population, and that population
almost exclusively agricultural, would naturally
regard this subject ill a very different light from
those who resided in our Atlantic cities; and any
rule constructed to suit those cities only would not
suit Indiana, Illinois, or Missoui i. And the present
state of the question showed how rightly the Con-
vention had judged when they determined to leave
the whole right of franchise to the exclusive con-
trol of the States alone, inasmuch as they could
best adapt it to the condition and feelings of their
people.
Mr. D. said he should feel himself constrained
to vote against the instructions proposed, and in-
deed, to vote against the appointment of any select
committee in the case. If referred, it belonged
appropriately to the Judicial y Committee. And
■why should it be taken from them? But this ref-
erence was objected to—and on what ground?
First, it was said that the question had been re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee at the last Con-
gress, and that that committee had done nothing
to remedy the evils complained of. But, on further
investigation during the debate, what had turned
out to be the fact? 'it was, that the committee had
investigated the subject, and fully reported upon
it, and had presented to the House a bill intended
to correct the alleged frauds, so far as the subject
of naturalization was connected with them.^ The
committee had fully discharged its duty; it had
done all which belonged to it, and all that was in
its power. If there, was any fault in the case, it
was the fault of the House, and of the House
alone. And why should an assumed neglect of
this committee of the last Congress (which ncglect
did never exist) be urged against a reference to a
committee of the present Congress, consisting of
dift'erentgentlcmcn ?
Other reasons—110, lie would not call them rea-
sons—but other arguments hail been urged why
the subject should go to a select and not to the
standing committee. The House was told that
the present Judiciary Commitiee was opposed to
any action, and had declared their unwillingness
to take the subject under their jurisdiction. He
-would ask whether that committee had ever de-
clared themselves opposed to a correction of abuses
in our naturalization laws, and against the preven-
tion of ft-auds in their administration? He be-
lieved not; he certainly had heard no such decla-
ration. He had, indeed, heard the chairman of
the committee say that he was opposed to Native
Americanism, and had no desire to administer on
its dead carcass, but hoped the bantling, Avith all
its beauties, such as they were, might be com-
mitted to the charge of its natural or unnatural
fathers. These might not have been his precise
■words, but they certainly expressed his idea, and
in that idea Mr. D. most heartily concurred. He
was glad that that respectable committee was op-
posed to taking cognizance of any question touch-
ing the right of foreigners to vote in our elections,
because it was a matter over which the committee
had no power whatever.
But then the House had been told that Parlia-
mentary law required that when a subject was re-
ferred, it should be sent to its friends, and not to
its enemies; that the lamb must never be given to
the wolf to nurse; and, as Native Americanism
had in this Hall but six advocates, the resolutions
should be referred to a committee of JNative
Americans. But here, too, the argument failed,
because there was not enough of them to make a
committee. But what sort of a Parliamentary
law would that be which would enable a minority
of six in such a House as this to settle the articles
of a political creed, and to proclaim it ex cathedra to
their- friends all over the country ? Mr. D. should
as soon think of gentlemen's asking a committee
to inquire into the l'ate and present condition of
the late Whig party, and move for a Whig com-
mittee because tjiey were its friends, as he should
of gran ting a similar committee to the Native
Americans to do the same tiling in respect to the
Native American party. Taking cognizance of
parties, and aiding in their organization or ad-
vancement, was a matter which did not belong to
Congress. Its members were not sent here for
any such purpose. If the Native Americans in
that Hall desired that the question of Native
Americanism be referred to themselves, that they
might have an opportunity of collecting and set-
ting forth their own account of riots and church-
burnings and murders, in order to palm off a one-
sided view of these facts, in order to prejudice the
victims of their lawless violence, Mr. D., for one,
was opposed to gratifying; them. If the House
choose to appoint a committee for such a purpose,
then it ought, in justice, to invite the Irish Catho-
lics here, that they, on their part, might have an
opportunity also to say who they wore that burnt
their churches and killed their women and chil-
dren, and who had been the first aggressors in
those dreadful scenes of riot and disorder. Mr.
D. did not intend to pass any judgment respect-
ing those riots; for riots in a city within a State
did not constitute a legitimate subject of inquiry
here, unless they had in some way been commit-
ted under the (government of the United States,
or its officers.
For these reasons he was opposed to granting a
select committee. And he luul one other reason,
and it was this: that these .Native American gen-
tlemen said that they wanted to show a connexion
of frauds on the naturalization laws with the cor-
ruption of the ballot-box. Cut such an inquiry
would be inconsistent with the powers of the Gen-
eral Government. If the inquiry should elicit
frauds ever so gross, Congress could not act upon
the mailer. lie would say to them, as he would
to the Abolitionists : If you have grievances to
complain of, go to your own Slate Legislatures;
address your petitions to those who have power to
act in the premises. If these Natives meant to
carry out their wholesale system of disfranchise-
ment, let them turn their batteries against the
States; let them go there, where they had a right
to be heard, but not come here, where there was
no jurisdiction, for redress.
Mr. D. hoped that the House, by its solemn
vote, would rebuke this attempt to impose upon
Congress powers which did not belong to it. These
gentlemen might rely on it that the .States would
never consent that Congress should interfere with
their State rights on the subject of suffrage. They
would but awake an opposition which never could
be overcome. It was the duty of the States to
resist sueh an attempt, and the people of the States
well understood ll. They stood ready to rebuke
every act which struck at their own reserved
rights; and the present was one of the most fla-
grant attempts to do so. If Congress could take
cognizance of the right of suffrage in respect to
foreigners, they could in respect to negroes; and
when once, that should be attempted, gentlemen
would very quickly find themselves treading upon
dangerous ground. Every man who wished to
keep separate the powers of the General and the
State Governments, and to preserve both in their
plenitude and vigor, must meet this question bold-
ly. He trusted this House would never consent
to cringe and to pander to this new political sect
by constituting them a committee upon their own
conduct, and giving them an opportunity of at-
tempting to wipe out, by a Congressional report,
that stigma which had become indelibly fixed to
them and their designs. The House might as well
appoint a committee of one to make a report
on abolitionism, and the same Parliamentary rule
about wolf and lamb might be invoked in that case
as in this. defied gentlemen to show any dif-
ference.
Mr. D., in conclusion, expressed his admiration
of the magnanimity of certain gentlemen who were
willing to grant the committee because of the
smallness of the party. He admired, too, the rea-
son given, viz.: that it might appear selfish in them
to deny it; but as no such reason operated with
him, he hoped the select committee would be de-
nied, and that the resolutions would be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, where they prop-
erly belonged.
Mr. BEDINGER said that it had been with
great diffidence, and not without some reluctance,
that he had prevailed on himself to take part in
the present discussion; and he should have avoid-
ed doing so could he have believed it to be in strict
accordance with liis duty. But, after what he had
heard, and after the turn which this debate had
taken, and especially after the enunciation of some
of the doctrines which had been avowed by the
advocates of the resolutions, and particularly after
the eloquent and beautiful remarks of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Levin,] whose ab-
sence he the less regretted as he meant to speak in
his praise, he was compelled to contribute his little
mite of opposition, not so much to the motion it-
self for a select committee, as to the sentiments
imbodied in the resolutions," and to the doctrines
avowed by their advocates. He had said that the
remarks of the gentleman from Philadelphia [Mr.
Levin] were beautiful and eloquent. John Ran-
dolph had once said on that floor that whoever
could hold that body in silent and respectful atten-
tion was an orator. Certainly, in John Randolph's
acceptance of the term, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania was an orator: for surely no man had
been listened to with more profound attention than
he; and while Mr. B. was listening to the streams
of eloquence which he had poured out upon the
House, the wish had risen from the bottom of his
heart, would to God that such noble efforts had
been put forth in a better cause; for he could not
but say that he entertained but a poor opinion of
the cause that gentleman advocated, believing it to
be unworthy of the heads, and, he hoped, of the
hearts also, of those who had witnessed such an
eloquent display in its favor.
Notwithstanding the confident prediction which
they had heard, that the course of this cause was
still onward, and that there was a spirit abroad in
all the hills and valleys of this broad land which
would laugh down all opposition to it, Mr. B.
would venture his own poor prophecy, and, if he
possessed any reputation, would venture it all on
the result, that when a few more winters-should
have passed over, and but a f<?w, more summers
come and gone, the cause would have -gone dowii
quietly to the tomb of the Capulets—would have
sunk to utter oblivion, to be heard of no more. It
must go down. And why? Not because it had
not giant arms reared in its defence, and not because
hundreds of worthy and excellent men had not de-
voted themselves to it heart and soul; no; but be-
cause it wanted the spiiit of vitality which alone
could render it immortal; because it was not based
on any one principle by which the condition of the
human race might be improved; because it was
selfish in its origin; because the voice of humani-
ty came out against it; and because it was without
justice or right to sustain it.
What did the gentlemen who advocated this
cause desire ? They wished so to modify our natu-
ralization laws as to extend the period of proba-
tion, and deprive foreigners coming among us
of rights which they now possessed, and thus to
check immigration. Their cry from one end of
the land to the other was, that the institutions of
the country were in danger from the prejudices
and prepossessions of that portion of individuals
amongst us whom we were pleased to call for-
eigners. Mr. B. should not argue this question
closely, however, lest he should be declared out of
order.
He had waited with the greatest patience for
facts from the gentlemen who supported the mo-
tion to refer, showing the truth of their allegation
that we were in danger from this class of individu-
als; but, after waiting patiently and long, he had
heard rhetorical flourish, and witnessed a profu-
sion of the flowers of fancy, but facts were not to
be produced. On the contrary, was not experi-
ence and the whole of our own political history
directly against the theory? Who were they who
had ever proved themselves the most ready to re-
sist foreign invasion, and to stand to their arms in
defence of the country and its Government? The
very class of men whom gentlemen were "here de-
nouncing. Heaven help him .if jejEM not from
his heart believe that, should ihe 3'arlc and threat-
ening spot upon our horizon swell into the thun-
der-cloud of war, an army composed of these very
emigrants from the Green Me might be thrown" by
us upon the shore of Britain, and would shake the
