1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
mistress of the world on her sea-girt throne. All
previous experience was against their doctrine.. It
nad been said, indeed, that these emigrants did not
come hither by choice; that it was not from any
love to our institutions they had forsaken the
encient and tottering despotisms of the East; but
from the hard pressure of necessity, flying before
the -strong hand of starvation and misery at home.
The House had been eloquently and impressively
told that no man willingly expatriated himself;
that no human being ever from choice forsook the
haunts of his childhood and the graves of his an-
cestors. He granted it. But what was he told in
the very next breath ? That those who had been
driven out of their native land by the oppressions
of a tyrannical Government, and had come fresh
from the remembrance of its lash into this glorious
land of ours, where their souls were expanded and
elevated by the great principles of our Revolution,
looked back, nevertheless, with longing eyes to the
very despotism which crushed them; that they
were prepared to overturn or undermine our insti-
tutions, and rear the old system of oppression in
their stead, while the pain of the yoke was still
galling them! It was monstrous to suppose it.
It had been said, too, that this Native American
party had had its origin in a certain letter, written
by a ccrtain foreign demagogue to certain people
in a certain city of this Union; alluding, as lie sup-
posed to CTConnelPs famous letter. And should
it be said that because of a letter from a foreign
demagogue the American Government and people
must change their laws? Should the nod of an
Irish Jove, who could not thunder without the
brogue, intimidate us into an alteration of our in-
stitutions, in order to guard ourselves against ab-
ject slaves who trembled at his nod? No, never.
It was vain to deny that this country had been
greatly benefited by the good will, the capital, and
the exertions of foreigners. Our whole history
was filled with the proofs of this. The character
of Lafayette had been ably and eloquently alluded
to. Let him remind gentlemen of another name,
which, though now it seemed well-nigh forgotten,
was well worthy to he remembered: it was the
name of the venerable Baron De Kalb—a man who
had left his own country to fight our battles, and
who, for us and for our liberties, met death on the
plains of Camden, covercd with eleven wounds.
The historian informed us that years after that
event, when the Father of his Country visited that
portion of the Union, he inquired for the grave of
Dc Kalb, and when it was shown him, stood long
in silent meditation over it, and then with a sigh
broke forth in these memorable words: "So there
* lies the brave De Kalb—an illustrious man, who
' left a foreign land to fight our battles and to water
4 with his blood the tree of our national liberty:
' would to God he had lived to enjoy and partake
4 of the fruit." While listening to the useless and
ungracious clamor raised against the foreigners
amongst us, Mr. B. called up in imagination the
revered figure of the Father of his Country stand-
ing over the grave of De Kalb, marked by no
monument to tell of his virtues or claim a mourn-
ful tribute to his fate, but buried deep in the rank
grass, and covered with the waving green corn.
Mr. B. again repeated that he had no apprehen-
sions of danger from these our adopted citizens;
and when he heard gentlemen speaking as though
they were anxious to receive no more of them
upon our shores, he hoped lie should not be con-
sidered as trifling with a solemn subject, if he de-
clared that it reminded him of the case of a re-
spectable old maid, who, after having all her life
been glad to borrow a washing-tub from her neigh-
bor, had at length that usefld article of domestic
industry presented to her, and, in the fulness of
her fjoy, exclaimed, " Well, well, I hare been bor-
rowing all my life, but from this time forth, with
the blessing of God, I'll neither borrow nor lend."
Could gentlemen perceive no analogy between the
cases? We had all been foreigners once, unless,
indeed, like Randolph, of Roanoke, we had de-
rived our descent from the aborigines, and through-
out all our national existence had been well
pleased to borrow aid from abroad; and now that
we were become strong, and able to stand alone ;
now that we had procured a tub of our own, were
we going, Diogenes like, and swear we would nei-
ther borrow nor lend ?
No, the danger to our institutions did not spring
from this class of persons : but might there not he
men among ourselves—God grant they might be
few—who, in the hope of personal advantage, and
to advance the schemes of personal ambition, would
not refuse to plunge their daggers into the Consti-
tution? There were political Goths among us who
would destroy our Government and tear down the
fairest fabric ever reared by human hands, for the
sake of the fragments—the disjecta membra—of
brass and of iron of which it was composed: like
those Romans who could rejoice that a body was
cast on the funeral pile, because they were to
inherit the wretched garments it had worn. Yes,
there might be such men amongst us, but credit
him, they were not to be found among the natu-
ralized Americans. Let gentlemen look for them
in other quarters, and throw in their safeguard else-
where : our real, our most threatening dangers
proceeded from a party on whom foreign influence
worked wonders ; who looked with eager anxiety
to all that passed on the other side of the water ;
who listened for the nrowhngs of the British lion,
and trembled at his every snarl; who gathered
their motives of action from abroad, and who look-
ed to a foreign land for all they desired or hoped—
a party who could justify foreign interference in
American affairs, who could see nothing wrong,
nothing to deprecate, nothing to resent, when
Great Britain and other European Poweis stretch-
ed out their hands to meddle with negotiations
betwecu sovereign .States, and set limits to our
acquisition of territory; a party who could look
quietly on, or smile and applaud, when the Govern-
ment "of Great Britain, with armed hand, could
cram a poisoned drug down the throats of a weak
and unoffending people, and, when the injustice
was resisted, could crush that resistance amidst
seas of blood and carnage. Tins was the quarter
from which our danger wo? to cume, if come it
ever should.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, said, that but for
the eloquent remarks wlueh had just fallen from
the gentleman from Virginia, he should not have
troubled the House, having cherished the hope
that the present debate would come to a speedy
termination. Mr. S. had felt pleasure in perusing
the account given by Wcenus, m his Life of
Marion, of the patriotic and feeling maimer in j
which the Father of his Country had expressed j
himself on visiting the spot where the brave De j
Kalb was now sleeping; and the sentiments to j
which Washington had given utteiance found a
ready response in his own bosom. But he felt it
his duty to add one fact to the information pos-
sessed by the gentleman m relation to the grave of
which he had so eloquently spoken. It was true
that the remains of Dc Kalb now slept within the
limits of South Carolina, in a spot near Camden;
but it was not tine that these sacred ashes slept
without a memorial to mark the spot where they
were laid. Over these precious remains the patri-
otic feelings of the people of that State had reared
a becoming token of respect for his memory. For
this their design, the happy moment was seized
when Lafayette was passing in grateful triumph
through this land, and received in his progress the
hospitalities of South Carolina. At that time, and
in lus presence, the corner stone of a sepulchral
monument was laid, which luid since been reared
to the memory of the brave warrior who, fighting
bravely for the land of his adoption, fell, alas! too
soon to witness her deliverance. The monument
had since been completed, and now stood a wit-
ness alike of his fame and of the gratitude of that
country; and it proclaimed to posterity in what
manner South Carolina was likely to receive this
newfangled doctrine of Native Americanism.
Pie had risen principally to make this explana-
! lion; but since he was up, he would add one or
' two remarks on the subject more immediately be-
| fore the House.
The question was on the reference of certain
| resolutions of the Legislature of Massachusetts,
, which had been presented here by a respected
> Representative of that State. From a careful ex-
I animation and study of these resolutions, Mr. S.
j had come to the conclusion that it was improper
■ they should be referred at all. Should they be
referred, they would receive a destiny other than
that intended for them by their autfiors. They
were, in fact, resolutions of instruction to the Sen-
ators, and of lequest to the Representatives in
Congress from that State; they were not directed
to this House, nor did they appeal to Congress
for any answer. The resolutions first pointed out
what the Legislature regarded as mischiefs con-
nected with the naturalization laws; and secondly
claimed the agency of her Representatives in ob-
taining a remedy. The Governor furnished copies
of them to gentlemen here, with a request that
they would use their best efforts to effect the pur-
poses there indicated. As resolutions from a State
Legislature, they were entitled to so much respect
as "that the House should hear them read, and
then silently lay them on the table as their proper
destination. This was the most which that House
could be asked to do, and the resolutions them-
selves asked of the House nothing more.
On the main subject the House had been very
eloquently appealed to by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Levin.] It was not Mr. S.'s
purpose to indulge in any declamation by way of
reply. "He should content himself with following
the argument which that gentleman had elaborated
through a long train of elegant and eloquent and
highly-finished declamation. Mr. S. would first
condense and then endeavor to answer the argu-
ment. The argument, stripped of drapery, was this:
that foreigners should not be admitted to a partici-
pation in American citizenship under a period of
twenty-one years, because they consisted of the ig-
norant pauper population of Europe, and weie not
intelligent and wealthy like Lafayette. The whole
argument camc to that; and it presented three dis-
tinct considerations: First, they were ignorant;
secondly, they were poor; and, thirdly, they were
foreigners. When dissected and eviscerated, this
was the whole matter. He would briefly examine
it. As to ignorance and poverty, they were as
predicable of our own people as of these, and
they presented an objection equally strong against
our own citizens exercising the right of sufl'iagc,
unless they were neither ignorant nor poor. The
argument came to this, that wealth and education
ought to govern the masses. And what was this
but the exploded heresy which produced the strug-
gle of our Revolution ? It was but the revival of
principles and practices which we had ever resist-
ed. If it should prevail, it was to establish in this
country the dogmas of European tyranny, whose
maxim it was that high birth, education, and the
possession of property, ought by right to govern
the masses of the people. Now, he was very sine
that neither the gciuleman from Philadelphia, nor
any of those who acted with him, would con-
tend for the principle to this extent; yet that was
in fact his argument, and to that complexion it
must come at last. Because these people were
both ignorant and poor, they were to be excluded
from citizenship with us. How so? Evidently
because wealth and science were to govern the
masses here as they did in Europe, and of course
were to direct and control their labor. The sys-
tem resulted in this: it put the civil rights and the
labor of American people at the control of capital
and science combined. Such was the doctrine of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and to state Ins
argument was to answer it.
It was said that it would be impossible to eradi-
cate from the breast of foreigners the notions and
associations of their youth, so that they should
not cast a longing and a lingering look back upon
the scenes of their childhood. This was true; for
who could ever forget the placc of his birth, the
sacred associations of his earliest years, or the
sweet remembrance of his childish pleasures ? It
was the instinct of Nature; lo root it out was an
impossibility. Through all the scenes of busy
manhood this fair dream more brightly or moie
dimly contiifued to follow us. It was Nature, and
Mr. *S. would not attempt to reverse her decrees.
But the answer to the objection was twofold: First,
it rested on a false conception of the nature of citil
government. There were two sorts of government
existing in human society—the government of the
family and civil government. Family government
lestcd for its efficiency and its happiness on the
feelings of the heart; but civil government rested
on an entirely different element of our nature—it
was founded on considerations of justice. This
was the foundation on which all stable government
rested. Men submitted themselves to government
mainly for the purpose of obtaining and securing
justice. It was no sickly dream of childhood-
recollections, but a stern reality of actual life.
While in the soft twilight a man with melting bo-
som might indulge his memory and his feelings in
the holy contemplation of the "delights of his early
yeais, he clung beneath the glare of day to that
which secured to him justice and extended over
