120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 31,
The following resolution, presented yesterday
by Mr. Bagby, was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing more adequate defences of the port and
harbor of Mobile.
The following resolutions, presented yesterday
by Mr. Haywood, were adopted;
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
inquire into the expediency of establishing the
warehouse system for the storage of imported
goods, in connexion with the revenue system of
the United States; and that said committee shall
have power to report by bill or otherwise.
Resolved, That so much of the report of the
Secretary of the Navy of the United States as
refers to the commerce of the United States, be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The Senate then adjourned, until Saturday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. i
Wednesday, Pecember 31, 1845. !
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved. j
ESTIMATES OF APPROPRIATIONS. j
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways
Arid Means, reported the following joint resolu-
tion:
lie it resolved by the Senate mid Iloxise of Represen-
tatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause the estimates of appropria-
tions, which he is by law required to prepare and
submit to Congress, to be printed, and copies of the
same to be delivered to the Clerk of the House
of Representatives in time for distribution at the
commencement of each session; and that the Clerk
distribute the said estimates in the manner in
which documents printed by Congress are direct-
ed to be distributed.
The resolution was read the first and second
time.
Mr. McKAY said the Committee of Ways and
Means were of opinion, in reporting this resolu-
tion, that, if adopted, it would lead to a great
saving of time and to the shortening of the ses-
sion. They had now been in session one month,
and the annual estimates of appropriations which
the Secretary of the Treasury was required to lay
before the House had only been laid before them
in a printed form this morning. By one of the
standing rules of the House, the Committee of
Ways and Means were required to report the ap-
propriation bills within thirty days from the com-
mencement of the session. Only six days now
remained of this time for the Committee of Ways
and Means to examine these estimates of appro-
priations, The object of this resolution was to
require that the annual estimates should be print-
ed during the recess, or at least that they should
be laid before the House at the commencement of
the session, so that the committee might at once
proceed to their consideration, so far as the esti-
mates of the public money were concerned.
The resolution was then read a third time and
Mr. GORDON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Joseph Kimball;
which was twice read and committed.
Mr. G-.. from the same committee, made an un-
favorable report in the case of William Brook and
other citizens of Illinois, for compensation for prop-
erty destroyed by the Sac and Fox Indians in 1832:
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOGE, from- the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report on the petition of Mary
W. Harrison, executrix of Benjamin Harrison:
laid on the table.
Mr. POLLOCK, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report on the petition of Lyman
King : laid on the table.
Mr. P., from the same committee, reported a bill
for the relief of Charles Benns; which was twice
read and committed.
CANAL-—FALLS OF ST. MARY'S.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported, without amendment, the bill
making an appropriation for the construction of a
ship-canal around the Falls of St. Mary's, at the
outlet of Lake Superior.
The bill was then committed to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
COLLECTION DISTRICT OF CHICAGO.
Mr. McC., from the same committee, reported,
without amendment, the bill to establish the collec-
tion district of Chicago. Read three times succes-
sively and passed.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. TIBBATI'S, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred sundry memorials
from various ports of the western section of the
United States, praying Congress to make provi-
sion for the purchase of the stock held by individu-
als and corporations in die Louisville and Portland
Canal, and to make the canal free of toll, made a
report thereon, accompanied by a resolution for
the purchase and free navigation, without toll, of
said canal; which report was committed to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of die Union.
HARBORS AND RIVERS.
Mr. TIBBATTS, from the same committee,
reported a bill making appropriations for the im-
provement of certain" harbors and rivers; which
was read the first and second time.
Mr. T. moved that the bill be committed to the
i Committee of the Whole on the state of the
! Union.
! Mr. CROZIER inquired of the Speaker whether
it. would now be in order to move to recommit the
bill with instructions.
The SPEAKER replied, that the motion to com-
mit to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, being a privileged question, would take
precedence.
Mr. CROZIER inquired then if it would not be
in order to instruct the Committee of the Whole to
report certain amendments to the bill ?
The SPEAKER replied, that it was not compe-
tent for the House, under its former usages, to in-
struct the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and that the gentleman would attain his
object by moving the amendments which he wished
in committee.
Mr. CROZIER, Mr. GENTRY, Mr. WIN-
THROP, and Mr. G. DAVIS, respectively sug-
gested to the Speaker that the motion was in order,
and that there were various precedents for it.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF suggested to the gentle-
man from Tennessee that his object would not be
furthered at all by this movement; but that his ob-
ject would be effected most readily by proposing
the amendments which he wished in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER, on a brief examination of the
question, reconsidered his decision, and pronou need
the motion to instruct the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to be in order.
Mr. CROZIER then moved his instructions,
which were, that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union be directed to amend the bill
by inserting therein a clause making an appropria-
tion of #100,000 for the improvement of die Ten-
nessee river.
Mr. C. was proceeding to support his motion,
when an earnest appeal was made to him not to in-
terrupt the reports from other committees which
yet remained behind.
Mr. C. replied that he was fully aware that
those committees were very desirous of getting
their turns under the rule, but it was not without
reflection that he had made the motion now sub-
mitted, and believed he was in order in addressing
to the House some considerations in favor of its
adoption. He perceived in the bill which had just
been reported liberal appropriations to different
weslern rivers—some for the Mississippi, some for
the Missouri, and others for the Red river, and
others for Arkansas river. How these estimates
came before the committee he was at a loss to un-
derstand; for m the President's Message at the
opening of the session no mention was made of
western rivers at all, unless indeed they Were "un-
derstood to be included under the phrase " inland
seas." This Mr. C. considered, to say the least,
as a modem phrase, if applied to the rivers of our
country, but possibly the committee might have
so understood it; and if that was indeed its mean-
ing, then he must insist that the Tennessee river
was quite as much an "inland sea" as any of
those included in the bill. And he was the more
surprised at its omission,"because thesubjcct of its
improvement had been expressly referred to the
committee, while these other rivers had not been.
Mr. McCLELLAND here rose to explain, and
was understood to say that a report had been made
by Colonel Abert, from the engineer corps, in re-
lation to the improvement of the Mississippi, &c.,
which report had been referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, at whose request it had after-
wards been sent to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CROZIER resumed, and said that he then
supposed that the report mentioned these particu-
lar rivers by name : if it did so, and at the same
time omitted the Tennessee river, the report was
guilty of gross injustice, A similar omission had
been made last year, and elicited great complaints
in that part of the western country which was in-
terested in the subject. He had hoped that the
injustice would have been corrected at the present
session, and it was precisely because his constitu-
ents thought they had been badly treated in the
matter, that he had seized upon the very first mo-
ment which presented itself to bring the subject
before the House.
He admired the zeal which had been displayed
by other gentlemen in favor of the Mississippi, the
Mil srari, and the other rivers mentioned m the
bill. They had done perfectly right in pressing
the claim of those important streams on the notice
of the committee; but he considered the Tennes-
see river as a stream, of quite as great importance
as most of those rivers, and even of greater conse-
quence than some of them. In urging its impor-
tance on die House, he did not ask gentlemen to
rely merely on his own testimony. He was sup-
ported by the official opinion of one of the first
engineers of the country, ail extract from whose
report he would take the liberty to read. [Mr. C.
here read at considerable length from a former re-
port made by Colonel Long, of the United States
Topographical Engineers, in which that gentleman
spoke of the improvement of the Tennessee river
as equal in importance with that of any river in
the West. He referred-, also, to another report
from the same authority in relation to the location
of a WeBtem armory, m the course of which the
same river was referred to, and its importance
dwelt upon as forming a part of a great national
thoroughfare between Charleston and the Western
States.] Mr. C. commended the foresight and pen-
etration of the engineer, ill having predicted im-
provements which had since been actually realized;
for railroads had since that time been constructed
from Charleston, from Augusta, and ft-om Savan-
nah, to within thirty-five miles of the Tennessee
river, at Chattanooga. In this improvement, all
the Southwestern States, as well as Indiana and
Illinois, were more immediately or more remotely
interested; because the commerce from Indiana
and Illinois, if enabled to ascend the Tennessee
river to Chattanooga, would at that point meet the
nearest and most direct route to Charleston, Sa-
vannah, and other cities on the seaboard. The ob-
structions in the Tennessee river constituted, in
fact, the chief obstacle between those States and
the ocean.
Mr. TIBBATTS here called Mr. Crozier to
order. He had no disposition to deprive that gen-
tleman of an opportunity to speak in favor of the
object he had in view; but he must insist that any
discussion of its merits was at this time out of
order. As the amendment which he had proposed
involved of necessity an appropriation of money
to carry it into effect, it must, aecording to the
rules ef the House, be first discussed in Commit-
tee of the Whole. .
Mr. GENTRY contended that Mr. Crozier was
in order; but, after some discussion of the point of
order—
The CHAIR decided, according to the sugges-
tion of Mr. Tibbatts, that the discussion of the
amendment must first be had in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. CROZIER said that, in order to avoid the
difficulty which had been raised under the rule, he
would modify his motion so as to omit any specific
sum, and leave the resolution in blank ; but . ■
The CHAIR considered this , as an improper
evasion of the rule, and decided that even m this
form it would not be in order to discuss it at pre-
sent.
Mr. BOYD suggested that the gentleman might
recommit the bill, with instructions to insert- wis
amendment.
Mr. TIBBATTS appealed to Mr. Crozier, as
