1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
being friendly to this bill, not to embarass it by
pressing his amendment.
Mr. CROZIER said he disliked very much to in-
terrupt the course of the bill; but as other gentle-
men had interested themselves for other States, he
considered it equally his duty to press the interests
of Tennessee. He would, however, move to lay
the bill and the motion of reference, for the present,
on the table.
On this motidn, Mr. TIBBATTS asked the yeas
and nays, which were ordered.
Whereupon Mr. CROZIER withdrew his mo-
tion, and moved to recommit the Taill to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, with instructions.
The CHAIR decided that such a motion was in
order, but that the question would first be on the
original motion of fir. Tibbatts to refer the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
After some further discussion on order—
Mr. HAMLIN observed that there were two
propositions, first on reference and then on instruc-
tion.
The CHAIR said the question could be divided.
Mr. HAMLIN inquired whether he could speak
to the reference ?
The CHAIR deciding ingthe affirmative—
Mr. HAMLIN said he was in favor of both
committing and instructing, because he believed it
one of the best modes of killing the bill forever.
He desired to call the attention of the House and
of the country to this mode of proceeding.
Mr. CROZIER here called Mr. Hamlin to or-
der ; insisting that, if it was out of order for him
to enter on the merits, it must be equally so for the
gentleman from Maine.
The CHAIR said that it was out of order to
discuss the merits of the instructions, but was in
order to speak to the question of reference.
Mr. HAMLIN said he was desirous of tres-
passing on no rule of the House, but he desired to
call the attention both of the House and the coun-
try to the state of things presented by the report
of a bill of this character and magnitude. The
prospect was alarming. Mr. H. viewed this as the
inception of a grand scheme of internal improve-
ments, which was to deluge the country with the
expenditure of untold millions.
Mr. TIBBATTS called Mr. Hamlin to order.
If it was not in order to discuss the propriety of
the measure, it must be equally out of order to dis-
cuss its impropriety.
Mr. HAMLIN said he was not discussing it, he
was merely referring to a fact.
Mr. TIBBATTS insisted that he was out of
order, and could not proceed.
Mr. HAMLIN said he had no desire to travel
out of the strict line of order; he merely called the
attention of the House to the appropriations in the
bill, but had not discussed them.
[A voice : You certainly did denounce them.]
Mr. H. insisted that he had not denounced a
single item in the bill, but had only invoked the
attention of the House and of the country to them;
and he now perceived, from the feverish excitement
manifested by the gentlemen all around him, that
he could not be mistaken in his apprehensions. It
was an incipient measure in agreat system, involv-
ing a vastly greater expenditure than that which
appeared on the face of the bill, for he doubted
whether a single work of internal improvement
could be pointed out the completion of which had
not cost a much greater sum than had at first been
appropriated.
Mr. TIBBATTS again called Mr. Hamlin to
order. The gentleman was discussing- the bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD spoke to the point of order,
and called for the reading of the rale of the. House,
which required all bills and resolutions appropri-
ating money to be first discussed in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. BOYD inquired of the Chair whether, if
the House should instruct the Committee of the
Whole to amend the bill by inserting this appro-
priation, it would afterwards be competent in the
committee to strike out the amendment?
The CHAIR said that would be for the commit-
tee to decide.
Mr. TIBBATTS demanded a division of the
question, so that it should be put first on commit-
ting the bill and then on the instructions, and he
moved the previous question on the whole.
On this moticn Mr. GENTRY demanded the
yeas and nays
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, demanded whe-
ther, if the previous question was seconded and
carried, it would cut off the instruction ?
The SPEAKER replied that it would.
A nd the question being on seconding the motion
for the previous question, the vote stood: Yeas 61,
nays 51.
No quorum having voted, tellers were demanded
and ordered.
And the question being taken by tellers, the ayes
were 75, the noes 44. So there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be taken.
Which main question was on the commitment of
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. GENTRY rose to order, insisting that the
previous question did not cut off the motion to in-
struct.
The CHAIR replied that such had been his own
personal conviction, and he had formerly so decid-
ded, but his decision had been reversed by the
House; and in making the decision he had now
done, he had acted in conformity with the will of
the House then expressed.
Mr. GENTRY said that if the House had de-
cided wrong, it was time that they corrected their
own mistake. He thereupon took an appeal from
the decision of the House; and, after some con-
versation, demanded the yeas and nays on the
appeal.
But the House refused to order them.
Mr. McKAY asked for the reading of the former
decision of the Chair, which was read; when
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to lay the appeal on
the table.
On this question Mr. GENTRY demanded the
yeas and nays;
But they were refused by the House, and the
motion was carried.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
And the question then recurring on committing
the bill; it was agreed to without a count.
So the bill was committed to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
On motion of Mr. VANCE, it was
Ordered, That when this House adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet on Friday next.
PRIVATE.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Sem-
ington Buffenbarger, which was twice read and
committed.
LAND SALES AT CHOCCHUMA.
Mr. C. also reportod a bill to legalize certain
land sales made at Chocchuma and Columbus, in
Mississippi, and to indemnify the Chickasaw In-
dians therefor; which bill was twice read.
Mr. COLLAMER stated the propriety of prompt
action on the bill.
Mr. P. KING said he believed it contained an
appropriation of public money, and must therefore
be committed.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON did not think the
appropriation contained in the bill such as came
within the rules; it was merely to transfer money
from one fund in the treasury to another fund.
The report which accompanied the bill, as well
as the bill itself, was then read; when the bill was
committed.
VARIOUS.
On motion of Mr. THOMAS SMITH, the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands was discharged from
the memorial of the Legislature of the State of
Arkansas against the distribution of the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands, and it was laid on
the table.
Mr. ASHMUN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, made an adverse report on the case
of Mary Ann Brunei', and moved that it be laid on
the table.
Mr. McGAUGHEY moved that the report be
recommitted to the Committee on the Public Lands,
with instructions to report a bill for the relief of the
claimant. The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RELPE, from the committee on the Public
Lands, reported a bill to authorize the removal of
the land office from Jackson, in Missouri, to some
more central situation in the district: twice read
and committed.
Mr. MORRIS, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic lands, reported a bill to authorize the trustees of
Tymochtee township, in Wyandott county, Ohio,
to select lands for schools within the Wyandott
cession; which was twice read and committed.
APPORTIONMENT OP OFFICES.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to regulate the appoint-
ment of certain officers of the Departments of the
Government in the city of Washington, and for
the more general and equal diffusion of such offices
among the several States and Territories and the
District of Columbia; twice read and committed
to the Committee of the Whole one the state of
the Union.
LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr, RATHBUN, from the same committee, re-
ported a resolution directing the Clerk of the House
to purchase fifteen hundred copies of the 10th
volume of the Laws of the United States, recently
compiled and published, and to distribute the same
(except to members of Congress) to such offices
and officers of the Government as have received the
8th and 9th volumes heretofore published under
orders of the House of Representatives; the cost of
the said 10th volume not to exceed fr2 50 for each
copy.
Mr. WINTHROP thought this resolution re-
quired explanation. An act was passed last session
authorizing a subscription to the publication of an
edition of all the Laws of the United States, with
which this proposition would conflict, and he
thought it probable the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means [Mr. McKay] could give the
House information on the subject.
Mr. McKAY went into a long explanation as to
the origin and terms of the contract; from which it
appeared that there had been an order directed to
the Clerk to piepare and publish a tenth volume of
the laws here, which order had been subsequently
rescinded, and a contract entered into as stated by
Mr. Winthrop. He was understood to oppose
the proposition made from the Committee on the
Judiciary for purchasing the tenth volume, as lead -
ing to an increased expenditure.
Mr. WINTHROP went into further explana-
tions as to the details of the contract.
Mr. RATHBUN further explained the ground
on winch the committee had recommended the
purchase proposed by them.
The subject was further discussed by Messrs.
MILTON BROWN, WINTHROP, and RATH-
BUN, when it was finally disposed of by a refer-
ence to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
PRIVATE.
Mr. ST. JOHN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the heirs of Col. William Grayson. Twice read
and committed.
Mr. DANIEL P. KING, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the
relief of the heirs of Captain Presley Thornton.
Twice read and committed.
Mr. D. P. KING reported, from the same com-
mittee, that the heirs of William Pratt have leave
to withdraw their papers. Agreed to.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, reported a bill to regulate
trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes m the
Territory of Oregon, and to preserve peace and
cultivate friendship among the said Indians: twice
read, and committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON obtained leave, and
moved the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
cause to be communicated to this House the num-
ber of Indian claimants who applied for the allow-
ance of land to the Board of Commissioners or-
ganized in the State of Mississippi by virtue of the
act entitled "An act for the appointment of com ■
missioners to adjust the claims to reservations of
land under the fourteenth article of the treaty of
1830 with the Choctaw Indians," approved March
3, 1837, which act was continued in force until the
1st day of August, 1838, by an act approved Feb-
ruary 22, 1838) and also to the board organized
in said State, in pursuance of an act approved
August 23, 1842,ni relation to the same'subject;
the number of claimants approved, and the num-
ber rejected ; the quantity of land required to satisfy
