1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
128
Iributed, ought to be sent not to the ex-members,
who would have no p.ower to frank them, but to
the present members who could. The object was
distribution among the people of the districts. So
long as this object was secured, Mr. B. should be
satisfied.
Mr. CHIPMAN suggested a modification of
the motion, to this effect: that the new members
should receive the copies which the ex-members
would have got had they been re-elected, in order
that they might distribute them. With this view
he had prepared a resolution, by way of substi-
tute, which he read, and which proposed that one
copy should be reserved to the ex-member for his
own use, but that all the rest should be delivered
to the sitting members.
The question being taken on Mr. Wintiiiiop's
motion to strike out the word44 new," it was agreed
to.
The question then recurring on the motion of
Mr. Jacob Thompson, that in printing these copies
the plates and tables should be omitted—
Mr. STANTON stated that the type of the ta-
bles were sull standing, and the copperplates ready
to be printed. The saving of expense would
therefore be small, since nothing was needed but
press-work.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, replied, that it might
be very true that the forms of type were still stand-
ing; but if they were, it must be in the office of
Blair & Rives, the former printers to the House;
but, as Ritchie & Heiss were now the public print-
ers, the whole would have to be set up again.
Mr. GORDON suggested that if the plates and
tables were omitted in the new edition, the old
members would get the old edition, while the new
membeis got imperfcct copies of the new.
Mr. HOPKINS thought it better to print the
document entire, and lot a uniform copy of it go
forth to the public. There was a great demand
for it throughout the country, and he hoped it
would be circulated without mutilation.
Mr. SAWTELLE complained of a disposition
which seemed to manifest itself to refuse to new
members an equal participation m benefits enjoyed
by the old. He was willing to concede rights to
other gentlemen, but he claimed equal rights of his
own.
Mr. HUDSON made some remarks, which,
owing to his position, were almost inaudible at the
reporter's scat.
Mr. HAMLIN disclaimed anything like a want
of courtesy to the new members; he was incapable
of it. Yet still he must inquire what was the
reason the House should make a difference be-
tween this and all the rest of the documents print-
ed at the last session? For one, he could not see.
It was known to them all that Captain Fremont was
now out making further explorations in the West,
and a report of his proceedings might be expected
before the close of the session. It would of course
be ordered to be printed. But did gentlemen ex-
pect that a subsequent Congress would order new
copies to be printed for any new members that
might then be elected! He presumed not. And,
though he admitted this report to be a valuable
document, he thought the report of the Commis-
sioner of Patents of no less value. Why not,
then, reprint that also? He understood that each
copy of this document would cost four dollars.
Were gentlemen ready to incur this expense ? For
one, he was not. Nearly half the volume was
taken up with astronomical tables and long lists of
the names of plants; these might be useful to men
of science, but were of little consequence for gen-
eral distribution. He was not in favor of the reso-
lution; but, if it did pass, he hoped that these por-
tions of the report would be omitted.
Before any final question was taken, the House
adjourned till Friday, at twelve o'clock.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following Petitions and Memorials were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. CALEB B. SMITH: The remonstrance of Dudley
Wil'letts aTul 2'3 uthuis, citizen* of Indiana, against the ad-
mission of Texas as a slave State. Also the remonstrance
of Mary FertriH and 26 other females, citizens of Indiana,
against the admission of Texas as a slave State.
By Mr, IIUNGERFORD: The petition of inhabitants of
Niagara county, New Yoik, for the improvement of ahar-
boi at J 8 Mile Creek, on Lake Ontario: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
By Mr, CATHCART: The memorial of 750 citizens of
Indiana, praying Congress to pass an act for the protection
of the settlers upon the lands purchased of the Miami In-
dians, in Indiana.
By Mr. MOSELEY: Four several petitions of ciuzens of
Bufi'alo and Irvine, New York, for an appropriation for a
light-house, and to complete Cattarau-rusharbor. Also a peti-
tion of citizens of Buffalo, New York, for an appropriation
for a harbor at Martanwoe aver, Wisconsin. Also a re-
monstrance of ciuzens of Eden, Erie eounty, New York,
acainst the admission of Texas as a slave State.
~ By Mr. REID: The petition of Elizabeth Tays, piaying
the payment of certain moneys due her grandfather, Robert
Smith, for revolutionary services: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims
By Mr. JAMES B. HUNT: The remonstrance of the citi-
zens of Bloomfield, Oakland county, Michigan against the
admission of Texas to this Union as a State, with a consti-
tution which establishes and perpetuates slavery and the
slave trade.
By Mr. SAWYER: Sundry petitions for the improvement
of the Maumee bay.
J3y Mr. GILES : The petition of Henry Adams and Catha-
rine his wife, legid representatives of Francis Zock, prny-
mg for compensation for property destroyed m the public
service in the year 1814: referred to the Committee of
Claims. .. ^
By Mr RUSSELL: The remonstrance of 218 citizens of
Malone, Franklin county, New York, against the annexa-
tion of Texas as a slave State. AHo the petition of Pliny
Pierce, of Warren county, New York, asking foi an increase
of pension: referred to tho Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Also the petition of George Pierson, of Saranae, Clinton
county, New Yoik, for relief: leferred to the Committee of
Claims.
By Mr. ST. JOHN • The petition of P. O. Brown and
othei citizen* of Wyandott county, Ohio, asking the passage
of a law authorizing tho sale of the residue of the Wyandott
reserve, in the aforesaid county, at what it may bung over
two doliais and fifty cents per acre. The petition of E, Wil-
liams and sixty-three other citizens of Crawford county,
Ohio, asking an appiopnation to improve the Maumee river,
in said State. The petition of Isaac Miller and 58 other
citizens of Ohio, praving the extension of the pte-empnon
laws over the lands lately purchased of the Wyandott In-
dians, in said State. The petition of Nathan J. Fay and 48
other citizens ol Wood eountv, Ohio, asking an appropna-
tion to improve ihe Maumee nvci up to the rapid-.
By Mi- W. HUNT The lemonstrancc of 53 citizens and
ladies of Hartland, New Yoik, against the admission of
Texas as a slave State
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 2, 1846.
Tho Journal of Wednesday was read and ap-
pro\ cd.
Mr. MILTON BROWN introduced to the House
Mr. Enwiw H. Ewing, member elect from the
Stale of Tennessee, vice Joseph II. Peyton, de-
ceased, who was qualified and took his scat.
The SPEAKER, by consent, laid before the
House a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting the annual statement of the
Second Comptroller, in accordance with the pro-
visions of the net of May 1, 1830, &c.
On motion of Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON, laid on
the table and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Clerk thereof, transmit-
ting a statement of the officers in his department:
laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
OREGON.
Mr. CUNNINGHAM rose, and asked leave to
offer the following resolution; which was read for
information :
Whereas the rejection by the British Govern-
ment of the liberal proposition lately made by the
President of the United States to compromise and
settle the respective claims of the two countries to
the Oregon territory, has terminated all negotiation
on that subject:
And whereas,by the extraordinary and inadmis-
sible demands of the British Government, it is
made manifest that no compromise which the Uni-
ted States ought to accept can be effected :
And whereas the title of the United States to the
whole of the Oregon country included within the
parallels of 42° and 54° 40' north latitude, and ex-
tending from the Rocky mountains to the Pacific
ocean, " is clear and unquestionable,;" and that
any further attempt on the part of the United States
to settle such title by a surrender of any portion
of said country would be a surrender of the honor,
the dignity, and the true interests of the American
people :
Therefore, be it resolved, That it is the imperative
duty of Congress immediately to adopt such mea-
sures as will fully protect our citizens who now do,
or may hereafter, inhabit that country, and effec-
tually maintain our just title to the whole of the
country of the Oregon.
The resolutions having been read,
Mr. I. E. HOLMES rose, and said that they
were of an important character, and he asked,
therefore, that they might be again read.
Mr. McKAY rose and objected.
Mr.HENLEY and Mr. WENT WORTH moverl
a suspension of the rules to enable Mr. Cunning-
ham to offer his resolutions.   , .
Mr. WINTHROP and Mr. COLLAMER asked
the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES rose, he said, to a privileged
question. He was now called upon to vote on a
suspension of the rules for the purpose of acting on
a particular proposition. Had he not a right to cali
for the reading of that proposition ?
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman had that
right; that the House also had the right to refuse
the reading. The Chair, however, supposed that
there would be no objection that the resolution
should be again read.
Mr. McKAY inquired of the Speaker, whether,
after the committees had been called for reports,
resolutions would not lie in order?
The SPEAKER, replied in the affirmative.
Mr. McKAY hoped, he said, that the House
would allow him to make a single remark, for the
information especially of the new members. A
practice had of late years grown up here to move a
suspension of the, rules for every proposition which
any member might desire to introduce. The prac-
tice had become so general as to amount almost to
an entire annihilation of the rules. A large portion
of the time of the House during the last Congress
had been consumed in this manner.
The SPEAKER here interposed with the re-
mark, that the motion to suspend the rules was not
debatable.
Mr. McKAY. I hope that the House, without
icference to the merits of the proposition, will ad-
} here rigidly to their rules.
The SPEAKER here explained, in relation to
his decision above given, that the lesolution would
be in order after the committees had been called
for reports; that resolutions heretofore introduced,
but laid over for debate, and now on the Speaker's
table, would be first m the order of that business.
The question now was (the Speaker said) on the
suspension of the rules The gentleman from South
Caraohna [Mr. Holmes] had asked that the reso-
lution might be again read. If there was no ob-
jection this would be done.
The resolution was accordingly again read.
And the question, " Shall the rules of the House
be suspended ?" was then taken, and decided as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. J. Q,. Adams, Baker, Benton,
James Black, Blanchard, Brinkerhoff, William G.
Brown, Catlicart, Chase, Chipman, Colin, Cul-
ver, Cummins, Cunningham, Darragh, Delano,
De Mott, Dillingham, £>ouglass, Dromgoole, Fa-
ran, Ficldin, Fries, Giddings, Gordon, Grover,
Hamlin, Harper, Henley, Herrick, Iloge, John
W. Houston, James B. Hunt, James H. Johnson,
George W. Jones, Kennedy, Preston King, Mac-
lay, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell, Mc-
Dowell, McGaughey, John P. Martin, Morris,
Moulton, Nivcn, Norris, Owen, Parish, Pollock,
I Price, Ramsey, Rathbun, Reid, Relfe, Root, Rus-
I sell, Sawyer, L. II. Simms, Thomas Smith, Caleb
! B. Smith, Robert Smith, Starkweather, St. John,
Strong, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thur-
man, Tibbatts, Toombs, Wentworth, Wick, Yell,
and Yost—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Stephen Adams, Ar-
nold, Ashmun, Barringer, Bayly, Bedinger, Brod-
head, Milton Brown, Buffington, Burt, Cabell,
John G. Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Reu-
ben Chapman, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke, Collamer,
Cranston, Crozier, Cullom, Daniel, Dargin, Gar-
rett Davis, Jefferson Davis, Dixon, Dobbin, Dun-
lap, Ellsworth, Erdman, Ewing, Gentry, Good-
! year, Grider, Haralson, Hilliard, EliasB. Holmes,
I Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, George S.
! Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Samuel D. Hub-
j bard, Hudson, Hungerford, Washington Hunt,
i C. J. Ingersoll, J. Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
Daniel P. King, Lawrence, Lewis, Levin, Ligon,
Lumpkin, McCrate, McHenry, McKay, Marsh,
Barclay Martin, Miller, Payne, Pendleton, Perrill,
Roberts, Julius Rockwell, J. A. Rockwell, Saw-
telle, Scammon, Seaman, Seddon, Severance, A.
D. Sims, Truman Smith, A. Smith, Stanton, Ste-
phens, Thibodeaux, Thomasson, Trumbo, Vance,
Vinton, White, Williams, Wilmot, Winthrop,
Woodward, and Young—89.
