1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
to all the others connected. For example: this
is a hill, I understand, for raising two regiments
of riflemen. I find on my table here a bill already
introduced into another part of this building, to
provide for raising a regiment of mounted rifle-
men. The question has occurred to my mind—
how are these two hills to go together, and whether
they could not and 6ught not to* be considered to-
gether? The decision of the one question will de-
pend somewhat on the manner in which the other
is decided. I mention this simply by way of illus-
tration of a variety of measures connected with the
question now before this House. I find in the
same bill, now under consideration in another part
of this building, a clause which proposes to ap-
propriate a sum of thousand dollars " to
' defray the expenses of any military defences
* which the President may deem necessary on the
* line of communication with Oregon." Now, it
is very evident that the importance of that section
depends on the sum of money to be appropriated
and to be placed in the hands of the President for
the expenses of any military preparations which
the President may deem necessary. All that 1
infer from that is, from the passage of the bill—
if any pass—it is contemplated that there will be
other expenses; and, in my opinion, they will be
very great expenses—as a concurrcnt measure
with that measure of raising a regiment of mount-
ed riflemen. Now this is not the only measure
which will be necessary, all in connexion with
this one subject. It appears to me very doubtful
whether it is necessary at all to waste the time of
this House in the discussion of the question, whe-
ther two regiments of riflemen shall be raised or
not, unless the necessity for raising these regiments
shall be made apparent to thin House. Why?
"What is the reason that even one regiment of
mounted riflemen shall be raised at this time?
Why is it that two regiments not mounted shall
be raised at this time*
We have gone through some measures, the
prospect of which presented an appearance, at
least, of danger of a war. We have gone through
these measures, and no war has ensued. We are
in profound peace with all the world. Why,
then, what necessity is there for an increase of'
the military force of tins country? It is within
the recollection of many members of this House
that the spirit of this Ilouse two, three, or four
ycais ago, was very different from that of raising
additional military force: and I see here, among
others, some of those gentlemen who at that time
opposed an increase not only, but actually carried
through a redaction of that same military estab-
lishment nearly one-third. That was four years
ago. That was a time when the prospect of war
in this country was, I believe, quite as great as it
is at the present time; and I take this opportunity
to say, that I do not believe at all that we arc in
clangor of a war at this time. I do not see any tes-
timonial of the probability of a war now; an(f, sir,
if there is ever to be any danger of war in conse-
quence of measures to be taken by this Congress,
ii appears to me that the first measure is yet to be
taken, and that measure ought to precede all new
armaments, and all new expenses whatsoever; and
that measure is, the giving notice to Great Britain
that we mean to terminate the convention respect-
ing the territory of Oregon which we made some
twenty-three years ago. That is the first measure
to be taken; for how is it possible that we can ap-
prehend anything like a war so long as this state
of things continues? Does Great Britain tell us
she will take oflence at the termination of that
treaty? Not at all. There has been some ques-
tion m England whether they should not give us
notice for the termination of that treaty, which, I
beg leave to say, is not a convention of joint occu-
pation. I am surprised to hear the words "joint |
occupation" used, universally used, in discussing i
what the convention was. That convention ac- !
knowledge* no occupation of territory by either.
It is a commercial convention—a convention of
free navigation for both parties—of free intercourse
with the Indians in a certain territory; but it does
not admit on either party the occupation by the
other party of one inch of territory. There is no
occupation; nor does the treaty amount to it at all.
But whatever it is, neither party can permanently
occupy any portion of that territory without giving
notice of the termination of that convention of free
commerce and trade, which is not permitted be-
tween one nation and the territory of another. It
is not a convention or treaty of joint occupation;
it is a treaty authorizing the exercise of commer-
cial right—of the right of navigation—of the right
of treaty stipulation with the Indians on either side;
and a treaty which precludes permanent and ex-
clusive occupation by either party. It is precisely
the exclusive occupation which cannot be assumed
by either of the parties without this notice is given
twelve months beforehand. In my estimation, in
advance of all these other measures, it appears
to me that the notice must be given. When this
notice is given, twelve months after the right will
accrue to this country of occupying any part
which they think proper. In the progress of the
bill which passed this House at the last session of
Congress, 1 myself moved a first section of that
bill; and it was that this notice should be given.
The House did not think proper to agree to it.
The House, I believe, passed a bill without even
including- the notice in it. The gentleman from
Illinois can say whether this is concct.
Mr. DOUGLASS explained that at a subsequent
day the gentleman from Massachusetts offered the
amendment for the notice, and it was adopted.
Mr. C. JT. INCERSOLL. And at the very last
moment too.
Mi. ADAMS. However that was, it was adopt-
ed at the close of the action on the bill; but the bill
did not pass the Senate. I was the member who
proposed it as the first section of the bill; and I then
declared myself ready to give the notice to Great
Britain for the termination of the convention, and I
am ready now; and I hope this and the other House
of Congress will do it, as the very first measure,
which is to be followed afterwards by the leal occu-
pation of the whole tmitory.
[Applause and clapping of hands upon the floor
and in the galleries, which was immediately i ©press-
ed by the Speaker.]
But 1 deem it indispensable (continued Mr. A.)
that the notice shall be given for it; and what the
gentleman from Illinois said is somewhat in coinci-
dence with my own impressions—that there is a
game playing. I know nothing about it; hut 1 am
somewhat surprised to hear, at this day, that the
Committee on Foreign Afl'uirs would not report
this notice.
Mi. C. J. INGERSOLL interposed, remarking
that that had been said by no member of the com-
mittee.
Mr. ADAMS. I heard it from none of the com-
mittee; but the report is extremely current.
Mr. DOUGLASS explained, lest Mr. Adams
might have misunderstood him, that he had made
no such declaration.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. Certainly, no person
is authorized to say so.
Mr. ADAMS. But I have heard it from a great
variety of quarters; and if it is delayed much long-
er, I shall believe it. I should deeply regret it, if a
majority of this committee were not now prepared
to give "this notice; and for the reason that, in my
estimation, it is the first of all the measures to be
taken, and all the rest depend upon it; and, while
we aie talking of regiments of infantry, and fortifi-
cations, and stockade forts, and sappers and miners,
Great Britain is arming her seamen and her ships
of the line and frigates, and is sending on her troops
here to be ready for anything that may happen in
consequence of this difference of opinion. I am
very desirous that this notice should be given im-
mediately, without delay; and I would vote for it
if it were brought forward to-day.
Mr. WENTWORTH, interposing: I move that
the rules be suspended, in order to introduce the
notice.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that
the gentleman from Massachusetts had not yielded
the floor.
Mr. ADAMS proceeded further to say, that he
scarcely felt himself authorized, with any prospect
of success, to make any motion to this House. If
it had not been so, he should on the very first day
of the session have moved that this notice be given,
because he had so profound a sense of the duty of
adherence to treaties, that he was opposed to any
measure of hostility, or showing a disposition for
hostility, until this step was first taken. So long
as the convention existed—so long as the notice is
not given, so long he could vote for no increase of
the army or navy; for all these other measures de-
pended on this notice. Now, if this bill was to
be made the special order of the day for Tuesday
1 next, he hoped it would be so arranged by thoss
who managed the affairs of this House, that this
question of the notice to be given to Great Britain
should also be the special order of that day, and
be taken up first, before anything else. Let it be
made the special order of the day; for, in his
opinion, they were wasting time in legislating or
talking anything about the increase of the defences
of the country until we give this notice.
It did not follow that there would be war; it did
not even follow necessarily that we should take
possession of the country. We would only say to
Great Britain: After negotiation twenty odd years
under that convention, made and repeated, wo
do not choose to negotiate any longer in this way.
We choose to take possession of our own; and
then, if we have to settle what is our own, or
whether any portion belongs to you, we may ne-
gotiate. We might negotiate after taking posses-
sion. That was the military way of doing business.
It was the way in which Frederick II. of Prus-
sia had negotiated with the Emperor of Austria
lor Silesia. [Mr. A. gave an account of the in-
terview of Frederick the Great with the Austrian
Minister, and of the fact of Frederick having sent
his troops to take possession of that province the
very day that he had sent his minister to Vienna
to negotiate for it.]
He said he hoped the first step taken would be
to give, in the most solemn manner, notice to Great
Britain. Then we should have our elbows clear,
and could do as we pleased. It did not follow as
a necessary consequence that we should then take
possession, but he hoped it would follow as a con-
sequence, and a very immediate one. But whether
we give the notice or not, it did not necessarily
draw after it hostility or war. If Great Britain
chose to take it as an indication of hostility, and
then to commence hostilities, why, we had been
told that there would be but one heart in this
country; and God Almighty grant that it might
be so!
But if this should be so, we should hear no more
of these extraordinary terrors of war on the part of
the gentleman from South Carolina, whose course
on the Texas question had been contrasted with
his position on this question. How gallant the
gentleman was at the time that Texas was in ques-
tion, was not for him to say. He did not wish to
draw any comparison between the disposition of
members of this House for the acquisition of Tex-
as, and the—not acquisition, but—taking our own,
of Oregon. He said if this war came—which God
forbid! and of which, by the way, he had no ap-
prehension whatever—he hoped the whole country
would go into it with one heart and one mighty
hand; and if that were done, he presumed the ques-
tion between us and Great Britain would not last
long—neither Oregon nor any country north of this
latitude would long remain to Great Britain.
Strong as was his moral aversion to modern war
and military establishments, then, if he should
have the breath of life at the time when the war
commences, he hoped he should be able and will-
ing to go as far in any sacrifices necessary to make
the war successful as any member of this House.
He could say no more.
_ He now said, and he repeated, that until the no-
tice was given to Great Britain, he was not pre-
pared to go for any of the subsequent measures.
He thought we might, with great propriety, with-
out waiting for the effect of the notice, extend to
our countrymen, who are in possession of parts of
that territory—parts not claimed by Great Britain 
the laws of the country, and the protection of the
country in any form which may be necessary.
But he saw no necessity for an increase of the
army or navy at all. He supposed that the meas-
ures taken after the notice would not be offensive
to Great Britain, nor did he suppose that they
would commence war upon it. But for the occu-
pation of the territory, he did suppose some addi-
tional force would be necessary for the army; and
however unwilling he was ever to give his vote for
the increase of the military forces of the country,
he thought he should overcome the difficulties in
the way, especially on the appearance on the part
of Great Britain of a disposition to take offence at
this measure. All these measures, and especially
that of the increase of our military forces, must
depend on the notice to Great Britain that this
present state of things, that had existed for twenty
or twenty-five years, should no longer continue;
that we would not have our hands and feet tied on
this subject; that the notice must be given, and we
