128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 3.
must be free to act as we shall think our interest
and the rights of the country require.
He thought it wag time for this House to begin
to consider what was due to that portion of our
countrymen who were in one and another portion
of that territory. They ought to know who they
are. He confessed he was very imperfectly inform-
ed on the subject; and neither from Lieut. Wilkes's
exploring expedition, or from Lieut. Fremont's
journal, could he gain this information, which was
the most needed. He referred to the memorial
which had been presented by the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Aifairs at an early day of
the session, from American citizens in Oregon, and
to another memorial on the subject, which had not
been presented to the House, as promising- to im-
part something of the desired information; and he
repeated, that he wag in favor of protecting them
as far as we could protect them. He believed he
had said all he proposed to say on this subject.
Ihe most material thread of his observations was
first to give the notice to Great Britain to terminate
this convention—this was the first measure; and
after that would come measures necessary for the
protection of our citizens, such as the establish-
ment of stockade forts and other measures rela-
ting to the increase of our military establishments
■—for be was against all these unless the conven-
tion was first terminated.
Mr. ADAMS having taken his seat-—
Mr. FARAN, from among a number of compe-
titors, obtained the floor, and asked leave to offer
a resolution, which he desired might be read for
information.
The House was under the influence of a very
intense interest in the subject before it, and some
confusion was manifest, amidst which were heard
objections in several quarters to the introduction
of the resolution, mingled with loud cries for an
adjournment.
The hour was growing late, and the Speaker
having entertained a motion to adjourn, the ques-
tion was put, and decided in the affirmative.
So, pending the proposition of Mr. Fa ran, (which
was not read for information, and of which the
reporter, therefore, has no knowledge,) and with-
out having taken action of any kind on the motion
of Mr. Haralson to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the CJnicm, and to
make it the special order for Tuesday next,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following Petitions and Memorials were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The remonstrance of George
Hill and others, citizens of Ann Arbor, Michigan, against
tfte admission of Texa« fts a slave State.
By Mr. GORDON: The remonstrance of Ezra Water-
bury and 110 other citizens of the county of Delaware, New
York, against the admission of Texas into the United States
as a slave State.
By Mr. BENTON: The petition of John J. Eldridge ask-
ing for a pension: referred to the Committee on invalid
Pension®!.
iiy Mr. I. E. IIOLMES: The memorial of the citizens of
Charleston foi the establishment of a branch mint <UCharles-
ton
By. Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of Orris Crosby
for a pension: leferred to the Committee on XJensions. Also
the petition of A. Butterfield and others for a harbor at
Eighteen Mile Creek, New York: referred to the Committee
on Oommeice.
By Mi. GEORGE S. HOUSTON: The petition of J. D.
Beauchamp, and others, of Walker county, Alabama, pray-
ing the parage of a law by Congress allowing N\ A- Pen-
land back pay as an invalid pensioner. Also, the petition of
many citizens of the same State and county, prajing Con-
gress to pass a law allowing Michael Robbms backpay as an
invalid pensioner: which were referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. WOOD : The petition of 100 merchants of the city
of Albany for the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers.
By Mr. CALEB B. SMITII: The remonstrance of Aarnn
Limllcy. and 10o others, citizens of the State of Indiana,
against the admission of Texas as a slave State.
By Mr. RAMSEY: The petition of the legal representa-
tive of Hugh Hughes, deceased, foi the payment of certain
loan office cutificates. The petition of Sophia Albrecht,of
Pennsylvania, widow of a revolutionary soldier, praying for
relief.
"By Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES. The petition of Charles
W\ Bingley. for an act of Congress authorizing the collector
of Charleston, South Carolina, to giant an eniolment or
register.
By Mr. NXVEN: The petition of Hector St. John Beetly,
of Orange county, in the State of New York, claiming a
pension ah <in invalid.
By Mr. PAYNE: Withdrew from the files the petition
and accompanying papers of J. W. Crane: referred to.the
Committee of Claims. Also, the petition of Daniel Trump-
send: referred to the Committee of Claims. Also, the peti-
tion of John I<eu: referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. BAYLY: The memorial of John R. 1'ollard, re-
presenting that our present militia system is very defective,
ineiheient a means of defence, and asking Congress to
apply a remedy, and praying that a law may be passed which
will enable the commissioned officers of volunteer corps to
assemble in sufficient numbers at the garrisons and other
posts of the regular army, where they shall be instructed
by the commander of such posts or garrisons in military
tactics.
By Mr. BUFFINGTON: The petition of Jeremiah Mur-
phy for a pension. Also, the petition of George Wade for a
pension. Also, the petition of John Dull, jr., and 18 others,
citizens of Butler county, Pa., remonstrating against the ad-
mission of Texas as a slave State. Also, the petition of
John Shryock, and 29 others, citizens of Butler county, Pa.,
ot the like import. Also, the petition of Isaiah Neblock, and.
4i others, citizens of Butler countv, Pennsylvania, ot like
import.
m SENATE.
Saturday, Jamiary 3, 1846.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a re-
port from the Secretary of War, exhibiting, agree-
ably to law, the balances of appropriations on the
1st July, 1844; the appropriations for the fiscal year
ending July 1st, 1845; the repayments and trans-
fers within that year-, the amount applicable to the
service of the year; and the unexpended balances
on the 1st dav of July, 1845; which was read, and,
on motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, it was ordered to be
printed.
LIVE OAK PLANTATIONS.
A message was received tVom the President of
the United States, transmitting a report of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate of the 11th December last, in relation to
the number of agents employed in the preservation
of timber, the amount of salaries paid to them, the
allowances made for all purposes connected with
said timber lands, &c., during the last twenty years;
which was laid on the table.
COLLECTION DISTRICT OP TEXAS.
A second message from the President was re-
ceived, at the same time, announcing' that, on the
31st of December last, he signed the " Bill to es-
' tablish a collection district in the State of Texas,
' and for other purposes."
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that said House had pass-
ed a joint resolution relative to the printing and dis-
tribution of the annual estimates.
COLLECTION DISTRICT OF CHICAGO.
A message was also received from the House,
announcing that said House had passed the "Act
to establish the collcction district of Chicago;" in
which the concurrence of the Senate was asked.
PETITIONS.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying the location of a
light-house on the Brandywine shoals, in the Del-
aware river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. BERRIE1V presented the petition of the Sa-
vannah Chamber of Commerce, and of citizens of
Savannah, asking an appropriation to remove ob-
structions to the navigation of the Savannah river,
caused by the sinking of certain vessels in said
river during the revolutionary war, to prevent Brit-
ish ships from sailing up the same; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. ATHERTON presented the petition of citi-
zens of Portsmouth, New-Hampshire, praying the
establishment of a congress of nations, for the
amicable adjustment of all international difficul-
ties, without resort to war; which was referred to
the Committee, on the Judiciary.
Mr. BREESE presented the petition of the heirs
of John Rice Jones, deceased, praying the con-
firmation of their title to a tract of land ; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented the petition of
Sarah Little, praying for a pension, in considera-
tion of the public services of her husband during
the revolutionary war; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DICKINSON presented several remon-
strances against the admission of Texas into the
Union with a constitution tolerating slavery; which
were laid on the table.
Mr. DIX stated., that since the admission of
Texas he had received several remonstrances
against the same; which, out of respect tothe me-
morialists, he now presented, and asked that they
be laid on the-table; which was ordered.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition of citizens of
Jeffersonville, Indiana, praying the construction of
a canal around the falls of the Ohio river, on the
Indiana side of said river; which was referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. LEWIS presented the memorial of James
Bogardus, praying an extension of his patent;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the petition of
David L. White, of Florida, praying payment of
arrears of compensation for expenditures in the
public service while collector at Apalachicola;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. BREESE, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to direct the Pre-
sident of the United States to sell the reserved
mineral lands in the State of Illinois and the Ter-
ritories of Iowa and Wisconsin, supposed to con-
tain lead ore; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
IMPROVEMENT Of THE HUDSON RIVER,
Mr. DICKINSON, pursuant to notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a " Bill to improve
the navigation of the Hudson river;" which was
read a first and , second time, and referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. ASHLEY gave notice that on Monday next
he would, by leave of the Senate, introduce a bill
for the relief of DavidM. Williamson, of Arkansas.
ORDERS OF THE DAT.
The joint resolution of the House of Represent-
atives, relating to the printing and distribution of
the annual estimates, was taken up, and read the
first time; when
Mr. LEWIS said, the propriety of the resolu-
tion was so obvious-that he hoped it would be im-
mediately passed.
The joint resolution,was read « second time,
considered as in committee of the whole, reported
to the Senate without amendment, read a third
time, and passed.
COLLECTION DISTRICT Of CHICAGO.
The "Act to establish a collection district at
Chicago'' was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
The "Act for the relief of William Elliott, of
Pulton county, Illinois," was read a third time
and passed.
On motion of Mr. HAYWOOD the Senate went
into Executive session; and after some time spent
therein, (duririg which several nominations were
confirmed,) the doors were opened, and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 3,1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read; and, after
having been corrected, on motion of Mr. PRES-
TON KING , so as to state the fact that the motion
to postpone the consideration of Mr. Douglass's
bill for a week was, not made (as the Journal sta-
ted) by unanimous consent, was appro veil.
OREGON.
The.SPEAKER announced that the business
first in order was the report made yesterday by
Mr. Haralson, from the Committee on Milita-
ry Affairs, providing for the organization of two
regiments of riflemen, and for other purposes. And
the pending question was on the motion of Mr. H.
to commit the said bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that it be
made the special order of the day for Tuesday
next.
Mr. C. J. INQERSOLL, chairman of the,Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, took the floor. He was
understood, in commencing his remarks, to call
the attention of the House to the fact that the great
question of the charter of the Bank of the United
States, when the present President of the United
States was chairman of the Committee of "Ways
and Means, was debated on the mere question of
reference; and upon that precedent he could state
