THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
for the information of those gentlemen who desired
to make speeches on this subject, that the whole
subject-matter of this Oregon question was now
open to debate. "For his own part, he did not in-
tend at this time to exercise his full right in that
respect.
Mr. WINTHROP rose to inquire what the pre-
cise question before the House was.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. It is on the motion
to refer, and to make the bill the special order for
Tuesday next.
Mr. WINTHROP. The question of raising two
regiments of dragoons
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. Excuse me; I be-
lieve I am entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER again announced what the pre-
cise question was.
Mr. WINTHROP inquired what the bill was.
The SPEAKER said it was the bill for raising
two regiments of dragoons, and for other purposes.
Mr. WINTHROP. Does that open the subject
of Oregon ?
The SPEAKER said that, inasmuch as it looked
to the defences of the country, the question of Ore-
gon was connected with that matter.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL then proceeded with his
remarks. He was heard at times very doubtfully
at the desk on the left of the chair, but expressed
himself generally to the following effect.;
Having stated, he said, what he believed to be
the extent of the liberty of speech allowed to his
brethren and himself on this motion, he should, he
repeated, exercise his own right only to a very-
limited extent. So much had been said in relation
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, that it seemed
indispensable for him not. only to refer to that com-
mittee, but, inasmuch as the subject involved not
only public feeling, but expectations and calcula-
tions, to say now the few words ho had to say.
And here he beirged leave to state that, in anything
he might now say, he must be considered as ex-
pressing his own individual sentiments, and not as
speaking as the chairman of any committee of this
House. As regarded himself, it would be recol-
lected by all gentlemen who were members of the
last Congress, that, when the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Owen] introduced a resolution to give
the twelve months' notice to the British Govern-
ment, it was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, on which lie occupied the same position
which he now held, and that he was instructed to
report against it. That resolution had been forced
upon him by a gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Beardsi.ey,] not now a member of this House.
But it would also be recollected that at thnt
time the Executive of the United States was indis-
posed to give that notice. It was the constant en-
deavor of the then President to prevent the notice
being given. But it was now the distinctly ex-
pressed opinion of the Executive that the notice
should be promptly given; and that made the pre-
cise difference, ftaving at that time submitted a
resolution against his own judgment, and against
which he had voted in committee, he had taken
the earliest opportunity of addressing- the House;
and the House would recollect that he had then
the good fortune to submit the same view which
had fallen from the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] that it was almost
impossible for us to relieve ourselves from the im-
putation of a perfidious action until this notice had
been given. [
In the year 1818 the British Government (the !
Government, remember) restored (that was the
word) to the American Government what was !
called the American settlement on the Columbia '
river. The British flag—that flag which had flost- i
ed in triumph on every continent, and upon every |
wave of the universal world—was struck -by a !
British officer with all formalities: possession was ;
surrendered, and an American officer, named Pre- >
vost, raised the American flag there in token of an I
unconditional surrender by the British Govern- |
ment—of at least the settlement on the Columbia j
river; and the American flag, as he (Mr. I.) under- |
stood, had a right to " float the sky" there. !
At the same time, or in the same year, through I
TUESDAY, JANUARY 6, 1846.
the agency of the honorable and venerable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] then Sec-
retary of State, we unfortunately, as Mr. 1. con-
ceived , though from the best motives—for he would
do the gentleman from Massachusetts and the then
President, Mr. Monroe, the justice to acknowledge
that they had acted from the best motives—mo-
tives of peace, of compromise, of amity, which
ought to actuate every Government and every in-
dividual in considerations of this kind—we entered
into an unfortunate entangling alliance. We tied
a Gordian knot by the convention in 1818, repeated
in 1826, which that oracle of public opinion in both
hemispheres, the press, now announced could only
be cut by the sword. Such, however, was not
his opinion. After the most carcful consideration
that he had been able to give to the subject, he
concurred in the opinion of the gentleman fiom
Massachusetts, that we wanted no Alexander to
possess us of this modern Asia. All we wanted
was women and children.
[Great laughter, and cries of "That, we can
have."]
Mr. INGERSOLL (in continuation.) We had
but to recur to the first-born American principle—
the principle of population.
The House would remember that when Doctor
Franklin became satisfied in England that there
was an end to all possibility of a peaceful arrange-
ment between that country and the United States,
lie said to a friend who was with him : li Go home,
and toll our people to get children as fast as possi-
ble; that is the only chance we have." A.nd that
was precisely what we had to do now upon this
Oregon question—" get children as fast as possi-
ble. "
[The House, on both sides, seemed not less
amused than delighted with this proposition, to
which the tokens of assent were loud and numer-
ous.]
And, as a friend of his [Mr. Gentry] very justly
remarked, that injunction had already been ful-
filled.
In defining his humble position on this question,
he begged leave to say that he was neither for a
war of aggression nor for a peace of submission.
He was not friendly to that " wise and masterly
inactivity " which had been announced by a highly
distinguished gentleman in another branch of this
Capitol; nor had he (Mr. I.) any idea that we
were to wait one minute longer than until our
faith should be cleared by the termination of the
joint occupancy. He was not of opinion that war
was then to ensue. He scarcely thought it pos-
sible. Certainly we should make no war, except
by our women nnd children ; and if Great Britain
made war upon us under such circumstances, God
and man would alike cry out against her. It was
impossible, in his judgment, that war, under such
circumstances, could ensue, without some strange
spirit of rapacity on one side, or some still stran-
ger spirit of mismanagement on the other. For,
as the gentleman from Massachusetts had said,
there was no right of joint occupancy there. lie
(Mr. I.) was aware that his Occidental friend, the
chairman of the Committee on the Territories
[Mr. Douglass] had, in the very front line of his
bill, used the words u termination of the joint oc-
cupation," and in the very last section and line of ,
the bill, the same unfortunate concession had been I
made. Why was this? For, (Mr. I. repeated,) !
as the gentleman from Massachusetts, who was '
the father of this twin, (for he begat it himself ,
when Seeietary of State,) had said, there is no
such tiling as joint oecupalion.
During the negotiations in the year 1838—nego-
tiations on the part of Mr. Adams as Secretary of
State, and Mr. Rush as Minister to England—the
terms "joint occupation" were never used. But,
in the year 1826, in the protocol to the sixth confer-
ence between Mr. Gallatin and the British Pleni-
potentiaries, these words, " joint occupation,"for
the first time, stole into the negotiations. And he
begged leave to read the language. He quoted
from page 446 of Grcenhow's book :
" As preliminary to this discussion, it is highly
' desirable to mark distinctly the broad difference
New Series....No. 9.
' between the nature of the rights claimed by Great
' Britain and those asserted by the United States,
1 in respect to the territory in question.
"Overa large portion of that territory, namely,
'from the foity-second degree to the forty-ninth
' degree of north latitude, the United States claim
' full and exclusive sovereignty.
u Great Britain claims no exclusive sovereignty over
' any portion of that tent lory. Her present claim,
' not in respect to any part, but to the whole, is
' limited to a right of joint occupancy in common
' with other States, leaving the right of exclusive
b dominion in abeyance."
This was the first time that the idea of joint oc-
cupation—which was a monstrous concession—
occurred, as he undeistood it. And he was sur-
prised that his friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Territories, who was disposed to
cairy this matter vi et armis—who had made it his
alpha and omega, the beginning and the end of
his bill—should concede that there was such a
thing as joint occupation. Again he repeated there
was no such thing. All we had to do was peace-
ably to adhere to our rights—a course of proceed-
ing at which no civilized nation had a right to take
offence—at which no Christian would or could
take offence. We had a right to say, "The time
' has arrived when we think this question should be
' settled; for that purpose we relieve ourselves, not
' by the sword—not by cutting the Gordian knot—
i but in the way in which we, or we and you to-
gether, have provided that it shall be done. Wc
'give you notice that the commercial and othor
'arrangements, or whatever they were—under-
1 standings as to commerce and navigation, as to
' dealing with the aboriginal tribes of the terri-
tory—will be at an end in twelve months; and
' then, whatever is proper and right between the
'parties, will be done."
In the mean time, (Mr. I. asked) what would
happen? Within the space of two years, since
the time at which he had addressed the House on
this subject, some seven thousand men, women,
and children, had gone to settle m that territory.
How many more would settle there? The num-
ber might amount to millions in the course of a
few years. The House would excuse him, but a
little extravagance on this subject was not unna-
tural.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Holmes] talked of being afraid or alarmed. He
(Mr. I.) did not believe anything of the kind. It
could not be so. Fear was a feeling unknown to the
community from which the gentleman came, and
unknown, (Mr. I. hoped,) to this community at
larae. Let us on this occasion take a little coun-
sel from the poet:
" Let us appear nor ia^h nor diffident:
Immoderate valor swells vnth a laulf.
And fear admitted in tiie public counsels
Botiays like tiea^ou."
But, in his opinion, there was no occasion for any
fear of war. There were already seven thousand
settlers there with American sympathies, Ameri-
can arms, and American hearts. lie had con-
versed with one of those, now here, who accom-
panied them, and who had put into his (Mr. J.'s)
hands the memoiial he had recently presented.
That memorial had been criticised, because, like
Charlemagne, and most of the barons of Runny-
mede, two of the Vice Presidents had signed with
across. But this amounted to nothing. It was no
great cause of disrespect that a man could not sign
his name. He had known many great men, who
were no good hands at chirography. The reason
m the piesent case was lo be found in the want
of an original education; they had not been taught
to write; but they were goo'd men and true, dis-
posed to adhere to their country. These seven
thousand settlers had built a village which con-
tamed seventy good houses, and five or six mills.
They raised grain, potatoes, and other means of
subsistence. They were living there in peace and
quietness; and. what was more, speaking of tins
matter of war, they had more than a thousand
good rifles with them. Tlicy had a greater mili-
tary force, ten times told, than England had or
