130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 3,
could have iu the Oregon Territory; for, though
she could go to Oregon by sea, yet, to take troops
by land, she must ti averse a distance of many
thousand miles, at an expense and under difficul-
ties too great to be endured. It was a question
of power, and, as to that, the whole pacific argu-
ment way with us. We had f.lie power now f,o
hold the country? and Great Britain knew it. He
disclaimed all idea of war, unless it was forced
upon us. The President, or the Senate, or both
united, could not make war; and, as a member of
a body which the Constitution had made a part
of the. war-making power, he was disposed to say,
thai war shall not comc, unless that war was
necessary as well as just. He saw no necessity
for war. All we had'to do was to let our women
and children go there, and* without assistance
from any one, they would take possession of the
eountry, as Daniel Boon, Rogers, Clarke, and
other early pioneers had done—men of wondeiful
character, peculiar to the American soil, and whose
existence it took Shakspcare to foresee. For, on
looking over Captain Fremont's narrative, and
referring to what a ceitain general (he meant Gen-
eral Othello) had said, he found that he alone had
discovered that country; for he spoke of men,
c: The poitnnce ot* who^c travels lustory J;
Leads them to autre* vast and deceit* xUo,
Rough quau ie!-",rcK'k^, and lulin whobe t(,p  toiuh Iieavu " , |
This (Mr. I. said) was Oregon as he understood *■
it; and it required no less a man than Shakspcaie
to imagine and foresee it. And he had done it per- j;
fectly. as Captain Fremont had described it. For ii
that Oregon he (Mr. I.) was willing to go to war,
but not to be the aggressor. And he believed that jj
m a day or two (01 after a very little longer indul-!'
genee) there would be a report fiom the committee j|
to give this notice. He spoke, however, only as an ,j
individual. He, for one, should insist—as he oh-1!
served that the English newspaper in New York \l
had insisted—that it was a peace, and not a war !j
measure. Tie had so argued t\\o yeais ago; and jj
lie should continue so to ar^ue until the very roar i!
of the cannon of Great Britain convinced him to !j
the contrary. Great Britain was not about to make j1
war upon us for any such cause; and he was de- jj
lighted to see, so far as he had been able to judge, '|
in all parts of this House, though a number of his ii
Southern friends were opposed to any precipitate ||
action, yet it seemed to htm thai,from the East and h
the West, the North and the South, there was one jj
universal sentimentnrevailing line. He u ould re- ii
serve to himself the 1 J^lit, on some proper occasion, j,
to address the House on the merits of tins question. |i
But lie would way now, that Oiegon was worth a ji
war. Let us compromise while we can; our Gov- !•
ernment had its foundation in compromise. Men's j;
very existence rested on it. "Whilst, theiclbrejie ].
was a compromiser, and willing to make gi eat sacri- i \
fices to avoid war, yet he believed that if we were h
to surrender the north of the 40 th parallel, we should
lose by far the best half of that magnificent territo-
i y. Wc should give up a countiy having the lati-
tude, the soil, and the climate of England, with a
million times more and better timber, and possess-
ing advantages vastly greater, pie flattered him-
self that two years would not elapse before the Chi-
nese and the Japanese—sober, industrious, and ex-
cellent people—would be attracted there to settle.
It was only a short voyage across the Pacific ocean.
Millions of those starving workmen, who, in point
of sobriety, industry, and capacity, were among
the best m the world.—woikmen from every isle of
the Pacific—men able to outwork the English—
would Hock there. They were the laborers every-
where, on the soil and in the shop. He .said again,
therefore, that whilst he was a compromiser, and
whilst nothing on his part should be done to pre-
cipitate that result, yet he had no idea that a war
could probably grow out of this matter. Wc should
not make war, and it was not possible that England
should.
He repeated, whilst he had heard with delight
the remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts, ji
[Mr. Adams,] because, well known as that gen- i;
tleman was both here and in Europe, his opinions ||
would have an immense and inestimably pacific !j
influence, no war for Oregon, if it can be avoided; ji
if not, no peace whilst England has an inch of j:
ground on American soil. H
After some difficulty as to the right to the floor—
Mr, HARALSON, who had reported this bill
under the direction of the Committee on Military
Affairs, and who had yesterday made an ineffect- '!
ual effort to speak iu explanation (rendered ne-
cessary by (ho course of the delate) of the action
of that committee, briefly addressed the House
with that view.
He said that his sole object was to place himself
and his associates on the Committee on Military
Affairs in a right position before the House and
the country. Had he supposed that the motion
he had yesterday submitted would have led to this
extraordinary discussion—a discussion which was
certainly premature and out of place—he would
not have made it. But the bill contemplated an
appropriation of money, and it was necessary,
therefore, that he should move its commitment to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. He felt that this discussion was inappro-
priate here, and that it would more properly have
arisen on the bill which had been reported from the
Committee on the Territories, winch proposed to
oigamze a government for the Territory of Ore-
gon.
lie confessed he had some apprehensions, from
the course the debate had taken, that Englnnd
might suppose, if she should go into a contest with
us in relation to Oregon, she. would only have to
coiitend with these two legunents of riflemen. It
certainly was very far from the intention of the
Committee on Military Affairs that this bill should
be regarded as a measure of preparation against
any emergency which might arise out of the Ore-
gon controversy. The committee, in reporting it,
had had an eye solely to the peace establishment;
and if the bill, in all its parts—as well those which
provided for an absolute increase of the milita-
ly force as those which gave a discretionary pow-
er to the President for its conditional increase—
should be carried into operation, we should .still
have a peace establishment of less dimension than
that w Inch existed in the yeais J808 and 18J5, un-
der the administrations of Air. Jefferson and Mr.
Madison. The piousionsof the bill had relation,
therefoie, solely to a peace establishment. It did
not even piowde for the muni er of men recom-
mended by the Secretary of War, or by the Com-
mander-in-Chief. It looked solely to the defences
of the counti y m time of peace.
The SeeicUry of War had stated, in his report,
that, in consequence of the exigencies of the public
service last yrur, a lar^e portion of the militaiy had
hern withdrawn from the lakes in the North,from
the Atlantic coast, from the Gulf of Mexico, and
fiom the western teintory, and had been conccn-
tiated at Cotpus Cluisti, where it was supposed
some dnHcultics affei ting our territory in that quai-
ter might call for their services. This withdrawal
had left many of our military posts without the
number of men requisite even to guerd and protect
the public property. It was to supply this defi-
ciency that the bill had been reported. There was
not a word in it that had any necessary connexion
with the Oregon question. It simply proposed
such an increase of the army as would be neces-
sary, whether we gave the notice or occupied Ore-
gon, or not. He said this because (lie Secretary of
War had declared that we could not yet withdraw
the troops from the southwest. He presumed the
gentleman was prcpaied to say that the public pro- j
pert.y—to say nothing of its defences—did not re-
quire a greater force than was to be found in many
of the foils whic.h had hitherto been garrisoned.
He had now stated the object of the committee m
reporting this hill. It authorized the organization
of two regiments of riflemen, and it £ave a discre-
tionary power to the President to add ten men to
each company of dragoons, artillery, and infantry,
now constituting the military establishment of the
United States.
I do not intend now (continued Mr. H.) to go
into the discussion of the Oregon question. I shall
be prepared to express my views fully on that
subject when it is legitimately before the House.
It is certainly true, if you raise the regiments pro-
posed in the bill, they will be ready, if the appre-
hensions of some gentlemen should be realized,
and war should come. It is also true, if you de-
termine to establish mihtaiy posts on the line of
emigration to Oregon, the force will be ready with
which to man them, without drawing from those
points which cannot safely spare it. I repeat, sir,
the main provisions of the bill will be found neces-
sary for the peace establishment. I trust, not-
withstanding our delicate relations with Great
Britain, that every cause of difficulty between the
two Governments may be speedily removed and
amicably adjusted, and that an honorable peacer
may be maintained. This is not impossible. The
interests of both nations, the claims of civilization
and Christianity, it is hoped, will prevent an open
rupture, and a resort to arms and to bloodshed-
Jf, however, in this reasonable expectation we
should be deceived , and claims believed to be un-
founded are insisted on by Great Britain, at the
risk of war upon us, as dear as we hold peace and
its blessings, the committee are prepared to report
energetic measures to support the Government, and
to sustain the war. They are m possession of
all the information relating to the defences of the
country, necessary fo their prompt action; and if
war must come, they are ready to recommend
measures, placing at the command of the Presi-
dent not only our little armyy with the two addi-
tional regiments proposed to be raised, but a num-
ber of men sufficient to repel invasion from any
quarter, and to defend the- rights, interests, and
honor of the nation.
In closing his remarks, Mr. withdrew that
part of his motion which proposed to make the bill
the special order of the day for Tuesday next.
So the only question their left pending was the
motion to refer the bill to the Committee of the?
Whole on the state of the Union.
And, concerning this, Mr. H. inquired of the
Speaker, what was the effect of the previous ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER said, the effect would be to
biing the House to a direct vote on thequestion of
reference.
Mr. HARALSON therefore, with all respect,
he said, to the feelings of the House, but with a
desire that its time might not be further consumed
in a discussion, which must hereafter take place m
an appropriate way, demanded the previous ques-
tion.
But the demand obviously could not be sus-
tained.
The vote, however, was taken,and stood—ayes
35, noes 67: [No quorum voting, though an abun-
dant quorum was present.]
Tellers were demanded and ordered ; and the
vote having been again taken, stood—ayes 53,
noes 58.
So the House determined that it would net sec-
ond the demand for the previous question.
Thereupon the question recurred on the modir
fled motion of Mr. Haralson, to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. DARRAGH said that this bill was osten-
sibly for the purpose of raising two regiments of
riflemen; and m relation to the propriety of this
and other measures, having more immediate or
more remote aspect to the Oregon question, he dif-
fered from many of those with whom he had acted
in the party divisions of the country. What was
this notice, of which so much had been said?
Whether our convention with Great Britain was
properly denominated a treaty of joint occupancy,
or only a commercial convention for purposes of
tiade, what did it amount to in fact? We had the
joint occupancy of the country, and we recognised it
in the very fact of giving notice whether it was con-
tained in the terms of the convention or not. The
! question of sovereignty was kept in abeyance,
j This whole subject was one to which Mr. D. had
paid some attention, and from the best examina-
1 tion he had been able to give it, he was ftilly con-
i vmced that the title of the United States to the
j whole of Oregon was clear and indisputable; and,
! so believing, he was prepared to go as far as any
, man in maintaining it.
! Suppose these two companies of riflemen should
j be raised, and should go into Oregon; and sup-
> posing it should be p'roclaimed on the other side of
| the water that this was on our part a preparation
j for hostilities, what more could Great Britain do
! than she \ms now doing? Was she not arming:
; and equipping; her navy? Had she not commis-
j sioners appointed to examine every steam-vessel
j which crossed the oceau from her shores to the
| West Indies or to this continent, to ascertain whe-
j ther they were capable of being converted to a
I military use: Meanwhile what had we been doing
j ever since 1818 to protect the rights of our own
citizens m Oregon? We had been sluggish and
inactive; we had done little or nothing to defend
seven thousand of our fellow-citizens who were
crying out to us for laws and protection. But
what had Great Britain done there? Had she fallen
