1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
back m any of her pretensions to the country? Not
At all. She had been doing precisely what these
two regiments of riflemen were intended to do.
Notwithstanding the surrender in 1818, the British
flag had been flying in Oregon since 1823, and it
now floated over a large number of fortifications.
True, the British Government had not done this;
the Government-had not itself taken military pos-
session of Oregon more than they had of India; in
"both countries it had British companies who acted
nominally on" their own account, and were most
convenient instruments of British rapacity. In
India, it was the East India Company, in Oregon,
it was the Northwest Company. Both had gone
on and made military advances; and when the
British Government was questioned on the subject,
it disclaimed everything, and threw all the respon-
sibility on these companies. Yet Britain could
speak of the whole of the East Indies as her own.
From the days of the conquest until now she had
exhibited in every age and in every country the
same predominating lust of dominion.
What had been the actual condition of Oregon
since 1823 ? The Hudson Bay Company had erect-
ed some twelve or fifteen forts, by which they held
the country.
[Mr. C. J- INGERSOLL, speaking across,
IVtore than that—they have twenty-two stations.]
Mr. D. was not aware of the exact number; but
these were all so many military posts, and they
were erected all over the country.
But more than that: the British Parliament had
extended the laws of England over Oregon, atid,
• if he was not misinformed, British judges and Brit-
ish magistrates had now a right to arrest Ameri-
can citizens and try them.
[Several voices : Her own citizens—not ours.]
Mr. D. said he had been informed that Ameri-
can citizens had been arrested and sent to Canada
for trial. Be tins as it might, were there any offi-
cers there to vindicate the rights of American citi-
zens? Not one. The only laws in the country
were British laws; the only officers were the offi-
cers of the Hudson Bay Company; and the only-
courts were those which .sit in Canada, but extend-
ed their jurisdiction into Oregon. This was the
Mate of tilings which we had suffered to continue
5iincf 18'23, and yet we, who had thus long and
humbly postponed a settlement of the question,
were now accused of hurrying the country into
war.
And now as to this question of notice. What
was it? and how was the notice to be given ? For
himself, he did not care what sort of notice was
gnen; but how was it to be done? Must a con-
vention be provided for that purpose? Must the
notice be given by a communication from the Pres-
ident of the United States to Queen Victoria? Or
was it to be done by act of Congress? Or was it
to be accomplished as a landlord would turn out
his tenant, by an ejectment suit? He thought we
might do it by an act of legislation here. He was
for letting Great Britain £now that we meant to
take the whole of the territory—every inch of it—
and'that at the hazard of a battle.
Suppose these two regiments should be raised
and sent: what then ? Had not Great Britain
committed acts more aggressive? We sent rifle-
men, she built forts—ay, and she now depended
on these very forts to hold Oregon. If question-
ed, the British would admit that their reliance was
placed on these forts; and she had twenty-two of
them, at points judiciously selected. It had been
said that we, too, should try to take possession, by
sending our citizens there; but we had tried that
experiment and could not get on. A bold aud ad-
venturous man had, in 1828, gone from Boston
and settled himself on the north bank of the Co-
lumbia river; and what was the consequence? The
Hudson Bay Company soon compelled him to re- ;
tire. They surrounded his fort; they undersold i
him to the Indians; and, in short, took such meas- J
ures as compelled him, to remove. Thus was an j
American citizen driven by British violence from j
our own soil. Yet gentlemen considered this as j
all very right; we must submit to it all, and not!
raise a"finger to prevent it. ^ I
But this was not the proper occasion to discuss j
the Oregon question. When that subject did come ;
up, if Mr. I). should succeed in getting the floor, \
he would endeavor to say all he had to say on that ]
subject. And his views upon it were not new; nor j
had'" they been shaken by the fullest examination, j
He, thought we had delayed the settlement of the i
question long enough ; we had nothing to gain by
procrastination. On the contrary? he held that this
Government was \mder a holy obligation to extend
over our fellow-citizens in Oregon the shield of our
laws and the strong arm of the national defence.
We were bound to do it.
We had been told last year that the annexation
of Texas would certainly lead to a war with Great
Britain; but it had led to no war. He never had
believed that it would. If any glory was to be
got by talking, he should like to hear a little now
from gentlemen who were so valiant at that time.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, in a very
brief explanation, said he desired to ask some of
these valiant gentlemen, what analogy there was
between the case of Texas and that of Oregon?
Texas belonged to the people of Texas; it was in
their possession; they asked us to admit them with-
in the pale of our Union, and they were admitted.
But what was the fact as to the territory of Oregon ?
It was occupied partly by the British and partly
by ourselves. Gentlemen talked about his being
alarmed—not about Mexico, for she was a mere
wolf—but about the British lion.
Mr. C. .T. INGERSOLL. Nobody said you
were alarmed but yourself. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMES continued. Well he was alarm-
ed, and he acknowledged it. Suppose one of these
gentlemen went out with his rifle, (and a western
rifle, as all knew, could conquer anything—a gen-
tleman had told him that one rifle could take a Brit-
ish frigate,) to protcct one of his sheep, to which
he had a " clear and unquestionable title," and he
found a wolf with the sheep; he would shoot and
kill it. But suppose he found it was a lion, and
not a wolf; it was nioct probable that he, would go
back and get a do7en other rides to help Iinil
Mr. DARUAUli replied that he could not say
how he might act when danger ctnne; but he
would ask, was it manly, was it honorable, for a
nation like this to tremble and to skulk when it
had a clear title to Jts own territory ? He granted
the case with Britain was very dilihrcnt faun the
case with Mexico. With iWexieo we had nothing
to fear, and we went, foiward veiy boldly indeed.
But what would an impartial historian Ray, when
lie came to writ*' the histoiy of our third war with
Great Britain ?
Mr. HOLMES. Do you expect a third war?
Mr. DAIlRj\GH said that he spoke of the third
war when it should come. Must not the historian
say, that towards the weak Power we were bold
and prompt, while with the other we were'sneak-
ing and cowardly, though our title was good?
That we sought to avoid war, because we deemed
Great Britain omnipotent? Air. D. was not a man
to stand by and see his country disgraced and
dishonored. He regarded our title up to 54° as
perfectly clear. We had thus far postponed the
assertion of if, only because there were few of our
people there to ask our protection; but now the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs had
informed the House that our citizens there amount-
ed to seven thousand. They were diligently engaged
in carrying on the physical operation of which the
gentleman had spoken so eloquently, and weie
crying out to us for the protection of our laws and
of our arms. Should we hesitate to grant the re-
quest? It had been well said that this was a ques-
tion which affected the destinies of the world. He
was one of those who believed that there were men
now here who might yet live to see a continuous
railroad extending from the mouth of the Colum-
bia to the Atlantic. The country would soon be
filled with a dense population, and would even-
tually control the China trade, and affect the whole
commerce of the Pacific. He trusted in God there
would be a beginning of this end. He trusted
that this Government would say to the despotisms
of Europe, Stay on your own side of the water,
and do not attempt to intermeddle with the balance
of power on this continent. Mr. D. believed it to
be the design of God that our free institutions, or
institutions like ours, should eventually cover this
whole continent—a consummation winch could
not but affect every part of the world, and the
prospect of which ought to fill with joy the heart
of every philanthropic man.
Mr. PRESTON KING remarked that the sub-
ject had been precipitately laid before the House,
and he should not now have risen to participate at
all in the debate, had if not been for n remark
which yesterday fell from the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Territories, [Mr. Douglass.]
That gentleman had yeelcrday infoimed the House
that there was a " game" playing on this Oregon
question. He had yesterday found a paragraph in
a newspaper which, in his opinion, the gentleman
might have read, and to which, whether he had
read it or not, he wished to call the gentleman's at-
tention. It was a paragraph copied from the Lon-
don Times of December 2, and which the New-
York Courier and Enquirer, alluding to it, sup-
posed might have been written by Sir Robert Peel,
or by his authority. The London Times was the
official organ of the British Administration.
[Severn! voices, u Oil no; Oh no."]
It was an organ, at least, and an organ which
speaks the sentiments of that nation, and one of
the best authoiizcd organs of that country. It
says:
" A resolution for the termination of the present
£ system of joint occupation by a twelve months'
' notice will "be carried by a laige majority in the
' House of Representatives; but it is by no means
4 equally clear what will be the fate of such a
' measure in the Senate. Mr. Calhoun is a Demo-
' ciat, and was an ardent promoter of the annexa-
' tion of Texas; but if that gentleman returns to the
' Senate, at the present time, which it is probable
' he will do, he is said to be pledged to defeat the
' party who are clamorous for the occupation of
' Oregon and for war; and the Whig members of
' the Senate, supported by half a dozen of the De-
' mocratic Senators from the South, would negative
4 the resolution.
" This we believe to be the most probable result
' of the present agitation of the question; and Pres-
' ident Polk looks to the conservative and pacific
' cheek of the Senate, as the menus of stopping his
c own headlong career of excitement at home and
'aggression abioad. He thus hopes to reap all
' the popularity which is to be gained in the West
' by the. most daring declarations, while he is pre-
' served from the fatal consequences of his own
' excesses by the prudence of New England, and
' the reluctance of the South. Such a stroke of
' policy may be ingenious, but it, is not honest,
' and it will not vitlmalely be succettfid.
"The Senate of the United States opposes no
' permanent or insurmountable barrier to populn>*
' agitation. It rejected annexation, yet within eight
* months annexation was carried. If the Execu-
< live Government thinks it can play with the most
c fiery elements of the political world because the
' Senate is at hand to extinguish the conflagration,
' U is high time for the rest of the world to prepare fcr
i the most disastrous consequences/*
Mr. DOUGLASS appealed to the gentleman to
allow him an opportunity to explain; to which
Mr. KING acceding—
Mr. DOUGLASS said that he perhaps was not
very choice in the selection of a term, when he had
said yesterday that it struck him a game was play-
ing in this House to prevent speedy action on this
Oregon question. Ele would say frankly to the
gentleman from New York and to the House, that
he had not seen the article now read by the gentle-
man; and when he had made the remark alluded
to—whatever foundation theie might be foi it—it
had arisen from his knowledge of the efforts which
had been making in this House to defeat action on
the Oregon question by getting up distractions, by
referring one part to one committee and another
part to another committee, thus to create jealousies;
the object being procrastination. Being fully aware
that such was the object, and that such an effort
was making, he had*made the remark which he
did, and without reference to any newspaper paia-
graph.
Mr. KING said he regietted, after having heard
the remark, that the gentleman himself had made
the motion to postpone die bill in relation to Ore-
gon reported by him, and of which he (Mr. K.)
was in favor. The correct mode of proceeding
> was to give the notice; and 
| Mr. DOUGLASS (Mr. King yielding) said he
regretted making the motion to postpone as much
as the gentleman did; but he found that half of the
members of the House were under the apprehen-
sion that it was set apart for a week from Tues-
day, instead of for next Tuesday; that it had been
so announced by most of the reporters; and that
some of the friends of Oregon had told him that,
being under that impression, they were unprepared
for the discussion. Thus he had reluctantly made
the motion, and not in accordance with his own
wishes.
