132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 3,
Mr. KING, resuming, said lie could not cer-
tainly believe that the_ gentleman from Illinois had
any particle o( faltering in him on this Oregon
question; and yet if ho had been in his position lie
should not have moved the postponement, but
waited for the House to do it if they "wished. Yet
ifhe matter was postponed; and on'that subject he
should propose, instead of going on with the de-.
bate in this manner, that the House go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
rnd take np the bill of the gentleman, without
wailing for the day to which it was postponed as
ft speaal order.
^ I'ut he preferred, in reference to the view which
the British Government took upon this subject, to
ft tv that they were all aware that that Government,
whatever mh'ht lie our opinion of it, was a sa<ra-
ciouri one; that it had skill and ability in those
who administered it; that they understood the
mitnre and character of men and of republicans,
although they disliked the latter; that the hands
of Sir Robert Peel, indeed, were engaged in fool-
ing the hounding pulse of those who desire liberty;
that Ireland has a " f^'ne^ar RilL" which they may
remember; and that there were hills in Scotland
find m Wales, and that the crust of 41 merry Eng
land" itself might ore long show some signs of
upheaving, But, looking at this question, they
seem to u-ly with security on the action of the
Senate. And it was a most extraordinary fact,
that from the British organ m London the advent
of an American Senator to the American Senate
should be announced, and his course foreshadow-
ed. 3twas a most extraordinary fact that that
orcein should claim a pledge on this subject. To
whom eould such a pledge have been given? This
question had been under negotiation long. So far
as the present Administration was concerned, lie re-
gaidea that the view taken in this paragraph, of its
position and of its views, was entirely erroneous.
Great Britain did not undei stand the character of
the Hickory stock of this country, if she suppos-
ed that President Polk was playing with this ques-
tion, and desiring to humbug the people. It was
not so. In las judgment, however, the present
Administration committed an error when it olh red
to tiie British Government to surrender the 'fem-
lory of Oregon north of 49 degrees. It might have
felt the embarrassment of the previous position of
our Government on this subject; but with the re-
sponsibility which belonged to him as cm Ameri-
can citizen, and as the represcntathe of American
citiyens, he expressed his opinion on the subject.
The Administration, it was said—and he was dis-
posed to believe it—felt fully assured that the oiler
would be rejected, or that oiler never would have
been made. It was rejected; and the position of
the Administration was perhaps stronger before
the country and before the world; and it having
been made and rejected, the Administration was
thus saved from injury by any such error—if error
there were.
But the British organ, in his judgment, under-
stood the character of the American people. That
Government had met them at various times and in
various localities. They had met the Boston boys
on Bunker Hill; the men of Carolina and Virginia
at Yorktown and Camden; the Now Yorkers and
citizens of the surrounding States, at Saratoga; the
Pcnnsylvanians and the New Jcrseymen at Mon-
mouth"; and the western people, who were younger,
ut a later day, at New Oilcans. They umicistood
the diameter of the American people,_ and they
were right, he believed, when they ftaid that the
Senate of the United States is no permanent and
insurmountable barrier to the American occupa-
tion of Oiegon.
So much for the British view of this question
It had been, in his judgment, in the chargc oi di-
plomacy long enough. He was rejoiced when he
learned from the iVLessage of the President oi the
United States that the negotiations on the subject
of Oregon were terminated, aud that the subject
was to be left to Oongiess and to the people of this
country to determine how it should be. Great
Britain was desirous to interfere \\\ the arrange-
ment of the political concerns of this country; antU
although he was aware that m the expression ot
the sentiments which he should now utter, (be-
cause they were his own,) he should dilier irom
many—perhaps from more of his constituents than
he would choose to differ with—with whom he
agreed on other points; but his constituents were
generous and patriotic, and had always been in-
diligent to him. He was, then, none the less
ready to say that he believed the British Govern-
ment would rejoice—most heartily rejoice—if the
settlement of the Oregon question couid be effected
by a division of the territory; and by the acqui-
sition, to her, of half of it, as he believed she did
rejoice that the Texas question had been settled
in the manner in which it had. Great Britain
would be glud to see America peopled with slaves;
she would" people the brave and the hardy North
with her own subjects, who admitted their alle-
giance to her; and she would be glad to see the
sunny and the chivalrous South peopled with a
black population, and oppressed with negro slave-
ry. She would see her own interest, her own
comparative power in a trial of strength, in such
a disposition of these two questions.
He would be most heartily ghul if the discussion
of this question could be relieved of all extrinsic.,
of all personal, of all party considerations. The
Oregon question belonged to the country; it was
ours; and the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Holmes] had -well stated that it was a question
which differed from the question of the acquisition
of Texas; though on thrvt question there was but
one consideration, and that was paramount with
him, which had prevented him (Mr. IC.) from
being found in the vote with the gentleman. Hut
the Oregon country is ours; we had proclaimed to
the world that the British Government had no
right to interfere upon this comment, even in rela-
tion to other countries. Should she be. permitted
here to interfere with our own territory? Was
that the only use to which we could put our di-
plomacy, that it should demonstrate to ourselves
and to the world that a territory was ours that we
may then be enabled to show our magnanimity
bv surrendering it to our enemy? He trusted not.
lie was glad, he repeated, that this question was
out of the hands of diplomacy. Diplomacy had
established our tide to every hVh of the disputed
territory in Maine, most clearly, most fully. It
was afterwaids, he believed, acknowledged that
evideiifc of our title to that territory existed in a
map in the possession of the British Government.
Diplomacy established our title, m this cose; but
diplomacy then went to work to buy from Maine,
and from Massachusetts, the conceded title to that
territory, that it might surrender that territory to
Great Britain. What did Great Britain desire of
that country, which she designated as a barren
waste, valuable at least for nothing but its timber?
Great Britain desired a road—a road on which she
might send her powder, her balls, her blankets,
and her sealping-knives to her northwestern allies
during the long northern winters that shut, up the
mouth of the St. Lawrence. That was all Great
Britain desired of that portion of country, which, by
diplomacy, she obtained from this Government,.
He baa not proposed in rismsf to go any further
than to call the attention of the House and the
country to the peculiar condition of this question;
he was prompted to do so by the fact announced
by the chairman of the Committee on Territories,
that, a game was being played on this subject, and
his chief object was to call upon that gentleman,
and upon ail the members of this House who felt
an interest in this question, to come up and take a
hand in this game; and to be assured themselves,
and to be watchful of others, that the game might
be fairly played on all hands.
Mr. WINTHROP next obtained the floor, and
njoceeded to say that he understood the Chair to
have decidnl that, upon the pending motion to re-
fer to the Committee of the Whole on. the state of
the Union a bdl for raising two regiments of rifle-
men, the whole question of Oregon was open to
debate. The House, loo, had virtually sanctioned
this decision, hy declining to sustain the previous
question a few moments since, Mr. W. could not
altogether agree m the fitness of such a decision
hut was unwilling to omit the opportunity which
it afforded for expressing some views upon the
subject.
i\ly honorable colleague, [Mr. Adams,] in his
remarks yesterday, and the chairman of the Com- j
initfee on Foreign Affairs this morning, have al~ ;
lud".d to the e-ourse pursued by them hist year, and j
have told us that they both voted for giving imme- j
diate notice to Great 'Britain of our intention to ter-1
inmate at the earliest day what has been called the j
convention of joint occupancy. Though a much j
humbler member of the House, I may be permitted i
to allude to the fact that I voted against that pro- 1
ceeding last year, and to add that I intend to do so
now. I may be allowed also to remind the House
of a series of resolutions upon this subject which I
offered to their consideration some days ago. I
know not whether those /resolutions will ever
emerge from the pile of matter under which they
now lie buried upon your table. If they should,
however, I am by no means sure that I shall not
propose to lay them down again without discussion.
Nothing certainly was further fVom my purpose
in offering them than to involve this House in a
stormy debate about peace and war. Such debates,
I am quite sensible, are of most injurious influence
on the public quiet and prosperity, and I have no
disposition to render myself responsible for a re-
newal of them. I desired only men, and I desire
only now, to place before the House, and before
the'eountry, before it is too late, some plain and
precise opinions, which are sincerely and strongly
entertained by myself, and which I believe to be
no less strongly entertained by many of those with
whom I anVpolitically associated, in regard to the
present most critical state of our foreign relations.
I desire to do this on many accounts, and to do
it without delay. An idea seems to have been
gaining ground in some quarters, and to have been
somewhat industriously propagated in all charters,
that there is no difference of sentiment in this House
in reference to the course which has been pursued,
or which seems about to be pursued hereafter, in
regard to this unfortunate Oregon controversy.
Now, sir, upon one or two points connected with
it there may be no difference of opinion. I believe
there is none upon the point that the United States'
have rights in Oregon which are not to be relin-
quished. I believe there is none upon the point
that, if the controversy with Great Britain should
result in war, our country, and the rights of our
country on both sides of the Kocky mountains,
are to be maintained and defended with all the
power and all the vigor we possess. 1 believe
there is none either upon the point, that such is
the state of this controversy at the present mo-
ment, we owe it to ourselves, as guardians of the
public safety, to bestow something more than the
ordinary annual attention—I might better say the
ordinary annual inattention—upon -our national de-
fences, and to place our country in a posture of
preparation for meeting the worst consequences
which may befall it.
So far, $fr. Speaker, I believe there are common
opinions, united thoughts and counsels, in both
branches of Congress, and, indeed, throughout the
country, without distinction of party.
But certainly there are wide differences of senti-
ment among ourselves and among our constituents
upon other no less interesting and substantial
points. And I am not one of those who believe
in the necessity or in the expediency of concealing
these differences. I have very little faith in the
hush policy. I have very little faith in the wisdom
of keeping up an appearance of entire unanimity
upon a question like this, where such unanimity
does not exist, for the sake of mere stage effect,
and with a view of. making a profounder impres-
sion upon the spectators. Everybody under-
stands such concerted airangements, everybody
sees through them, whether the theatre of then*
presentment be on one side of the Atlantic or the
other.
Because Sir Robert Peel and Lord John Russell,
and Lord Aberdeen and Lord Palmerston, thought
fit to unite in a common and coincident expression
of sentiment," in the two Houses of Parliament,
eight or nine months ago, during the well-remem-
bered debate on the President's Inaugural Address,
I do n£>t know, I do not believe, that the people of
the United States were any the more awed from
the maintenance of their own previous views and
purposes in regard to Oregon, than if these dis-
tinguishedleaders of opposite parties had exhibit-
ed something less of dramatic unity, and had in-
dulged rather more freely in those diversities of
sentiment which ordinarily lend interest to their
discussions. Nor am I of opinion, on the other
hand, that a similar course on this side of the ocean
is to have any material influence on the coMrse of
the British Government. I hold, at any rate, that
it is better for us all to speak out own minds, to
declare our own honest judgments, and to look
more to the influence oP our remarks upon our own
people and our own policy, than upon those of
Great Britain.
I may add, sir, that in presenting these resolu-
