134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Jan. 3,
est elements in our whole case. It is a most nota-
ble incident that in the discussions of 1818 not a
word was said in regard either to the rights of Spain
oi to the Nootka convention. Yet now Great Brit-
ain and the United States are found placing their
principal reliance on these two sources of title. Is
there not enough in this historical fact to lead us
to distrust our own judgments and our own con-
clusions, and to warn us of the danger of fixing
our views so exclusively on our own real or im-
agined wants or interests as to overlook the rights
of others.
Let mc not be misunderstood, Mr. Speaker. I
have no hesitation in saying that I honestly think,
upon as dispassionate a review of the correspon-
dence as I am capable of, that the American title to
Oregon is the best now in existence. But I hon-
estly think also that the whole character of the title
is too confused and complicated to justify any ar-
bitrary and exclusive assertions of right, and' that
a compromise of the question is every way con-
sistent with reason, interest, and honor.
There is one element in our tit^e, however, which
1 confess that I have not named, and to which I
may not have done entire justice. I moan that now
revelation of right which has been designated as
the right of our man'iftJ destiny to rpicctd over this con-
tinent. It has been openly avowed in a leading
administration journal that this, after all, is our
best and strongest title; one so clear, so pre-emi-
nent, ami so indisputable, that if Great Britain had
all our titles in addition to her own, they would
weigh nothing against it. The right of our mani-
fest destiny! There is a right for a new chapter in
the law of nations; or rather, for the special laws
of our own country; for I suppose the right of a
mmifest destiny to spread, will not be admitted to
exist m any nation except the universal Yankee
nation ! This right of our manifest destiny, Mr.
Sptnkcr, rcmnuls me of another source of title
which is worthy of being placed beside it. Spain
and Portugal, we all kno w, in the early part of the
sixteenth century, laid claim to the jurisdiction of
this whole northern continent of America. Fran-
cis I. is related to have replied to this pretension,
that he should like to see the clause in Jldtun's will
in which their exclusive title was found. Now,
six*, J look for an early reproduction of this idea.
I have no doubt that, if due search be made, a copy
of this primeval instrument, with a clause giving
us the whole of Oregon, can be hunted up. Per-
haps it may be found in that same Illinois cave in
which the Mormon Testament has been discover-
ed. I commend the- subject to the attention of those
in that neighborhood, and will promise to withdraw
all my opposition to giving notice or taking posses-
sion whene\er the right of our manifest destiny
can be fortified by the provisions of our great first
parent's will.
Mr. Speaker, thcic is a thud, and. in my judg-
ment, a still more conclusive reason for regarding
the question as one for negotiation and compro-
mise. I refer to its history, and to the admissions
on both sides which that history contains. For
thirty years this question has been considered and
treated as one not of tide, but boundary. To
run a boundary line between Great Britain and the
United States from the Rocky mountains to the
ocean—this has been the avowed object of each
successive negotiation. It has been so treated by
Mr. Monioe, and Mr. Adams, and Mr. Gallatin,
and Mi. Rush, and by all the other American states-
men v. ho have treated it at all. Oilers of eornpro-
rmso and arrangement June been repeatedly made
on both sides on this basis. Three times we hase
offered to Great Britain to divide with her on the
43th parallel of latitude, and to give Jier the navi-
gation of the Columbia into the bargin. Mr Polk
and Mr. Buchanan themselves have acted upon
the same principle up to the moment of the final
aW-uot termination of the negotiations. Tiicy have
offered as:aiii to make the 4!)th parallel the boun-
dary line between the possessions of Great i_ r>Unn
and the United States in the Northwestern lerri-
tory. "With what face, then, can we now turn .
round and declare that there is no boundary line
to be run, nothing to negotiate about, and tnat any
such course would involve a cession and surrender
of American soil! Such a course would be an im-
peachment of the conduct of the distinguished
statesmen whose names 1 have mentioned. It im-
plies an imputation upon the present President of
the United States" and his Secretary of State. And,
explain it as we may, it would be regarded as an
unwarrantable and offensive assumption by the
whole civilized world.
Sir, I am glad to perceive that the language of
the President's Message is" in some degree con-
formable to this view. Pie tells us that the his-
tory of the negotiation thus far "affords satisfac-
tory evidence/' not that no compromise ought to
be made, but that " no compromise which the Uni-
ted States ought to accept can be effected,"
^ And this brings mc to another of my propo-
sitions. I take issue with the Message on this
point. I deny that the rejection of the precise
offer which was made to Great Britain last sum-
mer has furnished satisfactory evidence that no
compromise which the United* States ought to ac-
cept can be effected. Certainly, I regret that Great
Britain did not accept that oiler. Certainly, I
think that tins question mi^ht fairly be. settled on
the basis of the 4{)th paiallel; and I believe sin-
cerely that, if precipitate and offensive steps be
not taken on our part, the question will be settled
on that basis. Hut there, may be little deviations
from that line required to make it acceptable to
Great Britain; and, if so, we ought not to hesitate
in making them. I deny that the precise offer of
Mr. Buchanan is the only one which the United
States ought to accept for the sake of peace. Such
a suggestion is an impeachment of the wisdom
and patriotism of men by no means his inferiors
vho have made other and more liberal offers. I
think that we ought to accept a compromise at
least as favorable to Great P.ritain as we have
thiee tunes proposed to her. If we arc unwilling
to give her the na\igation of the Columbia, we
should provide some equivalent for it. If the
oue.stiori is to be amicably settled, it must be set-
tied on terms consistent with the honor of both par-
ties. And nobody can imagine, that Great Britain
will regard it as consistent with her honor to take
a line les.4 fa\orabU to her interests than that which
she has three times declined within the last thirty
years. Li t nie say, howcacr, m regard to the nav-
igation of the Columbia, that, if 1 understand it
aright, it is of very little importance whether we
<;ivc it or withhold it, as the river is believed not
to be navigable at all where it is struck by the for-
ty-ninth parallel of latitude. T trust that we shall
not add folly to crime, by going to war rather than
yield the navigation of tin unmwigable river.
And here, sir, I have a word to say in reference
to a remark made by the honorable member from
New York who hosjusttaken bis seat, [Mr. Phks-
ton" Kino.] I understood him to say that the
Administration, in making the offer of the forty-
ninth parallel to Great .Britain during the Inst sum-
mer, did it with the perfect understanding that it
would be rejected. 1 appeal to the honorable
member to say whether 1 have quoted him cor-
; reelly.
Mr. KING. I said I had heaid it, and believed
it to bo so.
Mr* WINTIIROP. There js an admission to
which I wish to call the solemn attention of the
House and of the country. I trust in Heaven
that the honorable member is mistaken. I trust,
for the honor of the country, that the chairman of
the Committee on Korean Affairs will obtain offi-
cial authority to contradict this statement.
Mr. C. J. liXGERSOLL. I will not wait for
any authority. 1 deny it most unqualifiedly.
Mr. P. KING. I have no other authority on
this subject than public rumor, and tius I believe
to he correct.
Mr. WINTIIROP. It cannot bo correct. What
sort of tin Administration arc you supporting, if
you can believe them to have been guilty of an act
! of such gross duplicity in I lie face of the world,
' in order to furnish themselves with ci pretext for
war? 1 would not have heard their enemy sug-
gest such ari idea.
Mr. P. Kl.\G, (Mr. W. a ain yielding the floor
for explanation.) Any man of common sense
might have known that such a proposition to the
British Government would bo rejected, as it has
been, without even being lemitted across the
water.
Mr. WINTHROP. Better and better. I thank
the honorable member even more for the admis-
sion he has now made.
Mr. P. KING. You are welcome to it.
Mr. WfNTHROP. I am under no particular
obligation to vindicate the course of the present
Administration. But, as an American citizen,
without regard to party, and with a single eye to
the honor of my country, I would indignantly
repel the idea that our Government, in whose-
soever hands it might be,'could be guiltyof so1
scandalous and abominable an act as that which
has now been imputed to it by one of its peculiar
defenders. But the honorable member admits
that any man of common sense must have under-
stood that the Minister of Great Britain would
refuse the offer which was thus (hypocritically,
as he believes) made, and would refuse it pre-
cisely as it has been refused, without even trans-
mitting it across the water. What, then, becomes
of all "the indignation which has been expressed
and implied by the Administration and its friends,
from the Secretary of State downwards, at the
rejection, and more particularly at the manner of
the rejection of that offer? "Why, it seems, after
nll, that the honorable member and myself are not
so very far apart. This admission of his is en-
tirely m accordance with the view which I have
already expressed, that if any compromise what-
ever was to be made, (and I rejoice to find that
even the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs has thismorning emphatically denominated
himself a compromiser,) the rejection of this pre-
cise offer does not authorize us to leap at once to
the conclusion that " no compromise which the
United States ought to accept can be effected."
If our Government has thus far made no offer,
pxeept one which " any man of common sense
' might have known would be rejected precisely
' as it has been,"I trust it will bethink itself of
making another hereafter, which will afford to
Great Britain a less reasonable pretext for so sum-
mary a proceeding.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is certainly possible that,
with the best intentions on both sides of the water,
all efforts at negotiating a compromise may fail.
It may turn out hereafter, though I deny that it i 
yet proved, that no compromise which the United
States ought to accept can be effected. What
then? Ts there no resort but war? Yes, yes;
there is still another easy and obvious mode of
averting that fearful alternative. I mean arbitra-
tion; a resort so reasonable, so just, so conform-
able to the principles which govern us m our daily
domestic affairs, so' conformable to the spirit of
civilization and Christianity, that no man will ven-
ture to say one word against it in the abstract. But
then we can find no impartial arbiter, say gentle-
men; and, therefore, we will have no arbitration.
Our title is so clear and no indisputable that we can
find nobody in the wide world impartial enough to
give it a fair consideration !
Sir, this is a most unworthy pretence ; un-
worthy of us, and offensive to all mankind. It is
doing injustice to our own case and to our own
character to assume that all the world are preju-
diced against us. Nothingbut a consciousness of
having given cause for such a state of feeling
could have suggested its existence. The day has
been when we could hold up our heads and ap-
peal confidently, not merely for justice, but for
sympathy and succor, if they were needed, to
more than one gallant and generous nation. We
may do so again, if we will not wantonly outrage
the feelings of the civilized world. For myself,
there is no monarch m Europe to whom I should
fear to submit this question. The King of France,
the King of Prussia, the Emperor of Russia,
cither of them would bring to it intelligence, im-
partiality and ability. But if there be a jealousy
of crowned heads, why not propose a commission
of civilians? Tf you will put no trust in princes,
there are profound jurists, accomplished histo-
rians, men of learning, philosophy, and science,
on both sides of the water, from whom a tribunal
might be constituted, whose decision upon any
question would command universal confidence and
rcspect. The venerable Gallatin, (to name no
other American name,) to whose original exposi-
tion of this question we owe almost all that is
valuable in the papers by which our title has since
been enforced, would add the crowning grace to
his long life of patriotic service, by representing
his country oncc more in a tribunal to which her
honor, her interests, and her peace might safely be
entrusted. At any rate, let us not reject the idea
of arbitration in the abstract; and if the terms
cannot be agreed upon afterwards, we shall have
some apology for not submitting to it. General
Jackson, sir, did not regard arbitration as a mea-
sure unfit eiteer for him or his country fo adopt.
Indeed, it is well understood that he was so indig--
