126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 3,
traditionary discoveries as sources of title. Does
he not know that Great Britain, rejecting these,
now founds her claim on other ground? That her
commissioners have officially ileckired that the
rights of the United States and of England, ou ttie
northwest coast, arc now to be traced, not in nar-
ratives of early voyages, many of them apochry-
phal, but in the text of the Nontka convention
of 1790? That convention, she declares, contains
the entire title—ours andlieis. Now, sir, 1 will
not, at this time, go into a subjcct somewhat in-
tricate and tedious; but if the House, when the
Oregon question comcs directly before them, will
atford mc an opportunity, I promise to prove,
from documents official and uncontested, even if
we grant to England all she asserts in regard to
this celebrated-convention, and admit that it is in
force to the present day; that, even then, a com-
promise founded on this very document, thus
claimed by England as the sole just foundation of
territorial right in Oregon, would be a compromise
at latitude jifiy-txoo, not at latitude forty-nine; and
that when our Government, as she has so often
done, has offered forty-nine, she lias wtneken oif,
for the sake of peace, three entire degrees, and
that, too, from her just demand, supposing it
f>unded on the veiy convention whirh England
sets up as the charter of her lights m Oregon.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has said
that peace—any peace—is in itself an honor. 1
must differ from him in that opinion. I hope and
believe that there is not on tins floor one more
sincerely friendly to peace, one more desirous to
see it maintained, than myself. But there may
be peace, not only not honorable, but utterly dis-
graceful; peace obtained by truckling, peace tol-
erating gross injustice. And, more, there may
peace fur the moment, to be followed by aggra-
vated war ere long. 1 am reminded of an anec-
dote related by a revolutionary writer. It was on
the eve of the great struggle which made, America
free, that a certain man was standing at his door,
his little boy by his side, and engaged in conver-
sation touching the apprehended war. It was
argued that, sooner or later, it was evident there
must be a rupture with Great Britain; and that all
that could be1 done was to delay it for a season.
" Well," said he, "at any rate, let jue have peace
in my day!" How just and noble the sentiment
of the writer, who remarks, that if that nun had
felt as a parent should, his language would have
been far different; lie would linve said: "If war
must come, let it come now, that my child may
have peace." Hollow peace is neither honorable
nor profitable; and hollow that peace must be that
leaves the entire question of tcrntonal right west
of the Rocky mountains vague and open. Do
you believe, sir, that our people—those of our
western frontier especially—aie to be tied down to
the line of the Columbia, because Great Britain,
or her Hudson Bay Company, sees fit to seek to
prevent settlement north of that river? And even
if they were permitted to seitle there, how Ion?,
think you, will they be content, without title to
lands, which we cannot give, till, by the notice,
this convention is terminated.? It avails us little
to postpone a declaration of war here, and trans-
fer war itself to Oregon. I
Sir, there is another remark of the gentleman j
from Massachusetts, on which I have a word to
say. The world, he says, will not hold us blame-
less, if, m ease wo cannot otherwise settle this dif-
ference, we decline to refer it to arbitration. Great
Britain, he reminds us, has proposed to arbitiate.
If the gentleman has read the early history of the 1
dispute between Spam and Great Britain in regard
to this very territory, he knows, that, in the course '
of the negotiations of 1790, between Count Florida
Blanca and Alleyne Fitzherbcrt, this very offer to
arbitrate was made by Spain to Great Britain; with
the additional admission (not now made by Eng-
land to us) that she herself might select the arbi- ;
ter. Was that proposal agreed to then by Great '
Britain? No, sir. She declared that she would
intrust the settlement of her rights to no third per-
son. It ill becomes her, now, to find fault with our
refusal. The truth is, we have already oflcred the
very utmost we ought, under any circumstances,
to accede to. To what purpose, then, an arbitra-
tion ?
A single word more, sir, and I shall close. It
is in reply to the argument of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, that our Spanish title, of which wc
say so much now-a-days, was thought so little of
in 1818, that wc did not even urge it in the course
of the negotiations of that year." If the gentleman
will take tlie trouble to refer to the date of the treaty
by which, first and alone, we obtained the Spanish
utlc to Oregon, he will find the date to be 1819,
IIow could we plead, in 1818, a branch of our title
we did not acquire until a year afterwards? The
gentleman must see that that argument is good for
nothing. During the negotiations of 1818, our com-
missioners were scrupulously careful in stating,-
that they did not contend that our title to Oregon
was perfect, but only that it was good as against
England. This has sometimes, by superficial ob-
servers, been quoted against us as a weak conces-
sion ; whereas, in fact, it was but a just reservation
of the rights of Spain.
1 owe to the House an apology for the very
desultory character of these remarks, drawn from
me, on the moment, by some points requiring an
answer in the speech of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. BAKER,of Illinois, now obtained the floor,
and, the hour heing late, moved to adjourn; but
the motion was rejected by the House. So he
proceeded with ius'speeeh. Much of it, however,
was delivered with such exceeding animation and
rapidity as to defy anything like an attempt to
give a perfect report of it. Wc can but sketch
some of its prominent points.
Mr. B. was understood to say that he could not,
would not, vote an appropriation for any objcct
but fortifications, till lie could be able to judge
from the manifestations in that House whether we
were to have peace or war. Being constrained to
act according to the convictions of his own mind,
he must differ much from some things that had
boon said in the debate. He understood it to be
the chief aim of the present discussion to give the
several committees an opportunity of knowing
what was the temper and what would be the prob-
able determination of the House, that they might
shape their respective measures for a prospect of
peace or war. JNow, Mr. B. went for the whole
of Oregon; for every grain of sand that sparkled
in her moonlight, and every pebble on its wave-
worn strand. It was ours—all ours; ours by
treaty—ours by discovery.
Mr. B. might as well at once address himself to
a point winch had excitod some sneers: namgly,
to the doctrine that it was our manifest destiny to
come into the ultimate possession of this territory
of Oregon. There was such a thing as the mani-
fest destiny of a nation; and Mr. B. doubted not
that the Pilgrim ancestors of his eloquent friend
(Mr. Wistthrop] had in their day beheld in "rapt
dream and solemn vision " all that the sight of
which now made our hearts to glow. That man
j must be pool in discernment who could see nothing
I like a destiny of freedom, of wealth and power, in
1 a country such as ours, inhabited by twenty mil-
] lions of such a population. It was a destiny to
which Mr. B. could not shut his eyes; and it ap-
plied to this question of Oregon with a force that
deserved some better reply than a sneer. His
friend appeared to consider this notion of a mani-
fest destiny, as having proceeded, like the Mormon
bible, from some dark hole or cavern in the Stale
of Illinois. If it did, this was not the fust time
when there had broken from the deepest darkness
a ray of heavenly light so brilliant as to illuminate
the world. But he could say to that gentleman
j that this notion came from no such source, but
| was incorporated in the nature of man and in the
! history of nations ; it is a thought that leaps forth
; from the American heart like a bright sword from
! its scabbard. There was such a thing as a destiny
: for this American race—a destiny that would yet
I appear upon the great chart of human history. It
| was already fulfilling, and that was a reason why
! we could now refuse to Great Britain that which
I we had offered her in ISIS and 1824. Reasons
j existed now in our condition which did not exist
! then. Who at that time could have divined that our
boundary was to be extended to the Rio del Norte,
if not to Zacatccas, to Potosi, to California? No,
we had a destiny, and Mr. B. felt it.
President Monroe had declared it in his Message
of 18:23; Mr. Webster had glanced at it in his
speech on the Panama mission, that, though Cuba
was not ours, and we did not want it, yet if any
European Power should take forcible possession
of it, the world would pronounce such an act an
aggression on our rights. And why? Because
Cuba was the " tongue which God had placed in
the Gulf of Mexico" to dictate commercial law to
all who sought the Caribbean sea. And England
was not to be allowed to take Cuba or hold Oregon;
because wc, the people of the United States, had
spread* were spreading, and intended to spread,and
should spread,and go on to spread, [A laugh.]
Mr. B. insisted that we had a rigiit to look to
the future, and make it a rule for the present; and
it was our right and our duty to provide for future
generations as well as for ourselves. And on this
principle he put the Oregon question. What had
England to do with Oregon ? What did she want
with it? For his own part, Mr. B, had not much
regard on the question of title to musty records
and the voyages of old sea captains, or to Spanish
treaties,because we had a higher and a better title
under the law of nature and of nations; because
no other nation might be allowed to interfere with
Oregon consistently with our safety, Russia, for
example, might claim other and larger territorial
rights than Austria or Prussia could, because Rus-
sian population could extend, and could enlarge its
limits, while Austria and Prussia were hemmed in
by surrounding nations. We had a continent be-
fore us in which to spread our free principles, our
language, our literature,and power; and we had
a present right to provide for this future progress.
To do so was to secure our safety, in the widest
and the highest sense; and this our destiny had
now become so manifest that it could not fail but
by our own folly. Supposing a British captain?
could now discover some great island immediately
on our coast, and commanding one of our harbors?
would wc allow England to take and to hold that
island because it was a British captain that dis-
covered it? No ; we should proceed on the prin-
ciple of the national safety, and we should take
and hold the island just as Great Britain now
held Gibraltar. Divide Oregon by the Columbia
river! Why, wc could scarcely keep peace on the
Canada line, though both nations desired it. But
if we were to have a British territory on one side of
the Columbia, and an American on the other, what
could we expect but war and bloodshed, and that
of the very worst kind, because it would arise from
a thousand petty local causes.
Mr. B. said he scarcely believed Great Britain
would make war with us at all, but certainly every
argument here offered for peace could be better
addressed elsewhere. England had no such horror
of war as some gentlemen here seemed to feeL
But he did not think we must have war if we once
terminated the joint occupation of Oregon, tie
thought the best way, and surest, to bring a war
upon ourselves was to show a cringing and .a cow-
ardly spirit, and to hesitate in going for what was
our own. Mr. B, here made a strong appeal to
those gentlemen who had pledged themselves for
Oregon in the Baltimore Convention. In that body
they went for the whole of Oregon; but it was then
for a political object. Would they talk as strongly
now? Were they ready to follow the venerable
man [Mr. Adam*] who inherited the blood of an-
cestors who had ever been ready to resist every
foreign foe—a man whose strongest passion was
his love for his country.
Mr. B. had not advocated the occupation of Ore*
gon in 1844, because he thought it ought not to be
made a party question; but we were now in differ-
ent circumstances. Now the President had assert-
ed our right, and negotiation was suspended. Why
should we give it up? Were we afraid of Great
Britain? Would a war hurt us any more than it
would hurt her? Might we not say to England r
You have no need of war for- glory; you have
gained it on every sea and in every land; your tri-
umphs are written in every language—have been
celebrated by orators and sung by poets in every age
and clime; you have triumphed at the Nile—you
have triumphed at Trafalgar—you have triumphed
at Scringapatam—you have triumphed at Water-
loo: in war, in council, in science, in the liberal
arts, in morals and religion—in all that can make a
nation great, powerful, and illustrious, you have
been pre-eminent over all the world: ana why do
you now seek to make war with us to wrest from
us a barren territory which, though valuable to us
from its position, can be of but little consequence
to you? If Great Britain should be deaf to such
an appea1, and would still insist on extending her
dominion over our shores, Mr. B: trusted that we
should never sheath the sword till we had swept
every trace and memorial and footstep of her em-
pire from this entire continent. ,
