1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
The sentiments and feelings of the West on this
subject were greatly misunderstood. He felt tha t
standing1 here he represented fifty thousand Whig
votes in Illinois, and, unfortunately, that he was
the only representative of the Whi£ votes of the
adjacent States of Missouri and Arkansas and
Michigan, and a long list of States besides—too
long to be pleasant for him to recite, [much laugh-
ter,]—and in their name he wished gentlemen to
understand what it was that the West desired on
the subject of war. They felt the liveliest sympa-
thy with their brethren in the East and in the
South in regard to the dangers of their commerce.
And how could it be otherwise? Was it not their
commerce that carried abroad the produce of the
West? And he wished them to understand that
whenever their interests were assailed, and the foe
was to be met man to man in the open field, then
the best blood of the West was ready to be poured
out. Poor though they were, what better evidence
could they give of devotion to their country than
pouring out their blood upon the earth for her
honor or defence? ft was all they had. And such
men were not to be told that because our cities on
the seaboard were great and wealthy and powerful,
the honor of the country must be sacrificed to their
particular interests. Yet they were for peace, if it
could be had with honor.
Mr. B. was for peace, but it depended upon how
that peace was won. Athens had peace with Phil-
ip; but was it an honorable peace? Was it "in
itself the highest of honors?'' Had not Demos-
thenes besought them to devote a theatrical fund
to the support of the army, and implored in vain?
Sir, the acts of a dishonorable peace do but forge
the fetters to bind a nation. How had every Re-
public in history obtained her glory? Was it by
arts, and literature, and refinement? Or was it not
by the stern spirit of freedom, which loved war
rather than yield to dishonor? Mr. 13. considered
that peace as the highest of honors which was
won by arms in contending for our rights. He in-
sisted that if we yielded for peace sake a part of
the territory which was justly ours, it would not
be an honorable pence. It had been said that we
had once offered compromises, and therefore should
do it again. Yes, we had; but that was when we
did not see, in the same glorious light we now be-
held it, the nation's manifest destiny. Our offers
of compromise had been scornfully rejected; and :
now, were we bound to repeat them ? Now, Pres-
ident Polk and Mr. Secretory Buchanan and the
Democratic Convention of Baltimore had all pledg-
ed themselves to the world that Oregon was ours—
that all Oregon was ours; and now, when the eyes
of the world were fixed upon us, must we give it
up? He would never give it up; never, after it had
once been offered to a nation that was too haugh-
ty to accept our compromise. The West did not
want the notice to lie given for the sake of a war;
but they believed that there was such a thing as
national honor, and neither Eastern commercc nor
Southern cotton should induce them ever to aban-
don it.
For himself, Mr. had no leaning to the pres-
ent Administration. If a word of his would put
Mr, Polk out of office, he should go out to-mor-
row; but on a national question like this, Mr. B.
stood ready to sustain him. Were our negotia-
tions closed or not ? He would be glad if the gen-
tleman from Illinois would inform him.
[Mr. DOUGLASS. They are closed.]
Then he wanted to know what was to be done
with the Oregon bill. He must know this before
he was ready to vote any increase of' our army.
Our little army of five or six thousand men had
been sufficient to guard our country, and the terror
of the American name was of itself a sufficient
safeguard without any army. And Mr. B. would
not vote to increase our military force until the
President himself should tell us that war was com-
ing, Whenever he should say th#t, then Mr. B.
would vote without stint for army, navy, forts,
volunteers, riflemen, dragoons, sappers, miners— :
anything and everything that was necessary to '
maintain the honor of the country. I
It was sometimes asked, where was our title to i
Oregon ? The gentleman from Massachusetts had
said that echo answered, where? He was sure he
did not misunderstand the honorable gentleman
when he said that ours was not only the best title,
but one almost, if not quite, susceptible of proof I
in a court of justice. If so, why surrender it? 1
Why divide.-' Why arbitrate? We need a foot-
hold on the Pacific; our commerce requires it; our
present and our future interests require it. Can a
division of territory, and such a division, secure it?
Why arbitrate ? The honorable gentleman him-
self says he would not leave it to a crowned head,
but rather "to private individuals, to eminent
men." Since when, sir, has a great nation divested
itself of the emblems of its pomp and the ensigns
of its sovereignty, and, doffing its imperial purple,
appeared in the antechamber of some private citi-
zen as a suppliant for conditions on which peace
might be preserved ? Did we arbitrate with Mexi-
co for Texas? Did Great Britain arbitrate tcith
Spain for this same territory ? Did she arbitrate
with China, or the Affghans ? No, sir. After our
broad, deliberate reiteration of title to the whole
territory, how can we arbitrate ? Let us trust there
will be no war; but, if it should come, how can we
struggle m a nobler cause than for our soil and
our honor? Mr. Speaker, if, from this claim, an
echo shall come back, it may not come from Ore-
gon, but it will come from the Caiuidas. Sir, it
will be " the last echo of a host o^i'thrown." The
British power will be swept from this continent,
forever; and though she may, "like the Sultan
sun, struggle upon the fiery verge ofheaven," she
must yield at last to the impulses of freedom, and
to the touch of that destiny which shall crush her
power in the Western hemisphere.
Mr. B. having concluded,
Mr. McDOWELL obtained the floor, but yield-
ed to a motion for adjournment, which prevailing,
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
Petitions, Memorials, &o., were presented, and
referred under the rule, as follows:
I5y Mr. JAMES H. JOHNSON: The pptition of Benja-
min G. retkin>, prajing ior the allowance of a pension, as
an invalid, in consideration of disabilities inclined during
his service m the (Jnitod States army.
I5y Mr, LEWIS' A petition of numerous citizens of New
York, for an nppropiuition to build a light-houac and com-
plete the harboi at the mouth of Cattaraugus creek, New
York.
Ky Mr. MOSKLY: A similar petition of citizens of Buf-
falo.
JJy Mr. STEPHENS: The petition of John McCoid and
190 othf-r citizens of Jackson m the county of Butts, m
Georgia, a^knuj for the establishment ol a tri-wcekly ui<ul
loute between Covington and Foisyth, via Lofrus,s stoie,
Jackson, Indian Spungy, and GulleNviiie,
Also, the petition of Sylvanus Bell and 47 other citizens
of Indian Springs and vicinity, asking tor the same.
Also, the petition of Robert Mays and 30 other citizens of
Butts county, Georgia, asking l'or the same thing.
By Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS : The petition of Jose Car-
scillo, praying confirmation for a claim to a tract of land
therein deseiihed.
By Mr. MOUSE: The petition of Jas. H. Caldwell, pray-
ing for compensation for work done on the Murine Hospital
at New Orleans not included in the contract, but oidered
and approved by the agents of the Government.
By Mr. HOGE: The petition ot'114 inhabitants of the town
of Elizabeth, m the county of Jo Daviess, State of Illinois,
asking a grant of 130 acres of land upon which said town
built, under such regulations as Congress may deem neces-
sary, the piocceds of the sale thereof' to be appropriated to
the purposes of education m said town.
By Mi. WENT WORTH: The petition of W. B. Snow-
hook and others, foi a mad mute from Chicago, via Mulford,
Stebbms, Gro«s Point, Elhsville, and Liulefort, to South-
port, Wisconsin.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 5, 1846.
PETITIONS.
Mr. LEWIS asked that the petition of Charles
G. Page, on the files of the Senate, he referred to
the Committee on Patents; which was ordered.
Mr. BAG BY presented the petition of David
I Little, asking compensation for extra services per-
1 formed at the Patent Office as a messenger*, which
! was referred to the Committee on Patents,
i Mr. ATHERTON presented the petition of
Hannah Atwood, widow of F. A. Drew, asking
a pension: which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions. -
Mr. UPHAM presented a remonstrance ag-ainst
the admission of Texas into the Union ; which i
was laid on the table.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Patents,
reported a bill for the relief of James Bogardus,
whose petition for renewal of a patent was leferred
to said committee.
On motion of Mr. L., no objection being made,
the bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. L. moved that the bill be engrossed for a
third reading, if there was no objection.
Mr. DAViS remarked that, although he had no
personal feeling with regard to the passage of the
bill, as it involved a patent-right, which was an
important matter, he hoped that it would lie
over.
The motion for the third reading of the bill was
then withdrawn.
BILLS.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported the following bill,
which was read a first time :
An Act establishing certain post routes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre~
sentatives of the United States of Jimerica in Congress
assembled, Tlmt there be, and is hereby estab-
lished, a po«t route from New Orleans, in the State
of Louisiana, along the Gulf coast to Galve&ton,
thence to Yelasco, to Matagorda, to Pass Aransas,
and to Corpus Christi, in Texas; that a post route
be also established from Galveston to the city of
Houston, thence to Montgomery, to Washington,
to Independence, to La Grange, to Bastrop, and
thence to the city of Austin; and that it be the
duty of the Postmaster General to contract for
carrying a mail on said routes as soon as can con-
veniently be done, after the passage of this act.
Mr. SPEIGHT said he would like to hear the
bill presented by the gentleman from Connecticut
[Mr. Niles] read. He believed that it was a
standing rule of the Senate to refer bills providing
for the establishment of post routes to the printing
committee; and if it was not now too late, as the
hill introduced was an important one, he hoped it
would be read.
The lull was then read.
Mr. BREESE, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce " A bill authorizing
' persons to whom reservations of land had been
' made under Indian treaties, to alienate the same
' in fee;" which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Allan's.
Mr. ASHLEY, puisuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce " A bill for the lehef
' of David AT. Williamson, of Oak county, in the
5 State of Arkansas;" which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the Speaker had
signed the joint resolution to print the annual esti-
mates, and requesting the signature of the Yice
Piesident thereto.
The PRESIDENT having read the title of the
joint resolution, signed the same.
Mr. EVANS gave notice of his intention to ask
leave of the Senate to introduce a bill for the relief
of Noah Conklm.
HE SOLUTIONS.
Mr. UPIIAM presented the following resolu-
tions of inquiry, which were adopted :
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of so amending the act entitled "An act to regulate
; the pay of the army while on fatigue duty," ap-
J proved March 2,1819, as to allow the non-comnus-
| sioned oilicers, musicians, and privates of (lie army
! employed on constant labor at work on fortifica-
; tiuns, cutting roads, &c., eighteen cents per day,
I in lieu of fifteen cents and an extra gill of spirits,
! now allowed by said act.
I Resolved, That the said committee be further in-
| structed to inquire into the expediency of authoi-
j lzing the commanding officer of a permanent fort
; or garrison to administer the on Mi required by law
to a recruit on his mhsting, or a soldier on re-in-
lisling, in the service of the United states.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on Contingent
! Expenses of the Senate, to whom was referred a
; resolution to reduce the cost of the printing of the
i Senate, submitted by Mr. Clayton on the 10th of
[ December last, reported the folio wing joint resolu-
\ tion, as a substitute therefor; which was read a
first time :
A Joint Resolution regulating the printing of Con-
greys, and establishing the compensation of the
same.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of Ike United States of America in Congress
j assembled, That from and after the passage of°this
I resolution, the printing ot the two Houses of Con-
