1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
institutions of Government over the earth—such a
war as the French Republic carried on. How long
will it be, sir, before all the nations of the earth would
be combined against us, if we-undertake such an
enterprise as this ? if, in the course of events, such
a conflict must take place, had we not better meet
it in our manhood, in the full vigor and strength of
maturity, than in our early days? The inevitable
consequence of a postponement of the struggle
would be favorable to our triumph in such a war.
Time was as important to us in reference to that
great struggle, as it was now in relation to Oregon.
We can gain Oregon if we await our time. Wc
could conquer the world if we abided our time;
but we ought not to rush prematuiely into the
struggle, and before we had reached our proper
stature and strength. If we consulted our pros-
pects of success, we would await our time, when
our power would be irresistible. That struggle
between systems could not, as had been supposed,
occur for some twenty, or fifty years hence, when
this country would be able to withstand and defy
the world in arms.- There was now no necessity
for such a war; neither our interests nor our honor
had been assailed. "Why not suffer things to re-
main as they are,? Sir, wc want time. The snug-
gle may come, but not in Oregon, When that war
arose, every man, woman, and child in the whole
country would feel its shock.
Sir, (said Mr. R.,) I am,not afraid of a war
with England, nor with any other nation. The
United States are in a position impregnable to any
assault. No nation can conquer us. The princi-
ples of our Government render us as incapable of
conquering other nations as they are of conquer-
ing us. But if we did wage a war of aggression,
we should have great reason to regret its success.
8iippo.se we subdue England, and plant our vic-
torious banner, if yon please, on the palace of Si.
James? We have got Oregon then, mid ruined
ourselves. Can any man suppose that our Gov-
ernment, at the cud of this long struggle, will be
what it now is? Will not military rule have be-
come substituted for constitutional order? I, sir,
am a peaceable man. I have been here nine years,
struggling to put,some limitations upon our (iov-
crnmcnt. f have ever been what has been called
a Jeii'ersoman Republican, though not. under mi
October sun; and it is my sincere belief that, if
this war should take place, it will so alter the form
of this Government, that it will become as despot-
ic as that of Russia. I call upon all those who
represent the democratic principles to say whether
they wish to see our limited institutions of Gov-
ernment run over by military power, and subjected
to military despotism. Our Constitution would
be utterly destroyed by wars, such as those which
are now thought expedient. The whole system
would crumble into ruins. We all know how
difficult it has been to put any limitations upon
the powers of* this Government. See what a
struggle had been continued for years between the
federal and anti-federal principles of our institu-
tions, and how great a tendency had always ex-
isted in our Government, towards centralization.
There had been a strong tendency to the aggran-
dizement of the head, and the subjection of the
several parts of the system. As soon as our Con-
stitution had gone into operation, it assumed a mil-
itary aspect. .And why? Because of the military
spirit which arose in the Revolution had become
infused into it. Thus, after the late war, the war
spirit was infused into the administration of the
Government. -The Federal principle became pre-
dominant, and it required a long and arduous strug-
gle to carry it back again to the .TeiTersonian prin-
ciples. As a Democrat, as I might be called ni the
North, or as a Republican, as I would be termed
in the South, I demand (said Mr. Rhett) that
you give us good reasons for urging us to a war,
or for putting us into a condition that shall moke
it inevitable. Show us that the honor of the coun-
try requires that we should go to war. Show us
that the sacrifices of war are demanded from us by
very necessity. How has our honor been sullied"5
Honor, you say, calls us; let us go on; all who fall
back are recreants. But still we are not told who
has assailed our honor or in what manner. It is
not from the South that this cry of honor comcs,
else it would be denounced as extravagant and idle.
You have not shown that our honor is likely so
much to be injured as to aftect our vital liberties.
You must make out a clear case before you call
upon us to go to war to sustain our honor. Honor
(said Mr. Riiett) is not only jealous of the rights
of the people, but it protects them. That is not
honor which takes fire at every occurrence in a ne-
gotiation; that is not honor which demands exclu-
sive advantages in every transaction between na-
tions. Before our fathers went into the war of the
Revolution, they endured, for ten years, a series of
aggressions upon their rights. They endured every
wrong, and sought redress in every mode, before
they appealed to the sword. If the object was to
obtain Oregon, and to obtain it without war, he was
ready to show the means by which we should cer-
tainly become masters of Oregon, unless Great Brit-
ain should move in the matter, which will be a
breach of faith on her part. All we had to do was
to let the convention iemain.
It had been remarked, that a single murder made
a vilhan, millions a hero. There were gentlemen
who joined in this outcry for war—war for honor
—that would consider a man worthy of a felon's
death who would call to private combat a leiiow-
citizen m such a quarrel as tins. But yet they
would deem it heroism to erect a trophy oi victoiy
upon a pedestal of human heads. To kill in a
duel,they would denounce as murdeious; towage
a bloody and desolating war, they would call
heroic. War is always *ui enormous cimie; often
on both sides—always on one. Negotiations must
fail—absolutely fail—and the object of the war
must be worth the sacrifice, before it could be
honorably resorted to. After all, in such cases,
the resort of war will bring with it more evils than
it cure*. This was always the case with aggres-
sive wars. It was only when the libei ties of a
country were assailed, vfhon its existence as a free
country was endangered, that war was \\ orth all
its hazards and saciiliees and evils. Such was
our condition m oui r< \olutioiuuy sirnggh, "when
our fathers were compelled to stand up for iheir
rights anil liberties. But it was wise that the South
was afraid of war, u bile the North, which courted
the favor of the "VYest, as it seemed, was full of }
chivalry, and ready to engage 111 the war in the |
most heioic manner. The gentleman hum i\las- !
saehusetts [Air. Adams] was against the late "war. ;
lie voted against it, and against the supplies tor j
canymg it on. But now he was a siienuous ad-
vocate for mcdsuies, the tendency of w inch was to 1
render war inevitable. We of the South, sir, do |
not boast of oui courage. i
JVJr. ADAMS here rose, and after Mr. It. had |
yielded the floor for a brief explanation, inquired |
whether the gentleman from South Carolina, m !
stating that the gentleman from Massachusetts j
voted against the late war, had alluded to him,
[Mr. Adams.]
Mr. RHETT. I did.
Mr. ADAMS. Then, sir, the gentleman is mis-
taken.
Mr. RHETT. Well, then, the gentleman from
Massachusetts was opposed to the war.
Mr. ADAMS, it the gentleman from South
Carolina will allow me, 1 will show that he is mis-
taken. The late war with Great Britain was de-
clared in lbh>. I was then in Russia, where I
had been sent in 3809. Three years befoic the
question of war arose, 1 was appointed by the then
President of the United States [Mr. Madison] as
the Minister of the United States to Russia. I
was appointed to that mission m consequence of
the support which i had given to the measures
adopted by Mr. Jefferson m opposition to Great
Britain.
If these facts are of so little importance as to be
little known to the rest of the world, still I might
have supposed them to be known to the gentleman
from South Carolina, who says that I \oted against
the war, or the measures for carrying it on.
vSir, the gentleman from South Carolina, in his
anxiety to find fault with Massachusetts, has used
me in the same manner as, in Don CUuxotte, the
knight wished to use his squne, urging him to sub-
mit to be bribed for the benefit of lus love to Dul-
cinea. The gentleman wishes, I suppose, to bribe
the State of Massachusetts through me. I have
nothing to say, sir, as to Massachusetts. I enter-
tain foi her the most profound love and veneration.
That I should be charged in the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States with an assent to
the measures of Massachusetts against the war, I
attribute to the ignorance of the gentleman, and
not to malignant intent.
Mr. RHETT resumed. NTo doubt, sir, not to
know the whole history of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, is to argue myself unknown. But
however important may be the facts which the gen-
tleman has set forth, or however extensively they
may be known to the world, I did not know them.
If this is to form a charge of ignorance against me,
I accept the imputation. My attention was drawn
to the gentleman in tins case, from the fact that his
course has been always hostile to South Carolina.
My people, sir, have such an opinion of the policy
and character of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, that when they see him on one side of a ques-
tion, they will very naturally take the other; and
especially when they see the ominous conjunction
between him and the member from Ohio, [Mr. Gid-
dixcs,] they would be very apt to black-ball me,
should they find me on the same side of the ques-
tion.
To proceed, sir, in my view of this subject. The
most strenuous opponents of private war, as I said
before, are now champions of a war which would
desolate the country, and involve it m the most
dire calamities. The constituents of the gentleman
from Massachusetts would consider the man who
killed his fellow in a quarrel as worthy of a felon's
grave; butheiewe have advocates for wholesale
murder. The people of the West and of the North,
who were so much opposed to private combat,
were now the special advocates for war, while
South Carolina was represented as lucking in cour-
age to meet the dangers of a war.
Mr. McCLELLAND. The gentleman from
South Carolina is too comprehensive in his re-
marks, if he includes the West.
Mr. RHETT. If not to the West, my remarks
apply to the noithwest. The gentleman from Illi-
nois near him had said that a game was playing on
tins subject, and the gentleman from New York
[Mr. R. Ki.voJ had undcitaken to tell us what the
game was. He pulled out a newspaper to show it
to us. The article whuh he read lefeued only to
one individual, [Mr. Calhoun",j and it was he who
was playing a game for the prevention of such
measures, but how, or with whom, was not ex-
plained. The gentleman, however, intimated thai
there was some duplicity m the movements a\:atm t
tins bill. For himself, he must say that no one
who knew him, m his private or public capacity,
could accuse lmn of seeking lus objects by any but
the most direct way.
[A member here remarked that he had spoken
merely of a rumor.]
Mr. RHETT. 1 will tell the gentleman what
rumor says of him. Rumor says that this ques-
tion is agitated for the. purpose of political ambi-
tion; that, in this pursuit of office and emolument,
the gentleman's friends are trafficing with the life
and liberties of the people. That, sir, is one of the
rumors.
[A voice. " Who is to have the benefit of all
this agitation?"]
i do not like (said Mr. R.) to name any one
who is not here, and for whose benefit rumor says
a fermentation is raised m the West on this ques-
tion. Rumor, says that New York is some-
what disailected, in consequence of the defeat of
her fa\ontc son at the late election, and that she is
now willing to seek an occasion to revenge herself
upon that quarter of the country to whose interpo-
sition the defeat of her candidate was owing. They
would repay the South by sweeping it with deso-
lation. The gentleman's explanation of the game
that was playing furnished a talisman which had
led to the discovery of his whole policy. He has a
double game to play, by which aspirants may grasp
at the power of the Government, and, at the same
time, punish the South. I know (said Mr. R.) that
my people think that this policy is dictated by those
who, at all times, have manifested the most dire and
unmitigated hostility against the South. Do gen-
tlemen here suppose that the people whom I repre-
sent, if there be nothing to justify a war, will go
into it? When war comes, whether with or with-
out lier assent, she will be found m the front rank,
where the battle is hottest; and where the flag is
proudly waving, there will she be found. But
we are Christian men; our Government is bo^-ed
on peace and justice. Ambition, winch has, in all
times, given the impulse to war, ought not to enter
into our councils. War is a corrupt expedient of
legislation, resorted to by those who wiJi to make
themselves masters of the destinies of their conn-
try. No nation ever retained its hbeitics, if led
into wars of aggression. All history tells but one
story on this subject. All who have left their oun
