144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. o.
country to make war upon another, have, in the
end, fallen under the dominion of tyrants. I call
on tms House to pause before they plunge us into
such a career. I wish not such a destiny for us,
I have been struggling for nine years to restrain
this Government within its proper and constitu-
tional limits. A war would break down all hftuls.
X consider this Government competent for all the
purposes for which it w as created. But I wish not
to give up lightly all the glorious triumphs of peace,
all the results of wisdom and experience, to follow
the headstrong impulses of personal and political
ambition. Let no one suppose that I intend to in-
timate that the South will alone suffer in the war,
or that the W est will have little share in its calami-
ties and sacrifices. I know that no people will be
more sell-sacrificing than the West. But we on
the seaboard have more to suffer than they. Still
it is not fiom that wo shrink from a war; but we
would not encounter its dangers without some sub-
stantial 'reasons.
I have said nothing concerning the negotiation—
nothing in regard to the question which it concerns.
I do not, however, believe that the negotiation is
ended. The negotiation is not at on end. I am
willing that all the responsibility of contracting it
shall be left with the President. I would not take
the matter out of his hands, and pursue such a
eoursc of measures as would lead to hostility and
war.
After Mr. RIIETT had concluded,
Mr. L. H. SIMMS obtained the iloor, and ad-
dressed the House on the question, lie ought
probably, he said, to apologize to the House for
claiming their attention. Rut on the other side of
the Hall he saw a colleague who, with himself, re-
sided on the western frontier of Missouri, in the
region winch was nearest the Oregon Territory;
and it must be conceded by gentlemen that those
who lived in that quarter took a deep interest in
this subject. It might be recollected, too, that the
people of Missouri, and their represcntatn us heie,
had ever taken an anxious interest in the Oregon
question. He would be wanting m Ins duty, there-
fore, to the people of Missouri, if he failed to make
some remarks, though he did not profess to be able
to enlighten the House on tins important subject.
Sir, the first proposition winch I intend to con- j
sider, I will put in the form of an interrogatory. ;
1 ask tins country and nation, whether Oregon ]
is ours or not? lie had seen no man yet who i
dared to say that we had no ri^ht to Oregon. Now,
sir, if we have a right to Oregon up to the 49th par- ■
allel, we have the right to it up to the 54th. It i
might be true that the people of his district fell a j
more warm aileetion for Oregon than others in this ;
nation. He could not help feeling for it the waim- ;
est aileetion. If, therefoie, said he, I should say !
anything calculated to wound the feelings of any ,
who hear me, I assure them that it is not my m- i
tention. I have witnessed the tears of the mother :
in parting with her son, or her daughter, when they
took up the travel for Oregon, which was said by
gentlemen to be a route so impracticable and so
lull of dangers ; and I have sympathized in the ;
feelings of the aged father, when he lias seen his
children depart for that country where they were ;
to find a home on the borders of the Pacific. j
I will notice what the gentleman from South Car- !
olina said, if it be in order, as to this country being
the refuge of liberty and free to all comers from •.
every nation, who are suffering under tyranny and j
oppression; and. I was surprised that he was will- ,
ing to let Oregon alone, and thus close it to those
who may seek, under our protection, a home m :
that country. He would lea^o our rights in Oregon 1
the subjeet of negotiation withanation which never
■vieMed" anything in its diplomacy to us, or to any
other people. We had here openly discussed every
branch of tins question, and our views upon it were
known to all the world. But you can never tell -
what are the purposes of Great Britain from the ,
debates m her Parliament, for the decision of such ;
questions does not depend upon the small portion ;
of the popular principle whirh is infused in her !
system of government. Being a resident of the
frontier, where i have cast my lot in life, 1 feel very (
tkeply the necessity of giving notice to Great Brit- j
ain of our pttrpose to terminate the joint occupancy .
of Oregon. The gentleman from South Carolina |
asks for reasons why we should do this, and I will J
give them. Proposition after proposition have we i
made to Great Britain for the settlement of this j
question, and a division of the territory between j
her and us. All these she had steadily refused,
and had I been with the President when lie offered
the last compromise of the 49th parallel, I would
have advised him against it. But, sir, the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. King] was mistaken
when he said that the President had not made that
offer in sincerity. Sir, X have known the Presi-
dent intimately, and for many years, during his
whole public and private career. I have known
his whole history, and have marked his devotion
to republican principles, in every station that he
has filled. lie never made one ofler in bad faith.
He would not have withheld this offer, had he sup-
posed that it would bo accepted, and he intended to
be bound by it.
Mr. PRESTON ICING inquired of the gentle-
man, if he referred to anything which he had said
when he spoke of the faith of the Government.
If so, he desired to say that he (Mr. K.) had said
nothing on the subject of the faith of the Govern-
ment. The question of faith, good or bad, was
not at all involved in the offer last made by our
Government to Gieat Britain. If it had been ac-
cepted, our Government would ha\c been bound
by it, and the line settled at 49°. It was for this
very reason he had said he would not have made
the oiler. The offer was rejected by the British
Government, and we were saved from all injury.
He (Mr. King) felt no sensitiveness on this sub-
ject of the faith of the Government. The honor
of the country was in safe hands, in the care of the
Administration. His acts, and the votes of those
who sent him here, were the testimonials of his faith
for the past aw they would be for the future.
Air. SIMMS resumed. It is so common on thus
floor for inexperienced members to make apologies
for their embarrassment, that 1 will not offer any
for mine. 1 do not intend to make any personal
allusions to any gentleman here; and i find so
much difficulty m getting along with all the qucs-
j lions that may be iai*ed by the North or by the
South, and by lawyers, and metaphysicians, and
learned doctors, who abound here, that 1 shall be
slow in getting along. I hope, therefore, that gen-
tlemen will keep cool, and suffer me to get through.
1 was about to say, sir, lhat (lie fact that the Presi-
dent offered the forty-ninth degree as a compro-
mise, is no reason why he should make it again,
or why he should take it if offered by the other
party. Suppose that I have a cargo of flour in
the port of Boston; a man may come to buy it; I
otfer it for six dollars, and he refuses it. Suppose
that 1 go out on the wharf, and find that flour is
worth eight dollars. Am 1 bound to take the offer
of six dollais, or to olier it agam at that price?
This is precisely an analogous case.
A great deal had been said here about war. I
wish it to be distinctly understood what banner
i fight under. It is " for Oregon, all or none, now
or never." Not only I myself, but all my own
people whom I represent, will stand up to this
motto. Around that will we rally, and for it will
| we fight, till the Ihitish Hon shall trail in the dust.
I The lion has cowered before us before. Talk of
| whipping this nation! Though not, sir, brought
J up m the tented field, nor accustomed to make war
l an exercise, and do not so much'thirst for martial
| renown as to dtsire to witness such a war, yet I
. cannot fear it, nor doubt its success.
i 'The gentleman from South Carolina had brought
; several other topics into view; and 1 believe that
■ gentleman would die if he could not say something
| about abolition and slavery. I do not wish to say
| anything against the South. No, God furbid; for
' she has too often displayed her patriotism in the
! battle-field, and her devotion to democratic princi-
: pies. I do not, sir, desire to witness the shock of
war, its pomp and parade, and its bloody fields;
1 nor do I even wish to hear the shouts of those tri-
i umphs which I know we shall achieve in the strug-
- gle; but I do hope that we shall never subiAit to
. British dictation.
, When I was a boy, sir—a small boy—in 1815,1
, was with my father at church, where he was offer-
i ing his piayers to the Almighty, and it was then
; that the news of the \ictory of New Orleans was
i brought to the spot. I never felt so happy, sir, as
I at that moment. At that moment my love of coun-
! try commenced, and from that hour it has increased
! more and more every year; and I shall be ever
| ready to peril everything in my power for the good
j of my country. Sir, I do not fear that such will
; be the result. Will Great Britain make war upon
| us for talcing and using thai wliich is our own?
Will she do this, when the treaty itself provides
that either may terminate the joint occupancy by
giving notice? If she desires to have a war, let
war come. Still, I am for the whole of Oregon,
and for nothing else but the whole; and in defence
of it I will willingly see every river, from its moun-
tain source to the ocean, reddened with the blood
of the contest. Talk about this country being
whipped! The thing is impossible. Why did
not Great Britain whip us long ago, if she could?
Why should we give up Oregon, and cut off the
West from the trade with China, and give it all
to Great Britain? If we show that we are afraid
of Great Britain, the loss of the country will be
certain.
What is peace without honor? If we once give
way on one point, we shall soon be called to yield
another; and so on, till v/e have nothing to lose.
The situation of things on the Northeastern boun-
dary, I do not wish to see in the West. Those
neighbors on one side of a line see in those on the
other bitter foes. Talk about dividing the territory
bv the forty-ninth parallel! That would be a pretty
piece of business. With Great Britain on one side,
and the United States on the other, perpetual hos-
tilities must be expected. There never could be
any peace between them.
I shall lose as much as any one in a war—I do
not mean in property; but I have a wife and chil-
dren, and I love them with all the heart and soul
that I possess. No one can love his family more
than I do mine, unless a stronger intellect may give
him more strength of affection ; and my family
will be exposed to the merciless savages, who will,
as ever, become the allies of Great Britain in any
war. They will be exposed to the horrors of the
tomahawk and scalping-knife. But still, sir, mv
people on the frontier will press on to the mouth
of the Columbia, and fight for Oregon. I am not
sure but I will go myself.
We talk about aggression upon British rights.
He would like to read a paper he held in his hand.
Great Britain had acquired by force one million six
hundred and twenty-four thousand square miles.
What nation has she not plundered of her territo-
ry ? Ask France how she got the Canadas. Ask
Spain, ask India, how she has acquired possessions
belonging to them. Now we would invite Great
Britain to come over here and takeaway the inherit-
ance of our children. It was said that the route
to Oregon was impracticable, and that it was beset
with dangerous enemies, and that we could not
send troops over to Oregon, nor provisions to feed
j them. Now, sir, we of Missouri can fit out -ten
thousand wagon loads of provisions for Oregon at
any time, and ten thousand wagon-boys to drive
them, who, with their wagon whips will beat and
drive off all the British and Indians that they find
in their way. Some say tlieir ships will bring sol-
diers and provisions, and that they will block us
out of access to the ocean, and starve us. It was a
game that two could play at. They would have a
share in the starving, too.
If the Pilgrims who landed at Plymouth had
landed first at the mouth of the Columbia, the same
necessity for occupying the whole North American
continent would exist that exists now. Weshould
have pressed eastward till we had occupied the
shores of the Atlantic, and southward to the Gulf
of Mexico.
They say the Oregon country is poor; Then
why does Great Britain want it? We have agricul-
tural lands, and we would like to'have some man-
ufactures on the Pacific, and a share in its com-
merce and navigation. But, sir, much of Oregon
is a fine grazing country. There you will already
see flocks of sheep and herds of cattle in great
numbers. How is it possible, sir, that gentlemen
from the South should feel so indifferent to the
acquisition of Oregon, I cannot see. I myself be-
long, morally and geographically, to the country
south of Mason and Dixon's line. But I look
upon this as an American question, and upon the
country of Oregon as belonging to every portion of
the American people.
Without speaking to the peopla of other States,
he would say that, as to the people qf Missouri,
there was but one voice and one heart among them
on this question. If the whole people of Missouri
could he collected in a hollow square, and the line
of 49 put before them, and the line of 54, they
would all go for 54. If you put to them the ques-
tion, notice or no notice, they would all go for the
notice, and immediate.notice..
