THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR fc RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 9, 1846.
The more you cry out, " war, war, we are in
danger of war," the stronger they will go for Ore-
gon. They were not to be thus intimidated. The
western people had trie'd their valor on the plains
of New Orleans; and if the venerated patriot, who
now sleeps, in peace and honor, in the shades of
the Hermitage—he who refused to be buried in the
tomb of a -king—could be permitted to give us his
advice, he would say, "Go for Oregon, and for the
whole of Oregon." I must be excused, Mr. Speak-
er, for speaking of one who was my friend, one in
whose mansion I was, when a child, an inmate,
who often, when I was sleeping, has drawn the
covering over roe. From that neighborhood I
emigrated, and finally settled, with my wife and
children, on the frontiers of Missouri, exposed to
those Indians who are west of the Mississippi.
We are all fond of our early associations, of our
kin and blood, and he that does not refer to them
with pleasure, is not a true-hearted man.
Mr. MILLIARD obtained the floor; and, on his
motion, *
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 6, 1846.
PETITIONS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the pe-
tition of Francis Summeraner, a revolutionary sol-
dier, praying a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JARNAGIN presented the memorial of
Preston Starritt and others, claimants under the
Cherokee treaty of 1835-6, praying the passage of
n law_ authorizing the appointment of a board of
commissioners to adjudicate their claims; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON presented the petition of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying the location of
a light-house on Brand ywine shoals, m the Dela-
ware river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
petition of John L. Worden, an officer in the navy,
praying compensation for the performance of du-
ties belonging to officers of higher grade than that
which he holds; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ARCHER presented the petition of Jane
Hey], widow of Christopher Heyl, late a soldier
in the army of the United States, praying a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate cause
to be prepared for the use of the Senate ten thousand
copies of the map of the Oregon Territory, com-
piled by the United States Exploring Expedition:
provided said maps .shall not cost mere than ten
dollars per hundred.
The resolution, under the rule, lies over.
MONUMENT TO WASHINGTON.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings, reported the following joint resolu-
tion, which was read, and passed to a second read-
ing:
Resolved- by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of Jlmcrica in Congress as-
sembled, That the Washington National Monument
Society be, and it is hereby authorized to erect the
contemplated monument to the memory of Gen-
eral Washington, upon such portioh of the public
grounds or reservations within the city of Wash-
ington, not otherwise occupied; as shall be select-
ed by the President of the United States and the
Board of Managers of said society as a suitable
site on which to erect the said monument, and for
the protection thereof.
MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the following resolution; which
was agreed to:
10
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the Senate ail the information in
his department relating to the mineral lands in the
State of Illinois, south of the base line and east of
the third principal meridian, together with the num-
ber of leases or permits to work the same, and the
amount of rents, if any, received therefrom.
Mr. EVANS, pursuant to notice, introduced "A
bill granting a pension to Noah Conner;" which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported "A bill to pay the debt ascer-
' tained to be due to Texas when an independent
' State, by the United States;" which was read by
its title.
Mr. SPEIGHT called for the reading of the bill,
and it was read accordingly.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the bill and accom-
panying documents were ordered to be printed.
Mr. §. asked for the second reading of the bill,
but objection being made, he gave notice that he
would move to call it up some day this week.
LIGHT-HOUSES ON COAST OP MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. SPEIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of erect-
ing light-houses at the following points on the coast
of Mississippi: one on St. Joseph's Island, one on
Merrill's Shell-Bank, one at Mississippi city op-
posite John J. McCougli's dwelling-house, and one
at or near Beloxi.
Mr. BAGBY, from the Committee on Claims,
presented the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be,
and they are hereby, authorized to employ a clerk,
at a rate of compensation not exceeding four dol-
lars per day.
Mr. B. said that the business before the commit-
tee was accumulating very rapidly, and it would
be impossible for them to keep pace with it unless
the help proposed in the resolution was afforded
them. He belie ei that four dollars per day was
the compensation usually allowed for the proposed
service.
No objection being made, the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill for the relief of David M.
Williamson, of Oak county, State of Arkansas;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GREENE asked to be excused from further
service on the Committee on Enrolled Bills; which
request, no objection being made, was granted.
Mr. HANlSfEGAN asked to be excused from
further service as a member of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, as he was a member of three
other standing committees.
Mr. R. JOHNSON. The reason.
Mr. HANNEGAN. I will cheerfully give it.
I have been two years on this committee and am
now on two or three other committees. There are
gentlemen who are on no committee.
Mr. R. JOHNSON. Two or three years! You
are the better qualified.
Mr. Hannegan was then excused.
Mr. H. moved that the vacancy in the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, caused by his (Mr. H.'s)
resignation, be ailed by nomination by the Chair;
which was agreed to, and the President nominated
Mr. Bright, of Indiana.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON, from the Committee on
Claims, reported " A bill for the relief of Nathaniel
Goddard and others," which passed a first read-
ing, and was ordered to be printed.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The act entitled " An act for the relief of James
Bogardus, "was called up for a third reading; when
Mr. DAVIS said he had asked yesterday that
this bill should take the regular course, not be-
cause he had any objection to the passage of the
bill in this particular case, but because that bill in-
volved a principle of much importance, and which,
in his opinion, was worthy of the deliberation of
both Houses of Congress. It was a general prin-
New Series....No. 10.
ciple of law that a patentee had a monopoly of his
invention for fourteen years, and then the public
enjoyed the benefit of it; such had been the law
since the foundation of our Republic, tie would
not say that the renewal of a patent should not ill
some cases be granted; for cases sometimes oc-
cuired in which injustice would enure to the party
by a refusal to renew. He took it for granted
that this was a case of that description, as it had
been sustained and reported by the committee. It
was proper for him to say, after reading the re-
port, that justice could not be done to the inventor
without a renewal of the patent, as the gentleman
had derived no specific advantage, according to the
intention of the law. If this were true, therefore,
it presented a very fair case forrenew.il. He rose,
merely for the purpose of drawing the attention
of the Senate to the subject, and not to raise op-
position to this particular ease.
Mr. N1LES was glad to find the Senator^ from
Massachusetts advocating what he (Mr. N.) re-
garded as a sound principle. On a former occa-
sion they differed; but lie was pleased to find that
they now agreed at least on this question. He
thought, with that Senator, that they ought to be
extremely careful. The invention (belie\ed to be
mills for grinding) possessed great merit; it was
truly original—so entirely novel that practical men
could, with difficulty, be brought to encourage it;
and for this reason the inventor had not derived
the benefit he deserved; it was so much so, that
practical men did not give to it their favor. There-
fore, the inventor ought to have an opportunity to
realize the benefit of his invention, especially us he
had labored under so many disadvantages.
Mr. DAVIS remarked, if he had iieard dis-
tinctly what the Senator said, it amounted to this :
that he differed from him on a former occasion as
to renewal of patents. This was not a remarkable
occurrence. It was not very remarkable on a
question of expediency, which depended on facts
disclosed in a particular ease, that they should
have differed in. their conclusions. He had no
distinct recollection of the occasion to which the
Senator had adverted; but he thought the records
of the country would show that they had been on
opposite sides on more occasions than one. This,
however, was a question depending entirely oil
evidence. The Senator might give more weight to
certain testimony than himself; and therefore they
might, while exercising their duties with great
care, very appropriately differ in opinion without
involving questions of inconsistency.
Mr. WHELPS asked when the original act was
passed ?
Mr. LEWIS. Fourteen years ago.
Mr. PHELPS remarked, that when this patent
was granted there was no provision by law for
the renewal of patents. He desired to call the at-
tention of the Senate to the consequences which
might result from granting renewals of patents in
the naked terms used in this bill. The inventor
or the purchaser of a patent-right enjoyed it for
fourteen years, after which time it became com-
mon property to all the world. In 1836 an act
was passed containing a provision for the renewal
of a patent in certain cases; and also a provision
that the transfer of a right should enure to an as-
signee, either in whole or in part. The result of
the mode of legislation adopted in the bill was, that
the renewal would enure only to the patentee.
Was it proper to introduce a mode of renewal not
m accordance with the existing law? Great in-
justice might result. What was the particular char-
acter of this invention lie knew not. If it should
require extensive investments it might hereafter
affect assignees who are not now known.
Mr. LEWIS said he believed that the renewal
of any patent to a patentee was a renewal to an
assignee. The case had met with the concurrence
of the Commissioner of Patents, and was, he
thought, a very proper one. The Senator from
Vermont admitted he had no objection to this par-
ticular case, and he hoped the bill would pass.
Mr. CAMERON (one of the committee) said
that there had been no assignment of the patent,
nor any part of it.
