146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Jan. 6,
Mr. PHELPS asked the Senator from Alabama
to consent that the bill should he over until to-
morrow, and, in the meantime, he would endeavor
to satisfy himself whether it was proper it should
be passed.
Mr. LEWIS acquiesced.
A report, showing the number of persons em-
ployed in the office of the Secretary of the Senate
in 1845, was presented, and ordered to be printed,
PUBLIC PRINTING.
The following joint resolution, reported yester-
day by the Committee on Contingent Expenses
of the Senate, was called up, and read a second
time;
Resolvedby the Senate and Home of Representatives
of lite United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That from and after the passage of this res-
olution, the printing of the two Houses of Congress
shall be subject to the following regulations: When
any message, report, or document, communicated
to both Houses of Congress, shall be ordered to be
printed by the Senate, the Secretary shall ascertain j
■whether the same lias been previously ordered to j
be printed by the House of Representatives; and '
if so, the copies ordered by the Senate shall bo
supplied by the punter of the Huuse of Repiesent-
ativcs, for which there shall be no charge for com-
position; and if any mes^ago, report, or document
shall be ordered to be printed by the House of
Representatives, it shall be the duty of the Clerk
to ascertain whether the same has been previously
ordered to be piinted by the Senate; and if so,
the copies ordered by the House shall be furnished
by the printer to the Senate, and no charge for
composition shall be allowed therefor; and should
an additional number of copies of any such docu-
ment be ordeicd by either House, they shall be
minous documents it was sometimes thought ne-
cessary to put them in type again. He thought
too much responsibility had been thrown on the :
Secretary with reference to this matter. As to
maps and charts, the heavy expenses heretofore
incurred, might, in his opinion, be avoided. There
had been gieat abuse in this department of print-
ing, With legard to prices, the committee had
fixed the rates of compensation suggested in the
resolution of the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. J.
M. Clvytox.] For himself, he thought they af-
forded ample compensation, predicated on the rates
established by the joint resolution of 1819, making
a deduction from those rates of 20 per cent, where
the number of documents printed was less than
five thousand, and thirty-three and a third per cent,
where the number exceeded live thousand. A
great reduction m the price of printing had gener-
ally been made ^ince paper was now about
half the .price it then was, and the price of press-
work had been veiy greatly lessoned by machine-
ry. There wos no doubt that the reduction now
I proposed, tinder ail the circumstances, would leave
1 the compensation higher than it was at that time,
and alford a larger profit.
[Several messages m writing were received from
the Piesidcnt of the United Stales.]
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said that the joint reso-
lution answered the general purposes which he had
m \iew in moving his resolution. But lit! "under-
stood at the time I ho subject was before the Senate,
prior to the election of pi intei, that on both yides it
was agreed that the rates of printing wen' too high,
| and that they should make some arrangement to
i confine the printing to proper puces. During the
j present scsmou, the resolution introduced by the
I Senator from Connecticut would not meet the case.
! Tt «;iifl fn nt> ni'ier the. nnsxM.we. of this resolu
pose of despatch, or any other cause, it shall be
necessary to fulfil any order for printing of either
House of any document which had been previously
ordered to be printed, the Committee on Gontin-
gent Expenses of the House making such ouler ;i
may direct that such document be ag<uu composed,
or put into type; in which case composition shall jj
be charged and allowed: and all printing ordered jj
by either House of Congress, when the number of
copies does not exceed live thousand, shall be paid '|
for at a rate of compensation not exceeding twenty ;i
per centum less than the rates fixed and estab-'j
iished by the joint resolution of 1839; and when jj
the number oi" copies shall exceed five thousand, j;
the compensation shall not exceed thirty-three and ||
one-third per centum less lhan the rates allowed by ;i
said joint icsoluhon of 1819; and when the Com- j!
mittee on Contingent Expenses of other House
reserved to the Senate to fix the rale of payment
thereafter from that day. I\ro vested right clashed
with the arrangement then to be made. All he
asked of the Senator and the committee was, that
they would place the matter as the Senate intended
at the time of the appointment of the printer. It
was admitted on all sides tiiat a reduction should
be made during his appointment, not k'fiom and
after ihe passage of the icsulution.M For aught
they knew, it might not be passed until the close
of the session. It would make a difference of
twenty thousand dollars, if it were made to take
effect from the tir^t day of the appointment.
Mr. SPEIGHT understood at the time adverted
to, that if the Senate made a law on this subject, it
was to take (-fleet with the present printers. He
had not read this i (-solution, but he would vote for
it on the faith which he put in the economical pro-
WOODBRIDGE, considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agree to;
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the Senate such information re-
lating to the mineral regions of Lake Superior as
may remain in the Department of War; the nature
and extent of the control exercised by the Secre-
tary of War, or the department, in relation to the
same; the number and character of the permits and
leases supposed to have been issued to occupants
of, or applicants for, any of such mineral lands;
together with the number of applications for such
permits, &c., which have been denied; and that he
report, also, to the Senate a statement of such in-
conveniences or defects as may have been practi-
cally experienced in the management of said lands,
together with his opinion of the best mode, by
legislation or otherwise, of obviating the defects of
the present system. ,
The Senate then adjourned.
charts, the same shall be obtained under the dnec- J j to any arrangement which they might make;
tion of the Committee on Contingent Expenses of mKj jK, 1J<n, rn0Vf,(j {]lat ^}iC resolution be amended
the House making such order; and aa expenses ,j t0 t;l|_c from the commencement of this ses-
for printing shall be paid from the contingent tund jj ^o5K
of the two Houses; each House paying for the ] jvir. N1LES said he had no objection to the modi-
prmtmg oidcred by jt, except the expense of com- f1(.otlon Snnested
position, which shall be paid by the House which ;| jjr jTlCf. CLA
first ordered the document or paper to be printed;
A.YTON thought the better plan
would be to recommit the resolution, that it might
1 be amended so as to accomplish the object de-
; sired.
' And it was recommitted.
! FLORIDA COURTS.
| A message from the President of the United
; States, in answer to a resolution of the Senate re-
| questing the Executive to furnish to the Senate
' copies of the correspondence between the Attorney
j General, the Solicitor of the Treasury, and the Ju-
| dicial officers of Florida, in relation to the authori-
I ty of the Territorial judges of Floiida as Federal
t judges, since the 3d of "Alarch, 1845, communica-
< ting the information called for, was read, referred
j to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, the Senate then
went into Executive session; and after some time
spent therein, (during which a number of nomi
and if theie shall be second composition, it shall j
be paid for by the House whose Committee on j
Contingent Expenses shall authorize and direct j
the same; and when extia cop:es of any document
shall be ordered by both Houses, and the same are ■
executed by the same printer, the copies shall be
delivered to the two Houses simultaneously^ m j
proportion to the whole number of copics which ,
the Houses have respectively ordered. j
The question being on the third reading of the j
Joint Resolutioi.— . i
Mr. 3STLES submitted a few remarks m support j
of the resolution; in the course of which he ad\ert- j
ed to the large sums which hod been paid ior the 1
public printing during the lost two or three years.
amounting to §>200,01)0 or &300>000, and to the want ,
of a proper reciprocal understanding between the ,
two Houses, by which this cost had been greatly |
enhanced. One of the objects of this resolution ! A _
was to place the two Houses on an equal footing jj nations were confirmed,) the doors were opened;
with refeience to the printing of extra copies, by h when ,
whichever it might be ordered. In cases of volu- I! Ihe following resolution was presented by Mr.
[HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 6, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
OREGON.
The SPEAKER said that the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday was the following joint resolu-
tion, reported by Mr. C. J. Ingersoll, from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs:
Itewlred by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America, in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
forthwith cause notice to be given to the Govern-
ment of Great Britain, that the convention between
the United States and Great Britain, concerning the
Territory of Oregon, of the sixth of August, 1827 
signed at London, shall be annulled and abrogated
twelve months after the expiration of the said term
j of notice, conformably to the second article of the
i said convention of the 6th of August, 1827.
i
I And there were two motions pending: first, the
motion of Mr. C. J. Ingersoll,. that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and th&t it be made the spe-
cial order of the day for the first Monday in Feb-,
ruary; and, second, the motion of Mr. Price, to
substitute to-morrow [i. e. this day] for the day
designated by Mr. Ingersoll.
And Mr. Milliard was entitled to the floor.
THE ARMY.
Mr. HARALSON rose and asked Mr. H. to
yield the floor for a moment, whilst he (Mr. Har-
alson) submitted a motion, having for its object
the disposition of the bill which he had reported
on a former day from the Committee on Military
Affairs, providing for the organization of two regi-
ments of riflemen, and for other purposes.
Mr. Hilliard yielding, under the proviso that
his right to the floor should not thereby be preju-
diced—
Mr. HARALSON asked leave to submit his
I motion.
I The SPEAKER said it could be done only by
j general consent.
1 And no objection being made—
| Mr. HARALSON moved that the bill be com-
i mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
IRELAND.
Mr. McCONNELL now rose, and asked Mr.
Hilliard to yield the floor, to enable him to offer
the following resolutions, which were read for in-
formation:
Resolved, That we hail the elevated feeling which
now universally prevails in our glorious confed-
eracy to strengthen and consolidate the principles
of republican freedom, and extend the blessings of
our free institutions in every practicable quarter of
the universe, in the spirit of Christian love and
peaceful brotherhood.
I Resolved, That while we hail the admission of
i Texas (which fought its way to independence) as
! a sister State into our Union,, and view with unaf-
j fected pride and satisfaction the patriotic resolution
1 of the Executive Government and Congress of the
j United States to uphold our title to Oregon, and also
j observe the growing desire to incorporate Mexico,
j Yucatan, California, &c., in the confederacy, that
