1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
Ireland is fully entitled to share the blessings of
our free institutions.
Resolved, That the Irish people, as a nation, have
long been ground down by the tyranny of British
misrule and misgovernment; and while her people for
centuries have groaned under a foreign monarchi-
cal yoke, they have always cherished the demo-
cratic priacipte of republican government, the' only
civilized institution that has ever insured freedom
to man.
_ Resolved, That this House receive with due atten-
tion and consideration any communication that
may be forwarded from that high-minded and lib-
erty-loving people, with a view to effect such an
object.
The resolutions having been read,
Mr. McCONNELL presumed, he said, that
there would be no objection.
Rut there were objections, and Mr. Hilliard
claimed his right to the floor.
OREGON AGAIN.
Mr. HILLTAKD took the floor, (the question
5 :ing as above stated.)
Mr. P. KING rose, and asked Mr. Hilliard
to yield for a few moments, to enable him (Mr. K.)
to make a remark in regard to a matter relating
personally to himself.
Mr. HILLIARD declined, remarking that he
would yield the floor again to no one.
Mr. P. KING said that he was sure if the gen-
tleman from Alabama had heard the reason which
he (Mr, K.) had assigned for the courtesy he had
asked, the gentleman would most chccrfully yield
the floor. He repeated that he desired to make a
remark in relation to a matter affecting himself per-
sonally
Mr. HILLIARD (who had now, for the first
time, heard the reason) yielded the floor.
Mr. P. KING then said, that in the remarks
made yesterday by the honorable gentleman from
South Carolina, (Mr. Riiett,] as reported in (ho j
Union of this morning in that part of the report of ;
the gentleman's remarks where he alluded to what
had boon previously said in relation to the game
that the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,]
had said, it seemed to him, was being: played on
the subject of Oregon, he found the following par-
agraph introduced:
" Mr. King here remarked that he had spoken
merely of a rumor. "
I made (continued Mr. K.) no such remark.
While the gentleman from South Carolina was
speaking, in that part of his remarks the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,] who then occupied
a seat in the vicinity, rose*and desired an opportu-
nity to explain. The gentleman from South Caro-
lina refused to yield the floor to him.
On this subject the gentleman from South Caro-
lina may find in the circumstances and current of
events much stronger evidence than mere rumor
that an understanding was arrived at between the
negotiators during the late Administration, that if
Great Britain would abandon her interference in
the affairs of Mexieo in the Texas matter, Oregon
might be divided. That the British Government
got some how such an understanding, we have
seen. The then American negotiator has come
into the Senate, his advent heralded in advancc by
the British newspaper organ in London. "We
shall sec what his course will be.
As to New York, and any disappointment the
gentleman from South Carolina supposes she may
have felt as to the location of any Presidential can-
didate, not one word need be said on this floor. If
it were necessary, it would not become me—one of
the humblest of her representatives here—to as- !
sume to speak for New York. But New York has I
no need that one word should be said for her on j
this subject. The voices of her myriads of patri- j
otic sons have often proclaimed her devotion to i
this Republic—to the whole Union and all its parts. I
Upon any question of mere location, the same i
voices have always pronounced her indifference, |
whether such location was East 01* West, North j
or South. - !
Mr. RHETT, (who had just entered the Hall,) !
now rose and expressed the hope that the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Hilliard,) would allow
him to ask a question of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Kmc.]
Mr. HILLIARD still assenting—
Mr. RHETT said, I was not in the House at the
time the gentleman from New York, [Mr. King,]
made his remarks; but I understand that he said
we would see whether there was not an under-
standing between Mr. Calhoun and the British
Ministry, as to the course which that gentleman
would pursue. Is that it?
Mr. KING. The gentleman will understand me
by what I said.
Mr. RHETT. That is precisely what I wish to
know.
Mr. KING. If the gentleman did not hear me, I
will endeavor to repeat what I said. I say that the
gentleman may find in the circumstances and cur-
rent events of the day stronger evidence than can
be found in any mere rumor, that an understanding
had been arrived at between the negotiators during
the late Administration, that if Great Britain would
abandon her interference in the case of Texas, the
Territory of Oregon might be divided. I say that
the British Government seems to have ariived at
such an understanding. The American negotiator
is m the Senate, and Vc shall see what course he
will take on this question.
Mr. RHETT. I have only to say, that if the
gentleman means that, fiom the couise of Mr. Cal-
houn as a public Senator, as a statesman of the
United States, openly avowing and proclaiming his
opinions, he would put-sue a certain coursc, I have
nothing to say. But if the gentleman intends to
assert that there has been any personal intercourse
or understanding, express or implied, between Mr.
Calhoun and the British Ministry, that Mr. Cal-
houn shall pursue a certain course—that thoie had
been any combination or compart of any kind—I
pronounce it unfounded, and absolutely uniiue.
Mr. C. J. INUERSOLL iosc, and said he de-
sired to suy a single word.
There was great confusion m the TTall; but above
it, was heard the voice of—
Mr. KING, (on the right,) saying : T shall not
bandy epitheis of truth or falsehood ; I leave the
subject to the record—
And the voice of—
Mr. HILLIAR D, (on the left,) saying, (in re-
ference to the request of Mr. 0. .T. Ino!;ksoj.l,)
that he (Mr. H.) was not willing to yield the floor
for any third party to come. in.
Mr. KING. 1 have said what I have said. The
gentleman from South Carolina can put his own
construction upon it.
[Several voices: "We shall see what we shall
see."]
Mr. HILLIARD at length took the floor. He
said that m entering on the question at present be-
fore the House, it would be proper for a moment
to recur to the relations of this Government with
that of Great Britain in regard to the Territory of
Oregon. It was well known that several fruitless
attempts had been made to adjust the difference
between them in relation to the sovereignty of that
district of country, but both Powers had at length
agreed to adjourn the question over, and they had
mutually entered into the convention of 1818, by
which treaty it was understood that the two parties
were to enjoy certain privileges in regard to that
territory, which were clearly specified and defined
in the convention itself. In the summer of 1827
provision had been made to perpetuate this mutual
understanding, simply with the purpose of preserv-
ing peace between the parties, and without yield-
ing on either side any portion of the original claim
which had been respectively put forth. It was now
proposed in this House to terminate that conven-
tion, conformably to a provisional article imbodied
in the instiumen't itself.
Should that termination take y)lace as proposed,
what would be the relative positions of this coun-
try and of Great Britain in regard to this Oregon
Territory? To answer that question we were re-
ferred back to the relation subsisting originally
between them before the convention was entered
into. That relation must then be renewed, and
the two nations would stand as conflicting claim-
ants before the civilized world for the entire con-
trol over the whole territory. Here then came
in the question as to our title—whether founded
on discovery and settlement by our own citizens
or resting on the claims of Spain ; for we brought
both our own title and the title of Spain to fortify
our position when we should meet our competitor in
the presence of the civilized world. Mr. H. would
not enter on this question of title; it had already
been discussed with great ability, and he should
only render himself tedious by repeating arguments
which had already been placed in the clearest light, i
He would simply state, that on the question of our
title to Oregon, his reliance was on the previous
title of Spam, although he was far fiom under-
rating the merit of its discovery and settlement by
our own enterprising citizens. He admitted these,
and duly appreciated them; but, as he had said,
his main reliance was placed on the Spanish title—
a title which we did not possess at the time our dis-
pute with England arose; for it was his belief that
had this title then been ours, the convention of 1818
would never have had an cxistcncc. So long as
this title remained in the hands of Spain, Great
Britain treated it with that contempt which mark-
ed all her conduct towards that Power. Pitt's
rooted aversion to Spain was well known; he had
inherited it from his father, and it made itself mani-
fest in all his public conduct; yet that title, as to its
moral power, was just the fame then as it was now,
and it had been by our own Secretary of State so
convincingly, so triumphantly pleaded, as to have
carried actual dismay into the British Cabinet, and
had placed our own claim to the country higher
than it had ever stood before. It was now become
an American title, and, with whatever contempt
Great Britain might have felt herself warranted to
treat it when in the hands of Spain, she would not
so treat it when it was put forth before the world
as the claim of these United States. Mr. H. did
not speak this boastfully, but because he desired
that Great Britain should know that we were aware
of our rights, and, he thanked God, weie able to
maintain them.
Mr, H. would not be understood as putting out
of the question our own American title. A late
Som-uuy of State, whose fame was commensurate
-with the extent of civilization, [he was understood
to mean Mr. Calhotn,] had placed this American
claim on Captain Gray's discovery of the mouth
of Columbia river, and on that admitted principle
of national law, that by whatsoever nation the
mouth of a river was discovered, to that nation be-
longed the whole of the valley which was drained
| by its waters. Mz. H. felt this claim to be of
'gnat consequence; and he must confess that he
, had felt the greatest amazement when, in the de-
bate of Saturday, a distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wintiirop] had disclaimed
all reliance upon it. Rich as Massachusetts was—
and he acknowledged her rich m all that could
give elevation to a State—he did not think her
in circumstances to abandon such an honor as
this discovery. The gentleman had come to this
House, as Mr. H. understood, with a large inherit-
ance of ancestral fame, to which he had largely
added in well-merited reputation of his own; but
if he thought himself entitled to disclaim and cast
away this discovery by Captain Gray, Mr. H.
would take it up. If Massachusetts cast him off,
Mr. H. would claim him for the United Slates.
The gentleman had said that Captain Gray, as a
navigator m the waters of the Pacific, had had
no thought of making discoveries on behalf of
his country, or adding anything to her territorial
claims, but had simply been prosecuting a little
harmless trade in fish and peltry. It might be so;
but still he coasted those shores in a vessel of his
own, with our national flag waving over his head;
j and, according to the doctrine put forth and ably
t maintained by Mr. Webster, an American ship
constituted part and parcel of the American soil—
a principle which had never been denied or dis-
puted by the civilized world. [Mr. H. here read
a quotation from Mr. Webster's argument.]
Mr. WINTHROP rose to explain; and the floor
being yielded to him for that purpose, he went on
to say that the honorable gentleman from Alabama
seemed entirely to have misunderstood him. So
far from disclaiming or casting away this discove-
ry of Captain Gray, lie had, on the contrary, ex-
pressly said that he considered it, after all, as our
best resort, and as containing in itself the best claim
we could show to the possession of Oregon; and
he had added, that Massachusetts, and especially
the people of Boston, felt proud of Gray as a fel-
low-citizen, and of his discovery as shedding a
lustre upon the city of his birth and the State of
which he was a citizen.
Mr. HILLIARD resumed, and said he was
glad to be set right, and, if he had misapprehended
the gentleman, to have that misapprehension cor-
rected. He certainly had not intended to misrep-
resent him.
[Air. WINTHROP. Certainly not.]
Still, however, Mr. H. must say that the gen-
