1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
though that was his personal conviction, he would
express no legislative opinion on a matter which
belonged to another branch of the Government.
Mr. H. admired -the peace resolutions which had
been introduced by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, (Mr. Winthrop,) yet lie could not consent
they should be adopted here. He was for giving
the Executive full discretion and the most ample
scope. This was no party question, and, in all the
measures connected with it, party feelings and in-
fluences should be far from every mind. The coun-
try was in a crisis. Mr. H. felt it to be a crisis,
and he would say, God bless the man who should
carry us bravely and safely through it! At an hour
like this he would vote for no resolutions imbody-
ing opinions on one hand or on the other. Let the
country take ground which was impregnable, and
maintain it with a firmness that should command
respect.
" But suppose this should lead to war." He
hoped it would not lead to war. Though we were
«ot at liberty, in this matter, to look at conse-
quences. We were doin  our duty—we were
■going onward, as we should, defending our own
citizens. We were following the example of the
Republic of Rome, who caused Roman laws to
prevail and the ccgis of Roman protection to be
extended wherever Roman citizens passed. " But
suppose there should be war." Mr. H. abhorred
war. Reviews had no charms for him. The, de-
tailed history of battles, and all the slaughters of
victory, did but disgust him. Nor could he bear
to cast his eyes on scenes so bloody, unless he saw
a brave and suffering people, borne down by op-
pression, rising up with united heart to bear back
their oppressors.
In regard to the lust of conquest, of which some
gentlemen had spoken as being a derogation to our
national character, he was free to confess that he
bad heard with regret the language held by some
gentlemen here about pushing forward our acquisi-
tions, and planting the American eagle on various
points of this continent and all over the world.
The expression of such sentiments was the very
course to arm all the world against us. The
•Freach Revolution had operated more than all other
things to^ disgrace and overthrow all Republican
ideas in Europe. And why? Because the lust of
conquest, which grew out of and accompanied that
Revolution, had been so great as to become a terror
to the world. Prance—Republican Prance—sent
her armies abroad in every direction. Their move-
ments evinced the highest military skill, and were
followed everywhere by the most splendid victo-
ries, until French valor was the admiration and the
dread of all surrounding nations, and the name of
France was like the sound of a trumpet to the re-
motest bounds of the world. But what was the
eiFect? A terrible retribution. And the memory
of those conquests and of those costly victories wtus
iiow so linked to the notion of republicanism in
Europe that nothing could break the association.
Mr. H, wished for not hing of the kind among us.
He deprecated every indication of such a spirit.
He believed our system of Government to be the
wisest, and our institutions the happiest, which
the world ever saw; and, regarding as he did the
happiness of his race, he hoped they would be
spread throughout mankind; but let them spread
by their own inherent moral power, until the hap-
piness they produced should create a spectacle for
the world to see and to admire. In the language
of Archbishop Cronnier—
" Wherever the bright sun of Heaven shall shine
JHer honor and the greatness of her name
Shall be, and make new nations? she shall flourish,
And, like a mountain cedar, reach her branched
To all the plains about her—
Our children's children shall see this,
And bless Heaven."
It was peaceful triumphs which alone he sought—
the benign victories of reason and of truth. These
he desired, and none other. And if, while pur-
suing such a policy, war should come upon us, he
was prepared to meet it. The response in every
American bosom must be, "Let it come." The
honorable and venerable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, near him, [Mr. Adams,] in tones which
rang on his very heart like a trumpet, had remind-
ed him of the days of our revolutionary glory.
The old lire which had blazed so brightly in that
ever-memorable struggle seemed to be flashing up
within him, and, while he listened to his patriots
strains, he felt inwardly assured that in a just cause
we should all act as one man. If we went into the
war in this spirit, he felt little anxiety as to how
we should come out of it. The power of England
was now fast culminating to its highest point. She
felt that it must soon reach that climax m the his-
tory of nations from which they had, one after an-
other, commenced their decline, and she drew back
from the thought of a contest with a great Power,
Yet, should she be so irrational on the ground of
.! uch a controversy as that for Oregon, to rush into
sueh a contest, he trusted we should not sheath the
sword until we should have driven her back from
these shores shorn of her splendor; and she might
be very sure that when this happened, it would
prove "no temporary eclipse, but would endure for
all time to come, and she would be left a portent in
the political heavens, " shedding disastrous twilight
over half the nations."
He knew her power—he knew the multitude of
her fleets—he knew the bravery and the discipline
of her armies; yet he would not waste a moment
in looking at these. He felt confident in our posi-
tion—confident in our resources—confident in the
patriotism of our people—confident in the blessing
of the great Patron of Nations. With these, and
with a just etiuse, his heart told him we were good
against a world in arms. But the clock admonish-
ed him that he must hasten to some other topics
which yet remained.
Pie now asked gentlemen to turn their attention
to the importance of Oregon, for he believed that
its intrinsic importance had been greatly under-
valued.
And first, looking at it in a political view, it must
be admitted to be of great value to us. England
had a frontier to the north of us extending three
thousand miles, and stiotohing entirely across the
continent. If we permitted her to come from that
line three hundred or five hundred miles down the
coast of the Pacific, we should give her the oppor-
tunity of filling up the only break which now
existed in that line of continuous fortification with
which her energy and vast resources had encom-
passed the globe. Why was it that she pressed,
with so much earnestness and pertinacity, for the
possession of this strip of land along our western
border? Was it the soil ? was it the trade? No.
She could enjoy the trade if the territory was ours;
and it certainly would be in that view better for
her to resign a strip of territory than to lose a good
neighbor. But no ; these were not the considera-
tions which made her so anxious and so persever-
ing. It was the political value of the territory
which, with her accustomed sagacity, she saw
and duly appreciated. Statesmen ought not to
bound their view by things at this moment present-
ed to their eye. They should lift their vision until
it embraced a broad view of the future also. This
the British statesmen were in the habit of doing;
and we, if we were wise, would follow their ex-
ample. Before we counted the value of Oregon,
we must look across the Pacific, and estimate that
trade with China and the Eastern Archipelago
which was soon to open on us in all its riches, gran-
deur, and magnificence. As things now stood, our
vessels returning from the ports of Eastern Asia
had, as it were, to run the gauntlet through a long
line of British naval posts, from every one of which
they were exposed to attack. Her fleets were in
every sea, and, however widely-spread this East-
ern commerce might be, and however inestimable
its value., it was subject in a moment to be arrest-
ed. But if we had our ports and our settlements
on the shores of the Pacific, our commerce would
float in comparative safety over the tranquil bosom
of that wide-spread ocean. Surely, in this view of
the subject, it would be poor policy in us to yield
one inch of that which was our right. As to the
extent of the territory, whether it were much or
whether it were less, he should not now stop to
say.
Again: He regarded this Oregon matter as a na-
tional question in the strictest sense of the term.
He had differed from his Whig friends respecting
the annexation of Texas; he had ever been in fa-
vor of it, for he viewed that, as he viewed this, as
a national question. In adopting his conclusions,
and in conforming to them his course of action in
relation to that important subject, he had not been
conscious to himself of one particle of selfish feel-
ing. What he did, he did for his country, for his
whole country—for the welfare and aggrandize-
ment of this nation. He had been in Europe when ,
that question was first agitated, and lie had wit- i
nessed the jealousies of European Cabinets in re-
gard to it, and their intrigues and combinations to
defeat the annexation, and he felt his American
blood roused at the spectacle. He now looked on
Oregon in just the same way; with him it was no
Northern, no Southern question. He had come
up here as a National Representative. True, he
could not wholly divest himself of feelings which
were born with, him, and of early memories which
nothing could efface; but, God helping him, he in-
tended to do strict and equal justice to all. In his
course in that Hall he should look alone to the na-
tional aggrandizement and the national glory. And
well did he know that in such a course the people
he represented would sustain him. He had' not
been long enough their Representative to say, with
John Randolph, thnt no man ever had such con-
stituents; but he had lived among them and knew
them, and he knew they would sustain him. He
would not enter into a combination of a merely
party character. His political career might be
short, but if uprightness was glory, he was re-
solved it should be glorious.
Gentlemen had spoken of the policy of President
Monroe, who had warned the nations of the Old
World that they would not be tolerated in any in-
terference with the balance of power on this conti
nent, and that they must establish no more colo-
nies on our shores. Mr. H. was in favor of this
policy so far as it could with justice be earned
out. Where European nations had already posses-
sions on this continent they should be suffered to
hold them without molestation, but he was op-
posed to their planting new colonies in this our
Western World. The honor of this sentiment,
however, belonged justly as much to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] as it did to Mr.
Monroe; for though the latter was the Chief Ma-
gistrate, the former was at the same time Secretary
of State, and if he did not suggest, had certainly
sanctioned the policy. The present Executive
maintained the same doctrine, and Mr. H. doubted
not that the whole country would heartily come
into it.
But Mr. H. had some facts to illustrate the value
of Oregon to us, which he deemed of the fiist mo-
ment. England and the United States were the
only competitors for the trade of Southern China;
the trade of the northern portion of China was m
the hands of the Russians, and was mainly con-
ducted at two great fairs annually held, in which
the traders of the two nations assembled and con-
ducted their commercial transactions; but South
China was in the hands of England and this coun-
try, who were competitors for the profits of the
trade. England imported every year four hundred
and fifty thousand chests of/tea, while we import-
ed two hundred thousand,' besides muslins and
silks and other commodities of great value. In
this gainful traffic, England regarded us as a rival
Power, and she was by no means disposed to give
it up. The coast of Oregon fi ontcd that of China,
and presented great facilities for carrying on this
important branch of our commerce. Fully to avail
ourselves, however, of these advantages, we ought
to conncct Oregon with the State of Missouri by
the construction of a railroad. This was not so
wild and visionary a scheme as at the first view
some gentlemen might be disposed to consider it.
Let them reflect that it was but fifteen years since
Mr. Huskisson had lost his life between Liverpool
and Manchester, in an experimental trip over the
first railroad ever constructed in England. And
what was she doing in that system now ? And then
look on the continent, and see one continuous line
of railroad, extending twenty-seven hundred miles,
entirely across Europe, from Odessa to Bremen,
while another line extended from the Adriatic for
near a thousand miles. And yet gentlemen stood
here and looked aghast when any one spoke of a
railroad across our continent, as if it was some-
thing wondrous and altogether unhcard-of before.
Should such a road be constructed, it would be-
come the great highway of the world; we should
before long monopolize the trade of the eastern
coasts of Asia. At present, the shortest possible
voyage from London to Canton occupied seventy
days; but, by such a railroad, a traveller might
pass from London to Canton in forty days. There
was no wildness, no extravagance in the idea; but
it was a matter of sober sense and plain calcula-
tion. _ What a magnificent idea did it present to
the mind, and who could calculate the results to
which it would lead? With a route so short and
