1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
151
NAYS—Messrs, Anderson, Baker, Benton,
James Black, Bov/Hn, Boyd, Brinkerhoff, Brod-
head, Catchcart, Chase, Chipman, Cobb, Colin,
Culver, Cunningham, Delano, De Mott, Dilling-
ham, Dobbin^ Douglass^, EdsalL Ellsworth, Erd-
man, Ewing, Faran, Ficklin, Fries, Goodyear,
Gordon, Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Henley,
Hoge, Hotfgh, James B. Hunt, Jenkins, Jas. H.
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geo. W. Jones, Ken-
nedy, Preston King* Lawrence, Levin, Lumpkin,
Maclay, MeClean, McClelland^ McClernand, Mc-
Connell, McDowell, Barclay Martin, Morris,
Morse, Moulton, Niven, Norris, Owen, Parish,
Pendleton, Perri)l, Pettit, Price, Ramsey, Rath-
bun-, Reidy Relfe, Ritter, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Leon-
ard H. Simms, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Stanton, Starkweather, Stephens, St.John, Strong,
James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tibhatts,
Toombs, W entworth, W'heaton, Williams,Wood-
worth, Yell, and Yost—87.
So, two-thirds not voting therefor, the House
■decided that the resolution should not be made the
special order for the first Monday in February.
Mr. PRICE thereupon withdrew the amendment
he had submitted, to make the resolution the spe-
cial order for tomorrow, [which means to-day,
^Tuesday;] and moved that the House now resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
£he Union.
OREGON IMRECT AGAIN.
The motion having prevailed, the House resolv-
ed itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, Mr. Tibbatts, of Kentucky, in the
fchair.
And the committee, on motion of Mr. BOWLIN,
took up the same joint resolution from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BOWLTN, whose claim to the floor was not
Contested, rose and addressed the Committee.
Mr. B. said lie regarded this question of the oc-
cupation of Oregon as one of the deepest and most
vital importance that had ever agitated this Gov-
ernment from its very foundation. It not only in-
volved the value of the territory under considera-
tion, but involved principles of the most sacred
nature—principles upon which, if this nation was
now prepared to give way, she was prepared to
drawdown deep degradation upon her head m the
bloom of youth. It was a question of the greatest
importance, whether we regard it in reference to
the power with which it might bring us in collision,
or in reference to the value of the territory, or in
that higher character of the national honor, which
is at stake upon it. Upon the question of our
claims to Oregon he did not propose to trouble the
House. His views upon it had already been fUlly
submitted at a former session of Congress; and he
should only touch upon them as they might inci-
dentally be involved in the' review of the treaties
made upon this subject. He proposed to leave the
question of title where the decision of the last Con-
gress, in conformity with that of the Baltimore
Convention, had placed it, and which the people of
this nation had ratified by a solemn and decisive
vote—viz : that it is unquestionably in us..
The title of Oregon, then, is ours, and is estab-
lished by the best authority in this country. That
being the case, had we done anything to place that
title out of our hands, or to bring it into jeopardy?
And here permit him to state, at the outset of his
argument, that no act which we might possibly
do in relation to Oregon, so long as we leave the
rivers, bays, and creeks of that territory open to
the subjects of Great Britain, and allow them the
right of trading with the Indians, could be in viola-
tion of that convention. We might establish a
Territorial Government regardless of the notice;
we might build our forts and fortifications; we
might send our people there; we might organize
the Territory into a State; and, in his humble
opinion, there would be no violation of the treaty
stipulations between us and England. What had
England gained by treaty on this subject? The
first foundation of her pretended claim was the
treaty of Nootka Sound; and upon this her own
eminent statesmen had pronounced, on the floor
of the British Parliament, that they had gained
nothing that they had not before. They had bul-
lied Spain into that negotiation; they had kicked
her into it by voting supplies to the king for car-
rying on the war; but Spain out-generaled them,
and they gained nothing but fine words; they
gained nothing but the right of ingress and egress
in that territory, the right to trade with the na-
tives, and to make temporary huts and ware-
houses ; ay, they gained a loss by that very treaty,
for they gained the privilege of the commerce of
the South sea, and took it as a boon at the hands
of a nation which they, at the same time, held in
a condition of scorn and degradation. The next
thing in the history of negotiation, by which she
pretended that she acquired any rights, was in the
celebrated treaty with the United States in 1818.
The terms of that treaty were, perhaps, familiar
to every gentleman in this House; but he wished
to call the attention of gentlemen particularly to
it as compared with other treaties of the United
States with Great Britain, that they might see
whether she ever gained any more right of soil or
other rights under it than she had gained under
other treaties with regard to which she had made
no such pretensions. What did the treaty of 1818
give them? The third article of that treaty was as
follows:
" Article 3. It is agreed that any country that
* may be claimed by either party on the northwest
' coast of America, westward of the Stony moun-
' tains, shall, together with its harbors, bays, and
{ creeks, and the navigation of all rivers within the
* same, be free and open for the term of ten years
' from the date of the signature of the present con-
s vention, to the vessels, citizens, and subjects of
i the two Powers; it being well understood that
* this agreement is not to be construed to the pvc-
i jut! ice of any claim which either of the two high
4 contracting parties may have to any part of the
4 said country; nor shall it be taken to ufieet the
£ claims of any other Power or State to any part
' of the said country—the only object of the high
< contracting parties, in that respect, being to pto-
c vent disputes and differences nmong themselves."
Now, he contended that, while we preserve to
them the freedom of trade m that territory, and
preserve the creeks, bays, and rivers open to their
communication with the waters of that country,
there was no violation of the spirit of that treaty.
This idea of "joint occupation,5'growing out of
that treaty, arose from the peculiar condition of
the case, and not from the words of the treaty or
from any known principles of international law.
When we agree to let a country into commercial
transactions with a savage people on our territory,
it necessarily carried with it the idea that they may
fortify themselves with stockades and temporary
forts; and that begets the idea of permanent hab-
itation, permanent location; and this begets the
idea with a grasping nation, such as Great Britain,
that there may ne some claim to territory arising
under it. An example of a similar treaty was that
which was concluded with England at the peace
of 1793, known as Jay's treaty, by which the free
navigation of the Mississippi river was expressly
provided for. And the article in that treaty was
almost in identical terms with the article of this
treaty in relation to Oregon.
Mr. B. read the following extract from this
treaty:
" The river Mississippi shall, however, accord-
i ing to the treaty of peace, be entirely open to both
* parties; and it is further agreed that all the ports
f and places on its eastern side, to whichsoever of
' the parties belonging, may freely be resorted to
* and used by both parties in as ample a manner as
4 any of the Atlantic ports or places of the United
* States, or any of the ports or places of his Ma-
4 jesty in Great Britain."
Almost precisely the language used in relation
to Oregon. Now suppose that Great Britain had
created one of her great monopolizing companies,
and had placed it on the soil of Mississippi and
Arkansas, who would have believed for n moment
her claim to any right of territory there, under a
treaty which gave to her the right of ingress and
egress in that river? Who would have supposed
that she had any right to prevent us from organiz-
ing a civil government there? And yet the privi-
leges conferred upon her under Jay's treaty in re-
lation to the Mississippi river, were just as exten-
sive as those which this treaty in relation to Oregon
conferred upon her, and still it never entered the
heads of British statesmen that they had any right
to the territory along the shores of the Mississippi,
the Missouri, and the Arkansas; and the id^a of
her rights in Oregon had been begotten alone by
this continual grasping spirit on her part, fostered
by our own supineness and inaction, and by the
remoteness of this territory. They would never
have tried, under the treaty of 1818, to plant a ter-
ritory under our own view. Under the treaty
which conferred upon us the right of fishing on
the banks of Newfoundland, we were authorized
to build huts and warehouses, to dry our fish and
prepare and store them for market; and yet it
never entered into the conception of man that be-
cause Great Britain had given us these privileges,
that territory or any portion of it was ours; un-
questionably it had never entered into the thoughts
of Great Britain, that if she saw fit to organize a
territory there she was first to come and ask us*
And he asked gentlemen to throw aside the idea
which had been engendered, and which seived
only to confuse and lead astray, that Great Britain
had any rights which would be interfered with by
the vindication of our claims to that territory.
Her treaty with Russia in 1825, conferred upon
her almost the same privileges as the treaty with
us in 18J8; yet she had never dared to plant any
colonies there; she had never even raised the claim
that Russia had surrendered any portion of her
territory.
lie called gentlemen, then, to look at this sub-
ject in the right aspect. This is American territo*-
ry. No rights have been conceded except the
rights of trade, and so long as our harbors, bays,
and creeks, are left open to her citizens for this
purpose, so long we violate no rights of hers, al-
though we go on to take possession of it, by or-
ganizing a Government, and taking the proper
measures for the protection of our citizens and our
soil. When we closed the navigation of the Mis-
sissippi river to them, were we threatened with
war' When we closed one or two other rivers to
them, were we threatened with war? No: it had
not been the practice of this ETouse to anticipate
war on such grounds. They were looked upon
as commercial transactions. No: Great Britain
never would have dreamed of saying that she had
any claims upon Oregon had it not been for the
laggard spirit of the American people, and which
had crept into certain portions of this House.
This was the origin of the grasping spirit manifest-
ed by England on this subject, and which well ac-
cordcd with the grasping spirit with which sins
was now fighting the New Zealanders, to strip
them of their little territory, and was denouncing
them as rebels. She had now drawn her fortifica-
tions from the North of England itself in one con-
tinuous military line all the way around to the
East Indies; she had fortified that route, so as to
command the trade of China, and she does not
want Oregon for itself. No: she would be glad if
the whole of Oregon were a burning volcano, as
far as she is concerned; because she will have to
go on to fortify herself if we settle it. Her object
is to keep the Yankees out of it. If she can crip-
ple us, and prevent our emigration thither, that is
all she desires. Now she has the island of Chu-
san, that commands Ningpoo, at the mouth of the
Yang Zie ICiang; she captured it during her war
with China, and sold it back for twenty millions
of dollars. The time expired for its payment; it
was paid; and now the English Government say
that circumstances have changed. They have got
the money, and they refuse to surrender back the
island, because, they say, forsooth, " it would be
c putting it into the hands of our great rival, France..
(It is too important to surrender; we must keep
* it, and prevent France from coming in possession
'of it." This is British morality! And why do
they keep it? Because it is the nearest harbor to
Oregon.
He now called upon gentlemen to look frankly
upon this treaty, and to say that there have been
no rights conferred under it, as claimed by gentle-
men m this House; and whether we give the no-
tice or not, we have as much right to organize a
territory, to fortify it, to put our troops in it, as
we had in Arkansas or Mississippi under Jay's
treaty. It was no grant of territory, but merely a
commercial treaty; and Great Britain could justly
take no offence at our action, so long as we pro-
tected the rights of trade of her citizens; but if she
saw fit to take offence at it, let it come.
But the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Rhktt] yesterday told them if war came it would
be a war of aggression on our part. Our soil (said
Mr. B.) is quartered upon; fortifications arc erect-
ed; and the territory is actually taken possession
of; and because we see fit to do the same tiling, in
the exercise of our rights, are we to be told that,
