152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan; 6,
in case the result of this action is war, it is a war
of aggression on our part? It reminded him of the
old fable of the porcupine and the snake. The
porcupine, being overtaken by a storm, called at
the den of the snake, and sought protection from
the inclemency of the weather. He was taken in;
and when he got tired of his company, he threw
out his sharp quills into their soft skins. They
invited him to retire. "No," he told them "he
'had been allowed to come in, and he was very
' well satisfied; those who wished to could go
' out." So with the British traders. They had
been allowed to come in, and they had taken pos-
session of this territory; and now, when we want-
ed to get them out, they tell us they are very well
satisfied, and those who are dissatisfied may with-
draw ; and when the gentleman says if we under-
take to put the porcupine out, it is an aggressive
War, he (Mr. B.) did not understand it so. It
was nothing more nor less than a war of defence
against the encroachments of an over-grasping
Power. An " offensive " war! "Why, one would
suppose from the speech of the gentleman that
we were engaged in some grand acquision of for-
eign territory. "Was that the fact ? Is not Ore-
gon ours? Did any one doubt it at this day? And
if it was ours, what was our duty in regard to our
citizens and our territory? The gentleman from
South Carolina had told them that to gi\e this no-
tice would be to assume exclusive jurisdiction over
the territory, and to assume exclusive jurisdiction
would we war; and further, that it would be a war
of aggression 011 our part. He agreed with the
gentleman, that giving the notice was necessary to
assume exclusive jurisdiction; but as to the remain-
der of his positions, he differed with him in toto.
To give the notice, and to assume exclusive juris-
diction, he (Mr. B.) contended, did not necessarily
invite to war; and if war should follow, it would
be a war of aggression 011 the part of England, to
take from us a part of our rightful territory; and a
war which, he trusted, if it once was forced upon
us by the rapacity of Great Britain, would never
cease until she had not a foot of land upon the con-
tinent of America. Let her distinctly understand
that this was the sentiment of this House and of
the other House of Congress, and that they are
sustained in it by the American people; that we
are not going to eowcr before her, and to surrender
our just territory ; that wo are not the poor con-
temptible creatures that she is committing depreda-
tions upon in South Africa, in the isle of Francc,
or New Zealand; and let her distinctly understand
that, if she makes a war of aggression in order to
take from us any portion of our territory, it will
never cease so long as she owns one inch upon our
continent. The gentleman from South Carolina
also dwelt at some length upon the policy of allow-
ing things to remain as they now are, and of leav-
ing to time to settle this question. We had been
allowing it to go on in this manner foi fifty years,
and what had time accomplished? It hod brought
into question the title of a territory to which our
claim was as good as that upon winch this Capitol
stands. Our diplomacy, our concessions, our ne-
gotiations from time to time had brought the mat-
ter into this position. What was time going to do?
He would tell them: it was to leave that country
in the possession of the British, with encourage-
ment to fortify; and the responsibility of changing
the state of things which we pusillanimously shrink
from will be assumed by our posterity; and Fre-
mont's pass in the Rocky mountains will be an-
other Thermopylae! to drive back the invading Per-
sians upon the rights of freemen. The gentleman
was mistaken in his theory. Time sufficient had
already elapsed to develop what would be the re-
sult of this policy; and it was that England has
fifty forts in that territory, and that we had none;
that England has an organized Government, we
have w>iie; that England has military forces there,
we have none; and that she has absolute posses-
sion of a territory to which she has 110 claim but
the pretended one under this treaty. That was the
operation of time, and time would work wonders!
We would drive them off eventually, or make them
American citizens; but he scorned to leave to^ our
posterity what we ought to do ourselves—to vindi-
cate our claim to a territory to which our title was
as good as it is to the territory of Virginia. The
gentleman seemed to think it absurd to think of
possessing Oregon. He (Mr. B.) differed with
him here also. "Let them pass this measure—let us
encourage our people to go there, and let the Eng-
lish attempt to resist us, and he would guarantee
that one hundred thousand swords would leap from
their scabbards, and would be wielded for the de-
fence of our rights in Oregon by those who would
go determined to drive off our enemies from the
last inch of the soil of the Republic.
The gentleman had treated at some length of the
effect of war upon our institutions; and had seemed
to dread s omething like a despotism resulting from
it. In this he differed from the gentleman. A
war, lie maintained, was no positive evil, occasion-
ally. China is an example of a nation which never
wars—which spends millions of money to build
walls to hedge herself around, instead of relying
on the breasts of her sons as a bulwark of defence.
On the contrary, England, France, and Spain, were
nations that were prepared to defend their rights.
He did not regard war as a positive evil, if it was
forced upon us by aggression and injustice; and he
told the gentleman he might look to the West for
defence for any war which might come upon us.
On the point of territory, it was a subject, as he
had remarked, of vital importance to this nation.
If the Territory of Oregon was a barren rock, if it
was a burning volcano, still it was ours; and he
trusted in God that there was in the hearts of the
people an idea of national honor which would for-
ever prevent them from yielding up one foot of the
territory which rightfully belonged to us. He
knew it had been questioned, when we had seen
Maine dismembered, and a portion of her people
sold to despotism and tyranny; but he trusted that
such a disgrace would not again be inflicted on our
country. Upon this subject we might derive a
most beautiful lesson from the ancient Romans.
Amongst the fabled deities of the Romans, they
had a god of boundaries called Terminus, who was
represented without feet, indicating that he had no
power of retreating from the spot where Roman
valor had placed him. To this fabled deity, the
homage of patriotism, courage, and a sacred faith
in the prowess of their arms, were rendered up
with divine honors. Religion and patriotism com-
bined in the preservation of the soil of the Repub-
lic. In support of this sacred principle of Roman
faith, of Roman patriotism, it was ordained that
any one who proposed to remove this god, and dis-
member the Republic, should be decreed infamous.
Armed alike with religious enthusiasm, a devotion
to this god of limits, and an ardent and burning
patriotism, the Roman people not only preserved
from dismemberment the soil of the Republic for
more than a thousand years, but planted the statue
of their favorite deity in Britain on the north, on
the Euphrates in the east, Mauritania in the south,
and the pillars of Hercules in the west. Roman
arms, and Roman valor, carried him to the utmost
limits of the then known habitable globe. In-
spired by a holy faith in their tutelary deity, they
could look undismayed, amidst the slaughters of
Cannte, and the ruthless plunder of the Gauls.
Even in her greatest extremity, no Senator dared
counsel peace at the sacrifice of an acre of her soil;
no diplomatist had the temerity to breathe the
thought of removing the favorite deity from his
pedestal at any price. Where Roman genius and
Roman enterprise erected the sacred symbol, Ro-
man valor was there ready to defend it. Under
the benign influence of this mingled sentiment of
religion and patriotism, Rome grew and spread,
until
She veiled
"Earth with her haughty shadow, and displayed,
Until the o'cr-eanopied horizon failed,
Her rustling wings—Oh! she who was Almighty hailed.
From this beautiful story of the fabled divinity,
let us learn to draw lessons of wisdom and patriot-
ism. Let us, like the Romans, inculcate a sacred
reverence for the unity of our soil, for the untar-
nished lustre of our honor. Let us enshrine in our
hearts our stars and our stripes as the patriotic
emblems of our faith. Let us plant them upon the
utmost limits of the Republic, and invoke execra-
tion upon the head of him who would counsel their
withdrawal 01* their dishonor.
There was still such a thing as national honor,
though it had been tampered with; and he differed
in toto from the gentleman from South Carolina,
who thought there was no cause of war but to pre-
serve ourselves from being trodden under the foot
of power, and to resist that aggression which strikes
at our liberty. There were cases other than these
of national honor as nice—ay, perhaps even nicer
—than any case which existed in personal inter-
couise. And here let him say to the gentleman
from South Carolina, that he was mistaken when
he supposed that the people of the West had not a
high sense of personal honor, and a readiness to
vindicate it when occasion required, r
Mr. WOODWARD—his colleague [Mr. Rhbtt]
being at the moment absent from his seat—made an
explanation (as was inferred) of Mr. R.'s remark
on this point, which was inaudible at the desk on
the left of the Speaker's chair,
Mr. BOWLIN continued. He was going on to
show that there were other just causes of war*
than those which had been laid down by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina as the only ones. He
referred to the revolutionary war, as an instance in
illustration of his position, in which our country
had gone into a-bloody conflict for the vindication
of an abstract principle—viz: that no power on
earth had a right to impose taxes on us-against our
consent. It did not arise because, according to the
gentleman's definition of the just cause of war, our
personal rights were materially involved, but upon
a higher and nobler question—a question of prin-
ciple.
There was another branch of the subject to which
time would permit him barely to allude, and that
was the commercial importance of this territory.
And in the first place, he would call the attention
of gentlemen to the fact, that from the Atlantie
coast to the valley of the Mississippi, and on to the
Pacific ocean, we were by nature, ay, we were
stamped by the hand of God himself as one nation
of men. [Mr. B. here entered into a more extend-
ed geographical view of our country, and of the
great importance of finding a western outlet on the
Pacific for the productions of the great valley of
the Mississippi, referring to the immense amounts
of money which had been expended to provide an
eastern outlet in penetrating the Alleghany moun-
tains, and in the great chain of internal communi-
cation and on this side of those mountains; and
arguing that the western outlet by the way of Ore-
gon and the Pacific ocean would be vastly more
valuable, as affording for our agricultural products
a market with China, with the Japanese Islands,
with the Philippine Islands, with the Burman em-
pire, and with other countries'of the East, contain-
ing an aggregate population of more than five hun-
dred millions, who were not our rivals in the pro-
ducts of the soil.] Let us perform cur duty in rela-
tion to this territory (heurged) and if-war was forced
upon us he trusted in God that we should not be
found afraid to meet it, and that'we should not cra-
venly postpone it for our posterity. Let us pre-
serve our territory from dismemberment, and our-
selves from eternal dishonor and disgrace. There
was not a heart in the nation, he trusted, that did
not leap at the glorious thought of meeting our ene-
my in such a cause as this if war was forced upon
us, and of pressing forward, not stopping until we
should drive our British invadeis from the Ameri-
can continent. There was no difficulty on this point,
however. Great Britain was not going to declare
war. Did she declare war on Russia when she re-
sumed the territory on which she had given her the
right to trade? or upon us, when we had resumed
the right of the navigation of the Mississippi river,
which we granted her under Mr. Jay's treaty? No.
She was not going to declare war now; and he
regretted that any part of the legislation of this
House should be tinctured with a British feeling—
with a fear that Great Britain would not approve
our action in regard to our own territory. He ut-
terly denounced and deprecated such a course: and
he invoked this House to continue to legislate upon
our own soil precisely as if Great Britain did not
exist as a nation—precisely as if, with an aggressive
spirit, she Was not spreading her dominion far and
wide over the bounds of the habitable globe. We
had our rights, and let us dare maintain them. He
referred to the same spirit of aggression on the part
of England as exhibited towards France, and to the
noble manner in which it had been resented, when,
instead of receiving the monarch whom English
tyranny had attempted to force upon them, they
had thrown back the head of that monarch in their
faces, and had gallantly, bravely _ defended their
own rights and their own soil. Withihesame ob-
ject in view, we were now to be assailed. With
our twenty millions of people, and' with our im-
pregnable fortifications, which nature had thrown
around us, we could not be conquered in battle;
but we were to be conquered by colonization—by
wresting our territory from us, on the pretended
