THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
_ SJr. CALHOUN expressed a hope that the mo-
tion would prevail. If he understood the resolu-
tion correctly, it provided for the erection of a
monument by an association; but he knew of no
association. H'e trusted that, whenever a monu-
ment was erected to Washington, it would be by
Congress, and not by an association,
Mr. DAYTON desired to say one word on the
subject. He was not very familiar with details,
but there was a society in existence which was
called the Washington Monument Association, if
he understood it. He did not know whether the
association was incorporated or not: he was in-
clined to believe it was. It had been in existence
some years, and had already collected a considera-
ble sum of money—thousands of dollars—the free
offerings of citizens of the country, (the amount
being hrnited to one dollar for each donor.) It was
with this money, together with such additional sum
as the association may derive from like sources,
that they wished to erect a monument; asking of
the Government simply a site on the public grounds,
and not an appropriation of a dollar. He could
conceive no -benefit that would be derived from a
reference of this resolution to the committee; the
subject had already been before the Committee on
.Public Buildings of the Senate, and had been acted
on during the present session : he would not say
identically the same resolution, but one substan-
tia!!y the same.
Mr. WESTCOTT said that if the object of the
motion of reference was that Congress should, in
anywise, control the manner in which the monu-
ment was to be erected, it would be an additional
reason with him why he would vote ngoinst it.
Directly after the decease of Washington, Congress
declared that a monument should be erected to his
me.nory; and efforts had been subsequently, and at
dili'erent times, made in one or the other branch of
Congress to do so, but without success. Twice had
Congress refused to carry out the resolution passed '
a few weeks after the death of that great man. Hut 1
a number of patriotic citizens had undertaken die
work, limiting subscriptions to one dollar for each
individual. He did not know whether the associa-
tion was incorporated or not; he hoped not. They
had raised a large amount, fifty or sixty thousand
dollars, or upwards, to build a monument; not to
carry out, however, the resolution of 1799, but a
private monument, to be built by the people of the
United States, without reference to Congress. All
that they asked was, that a site should be given
them for the purpose, to be designated by the Pres-
ident, on which to build their monument, to be
erected by their private funds. Congress ought not
to interfere with the character of the monument.
He repeated, if the object of the reference was to
interfere with its erection, it was an additional rea-
son why he would vote against the motion.
Mr. CALHOUN asked that the resolution be
read; and it having been read, Mr. C. said that, as
he understood the resolution, it involved no respon-
sibility on the part of Congress. It was merely a
pnvate association. He would, therefore, urge no
further, ohjection to it.
Mr. CAME RON said that the plan of the monu-
ment had been sho wn to the Committee on the Pub-
lic Buildings, and that the a/Tairs of the association
had been managed with care. He was understood
to remark that an interest of §3,000 had accumu-
lated on the principal, and that the association de-
sired to make a commencement of the monument.
The President, by the resolution, was to select the
site. As it was designed to lay the corner-stone
on the birth-day of Washington, and the time
would soon be here, it would be better to pass the
resolution now.
Mr. BENTON was sorry to find himself alone,
xie was contemporaneous with all the operations
for raising money by individuals for the erection
of a monument to Washington. The subject had
attracted the attention of Congress for .years, and
levies had been made throughout the United States
to ratse money for this purpose. Repeated inqui-
ries had been made as to how much had been col-
lected, and the amount paid to collectors for the
service rendered. He would not repeat what other
11
MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1846.
Senators had said; some of them were still here,
and could speak for themselves, and others were
gone; but he spoke for himself when he asserted
the fact, and he could prove it, that the amount
collected in the State of Missouri had not been
accountcd for. He was entirely opposed to any
action on the part of Congress, by which an asso-
ciation of individuals could lay hold of the name
of the United States, for the purpose of going
abroad to levy contributions on the human race.
If individuals assume to erect a monument, let
them do it as individuals, but let no opportunity be
afforded them of using the name of the Congress
of the United States in furtherance of their individ-
ual schemes. If Congress put but one single word
in the bill—if only an inch square of ground were
to be given—it would bo published all over this
country, and throughout Europe, that the associa-
tion had the authority and sanction of the United
States, and that they were responsible for the ap-
plication of the funds. On this assumption, money
would be raised wherever a human being could be
found. Where was there an individual who would
not subscribe a dollar ? That was the amount pro-
posed to be collected from each person for the erec-
tion of a monument in this city. But how many
dollars had been collected ? He would refer to the
case of Missouri. Nearly every man, woman, and
child in that State subscribed—sometimes twenty
m n single family; and ho knew the fact, and could
prove it in a court of justice, that that money had
not been accounted for. Wcie Senators willing to
■ affix the name of the United States to a company
of individuals of whom tliey k;:ew nothing, and
who were in no way responsible to them for the
selection of directors, the application of the money,
or the plan of the monument? He afked, were
they going; to admit such a proceeding at all, by
giving to them the name of the United States to
sanction the means of levying contributions on
those who would give them, under the belief that
it was with the understanding and under the au-
thority of the United States, and that the United
States would know how it was to be applied ? He
was utterly against mixing up the name of the
United States with any such project. He had no
great opinion of monuments any way. Roger Sher-
man spoke well and truly the words of wisdom
when he said, " The vote of Congress would be the
monument."" That would endure when all mon-
uments shall have crumbled into dust. Where
were the monuments of antiquity, erected to pa-
triots and philosophers? They had all gone ! But
were the names of the men, to whose memory they
were erected, forgotten? No! they were known
throughout the world, and would live forever in
the remembrance of mankind. The brass and mar-
ble had perished hundreds and hundreds of years
ago, but their deeds had been preserved by lan-
guage before the art of printing was known. Their
fame was still green, fresh) and vigorous. If it
was designed at all to countenance the scheme, let
Congress take it into their own hands, and not
give their sanction to a private company. These
were his sentiments.
The proposition for a monument to Washington
had been before Congress for forty years. It had
not been voted, on the ground that his name and
j fame required no monument. If we touch this
| matter danger will follow. The agents would not
; be responsible to us. Let the two Houses of Con-
| press do it, if it is to be done, and not leave it in
j the hands of private individuals.
I Mr. DAYION said that he had not anticipated
| objection, and least of all from the Senator from
j Missouri. _ It seemed to him that the Senator was
unnecessarily sensitive as to the matter of mixing
up the name of this Government with this enter-
prise. The resolution, on its face, simply author-
ized the President of the United States to select a
site on which citizens of the country may erect a
monument. And would this be mixing up the
name, the credit of this country, with the matter
of a private association, if he might so call it, as
contradistinguished from the action of Govern-
ment? He apprehended not. The Senator was
unnecessarily sensitive on this point. It seemed
New Series....No. 11.
to him that this "was a subject which commended
itself to the hearts and feelings .of all. The asso-
ciation asked for no contribution or appropriation,
but only a place on which the free offerings of the
patriotic citizens of the Union may be placed.
They could not come here and offer, to buy it.
There was not a member of this body—scarcely a
citizen of this country—who would respond favor-
ably to an offer of this kind, and it would be repug-
nant to the feelings of all. If a monument were to
be placed on the public grounds, it must be the
free offering of the country, and not to be paid fur
in dollars and cents. With regard to certain re-
marks made by the Senator from Missouri as to the
amount of money which had been raised, he could
say but little. He regretted to hear the fact, if
so
Mr. BENTON. It is so.
Mr. DAYTON. No doubt the Senator believes
so.
Mr. BENTON. I know it.
Mr. DAYTON. Well, then, as the Senator
says he knows it, it must be so.
Mr. BENTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAYTON. Well, let rac say, it so hap-
pens that there arc, in fire-proof vaults of this city,
the original books containing the names of every
subscriber in the State of Missouri—every man,
woman, and child. I have been informed from
high authority, that the names of those who con-
tributed in that State could there be found. And
I am further informed that the money can be ac-
counted for to the last dollar. As respectable a
gentleman as could be found in this District was
appointed the agent for that State—Mr. Brecken-
ridgc.
Mr. DENTON. I am sorry for it. I gave him
a letter.
Mr. DAYTON. After making collections in
that State, he was so illy advised as to loan thir-
teen hundred dollars of the money.
Mr. BENTON. Oh!
Mr. DAYTON. The money has been refund-
ed, out of his private funds, to the society. He
has since accounted for every dollar of it. These
were facts, however, of which he had no personal
knowledge. But it does not seem to me that this
has much to do with the question before the Senate
—which is, whether we will appropriate a small
spot of public ground on which to erect a monu-
ment; and he hoped it would be done.
Mr. BENTON. The gentleman from New Jer-
sey appeared to know a little about the subject be-
fore the Senate, but it was only a little. There was
a great deal more to be said about the matter.
There was much more to be disclosed than he had
stated : that was well known. Everybody knew
that thirteen hundred dollars was not the amount
of the sum collected by the association in the State
of Missouri. Many families had contributed ten,
twelve, fifteen, or twenty dollars. It was true that
he (Mr. B.) had given a letter to the gentleman
who had gone to that State for the purpose of so-
liciting contributions. He gave it, however, not
without some reluctance. That letter—
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the gentleman pardon
me for interrupting him for a moment? It seems
that the letter to which allusion has been made was
given to a gentleman named Breckenridge, a minis-
ter of the gospel. He (Mr. C.) had several very
respectable acquaintances of that, name, all minis-
ters of the gospel—Robert, William, and the late
Mr. John Breckenridge. He hoped that the gen-
tleman would so explain, that the public would not
be liable to fall into any mistake about the individ-
ual in question.
Mr. BENTON. It was neither of the gentle-
men alluded to by the Senator. He had mentioned
the case of his own State, as an instance of the mis-
management of irresponsible bodies. He did not
desire to go into the matter in its details. He had
referred to the State of Missouri merely as afford-
ing a flagrant instance in which the moneys col-
lected had not been accounted for. The old gen-
tleman to whom he had given the letter appeared
to be respectable: otherwise he (Mr. B.) would
not have given him any such credentials. Yet he
