162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JaHi 8,
had certainly been remiss in the management of
the funds collected by him.
The question was then put on referring the reso-
lution to the Committee for the District of Colum-
Jff' an^ ^eC^ef^ *n ^ie ^irmative-—yeas 29, nays
So the resolution -was referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
MOUNTED RIFLEMEN.
The bill to raise a regiment of mounted riflemen
was taken up,
Mr. CRIT i'ENDEN arose and suggested that
{here ou^ht to be some limitation of theappropria- | op-
tion called for by the bill. He thought it was a I ?*,
departure from the usual course to leave it discre-
tionary with the paity who was to carry out the
oojects of the bill to appropriate any amount—it
—?ht i)e 50,000, 500,000, or 1,000,000 of dollars,
Accoidm^ to the usual course of legislation, it was
clear some limit ought to be .fixed, beyond which
the expenditure ought not to go. He wished to see
a certain sum named for each" specific purpose—ns
for example, the purchase, of hmd for the establish-
ments of the proposed courts. It was not at oil
proper, that under that bill the President could
direct an expenditure to whatever amount appear-
ed best to lam; and he therefore would move an
amendment, that theie should be inserted in the
bill this sentence; "A sum not exceeding m all
^100,000." b
Mr. BENTON expressed his opinion that the
number of stations would not exceed ten, and
that probably not more than fifty thousand dollars
would be required.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then I move it be
$50,000.
Mr. BENTON repeated his belief thata less sum
would probably be sufficient; but, at all events, it
would scarcely exceed one hundred thousand dol-
lars. The defences would be erected by the sol-
diers themselves.
Mr. CRITTENDEN then observed that lie
had, from what he heard on the day previous, been
mistaken m thinking the sum contemplated by the
committee to be much larger than stated by the
gentleman; he therefore would modify his amend- j
ment by the substitution of the words " not ex-
eeedmg" a certain amount—the sum to be subse-
quently specified; however, he did not intend to be
very strcnuous, as ihe question was nor, one which
required it.
Mr. BENTON addressed the Senate,
briefly, and corrected a report of las remarks on
the day before, wherein he was made to say that
the materials for fortification, of which he spoke
full liquidation of the debt ascertained to be due
from the United States to Texas, when an inde-
pendent State; which said debt arose out of the
disarming of a body of Texian troops, under the
command of Major Snively, by an officer in the
service of the United States, acting under the orders
of the Government of the United States; and also
for the forcible entry into the custom-house at Bry-
arly's Landing, on Ked river, by certain citizens of
the United States, and taking away therefrom the
goods seized by the collector of the customs as for-
feited under the laws of Texas."
Mr. SEVIER moved to fill the blank with $55,-
Mr. S. supported the bill, and entered into a
statement of the grounds upon which the claim of
Texas rested. He showed that the arms were
seized by an officer of the United States, acting
under orders from competent authority; that they
were stored up and retained in the possession of
tiie United States; that the last and present Presi-
dent referred to the transaction in messages to Con-
|| gross; and that the claims were duly recognised, if
j| not liquidated.
lj After a short time spent in a colloquial discussion
| as to the value of the arms and goods seized, and
,, the manner in which that value had been estima-
j; ted, Messrs. JARN AG IN and EVANS contending
; that there was a want of official authority, and
i. Messrs. CALHOUN and SEVIER taking the op-
j1 positeview—
j. On motion of Mr. EVANS, the bill was post-
li poned, and certain papers accompanying it were
jt ordered to he printed.
! 1 A message was received from the House of Rcp-
ii resentaiives, announcing that said House had pass-
ed the Bill to repeal ihe act which abolished the
!; i office of one Inspector-General of the army, and
' to revive and establish said office."
|j The, " UiU for the relief of David P. Willianv
| son, of Pope county, Arkansas," was taken up;
;! when
Mr. ASHLEY suggested that it be again passed
by informally, in order to allow time to present the
whole merits of the case to the Senate.
Mr. SPEIGHT hoped there would be no post-
pone ment.
Mr. ASHLEY" then explained the circumstances
under which Air. Williamson sought relief, by be-
ing allowed to filler a tract of land, which, although
he had poul fur it, he e.ouhl not enter without the
action of Congress, in consequence of technical
difficulties arising out of a former existing pre-
emption law.
Mr. ATCHISON inquired whether the title to
W..W uu^uiui.i 1UI Liiixcunni, <u wiUCll tie snOKC, i.i i i , , 1 , . .
were impenetrable to all arms; what lie, said was 1 , 1, WiiS conlcst<;<J. 0l" whether there was any
that they were impenetrable to rifle-balls. ' ! M . AWiJi'rv r i- i
The bill, after undergoing a slight amendment |! TV.- replied m the negatne.
..r *:.i_ i.__ .1. _ /> iv 3 ~ n , . ' .Atler SiOWWi tnr h«r rf nvr> \<5n*wm iftwoeii
of its title by the addition of the woids '* and f<„
' the establishment of military stations on the route
' to Oregon," was passed.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
The joint resolution to regulate the public print-
in?, reported by the Committee on Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate, and yesterday ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading-, was read a third
time, and passed.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
The bill granting certain alternate sections of the
public lands for the completion of internal improve-
ments in the State of Michigan, was, in the absence
of Mr. Woodbridgf., who introduced the same,
passed by informally.
PRE-EMPTION SYSTEM.
The consideration of the bill to establish a per-
manent prospective pre-emption law in favor of
actual settlers on the public lands, was also infor-
mally postponed.
TEXAS.
The following " Bill to pay the debt ascertained
' to be due to Texas, when an independent State,
' by the United States," was then taken un, read
8 second time, and considered as in committee of
tie whole:
Be it enacted by the Senate find Fiouse of Represen-
tatives of the United Slates of Jhricrica in Congress
assembled, That there be paid to the proper author-
ity of the State of Texas, by the Secretary of the
-lieasury, out of any moneys in the treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of dollars, in
After some further conversation between the
; above gentlemen, the bill was considered as in com-
! miltce of the whole, reported back to the Senate
! without amendment, and ordered to be engrossed
j for a third reading.
j On motion, it was
j Resolved, That when the Senate adjourns, it ad-
' journ to Monday next.
j COMMITTEE OP CLAIMS.
; Mr. PF.NN\ BACKER moved that the vacancy
occasioned m the Committee of Claims by the re-
signation of Mr. 1!\<: p.v be filled by nomination by
the Chair; which motion was adopted; and
The PRI5S1 DENT nominated Mr. Dickinson.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Foreign
i Relations, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
i tion presented by him some time since, advising
the President of the United States to give notice
to Great Britain of the cessation of the joint occu-
pation of the Oregon Tenitory, reported the same,
with an amendment, to read as follows:
Joint Resolution to annul and abrogate the conven-
tion ot the 6th day of August, eighteen hundred
and twenty-seven, between the United States of
America and Great Britain, relative to the coun-
try westward of the Stony or Rocky mountains.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United^ Slates of JJmerica in Congress assem-
bled, That, in virtue of the second article of the
convention of the sixth of August, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-seven, between the United States
of America and Great Britain, relative to the coun-
try westward of the Stony or Rocky mountains,
the United States of America do now think fit to
annul and abrogate that convention, and tlie said
convention is hereby accordingly entirely' annulled
and abrogated: Provided, That this resolution shall
take effect after the expiration of the term of twelve
months from the day on whieh due notice shall
have been given to Great Britain of the passage of
this resolution. And the President of the United
States is hereby authorized and required to give
such notice; and also, at the expiration of said
convention, to issue his proclamation setting forth
that fact.
Mr. A. said he was further instructed to move
the Senate to fix an early day next week to take up
tins resolution, for the purpose of fixing a day for
its discussion. The reason he did not now do this
was, that an honorable Senator had intimated to
! him his intention to raise a preliminary question.
I It would be better, therefore, in the first place, to
; dispose of that question, so as to keep the two
| questions distinct.
i He would on Monday next propose to take up
I the joint resolution, with a view to fix a day for its
! consideration. Then the preliminary question may
I be stated; and when that shall have been disposed
j of, the Senate may agree on a certain day for the
consideration of the joint resolution.
Oil motion of Mr. ALLEN, the joint resolution,
as amended, was ordered to be printed.
Mr. A. also presented the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pro-
cure and place in the room of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, for the use of the committee, a
connected series of Government maps, a set of
globes, and such books as the committee may di-
rect, and pay for them out of the contingent "fund
of the Senate, provided the expenditure for this
purpose shall not expeed five hundred dollars.
Mr. A. hoped that there would be no objection
to the adoption of the resolution, and observed it
was a remarkable fact that, whilst other rooms
were furnished with books and maps, there was,
in the room of the Committee on Military Affairs,
but one solitary map, and, with the exception of
documents printed for the use of both Houses, no
books; not a single volume relating to the business
of that committee. The consequence was, that
the committee were compelled tb*r>S)aii"lo the li-
brary, and to the War and State Departments',
which entailed more labor than their regular busi-
ness required. The proposal did not originate
with him; the committee felt that there were books
required, in order that they might be able to dis-
charge their duties, and in that view he acqui-
esced .
| Mr. DAYTON would interpose no objection;
! but as he heard the resolution, it appeared to him
j to be too indefinite. He could not tell what globes
I were contemplated. Were they celestial as well
! as terrestrial?
Mr. ALLEN. Not the Congressional Globe.
Mr. DAVIS stated that the committee to which
he belonged (on Commerce) felt the same incon-
venience for want of books,&c.; and such was the
d ifficulty of procuring tliem, that they were a long
time before they could get a digest of the laws of
the United States; and he was not sure but even
that had disappeared from the room. Now, they
felt strongly the inconvenience of that state of
things. They were every day obliged to seek in-
formation where they could get it; and he thought
something ought to be added to the furniture of
that room in the way of books, &c. He -would
be glad to see some measures taken to furnish not
only the room of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, but all the rest with such books, maps, &c.,
as were requisite.
The question being called on the resolution, it
was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. HAYWOOD, the Senate then
went into Executive session; and after some time
spent therein, (during which several nominations
by the President of the United States were con-
firmed,) the doors were opened, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. .
Thursday, January 8, 1846;
The Journal of yesterday having been read—
Mr. IIAMLIN desired to offer an amendment.
The Journal did not show,Jie said, that the report
made yesterday from the Committee on Elections
had been ordered to be printed.
