1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
The SPEAKER said it was not usual to put
that fact on the Journal, because it was a matter of
course. ,J
The Journal was thereupon approved.
The SPEAKER, by consent, laid before the
House the following'Executive communications:
I. From the War Department, covering a state-
ment of the contracts made by the authority of that
department during the year 1845.
II. A statement from the Clerk of this House of
the manner in which contracts for stationery were
made.
III. A report from the Commissioner of Public
Buildings of the annual expenditures for the year
1845, and of the manner in which the appropria-
tions for public buildings and grounds had been
applied.
All which communications were laid on the ta-
ble, and ordered to be printed.
By general consent, the bill from the Senate on
the Speaker's table for the relief of William Elli-
ott, jr., was put on its first and second reading,
and appropriately referred.
Mr. DARG'IN, on leave, gave notice of a bill to
regulate writs of error and appeals from the district
court of the United States for the middle district of
Alabama.
The SPEAKER said that the first business in
order would be the call of the committee for re-
ports,-and proceeded with the call—commencing
where it had been suspended on a former day.
INSPECTOR-GENERAI. OF THE ARMY.
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which had been referred the bill
from the Senate entitled " An act to repeal the act
' which abolished the office of one of the Inspect-
' ors-G-eneral of the army, and to revive and estiib-
4 lish said office," reported the same without amend -
ment.
Mr. HARALSON said that, in order that the
House might understand upon what it was about
to vote, he would ask that the Clerk rend a commu-
nication from the Secretary of War, and also a letter
from the Commander-in-Chief on this subject.
Mr. II. would simply remark that the repcnl of
this law had been recommended by every Secretary
of War since iis passage. And the Committee on
Military Affairs, in recommending the passive of
the bill from the Senate, had not gone to the full
extent of the inquiries which, by a resolution of this
House, they had been instructed to go into relative
to the restoration of the officer. The committee
had before them abundant evidence that, the officer
discharged was not only a worthy officer, but that
he was one whose conduct had met the approba-
tion both of the Secretary of War and of the Presi-
dent of the United Slates; and the committee would
be pleased to see him restored to the rank he for-
merly held. It would, probably, however, be an
unsafe precedent for the committee to make any
specific recommendation of that kind; and the com-
mittee, therefore, contented themselves with in-
structing him to report in favor of the repeal of the
act.
The bill, without further delay, was read a third
time, and passed.
SAPPERS, MINERS, AND PONTONIERS.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred the bill from the
Senate entitled " An act for the organization of a
company of sappers, miners, and pontoniers," re-
ported the same, with the following amendment:
"In the third line of the sixth scction, strike out
the woid 4 forty-seven' and insert f forty-six.' "
Mr. B. (imperfectly heard) was understood to
move that the bill be put on its third reading at this ;
time.
Mr. McKAY hoped (he said) that the bil would
not be passed in this haste, but that it be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr* BRINKERHOFF said he hoped no delay
would take place in the passage of this bill. It was
well known that the organization of a corps of
sappers, miners, and pontoniers, had long been
held necessary by every head of the War Depart-
ment and President of the United States; that it
had been held necessary to the complete and effi-
cient organization of the army. It was also well
known at this time to the House, through the re-
port of the Secretary of War, that the command-
ing: general of the army of occupation in Texas had
made a requisition upon the Government for such
a corps, and that the Government was unable to
supply it. It was known that, from the character
of the country in which he would have to operate,
(should active operations become necessary at all,)
crossed as it was by rivers, and destitute of tim-
ber for bridges, the army would be unable to move
without such a corps. Some time would be re-
quired to organize and put it into a proper state of
discipline. The condition of our relations with
Mcxico was uncertain. If any reliance was to be
placed on the recent news from that country as to
the progress of a new revolution, based upon hos-
tility to an amicable settlement of the pending dif-
ficulties with the United States, active operations
might become necessary. If so, the corps contem-
plated by this bill would become necessary as an
auxiliary.
The sum appropriated by the bill, and neces-
sary to sustain this corps, amounted only to $25,000
The report of the Chief Engineer at the present
session of Congress showed, that so far fiom the
expenses of the army being increased by this bill,
they would, in point of fact, be diminished, by en-
abling us to dispense with the services of men
who were now employed as mechanics in the
species of service which it would become the duty
of this corps to perform, and whose pay amounted
to some three thousand dollars more than the cost
of such a corps.
The bill had been maturely considered in the
Senate; and, in order that the department might
immediately proceed to the organization and dis-
cipline of this corps, in case Us services should be-
come necessary for active operations m the spring,
he. hoped that the House would pass the bill with-
out further delay.
iVli. HfTNUEKFOKD inquiied of the Speaker
whether the hid did not contain an appropriation ?
The SPEAKER having answered in the affirm-
ative—
Mr. JIUNGERFORD submitted that the, hill
must of necessity, therefore, be committed.
And the SPEAKER having so decided—
The bill, without further discussion, was refer-
red to the Committee ot the Whole on the state of
the Union.
invalid pensrons; a\d points of order.
Mr. COCKE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the reJjef of Joseph
M. Rhea.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON moved so to amend
it as to provide that the pension should commence
from the date of the application, instead of the first
Monday in January, (as provided by the bill.)
And Mr. J. proceeded to make an earnest appeal
to the House m behalf of the justice of the claim,
and of the propriety of the amendment.
In the course of his remaiks—
Mr. GIDOINGS rose to a question of order.
He submitted to the Chair, that Friday and Satur-
day, being specifically set apart by the rules for
the discussion of private bills, a discussion of that
kind was not, now in order.
The SPEAKER said that Friday and Saturday
were not necessarily set apart for the discussion,
but for rhe consideration of private bills. The usual
course was, to commit bills reported; but in this
case an amendment had been proposed, and that
amendment was open to discussion.
Mr. JOHNSON said he felt under obligation to
the Chair for so deciding. It was a wonder that
the gentleman from Ohio [A'fr. Giddings] had not
proceeded to discuss abolition or the slave trade.
Mr. GIDDINGS called the gentleman from
Tennessee to order.
And the SPEAKER said that that gentleman
would take his seat, and that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Giddings] would state what his point
of order war.
Mr. GIDDINGS submitted that this was a pri-
vate claim, and that the couise pursued by the gen-
tleman was not the right mode of discussing the
subject.
Mr. JOHNSON insisted that the gentleman
should reduce his point of order to writing.
Mr. GIDDINGS said that, whether he should
do so or not, was a question for the Chair and not
for the gentleman from Tennessee to determine.
He (Mr. G.) called the gentleman again to order,
and insisted that he should take his seat until the
question of order was disposed of.
The SPEAKER so decided.
Mr. JOHNSON said he wanted to see the point
of order reduced to writing.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he would do it under the
direction of the Chair, but not of the gentleman.
The SPEAKER directed Mr. Giddings to re-
duce the point to writing.
Mr. GIDDINGS proceeded so to do.
Mr. JOHNSON said that he could go on making
his speech, whilst the gentleman was writing.
The SPEAKER interposed to order.
Mr. GIDDINGS said, if the gentleman would
sit down, he (Mr. G.) would reduce his point of
order to writing.
Mr. JOHNSON said he would waive the de-
mand. But he wished the gentleman to state what
his question of order was.
Mr. GIDDINGS hoped, he said, that the gen-
tleman would give him time to do so. If the gen-
tleman would take his seat, he (Mr. G.) would
state what his point of order was.
The SPEAKER inquired of the gentleman from
Tennessee, whether he withdrew his requisition for
the writing?
Mr. JOHNSON assented; hut-
Mr. McCONNELL asked for the writing.
Mr. GIDDINGS said his point was this: that
this being a discussion on a private claim, the man-
ner of any gentleman in discussing any other sub-
ject, or (he mode in which he might discuss it, was
not relevant. He stated that the words to which
he took exception were " that the gentleman was
'obliged to the gentleman from Ohio for not dis*
s cussing the subject of abolition." This was irrel-
evant, because it did not go to demonstrate the
right of the individual provided for in the bill to
the pension he claimed. The gentleman's allusions
wen; no evidence of the justice of the chum.
The SPEAKER said' that the remarks of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. A. Johnson] in
relation to slavery, were certainly irrelevant. As
to the point of order first raised, the rule did not.
necessarily preclude discussion. The gentleman
would proceed in order.
Mr. A. JOHNSON avowed that he was not dis-
cussing the question of slavery. Pie was merely
expressing his gratification that the gentleman had
not proceeded to discuss it.
Mr. GIDDINGS objected, he said, to the gen-
tleman resuming the floor, except by leave of the
House, to proceed in order.
Mr. A. JOHNSON said he understood the
Chair to say that he was entitled to the floor.
Mr. GIDDINGS called the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Ten-
nessee must take his seat, until the gentleman from
Ohio had stated his point of order.
In reply to an inquiry of Mr. GIDDINGS,
The SPEAKER stated his decision to have
been, that the gentleman was at liberty to proceed
in order, but not to refer to the subject of slavery,
or any other extraneous matter.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Was the gentleman in order,
or was he out of order?
The SPEAKER, lu referring to the subject of
slavery, he was not m order.
Mr. GIDDINGS objected, then, to the gentle-
man's proceeding;, except by leave of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that in re-
ferring to the subject of slavery, the gentleman
was out of order; and, under the supposition that
the House would give him leave to proceed, the
Chair had said the gentleman might go on.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I so understood the Chair,
and I now demand that the gentleman shall not
proceed, except by leave of the House.
The leave was granted.
And the pleasant little episode on the point of
order, not however without some further interrup-
tions to the same effect, terminated.
Mr. JOHNSON sustained his amendment in
some further remarks.
Mr. COCKE opposed it, explaining that the
committee had, in its action, adopted the principle
that the first day of January, 1846, and not the
date of the application, should be the time from
which these pensions should commence. And he
briefly argued the expediency and propriety of
the ratification of that principle by the House.
The result was, that the bill, on motion of Mr.
COCKE, (submitted also, the reporter thinks, by
Mr. TIBBATTS,) was referred to the Committee
of the Whole; and made the order.of the day for
to-morrow.
[A message was received from the Senate by
