1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
it a subject commanding the clear approbation and
the warm'feelings of the West in its behalf, but I
desire to ijuse it higher, and to place it on a loftier
pinnacle. It is a national question, side by side
with that important national question, the annex-
ation of Texas, which has already received the
sanction of this Government. For myself, then, and
my constituents, I enter a solemn protest against
the opinions which may have been advanced here
or elsewhere, that the question of Oregon is a west-
ern question, or any other sectional question. It
is one in which the whole nation feels a deep and
a lively interest, and one upon which the whole
nation will, sooner or later, speak with a voice ap-
proximating unanimity, if we, sir, do our duty.
I do not propose, Mr. Chairman, to detain you,
cither, with a recital of the long-pending negotia-
tion which has been carried on between the British
Government and our own, in reference to the adjust-
ment of this perplexing and vexed question. I de-
sire, however, as preliminary to the first, and per-
haps the most important reason which I shall sub-
mit to you for my support of this measure, to refer
very briefly to the state of the negotiation as it
now stands between this Government and Great
Britain. In 1818 our Government and the British
Government entered into a convention, by which it
was agreed that, for certain purposes, each of these
Governments should be entitled to equal privileges
within this disputed territory; whether you term
it a convention for the purpose of joint occupation,
or for the purpose of commerce, navigation, and
settlement, (as that is the language of the conven-
tion,) is immaterial to my purpose. Subsequently
to this convention of 1818, which was to expire by
its own limitation in ten years, the convention was
renewed, and the convention renewing the foimer
one, continues it in force forever, unless the one or
the other Government, by giving twelve months'
notice of its desire to do so, shall terminate it.
During the pendency of this convention, there
have been efforts made to settle and adjust this
question. The claims of the British Government
have been urged with great power by her states-
men; the claims of our Government to the title
have been discussed also, and a satisfactory con-
clusion has been readied in the minds of American
statesmen. Wlmt are these propositions' Our
Government has proposed, on more than one occa-
sion, to divide the territory at the 49th degree of
north latitude. Some years back, we did, in con -
nexion with this proposition, agree to grant to
Great Britain the navigation of the Columbia river.
This has been repeated twice, if not oftener. But
a few months ago our Government proposed that
this question should be settled on the 49th degree,
but withheld any offer as to the navigation of the
Columbia river. During that same period of time,
the British Government have submitted to our con-
sideration a proposition on which they are willing
to adjust this difficulty. That proposition, recent-
ly submitted to our Government, is a proposition
which takes the same parallel of 49° until you
reach a certain point on the Columbia river, and
then she travels down the main stream of that river
to the point where it enters the ocean. When the
proposition was last submitted by the Government
of the United States, (and submitted, sir, as 1 be-
lieve, and as the country believes, in the utmost
good faith, and with a sincere desire on the part of
our Government to settle and adjust the difficulty,)
when that proposition was submitted to the British
Minister, it was not by him referred to his Govern-
ment, but the reply was made that the British Gov-
vernment will wait for a more liberal proposition
to proceed from the American Government. An'd
here we have reached the crisis, as I conceive it, in
the adjustment of this Oregon question. We have
here presented before us the grounds oil which
England has proposed to settle the Oregon diffi-
culty; we have before us the proposition on which
our Government has heretofore agreed to adjust
this difficulty. The refusal, and the manner of
the refusal, on the part of the British Government,
will leave no doubt, as it seems to me, on the mind
of any of us, that our proposition, which, to say
the least of it, is the ultimatum, beyond all dispute,
of the American Government, will never receive
the sanction of the British Government. It has so
been declared to the British Government by the
Executive of this Government, that this is the ulti-
matum, beyond which we cannot go.
Now, if you refuse to carry out the recommenda-
tion of the President, to give notice to Great Britain
to bring to a close this joint occupancy of the Ore-
gon Territory, I desire to call the attention of the
House to the inference and conclusion which must
inevitably be drawn by the British Government.
Your President has declared that the ultimatum has
been reached; in the same communication in which
he transmits this information to Congress, ho in-
forms you that from his knowledge of this negotia-
tion, from the view which he has been enabled to
take of all the matters in connexion with the contro-
versy, it is his deliberate conviction that no propo-
sition will ever be made by the British Government
to which this country can accede, and preserve its
national honor and its national faith. In connexion
with his Message he recommends to you to give
the'notiee: you refuse to do it. Mr. Chairman, will
any friend, or rather will any opponent of this
measure, answer me this question: let him place
himself, in imagination, m the British Parliament;
carry the information to that Parliament which the
Executive has communicated to Congress; let that
be followed by a vote on the part of Congress, re-
fusing to carry out the recommendation of the Pres-
ident in giving the notice, and will he not say that
British statesmen will be fully authorized to draw
the inference that tlie Congress of the United States
is not prepared to go with the President in his de-
claration that the proposition submitted, rejected,
and now withdrawn, is the ultimatum of the Ameri-
can Government? It does strike my mind, Mr.
Chairman, if I occupied the position which I have
supposed British statesmen to occupy, that my
mind would be drawn very clearly to the conclu-
sion that the American Congress are not prepared
to concur in the opinion expressed by the Execu-
tive of the United States: and that, refusing to give
the notice for the termination of the joint occupancy,
the American Congress has brought itself to one of
two conclusions, viz: either that the title on which
the President so confidently relies is not clear to
the mind of Congress, or else that the Congress of
the United States is of the opinion that the Execu-
tive should submit, in conformity with the sugges-
tion of the British Minister in the close of his last
communication, a more favorable proposition to the
British Government. Well, sir, I submit not to the
American Congress, but to any member of it, whe-
ther he is prepared, by his course of conduct, to jus-
tify, on the part of Great Britain, an inference so
clearly deducible fiom the course of conduct which
we are called upon to pursue by those who oppose
the giving this notice, and which is so manifestly
opposed to the known sentiments and opinions of
the American people ? If we are determined, then,
Mr. Chairman, not to sacrifice this territory, and
not to submit to the British Government a more lib-
eral proposition than the one which has been re-
jected, is it not due to the American Government—
is it not due to her national character, to her na-
tional feelings, that she should no longer permit
another Powpr, however great, however haughty,
however domineering, to enjoy, in common with
her, rights to which she has no clear title, or to
which she has no title whatever?
Mr. Chairman: Has Great Britain ever made a
proposition to the United States—have her states-
men ever suggested a proposition of compromise
upon this Oregon question which would meet the
response of an isolated voice in the American Con-
gress ? Do gentlemen anticipate a more favorable
proposition than the one which the British Gov-
ernment has submitted to us? If so, I desire to be
furnished with the reasons for that opinion. Here
is her ultimatum, as her whole course of policy has
evidenced. Thereis the ultimatum—perhaps, sir, be-
yond the ultimatum—of the American people, which
has been submitted by our Government. We are
divided by a gulf; we will not cross it; and we have
no reason to believe that the British Government
is prepared to meet us on our side. Our title is
clear; our rights are unquestionable; hers are the
reverse. Unless, then, you intend to hold out in-
ducements to the British Government to anticipate
a falling back, a surrender, a still further surrender
on the part of the American Government, it strikes
my mind that the question requires prompt, ener-
getic, decisive action on the part of our Govern-
ment—such action as is recommended in the Pres-
ident's Message; such as is contemplated by the
resolution on your table.
But there is another view, Mr. Chairman, in
connexion with the state of the negotiation, which
I desire to submit to this House. If this Congress
should adjourn without having authorized and em-
powered to give this notice for the termination of
the joint occupancy, there is another inference
which may be very clearly and distinctly drawn
by the people and the Government of Great Bri-
tain. Will they not be prepared to say to them-
selves and to the world, that there exists in the
American Government a division of opinion be-
tween these two departments of that Government
the Executive and the Legislative—which weakens
the action of the Government, and enervates her
energy and ability? The Executive marks out a
course of policy evidencing a disposition on the
part of that department of the Government firmly,
energetically to assert and maintain the rights of
the Government; Congress falters, falls back: Great
Britain infers, and justly infers, that there exists on
the part of our Government such a diversity of sen-
timent between the two different departments of the
Government, that it is impossible for that energet-
ic action which the occasion requires to be carried
out, and those clear rights of our Government pro-
perly to be maintained. Are gentlemen prepared
by their policy and course of conduct, to authorize
an inference of this character on the part of the
British Government? Mr. Chairman, I am not in-
dulging in this course of reflection so much from
the°apprehension that the British Government will
make these inferences; if it were not that in my hum-
ble judgment our course of conduct would author-
ize 'them to infer, and give the inference strength
and importance, I would disregard such consider-
ations. But I cannot say that such a course of
conduct on our part would not authorize and jus-
tify an inference of this sort on the part of our oy -
ponents in this contest. Let Congress adjourn with -
out giving the notice under this state of the facts
connected with negotiation—under the fact that
the recommendation has been made by the Execu-
tive—and if Congress fails to comply with it, will
not both Great Britain, and the civilized world who
feci any interest in it, be authorized to draw this
inference, that the " clear," indisputable, and " un-
questionable" title of our Government to the whole
of Oregon, is not so strong and forcible as we have
attempted to make it ? But why, sir, after twenty-
five years or more of negotiation, when the Amer-
ican Congress have before them the proposition
which has been made upon the other side, and no
substantial reason can be given why any other
proposition will be finally agreed upon; when you
have been informed by the Executive department
of the Government (to whose hands this is spe-
cially committed) that no proposition will be made
which this Government ought to accept; when,
under all these circumstances, you declare first
your clear and indisputable title and right, and then
refuse to assert that right, or to adopt measures
for the preservation of that right—will it not, in
the eyes of the world, weaken our title to Oregon,
and throw a veil—I care not how thin—over that
which we now consider so bright and clear, to
our conception at least? Go to the French Gov-
ernment, to the British Government, or to any
other Government, and, after the action of Con-
gress, refusing to give this notice—refusing to
take possession of what we declare and believe
to be ours, and then tell me whether our rights are
not weakened in the estimation of those Govern-
ments ; tell me whether our hand is not less strong
than when we first entered into the contest. The
world will so consider it, and will say that so far
from it, there are shrinkings back, and misgivings
among us; and we ourselves will look back to the
crisis, which I consider the present moment to be,
with regret that we allowed it to pass by without
doing justice to ourselves, and without doing jus-
tice to the honor of our own nation.
It is with me, Mr. Chairman, a question in-
volving our rights, and our final'—I will not say
acquisition—but our final, complete possession of
the whole of this our own territory.
There is another view in reference to the nego-
tiation, which I propose to submit to you, Mr.
Chairman, and to this House. If gentlemen will
put themselves to the trouble to investigate the
negotiation between this Government and the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain on the subject of Oregon,
commencing with its earliest inception, and coming
down to the present time, they will find that the
same reasons which control the conduct of an in-
dividual in the management of his private affairs,
ought sometimes to be applied to a nation in con-
ducting affairs of national importance; and the very
reasons which are now urged for the further post-
