16*6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
ponement of action, efficient action, on the part of
our Government, will be found to have exercised
an undue influence 311 times gone by. 1 do not say,
nor do 1 wish to be understood, as intimating that
there ever has been a peuod, 111 the history of this
negotiation, "when action of this character has been
so impciativ ely requii ed 011 the }>art of our Gov-
ernment as at the present moment; but I do be-
lieve that iho settlement of this Oregon contro-
^ ersy could lui\ e been made with less excitement,
with less trouble, with less diiticulty in past periods
of our history, than it can be made at the present
time. ' j
Mr. Chairman, there is no greater error in the 1
co-iduct of Government, or in the conduct of pri- j
"sale aflliiis, than giving way to the disposition of
our nature to postpone t: the evil day," as it is ■
sometimes termed. You'Will find that the post-
ponement of the Oregon controversy, instead of
efficient action of this House, and of the other
House of Congress.
"We are told, Mr. Chairman, that there are not
inducements sufficient to carry our Government
rashly into a contest for this territory. I go not
nushly. Sir, twenty-live years and more of negoti-
ation, of reilection, of standing still, (if 1 may man-
ufacture the term,) cannot bo considered rash or
heedless. There is a duty which we owe not only
to our Government, as a Government, but a duty
which we owe to the people who ha\e emigrated to
, the Oregon Territory. Pardon me for a very few
i remarks on this branch of the subject. We are told,
i if you postpone giving the notice.—if you allow this
! joint occupation to continue—our people will be
; emigrating to Oie<>on; that we will he building up
our defence in the hardy tons of the West who shall
ha% e gone theie for the purpose of finding a perma-
nent home; that we will be adding harrieis and
opening the door for its amicable adjustment, on : defences to om possession of the Oregon Territory;
" and we arc told in substantiation of this, that within
the, last two yetus the emigration thither has greatly
ineieascd in proportion to what it was a lew years
back; and that, diaw mg the fair inference from the
past, we may com lude that, for the future, this tide
of emigration will continue to roll into the Oregon
Teriitory until we s-hall ha\ c taken possession of it
by our own people being permanently located in that
country. If 1 mistake not the feeling and the spirit
which has induced emigration to Oregon, it may be
fairly attributable to (he implied promise which the
action of this Go\erument heretofore has held out
to this people, that this joint occupancy would, be-
fore this time, ha\e, ceased, and their title to home-
terms more satisfactory, and less calculated to
create excitement, has, in each step of its progress,
accumulated new and more insurmountable diffi-
culties; and to-day we are perhaps further from
an amicable adjustment of it than we have been m
any past period of our liihUuy, unle*s decided,
enejgelic u< tion is takui to bung U about. What
are the reasons uigod for the postponement of ac-
tion' Why, the precedent that it v. as postponed
in 1818 and 1S97, when tins convention was made
and renewed. Well, will any gentleman answer me
what has the Government made by the continued
postponement of the settlement ? Since the acquisi-
tion of our title from Spam, at every moment the
ditiiculties have increased; they have never been j! steads have been made secure and established. Go
lightened, and they never will be. If gentlemen will jj to those people \t ho have emigrated to Oregon, and
submit to my mital a e.oui>c of reasoning which will !i a.-^k them if they be)ie\ed, at the time that they
s>how that at any future period this question can b
better settled upon principles satistaetory I
country, then, perhaps, 1 nn''ht be prepared to go
with them. But, Mr. Chairman, 1 look upon it
that delay now, like delay times, will but
increase the difficulty, heighten the excitement, and
further prolong the period before a lair and final
settlement can be effected. Will gentlemen listen
to me when 1 allude to a discussion familial, veiy
familiar, to the older head* m this House, and a
discussion not \ciy unfamiliar to those who, in
common with myself, took their seats two years
ago in this Houses At that time the Oregon ques-
tion attracted discussion not only here but m the j
other branch of Congress. Do you recollect the j
leasons then uiged for the further postponement!
of energetic action on the pan of our Government? j
It was but a repetition of the argument math- years ;
before, as the lustoiy of the debates will show. ^
You weie told that negotiation was^ pending; that i
it would be impropci ior the legi>lali\e department j
of the Government to interfere when the matter 1
was in the hands of that branch o{ the. Govern- !
ment, which onirht. properly to consider it; and >
that when it was ascertained that negotiation could
not be effected, then, and not till then, would be
the time for the Congress of the United Suites to
act. I recollect, whilst listening to remarks of this
character that fell from the lips" of a distinguished
Senator—one whose voice always is listened to
with attention and respect—that he told, us (and
others concurred with him) that the British Gov-
ernment had reasons why the Oregon question
should go on and be postponed to a later day, and
that the British Go's eminent never looked forward
to the settlement of the Oregon Territory as an
agricultural territory, or with a view to manufac-
tures, or to make it a permanent settlement; that
they only wanted the right to the fur tiade; that it
was being exhausted and passing by; that at pres-
ent it would bear but a small comparison to what
it had been 111 former years; and that as soon as
this interest on the part, of the British Government
had ceased, we would have no difficulty in assert-
ing the whole of our rights to Oregon. \Vejl,sir,
this argument is now at ail end. ou^ will not m- j
tcrfeie with the Executive departmcntm deteimm- j
iag in fa\or of this notice, because you will but ;
carry out its recommendations; and I trust that
American statesmen will no longer ask that this I
important result be postponed on the ground that 1
the British Government, when it has exhausted its f
interest m the fur trade, will voluntarily render and ;
yield us up our own. No, Mr. Chairman; our 1
right to Oregon—to the whole of Oregon—is clear I
and unquestionable; and 1 desire to see it main- j
taincd to the letter and the spirit by the energetic, 1
, abandoned (hrir homos in the western part of our
' western States and emigrated to Oregon Territory,
| that this joint occupancy u as to continue from year
! to year, fiom tune !o time, and that they were to be
i left there without the protection of the laws of their
eountry; that they would be left there with the title
to e\ery foot of land on which they have so located
themsehes uncertain and insufficient. They settle
theie not temporarily, but they build up for them-
sehes a home in that territory, which we say is
ours, but whk h we, fear to declare in such terms as
shall authorise that emigrant people, when they
plant themselves on any portion of the Oregon Ter-
ritory, to f< el cojilidence that they are 011 ground
consecrated to American freedom, and which shall
never cease to be made prosperous and happy by
the prevalence of republican nnnciples. I ask
you, if this is not the feeling under which this em-
igration is carried on to Oregon? Mr. Chairman,
let this Congress adjourn without giving the notice
—instead of it, proclaim by a joint resolution that
it is the opinion of Congress that this joint occu-
pancy shall continue, from time to tune—that we are
not prepared to maintain and assert our unques-
tionable rights, but that we propose to do it at some
future period—then, if 1 mistake not the spirit of
the West, that emigration is at an end. Can you
induce a western man, when we have so much pub-
lic land, when there are so many inducements held
out to him to emigrate where his settlement will be
perfectly secure, and where the Government will
guaranty to them the title to the land, to abandon
all this to go to a country which we have asserted,
by a mere declaratory resolution, 'o be ours, but
our lights to which we are not yet prepared to
maintain arid defend ?
But it is said we shall have gone far enough
when we have passed our laws extending the juris-
diction of our com ts over the Oregon Teriitory, for
the protection of the citizens of the United States
who may go to that country. 1 desire gentlemen
to direct their attention, for a single moment, to the
effect of the passiige of such laws. For one, I am
in favor of it. I desire to see the laws of the Uni-
ted States extended over the Oregon Territory, so
far as we can do it consistently with our rights—
i consistently with our treaty stipulations. But
how long can such a state of things remain? Great
Britain pjisses her laws, extending liei jurisdic-
tion over this territory; you pass your laws, ex-
tending your jurisdiction; and here is a territory
under the operation of two systems of government,
as widely separated from each other as the north
and south pole. Here are the principles of Ameri-
can freedom, carried and borne along by the offi-
ceis of the American Government; here are the
citizens of the British Government, mingling with
our people, who have extended over them the laws
of their monarchical or despotic Government, un-
der which they seek protection. ^ Can these differ-
ent systems—can these laws of different countries,
like the citizens of those countries, commingle one
with the other, all going 011 in sweet and pleasant
harmony? Can it be so? Must there not be per-
petual collisions and difficulties resulting from this^
simultaneous operation of two different systems ot
laws? It may oe that such a state of things may
continue during the twelve months for which your
notice is given; but to say that this is asserting our
rights, and doing justice to those who have settled
in the Oregon Territory, in the indulgence of the
reasonable expectation that they shall be protected,
does not strike my mind as bearing the force of rea-
son or of justice. Mr. Chairman, it cannot be done.
It. is impossible that these two systems can con-
tinue to operate together for any great lengUiof time.
From this I infer that it is the duty of this Govern-
ment to show that we believe Oregon is oars, and
that we are determined to retain it; that it is our
duty immediately to place the people of that coun-
try under the protection, the sole protection of the
laws of the United States.
Mr. Chairman, there is one objection urged, and
one perhaps relied oil with greater force than any
other—one to which our attention has been drawn
by the most of those who have discussed this sub-
ject 011 the other side: we are told that, by with-
holding the giving the notice first, our emigration
will go there, and, by that means, that tlie^ coun-
try will be taken possession of, and our title be
quietly settled; and next, that we arc not now in
a condition to defend our title and maintain our
rights. I will ask gentlemen when will this Gov-
ernment be ready? When will this Government
be prepared to maintain our just rights in the Ore-
gon Territory? Will gentlemen who follow me in
this debate, be so good as to inform the country to
what period of time they look forward when the
United States will be in a proper condition to de-
fend her national rights in the Oregon Territory?
Whoie is the difficulty? Why are you not prepared
to defend the Oregon Territory and your rights m
the territory? Is it owing to the condition of your
army, or of your .navv? So far as your army is
concerned, it is a settled principle in the Govern-
ment, if I understand and appreciate our people
aright, that the Government never shall be depend-
ent on a standing army for the protection of the
rights of the people. You can never induce, and
I trust you will never desire to induce, this Gov-
ernment to cieate a large standing army in time of
peace as preparatory to some future emergency
which may require it. The bulwark of the defence
of our country lies in the hearts and the spirit oi
the American people. It is to the citizen-soldier,
and not the mercenary hireling, that the American
people look for the defence of their rights in an
emergency of this kind. Is your navy not pre-
pared? Mr. Chairman, I am not prepared, nor
should I detain you if I was prepared, to go into
a discussion of the condition and character of our
navy. But tell me when we will be better prepar-
ed than we are now? Will it be at some future
period? Are you prepared at once to make a
heavy appropriation for the increase of your navy?
Will this Government ever be prepared, in a time
of peace, to pursue a policy of this kind? If so,
it will differ widely from the history of the past or
of Congresses preceding. And those who are
most anxious now for the settlement of the Oregon
question, and those who are in favor of postpon-
ing it to a future period, many of them, will be
found on common ground in warfare upon our lit-
tle navy—that gallant navy which needs no praise
from my hands; it is written in the history of the
country.
[Mr. C. here paused for a moment, to inquire
how much of his hour was still unexhausted; and
having ascertained that he had but about ten min-
utes more, proceeded as follows:]
Mr. Chairman, I have exhausted more time upon
the discussion of these one or two points than I had
intended, and I fear X must pass by some others to
which I had intended to refer. There was, how-
ever, one prominently brought forward in this dis-
cussion upon which I must bestow at least a pass-
ing thought. It is said by those- who advocate it,
that this is a peace measure, and by those who op-
pose it, that it is a war measure. . Mr; Chairman,
I am not prepared to go to the full extent with some
who declare that the inevitable result of the pas-
