170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
from the time the first act allowing pensions to widows of
levoJutionary officers expned, up to the time when the act
was revived, a period of two years: referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims. Also, the petition of Ralph
xrench, of Hardin county. Kentucky, praying a pension tor
revolutionary services: referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims. Also, the memorial and accompanying
papers ot Christopher Miller's hens, of Hardin county, Ken-
tucky, praying compensation for services rendered by said
Miller in the noithwestem aimy. referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims. Also, the petition of I&aac Davis, of Nelson
county, Kentucky, asking compensation for services len-
dered by las fattier (Cornelius Davis) during the revolu
tionary war, and foi property lost m the early settlement of
Kentucky: reiened to the Committee of Claims. The pe-
tition and accompanying papers of Catharine Fulton,.of
Washington couutv, Pennsylvania, praying a penwon for
the hervices of her deceased husband duung the revolu-
tionary war: referred to the Committee 011 Revolutionary
Claims.
By Mi. McCLEAN • The petition and accompanying doc-
uments ot Jacob Stoneeipher, tor compensation tor a horse
lost whilst engaged m the service of the United States du-
ring the late war with Great Butain; ry&ried to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
By Mr. GILES: The petition of Esther Russell, praying
lbi an meiease of pension: relerred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions. The petition of Levi Cohmus,
piaying that a pension may be allowed him from 1814 to
1844, when he was placed on the pension loll: releired to
the Committee on Invalid Pens-ions.
By Mr. MARTIN, of Wisconsin. The petition of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, lot an appropiiation on the load from
Ivlilwaukie to Green Bay: releired to the Committee on
Roads and Canals. The inemonal of citizens of the city
and State of New York, tor the improvement ot Fox and
Wisconsin rivers. The mcmoual ot citizens ot Maiquette
county, Wisconsin, fin the improvement ot Pox and Wis-
consin rivers. The inemoiial of heirs of Matthew Jack,
asking for retained invalid pension: lefeired to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
By Air. IUTTEU. The mcmoual of Henry Shubart, fioin
Bethel township, Berks county, ex-officer of aitilleiy of the
French aimy, pioponmg a plan for national defence": refer-
red to the Cmnnutiee on Military Atlhirs.
By Mr. NKViN": The petition of Alexander C. Muliiner,
and many other citizens of Wisconsin, asking an appio-
pualion to repair the road leading from Milvvaukie to Gieen
buy.
Bv Mr RELFE: The petition of James Journey, of Mis-
souti, asking Congress to confirm to linn a tract m laud in
fcdid State; lavoiabiy leported on. and placed in the Jir&t .
t-la^s by if'poit ol' commiasioneis appointed undei the act of
Uth July, ib&J.
By Mi. VYEIMTWORTH The petition of Keubeti Tay-
loi lor relief: refeired to the Committee of RevoluUon.uy
i'ensions.
By Mr. CATIICART: The petition of sundry citizens of
Indiana, praying the consolidation of the land officcs at Foi t ;
Wajne and Winamae, and then location at Peru, in Miami
county
By Mr. McCLELLAND Thepetition of sundry manners
of the lakes, in favor of an appropriation for a h.uboi at
Cattaraugus, New York.
By Mr. BIGGS : The petition of Timothy Gilbert, and
298 oiuer cnuens of the county ot Pasquotank, Noith Caio-
liua, piaj'uig an appiopuution to leupen Roanoke Inlet at
Nag's Head.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 9, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER said, the first business m order
would be the call of the committees for reports.
Mr. WENTWOIITH made an ineffectual mo-
tion to suspend the rules, for the purpose of en-
abling members to introduce bills of which notice
had been given, and which would not give rise to
debate.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
THE FLOOR.
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH asked leave to offer a
resolution, which, he said, he thought would re-
ceive the general assent of the House.
Mr. WENT WORTH objected.
[Several voices: Let them speak alphabetically.]
Mr. SMITH said that the object of the resolu-
tion was to relieve the House from the disgrace at-
taching to its deliberations, in consequence of the
scramble that daily took place in this Hall for the
floor. He hoped that the resolution might be read
lor information. And it was read as follows:
Resolved, That the members of this House who
Lave not already addressed the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the resolution
for giving notice to Groat Britain to abrogate the
convention between that Power and the United
States, of the 6th of August, 1827, may this day
hand their names to the chairman of said commit-
tee, who shall arrange the same in such order as he
may see fit, and shall report the same to the com-
mittee when he shall next take the chair after this
day; and the members on said list shall be entitled
to the floor m the consideration of said resolution
in the order therein set down; Provided, That any
member absent from sickness ox other cause may
have his name inserted m said list at any time be-
fore Tuesday next; and also, that any member may
exchange his position on said list with any other
membei: Andprovided, further, That this resolution
shall not be construed to abrogate or modify any i
other rule of the House than the 32d. j
Mr. SCHENCK desired to suggest a difficulty j
which occurred to his mind in case such a resolu-;
tion should be adopted. Suppose, he said, that a J
member who had thought of speaking, when his
turn came should not desire to be heard, but that
after his turn should have passed, something might
be said by others in the course of the debate to
which he might wish to reply; what was to be
done in such a case ?
The SPEAKER said the resolution was not yet
before the House, and could not therefore be de-
bated.
And objections being made to its reception,
Mr. SMITH moved u suspension of the rules.
Mr. HAAILIN said that, should the rules be
suspended, he should make a point of order on the
resolution itself.
Mr. PETTIT suggested that the proposition
was wholly impracticable.
The SPEAKER said the question before the
House was not on the resolution, but on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules.
And the question being taken, the House re-
fused to suspend the rules.
So the resolution was not received.
THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. W. G. BROWN asked leave to offer the
following resolution, (having reference, he said, to
a recent letter of the Postmaster General,) which
was read lor information:
Wheieas the members of this House have seen
with surprise a letter published in the 45 Daily
Union" of the 6th instant,,signed by the Postmas-
ter General of the United States, in the following
words:
uTO DEPUTY POSTMASTERS.
44 Infoimation has been recently furnished the
4 department, from official as well as other sources,
4 that various devices are daily resorted to to evade
4 even the present low rates of postage, by an abuse
4 of the privilege of franking; that letters are daily
' put into the mails, having the frank of individuals
'publicly known to be many miles distant fioin
' the office m which they arc placed ; that blank en-
' velopes, in large numbers, are known to be in the
' possession of individuals having no right to frank,
' and constantly used to evade the payment of post-
4 age, when the person franking is known to be at
' a distance from the place; that the letters of third
' persons are daily franked by those entitled to the
' privilege; that under the pretence of exchange, edi-
k tors often receive newspapers liee of postage, for
4 subscribers; that newspapers published in one
' city, purport on their face to be published at sev-
4 eral other cities at the same time, so that they
4 may go free of postage within thirty miles of each
' place where they purport to be published; that
4 correspondence is often kept up between individ-
4 uals through the medium of those entitled to the
' privilege, and the letters so received not returned
4 to the ofhee to be charged as required by law.
" The 28th section of the act of 1825 imposes a
4 penalty of ten dollars on any person 4 who shall
'frank any letter or letters other than those tcritleii by
4 himself or by /lis order, on the business of his office.'
4 The 24th section of the same law imposes the
' same penalty on any person 41oho shall procure,
4 aid, advise, or assistin such violation of the post
' office laws, and it is made the ' especial duty of
1 postmasters to prosecute for said offences.'
44 It becomes my duty, therefore, to direct that
4 in all cases where a letter is delivered at your
' office having a frank on it, and is accompanied by
4 such circumstances as clearly show that it is not
4 the letter of the individual whose frank it bears,
4 the frank is in effect a false certificate; that the
4 same should be charged with postage, and the
' names of the parties thus violating the law, and
4 the witnesses by whom the offence can be proven,
4 be reported to the district attorney for prosecu-
' tion m the Federal courts.
4 Should postage be in any case erroneously
'charged, the same will be remitted at the office
4 where received, upon the letter being opened, and
4 pioving to be the letter of a person entitled to
' frank.
44 Newspapers sent to editors clearly intended
4 for the benefit of subscribers should be rated with
4 postage as if directed to the subscriber.
" In all cases newspapers passing through the
4 mails over thirty miles from the real place of pub-
4 lication should be charged with postage.
" As it is made your especial duty, by law, to
4 prosecute for such violations of the law, it is ex-
4 pected that you will watch with the utmost care
4 against these unlawful practices; 4 and whenever
<kyou have causc for suspicion, use all lawful means
4 to obtain evidence against the offender. Let no
4 effort be remitted, let no dignity of station deter
4 you; but, however exalted maybe the rank of
4 the officer who shall violate the law, in the abuse
4 of the franking privilege, never fail to enforce the
' penalty bv legal process, and report each case to
' the department.' C. JOHNSON,
4' Postmaster General.''
And whereas it is manifestly unjust that those
who exercise the franking privilege under the pro-
visions of the act of the 3d of March, 1845, should
stand accused generally and indiscriminately be-
fore the public with the abuse of that piivilege,
without having an opportunity of defending them-
selves; therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads inquire into the abuse (if any)
alluded to in the letter aforesaid of the Postmaster
General, and report them to this House; and that
the said committee be, and they are hereby, em-
powered to send for persons and papers for that
purpose. And whereas it would appear by the let-
ter of the Postmaster General aforesaid that he un-
derstands the franking privilege of letters to extend
only to such letters as may be written by the indi-
vidual entitled to exercise the said privilege, or by
his order, on the business of his office: and where-
as great doubt exists whether the Postmaster Gen-
eral has given the law, as it now stands, the proper
construction:
Be it therefore further resolved, That the said com-
mittee report to this House their opinion of the
true construction of the 8th section of the act afore-
said of the 3d of March, 1845, and particularly
whether the same does not secure to the members
and Clerk of this House, during the session of
Congress, and for a limited time thereafter, the
right of franking and sending through the mail any
letter, the weight of which does not exceed two
ounces, without reference to the official character
of such letter.
Objections were made.
Mr. McHENRY called for the reading of the
letter; which was read.
And the question being about to be taken,
Mr. VANCE said he thought it was a matter of
some importance that this resolution should be
adopted; he would therefore demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules; and they
were ordered.
Mr. G. W. JONES suggested that one of the
select committees already had this subject under
consideration.
The question was then taken, and resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashnrun, Raker, Bar-
ringer, Bayly, Bedinger, James Black, James A.
Black, Blanchard, Boyd, William G. Brown, John
G. Chapman, Augustus A. .Chapman, Cocke,
Cranston, Crozier, Cummins, Dargin, Garrett
Davis, Jefferson Davis, Delano, Dixon, Dockery,
Dromgoole, Edsall, J. H. Ewing, Fries, Garvin,
Gentry, Graham, Haralson, Henley, Herrick,
Hoge, Hough, John W. Houston, Samuel D.
Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Hunter,
Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins,
Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Daniel P.
King, Thomas B. Kina;, Leake, Lewis, Levin,
Long, Lumpkin, McClean, McCrate, McHenry,
Mclivame, Marsh, Barclay Martin, Miller, Morris,
Niven, Pendleton, Perrill, Pettit, Pollock, Price,
Rathbun, RelAj, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rock-
well, Root, Schenck, Seaman, Alexander D. Sims,
Leonard H. Simms, Truman Smith, Albert Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Starkweather, Stephens,'Stew-
art, Strohm, Thihodeaux, Benjamin Thompson,
•Jjmes Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thurman,
Tilden, Treadway, Trumbo, -Vance, Vinton,
White, Winthrop, Wood, Woodruff, Woodward,
vvoodworth, Wright, Yell, and Young—1GL
j NAYS—Messrs. J. Q.. Adams, Stephen Adams,
i Anderson, Arnold, Benton, Biggs, Bowlin, Brink-
