1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
178
every sea. The industry and the enterprise of our
countryme'n have been made known in every part
of the habitable globe. Our Christian philanthropy
has planted the institutions of redeeming mercy in
the centre of the great continent of Asia, m the isles
of the Pacific, and even on the dark and dreary
coast of western Africa, so cursed " by man's in-
humanity to man." Am I in error, then, in say-
ing that this question interests every civilized man ?
Or is it strange that'an interest should be excited
in this Hall which betokens the greatness and im-
portance of the subject, and that even beauty should
forsake for a season her gay and flowery walks to
smile upon our deliberations >
_ It is a question which outrides all party distinc-
tions, which sweeps away all party lines, and
shows us that upon all great questions of foreign
policy we are, as a people, one in sentiment, as we
are in history, and shall be one m destiny. I be-
lieve that when this great question copies up for
final action, this House will be found, as the Amer-
ican people will be found, unanimous in the pur-
suit of such measures as may be deemed necessary
to meet the exigencies of the occasion.
However we may differ as to the initiatory steps
proper for the assertion of our title, (and these are
points on which I know there are honest differences
of opinion amongst men of all parties,) yet, when
no other resource is left—when all negotiations
fail—when all hope of settling the matter by treaty
shall have passed away, and men comc to consider
what course we ought to take for the maintenance
of that title, they will throw off the faded livery
of party and put 011 the uniform of our common
country.
Sir, the debate which we have had in this Hall has
been gratifying to every American heart. There
was only one portion 01 the argument which I re-
gretted. I did deeply regret that the honorable
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gidwngs,] who first
addressed the committee, should have permitted i
himself to turn aside from this lofly tliome, and
hurl a shaft at one of the institutions of the coun-
try. But, sir, during this debate wc have lieaul a
voice, I might almost say, from the post. The
venerable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ad
ams] has spoken out; and I for one rejoiced lo see
that, although his locks are bleached with the
frosts of more than seventy winters, yet that the
fires of patriotism still burn brightly on that an-
cient altar.
Mr. Chaiiman, I was one of those who were in
favor of postponing the discussion of this great
question, as proposed by the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr. C. J.
In'Gersoll.] I wished to see what would be the
effect in England of the present aspect of the ques-
tion, as it is presented in the late correspondence,
which has brought from the archives of diplomacy,
into the full light of day, the fulness and clearness
of our title—a correspondence which will add to
the heretofore wide-spread fame of the Secretary
of State; a fame whose laurels time, which cor-
rodes and destroys so much of human achieve-
ment, will, year after year, only freshen and re-
new. After that correspond once, if we must go
into this contest, we shall feel the full force of the
sentiment—
" Thrice is he armed who hath his quarrel just."
If this contest is to come—for we are not per-
mitted to lift the veil of futurity, and see what is
in reserve for us—humanity will weep; the angel
of peace will unfurl his fairy wing, and take his
eagle-flight to the sky. It will be a contest that
will not only sweep from the ocean a vast portion
of commerce, but will retard the great benevolent
operations of the day, and, as I believe, arrest the
march of civilization for more than half a century.
It was for considerations such as these that I was
anxious to pause, that we might see whether our
opponents would plant themselves directly in the
face of the President's Message, of our title and
of the correspondence. But the House has de- j
cided otherwise. We are here discussing this great!
question, and in a few days we must vote upon it. '
1 shall now, therefore, briefly and plainly give to
the committee the reasons which have operated on
my mind, and which will induce me to vote for the
resolution which the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs submitted.
Much has been said about the consequences of a
conflict between Great Britain and this country. If
it comes, (and I, for one, covet not for my country,
" the plumed troop, the big wars, the shrill trump,
the spirit-stirring drum, the ear-piercing fife, and
all the pride, pomp, and circumstance of glorious
war;") but, if it comes, it will do one thing for us
that has not yet been mentioned: it will free us
forever from the looms of Manchester and the
workshops of Birmingham. It will emancipate
us forever from the manufactures of Great Britain.
She will lose one of her best customers; and that I
believe to have been one of the great prevailing con-
siderations which have hitherto held her in peaceful
relations with us.
Mr. Chairman, after the most careful considera-
tion which 1 have been able to give to this question,
I conscientiously believe that, if war is to come, it
will come whether you give this notice or not. I
believe that we have now reached a point in the
history of the Oregon Territory which will no longer
admit of this joint occupation. I should like to
know from British statesmen how long this chry-
salis state of civilization—this inchoate system of
Government—is, in this state of things, to last. It
was very well in 1818—it was well in 1827—when
this great country was used only as a place to
receive from the Indian tribes the furs they col-
lected, and as a place at which our whalemen and
other ships might water. It was very well whilst
Great Britain and ourselves merely used the terri-
tory for the purposes of commerce, without refer-
ence to actual settlement. But, sir, in pursuance,
I suppose, of that destiny to which my eloquent
friend from Indiana referred the other day, whose
onward progress we cannot resist, our people rap-
idly have passed to Oregon, not for the purpose
of commerce, not to obtain the furs of that vast
country, but to settle, to build houses, and to
till the soil. In this stale of things, look for a
moment at the condition of Oregon. Our citizens
are now there without a government, and without
protection from the country. They are entitled to
j both. Refuse to pass a bill to provide that gov-
I eminent and to give that protection, and what
i condition arc yoifiri > Why, if a British subject
| assaults and beats an American citizen, by whom,
j under the present system, (which some gentlemen
i wish to continue,) is lie 10 be tried? By your
J American judiciary? No; but by a British court.
If there is 110 British court near, then he is sent to
some distant establishment of the Hudson Bay
Company. Can any man belie vfr that, looking to
this conflict of jurisdiction, if it is continued, peace
can longer be maintained ? Daily and hourly must
be the conflict. An American citizen is indebted
to a citizen of Great Britain. Where is he to be
sued? In an American court. If a British subject
is indebted, he must be sued in a British court.
But the absurdity of the thing does not stop here.
Our citizens have gone to that territory for the pur-
pose of settlement. From whom are they to ob-
tain their titles to the soil ? The treaty says that
the sovereignty is in abeyance. I appeal to the
good sense of gentlemen to say, whether it can
longer be left so? It has been said by travellers,
that the coffin of Mahomet is suspended between
heaven and earth; but a greater miracle will be
seen, if this matter of title to the sovereignty of
this soil can longer be kept in abeyance. Whether
you give the notice or abstain from giving it, a
conflict must come, unless this matter is arranged
by treaty. That it may be so arranged, I fervent-
ly and sincerely hope. I do not see that the giving
this notice can, in any manner, either advance or
retard a settlement by treaty. I am for giving the
notice, because we are bound to protect our citizens
who have gone to that country upon the faith of
that title which we have again and again asserted,
j I am in favor of giving it, because, wc must follow
I it up by provision for a government to protect and
j defend our citizens, who have planted our banner
! on the shores of the Pacific. I am in favor of ter-
| minating this joint occupancy, because we cannot
give an efficient government and a proper protec-
tion to our citizens whilst it remains.
But I am in favor of it for another reason. How
many citizens, to-day, of the United States, are on
the northern bank of the Columbia river? Not
one, of whom I have any information! What is
the reason? The British Government has now es-
tablished there a regular system of government—
the Hudson Bay Company, with their forts erect-
ed on the northern side of the Columbia, who so
arrange matters that no American citizen shall
make a permanent settlement on the northern side
of that river. ^They have not, as I am aware, in-
fringed the treaty; but with their great power and
wealth, and looking to the secrecy with which that
company operates over the whole North American
continent, they have brought other means to bear
than that of force, to turn the emigration from the
United States south of the Columbia river. I will
read an extract from a work which describes this
organization. I quote from Greenhow:
" In addition to the assistance and protection
' thus received from the British Government, the
1 constitution of the Hudson Bay Company is such
' as to secure the utmost degree of knowledge and
' prudence in its councils, and of readiness and ex-
' actness in the execution of its orders. Its affairs
' are superintended by a Governor, a Deputy Gov-
' crnor, and a Committee of Directors, established
' at London, by whom all general orders and regu-
' lations are devised and issued, and all reports and
' accounts are examined and controlled. Thepro-
' ceedings of this body are enveloped in profound
' secrecy, and the communications made to the
' Government in writing, which are likely to be
' published, are expressed in terms of studied cau-
' tion, and afford only the details absolutely re-
' quired."
Here, then, (continued Mr. G.,) is a perfect or-
ganization—an established Government operating-
m favor of British subjects on the northern bank of
the Columbia.
I am in favor of giving the notice for another and
yet stronger reason. This matter has been again
opened by negotiation. The American Govern-
ment, in that spirit of liberality which lias ever
oluuacterized its intercourse with foreign nations,
has again, and for the fourth time, made the most
libelal offers for a settlement of the controversy by
compromise. The American Government has again
proposed to divide this territory by the 49th paral-
lel of latitude, which, in reference to the extent of
territory 011 the northern and southern side, is a
most liberal offer of compromise, and will be so
pronounced by the diplomatists of Europe. It
gives England nearly one-half of that magnificent
territory. Did not the offer go even further than
that? Let me read an extract from the letter of
the Secretary of State of the 12th of July, to the
British Minister.
Mr. Buchanan says:
"He [tile President] has therefore instructed the
1 undersigned again to propose to the Government
' of Great Britain that the Oregon Territory shall
' be divided between the two countries by the 49th
' parallel of north latitude, from the Rocky moun-
' tains to the Pacific ocean."
That (said Mr. G.) was a most liberal offer, but
it did not stop there. It further says:
" Offering, at the same time, to make free to
' Great Britain any port or ports on Vancouver's
1 Island, south of this parallel, which the British
' Government may desire."
Can there (said Mr. G.) be a more liberal pro-
position than that which our Government thus sub-
mitted ?
Why, sir, if one were unacquainted with the
history of Great Britain, he would be struck with
amazement that such a proposition should be re-
jected. But when we tiace her history from the
day that the Norman conqueror planted his own
heel upcin that sea-girt isle, down the stieam of
time until the day that she chained her honor to
the rock at St. Helena with its royal captive, when
has Great Britain ever abandoned any claim of
territory she has made, except she has obtained
the lion's share by treaty, or has first tried the
wager of battle? What is her proposition now?
What has it always been? " Give me the north
' of the Columbia river. Give me two-thirds of
' this territory, to which I acknowledge I have no
' claim; give me more than two-thirds of that ter-
' ritory, in which I have never claimed the sover-
' cignty of the soil1" Now, sir, however we differ
upon her offer, or her acceptance of the parallel
of forty-nine degrees, I do not believe that, from
Nova Scotia to Texas—from the Atlantic to the
Pacific—there breathes a single man this day who
will ever permit Great Britain to come south of
the forty-ninth parallel.
Mr. Chairman, Great Britain is perfectly con-
, tent with the joint occupancy. It effects all her
| objects; and she is willing to trust to time to give
! her all she wants. It gives her, Mr. Chaiiman,
i all she ever asked or contended for, as I shall
| show. The joint occupancy is all she ever asked
! or contended for. Now, what is the basis of her
