174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9#
title? Why, sir, in the negotiation at London be-
tween Mr. Gallatin and the British Plenipotentia-
ries, in 18*27, what ^vas the claim then advanced
by Great Britain? Did she dream at that day of
claiming the sovereignty of title to any part of the
soil of Oregon? Let us hear her own Plenipoten-
tiary. In his protocol he holds this language:
" Great Britain claims no exclusive sovereignty over
i any portion of that territory. Her present claim,
4 not in respect to any part, but to the whole, is Iim-
* ited to a right of joint occupancy, in common with
' other States, leaving the right of exclusive domi-
* nion in abeyance."
There is where she wants to leave it now. Why,
sir? Why? Because she has no title beyond that.
She never asked for anything but the joint occu-
pancy. Well, upon what lias she founded this j
claim? Why, at the close of this protocol she j
holds this language: |
Such being the result of the recent negotiation, j
4 it only remains for Gieat Briuun to maintain and 1
k uphold the qualified rights which she now pos- j
* sesses over the whole of the territory in question, i
' These rights are recorded and defined in the con- j
' vention of Nootka. Thev enibmee the right to t
4 navigate the wateis of those countries, the right, j
' to settle in and over any part of them, and 'the 1
4 right freely to trade with the inhabitants and oc- :
' cupiers of the same." :
She claimed, then, no sovereignty, no title to the j
soil, but a right in that territory merely for the !
usual purposes of commerce—a light there to pur- j
sue her commercial operations, founded upon the
treaty of .Nootka Sound.
Well now, sir, that w.is her claim in 1827. That
was the opinion of her Minister of her claim. Was
it coriect, or was it not? Can any man believe, if
at that day she believed herself to possess any title
to the soil of Oregon, it would not have been em- !
braced in the protocol of her Plenipotentiary? She j
founded her claim upon die Nootka Sound treaty, j
.Now, this protocol gives you the opinion of her j
Minister in ]tf27, that that treaty gave her no right [
to the soil—that it gave her but a "qualified" right.
Was it in existence in 1827? Gut of what did it
grow? There is something about the history of
that treaty which speaks a lesson as to the foreign
policy of Great Britain. Why, sir, in 1790, the
King of Great Britain made a communication to
his Parliament, that two British vessels had been
seized by the Spanish Governor upon the North-
western coast of America. Now, I ask gentlemen
to look at the communication made to the Parlia-
ment of Great Britain upon the 5th day of May,
1700, and winch was the commencement of the
Nootka Sound difficulty. Does any gentleman
suppose* if Great Biitain at. that day believed she
had any claim to the soil, that when her King was
speaking to his own Parliament he would not have
alluded to it? That when he was calling down
attention to an outrage committed on a portion of
the citizens of his kingdom, he would not have
spoken of it as being committed in a country over
which he claimed the sovereignty, or in which he
claimed the right of soil? But we hear not one
word of this. He speaks of the injury to the ves-
sels; but in the whole communication there is not
one word that upon the soil of the country Great
Britain had any claim. He does not speak of the
loss of lands. No, sir. We does not speak of the
destruction of houses; but he complains of the
capture of two ships and their cargoes. Well,
Spain took great pains to clear up this matter. She
behaved in a liberal and noble way; and she ad
pounded the question, whether any buildings or
lands were owned by Captain Me ares, who was
the complainant. Now, what did they say ? Here
is what they say. [Mr. Q. read an extract (which
the reporter has unfortunately mislaid) jftom the
certificates to which he had referred, in which no
claim was made or alluded to for anything other
than the vessels and their cargoes.] They had no
land, nor any title to the soil. And yet you find,
when the Nootka Sound treaty came to be made—
made, no doubt, under tho menace of a British
fleet—that the word " lands" is introduced. But,
taking that treaty—the whole and entire treaty
together—it gives nothing, as I have said before, to
the British Government but what her Minister in
1827 termed "qualified rights." Well now, sir,
here is a view that has struck my mind, indepen-
dent of the argument which is put forward by the
Secretary of State, that this treaty was entirely ab-
rogated by the war which ensued between Spain
and Great Britain. But there is another argument,
and it is this: that any grant from any Power to
another, of a qualified right of that kind, must be
taken to continue only so long as that qualified
right can bo fairly exercised in reference to the pro-
gress and settlement of the country. Spain never
could have intended, and never did intend, to give
to Great Britain, by that treaty, the right, if she
should hereafter settle and cultivate that country,
to any portion of its sovereignty. It was a right
to trade, on an uncivilized coast—a right for pro-
tection for hei ships m storms—a right only which
could bo exercised without injury to Spain, while
Spain had not yet settled upon the territory, but
which could not be considered to extend beyond
the period when Spain, or any other Power to
whom she should transfer her sovereignty, should
settle and cultivate that soil. So I read that treaty,
sir. It is temporary from the very nature of things,
and must have been intended to be ended when the
state of the country had become entirely changed
frum what it was when the treaty was made.
Now, upon that treaty of Nootka Sound Great
Britain plants heiself, not claiming, as 1 said be-
fore, the sovereignty to one foot of the soil, but
j merely the right jointly to occupy it for the pur-
j poses of trade.
| Mr. Chairman, in 1818, when the convention of
that day was made, joint occupancy suited both
the high contracting parties. In 1818, no citizen of
the United States, except possibly those connected
with the fur trade at Astoria, had hecomc an in-
habitant of that territory. Great Britain and the.
United States looked to its use merely as a place
for carrying on the fur trade, and possibly as a
place for watering their ships engaged in the whale
fishery in the Pacific. Joint occupancy, then,
was all that the United Stales wanted; joint occu-
pancy was then, and is now, all that Great Britain
wants. In 1727, things remained in the same con-
dition; and that which was but temporary by its
own limitation, was made to continue during the
pleasure of both parties. But what does it bear on
its facc? Why, it bears on its face the opinion of
both the high contracting parties, that a period
would conic when this joint occupancy would no
longer be advisable. It reserves the right for either
party to terminate this joint occupancy upon twelve
months' notice. They looked then, as they did in
1818, when they made this convention temporarily
—they looked to the fact that the day would come
when this joint occupancy would no longer exist.
Now, I may be in error—we are all liable to error—
but I think, sir, that that day has arrived. Now,
dressed a memorial to the courts of Europe in 'j as I said before, upon this subject we differ upon
justification of her conduct, in which she holds this 1'this initiatory step towards the assertion of our
language:
"The high and menacing tone and manner in
' which the answer of the British Minister was
4 couched, at a time when no certain information
4 of the particulars had arrived, made the Spanish
1 cabinet entertain some suspicions that it was made
* not so much for the purpose of the dispute m
' question as a pretext to break entirely with our
1 court; for which reason it was thought necessary
' to take some precautions relative to the sub-
1 ject."
Well, sir, when affidavits came to be made in
London to bring this claim properly before Parlia-
ment, the word " lands" is for the first time intro-
duced. The Spanish Government took great pains;
it obtained certificates of two American captains
who were there at the time, not only giving the
title. And I regret, Mr. Chairman, exceed
in ly, that I differ in opinion with a distinguished
statesman in the other end of this Capitol, whose
purity of life and comprehensiveness of intellect
have marked him as one of the master-spirits of
the age, and v.ho has shed a halo aiound the Amer-
ican name—n man to whom the American people
can point as the living model of what an American
statesman should be. But we have all our individ-
ual responsibility. We ore all bound to bring to
the consideration of this question the best intelli-
gence which nature and education have brought
within our reach, and to follow out, after patient
and retired study, the dictates of our own judg-
ments. 1 believe, sir, the day has come for the
cessation of this joint occupancy. Your Govern-
ment has thought so too. She has again held out
Retails of all the transactions, but to them is pro- ; the olive-branch of peace to the Government across
the water. She has again said to her opponent in
this question, " although we believe our title clear
1 to the whole of this territory, yet we will, for the
4 fourth time, offer to divide it with you by a par-
1 allel of latitude which is the same that divides our
i territory from the Lake ofthe Woods to the West-
* em mountains. Wewill extend this parallel to the
* Pacfic ocean, and give you nearly one-half of this
1 magnificent territory. Wewill give it to you,
* too, when you never claimed the sovereignty of
* the soil, but claimed merely its temporary occu-
4 pancy." Sir, I believe that the rejection of that
offer by the British Minister was rash and impoli-
tic; and, I believe, over it humanity will weep.
Sir, the gentleman from Indiana who addressed
the committee a day or two ago, asked where was
the power of Congress, under the Constitution, to
pass this resolution. I point him to section third,
article fourth, of the Constitution, which reads
thus:
" The Congress shall have power to dispose of,
1 and make all needful rules and regulations re-
i specting the territory or other property belonging
' to the United States."
Now, here is a power given in the Constitution
to pass all rules and regulations respecting our ter-
ritory. 0, but, says the gentleman, it belongs to
the treaty-making power. But no conflict can
ever come between Congress and the treaty-making
power on a question of this kind to which Con-
gress agrees To whom is the power given under
this resolution? To the House of Representatives,
the President, and the Senate. Who is the treaty-
making power? The President and Senate. What-
ever, then, Congress approves, the treaty-making
power will sanction. There can be no conflict be-
tween them. There is the treaty-making power.
The honorable gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Yancey,] to whose remarks I listened with so
much delight—it was the glowing eloquence of
the sunny South—asked what the late war had
achieved? Sir, that war was not a war for terri-
tory; it was a war for the freedom of the sea.
Great Britain had claimed supremacy upon the
sea, and her poet had boastingly said of her—
" Britannia needs no bulwark,
No towers along the steep;
Her march is o'er the mountain wave,
Her home is on the deep;"
We met her on that clement; and again and again
and again was the red cross of St. George struck
before that starry banner around which cluster the
gushing affections of our hearts. Yes, sir; upon it,
before wc entered that struggle, we inscribed " Free
Trade and Sailors' Rights." They were gloriously,
nobly maintained; and, at the treaty of Ghent—
over which was placed, as one of its ministering
spirits, the venerable gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams]—the American eagle flapped
its wings triumphantly over the crouching lion.
Mr. Chairman, much has been said of what the
West will do in case of a contest. I hope, I fer-
vently hope, that this contest may not come; but
if wc are to have it—if we are to have the battle of
the warrior, " with confused noise, and garments
rolled in blood"—I tell my friends from the rich
and glorious West, that those I have the honor to
represent will not be found last when the muster-
roll calls. Sir, the patriotism and the valor of my
constituents need no eulogium from me. They
have been written on the field of battle with the'
heart's blood of the proud invader; and the same
valor and same patriotism which, more than thiity
years ago, impelled them to throw themselves be-
tween their own loved homes and the warrior's
desolation—which led them to encounter the vet-
erans of Wellington, flushed with the victories of
the Peninsula—animates their bosoms, and will
again nerve their arms. Sir, in our infant strug-
gle for liberty, in the army which carried us so
successfully through that trying crisis, there was
one division whose name has become an epitaph
of glory. It was the Maryland line—" first in the
fight, and last in the retreat." Although Howard,
of Eutaw, and the gallant Smith, now sleep beneath
the soil of that country which their efforts aided to
redeem from a foreign bondage, their spirit walks
abroad.
Mr. Chairman, I believe if this contest is to
come, it will not be for a few 'miles of territory. It
will be a strife between the monarchical principles
j of the Old World and the rising greatness of the
Western Empire. Our light has become so bright
1 as to be flashed across the ocean, and to light up
