176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10.
tant General in relation to the case of James Bum-
bough; which was referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
On motion of Mr. C.,
Ordered, That the petition anil papers in the case
of James Bumbough be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
PUBLIC DEFENCES.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill making appropriation for
defensive works in the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and committed to a
Committee of the Whole House on the state of
the Union.
THE REVENUE SERVICE.
The Committee on Naval Affairs having been
called,
Mr. ISAAC K. HOLMES, its chairman, report- i
ed " A bill to regulate the appointment and pro- i
motion of officers of the United States revenue ser- !
vice, and for other purposes." .
The bill having been read twice by its title, j
Mr. HOLM ICS asked that it be put on its third 1
reading at this time.
Mr. McKAY, and several other members, culled
for the leading of the bill; which was accordingly 1
read.
Mr. G DAVIS said, he did not think that a bill j
of this kind, of so much importance, and contain- <!
ing such a variety of provisions, should be passed !
in this way. And lie inquired whether it had i
been printed? j
The SPEAKER said the Chair thought not. j
Mr. U. DAVIS said he thought it should be |
printed, and that the House should take time to !
consider it. It might be right, but the House j
should have time to examine it. j
Mr. I. E. IIOLMEW briefly explained the ne- [
cessiiy of us passage. It contained nothing, lie :
said, which interfered at all with the regulations
now existing, so far as the department vi as con-
cerned. The appointment of the officers hitherto
had been made without, the advice and consent of
the Senate. The irresponsibility of this course ji
had been such, that appointments had boon made Jj
which never ought to have been made; and it was
proper, therefore, that a check should be put upon i
them. Oongiess had appropriated large sums of ,i
money to build steamers, it was the most eilir.tent :
armament for the coast service, but engineers
were wanted ; so that really, after the steamers !
had been built, and were otherwise ready for sea, >j
they had not got the personnel that wns essential :j
to the materiel. ^1'he bill did not infringe on the ;|
rights of the department; and the depaitmcnt had !
no objection to its passage, as a lcttei which ho ' j
compamed the bill shows. Us passage would <j
enable us at once to appoint engineers.
Mr. G-. DAVIS suggested that, without inter- '•
fering with the position of the bill on the calendar, j!
he would ask that it be informally passed over, !j
and that itbe printed; but, I!
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN, the bill was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and was ordered to be printed.
Mr. McCONNELL made an ineffectual motion
to suspend the rules, to enable him to introduce a
resolution, which was read for information, pro-
viding for the appointment of two boys as pages.
The resolution (of which the reporter has not a
copy) was not received—the House having refused
to suspend the rules.
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS moved a suspension
of the rules, for the purpose of receiving such pe-
titions and resolutions as might not give rise to
debate.
Mr. COLLAMER suggested to Mr. Adams so
to modify his motion as that the States should be
called in their order.
The SPEAKER suggested that Monday next
would, in the regular order of business, be petition
day.
Whereupon Mr. ADAMS waived his motion.
CLAIMS OF VIRGINIA. :
Mr. DROMGOOLE, m pursuance of notice ■
heretofore given, introduced a bill amendatory of j
the act to provide for liquidating and paying certain
claims of the State of Virginia, approved July 5, \
1832 : read twice, and referred to the Committee '
of the Whole on the state of the Union. j
And, on motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE? the re- >
at ^ie ^ssion, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, was ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER now stated that he understood
from the Clerk that a resolution, offered immedi-
ately before the adjournment of the House last
evening, had been received. That resolution, there-
fore, would now be the first business in order.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Mesolved, I hat the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform this House what amount of
money is now in the Treasury of the Uniied States;
where the same is deposited, specifying the respec-
tive amounts in cach depository, and also what se-
curity, if any, the Government has for the safe-
i keeping ol the public moneys, specifying the na-
, ture and amount ol such security given by each
j depository, and giving, also, his opinion as to the
j suiliciency of such security.
| riie SPEAKER said that this resolution, being
j a call for information  must, by the rule, he over
[ one day, except by unanimous consent or a sus-
; pension of the rule.
| The resolution lies over.
| A MARITIME MILITIA.
; Mr. Mcdowell rose and said that he desired
j to otter a resolution of instruction, which was of
I some importance. It would occupy but a moment,
and he hoped that 110 objection would be made to
its reception.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to obtain, thiough the agency of the
Secretary of the Treasury, or otherwise, state-
ments from the scvei&l collectors of the customs in
the United Unites, of the steam and other vessels
enrolled and leistered in the respective districts,
whether employed in the fisheries or 011 the lakes,
coastwise or foreign navigation, which may be of
the burden of two linudreU tons and upwarus; giv-
ing, in such statement, the ago and present condi-
tion of each vessel; her buiuen; hei gcneial con-
duction, both for strength and sailing; the trade
she is employed m; whether in pun, or the usual
tnnu of her return to poit; the estimated value of
s tch \ fssel; the name of Jut owner or owners, and j
commanders, and the number of her crew, j
That the said committee be further instructed to !
inquire into the expediency, practicability, and |
best mode of tendering available to the Govern- j
ment, ni the c\ent of any exigency or necessity,
the use of ail such vessels as may be suitable to
its purposes, mid the employment of the same, of
their existing oilieers and ciews, either upon the
principle of a maritime militia for the United
States, or otherwise providing for the purchase of
such of said vessels as they may at any time de-
sire to take into their service, or for suitable com-
pensation to the owners during the period of such
sei vice, and lor granting such commissions to their
commanders and other oilieers, and such pay to
thein and their crews, as would be suitable and
proper-—having regard to the sise of such vessels,
according to the rules and practice now in force in
the navy.
That the said committee be further instructed,
upon receiving such statements or reports, anu
classifying the different vessels according to their
size and qualities, whether for defence on the lakes
or the coast, or for service in fleets, or singly on the
ocean, to inquire into the most effective description
of armament for such vessels, and whether such
as may be deemed most suitable and proper be
now on hand and in a state of readiness for such
purpose; and report to this House at as early a
day as practicable the result of such inquiry.
Mr. I. ETIOLMES suggested a change of phra-
seology. The resolution spoke of a maritime mili-
tia. He (Mr. H.) thought that the word " militia"
was derived from the word miles, a fool soldier,
lie could not, therefore, conceive how there should
be a maritime militia,
Mr. McDOWELL said, if the gentleman could
suggest a better phrase, he (Mr. McD.) was wil-
ling to adopt it.
The resolution, by general consent, was adopted.
OREGON.
Mr. IIAMLIN moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, [which is a privileged motion.]
A QUESTION OF P&IVILEGE.
Mr. HUDSON rose and asked leave to make a
personal explanation. _ _
And die leave having been given,
Mr. HUDSON said he desired to call the atten-
tion of the House to an article in the " Union" of
Thursday evening. It would be recollected that a
few days ago a resolution was introduced by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr, Robert Smitu,] in.
relation to certain maps of the Territory of Oregon,
and that he (Mr. H.) took the liberty at that time
to call the attention of the House to the delay
which would probably be occasioned by the en-
graving, if, as was proposed, the maps should be
attached to the President's Message. He had also
presented on amendment to the resolution, calling
upon the Clerk to inform the House why there was
delay in the printing of the Message and accompa-
nying documents, and also the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. He had stated, as he felt
bound to do, having presented the amendment,
that there had been, as he understood the matter, an
unusual delay in the delivery of these documents.
Lie had imputed no bad motives to the public
printers. He thought there had been delay, and
lie had asked for information as to the cause of
that delay. He had stated, also, that he believed
that heretofore these documents had been delivered
at an earlier period; and that was another reason
why he wished an inquiry into the cause. He had
also stated that a fact had come to his knowledge,
(and which had not been denied in the article to
which he referred,) that the public printers, for
some three or four weeks probably after the period
of their election, had not given the necessary bonds
for the discharge of their duty. But he had im-
puted nothing—no bad motives.
Mr. McCONNELL lose to order.
Mr, HUDSON (not being arrested by the Speak-
er) proceeded. Pie had simply stated these facts
a<3 he believed them to exist.
Air. McCONNELL said he called the gentle-
man to order.
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman would state
his point of order.
Mr. McCONNELL was understood to say
(though the reporter, catching only one word in
three, owing to the position of Mr. McC., rather
conjectures thnn knows,) that the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hudson] could not tell whe-
ther the public printers had, or had not, given
bonds. Ho (Mr. McC.) asserted that they had
given the bonds.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair thought that
the gentleman from Massachusetts was proceeding
111 order.
Al'ter a remark by Mr. McCONNELL,
Mi. HUDSON continued. I stated what I be-
lieved to be a fact. I received my information
from one of the officers of' the House; and the
public printers themselves have not denied that, at
the time I spoke of, they had not executed their
bonds.
For making these remarks, which I thought I
had a right to make, and which I felt it my duty
to make m order to support the amendment which
I had presented, and not for the purpose of attack-
nig the public printers, or casting imputation upon
them—for making- these remarks the article to
which I allude, and which I will ask may be read
by the Clerk, has been published.
[The article from the " Union" of the day re-
ferred to, over the signature of Major Heiss, was
here read by the Clerk.]
Mr. H. proceeded. It will be seen by this ar-
ticle that I am charged with exercising a narrow,
uncandid, illiberal spirit habitually; and that it is
also charged that, in this case, as in many others,
my statements are not founded in truth. The
other rhetorical flourishes of the articlc I will let
pass.
With regard to the candor I have manifested
here and elsewhere, I have nothing to say. Those
who have acted with me are competent to judge.
But m relation to the " falsehood" in this case, I
have a word to say. I stated in substance, and,
of course, in round numbers, that the Message and
accompanying documents had generally been
hveied within a fortnight of the commencement of
the session--—meaning, of course, within a fortnight
from the time of their delivery to the printer. I
imd, on inquiry into this subject, (although we
have 110 exact means, so far as I can ascertain, of
determining the precise day on which these docu-
ments have usually been sent up here reaching
back beyond last year,) but it seems that the Presi-
dent's Message last year was delivered to the printer
