180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
forced upon us, the American people were not able j j offer will never again be made, and, situated as we
to sustain it with vigor, and come out of it with t; now are, the country will never sustain any Exec-
honor. j; utive in making it. No embarrassment can be
It the question is to he considered as a local j | thrown in our way to prevent us from holding our
question, then I ask that we may be the judges of ,j claim to the whole country up to 54° 40% unless
the course that is to be pursued. That is what we. the British Government should disown the act of
did when the South came here and asked us, not to
defend their own soil, but to admit into the Union
a foreign territory—an independent nation. If,
upon that question, we had hesitated, it would \
have been said thatwe wished to back out. If we t
had asked for a postponement of it, it would have j
been considered that we had abandoned it. You •
said, this is the golden moment. We can now j
obtain the country which naturally belongs to us.
If you do not follow us now, then it is because
you wish to back out. We have a just right to
their Minister in rejecting our offer, and propose
now to accept it. This, I think, that Government
will not do; and, if not, we shall at length find our-
selves clear of the shackles of negotiation, and free
to exercise our full rights.
But, at all events, the President has now recom-
mended that we give this notice. Suppose we do
not do it: will it not be an intimation to the Brit-
ish Go\ crnment that Congress does sot concur with
the President in his views as to the validity of our
title? And wilt it not eouvcya mor*1 humiliating no-
Oregon, as a part of our own country. Then why ; knowledgment, (hat wo did not feel ourselves able
give it up ? You say that we cannot obtain it now to vindicate our title ? Great Britain was now in
without a war, and thatwe must wait. What pro- m the possession of all the right that she claimed—
priety is there in postponing this question, when ' that of joint occupancy; and, until this notice was
the other was pressed to so speedy an issue ? I live ;j given, she would never settle the question by nego-
in acountry where the people are not in the habit !< tiation, because negotiation would not probably so
of yielding anything to the arrogance of a foreign i terminate ns to place her in a better condition. It
Power. Sir, 1 do not know exactly what is meant " is my opinion that, if you will end this convention,
by national honor, of which gentlemen have been the question w ill then be brought up with an inten-
speaking; but I do know what is a national dis- j1 tion to do something with if. but until then, ne-
honor, and it is to suffer the British Government gotiation will be all twaddle. The gentleman from
to take Oregon, after we have become satisfied that youth Carolina [Mr. Biiktt] had argued against
we have exclusive rights in that territory. We. ; this policy of taking anv steps, at this time, which
say that Great Britain has no right there, and why j might lead to a wnr with Groat Britain, lest we
should we not now tell her so by giving this ij should be considered by the tuitions of Europe as
notice? || propagandists, and thus bring upon ourselves the
I sec no propriety (said Mr. K.) in taking Ore- j; hostility of all the woild. But we have no desire
g-on by stealth. If it is our own, why steal it? But to go beyond our own territories. Wo confine our-
selves to our own soil; and omrht we not to incul-
cate our principles and establish our institutions
there, fearless of consequences? It was our duty
to see our own country covered with our own in-
stitutions; and it was our privilege to admit other
communities to a participation with us m the ben-
efits of free government, regardless of any combi-
nations that might be formed by monarcha to stran-
gle our institutions.
We have no right to go to Canada and endeavor
to force her into our Union; but if she should seek
the policy recommended to us is to be quiescent—
to suffer the country lobe settled, and then take
possession of it. This is what was called " a wise
and masterly inactivity." I prefer a more open
and direct course. I know the people of Oregon.
The same blood courses through my veins that is
in theirs. There are some of them who have
warmed their feet at the same family hearth with
mine, and learned their letters in the same log
school-house. They do not ask you to defend
them, but to unshackle their arms and untie their
legs. Disentangle them from the perplexities of ;| shelter under our Government, it would be per-
this negotiation—of this convention which gives
rights there to British subjects. Let them protect
themselves, or fall in the conflict, in such a con-
flict, sir, victory will be certain, as we are assured
by the deeds of their fathers who went before them
ill the defencc of the frontier. These were the peo-
ple who went before you, like the cloud by day,
and the pillar of fue by night, rolling back the red
men of the woods to give passage to civilization,
as the waters of the, lied sea were rolled back by
the Great Jehovah, to give passage to the children
of Israel. These men had been accused of a de-
sire to plunge the country into a war. They did
not desire war; till they asked was an opportunity
to cultivate their own soil in jicacfi. They asked
to be let alone to enjoy their rights. But if their
rights were invaded, they would be the last people
in the world to shrink from their defence. They
scorn all pretences. They know little of your di-
plomatic way of doing things. If you will only
untie their hands, they will let proud England
know that tliey are able to defend Oregon. But
they will not take possession of a territory with the
forms and pretence of peace, with a view to for-
tify themselves for war. They had read carefully
everything that had been written on the subject of
the title. Some of them, who were not very good
scholars, have had these documents read to them
fectly proper for us to pull up the latch and let her
in. So fnr from being weakened by those acqui-
sitions, every new State added another pillar to
the temple of liberty. They will never have any
desire to break off from us, because they come in
by their own eonMmt. The Roman empire ex-
tended itself by conquest ; nations were forced
under its yoke by the strong arm of power. The
consequence was, that what was acquired by the
sword must be maintained by the sword. When
this power could not be continued, the empire, fell
to pieces. Hence some gentlemen had drawn the
argument, that by nn extension of territory, we
should ultimately bo weakened, and be broken into
fragments. But this would not. be the result, be-
cause, whilst their constant tendency was to sepa-
ration, ours was to cohesion.
Gentlemen had artcued that war would beat-
tended with srreat evils; that it would corrupt or
| change our republican institutions, and lead to a
| heavy debt, the black tariff, and to paper money.
; Sir, I am considered a Democrat dyed in the
'wool, jt has been thought, generally, that I am
| one hundred and fifty yards ahead of my party.
! f have always opposed the protective tariff, and
- the whole funding system. But if going to war
1 for the protection of our soil and the dcfcnce of
! our national rights and honor necessarily leads to
by their firesides. They had thus become well ac- ij the depression of fhe party with which I act, and
quainted with the subject. They were satisfied! the building up of those of an opposite faith, I am
thnt Oregon belonged to us, and it was no longer a |j prepared to make the sacrifice—believing, as I do,
question with them whether you should give this
notice. The question of title being settled, there
remains but one duty for us to perform (said Mr.
K.)—to pass this notice ending the joint occupa-
tion.
The Executive made a proposition to Great
Britain to compromise this question by dividing
the territory by the forty-nmth parallel. I am not
disposed to censure the Executive for having made
sucn a proposition, surrounded as he was with
embarrassments growing out of former negotia-
tions, and the position in which he found the ques-
tion when he came into power; but. I am free to
say, that I congratulate him, not only for his own
sake, but that of the country, that his offer was
rejected. Yet I venture to predict, that such an
that, under tho administration of an y party, our in-
; stitntions would flourish, each party being equally
! desirous to promote the public good. But 1 deny
i that these results will follow from a war. I deny
! that the doctrines of republicanism cannot flourish
1 in the storm of war, as well as in the calm of
; peace. The assertion we disprove by facts in our
history. Every field in the western country had
1 been stained by the blood of our fathers, the early
pioneers; and yet there liberty had flourished in
the wildest luxuriance, and with the least national
protection. Our inshtutionswereborn in the shock
of the American Revolution, and reared in the con-
flict of arms that followed. I do not desire war;
• peace is our forte. But if war come, we must as-
] sort our rights, regardless of consequences. I do
not desire to denounce the British Government;
but I despise this constant vaunting of British
power in the American Congress. What is Eng-
land ? The government whose seat of empire is
found on a little island anchored in the North sea.
True, she has spread her wings around the earth;
but all her greatness is based on her commerce.
Clip the wings of her commerce, and you soon
bring her back to the insignificance of an island
Government, If destiny intends that this nation
shall be the means of overthrowing her power, X
am glad to belong to the nation that will be the in-
strument, and to live in the age that will witness
the curtailment of her haughty power. This was
not a war measure. There would be no war, unless
England made it. If her destiny should urge her
to that course, it might be the first ste^ towards
her downfall. Some gentlemen have scoffed at des-
tiny, as governing the fate of nations. Sir, where
we're we two centuries ago? We were a feeble
band of pilgrims on Plymouth rock, and a small
body of cavaliers on the southern sands. From
this'small beginning, and in this short time, we
have gone on, step by step, multiplying and ad-
vancing towards the Pacific, till the abonginees of
the country had disappeared before us, like the
mists of morning before the sun, until they now
rest a small cloud on the shores of the Western
ocean. Was not the hand of destiny seen in that?
He who did not see it must be an infidel, or stone-
blind. To the Pacific ocean it is our destiny to go.
The hand of Providence pointed us onward.
Shall we pause in our career, or retrace our step?*
becauac the British hon has choscn to place himself
in our path ? Had our blood already become so
pale thatwe should tremble at the roar of the king
of beasts? We will not ^o out of our way to seek
a conflict with him; but it he crosses our path, and
refuses to move at a peaceful command, he will run
his nose in the talons of the American eagle, and
his blood will spout as from a harpooned whale. If
Great Britain was mad enough to attempt this con-
flict—and it was said that ** whom the gods intend
to destroy they first demented"—let her commence
the contest. The spectators who look on upon the
struggle may prepare to hear a crash, as if the very
ribs of nature had broke.
Our people arc spreading out with the aid of the
American multiplication table. Go to the West
and see a young man with his mate of eighteen;
after the lapse ot thirty years, visit him again, and
instead of two, you will find twenty-two. That is
what 1 call the American multiplication table. We
are now twenty millions strong; and how long, un-
der this procese of multiplication, will it take to
cover the continent with our posterity, from the
Isthmus of Darien to Behring's- straits ? The great-
er portion of this vast multitude always had their
faces set towards the West. Westward, ho ! was
their cry. You could no more arrest their progress
than you can close up the Missouri while the snows
are melting on the mountains in which it has its
rise.
Where shall we find room for all our people, un-
less we have Oregon? What shall we do with all
those little white-headed boys and girls—God bless
them!—that cover the Mississippi valley, as the
flowers cover the western prairies? Their inter-
ests all lead them that way. It was true, as the
gentleman from South Carolina had said, that
there might be danger in a combination of Eu-
ropean powers against us. They may feel dis-
posed to combine in an unholy alliance to check
the growth of free institutions. If there is any dan-
ger at all, it is from that cause; and Oregon may be
put forward as the pretext for commencing an
onset upon us. Our revolutionary fathers planted
the tree of liberty in American soil, and watered it
with their blood. They had linked these States
together in a confederated system, to protect them
from danger from without. The representatives of
legitimacy looked on upon this experiment with
great concern, and not a little fear of its ultimate
consequences. For a long time they flattered them-
sel ves that it would prove a failure—hoping that a
spirit of rivalry might grow up between the North
and the South, and the East and the West, that
might destroy the Union. But within the last fen
or fifteen years, they have become satisfied that our
institutions were as firm as the granite hills. Hav-
ing become satisfied of the firmness and stability of
our system, they were again startled by the exhi-
bition of our principle of expansion, as shown in
the admission of a free and independent nation into
