1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
the circle of the Union. This was with the Eu-
ropean Governments the passage of the Rubicon.
That was the beginning of a movement the end of
which will be to place under the protection of the
American eagle that vast American continent which
stretches from Cape Horn to Behring's Straits. If
the representatives of legitimacy in the Old World,
for the purpose of preventing the consummation of
this our inevitable destiny, choose to put themselves
in battle array against us, either singly or collec-
tively, let them do so, and upon their heads be the
consequences. This nation and this generation
will neither seek nor avoid such a contest; but if it
monies, thecrisis would, as in the events of our Rev-
olution and of the French Revolution, raise up a host
of men who were equal to it, and able to carry us
through it in safety. Why is it that, after all, we
should so dread the shock of war? We all have
to die, whether in our beds or in the battle-field.
Who of you all, when roused by the clangor of
Gabriel's trump, would not rather appear in all the
bloom of youth, bearing upon your front the scar
of the death-wound, received in the defence of your
country's rights, than with the wrinkled front of
dishonored age ?
Where I live, (said Mr. K.) this is no party
question. There is no difference between Whigs
and Democrats on this subject. In a question in-
volving national rights, we know no party dif-
ferences. The gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Yancey] had suggested that, if we went into this
struggle, it would result in our taking possession
of Canada, and in leaving Oregon in the hands of
Great Britain. The gentleman seemed to suppose
that we of the West would demur to any result
which would add to the power and arrogance of
New England. Not so, sir.
If a patch of territory should be added to New
England, let her have it. Should the West sock
to enlarge and extend her field, lot. her do so.
Should the South choose to take in Cuba, lot her
follow on. I do not go for the aggrandizement of
any particular geographical section, and I fear not
the preponderating influence of any particular sec-
tion; for we are one country, and one people, and
have one interest, and one destiny, which, it* we
live up to, though it may not force us to follow the
.British lion around the world in blood and slaver,
will end in her expulsion from this continent, which
he rests not upon but to pollute.
Our first conflict with Great Britain was in the
war of the Revolution, which ended in tearing from
the British crown thirteen of its superb jewels—
wringing from her stubborn heart the acknowledg-
ment'that these colonies were, and of right ought
to be, free and independent. The second was the
war of 1812, which has been called the second war
of American independence, in the course of which
we humbled the pride of her navy, and ended in a
blaze of glory in the plains of New Orleans, where
thousands of her bravest troops were made to bite
the dust in conflict with the raw militia of the Mis-
sissippi valley. The third and last conflict is not
yet. But no man can doubt that it is to come.
When the history of that war is written it will re-
cord the downfall of the British empire. Fall she
must, and fall she will, as sure as Adam fell.
Against the people of England I have no feeling;
on the contrary, I love them for their aspirations
after liberty; and I only reproach them that they
do not arouse and turn into the storehouse of ages
the lumber of their principles of legitimacy. But
the British Government is a different thing. It was
the greatest Government on earth: for it had some
pretence to liberty, but nothing of its substance.
Cannibal-like, it fed one part of its subjects upon
the other. She drinks the blood and sweat, and
tears the sinews of its laboring millions, to fatten a
miserable aristocracy. England is now seen stand-
ing in the twilight of her glory: but a sharp vision
may see written upon her walls the warning that
Daniel interpreted for the Babylonish king, " Mcne,
men-p* tekel, upharsm,r>
England's greatness rests upon her commerce.
She has three hundred millions tons of shipping.
We already have two hundred millions, and are
gathering upon her with the strides of a swift cours-
er. When we pass her, her downfall, by peace-
able means, will be rapid and sudden. Oregon
was, therefore, all-important to us in a commercial
point of view. It is the inch of ground upon which
we can plant a fulcrum, giving us a lever that will
overturn the world. It will give us a cluster of
manufacturing and navigating States on the Paci-
fic, united to the New England States on the At-
lantic. Then the inhabitants of the Mississippi
valley—who have in their possession the garden
of the world and the granary of the universe—will
stretch one hand to the Eastern world through the
Pacific chain, and the other to Europe through the
Atlantic chain, grasping the trade of the world, as
we now hold in possession the means of subsist-
ence for the whole human family.
ft is grateful to my feelings to find, from indica-
tions that have appeared, that this question will
not be a party question. Old and venerable men
of the Whig party have spoken, and will vote,
with us; and for the reason that they feel it their
duty to do so; whilst equally respectable members
of the Democratic party have spoken, and will vote,
against us, for the reason that duty seemed to them
to point that way. So I would have it, that the
world may know that this is not a question of party
in America, but an American question. I have
attempted to show (concluded Mr. K.) that duty
calls, and interest points, to the assertion of our
rights to all of Oregon. I cannot doubt that the
American Congress will respond affirmatively.
This is the war feehng, and the only war feel-
ing, in the West. If war does come, let those
who provoke it abide its consequences.
Mr. K. having concluded,
Mr. TOOMBS obtained the floor, but yielded
to a motion that the committee rise; which prevail-
ing,
The committee rose, and reported.
The SPEAKER laid before the House sundry
communications, viz:
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting the annual statement of the contingent ex-
penses of the otliee of the Seeieiary of tin; Navy
and of the bureaus of tliat department; which let-
ter and statement were laid upon the table.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in compliance with the acts of April 20, J818,
and August 2(i, 1842, a report of the names of
clerks and other persons employed in his depart-
ment during the year 1845; which letter and state-
ment were laid upon the table.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 12, 1846.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM DEPARTMENTS.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a com-
munication from the Department of War, exhibit-
ing the expenditures made from the appropriation
for the contingent expenses of the military estab-
lishment for the year 1845; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be punted.
Also, a communication from the same depart-
ment, showing the names of the clerks and other
persons, other than officers of the army, employed
in the War Department and its branches during
the year 1845; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Also, the memorial of Joshua Dodge, for further
compensation for services and expenses as special
agent of the United States to negotiate with certain
European Governments for a modification of the
duties imposed by them on tobacco, and for attend-
ance on, and information forwarded to, the select
committee of the House of Representatives of the
1st, session of the 26th Congress on the tobacco
trade; which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. WESTCOTT stated that the name of his
colleague [the Honorable David Levy] had been
allowed to be changed, by act of the Legislature
of Florida, to that of David Lew Yulee, the lat-
tei being his patronymic, dropped by his father
prior to the birth of Mr. Levy, and which patro-
nymic he was desirous of assuming. He pro-
duced the Journals of the Legislature showing the
passage of the act; and, in behalf of liis colleague,
lie would move that hereafter the Secretary of the
Senate, when he should have occasion to use the
name of that gentleman, would designate him as
Mr. Yulee.
The motion was agreed to.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the said House
had passed an act to continue the office of Com-
missioner of Pensions;
Also, an act for the relief of James Bogardus;
Also, a bill to legalize certain land sales made
atChocchuma and Columbus, in the State of Mis-
sissippi, and to indemnify the Chickasaws there-
for; in which they requested the concurrence of the
Senate, , ,
Also, announcing that the President of the Uni-
ted States had signed the joint resolution relative
to the printing and distribution of the annual esti-
mates. *
Also, that the Speaker of the House had signed
an enrolled hill to repeal the act to abolish the office
of one Inspector-General of the army, and £o revive
the same; to which the signature of the Vice Pre-
sident was requested.
PETITIONS.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a resolution by
the Legislature of Indiana, in favor of a law pro-
viding for the payment of the claims of the repre-
sentatives of Francis Vigo, for advances to the
troops under the command of General George M.
Clarke, in the Illinois campaign, in the years 1778
and 3779; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
TARIFF AND WAREHOUSE SYSTEM.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the proceedings of a
meeting of citizens of Georgetown, South Carolina,
in favor of repealing the tariff act of 3842, and of
establishing the warehouse system; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BREESE presented the petition of Joseph
Wilson, a purser in the navy, praying to be re-
leased from responsibility for public money depos-
ited in a banking institution which suspended
specie payment; which was refeired to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. B. also presented additional documents in
relation to the petition of Emeline Owens; which
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of Sylvia Wood
and others, executois of Jethro Wood, praying
for the renewal of a patent right for certain im-
provements in the plough; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. D. also presented the memorial of the widow
of General Alexander Hamilton, praying the pa-
tronage of Congress in the publication of the
papers of her late husband; which was ordered to
be printed and referred to the Joint Committee on
the Library.
Mr. DA VIS presented the petition of Angier M.
Perkins, a citizen of the United States, now resident
in London, who claims to be the inventor of an
improved method of warming public buildings,
asking the extension of his patent; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on ratents.
Mr. D. also presented the remonstrance of citi-
zens of Illinois, against the admission of Texas
into the Union as a slave State; which was laid on
the table.
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States.]
Mr. DICKINSON presented the remonstrance
of citizens of New York against the admission of
Texas into the Union; which was laid on the
table.
HARBOR OF NEW YORK.
Mr. D. also presented the memorial of Jonathan
Thompson and others, citizens of New York, pray-
ing the removal of obstructions in the harbor of
that city; which was referred to tire Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented documents in rela-
tion to the claim of Andrew Moore, a captain in
the late war with Great Britain, to a pension; which
were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TURNEY presented the petition ofE. A.
Sevier, widow of Alexander S. Sevier, deceased,
late an officer in the United States marine corps,
praying to be allowed arrears of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
NATIONAL ARMORY.
Mr. T. also gave notice that, at an early day, he
would, by leave of the Senate, introduce a bill to
establish a national armory at the Suck, on the
Tennessee river, in the State of Tennessee.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying the location of a
light-house on the Brandywine Shoals, in the Dela-
ware river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a joint resolution of
