1840.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
serving of more deliberation than could be given to
it before the period named. Besides, there was
another reason which would be admitted as soon
as he should name it. It is this: the propriety
and expediency of deferring the consideration of
the question until we have the Senators from Texas
admitted amongst us. This question is of vast
importance. If it be in fact, as it has been repre-
sented, a question of peace or of war, it certainly
is one on which the Senators from the new State
have a right to be heard—in the decision of which
they have a right to have their votes- recorded.
If war is dependent on the favorable action of Con-
gress on this motion—I do not now express any
opinion on that matter—the Senators from the new
State are more deeply interested than any others
in this body—as mucn so, at any rate. I can see
no reason why the discussion should be pressed—
why the decision of the question should be pressed.
If it be pressed before reasonable opportunity were
afforded for full deliberation, my vote may be en-
tirely different from what it might be if the ques-
tion be postponed till after what I conceive a rea-
sonable time had been permitted to elapse; until
the people from any section of the Union—from
the remotest sections—from that section which I
have the honor partly to represent—from the ex-
treme South, have had adequate time in which to
communicate to their representatives in this and
the other House of Congress the result of their
reflection. With the acquiescence of the Senator
from North Carolina, I would then name the 10th
of February as the date of the postponement.
Mr. MANGUM called for the yeas and nays
on the question ; they were ordered, and the ques-
tion on the adoption of Mr. Haywood's motion,
as modified by Mr. Westcott, was about to be
put; when—
Mr. CALHOUN rose and said, that as regarded
himself personally, it was a matter of entire indif-
ference to what day the question should be post-
poned. If any Senator desired to delay the con-
sideration of this or any other grave question for
the purpose of deliberation or any other cause, he
would he unwilling to make any opposition. But
in voting for the most distant day, as he now
should, lie desired it to be understood that iie was
influenced solely by a desire to accommodate other
Senators round him.
Mr. ARCHER. I shall vote for the postpone-
ment, bccause, in my opinion, the more this ques-
tion remains under the control and discretion of
Congress, the better for the country. If we pre-
cipitate the discussion and decision of this ques-
tion, pray what good object do we accomplish?
After we have decided tlic question, news might
be wafted to us from the other side of the Atlantic,
showing how inconsiderate had been our action.
I confess very frankly that, in my judgment, the
subject should be kept under our control till very
near the close of the present Congress. Every
purpose which honorable Senators m favor of the
notice have in view would be just as effectually
served, by giving the notice at the close, as if given
at an earlier period. For these reasons, although
•compelled (o assent in the Committee on Foreign
Relations to the naming; of an early day, I shall
vote for the postponement moved by the Senator
from Florida.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. WESTCOTT, to postpone the further con-
sideration of the question until the 10th day of Feb-
ruary next, and decided in the affirmative, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Benton, Ber-
rien, Calhoun, Chalmers, T. Clayton, J. M. Clay-
ton, Colquitt, Corwin, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton,
Evans, G-reene, Haywood, Jarnagin, Johnson of
Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis, McDuf-
iie, Atangum, Miller, Pearce, Pennybacker, Phelps,
Speight, Upham, Webster, Westcott, Woodbndge,
and Yulee—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Ath-
erton, Bright, Breese, Cameron, Cass, Dickinson,
Dix, Fairfield, Hannegan, Jenness, Niles, Semple,
Sevier, Sturgeon, and Turney—18.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to take up the fol-
lowing resolutions, submitted by him .several days i
since; which motion was agreed to: j
Resolved, That the country included within the
parallels of 42° and 54° 40' north latitude, and ex-
tending from the Rocky mountains to the Pacific
ocean, known as the Territory of Oregon, is the pro-
perty, and part and parcel of"the United States.
Resolved, That there exists no power in this
Government to transfer its soil, and the allegiance
of its citizens, to the dominion, authority, control,
and subjection of any foreign prince, state, or sov-
ereignty.
Resolved, That the abandonment or surrender of
any portion of the Territory of Oregon, would be
an abandonment of the honor, the character, and
the best interests of the American people.
Mr. H. moved that the above resolutions be made
the special order for the 10th of February next;
which motion was adopted.
Mr. ATHERTON presented the following reso-
lution ; which was agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Financc be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so far
amending the seventh section of the "Act making
' appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
i pcnscs of Government for the fiscal year ending
' the 30th day of June, 1845, and for other pur-
4 poses," approved June 17, 1844, as to permit the
appointment of such officers as may be necessary
to protect the revenue on the northern and lake
frontier.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The "Act for the relief of David F. Williamson,
of Pope county, Arkansas," was taken up, read
a third time, and passed.
The act entitled "An act to legalize certain land
' sales made at Chocchuma and Columbus, in the
' State of Mississippi, and to indemnify the Chick-
4 asaws therefor," was road a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
The act to repeal the aet abolishing the office of
one Inspector-General of the army, and to revive
and establish said office, was token up.
The bill to apply certain alternate sections of the
public lands to the completion of internal improve-
ments in the State of Michigan, was taken up and
considered as in committee of the whole ; when
Mr. SPEIGHT moved that the said bill be made
the speeial order for Thursday next; which motion
was ngreed to.
CLAIMS OF NEW HAMPSHIRE.
The "Bill for the settlement of the claims of
* the State of New Hampshire against the United
* States," was taken up, and considered as in com-
mittee of the whole; when
Mr. PHELPS said that the claim involved in
this bill was of no great amount; but, in his judg-
ment, it involved a principle of great importance,
and he was not willing that a precedent should be
set without calling the attention of the Senate to
the subject. It involved the inquiry, how far the
duty of the Government was to be construed as
requiring it to defray the expenses incurred by a
State Government in enforcing its own authority
within its own jurisdiction. He had had occasion
heretofore to refer to this subject. He was not
aware that the Canadian Government, had ever at-
tempted to cxcreisc jurisdiction over the section of
land heretofore in controversy between Great Brit-
ain and this country. The settlement of the dis-
trict commenced under these circumstances: It
was well known that a class of people on the fron-
tier settled there, because they believed they would
be out of and beyond the reach of criminal juris-
diction; in process of time they setup for them-
selves, defying the Government of New Hamp-
shire, and that of the United States, and the Gov-
ernment of Canada, placing themselves in this
position: whenever an attempt was made to en-
force the authority of New Hampshire, they be~
longed to Canada; and whenever an attempt was
made to enforce the authority of Canada, they
belonged to the United States territory. In this
state of things, an application was made to the
President of the United States for the interference
of the General Government to put down this op-
position to the authority of the State of New
Hampshire. On an investigation of the subject,
an answer was returned that the President saw no
reason for interference on the part of the General
Government, and of course he declined acting in
the premises. The next step was, the State of
New Hampshire ordered out a military force to
suppress opposition to its Government, which was
done. He was not aware that any opposition had
been made by the Government of Canada to the
claims of New Hampshire. And for the expenses
thus incurred, the biil now before them provided,
The question, therefore, was, whether this Gov-
ernment will assume the payment of expenses in-
curred by a State in enforcing its own authority
within its acknowledged jurisdiction. It seems
that, on one occasion, an officer, acting under the
authority of New Hampshire, as sheriff, in endea-
voring to serve a process within the territory, was
seized and carried into Canada. On information
being given, the people of that State rallied, pur-
sued the aggressors into that province, and effect-
ed a rescue of the prisoner. This act was com-
plained of by the Governor of Canada as an un-
warrantable exercise of authority on the part of
New Hampshire. It turned out, from an exami-
nation of documents, that the sheriff had a ficti-
tious warrant for the arrest, not authorized by a
magistrate; it was merely a fiction, for the purpose
of enforcing the authority of New Hampshire.
As to the amount in the bill for the whole expenses,
it did not exceed six or seven thousand dollars,
but it involved a question worthy the attention of
the Senate. He was not exactly prepared to vote
on this measure. Those internal disturbances were
becoming frequent, and, for what he knew, the
people of Rhode Island may present a claim against
the Government for suppressing their internal dis-
turbances. If it was proper for Congress to assume
these expenses, let them be paid; but, before they
were, it should be ascertained how far legislation
should extend.
Mr. SPEIGHT inquired in what shape this
subject had been brought before the Senate.
Mr. ATHERTON replied that, in 1837, the
Committee on Foreign Relations in the House,
i after a full investigation of the subject, (of which
i Mr. Howard, of Maryland, now the reporter of
• the Supreme Court, was the chairman,) made a
I full report in favor of the claim. This subject was
! also brought to the consideration of the Senate
I during the"twcnty-sixth Congress, and a bill passed,
! after full explanation. The present bill was intro-
duced by him [Mr. Atherton] this session, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
With a knowledge that a report had been made in
the House of Representatives, and seeing the doc-
uments on the files of the Senate, it was not thought
necessary by the committee to make a written re-
port on the subject. Pic would merely remark
that it did not seem to him the Senator from Ver-
mont stated the question correctly, when he said
the bill involved the principle whether a State
should be allowed for expenses incurred in sus-
taining its jurisdiction within its acknowledged
limits. Now the fact was, which was proven be-
yond all dispute by documents, that the juris-
diction of the State over the territory was not
acknowledged by the Canadian Government; and
further, the report' in the House of Representa-
tives, and documents, show most conclusively that
the condition in which New Hampshire was then
placed, was caused by the action of the Federal
Government in submitting the question of the north-
eastern boundary to the arbitration of the King; of
the Netherlands. And what was that decision?
It was a decision taking the territory from New
Hampshire and the United States. The line run
by that king deprived us of from ten to fifteen
miles square of territory, amounting to about a
hundred thousand acres. It was a valuable terri-
tory, containing tillable soil well adapted for farms.
There were many substantial farmers residing
thereon. The population at the time was from
four to five hundred persons. The King of the
Netherlands run the line between this country and
the Canadian provinces in such a way as to de-
prive New Hampshire of this territory, over which
she had always exercised jurisdiction since 1790.
fn 1835, one of the officers of the State of New
Hampshire was arrested. And what could she
do? He knew—and thanked the Senator for re-
minding him of the circumstance—he knew that
the State of New Hampshire did apply to the
United States Government to sustain the jurisdic-
tion of the State against the Canadian authorities:
Senators were aware that, at that time, there was
a great aversion to interfere with the Canadian dis-
putes, as it was apprehended that we might thus
become involved in a general war. And when the
General Government did refuse, the State had to
sustain its own jurisdiction; as she could not allow
her citizens to be carried into Canada. It saved
bloodshed; for if the inhabitants had gone on to
erect a government of their own, there would have
been a serious encounter. New Hampshire sent
