184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
troops to maintain her jurisdiction. The measure
led to an examination by the Legislature of New
Hampshire, who appointed a commissioner to
proceed to the spot and report as to the claim of
Great Britain, and they ascertained that the award
of the King of the Netherlands was founded in an
entire misapprehension. In the winter of 1835-
'36, the State found it necessary to send an armed
force to sustain her jurisdiction. And what was
the result? Did it show that the Senator from
Vermont was correct in the views he advanced,
that the claim was for services within the ac-
knowledged limits of the State? No; the Cana-
dian authorities filed complaints against New
Hampshire for undertaking to exercise jurisdiction
in that territory by a strong anned force. How,
then, could the Senator say that this was a claim
on the General Government by New Hampshire
for exercising jurisdiction within her own limits?
It was forced on her by the question of disputed
boundary—with no reason in reality to dispute,
but which British authority claimed—thereby ac-
knowledging that New Hampshire was right in
sustaining jurisdiction. Mr. A. quoted from Lord
Gosford, governor of Canada, to show that that
gentleman complained of the military movement
of New Hampshire within the territory, and ho
asked whether States had to go forward and pro-
tect territory, and yet have no claim, when such a
dutv was forced on them by the action of the Gen-
eral Government ? It seemed to him that there
was the same reason for allowing this claim as
that of the State of Maine. The bills passed this
body at the same time; but New Hampshire had
not yet been satisfied. He believed that the bill
was just the same m principle, and he saw no rea-
son why it should not pass.
Mr. PHELPS arose and said he neither foil dis-
posed, nor thought it necessary, to prolong the dis-
cussion, but felt it to be his duty to say a few woids.
The distinction between the ease of Maine to which
the Senator from Nov/ Hampshire bad alluded, and
that then before them was this—that the State of
Maine was, in the course attributed to her, defend-
ing her territory fiom the unjust pretensions of u
foreign power, whilst that of New Hampshire, in
this case, was asserting its jurisdiction iigainst the
opposition of its own citizens. That was the im-
portant distinction to which he desired to call the
attention of the Senator. Now, here he miirht.be
permitted to remark that the bill before them had
teen framed on the strength of the report made to
the House of Representatives in 1831). That report
took substantially the same views as lie (Mr. P.)
had already expiesscd; but leeommcndcd a payment
of the claim of the State of New Hampshire, on the
ground that the award of the King of the Nethej-
louds interfered with New Hampshire in the exor-
cise of that jurisdiction, lie would lefer to the
same document alluded to by the Senator, to show
that the award of the King of the Netherlands had
been rejected by the Government of the United
States before the transactions in question took place,
and New Hampshire had been admitted to her oj i-
ginal rights and jurisdiction. It appeared from the
report to the other House, as well as that made to
the Legislature of New Hampshire, that down to
the period of the award, New Hampshire had ex-
ercised her jurisdiction over that territory. It ap-
peared further from the report, that the inhabitants
of that section availed themselves of the award of
the King of the Netherlands for their own purposes.
Now, upon the rejection of that aw ard, New Hamp-
shire asserted her jurisdiction, and maintained ii;
and he was not aware that any opposition took
place by the provincial authorities against it on that
occasion. The opposition, he repeated, came from
the inhabitants, not from foreigners; and that op-
position was based on the considerations he had
already stated. The matter, then, resolved itself
into the simple question of restoring the territory
and the inhabitants themselves to the jurisdiction
of the State.
The gentleman had adverted to the fact that per-
sons assuming to be officers of the Canadian Gov-
ernment had appeared there, acting under its sanc-
tion; but he thought the Senator would agree with
liim that those persons had never been authorized
by the Canadian authorities, but that they were
then engaged in a proceeding got up for the pur-
pose of carrying out their projects of opposition
against all jurisdiction, whether of New Hamp-
shire or Canada. It was stated in the report that
the opposition was got up by an individual who
assumed to be an officer of the Canadian Govern-
ment, and who attempted to exercise authority on
that ground. He was not disposed to prolong the
matter; but he wished—what it was iu the power
of the Senator to procurc—that all the documents
relating to the case shall be before them, including
those accompanying the report made to the House
of Representatives in 1839. He was not disposed
to take up the time of the Senate by any length-
ened argument, but merely to call the attention of
the gentleman to the simple question whether it
was the duly of Government to take upon itself the
decision of the matter. If so, it would be the duty
of Government, when other cases of the kind came
up, to pass upon them too,
Mr. ATHKRTON, in reply, observed that it
was his belief that the person who was tho mover
and principal instigator of the opposition had a
commission from the Go\ eminent of Lower Cana-
( da. He believed that to be a fact; but whether he
| had n commission or not, he assumed tho functions
of a magistrate, and, in so doing, assumed to act
| by authority of the Canadian Government, and
! claimed jurisdiction over the territory in question.
The gentleman had not icferred to the claims of
Lower Canada. He had passed over entirely the
papers filed in the oiiiee of the Secretary of btate,
containing charges made by direction of the Gov-
ernor of Canada against New Hampshire. These
charges, among others, were, that the. territory of
Canada had been imailed; that military forces
were stationed on it; and that the jurisdiction of
that State was extended over it. 'These charges
were delibeiately and solemnly made. How, then,
could it be said by the Senator that the British
authorities did not chum to exercise jurisdiction
there?
Mr. PHELPS replied that be would, if the Sen-
ator allowed him, advert to that, point. On refer-
ring to the report made to the Legislature of New
Hampshire on that subject, ffiom which he read an
extract,J lie found ti nsscited that New Hampshire
had claimed jurisdiction over that territory at the
period of the awaid of the King of the Netherlands;
i hat very soon after the rejection of the awai d, some
mischievous and reekhsn individual, such as are
too oftfound among a border population, started
up, claiming to be a magistrate of'Lower Canada,
and to exercise entire authority under that Gov-
ernment, to winch he pretended the territory be-
longed. This authoiity was exercised in different
ways—such as the issuing of warrants, and the
calling upon the inhabitants to assemble in a
school-house, for the purpose of resisting the Gov-
ernment of New Hampshire. Now, that was the
i only proof of an attempt, on the part of the Cana-
1 dian authorities, to exercise jurisdiction over that
tciritory.
' Mr. ATHKRTON said, in reply to the Senator
l from Vermont, that whether a commission really
I was or was not given by the Canadian Govern-
| mcnt to that individual, could not possibly m any
| way affect the question. Certain it was, that juria-
j diction was claimed by the Canadian authorities,
i for the difficulty under considciation could only
I have arisen from that fact. Put there was another
i fact to which the Senator had not referred—numc-
: ly, that an officer from Canada had come upon the
| territory, and had arrested an American citizen,
| who was in turn rescued by tho citizens of New
: Hampshire. Well, it was necessary for New
j Hampshire to provide a military guaid, in order to
j protect that person. Certainty they could not
; allow their citizens to be carried out of the State
, into Canada. It was their duty, and also the duty
| of the United States, to sustain the action of New
Hampshire. He would again say that, in refer-
ring to the documents bearing on the case, the
Senator [Mr. Piielps] had not noticed those which
clearly showed that the British authorities did
complain against the State of New Hampshire for
maintaining troops in, and effecting a military oc-
cupation of, that territory.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 move that the bill belaid
on the table; and on that question I ask the yeas
and nays.
Mr. DAVIS expressed a wish for time to ex-
amine the question before he could vote for or
against the bill. He found two respectable. Sen-
ators taking opposite grounds, and he could not
venture to give his judgment without more con-
sideration.
It was then suggested that the question be post-
; poned for the present.
Mr. MANGUM observed that he made his mo-
tion with a view to test the question.
Mr. ATHKRTON said he had not the slightest
objection to the Senatoi's naming a future day for
its' action on the bill, in order that It might be fully
understood.
Mr. MANGUM said he could only withdraw
his motion, having demanded the yeas and nays,
by the unanimous consent of the Senate. If such
was the sense of the Senate, he would withdraw it.
The motion to lay on the table being with-
drawn—
After a few words from Mr. ATHERTON, the
subject was postponed to this day week.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time had elapsed, (during which
several nominations were confirmed,) the doors
were rc-opcned, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
\ Monday, January 12, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday having been read—
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose and Inquired of the
Chair whether it appeared that the bill introduced
by him on Saturday, in relation to Virginia claims,
had been ordered to be printed ?
The Clerk stated (through the Chair) that the
printing had been ordered.
The SPEAKER announced that the regular
business would be the call of the States for peti-
tions.
THE NATIONAL DEFENCES.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH rose and said, that as
to-day was petition day, but as that order of busi-
ness would probably be set aside for the purpose
of resuming the discussion in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, he would ask
leave at this time to present certain papers in the
form of a memorial, connected with the defences
of the country.
The SPEAKER said that it could only be done
by general consent.
Mr. SMITH presumed, he said, that there
would be no objection.
But objections were made.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the States
in their order for
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
And they were presented by the following mem-
bers:
From Maine: Mr. DUNLAP.
From New Hampshire: Mr. NORRIS.
[Mr. NORRIS introduced resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of New Hampshire, re-
commending a modification of the post office law
so that newspapers may pass' through the mail, in
the State in which they arc printed, free of postage;
and instructing their Senators, and requesting their
Representatives, to use their influence to procure
such modification.]
From Massachusetts; Messrs. ROCKWELL,
ADAMS, ASI-IMUN, and ABBOTT.
TEXAS.
[Amongst a number of other petitions, Mr. AD-
AMS presented one from citizens of North Caro-
lina, praying that Texas might not be admitted
into the tJnion as a slave State.]
Mr. CULVER called for the reading of the pe-
tition.
And it was read. Tt is confined simply to the
prayer abovementioned.
Mr. GRAHAM called for the reading of the
signatures.
They were read, and afterwards examined criti-
cally by Mr. G. And, on his motion, the petition
was laid on the table.
MAIL TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. ADAMS, by way of episode, (he said,)
presented the petition of Charles Fletcher, request-
ing the establishment of a mail route to the Pacific:
referred, on motion of Mr. A., to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
From Rhode Island: Mr. ARNOLD.
OREGON.
Without proceeding further in the call of the
States, (a motion therefor having been submitted
by Mr. DANIEL, and agreed to,) the House again
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
