188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
pie who had e^one there proved this, and therefore
Mr. T. \vas for terminating the joint occupancy.
Mr. T. would inquire, before entering on the sec-
ond branch of this subject, how this question had
obtained such great magnitude since the last twelve
months. On this point he was not informed. He
believed an honorable gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Rhett] had' declared to the House that
he had voted for the Oregon bill of the last session,
notwithstanding it contained a provision for giving
the notice now proposed. The gentleman seemed
then to have considered the question as ofless con-
sequence. Provided the laws of the United States
could be extended over Oregon, and a territorial
government established there, the gentleman would
not stickle on this question of notice, but voted
the bill with the notice inserted in it; but now, a
question which then seemed to him of compara-
tively subordinate importance, had become the
question of questions, and, like Aaron's rod, had
swallowed up all the rest. Yet our rights and our
remedies remained precisely the same now as they
had been last year. We had made an effort to
settle our difficulties by a treaty; that effort had
failed. The President had informed the House
that there was no prospect that it could be hon-
orably and successfully renewed, and therefore Mr.
P. thought that it was time to terminate the con-
vention for joint occupancy.
"Whether our title stopped at the Columbia river,
or extended to 49° north, or reached up to 54° 40',
in either case Mr. T. was in favor of gjvmg notice.
But he was for doing it as proposed by the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Milliard;] he was for
authorizing the President to ^ive the notice to Great
Britain whenever in his opinion such notice should
be expedient. Such a mode of proceeding would
be no dishonorable avoidance of responsibility by
the House; it would give the President no more
responsibility than he had already assumed in re-
commending; the measure. It was no evasion of ;
the measure; but theie were btron^ reasons of a j
public nature why this mode of giving the notice j
was preferable to the other. j
Mr. 7\ had been amazed that gentlemen who '>
were in favor of the notice being given should ob-
ject to placing it in the President's hands, unless
they felt no confidence in the Administration. Mr.
T. would strengthen the President, not embarrass
him. The foreign relations of the country had, ,
by the Constitution, been committed to his hands,
and from his position he was the best judge as to
when and how the notice should be given. It was
conferring on him no extraordinary power; it was
merely carrying out a power with which the Con-
stitution had clothed him. In the case of the North-
eastern boundary such a power had been exercis-
ed, although there then had been no convention,
and yet war had not been the consequencc. When
oncc the notice was given, we should be unshack-
led, and we might, without dishonor, pursue any
course which appeared to us most expedient. Mr.
T. was not afraid of giving the President all the
power which the Constitution consigned to his
hands: he was not willing to condemn the Exe-
cutive in advance as incompetent to the duty im-
posed upon him; and, before God, he trusted that
the President would not give just cause of com-
plaint in the use of the power, should it be confer-
red. He did not beheve that in the ease of Texas
tho House had very clearly settled our rights m
the Southwest; he believed that a portion of what
we claimed on this side the Rio del Norte had been
in the actual occupany of our neighbors on the
other side. By refusing to confide this power of
giving notice to the President did not gentlemen
say virtually that it was a blessing that the joint
occupancy should continue? Pie believed that no
gentleman would admit that, and therefore he
would unshackle the President.
But what were the reasons in favor of giving
this notice? Instead of giving these, he might in-
deed content himself with asking for reasons why ;
it should not be given. The burden of proof was :
not on those who were in favor of its being termi-
nated, but on those who wished it continued, be-
cause the laws of every country in the world ought
of right to extend to the utmost limits of the coun-
try. Reasons which did not exist in 1824 did now
exist. Our people had gone into Oregon; they
were now there: they were American citizens, and
as such were entitled to the protection of the laws
of the United States.
The first reason Mr. T. would state was, that
he wanted to know where and what our country
was, how far it extended, and what was its boun-
dary? He wanted to know where to put the god
u"jl?us' u'hom something had been heard in
this debate. A gentleman had said that the Roman
god Terminus had no feet; if so, the American
god was very different ft-om him, for he had not
only feet, but legs, and very long ones; and, being
democratic, of course he acted tip to his character
in being a progressive god. [A laugh.] Now, a
locomotive deity of this kind might chance to set
his feet on some territory which would get us into
great trouble. Our people were constantly mov-
ing him forward, and causing him to take posses-
sion ot new soil. They hud now got him as far
as Oregon; they were settling fast in that territory,
and_ were justly entitled to tiie enjoyment and pro-
tection of our laws.
This influx of our citizens into the Territory of
Oregon, which Mr. T. employed as an argument
w)iy the notice should be given, had been urged
by gentlemen on the other side as the best of rea-
sons why it should not be given, because it would
of itself secure to us the possession of the country
without giving any notice. This was the turning
point in the case. Mr. T. insisted that, by this
(locking of our people into Oregon, we sliould
acquire, in point of title only, an increase of the
ditlicultv;^ for a question would soon arise as to
how far Congress might dispossess American citi-
zens, and transfer them to the jurisdiction of ano-
ther Government; therefore, he said, lot tlie ques-
tion be settled now. lie urged that the notice
should be immediately given for peace's sake.
The gentleman from Mouth Carolina [Mr.
Riihtt] had told the House that wo should not
get it by gi\ing notice; but Mr. T. believed, 011
the oilier hand, that it was the only wav in which
we could get it. We never should obtain posses-
sion of Oregon by refusing it. The advancing
wave of our enterprising population pouring over
the mountains and lilting Oregon might, indeed,
give us power, but it gave us no rights, and would
multiply our difliculties. Tile rapid settlement of
the country was the very reason why notice should
be given. Let our people know what they had to
calculate upon. Let thein understand where tliey
were going to settle—whether 111 the United Statos,
or out of them. Rapidly as they were now enter-
ing the territory, he believed they would emigrate
m much larger numbers if they knew that when
they got there they could enjoy the quiet ami stable
possession of their new homes. They came with
the purpose of permanent settlement; ihey wanted
to build house*, to bring their flocks and herds,
to enclose anfl cultivate their farms, and to perform
all the acts and enjoy all tho privileges of owners
of the soil. But they could not do this so long as
the very soil on which they built might the next
year be surrendered to a foreign Government. It
was of primary importance that the boundaries
of the territory should be settled as soon as pos-
sible.
The President had given to the House the most
abundant re.isons why the contemplated notice
•should be given. Me told the House, in the first
place, that the negotiation had failed. In this,
however, Mr. T. did not agree with him. The
President seemed certain that no proposition would
probably be offered us which we ought to accept.
Of this Mr. T. was satisfied, that none would be
offered which the President would accept. But
that was a matter not in the power of the House,
but of the Executive. But, after such an assurance
from the official organ of the Government for con-
ducting our foreign relations, it was time to put
an end to the existing convention. Should such
notice be given, it would be 110 reason against, any
mode of settling the difficulty. Mr. T. considered
every honorable mode of settlement as still open
to us, and he would put the whole matter in the
President's hands. When negotiation should have
faded, it would not exclude any other mode of pro-
ceeding;, not even the proposition of the gentleman
from Massachusetts itself. It gave the President
power for good, but none for evil. Mr. T. did
not, for one, beheve that the argument was ex-
hausted, and that we must stand to our arms.
That was not his position. He proposed a peace-
ful measure, and one that was in strict conformity
with the Constitution.
How, then, could the advocates of the notice be
charged with loving and seeking a war? War, he
believed, was not desired by any; he viewed it as
the greatest and the most horrible of all calamities.
Even a war for liberty itself was rarely compensa-
ted by the consequences. Yet the common judg-
ment of mankind consigned to lasting infamy the
people who would surrender their rights and free-
dom for the sake of a dishonorable peace. In this
matter, however, the question of peace or war did
not weigh a feather; it had nothing to do with it;
and therefore he entreated gentlemen not to suffer
it to weigh upon their minds in coming to a de-
cision on the subject before them.
In conclusion, Mr. T. observed that he had thus
given, with all candor and frankness, and as suc-
cinctly as he was able, the reasons that would ac-
tuate him in the conclusion he should adopt. He
would say, however, while he left to others the in-
flated eulogiums and the bitter denunciations to
which it had been his task to listen, that it was
due to candor to admit that, although he thought
that such denunciations were out of place here, he
felt, at the same time, that they had their response
within him. Though the feeling was one which
he could not approve, yet it was an American feel-
ing, and one but too natural under the circum-
stances. The pent-up reoollections of the wrongs
perpetrated by that great and haughty Power upon
the human race would find some outlet in words.
That human dust which had so long been trampled
upon in the form of subject millions defrauded of
rights, of freedom, of property, of life itself, had
at length found a human voice: it had elevated
itself on this continent to the possession of both
property and power; it had achieved the victory of
equality, and its ancient wrongs were not forgotten.
And the remembrance had constantly produced a
secret struggling desire, felt not only in this Hall,
but all over the country, to hurl back defiance and
menace against our ancient enemy.
Meanwhile, Georgia wanted peace; but she
would not for peace sake yield either her own or
the nation's rights. A new career of prosperity
was now before her; new prospects, bright and
fair, opened to her vision, and lay ready for her
grasp; and she fully appreciated her position. She
had at length begun to avail herself of its advanta-
ges by forming a great communicating line between
the Atlantic and the West. She was embarking
in enterprises of internal improvement, and was
beginning to provide manufactories for the employ-
ment of her underpaid laborer. She saw nothing
but prosperity ahead, and peace was necessary in
order to realize it; but still, if war must come—if
it had been decreed of Heaven that Oregon must
be consecrated to liberty in the blood of the brave
and tho sufferings of the free—Georgia would be
found ready with her share of the offering; and,
whatevei might be her sacrifices, she would dis-
play a magnanimity great as the occasion and pro-
longed as tho conflict
_ Mr. HAMLIN obtained the floor, but yielded
it for a moment to
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, who gave notice of
an amendment which he should offer when in
order; which was read as follows :
Jiesolved by the Senate and-House of Represenla~
lives of the United States of Jlnierica in Congress
' assembled, That the President of the United States
' be, and he hereby is, authorized to open, at such
1 time as he may deem expedient, a negotiation
' with the Government of Great Britain for the
' purpose of terminating, by mutual consent, the
' convention which was entered into between the
' two Governments on the 6th of August, 1827."
Mr. HAMLIN resumed the floor, and address-
ed the committee during the allotted hour. He
came to the consideration of the question now pre-
sented to them, he trusted, with a full understand-
ing of its momentous importance, and of the mag-
nitude of the interests that were committed to their
hands to be affected for weal or for wo by the riHit
or the wrong decision of this question. The eyes
of twenty millions of people were watching their
action here, arid the hearts of twenty millions of
freemen were beating with anxiety as to the action
at which they were finally to arrive; and it had
been well said by the venerable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] that for years that
were past there had not been, and for years to
come there would not be, a question submitted to
the American Congress equal in its moment, equal
in its importance.
Before proceeding directly to the discussion of
this question, lie designed-to refer, and in a few
