1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
remarks to reply, to positions which had been
taken by gentlemen who had preceded him in this
debate. And first, he concurred most cheerfully
and most heartily in the sentiments of the gentle-
man who had immediately preceded him in rela-
tion to the character and the course the debate had
assumed, and by him it should be diverted to no
improper direction. War, war, had been shouted
within these walls and echoed over our vast coun-
try, to react again upon this body: and by whom,
and on what authority were these echoes sent
abroad through the land ? He cared not whether
the shout came up within these walls—whether it
was manufactured here or elsewhere—he should
not be diverted from his path of duty by that stale
and senseless cry. He had heard it before, and
upon this same subject years ago in the other end
of this Capitol. When this subject was there under
discussion, it was the same master-spirit that had
then raised this cry of war, war, to defeat this
measure. "Why was it that gentlemen assumed
this position?—a position which neither the facts
here or elsewhere justified, and a position taken m
order to produce a'nanic.^Rome had her Punic war,
but it was reserved for us to have our panic war.
Let us examine (continued Mr. H.) briefly the
position of the question before us. In 1818, a cer-
tain convention was entered into between the re-
spective Governments of the United States and
Great Britain, relative to the territory upon our
northwest coast, known as the Oregon Territory.
That treaty was, by ils own limitations, to remain
in force but ten years. In 1827 it was renewed
by a treaty which was to be terminated whenever
either of the two high contracting parties should
give twelve months1 notice of their desire for it.
And now, forsooth, because we come here in the
way marked out by the treaty to exercise (he
power thus specially provided for in that treaty,
we are to be met as the war party ! T repel the
imputation, and I hurl it back again, (said Mr. II.)
It is that very cry in and of itself that tends more
to produce a war than any other course which can
be taken here. We on this aide of the House aie
the peace party. Timid counsels tend to war—
fear admitted, to our councils betrays like trea-
son." 1 cannot sympathize, then, with gentlemen
who use tins argument, although they may use. it
honestly; nor will I permit it to divert this discus-
tion, so far as I am concerned, from its true and
legitimate track. We ask nothing on this side of
the House but the exercise of our constitutional
rights—rights that are pointed out and defined by
the very treaty under which we are acting. And
is it true that the exercise of these rights, as we
propose it, is any cause of war? No, sir. " Old
men see visions, and young men dream dreamy,"
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. HuNTER}*tdls
us; and my word for it, it was but the dream of
the gentleman's waking hours when he made his
anti-war speech, on the ground that this notice
was a measure designed in any way or calculated
to be a war measure. While with gentlemen in
all parts of the House he most cheerfully concur-
red that peace was to be desired above everything
else, save the preservation of our national rights
and our national honor, he (Mr. H.) did not hold
war to be an evil from which they should shrink,
when the preservation of our national rights and
our national honor demanded it. If we were to be
deterred from exercising our constitutional rights
by that stale clamor, then how long would it be
before we would be stripped of every right we do
possess, by inviting other Governments to aggres-
sions upon us?
There was another remark to which he wished
to allude. Too often within these walls, in the dis-
cussion of various measures, had he heard taunts
and reproaches, either directly or by implication,
cast upon various sections of this Union; and when
they had been directed to that section where it was ;
his pride and his pleasure to reside, he had felt j
them thrill along his nerves like an electric shock, j
and the impulses of his heart had been upon his j
lips to hurl them back again. _ But time and reflec-
tion had chastened these feelings, and he passed
them by in sorrow that they should come from the
iips of any individual on this floor; and while it
was his glory and his pride to be an inhabitant of
that section whose motives were so often ques-
tioned here, he had a single word to say m behalf
of that people. He had no objections to interpose
here in defence of what may have been the errors
or the wickedness of her politicians; but in behalf
of her citizens he had a word to say. He believed
them to be as patriotic as any other class of citi-
zens to be found in our Union. They had exhib-
ited their patriotism and their valor on many a
well-fought field. Their bones had bleached on
many a northern hill, and'the barren sands of the
South had drunk in their best blood. Sir, (said
Mr. H.,) I point with pride to the North, and in-
vite y ou there to witness a system which has grown
up with us, and which is our ornament. I point
you to our system of free labor. I point you to
our common schools—to our churches, with their
spires pointing towards heaven—and I glory in
them. They are the monuments that belong to a
people who nave the true spirit of citizens of a free
Government. But I stop not there; I ask you to
go with me throughout this whole broad nation,
I point you to her—I point you to the whole
Union—as a monument of political giandeur tow-
ering towards the heavens; upon which the friend
of freedom, wherever upon our globe he may be,
may gaze; around whose highest summit the sun-
light of glory forever shines, and at whose base a
free people reposes, and, I tiust, forever will re-
pose. So much for New England, my home; so
much for the Union, my country.
Mr. H. now advanced to a more direct discus-
sion of the question immediately before them; and
he first asked the attention ot the House to the
duty which they, as guardians of the public weal,
owed to themselves and to their common country.
He called their attention to the duty which, as a
component part of this Government, they owed to
its citizens wherever they may be found. If theic
was a single duty which rises over, above, and
beyond all others, it was tluit of the American Re-
public to afford protection to the American citizen
wherever he moy be found upon the Amencan
soil. It was one of the highest duties incident to the
charge committed to their hands; wherever our na-
tional flag iloals upon the breeze, it should be a
ceitain index: of ample protection to the American
citizen in all his rights of person and of property.
Why, is it true (asked Mr. II.) that, in the nine-
teenth ccntuiy, undei this Government, winch wc
believe to be the best die world has ever seen—is
it true that the cry, "I am an American citizen,"
shall not be as sure a safeguard, and a pledge of
protection, as the cry, "* I am a Roman citizen,"
was in the palmy days of Rome ? It was said by
an ancient philosopher that the Governmentwhich
feels most sensibly, and which redresses most
promptly, every injury visited by a foreign Power
upon its most humble citizen, but discharged the
duties incumbent upon it. And is it not truly so?
What, in a greater degree than the strict discharge
of its duty to its citizens, will callfordi their affec-
tions and their loyalty, and will draw them forth to
protect the institutions and defend the standard of
their common country in the hour of their coun-
try's peril? The citizen who realizes the full as-
surance that his rights will always be defended
with a sleepless vigilance, will, in his turn, ever be
ready to dischargcwith promptness and fidelity all
the duties that country may require of lum.
How, then, is our Government to extend that
protection and that aid which arc required from it
to its citizens—to those wanderers to the distant
portion of its territory westward of the Rocky
mountains? Sir, those citizens have been wrested
from American soil to be tried for alleged offences
by foreign laws. They have been dragged from
their peaceful homes—from their own domestic
firesides—and have been tried and held amenable
j to the laws of British provinces; and here, in the
nineteenth century, from this stale clamor of war
ringing m our ears, are we to stop and fold our
amis about us, and say. <e We will pause a while
before we give this notice—we may rouse the
lion in his lair—England, with her chain of mili-
tary posts around the world, may be aroused—
and we do not precisely foresee what will be the
consequencesNo; the notice should be given
now, and protection to American citizens should
be extended wherever they are found on American
soil; and then that flag that had been borne aloft
in triumph m the battle and in the breeze, upon
the ocean and upon the lakes, the emblem of pro-
tection to each and to every of our citizens, will
float forever over the homes of a free and happy
people. That flag which now
« So proudly drinks the morning light
O'er ocean's wave m foreign clime,
A symbol of our might."
This faithful discharge of governmental duties
will be one of the strongest arguments in favor of
the advancement of the principles of our own free
Government. The feelmg of every citizen that
protection in person and property is secured to him
by the laws and by the flag of his country, will
serve more surely than aught else to extend and
widen our broad domain. Let it be done, and our
Government will pursue its onward course by its
moral power, until it shall extend from the Isthmus
of Darien to the frozen regions of the North—from
the rough, rock-bound coast of the Alantic, back
to the gentle murmurs of the Pacific. Then, in
the inimitable language of our own distinguished
poet—
"Wide shall our own free race increase,
And wide extend the elastic chain
That binds in eveilasting peace
State alter State—a mighty train."
Mr. H. next proceeded to the consideration of
this question in a commercial point of view. Ore-
gon was ours; it belongs to us; and the question
of title he had no disposition here to examine. It
had been thoroughly, ably examined by those who
are in authority, and the result has been presented
to the American Republic. He had no disposi-
tion to go into that examination. He should be
well satisfied to rest himself on him who at least
might be considered the Achilles of this question,
in the position that our title was better than that
of England. It was more: it was a perfect title.
This being our territory, then, by laws and rules
established by Great Britain herself, let them ex-
amine carefully into its importance m a commer-
cial point of view. They were told on another oc-
casion within these walls that it was necessary to
extend our public domain in the southwest for the
purpose of securing to our country a monopoly of
the cotton-growing interest; and the argument was
as broad ns our Union; it came home to the feel-
ings, to the interests, and to the principles of ac-
tion of the Representatives from every section of
our country. Let them now weigh by the same
rules—the rules established on that occasion—the
commercial considerations involved in this ques-
tion. The Northern and the Middle States are
essentially manufacturing States—Lhe Northern
States particularly; they are situated in a high
latitude, under a forbidding climate, and yet they
have the industry of their citizens, the water-pow-
er, and the facilities given them by nature to ren-
der them a manufacturing people. The South—
the "sunny South"—may grow the staple pro-
duce of that country; and the West may be the
granary not only of our own country, but, give it
an outlet, the granary of the world. Then, he
said, in a commercial point of view, this matter
came home to the feelings and the interests of eve-
ry citizen of every section of our widely-extended
country. The North must necessarily be the man-
ufacturing section of this Union; let them have an
outlet; let there be an easy mode of transportation
and communication to the far West, and we would
become the manufacturers almost of the world.
The Northern and the Middle States must be that
portion of our Union, which will supply not only
India but China, and all the Eastern portions of
the world, with their manufactured articles. But
he stopped not here. The matter came home
equally to the interests of the South, because for
the supply of those manufactured articles the South
would be called upon for their staple, for increased
production of that staple, which in its manufac-
tured form is thus destined to find its way to the
markets of the East. It was a question in which
the West had no right to assume a particular in-
terest. It was a question which came home equal-
ly to the North, the South, the East, and the West.
It was a great national question, co-extensile with
our Union. Why, Ave were already opening our
markets in the East; we have already established
our treaty stipulations with China; we have al~
ready sent our cotton and manufactured goods into
the Eastern Empire. Last year more than six
millions of American manufactures were sent to
the Eastern continent, and of that amount more
than four millions of dollars is believed to have
been of cotton goods. We have opened the Chi-
nese market, and in opening that market, with the
advance which commerce will give in that distant
portion of the globe to civilization, to refinement,
and to Christianity, we have opened a market
which will call for untold millions of the manufac-
tured articles of the Northern and Middle States—
