190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
no accounts rendered. Illinois: $700; no accounts
rendered. Missouri: no regular accounts rendered.
The collector " acknowledges the receipt of $1,599,
a part of which he has applied to expenses, and
deposited the balance in the hands of individuals,
for want of banks, subject to his order." Alaba-
ma: no account. Mississippi: no account render-
ed. Florida: no account rendered. District of
Columbia: $1,057 28 collected, $890 02 received;
balance due, after deducting commission, $8 68;"
" about $450 remain to be collected from subscri-
bers. Since the statement was made out, ten dol-
lars have been received."
Mr. B. abstained from naming the agents, be-
cause he aimed at the system, not at individuals;
and he would only add, that he was entirely op-
posed to giving the sanction of the Government to
any individual, or set of individuals, on the face of
the earth, to the sending out persons into collection
districts for the purpose of raising funds—a sys-
tem which would be productive of nothing mine
than u a beggerly account of empty boxes." He
moved to refer the report to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
[A message was received from the President of
the United States, communicating several mes-
sages in writing, and informing the Senate that he
has approved and signed the act repealing the act
abolishing the office of one Inspector-General of
the army.]
Mr. DAYTON said that as this was but a prelimi-
nary matter, it was scarcely necessary to remark
much on what had been brought before the Senate.
It would be sufficient for him to call the attention
of the committee to the fact, that the report from
which the Senator from Missouri read was made
in 1838, and that subsequent to the date of the
report the whole matter had been settled satisfac-
tory to those interested m it. The report showed
that every collector entered into a bond of live thou-
sand dollars, conditioned for the faithful perform-
ance of his duty; and in every instance where
there was a failure, prosecution had ensued, and
the money acquired, with a single exception, (in
the State of Alabama,) where the security himself
was utterly insolvent. He begged leave to present
a report from Mr. George Watterston, the secre-
tary of the association, enclosing a statement from
the treasurer, giving a satisfactory account of the
transactions, and showing that even the amount
collected in Missouri had been accounted for; and
although it had been loaned by the collector, it had
since been paid out of private funds.
In connexion with this matter, he would move
that the letter of the secretary of this association
be also referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. UliNTON inquired whether the money had
been paid out of the collector's private funds.
Mr. DAYTON replied that the money had been
paid, either by the collector or in his behalf. At
all events,the money had come into the possession
of the association.
The report presented by Mr. Benton, and the
letter presented by Mr. Dayton, were referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
I INTERPOSITION OF FOREIGN POWERS.
Mr. ALLEN gave notice that he would to-mor-
row, or on some day thereafter, ask leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution declaratory of the principle
by which the United States will be governed in re-
gard to the interposition of the Powers of Europe
in Unpolitical affuirs of the independent nations of
America.
NATIONAL ARMORY.
Mr. TURNEY, pursuant to notice, asked, ob-
tained leave, and introduced " a bill to establish a
' national armory at the Suck on the Tennessee
( river, in the State of Tennessee;" which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
SALT, &.C.
Mr. BENTON, pursuant to notice, asked, ob-
tained leave, and introduced "A bill to repeal the
{ acts levying a duty on imported salt, and granting
c certain fishing bounties and allowances to fishing
4 vessels, in lieu of a drawback of the duties paid
' on foreign salt used on fish exportedwhich was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
RESOLUTIONS.
^ Mr. BERRIEN presented the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire whether
any, and what, legislation by Congress is neces-
sary to enforce the provisions of the act approved
3d day of March, 1845, establishing a post route
between the cities of Savannah, in the State of
Georgia, and Charleston, in the State of South
Carolina, by sea.
Mr. BAGBY presented the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing by law for the payment of the balance
of certain claims ascertained and reported by the
then agent to be due to certain persons for losses
sustained during the Creek war.
Mr. PHELPS presented the following resolu-
tion; which, after a brief explanation from Mr.
Phelps, to the effect that, in consequence of this
message being communicated to the Senate just on
the eve of the close of the session, no action had
taken place upon it, was referred to the Printing
Committee:
Resolved, That the message of the President of
the United States, communicated to the Senate the
13th of September, 18-11, in answer to a resolution
ot that body, with copies of the correspondence
touching the origin, progress, and conclusion of
the late convention between the United States and
the kingdom of Sardinia, be printed.
ORDERS OF THE DAV.
The bill to pay the debt due by the United States
to Texas, when the latter was an Independent State,
was taken up; but, on motion of Mr. SEVIER,
was passed over informally for the present.
On motion of Mr. J. M. CLAYTON, the bill
for the relief of Nathaniel Goddard was also pass-
ed by informally, at the request of Mr. Turney,
who desired further time to satisfy himself of the
justness of the claim.
The bill for the relief of the widow of Colonel
William IVJeRea was taken up, and considered as
in committee of the whole.
Mr. KENTON called for the reading of the re-
port accompanying the bill; which being ordered,
the same was read by the Secretary.
Air. IL referred to the long-continued faithful ser-
vices of the deceased, who entered the service of
his country in the year 1791, and continued therein
for a period of forty-one years. His life (Mr. 13.
said) was literally worn out in the public service,
and the question now was, whether a distinction
should be kept up between the widows of naval
otHecrs and the widows of officers of the army.
While the navy pension fund was in existence,
Congress was free from these applications; since
it had been abolished, the business of naval pen-
sions had been transferred to the Commissioner
of Pensions, who estimated that $33,000 would be
paid to widows during the present year.
Mr. SEVIER said that he had not the least ob-
jection to the passage of the bill in this particular
case; but he feared it would be a dangerous pre-
cedent, and that, the effect of the passage of this
bill might be to bring in the cases of ail widows of
officers during the late war with Great Britain for
pensions for five years. Could the treasury stand
this' If the gentleman [Mr. Bknton] had no ob-
jection, he hoped that the consideration of the bill
would be postponed for a day or two.
No objection being made, n was so ordered.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that the Speaker of said
House had signed several enrolled bills, to which
the Vice President was requested to affix his sig-
nature.
The bill authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to effect a compromise with Mangle M.
Uunckeuboss, was passed over informally; and,
on motion of
Mr. SPEIGHT, the Senate proceeded into Ex-
ecute e session; and, after some time spent therein,
the doors were opened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 13, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday having been read in
part—
On motion of Mr. TIBBATTS, the further read-
ing thereof was dispensed with.
And then the Journal was approved.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees for reports,
INDIAN TRIBES IN TEXAS.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, reported the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to communicate to this House all the informa-
tion in his possession touching and relating to the
relation of this Government with the Indian tribes
residing in the State of Texas; what are their sup-
posed numbers; what extent of territory do they
occupy, giving as definitely as may be the bounda-
ries of their country; what treaties have been made
with said Indians, and what efforts to make trea-
ties with the same, and what disposition to treat
with this Government have they manifested, and
what necessity of establishing an agency exists,
and what, in the opinion of the department, would
be the grade of such agency.
The SPEAKER said that the resolution, being
a call for information, must, by the rule, he over
one day.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON thought there could
be no objection to its present adoption.
And no objection being made, the resolution was
considered, and, without debate, adopted.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, made a report upon the memorial
of the widow of Mervin P. Mix, accompanied by
a bill to enable the Secretary of the Navy to pur-
chase the right of using Mix's patent manger-stop-
per; which bill was read a first and second time,
and committed to a Committee of the Whole House
to-morrow.
PRIVATE.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, made an adverse report
upon the petition of the heirs of Bartholomew
Broddock; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. B., from the same committee, made a report
upon the petition of James Hillman, accompanied
by a bill for his relief; which bill was read a first
and second time, and committed to the,Committee
of the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. SEAMAN, from the same committee, made
a report upon the petition of Daniel Xngalls, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which bill was read
a first and second time, and committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. COCKE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report upon the peti-
tion of Nathan Ashley; which report was laid
upon the table.
Mr. GOODYEAR, from the same committee,
made ail adverse report upon the petition of Sam-
uel Cochran and Dennis Doggert; which was laid
upon the table.
M r. DELANO, from the same committee, made
adverse reports upon the petition of JohnL. Allen,
Elias Carpenter, Hector St. John Beetly, and Eli-
jah Buchanan ; which reports were laid upon the
table.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, made a report upon the petition of the heirs
of William Evans, accompanied by a bill fortheir
relief; which bill was read a first and second time,
and committed to acommittee of the Whole House
to-morrow.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, from the same com-
mittee, made adverse reports upon the petitions of
Aaron TucKer and of Andrew and John Moddrell;
which reports were laid on th e table.
On motion of Mr. STARKWEATHER,
_ Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be discharged from the consideration of the
petition of Sally Thomas, the widow of Cornelius
Thomas, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, made adverse reports upon
the petition of Eli West and Jesse Biddle; which
reports were laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON,
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affiiirs
be discharged from the consideration of the memo-
rial of Josephine Nourse, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RELPE, from the Committeee on Public
Lands, to which the subject was referred, reported
a bill granting to the States of Missouri and Ar-
