1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
kansas certain alternate sections of land in and near
the New Madrid and St. Francis river swamps,
for the purpose of reclaiming said lands, and in-
creasing the value of the public tods in the vicinity
thereof, accompanied by a report in writing; which
bill was read a first and second time, and commit-
ted to a Committee of th,e Whole House on the
state of the Union.
Mr. JAMES B. HUNT, from the Committee
on Public Lands, to which was referred the bill
to apply certain alternate sections of the public
domain toward the completion of works of inter-
nal improvement in the State of Michigan, and for
other purposes, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Ordered, That the said bill be committed to the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union.
OLD INDIAN FIGHTERS.
Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON, from the select com-
mittee appointed on the subject, reported a bill to
extend the provisions of an act entited "An act
1 supplementary to the act for the relief of certain
* surviving officers and soldiersof the Revolution,"
approved the 7th June, 1832; read twice and com-
mitted.
The committees having been called through,
The SPEAKER stated that the unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour would be the resolution
in relation to the printing of Captain Fremont's
report.
FALLS OF THE OHIO.
Mr. HENLEY rose and, said that he had had
in his possession for the last two weeks a petition
praying- for the construction of a canal round the
Falls of the Ohio near Louisville. He desired that
this petition might be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD made a suggestion, which
•was not heard, but the purport of which seemed
to be, that if the House once began to order the
printing of petitions, it would be difficult to say
where it would stop.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved the reference of the pe-
tition to the Committee on Commerce, and that it
bo printed.
Mr. COBB inquired of the Speaker whether the
petition came from private individuals.
The SPEAKER referred the gentleman to Mr.
Hrnlbi for the information.
Mr. COBB inquired if it was usual to print pe-
titions.
Mr. HENLEY, as to the first inquiry of Mr.
Cobb, explained that the petition came from citi-
zens. And Mr. H. said he preferred a reference to
the Committee on Roads and Canals, rather than
to the Committee on Commerce.
A division of the question was ordered.
And the petition was referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals, but the printing was re-
fused.
Mr. PETTIT, on leave given, presented sun-
dry joint resolutions of the Legislature of Indiana;
which, on his motion, were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, the petition of J. G. Pollock, and one hun-
dred and twenty-four others, citizens of Indiana,
praying for the improvement of the Maumce river;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Also, the petition of Jacob Olinger, a revolution-
ary soldier, praying for a pension: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
INDIAN MISSION ASSOCIATION.
Mr. THOMASSON rose and stated, that he had
hitherto been unfortunate in his efforts to obtain
the floor. He had had in his possession for
some time a petition or memorial from the Board
of Managers of the Indian Mission Association—
which was doing much good to the aborigines of
this country. They were very anxious that the
memorial should be printed, tie would have pre-
sented it under the rule, but for the desire which
he felt that it should be printed.
He moved that it be referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and that it be printed.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON inquired whether
the memorial tended to legislation, or whether it
merely gave general information.
Mr. THOMASSON said he thought that the
memorial asked for a portion of the Indian annu-
ities to be given to certain Indian tribes west of
he Mississippi river, in the ratio in which they
are entitled to them, and complaining somewhat
of the manner in which that fund had been dis-
tributed.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON asked a division of
the question, which was ordered.
And then the memorial was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Alfairs, and was ordered to be
printed.
FORWARD. OFFICERS.
Mr. THOMAS B. KING, on leave given, pre-
sented a memorial of the forward officers of the
Exploring Expedition; which, on his motion, was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. K. also presented the memorial of Captain
Thomas Newell: referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. WOOD WORTH, on leave given, pesented
certain petitions and remonstrances.
Mr. DARRAGH asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion.
And leave having been granted,
Mr. D. introduced the resolution, which, after
having been so modified by him, (at the suggest-
ion of Mr. McCLERNAND and Mr .THOMAS
B. KING, as to take the form of an inquiry into
the expediency of the measure, instead of that of
positive instruction,) was adopted, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of report-
ing a bill at as early a day as practicable, provi-
ding for the appropriation of a sufficient sum of
money to complete the marine hospital, com-
menced on the sites owned by the United States
near Pittsburg, in Pennsylvania, Louisville, in
Kentucky, and Cleveland, in Ohio.
Mr, THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved the
following resolution; which was read and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Militia he
instructed to inquire into the expediency of report-
ing a bill for the relief of General Hugh W. Dun-
lap, for mustering the miliria into the service of
the United States in the year 1836, in obedience to
a requisition made upon the Exccutivc of Missis-
sippi by Ma jor General Gaines.
Mr. WOODRUFF presented the memorial of
a large number of citizens of the city of New York
against the repeal of the act of 1837, enlarging the
light of pilotage into the port of New York: refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. DARRAGH, the memorial
of the Board of Trade of the city of Pittsburg,
relative to the improvement of the Ohio river, was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into and report
upon the application of John Bozeman, a soldier
of the Revolution, now a citizen of Mississippi,
to be placed on the pension roll.
Mr. E. W. HUBARD obtained leave to intro-
duce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Joint Committee on the Li-
brary be instructed to inquire into and report to
this House, at the earliest practicable time, the
amount of money expended on Captain Wilkes's
Exploring Expedition in the South Seas, and the
cost of the several works which may have been,
and the progress and cost of those now in a course
of publication, descriptive of the same and its
results; and the name, number, and pay of the
several persons engaged as superintendents and
undertakers of said publications; and whether the
said works have been published from the Govern-
ment plates for the use and benefit of private indi-
viduals; and also, the number and description of
all works thus published, and the authority for so
doing. And also whether it is expedient to order
any changes in any of said publications, or m the
superintendents or agents of the same.
The resolution was read and agreed to.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND, on leave,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the propriety
of allowing the present Commissioner to the Sand-
wich Islands an outfit.
On motion of Mr. YELL, on leave, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of establishing a national armory on the western
waters.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, on leave, introduced
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House a plan for a Consti-
tutional Treasury, as suggested by the President's
Message, by supplementary provisions to the or-
ganic act of 1789, without the unnecessary machin-
ery and expense of the repealed sub-Treasury law,
and with an earlier establishment of coin payments
than proposed by the bill reported on the 19th De-
cember of this session of Congress by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
The resolution was read, and laid over for con-
sideration, one day, under the rule.
RESOLUTIONS GENERALLY.
The preceding resolutions had been introduced
on leave obtained in each case. At this point—
Mr. VINTON moved that the rules establishing
the order of business be suspended, and that the
States be called regularly for the presentation of
resolutions; those giving rise to debate, if any
such should be presented, to be laid over for con-
sideration, according to the rules.
This motion was adopted, two-thirds voting for
it.
The States were called accordingly; and a very
large number of resolutions were moved, as fol-
low:
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the act of Congress of April 2, 1844,
providing for the disposition of certain goods seized
for breach of the revenue laws as to include boats
of a less value than one hundred dollars.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachu-
setts, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish this House with a statement
p showing the quantity of coarse wool"unmanu-
! factured, the value whereof at the last port or
plare whence exported to the United States is seven
cents or under per pound, which has been import-
ed into the United States and paid duties during the
year ending June 30, 1845; also, during the quar-
ter ending September 30, 1845.
On motion of Mr. ASHMUN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Build-
ings be instructed to inquire and report what altera-
tions can be made in the Hall of the House of Rep-
resentatives, so as to render it suitable for the
transaction of the public business.
Mr. ASHMUN also moved the following reso-
lution; and, debate arising, it was laid over under
the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency and ne-
cessity of diminishing the corrupting patronage of
the Executive of the United States.
On motion of Mr. D. P. KING, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to consider the expediency of reporting
appropriations for the completion of the break-
water at Sandy Bay, and for the protection of Lynn
harbor.
On motion of Mr. CRANSTON, it was
1. Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
appropriations for placing proper buoys on Brent-
ant's Reef, near the entiance of the harbor of New-
port, in the State of Rhode Island; on the Middle
Ground, near the Dutch Island, in Narragansett
Bay; on Charles's Ledge, in the East river; on a
ledge nf rocks half a mile from the Half Rock, in
Narragansett Bay; and on a new shoal making off
from tJie south point of Goat Island, in the harbor
of Newport, all in said State.
2. Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation to clear out and deepen
Providence river, to Weybassett bridge, in said
city, and also to clear out and deepen the harbor of
Providence.
On motion of Mr. E. B. HOLMES, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of establishing suitable fortifications for a military
station at or near the mouth of the Genesee river,
in the State of New York.
Mr. H. WHITE moved the following resolu-
tion; and, debate arising, it was laid over under
the rule:
