THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY,. JANUARY 16, 1846.
New Series....No. 13.
to office should be divided by the whole number
of representatives; giving to. each Congressional
district in the Union its fair ratio of officers under
the Federal Government.
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this House,
every Congressional district in the Union is more
than competent to furnish its Ml quota of officers,
upon the principle as laid down in the foregoing
resolutions, who would be honest, capable, and
faithful to the Constitution of the United States.
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this House, im-
mediately after all the offices shall be filled upon
the principle as laid down in these resolutions, the
President and Heads of Departments should divide
the whole number of Congressional districts into
four equal divisions, or as near so as may be prac-
ticable, classing them one, two, three, and four;
the officers belonging to the first district falling into
the first class, shall be vacated at the expiration of
eight years; those falling into the second class shall
be vacated at the expiration of six years; those
falling into the third class shall be vacated at the
expiration of four years; those falling into the
fourth class shall be vacated at the expiration of
two years: so that one-fourth of tho whole number
of officers thus appointed would be retiring from
office every two years, and a new set coming in to
fill the vacancies thus occasioned.
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this House, in
the selection of individuals to fill the offices under
the Federal Government, due regard should be had
to the farmers and mechanics of tho country, so as
to give them their fair proporiion of said offices.
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this House, the
people, the principles of the Constitution, the spirit
of the times, and justice, all demand at the hands
tho P esident and'Hcads of Departments, so soon
as may be practicable, to carry into full and fair
effect the principles and doctrines as laid down in
the foregoing resolutions.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES proposed the following
amen Imcnt:
" That offices were created for Government, and
not for spoils."
The resolution, giving rise to debate, lies over.
Fremont's report—again.
Mr. DELANO offered the following resolution;
on which he demanded tho previous question:
Resolved, That the Clerk he directed to procure
five thousand additional copies of Captain Fre-
mont's report for the use of the members of this
House, provided they can be procured without any
charge for composition.
The question on the demand for the previous
question was taken, and the Chair had announced
the affirmative vote; when
Mr. RATHBUN demanded tellers, who were
appointed; but
Mr. G. W, JONES moved that the resolution
be laid on the table.
On which motion tho vote was ayes 49, noes 79.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. RATHBUN moved that the House adjourn.
But the House declared it would not adjourn.
The question then recurred and was taken on the
demand for the previous question; and the vote
stood, ayes 79, noes 41.
So there was a second.
And the main question (on the adoption of the
resolution) was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, and many others, de-
manded the yeasandnays; which were ordered.
Mr. McKAY suggested that a resolution of this
kind had been introduced some days ago, and was
now subject to debate as the unfinished business of
the morning hour. He submitted whether it was
in order to offer a resolution of the same charac-
ter.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
And tlie question, " Shall the resolutionbe adopt-
ed?" was then taken, and decided in the negative,
as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q,. Adams, Ash-
mun, Baker, Blanchard, Brodhead, W. G. Brown,
Buffington, William W. Campbell, John G. Chap-
man, Collin, Cranston, Culver, Cunningham, Dar-
13
ragh, Delano, DeMott, Dixon, Dockery, Douglass,
Edsall, Ellsworth, John H. Ewiner, Ficklin, Fos-
ter, Giddings, Grider, Grinnell, Hampton, Har-
per, Elias B Holmes, Hough, J. W. Houston,
Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, W. Hunt, Charles
J. Ingersoll, Jenkins, Daniel P. King, Thomas
B. King, Levin, Long, McGaughey, MeHenry,
Mcllvaine, Marsh, John P. Martin, Miller, Owen,
Perrill, Pollock, Ramsey, Julius Rockwell, J. A.
Rockwell, Rank, Russell, Sawyer, Schenck, Sea-
man, Truman Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stanton,
Stephens, Sykes, Thibodeaux, Thoroasson, Benja-
min Thompson,Tibbatts,Tilden, Trumho, Vance,
Vinton, Wen tworth, White, Wick, Wilmot, Win-
throp, Woodruff, Wright, and Younsr,—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, J. H. Ander-
son, Atkinson, Barrineer, Bayly, Bell, Benton,
Bisgs, James Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Brinkerhoff,
Milton Brown, Cathcart, Augustus A. Chapman,
Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb,
Cocke, Crosier, Cullom, Cummins, Daniel, Dar-
gan, Jefferson Davis, Dillingham, Dobbin, Drom-
goole, Dunlap, F.rdman, Edwin H, Ewine, Gen-
try, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Graham, Grover,
Hamlin, Haralson, Herrick,Hogo, I. E.Holmes,
George S. Houston, S. W. Hubard, Hungerford,
James B. Hunt, Hunter, James H. Johnson, Jo-
seph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geo.W. Jones,
Kennedy, Preston Kit)?', Lawrence, Leib, Ligon,
Lumpkin, McClean, MeOlellaiul, McClermuul,
McCrnte, McDowell, Meffnv, B. Martin, Mor-
ns, Mrmlton, i\riv{ n, Norris, Payne, Pettit, Price,
Rathbun, Reid, Relfe, ftitter, Sav.-tclle, Scam-
mot), Sodden, Severance, L. IT. Sims, Simpson,
Robt. Smitlp, Starkweather, Stromi, JacobThomp-
son, Thurman, Tredwav, Whcaton, Williams,
Woodworth, Yancey, Yell, and Yost—97.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
oregon.
Mr. BAKER offered the following resolution,
on which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this House, the
President of the United States cannot, consistently
with a just regard to the honor of the nation, offer
to surrender to any foreign Power any territory to
which, in his opinion, we have a clear and unques-
tionable title.
Mr. PAYNE objected, and asked that the reso-
lution should lie over. * .
The SPEAKER said that the previous question
had been demanded, and that the question on that
demand must first be taken. If the House refused
a second, the resolution would lie over.
Mr. WINTHROP moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays.
ftut the SPEAKER had put the question ad in-
terim, and announced that the demand came too
late.
Tho resolution was laid on the table.
Some other business (of which an account is
given in another place) having intervened,
Mr. BAKER, remnrkins: that the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wintiirop,] by his su-
perior knowledge of Parliamentary tactics, had got
the better of him, moved to reconsider this vote.
FIRE-SHIPS.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH, on leave given, pre-
sented the memorial and papers of Uriah Brown,
submitting his system for the defence of bays and j
harbors, by means of impregnable and irresistible !
fire-ships. Mr. S., on presenting these papers, j
desired to remark, that the invention of Mr. Brown j
was tested by several satisfactory experiments
made in the presence of a large assemblage of the i
citizens of Baltimore in 1814, and a model of his '
boat was examined by a number of eminent citi-
zens, by officers of the army and navy, naval
architects and civil engineers, and by them highly
approved. This invention was brought to the
notice of Congress in 1814, and by the House re-
ferred to the Secretary of the Navy, who made a
favorable report on the subject. j
In 1827, the Secretary of War transmitted to the I
House a report from the Chief Engineer, and ano-
ther from General Bernard, both of which were
favorable to the invention. In 1828, the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs reported a bill making an ap-
propriation, and recommepded that1 experiments
should be made to test its practical utility for har-
bor and coast defence. Again, in 1836, the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs reported a bill for the
same object; but none of these bills passed both
Houses.
Mr. S. did not think our Government had shown
itself liberal towards men of genius who had spent
whole lives in bringing to light new and valuable
inventions. He believed we were behind every
other civilized Government on earth in this respect;
and wlule he was in favor of the most rigid econ-
omy in the expenditures of the public funds, he
nevertheless believed that sound policy dictated a
reasonable expenditure to test such inventions as
would tend to benefit the whole country, and more
particularly so when the invention is for the de-
fence of our towns and cities in time of war. If
Mr. Brown's invention answers the purposes
claimed for it by its advocates, we might, in twelve
months, put our whole seacoast and lake harbors
m a condition to defy the combined navies of Eu-
rope. If (said Mr. S.) we would act upon the old
and wise maxim, " In time of peace prepare for
war," there was, in his opinion, no time to lose.
Believing that the Naval Committee would give
this sul'j'sct an early and favorable investigation,
he moved a reference to that committee.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. GORDON mo\ed the following resolution;
and debate arising, it was laid over under the rule:
Resolved, That a select committee of three be
appointed to inquire into the publication of the
tenth volume of the laws of the United States, and
of the copy of said laws as authorized by the last
Conarcss; and to purchase the usual number of
copies of said volume where they can procure the
best edition at the lowest price.
On motion of Mr. HUNGERFORD, it was
1. Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be directed to inquire into the expediency of equal-
izing the compensation now paid to custom-house
officers on our northern, northeastern, and north-
western lakes and rivers.
2. Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Af-
faire be directed to inquire into the expediency of
authorizing the sale of a certain lot owned by the
Government in the village of Sackett's Harbor, in
New York, known and distinguished as lot No. 13
on a map or plot of said village.
Mr. GORDON moved the following resolution;
and, debate arising, it waa laid over under the
rule :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, requested to inform this House,
as soon as practicable, of the amount and quality
of foreign wool imported into the United States
since August 30, 1842, in each year; the rate of
duty paid thereon; the valuation of the same at
the last port or place whence exported to the
United States, and the country whence exported;
and also the amount of domestic wool exported
from the United States to foreign countries in the
same time, and the quality and valuation at tho
port or place of exportation of such exports; and
to communicate such other facts in relation to the
wool trade of the United States as the Department
1 may have the means of furnishing, for the informa-
tion of the House.
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN, it was
Resolved, That the Secretaries of State, Treasu-
ry, War, and Navy, and the Postmaster General,
in addition to their several reports to Congres, in
compliance with the eleventh section of an act
passed August 26,1842, be required to affix to the
name of each clerk or person therein named, the
State or Territory of his residence at the time of
his appointment.
Mr. MILLER moved the following resolution;
and, debate arising, it was laid over under the rule:
Resolved, That the memorial of sundry iner-
