>,,w
196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 14,
September, 1841, providing for a division anions:
the States of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, commonly called the "Distribution act."
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, presented res-
olutions of the Legislature of the State of Dela-
ware, asking an appropriation for the purpose of
improving1 the harbor at the mouth of the river
Malion. Referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, a resolution of the same Legislature, ask-
ing that provision be made for a more extended
distribution of the decisions of the Supreme Court
of the Uniied States. Referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
mr. madison's writings.
The Select Committee raised, on motion of Mr.
Dromgoole, to inquire into the propriety of pro-
viding for the purchase and publication of the
writings of the late President Madison not liereto-
foie published, consists of Messrs. Dromgoole,
Charles J. Ingersoj.i,, Owe><r, Stephens, Nor-
ms, Vance, and Bayly.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Bills were introduced on leave, on notice of mo-
tions heretofore &iven, as follows:
By Mr. CRANSTON: A bill to tonstruct a
military road from Fort Adams to Newport, in
Rhode Island ; twice read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
By Mr. JACOB THOMPSON: A bill to grant
land titles in certain cases; twice read, and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
By Mr. McCLERNAND: A bill to establish
an armory and foundry at Massac, on the Ohio
river; twice read, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: A bill for the relief
of Charles M. MeKenzie; twice read, and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
By Mr. JAMES B. HUNT: A bill to evtend
the limits of the Grand lliver and Sa<;ana\v land
districts, in the State of Michigan; twice read, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Land.s.
By Mr. MORGAN L. MARTIN: A bill to en-
able the people of Wisconsin to form a constitu-
tion and State government; twice read, and refer-
red to the Committee on the Territories.
By Mr. DODGE: A bill granting coi tnin lands
to the Territory of Iowa to aid m the improvement
of the navigation of the Des Moines river, in .said
territory; twice read, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
THE GREEN-MOUNTAIN BOYS.
Mr.COLLAMElt presented a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Vermont, requesting
the United States to give up to that State the four
pieces of brass cannon taken by the Green-Moun-
tain Boys from the British army at Bennington on
the 16th of August, 1777, for the purpose of depos-
iting the same in the State House at Montpelier,
as a memorial of the valor which achieved a vic-
tory so honorable to those brave boys, and so sig«
nally important in effecting the liberties of our na-
tion. Referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
notices of bills.
The following notices were given of motions
hereafter to bo made for leave to introduce bills,
WBy Mr. PABRAGH: A bill for Hie relief of
Thomas Copeland, on account of services rendered
at the United States arsenal near Pittsburg.
By Mr. LUMPKIN: A bill to amend the sev-
eral acts making- provision for the payment to vol-
unteer troops in the Florida campaign of 1837 and
1838, for losses sustained by them.
By Mr. ROBERTS; A bill to regulate the ap-
pointment of cadets in ihe Military Academy of
the United States at West Point, and for other
purposes.
By Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut: A bill
in relation to assignee* in bankruptcy.
By Mr. WHITE: A bill for the relief of the
"Winnebago Indians.
By Mr. WOOD WORTH: A bill to establish an
Executive Bureau.
By Mr. PRICE: A bill to continue in force an
act entitled "An act making an appropriation for
' the payment for horses lost by the Missouri vol-
unteers in the Florida war,'* approved June 15,
1844.
Mr. LUMPKIN presented the. memorial of Low-
ry Williams, of Cass county, Georgia, who seeks
indemnity for damages sustained by him in being
dispossessed of his improvements contrary to the
stipulations of the 10th article of the Cherokee
treaty of 1835. Referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, <frc.
The following Petitions and Memorials were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. WICK: A joint resolution of the General Assem-
bly of' the Stufe of Indiana, on tho subject of the claim ot'
Col. Francis Yi«*o. A joint resolution of the same, on the
subject of pre-emptions in the Miami reserve. A joint re-
solution of the same, on tho mbject of the Michigan city
Inuhor. A joint resolution of the same, on the su'lyecl of
improving western rivers, A memorial of the American
Jmlisin Mission Association. Additional papers in support
of tho chum of James MeAvoy, of Indiana, now pending
before Hie Committee of Claim*.
By Mr It. SMITH: The memorial of 054 citizens of the
State of New York, in favor of making the public land*
f'-oe to actual settlers in limited quantities: referred to the
Committee on l'ublic Lands.
Hv Mr. WUfGUT: The petition of Francis 1). Murphy,
of iWwmk, NewJeisey, in reference to a new method of
snrvevnu?: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
){yMr. S AWT ELLIS: The petition of Nathaniel Cole,
jr., of Palmyra, State of Maine, for a pem-ion on account
of injmies sustained in the late war with (Jreut Britain.
By Mr. Tl BBATTS: The memorial of citizens of tho
city ot Covington, praying that Congress may pass, at as
early a day as practicable, in order that it may become the
law'ot the land, the bill to guard against steam-boiler ex-
plosions, (amendatory of the law of l&'ft*,) reported by the
Committee on Commerce, in the lluuhe of Kcpresentativertj
at the Ut sos-ion of thc>Hth Conjjrfvs.
By Mr. HOWLIN: The petition of Wm. Turney, of St,
Charles county, Missouri, pinyimj compensation for back
jK'm-ion b'Mueen 1and lfib: rci'ou'et) to tho Committee
on Invalid
By Mr. CfLLS: Tho petition of Hector Perkins, prayinn
foi arrears of pension : ictl-ircd to the Committee 011 invalid
Pensions.
By Mr. W. 11CNT: The pioeeedtngs of a public meeting
at Ulcott, ,\7cw York, asking Congress to improve the har-
bor of Eighteen Mile creek. A petition fiom citizen* of
Niagara county, New Yoik, for the same purpose.
By Mr. VVILMOT: Tin* petition of John C. Varruee, a
revolutions^ soldiei, a>kiny fm <m meienM* of pension: 10-
fbrred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. COODYEAR • The icinonstiance of A. O. Parker
and 37 other citizens of Otsego county, New York, protest-
ing against the admission of Texas into the Union as a
hlavo tftut". A like remonstrance of James Van Valken-
hurjjh and 'JO others. A like remonstrance of Henry J.
Smith and k2.  others. The petition of Joseph 10. Noitii,
piaying for a pension: referred to the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions.
By Mr. MOSELEY: The proceedings and petition of a
public mcctim* of citizens at the port of Cattaraugus creek,
New York, praying for an appropriation to complete Cat-
tarHugu* harbor: icferred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. htvl)l)ONT; The petition ut GVmgc; 11. Read, of
Richmond. Virginia, for allowance of compensation foi ser-
vices us inspector, alleged to ha\e been withheld by the
Jormer collector of the port of Richmond: refuted to tiie
Committee onClaims-
By Mr. IfELLETT: The petition of citizens of William-
son, New York, praying that moasures.be taken to estab-
linh a congress of nations for the settlement of national dis-
putes.
By Mr. KTANTOX: The petition of James Montgomery,
for the adoption of certain impi overrents 111 the use of steam
in the  n\ul and revenue service: referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. The petition of William Lamphier
and Joseph Harris, for compensation for certain services
p':rfoimcd in the cu-tom house of Alexandria: referred to
the Judiciary CommiTf.jc.
By Mr. ANDERSON: The petition of Kay Tornpkm?, in
behalf 01 himself and otheis, asking remuneration for
money dno to Daniel I). Tompkins (deceased) for services
(iunna the late war: icferred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
By Mr. ATHWART: The petition of Thomas Onjrc, of
Pcnnsjlva.ua, piayineCongress to authorize an experiment
to te-t the value of a model, invented bv him, of ball-ptoof
vwls for the naval seivico: roteired to the Committee on
Naval Allans-.
By Mi. WOOD: The petitions of Nancy G. Van Rens-
selaer, and ol Jonas D. Piatt, for pensions.
By Mr. WILLIAMS. The pemion ot Nchemiah Small,
of fjubec. Maine, for payment of tubing hoimtvdne schooner
Arj,ns. The petition of citr-wii* of the gtale of Maine, ask-
in u an appropriation lor improving the navigation of Taun-
ton nvei at the fall.*, in Fullhan, m ^aid State preferred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Jly Mr .J. A.ROCKWELL: The petition of Anna Rissel,
widow of Samuel I^ssel, prajing for a pension: referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pension".
By Mr. JACOB THOMPSON: The petition of William
Briscoe, and Eliza. Ins wife, heirs of Peter B. Bruen, of the
State of Mj^sj-^ippi, for arrears of pension: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. W. G BROWN: The petition of G. W. Stewart
and 620 others, citizens of Brooke county, in the State ot
Virginia, praying Congress to extend to the manufacturers
of fire brick the same protection that is given to other
branches of American indu&try: referred to the Committee
on Manufactures.
Bv Mr. CATHCAIIT: The petition of E. W. N« Ellis and
1 others, of Goshen, Indiana, praying Congress to make ap-
propriations to construct a railroad to Oregon: referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
By Mr. HUNGERFORD: The petition of citizens of New
York, for the erection of three light-houses on the river St.
Lawrence. The petition of citizens of New York, for the
construction of a dredging machine for the use of Lake On-
tario and the river St* Lawrence: each referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 14, 1846.
petitions.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate an ad-
ditional document in relation to the memorial of
officers of the army, on the subject of brevet and
staff rank; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEVIER presented the memorial of the
chiefs of the Seneca nation of Indians, praying that
the annuities due to them under treaties with the
i United States, and of which they have been de-
i frauded by Government agents, may be paid to
j them: which was referred to the Committee on
i Indian Affairs.
Mr. S. also presented a memorial of the same
party, praying that authority may be conferred
upon the trustees of certain funds invested for their
benefit, to transfer said funds to the United States
for the better security of their annuities; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DAYTON presented a remonstrance of citi-
zens of New Jersey, against the admission of
Texas into the Union as a slave State; which was
laid on the table.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition of citi-
zens of York, Maine, praying indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 18U0; which was referred to
the Select Committee to whom matters of the
same kind were referred.
Mr. F. also presented the memorial of Jemima
Flood, widow of a deceased revolutionary soldier,
praying a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of Philip
Pcarec, praying the right of pre-emption to a tract
of land; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented the memorial
of citizens of Connecticut, praying the adoption of
measures to settle all international difficulties with-
out recourse to war; which was laid on the table.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a joint resolution, pass-
pd by the Legislature of Indiana, in favor of an
appropriation for the improvement of the harbor
of Michigan city, in said State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the memorial of
Edward Bolon, praying compensation for his
trouble and expense in keeping in confinement cer-
tain persons charged with the violation of the laws
of the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims,
Mr. W. also presented a resolution, passed by
the Legislature of Florida, in favor of the passage
of a law authorizing that State to relinquish a cer-
tain township of land, by legal subdivisions, and
to enter other lands in lieu thereof, and to select
I any portion of the lands granted for seminaries of
learning, public schools, fixing the seatofGovern-
ment, or internal improvement, in legal subdivi-
sions; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. YULEE submitted a document relative to
the use of the United States property as a court-
house for the circuit and county courts in Florida,
the establishment of a jail in St. John's county,
and the repair of the bridge across the St. Sebas-
tian river, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEVIER presented the memorial of the
chiefs of the Seneca nation of Indians, praying that
the United States will secure to them the full
amount of their annuity under the treaty of 1843,
which the present investment of their funds" does
not yield; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition of citi-
zens of York, Maine, praying the adoption of
measures for insuring the peaceful adjustment of
all international difficulties; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
