1840.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
Mr. NILES presented the petition of Maty, the
widow of Jeremiah Ripley, asking a pension in
consideration of the revolutionary services of her
husband; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. N. also presented the petition of the heir of
Zephaniah Sampson, a revolutionary soldier, pray-
ing a pension; which Was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DICKINSON, pursuant to notice, asked
and obtained leave, and introduced " A bill to
' amend the act entitled 'An act for the regulation
' of seamen on board the public and private vessels
' of the United States;' " which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. MILLER, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave, and introduced "A bill explanatory
' of the 4th scction of 'An act making appropria-
' tions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
' Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
' 1846, and for other purposes,' approved March
' 3d, 1845:" which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. M. also, pursuant to notice, asked, obtain-
ed leave, and introduced "A bill to incorporate the
Columbian Fire Insurance Company;" which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States.]
INTERFERENCE OF EUROPEAN NATIONS
WITH AMERICAN STATES.
Mr. ALLEN asked leave to introduce the Joint
Resolution of which lie Rave notice yesterday,
declaratory of the principle by which the United
States will be governed in regard to the interposi-
tion of the Powers of Europe in the political affairs
of the independent nations of America.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
JOINT RESOLUTION declinatory of tin- principles liy
winch the Government of the United Ktates will lu> gov-
erned in regard to flic interposition of the Powers of Ku-
rope in tliepnlineal nil",urs of America.
tlcsolved Inj the Semite anrt House of Ilejiresentutwc? of the
I'tn'eit State* oj' ./tmerirn. in Congress itsirmbletl, Tlnu recent
manifestations of a disposition by certain Powers ot Ktiropo
to in telle to in ttio political arrangements of tins comment,
with a view to the enforcement of the European ptinciple
of the " balance of power," upon the independent nations
of America, having made it, in Ilia judgment, the duty of
the President of the United States to call the attention ol
Congress to this subject in ins Animal Message, and to an-
notinee, on the part of the United States, tile counter prin-
ciple of non-intervention, it is the judgment of Congress
that the announcement thua made by "tin* t'resideui, was
demanded by the manifest hazard to winch such interfer-
ence would inevitably expose tile relations of peace now
subsisting between the Old World and the New.
Resolved, That Congress thus coucun-ins  with the Provi-
dent, and sensible that this subject has been forced upon the
attention of the United States by recent events so ,signifi-
cant as to maice it impossible for this Government longer to
remain silent, without beins ready to submit to, and'even
to invite, the enfoicement of this dangerous doctrine, do
hereby solemnly declare to the civilized world the unalter-
able resolution of the United States to adhere to and to en-
force the principle, that any effort of tile Powers of Europe
to intermeddle in the social organization or political arrange-
ments of the Independent nations of Amenea, or further to
extend the European system of Government upon this con-
tinent by the establishment of new Colonies, would lie in-
compatible with the independent existence of the nations,
and dangerous to the liberties of the people of America,
and therefore wt nl i incur, as by the rii;htof self-preserva-
tion it would jrstity, the piompt resist,uicc of the United
States.
Objections were heard from several quarters, as
the question was about to be put on its first read-
ing; when
Mr. JARNAGIN asked if leave to introduce
the resolution had been granted.
The CHAIR replied that the question of leave
had been taken for granted.
Mr. ALLEN asked that it might be read a first
and second time, for the purpose of reference.
Objections were again made, when
Mr. CALHOUN expressed a hope that a reso-
lution which appeared to be of great importance
would not be introduced without the question of
leave being first decided. He trusted that it would
not be taken for granted. He did not himself com-
prehend the full import of the resolution; and he
believed there were not five Senators who did. He
called for the reading.
The resolution was again read; when
Mr. EVANS asked what was the question be-
fore the Senate ?
The CHAIR. If the Senator from Ohio shall
have leave to introduce his resolution.
Mr. CALHOUN said that every Senator must
be aware, in the present situation of the country,
that this resolution called on the Senate to make a
declaration which called for the most solemn delib-
eration. It would be matter for serious considera-
tion , if this resolution was introduced and acted on,
how far we are disposed to give effect to this decla-
ration. No man could view with stronger feelings
of indignation than he did the improper interference
of the TEuropean Powers with the nations of this
continent. And he would take this occasion to say
that, as far as his information went, the interference
of Prance and England with the concerns of the
Government of Buenos Ayres was an outrage, high-
handed in its character, and without precedent in the
history of nations. But the greatquestion presented
by this resolution was, whether we should take un-
der our guardianship the whole family of American
States, and pledge ourselves to extend to them our
protection against all foreign aggression. Had we
arrived at that state of maturity when we could wise-
ly and effectually do so ? Was this to bo the under-
stood aildsettled policy of our Government? If so,it
would become necessary for us to pursue a differ-
ent course from that we have heretofore, adopted.
The entire energies of the country must be concen ■
trated and put forth to enable us to carry out this
policy, if we intend that our declaration shall mean
anything. Tie regretted that, at this moment, such
a question should be urged on the Senate. He was
fearful that, in the eyes of the world, it would have
the effect of in juring our character for wisdom and
moderation, and of still further perplexing other
questions which were now pending. The President
had, in liis message to Congress, made the same
announcementas is made by this resolulion. Why
.should we not, for the present, be satisfied with this
announcement? He knew that the views thrown
out by Mr. Monroe, on this subject, did not meet
with the approval of some wise Heads m this coun-
try. He was then comparatively young in expe-
rience, and they were approved by him; but hi! had
understood that, negotiators who were then abroad
complained that it had produced an unfavorable
effect on certain claims which were awaiting ad-
justment. Certainly, no practical benefit hnd re-
sulted from the declaration, as it bad been followed
by no action on the part of our Government. In
a great crisis, like the present, he was afraid that
we were disposed to act without that solemn delib-
eration and forethought which the exigencies of
the times required of us. We appear to have reach-
ed a point at which two roads branch off before us,
the one leading to the right, and the other to the
loft, and fatal may be the consequences if, instead of
a wise and well considered selection of our course,
we hastily and rashly choose the path of error and
danger. On the measures of this session may de-
pend the destiny of our country. He was for sol-
emn deliberation even on the question of receiving
such a resolution as this. He regretted that the
chairman on Foreign Relations had introduced it,
as ho, would prefer to leave the matter where the
President had placed it. He hoped, therefore, that
the Senator from Ohio would not urge the introduc-
tion of his resolution at this time.
Mr. ALLEN said he had not been without ap-
prehension that even this proposition might en-
counter opposition. But he was certainly not pre-
pared to believe that on the mere question of leave
to introduce his resolution, he should meet with
this opposition. It was not his purpose, at this
time, to go into a discussion of the principles im-
bodied in the resolution, or to reply to the sugges-
tions which had been urged by the Senator from
South Carolina, further than to say, that the Presi-
dent having recommended this subject to the con-
sideration of Congress, if Congress should remain
silent, and thus leave the declaration of the Pres-
ident unsupported by the balance of the Govern-
ment, what then would be the condition of the
case? The President acting in conformity with the
obligations of the Constitution, which require htm
annually to communicate his views relating to
public affaiis to Congress, communicates to Con-
gress, in his Annual Message, certain acts of for-
eign powers calculated injuriously to affect the in-
terests of our country and which he regards as of
sufficient importance to require a specific announce-
ment. By the Constitution he is required to make
this communication to Congress. Therefore he
has addressed himself to Congress; and having so
addressed Congress, should Congress remain si-
lent, that silence would be a negation of what the
President has laid down—a declaration to all Eu-
rope that, as far as this principle is in question, it
is not recognised by the people of the United
States, so far as the legislative branch is concern-
ed. This is a proposition not found floating in
the air, liable to be caught up at random, and
brought before the Senate, but presented by the
President, in the performance of the duty specifi-
cally enjoined on him by a clause in the Constitu-
tion, for the consideration and sanction of Con-
gress. It is, therefore, substantially before Con-
gress—before Congress,under circumstances which
will make the silence of Congress amount to a ne-
gation of the principle laid down by the President.
How far this principle ought to be extended, and
what is the precise character of the interference
which ought to be deemed sufficient to justify this
declaration on our part, are subjects for the delib-
eration and decision of this body. These will
properly arise, whenever the Senate shall think
proper to take up the subject for consideration, and
then Senators who may entertain diverse opinions
on these points, will have the opportunity of illus-
trating their views in propositions to amend the
resolution, if it shall be deemed amendable.
But in regard to the material principle laid down
iu the Message of President Monroe, twenty-one
years ago, which had been before the people, and
which was sanctioned by President Polk in Jjis
Message, as to the propriety of that principle, he
believed theie could be no hesitation, even o.i the
part of the scrupulous Senator from South Caro-
lina. But he (Mr. A.) felt he was.not at liberty
to :;'o into this question at large, nor was it his in-
tention to do so He had not asked the immediate
action of the Senate upon the resolutions. He
had merely introduced them in the form of a joint
resolution, which would come up in its natural
order in a day or two, in the form of a law, which
would require all the tardy solemnity of the law
before it should reach its consummation. He de-
signed, if the Senate did not turn his proposition
out of doors, to move its reference to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, where he desired that
it should receive the investigation the gravity of the
subject deserved; and that a report should be made
indicative of the sense of the Senate on the sub-
ject. It would then come to the Senate for its final
consideration and action. That was all he desired.
He had never before heard of any objection to the
introduction of a measure which had been brought
to the attention of Congress in the solemn form of
an Executive message. One case, he believed, had
occurred, in which objection was made to a bill
relative to something connected with the Bank of
the United States. That was a totally different
affair. He had never heard objections stated to
the introduction of a measure recommended by an
Executive message, so as to prevent the considera-
tion due to its source. The Senator from South
Carolina thought that, at that particular time, they
should remain silent; but in his (Mr. A.'3) judg-
ment, this was the particular time when a consid-
eration of the resolutions was called for. He
believed the Annual Message of Mr. Polk had re-
ceived the approbation of the American people to
as great an extent as any document which ever
emanated from a public functionary of the United
States. His declaration on the subject would be
found substantially a reiteration of the declaration
made by Mr. Monroe; and, as far as his observa-
tion went, it never had encountered opposition
from any American mind. That he conceived a
very substantial reason for the presentation of the
subject.
And now a word as to the timing of the matter.
The language of the President is as follows :
" In the existing circumstances of the world, the
'present is deemed a proper occasion to reiterate
' and reaffirm the principle avowed by Mr. Mon-
' roe, and to state my cordial concurrence in its
' wisdom and sound policy. The reassertion of
' this principle, especially in reference to North
' America, is at this day but the promulgation of a
' policy which no European Power should cherish
' the disposition to resist. "—President Pnlk's Mes-
sage,
The President, (continued Mr. A.,) in his Mes-
sage to Congress, said he deemed it imperative on
him, in the existing circumstances of the world, to
reiterate the principle—to call the attention of Con-
