1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
well argue that our experience has proved that the
conventions, so far from assisting the negotiations,
have retarded them. Sir, during this long period,
the life of'a generation, diplomacy has exhausted
itself. It is time to cease this diplomatic trifling.
It is time to assert our rights, and firmly to main •
tain them. In order to do this, we must change
the face of things. We must alter the circumstan-
ces by which we have heretofore been fettered.
We must brush away the cobwebs which have been
suffered to be woven over the subject, obscuring
the vision both of England and ourselves. I ask
if there be not force in this position? We have
tried negotiation under these conventions for a
period long enough to have settled a dozen such
questions, if there had been any real disposition on
both sides to settle it. Shall we not now try what
success we shall have in the absence of these
conventions? This course commends itself to our
judgment. We have tried the one with complete
failure—now let us try the other. May we not at
least hope for better success in the altered circum-
stances? What will be the force and power of the
new circumstances which we propose to bring
about? When this notice shall have been given, the
United States and England will stand untrammelled
-—relieved from all embarrassing agreements what-
ever—naked before the world—each standing upon
its own proper rights. They will stand face to
face, looking each other in the eye, and perfectly
conscious of the dread alternative which will fol-
low a failure to adjust the dispute by a treaty,
They, will deeply feel the absolute and pressing
necessity of anncable action. Shall we not bring
it to this crisis. Does any one fear it? I ac-
knowledge it is dangerous; but not more danger-
ous than a tardy and temporizing policy. Here
are Sylla and Charybdis. We must pass. Shall
we not grasp the lielm sternly and firmly, trusting
to our prudence and skill to guide us through the
dangerous abyss?—or shall we beat about listless- j
ly> backwards and forwards, uncertain what shall I
be our course, yet perfectly conscious that sooner j
or later we must endure the peril ? !
Sir, when things shall he brought to tins point, I
must war necessarily follow? In the nincloenth i
century, with all its boasted ci\ ilization and moral-
iry, must two great nations fear to come up boldly
to the adjustment of a great question, lest a deadly
conflict may ensue? Can England go to war m the
face of the late correspondence between her Min-
ister and ours? I assert she cannot, she will not.
To maintain that she will, argues a want of con-
fidence 111 the strength of our title, which nearly
every gentleman here has admitted to be clear and
unquestionable. When England shall see that
this long-existing negotiation must be settled,
promptly and fairly, she will be willing to make a
settlement of it which we may honorably accept.
The honorablo gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Conn,] who comes to the same conclusion tiiat I
do, said the other day that England would never
accept the proposition made by Mr. Polk. Doubt-
less she will not, so long as this convention shall
remain. Perhaps it is not her interest to do so.
Neither will she, as Mr. Polk in his Message
declares, make any offer which wo could possibly
accept. But, sir, 1 have but little judgment if,
when the convention shall be terminated, and this
great question shall press upon her with the weight
of a dreadful alternative, she do not then agree
to settle it upon terms which ought to be satisfac-
tory to us. I do not mean that she will be fright-
ened or bullied into terms; but I mean that "she
will be swayed by the same motives which ought
to sway us—a desire to avoid war, and to adjust
the difficulty upon a basis that shall be fair and
honest. A distinguished gentleman from Virginia [
[Mr. Hunter] has said he will not agree to'give j
this notice, because, if it will not bring war, it will j
force the settlement of the question upon the basis
of the 49th parallel, and he is so well satisfied of
the strength of our title to the whole, that he would
deplore such a settlement of the dispute. Sup-
pose, sir, the next steamer from England should
bring the news, in authentic form, that the British
Government had instructed Mr. Pakenham to ac-
cept the late offer of our Government, which he
did not accept when made : what would we then
do? Would that gentleman—would any other
gentleman on this floor—take the responsibility of
refusing such an opportuity to dispose of this dan-
gerous business ? Could any Administration jus-
tify itself before the country by such action in
such an emergency ? I know not what may be
the feelings of the President on this subject; but
for my own part, I should hesitate long, I should
reflect deeplr, before I would sacrifice the peace
and prosperity of two great nations, upon such
a point. But England must act promptly and
speedily. Delay will justly justify us in asserting
our right to the whole territory. And if we fight,
we shall certainly fight for the whole—ay, sir, for
more. We can make no more offers. Our Pres-
ident has offered as much as any President ought
ever to have offered—more than one should offer
again.
But, sir, how do these gentlemen propose to get
the whole of Oregon by maintaining the present
posture of affairs ? Is the existing convention most
favorable to us or to England, so far as the posses-
sion of the country is concerned? In my judg-
ment, England is strengthening herself every day.
This she is doing in a double aspect. She is
strengthening her pretended claim of title; for
however well we may be satisfied that neither our
offers of half the country to England by way of
compromise, nor these conventions which express-
ly reserve the rights of each, affect unfavorably
our title; yet I aver there is not a gentleman on
this floor who, upon the naked question of title,
would not wish that these offers had never been
made—that the two conventions had never been
adopted. We may say that the treaty does not
recognise the "joint occupation," yet we cannot
rid ourselves of the feeling that some sort of joint
rights are acknowledged. I believe, sir, the strong-
est show of right which England can present is
that which arises from this very thing. She argues,
because we have offered her much, she must be
entitled to more. And she can say, with great
plausibility, she is at least entitled to as much as
we have offered her.
Now, sir, the longer this convention exists, and
the more frequent oilers we make her, the stronger
will be her pretended claim. She will presently
set up a presenptive right under the operation of
the convention. I desire to prevent this as far as
possible. Let us give the notice, in order to pre-
vent things from growing worse with us. Let
things at least remain as they will be now upon the
termination of this convention, since it will not
better them to continue it.
But it is not only m this manner that England
is strengthening herself in the Oregon Territory:
she is increasing her population; she is erecting
fortifications; she is arming and manning them. It
is well known there are no American settlements
noitli of the Columbia rivet, and American citi-
zens will not be permitted to settle there, if they
should, under present circumstances, even desire
to do so. Rut they will not do so, for the simple
reason that they do not feel secure. They are not
satisfied of the policy of this Government, in refer-
ence to that part of the territory. Sir, they will
not settle there until this Government shall take
some step which will assure them of its aid and
protection against British power.
I ha\e already said we could never consent to
sm render any portion of the territory below the
forty-ninth parallel, and I have attempted to give
my reasons for believing that England has no
plausible pretext whatever for any claim of title
south of that line. Now, it is well known, and I
believe fully admitted, that unless we obtain the
country at least to that line, we lose the most valu-
able part of it; we get no valuable harbors; and,
so far as the commercial importance of the region
is concerned, we might as well give up the whole
territory. This tieing the state of things, and Eng-
! land, through the Hudson Bay Company, having
| possession of that part of the territory, what is to
j be the course of our emigration, if things remain
as they are' I believe emigration will in a great
! measure cease. It has been only the hope that our
I Government would take this great step, and assert
i our title at least to some valuable portion, if not to
all the territory, which has caused the stream of
emigration to setm that direction. Can our people
become strong there if they are shut out from the
harbors, and in that way deprived of any partici-
pation in the advantages of commerce? What in-
ducement is there for emigrants from the United
States to seek that country under such disadvan-
tages ? The gentleman from Virginia spoke of the
advancing population of our country proceeding
westward, on a line of a thousand leagues, at the
rate of half a degree of longitude every year. Let
it be remembered, however, that this tide cannot
advance over the Rocky mountains. The Pacific
coast must first be settled, long before the in-
tervening space can possibly be filled up. The
tide that will roll onward from that quarter will
meet the advancing tide from this. In my judg-
ment, it is a chimera to suppose that the settle-
ment of the country will be effected in any other
way. Then, sir, the difficulty remains, how shall
our people get a firm foothold in that territory ?
You must clear the way for them; you must re-
move the British forts from the north side of the
Columbia river; or, as has been forcibly observed,
you must at least untie the hands of those who go
there.
But, sir, suppose the convention continued; and
suppose, against all the obstacles 1 have named,
our people should continue to flow into that coun-
try: what is to be the result ? If England will not
give us the country without the existing conven-
tion: will she give it to us with it? Will she re-
move her forts ? Will her people quietly abandon
their stations to ours? Will England—will the
Hudson Bay Company—calmly look on and see
our people silently or forcibly supplanting them—
and that, too, when a convention exists between
the two countries, guarantying some sort of equal
rights to the citizens of both ? By what sort of a
process are our people to root out the British ? Do
not gentlemen know what the Hudson Bay Com-
pany is doing? Do not gentlemen know the mili-
tary organization and formidable power of that
monstrous corporation which seeks to run the ca-
leer of its great prototype—the East India Com-
pany-—that operates just over on the other side of
the Pacific ?
I find, sir, in the fourth volume of the narrative
of the Exploring Expedition, a copy of the obliga-
tion whic.li the Hudson Bay Company requires of
all its servants. They give their bonds " to de-
vote their whole time and labor to the service of
the company;" " to perform all work or service,
by day or by night;" " to obey all orders;" "with
| courage and fidelity to defend the property of said
I company, their territories and factories;" " to de-
l fend the rights and privileges of said company;"
"and, if required, to enrol as soldiers, and attend
all drills and exercises necessary to acquire a
knowledge of the duties required," &c. Here is
a perfect military organization, and it exhibits very
plainly what are the designs of that monstrous
company. It warns us that our advancing tide of
population will not be permitted to trespass upon
what it considers its territories.
Is not tlus the true state of things in that distant
region ? If it be not, why are our people calling
upon us for aid and protection? Why do our peo-
ple all settle south of the Columbia? and ivhy are
they dependent upon the Hudson Bay Company
for all their commerce? When will these tilings
be altered, if this convention shall continue > When
will our people begin to settle north of the Colum-
bia river ?
Bat, sir, England knows very well the situation
of things in Oregon. She is, perhaps, better in-
formed than we. If she is ready now to fight for
this country—if she has made her determination
not to give it up without a gi eat contest—and if we,
as gentlemen suppose, are gaming by the existing
arrangement—will she not terminate it herself? But
when did England ever make the first movement
towards that measure? Now, this is a plain prop-
osition : if England will go to war rather than
yield us our rights, and if we shall certainly ad-
vance towards the acquisition of the territory by
the existing convention, then she will herself give
us the notice, which we hesitate to give her. Par-
sighted as she is, she will bring on the contest now,
before we shall have grown strong enough in that
quarter to accomplish our stealthy design. If Eng-
land does not now pursue this course, if she holds
on to the convention, I argue that she, at least, does
not believe time will benefit us more than her
And I, sir, am disposed to learn wisdom from her
example, believing that where our interests are op-
posite, our policy ought to be also. If she would
hold on to the convention, I would instantly termi-
nate it.
It is, perhaps, scarcely necessary to say anything
of the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Hjlliaro]. I consider it of no con-
sequence. If its object or its effect be, as some gen-
tlemen allege, to throw the responsibility off the
shoulders of this House, I have no disposition
