202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«T tiTi. 14*
thus to evade a duty "which belongs to me. I ac-
cept my share of the responsibility, knowing that
whatever may be the consequence—whether peace
or war ensue—the cause of our country is just in
the sight of God and man. But the amendment is
of little importance, since the President has already,
in his Message, told us he believes now is the ap-
propriate time to give the notice. Should the reso-
lution, with the amendment, be adopted to-day, he
would give the notice to-morrow. It might weak-
en the influence of the measure upon the action of
Britain. She might well suppose that the Legisla-
ture of the notion had exhibited less firmness than
the Executive, and that it would tremble, in a cer-
tain contingency, to sustain him by those ulterior
measures which the crisis might render indispensa-
ble. I hope we shall present an unbroken front-
that we shall fully sustain the President, not only
in the noble stand he has already taken, but in aJl
other measures which the honor and security of
our common country may at any time require.
Mr. Chairman, I have said all I have to say on
this subject. I cannot lay claim to any practical ex-
perience in statesmanship. The reasoning I have
attempted has satisfied me that the proposed notice
cannot, of itself, affect the question of peace or war,
and that every consideration of policy and interest
requires us to give it without delay. I respect the
opinions of those who dili'er from me, and I sin-
cerely regret that such dillercnces exist. I shall
follow my own convictions with a due sense of the
solemn responsibilities under which I act, leaving
others the same liberty which I claim, without suf-
fering myself for a moment to doubt their integrity
and patriotism.
I solemnly believe that gentlemen who think war
will come aie mistaken. 1 earnestly pray that peace
may continue to wave her golden wings, and scat-
ter her rich blessings over our happy country, and
that those bright visions, which gentlemen have
pictured as destined to gladden our hearts, under
the auspicious eye of this hovering angel, may never
be blasted by the blood-stained demon of war. I
woo the favor and the continued presence of this
guardian spirit with my deepest devotion. I would
sacrifice much, I would suffer much to detain her.
But if she must depart—if she is destined to take
her sad " flight from earth to heaven again," then
welcome the black tempest of war! Welcome its
terrors, its privations, its wounds, and deaths ! We
wiil sternly bare our bosoms toils deadliest shock,
and trust in God for the result.
Mr. >S. having concluded—
Mr. GORDON obtained the floor, and spoke for
about half of his privileged hour, lie said that,
at this late and protractcd stage of the debate, his
disposition to take part in it was much less than it
had been at its commencement. Indeed, so much
had been said, in such a variety of forms—from
the grave to the gay, and from the sublime to the
ridiculous—that it was almost impossible to say
anything new, or anything old in a new form.
Still, having manifested quite an early disposition
to address the committee, he had a few words to
say. He had a vote to give, and reasons to assign
for that vote, for which he alone was responsible.
The President of the United States (continued
Mr. G.) has recommended to Congress the termi-
nation of the joint convention of 1827, by the giv-
ing of the twelve months' notice provided for by
that convention; and, in order to justify that recom-
mendation, he has stated his reasons for it. He
has informed us of the offer of compromise made
to the British Government, through her Minister
resident here; and he has also reviewed the whole
history of the negotiation, from the year 1818 down
to the date of his Message; and the question now
is, shall Congress adopt the recommendation of the
President? Shall we direct that notice to be given
which he believes necessary to be given, to secure
the rights of the United States in the Oregon Ter-
ritory? Or shall we decline, and refuse to execute
and carry out the recommendation of the President,
and present to the civilized world the spectacle of
a gieat nation divided in its councils—divided not
only among ourselves into parties, but even the
Democratic party split up into factions on so great
and grave a subject? _
Gentlemen say that the notice is cause and ground
of war, and that we arc not prepared for war. I
deny that the giving this notice is either a just
cause of war, or any ground whatsoever of war.
It is provided for in the convention itself. We
have the same right to give the notice to terminate
that convention that Great Britain herself has; and
who will dare to say, here or elsewhere, in solemn
and serious argument, that if Great Britain gives
ns notice, we have a right to declare war against
that Power for the adoption of a measure provided
for in the very treaty now under consideration? Sir,
it is not this notice which would lead to war, or
that would be the cause of war. If war is to grow
out of this controversy in the Oregon Territory, it
will come of those measures which everybody
avows himself ready to go for; which measures, in
that distant region, would bring British subjects
into conflict with American citizens, and the Amer-
ican Government with the British Government.
This it is that will enkindle the flame of war, if
war is to grow out of the controversy between
these two Powers.
Gentlemen have painted the horrors of war in
the most vivid colors and the most haggard fea-
tures. But what have we ever lost by war that we
should disparage it? Nothing. On the contrary,
we have gamed everything By it. For what we
are, and what we possess, we are indebted to war.
The old French war nursed in its tent thy young
Hercules of America, and trained him up for the
Revolution—a general the bravest of the brave,
whose fame as a warrior outshines that of Alex-
ander, Cffisar, or Napoleon. His deeds in arms
are the pride and boast and honor of the great na-
tion he founded. The revolutionary war resulted
in the establishment of these United States. The
last Avar with Great Britain gave the freedom of
the seas to the commerce of the world. The next
war with that power will expel hei from this conti-
nent. Though a peace-loving people, we are,
when aroused in defensive war, the most warlike
race ever clad in armor. Let war come, if it will
come; boldly and fhmly we will meet its shock,
and roll back its wave on the "fast-anchored isle
of Britain," and dash its furious flood over those
who raised the storm but could not direct its course.
Ours is the last people, in a craven spirit, to beg for
peace. In a just war, as this would be, on our
part, the sound of the clarion would be the sweet-
est music that could greet our ears. It will not do
to attempt to intimidate the citizen soldiers of this
great Republic with threats of aggressive war, if
you mean to preserve the peace of nations.
Should war be declared, New York would not
be absent at the call of the roll. Her position,
commercial and geographical, is such that she must
sustain the brunt. From that responsibility she
would not shrink, but freely and fearlessly assume
it. She prefers peace to war, but war to dishonor.
But, sir, there will be no war—there will be no war,
because our rights are paramount to Great Brit-
ain's, and because Great Britain is aware of our
determination, our valor, and our resources.
But it is said we are not prepared for war. Sir,
we are as much prepared as we ever were in time
of peace, or as, I trust, we ever shall be in time
of peace. We are as much prepared now as we
were when the Revolution broke out; we are as
much prepared as we were when war with Great
Britain was last dcclai ed. If love of country and
a devotion to republican institutions—if the right
of citizens to bear arms in time of peace—is pre-
paration for war, then are we prepared. We have
more than two millions of fighting men, with arms
in their hands, sleeping on their guns, and we have
eighteen millions of people, ready and able to feed
and clothe and sustain them in the conflict. We
have all the raw materiel of war; we have the re-
quisite skill, capital, and machinery to make that
materiel useful, and to convert it into instruments
of defence. We are prepared for war—not, to be
sure, by a large expensive navy, nor by a standing
army. It is not our policy to suckle armies and
dry-muse the land; and until I shall be satisfied
that war is to come, and that we are to have an
aggressive war by Great.Britain,I shall not be pre-
pared much to enlarge either the army or the navy.
I repeat, then, we are as much prepared for war
to-day as we ever shall be, or ever ought to be, in
time of peace. I would rather lose battles during
the first year of a war—I would rather lose all the
campaigns for the first year, than I would consent,
in time of peace, to build up a large and expensive
navy, or to establish a standing army, when no
war might come. The cost of the army and the
navy, the injury to our free institutions, would be
greater far than any declaration of war, coming un-
expected upon us, even though for the first year
we might suffer defeat. But, sir, 1 repeat, we are
ready; we have two millions of fighting men, with
arms in their hands, ready at the call of their coun-
try to march to the front of the battle whenever and
wherever the cloud of war might lower.
In order to ascertain whether this notice should
be given or not, it is necessary to understand what
are the rights of Great Britain, and what the rights
of the United States, under this joint convention
of 1818, indefinitely continued by the convention
of 1827. By this convention it was provided that
the citizens, subjects, and vessels of Great Britain
and the United fstates should be free to enter this
territory, its bays, harbors, creeks, and rivers, there
to trade and traffic with the natives. There is no
power given to Great Britain to exercise sovereign
acts of authority; but under this treaty, which gave
certain privileges to British subjects, but none to
the British Government, what has that Govern-
ment done ? In the first place, she has incorporated
tlie Hudson Bay Company, or rather the North-
western Company—a second East India Compa-
ny—and she has given to it the monopoly of the
whole trade of this Northwestern territory—thus
denying to her own subjects those very rights and
privileges which were ceded to them by this con-
vention. She has gone on, in violation and in de-
fiance of this treaty, to establish courts of civil and
criminal jurisdiction, to build her forts in every
section, and to establish a military government
over the entire territory. The Government of
Great Britain is at this moment firmly established
in all that territory. Under this joint treaty, which
gave to her subjects certain trading privileges, of
which she has deprived them, and conferred upon
a corporation, Great Britain has gone on to estab-
lish a government—military, civil, and political.
Her flag is erected on every fort—numbering some
thirty—and she is now, by her flag, proclaiming
her right of dominion over this territory. And
what, in the mean time, have we done? Nothing.
While we have been sleeping, under the influence
of this " masterly inactivity," she, step by step,
has been encroaching upon this territory, and
claiming it as her own. Whilst we have had scru-
ples about this treaty, she has violated it at every
point; and instead of suffering her subjects to go
there and trade, she, under the pretence of taking
carc of them, and keeping in check the savage In-
dian tribes, has established a government there as
complete and as perfect as that existing under the
East India Company charter. It maybe said that
this government is necessary to control these In-
dian tribes, to regulate trade, and to protect her
own subjects. If, in connection with these acts
of soveieign power, she had not claimed the terri-
tory itself, there might be some pretext for the ar-
gument. But the quo animo of these acts had been
made manifest by her claim to the territory itself.
She has exercised the highest sovereign power,
and, at the same time, has claimed the territory
and the soil, and refuses to acknowledge our rights
within it.
I believe that no gentleman who has spoken in
this House, nor any one out of it, has pretended
that we are to surrender any territory south of 49°.
And yet, unless we give this notice, and extend our
laws and jurisdiction over this territory, all the ter-
ritory south of 49°, and north and west of the Co-
lumbia river, is as certain to fall into the hands of
Great Britain, as it is certain that she is now there
asserting her claim. Until the notice is given, and
suitable measures are adopted for their protection,
I will venture to say that no American citizen for
one hundred years to come, will undertake to set-
tle north of the Columbia. The territory north of
the Columbia has been occupied by British forts,
and settlements, and subjects; and not an American
citizen has gone, or will dare to go, north of the
Columbia. Whether they are to be bought up, or
tomahawked, or to have the Indians set upon them,
is immaterial. Go there they will not, until such
time as this Government shall assert its just rights,
and show the people there that they are to be pro-
tected by all its power, under the just claim which
we possess.
What will be the effect of continuing this con-
vention ? It will give all this territory south of 49°
and north and west of the Columbia river, to Great
Britain; and this is what is called "masterly inac*
tivity." Oregon on time! the South Carolina poli-
cy ! which would to-morrow fiercely wage war
against the world for the conquest of Cuba or Cali-
fornia, (I will not say Mexico, because I do not
believe she wants it,) but would rather that the
