THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1846.
New Series....Wo. 14.
. On motion, it was
11 Resolved, That when the Senate adjourn, it should
adjourn to meet on Monday next, in order to give
the committees time to act upon the business laid
before them.
Mr. BERRIEN presented resolutions passed by
the Legislature of the State of Georgia, upon the
several following subjects:
A resolution requesting the Senators and Repre-
sentatives from that State to urge the propriety of
establishing a national armory and foundry in said
State; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Also, resolutions in favor of the settlement of
the claims of that State against the United States
for .services of her militia; which were referred
to the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a resolution requesting the Senators and
Representatives of the State of Georgia to use their
exertions to procure the repayment of the duties
paid by her on iron used in the construction of the
Western and Atlantic railroad; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, resolutions in favor of a division of that
State into two judicial districts; which were referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, resolutions in favor of the publication of,
and distribution by Congress anions: the several
States of the Union, of the reports of the decision-!
of the Supremo Court of the United States; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
A.bo, a resolution in favor of the establishment
of tho following mail-routes, viz: from I.a Grange,
Georgia, to Chambers Cimrt-hnu*o, Alabama;
from La Grange, by Franklin, to Wi'doince, Ala
bama; from Lit Grunge to Franklin, in (Jeor^ia;
from La Grange, Ueor"'ia, to Tallhottom; fiom La
Grange to Columbus, Cfeor^ia, and m iavor of ad-
ditional facilities in other mail-routes; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Olfice and
Post Roads.
Also, a resolution in favor of removing the post
office ;U Statesborough to the court-house m Bul-
loch county, in that .State, and tho establishment
of a mail-route from l)ahione;r:i} Georgia, to Ren-
ton, Tennessee; which was referred to the Com-
snittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a resolution m favor of the establishment
of a mail-route from Marietta to Uahlpnega, and
from Cassville to Holly Creek, in said Slate; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Oillce
and Post Iloads.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN",
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business; and, after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, when
The Senate adjourned till Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 15, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit- i
tees in their order, for reports. \
Mr. BOYD moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the :
Union; but withdrew the motion on the request of
a number of members, so as to enable the commit- '
tees to be called through. !
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MOULTOX, from the Committee onlnva- :
hd Pensions, made adverse reports upon the peti-
tions of Benjamin Hunt, and of John Farnham; '
which reports were laid upon the table. it
Air. JOSEPH JOHNSON, from the Committee ,'j
on Revolutionary Claims, made a report upon the |l
case of tho late Jonathan Dye, accompanied by a i
bill to authorize the payment of seven years' half- !]
Eay of a lieutenant, due on account of the death of |!
.ieutenant Jonathan Dve, an officer in the Vir- ''
14 •
ginia continental line, and wbo was killed in the
Battle of Brandywine:; which bill was read and
committed.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
made adverse reports upon the petitions of Deerin
Farrar and Robert Brady; which reports were laid
upon the table.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, made a
report in the case of Mr. Frost; which was agreed
to.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report upon the petition of Peter Shaffer.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH moved that the said re-
port be committed to a Committee of the Whole
House to-morrow: agreed to.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. McCLJERNAND, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referied the bill to re-
duce and graduate the price of public lands to ac-
tual settlers, reported an amendatory bill in the
following form, to wit:
i " Be it enaeted hy the Senate rwd House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
fill ot the lands* ot the United States wlueh shall have been
in maikot for ton, or more than ton yeaivi prior to the time
ot'application to enter the name under the provision* of tins
aet, and «till remaining unsold, shall he subject to sale at
the price of oue dollar per aeie; and all of the lands of the
United Stat« s which shall have been in market for tifteen,
or more than fifteen yeare, as n(bre-.;ml, jmd >tili iematmn<:
unsold, shall hi." mhjeot to sale at th*; puce nf M-ventv-live
cent* pt?r aero 5 and all ol the* lands, of tho United States
winch Khali have been  n market f.a twenty, 01 nunc than
twenty yeai->, a-, a'onsaid, andstiil leui.ttnintj unsold, shall
he Mijhjoet to <lt the pi u e of Jim e.'til> per acie ; and
all oi the lands of the Ignited State> winch Mini! haw been
in market tor hvenh'-five, or moie than twenty-Jive vears,
a-t aioroi-aid, and still lenmintnt,' infold, shall he subject to
.sale at the priee of twenty-live eetit^ per juno; ami all of
the lauds oi the lrnited States w hieh &hail have he^n m mai-
1 ket at the pn.-sn^e of tins act, or anytime thereatter, for any
! p.-nod ol timly, or mon: Ihan tlmh j'eas,-, and Mill temain-
1 my unsold, shall he, and the •-ai.ie are herehj, ceded and
( fot ever absolutely ve.-tcd in the State-, ie^pcctivcly in which
j ihev lie.
; £k Ki;<\ 2. .? (/ be itfiother ontc/o*, That overv poison ap-
phitiir for an> of the rime-aid land-; ot the lrniled Stales,
tinder the ptovt-oon* of this act, shall be requited lirsttomake
adida\it, bofoic the r*!fu-->t ;r or ieceivoi of the. piopcr land
office, that he or she enteis the same fbr his oi hei own use,
for the purposes of actual settlement and cultivation hyand
for Inm or herself, or for the use of an adjaeent termor plan-
tation owned and occupied hy lum or herself, ami that, to
irether with said entry, lie or she has not acquired fiom the
United Status under the provisions of this act more than
three hundred ami twenty acres of hind, aeeindms; to tin;
public surveys thereof; and if any person taking sueli oath
by affidavit, shall swear falsely in the piemises, he or she
shall he subjeet to all of tho pains and penalties of perjury:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed
to prevent any person from entering or purchasing tho land
of the United States, at the price of one dollar and twenty-
live cents* pei aeie as now authorized and provided by law :
Jhul provided, also, That the quantity of hmd, which the
President of the I'mted States shall hereaftei pioeiaim and
oiler tor ^ale in any one jear shall not exceed live millions
oi' acres. This act bhall take eii'oct six months lioni and
after in pa^uie.''
Ordered, That the said bill be committed to a
i Committee of the Whole IJouse to-morrow.
| Mr. McTlENRY, from tho Committee for the
! District of Columbia, made a report upon the peri- j
. tion of James Dixon, accompanied by a bill for las
I relief; which bill was rood a first and second time,
: and committed to a Committee of the Whole House
to-morrow.
Mr. BARRINGER, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, made au adverse report upon the peti-
tion of L. T. Pease and James M. Smith; which
report was laid upon the table
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill to ennhle the President of
the United States to hold a treaty with the Men'o-
monte Indians in the Territory of "Wisconsin, ac-
companied by a renort in writing; which bill was
read and committed.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports upon the petitions of Chas. Robey ,,
and Willis Stephens; which reports were laid upon !j
the table.
Mr. LAWRENCE, from the Committee on
Commerce, made a report upon the petition of
Ehenezer Wheelwright, accompanied by a bill for
his relief; which was read and committed.
On motion of Mr. GORDON,
Ordered^ That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of
A, Hathaway, and that it be committed to the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of
the Union,
On motion of Mr. HOGE,
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of
Wm, J. A. Bradford, and that it be laid upon the
table.
Mr. D. P. KING, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, made a report upon the case
of Nathaniel Bird, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read ana committed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported bills of the following- titles,
viz:
A bill for the relief of the owners and crew of
the schooner Tancred;
A bill for the relief of tlie.owaers and crew of
the schooner Florilla;
A bill for the relief of the owners and crew of
the schooner Henrietta, accompanied by reports in
each case; which bills were severally read, and
committed to the Committee of the Whole House
to-morrow.
Mr. HOGE, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report upon the petition of Robert
bewail, which was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. TH0A1ASS0N,
Resolved, That that the Committee on Invalid
Pensions impure* into tbe propriety and expedi-
ency of placing Benjamin iveilm, of Kentucky,
upon the pension roll.
The bill fiom the Senate, entitled "An act for
the relief of David E. Williamson, of PojDe county,
ytatc of Arkansas," was read, and referred to the
Committee 011 Public Lands,
CONV10A"TfOJN" WITH PERU.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on foreign Affairs, reported a bill to carry into
effect the convention between the United States
and the Republic of Peru, concluded at Lima on
the 17th day of March, 1841.
The bill having been read twice by its title,
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL desired that it might
be put on its third reading. Its object was merely
to authorize the payment out of the treasury of
money paid into it by the republic of Peru, and
which could not be drawn out of the treasury with-
out an act of Congress.
Mr. T1BBATTS suggested the necessity, under
the rule, of the commitment of the bill, inasmuch
as it proposed to appropriate money.
Some conversation on that point (after the bill
had been read through) took place.
After which, the ISPHiAKER having expressed
his opinion that commitment was necessary,
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
OREGON.
_ On motion of Mr. BOYD, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
tne Union, (Mr. Tibbatts, of Kentucky, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the joint
lcsolution fiom the Committee 011 Eoreign Atlairs,
providing for giving the twelve months' notice to
Great Britain ot the termination of the convention,
of 1827, respecting the Oregon Territory.
Mr. COCIvE was entitled to the floor, and' ad-
dressed tlie committee m opposition to the resolu-
tion of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. He
declared himself m fa\ or ol a peaceful policy, firm-
ly maintaining all^ rights fairly ours, holding our
o\v n, but doing injustice to none. He contended
that, inasmuch as neither our honor had been in-
volved, nor our flag been insulted, it was piopcr for
Congress to pause—to reflect well upon the meas-
ures it would adopt, and see what, effect they would
have upon the great interests of the country.
[As this speech is in course of preparation, a
more extended report of it is, at the request of
Mr. C., omitted for to-day.]
Mr. C. having concluded,
