210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15,
Mr. BEDINGER obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee throughout his hour.
[At the request of Mr. B., the repoit of his re-
marks is also withheld. His speech is m course
of preparation, and will be given at an early day.]
Mr. MORSE followed. He said:
Mr. Ciiairmav: I had hoped that the committee
would have risen; first, for the few hours of prepa-
ration it would have afforded me; and secondly,
not to have been compelled immediately to follow
the eloquent gentleman from Virginia; "but as the
House desire to hear another speech, I will go on.
Air. Chairman, as I may possibly separate from
some of those friends with svhom 1 have been in
the habit of acting in this House, and as I shall
give a different vote from the one I gave on a simi-
lar proposition last year, I desire to state brieily
the reasons which have influenced me in ihe deter-
mination to vote for this notice; and I state in ail
frankness that it is with reluctance that I follow
the gentleman from Virginia, for it is not an affec-
tation of modesty when I assure you that it is not
in my power to entertain the House with any of
those eloquent and patriotic appeals, those meteor-
ic ^ flashes of wit, or that strong vein of humor,
with which this u iscussion has been from time to
time enlivened by so many gentlemen who lmve
preceded me in the argument on the resolutions
upon your table.
•Nor is it my intention to make a speech to pre-
pare the minds ond hearts of the American people
fur war. I yield to no man m my admiration of
the policy of peace, which his, in the short period
of thirty years, advanced our country almost to
the front rank m agriculture, commerce, and man-
ufactures, and which, if persevered in fin* thirty
years more, must place her first in all those great
elements of national wealth.
And while 1 believe, m a just quarrel, these
United States " are confident against the world in
arms," I cannot agiee with some of our western
friends, that the American eagle -will sweep the
cross of St. George from this continent, and throw
the British lion into the Pacific, without the ruffle
of a single feather.
Sir, this notice will never be the cause of war.
Oregon will never be the cause of war. It may be
the pretence; and if so, it will be a war of princi-
ple—monarchy against republicanism, the aristo-
cratic few of God's anointed against the Oi pollui
of the democracy—and it cannot but be a bloody
war; but with a fiun reliance oil ihe continuance
of that Divine protection, and the trusty blades of
nitlhon<? of fieemen, who own no rulers but of
their choice, I have no fears for the ultimate result.
It seems, then, to be conceded, with perfect, una-
nimity, that we have a clear title to the territory
of Oregon up to 49°, and by a very large major-
ity of this House, to the whole country up to
54° 40'. h/very member, I believe, who "has thus
far addressed the committee, has satisfied himself
rhat Oregon is ours. Whether deducing our right
from the discoveiy of Captain Gray in J.790; from
the exploration of Lewis and Clark; from the
treaty with Spain in 1819; from contiguity of terri-
tory; or from manifest necessity, that fact may be
assumed in this discussion. J shall, therefore,
leave the title out of view, and proceed to offer a
few remarks on the course which, in my judgment,
it becomes the Government to pursue in the main-
tenance of its just rights, and the steps necessary
to be taken to put our citizens in possession of
that territory which all admit belongs to us, but
which, by some diplomatic legeidemoin, seems
now more to belong to Great Britain, or rather the
Hudson Bay Company.
What is the present condition of this question?
After a fruitless negotiation for a number of years,
the President informs us that he offered a compro-
mise on the parallel of 49°, which was instantly
refused, and that he has withdrawn the proposi-
tion; and negotiation, if it has not come to a close,
has at least made a very sudden halt. Shall we
reopen this vexed question—reargue the same old
propositions—go through the same diplomatic twist-
ings and turnings, without the least hope of ever
reaching the end proposed ?
Tf the success of our negotiations on the north-
ern frontier afford us any standard to jud^e of
the advantages of prolonging this—if the right to
trade and establish trading positions, without a
claim to a single foot of the soil in fee-simple, has
grown so strong by the national laws of prescrip-
tion, that England now indignantly refuses nearly
one-half of the whole territory, with the navigation
of the Columbia river twice superadded, I concur
heartily with the President, that the sooner the
notice for the cessation of the joint occupancy is
given, the better; and this brings me to the discus-
sion of the measure immediately before the House.
Is it proper to give this notice tit this time ?
The President thinks so, and has so recommend-
ed in his message. Has one single argument been
adduced to justify the postponement of this noticc?
Have gentlemen any hope that negotiation will be
able to effect anything more than it has done ? But,
say gentlemen on the other side, this will bring on
the war.
I draw no such inference. The only effect will
be, to get the ultimatum of Ensrland. And here 1
answer the question of the gentleman from Virgin-
ia—If England were now to reconsider her refusal,
and propose to accept the forty-ninth degree? and
it is this: If this joint occupancy still continues,
we are bound, infuro conscienticc, to acccpt it. But
once give tins notice, and this Government may
take 40°, or refuse it,. without the violation of any
international good faith, express or implied.
The principal—indeed, I may say the only—ob-
jection which I have heard uiged by any member
on this floor is, (assuming this to be a war meas-
ure, which I utterly deny,) that we are not suffi-
ciently prepared to maintain our rights at this mo-
ment. When will we be stronger? Will it be to-
day, to-morrow, oi in five years? The American
people will never in time of peace consent to tax
themselves to support large standing armu-s or
powerful fleets for on emergency thar may never
happen—for a war infuturo. it must be a war in
esse, and then their purses and swords will always
be freely placed at the disposal of your President.
Sir, we all have read the story of a people— ■
scarcely three millions of souls—who, m resisting !
a simple Parliamentary enactment touching some ■
ten or paper, which they might use or not—when j
a Luge minority of that people were, jf not op- :
posed, disposed to he neutral; without money or
credit; branded with a traitor's name, and threat-
ened with a felon's grave,—defied that Power who
had studded the earth with fortifications, and
whitened the ocean with her sails, and for a prin-
ciple, engaged m an eight years' war with that " na-
tion, upon whose dominions the sun never sets,"
and tk forced the English linn to acknowledge the
independence of the American eairle." Sir, it was
ilien proposed to delay this question of piincijde.
What Virginian—nay, sir, what American—has
not felt his heart bound in his school-boy days
at the indignant rebuke of the forcst-born Demos-
thenes?
Sir, there is a more recent event, quorum minima
pars fui, when it was proposed to admit a revolted
province of a sister Republic into this Union; and
great and wise politicians discoursed most learn-
edly about the advantages of delay; that it must
ultimately certainly be yours; and although the ac-
oiedited minister of that sister Republic demanded
his passports, and threatened tear, we did what we
thought our duty, regardless of all consequences.
What constitutes the difference between the cases
now, and then? Was it because our right to an-
nex Texas was considered a violation of the treaty
with Mexico? I will not pursue this inquiry far-
ther; but, for my single self, I have a little of that
feeling " that would rather rouse a lion than start a
hare."
But I will pursue the argument for this notice.
I would not vote for the notice last year, because
wc were hourly expecting an amicablc compro-
mise, although I could not well understand what
there was to compromise, if, as gentlemen say, the
title to the whole of Oregon is ours, and because
1 would not willingly give cither the strongest or
the weakest nation any reasonable grounds of of-
fence; because I would not lightly hazard the
hope of a satisfactory settlement of this question;
because, not having the same means of ascertain-
ing the situation of the negotiation which belongs
to the President, I would not interfeie "with his
policy on that subject. But now, te.npora matan-
tar, ct, &c. When negotiation is virtually at an
end—when the English Government has, for the
fourth and last time, I hope, refused the parallel
of forty-nine degrees, and has concluded to wait
for a more equitable offer on the part of our Gov-
ernment—when the President has signified his
wish to give this notice, and has called -upon this
House to show by their vote that they think with
him,—shall we grow circumspect at last?. Shall we
throw distrust upon our title, not only up to fifty.-
fhur degrees, but even to forty-nine degrees? or
shall we lead the English GoVernment and the
world at large to believe that we will ever offer a
better compromise than we have before offered—
forty -nine degrees twice, with the navigation of the
Columbia river superadded ? "Perish the thoughts- 0
never, never, never. lago-Ukc, to the Pontic sea,
whose icy current and compulsive course knows no
returning ebb," we will never recede one inch from
our just pretensions to Oregon.
Sir, this notice does not invole a war. Is is not
provided for in the convention ? Is it not carrying
out the treaty? Bid the contracting Powers so
deem it when the treaty was made ? On the con-
trary, would not the aiming of your additional
regiments, building your stockades, and all and
eaclr of the acts for which those gentlemen, who
call themselves peculiarly the peace party on this
question, be a violation, if not of the letter, at least
of the spirit of the treaty? This, I apprehend,
was the intention of both the high contracting
Powers, that whenever each Government should
have offered its ultimatum, and whenever it was
ascertained that this vexed question could not be
settled by negotiation, that at least a year's notice
should be siven, that a sufficient time should be
given to both countries to prepare to withdraw
their commerce from each other's ports as much as
possible; in short, to give time for reflection to
both countries to determine whether their titles
were sufficiently strong to justify the arbitrament
of the sword. "This, it strikes me.is the common-
sense view of it, else why was the year's notice
nisei ted ? It certainly means something. Do gen-
tlemen suppose that, upon the receipt of "this no-
tice, England intends to declare war? I cannot
bring my mind to any such conclusion. This joint
occupancy is a unilateral contract. England, with-
out any title, has all the advantages to be derived
from the use of the whole territory; and we, with
the clear title to the whole of the territory, dhide
the occupancy. I am no prophet, nor the son of a
prophet, but 1 venture the assertion, that this ques-
tion never will be settled, either by negotiation or
even by arbitration, if this country -were weak
enough to submit to it; and the title to Oregon will
he in abeyance until the people of that country*
finding that the tenure by which they hold their
property so unstable, declare themselves indepen-
dent; whit h I presume England desires, and which
time will most assuredly bring about.
You must recollect, sir, that there are other par-
ties more deeply interested in ihis matter than
yourselves; the people of Oregon themselves feel
the want of a " local habitation and a name;" their
feelings, interests, sympathies, and everything,
lead them to attach themselves to you; and unless
you throw over them the cegis of American liberty,
you cannot expect that they will wait forever the
termination of a negotiation, which England never
will put an end to, and which you seem equally dis-
posed to continue, without the least expectation of
a satisfactory adjustment.
England don'tdesireOregon; shemay desire such
colonists as she has in the East; the population
of Oregon would require too much trouble to keep
quiet under her monarchical institutions. They
are made of sterner stuff than to be moulded to her
iron will. Nor did she want Texas; she would not
have taken it for a gracious gift.. But she desired
to see Texas an independent Government, and an
adjournment of the last Congress, without the
passage of the Texas resolutions, would have lost
that beautiful star in our glorious confederacy. I
need not recapitulate the arguments. Had I been
a Texian, I would never, after being twice rejected,
have applied again for admission. The recognition
of her independence by Mexico—national pride—
everything would have conspired, and the glorious
policy of inactivity would have lost us Texas then,
and the same policy, if persevered in now, will lose
us Oregon. She will never belong to England; but
they must have a government firmly established—-
recognised by all the world. Her language is,
W here shall we go ? If you do not settle the mat-
ter, of necessity we must have a government of our
! own. England, with a perfect knowledge of the
i strength of both titles, knows thatourGovernment
will never recede from 49°; but she farther knows
that there are men of high standing in both parties,
who have expressed themselves favorable .to the
independence of Oregon, and she is perfectly wil-
