214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1(5,
pie might go to that territory, and settle in the
"way that had been suggested.' in the present ex-
cited staie of the public mind, there was danger
that the question, if left open, would lead to a col-
lision between the two Governments—that it would
lead to a collision in Oregon; and we all knew
that the death of the first individual who might be
killed there would surely bruig about a collision
between the two countries.
Another question had occurred to his mind in
relation to the existiug British laws m relation to
this territory: and also as to those proposed by
our own Government. On this point, he thought
there had been decided misapprehension. The
impression had been universal that the law of
Great Britain referred to by the President—the act
of 1821—applied only to British subjects in Ore-
gon. Such was not the fact. The law of 1821 
so far as all contiacts and all civil injuries, and,
for aught he knew, all causes* were concerned, ap-
plied to the whole population of the country—
American and British. So far as these subjects
were concerned, its operation was as general as
in Canada; and for twenty-four years Great Brit-
ain had exercised a direct sovereignty over the ter-
ritory—for there was no higher exercise of sover-
eignty than the law-making power; it included nil
others; and, according to the \ery definition of the
term, was a rule of action prescribed by the su-
preme law of the slate.
Mr. R. here quoted from the Pre xulent's Mes-
sage, and from the British acts of 1st and 2d of
Geoige III, and 43 of George ill, to sustain his
views, and referred to the act reported from the
Committee on the Territories, to show that as to
civil offences the same provisions existed.
Here, then, (\Fr. R. said,) there were to be two
systems of law extended over the same territory
and people, and coming directly m conflict with
each other. This idea of a joint sovereignty was
perfectly impracticable. There might he a joint pos-
session, or a joint occupation; but eoruuulv there
could not be a joint sovereignty. Kithei to, indeed,
no difficulty had arisen, because theie had bten a
disposition on either side that there should be
none. But it was manifest that, looking to the
excitement that prevailed>on this subject, and after
we should have sent out large numbers of our peo-
ple, and they themselves .should have increased in
number, such cases would arise; and the fust that
happened would product; collision. Thus it ap-
peared that Great Britain sub ulcniio, without chal-
lenge or inquiry, exercised exehun e jurisdiction
and so\eieignty o\ej the whole of Oregon, m vio-
lation of the spirit of the convention of 1818, and
in express violation of their own agreement of'
1826; and that all American citizens there were
subject to be tried by J5ritn.il courts, in proof of
this, Mr. it. referred to the diplomatic papers of
that date.
lie then proceeded to touch on the origin and
history of the Hudson Bay Company, and of the
powers which it exercised, and to show that there
were several provisions* of iVh\ Douglass'& bill,
besides that relating to civil injuries, which would
have a tendeney to produce collision.
What, then, (Mr. R. inquired,) was to be done.-'
Peace was desired by all. How was it to be ob-
tained? Not by declamation, on the part of ibis
House, about driving the British from (he conti-
nent, and sweeping British vessels entirely from
the sea in a few days, os he believed some very
valiant gentlemen proposed; not by bidding de-
fiance to the whole world, nor by undertaking, by
one violent stroke, to extend our territory and our
laws over the whole continent. SoVne gentlemen,
indeed, talked about our manifest destiny being to
extend our limits until we were ocean-bound, but
by what right or patent, whether received from
the Almighty or any other source, lie had not yet
found out. Not by means such as these could
peace be preserved. And in this connexion, Mi.
R. took occasion to descant fieely and jocosely on
the part which some of the beasts ot the field ami
the fowls of the air had been made to play in this
debate—especially the eagle and the liori; and lie
reminded gentlemen, as to the former, that there
were two other instances, one in ancient and the
other in modern history—Rome and France—
where the eagle had been the emblem of em|>iies—
the one falling to pieces by its own weignt, and
the other grasping every inch of territory, until
it had come to be regarded as kostis humuni generis,
and had arrayed the woild against it.
As to the notice, aside from die acts of our Gov-
ernment, the notice itself was no war measure,
it was provided for in the convention. But, con-
nected as it was with what the President had said,
and with the running commentary which had been
made on it here by those holding high stations—
such as the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs—and from other sources, it was a war
measure, or most probably so. It was not a de-
claration of war, but it presented a certain impedi-
ment to negotiation. And what did the President
himself say on this subject?
" The extraordinary and wholly inadmissible
4 demands of the British Government, and the re-
' jeetion of the proposition made in deference alone
' to what had been done by my predecessors, and
' the implied obligation which their acts seem to
* impose, allbrd .satisfactory evidence that no com-
1 promise which the Unheal States ought to accept
4 cr.n bo effected. "With this conviction, the pro-
* position of compromise which had been made
' and rejected, was, by my direction, subsequently
4 withdrawn, and our title to the whole Oregon
1 territory asserted, and, as is believed, maintain*
1 cd by irrefragable facts and arguments.?>
And agam ;
" At the end of the year's notice, should Con-
4 gre.ss think pioper to make provision for giving
' that notice, \\<; shall have reached a period when
* the national ri^.htb in Oregon must, either be aban-
doned or firmly maintained. That they cannot
1 be abandoned without a sacrifice of both national
* honor and interest, is too clear to admit of doubt."
What nation (Mr. 31, a kcil) was it ^supposed j
that we were dealing with, when this language j
was used? if we took possession of the whole j
country, (and 4< the whole or none" was now the j
watch-w ord?) was Great Britain ^oing to stand j
quietly by and sec us do it? (hntlcmen might ■
depend upon it that those whom we should ha\e ;
to turn out would he apt to i;i\e us .some trouble, j
The idea of Great Britain allowing her eili/.ens u>
be thus turned out of the tenitory she claimed, j
without a struggle, was p  rilctjy idle. What na- ,
tion on the face of the globe ga\e to her citizens a ;
protection so perfect and efficient as England gave > j
And yet gentlemen supposed that there was to be |
no war crowing out of these hostile acts. |
Allusions had been made in the course of the |
debate to the large army thai the British had in ,
Oregon. lie was informed that there was not a!
British soldier in the whole territory- There were !
persons connected with the Go\einmcnt m the
forts and stoclcad '«, but not a single aoidirr, :
Gentlemen labored under a great misapprehension
on this point. The course of CJreat Britain in that I
tenitory had been of the most pacific character, j
No violence of any hind had e-v r been committed j
by those connected with the Hudson Bay Com- j
pany. On the contrary« K was said by that his-;
torian who hadgiven the best account of the Hate ;
of things in Oregon, that those who arrived there;
met with the kind' ;• ( and mont cordial reception. i
It certainly seemed lo him that there had been ;
something w rong, or deficient at h-iwt, m the course '
of the Administiation, or its loading supporters, on i
this question. Tim cry on their pari, or on the '
part of many of them, had been ail peace. Yet the -
mensnms brought forward lo.ie did not v, ear the ■
aspect of peace. )? there was to he pence, and if
it was mtendid to adopt only such measures as ■
would tend to it.i preservation, why wex: we to
ha\e these false alarms? If there was danger of -
war—imminent danger—(curd such he believed ■
there would be, if the mea^nics introduced here
were to be carried out)—lie wondered why it was
that some proviMon hod not been reported for arm- ;
mg our Ibrnlh attorn--, and foi increasing our army, :
ns (here had been for an increase of our navy. For '
his own past, he would oppo.se no appropriations :
that might be required with a wow to place the ■
(ountry m a .state of defence. Piudenee required ;
that much at our hands. If, as appeared to be the |
case, the whole negotiation was at an end, it seemed ;
to him that measures ought to be taken to put the
country in a proper stale of defence.
Mr. R. concluded his lenru ks by a eulogy on the
patriotism and fidelity of lus constituents, who, (he
fcaid,) though they were opposed to war, and be-
lieved it unnecessary, and would hold to strict re-
sponsibility those who might unnecessarily bring
that Numigc upon us, would be found faithful
Before taking his seat, Mr. R. indicated an
amendment which he proposed, when in order, to
offer, arid which was read for information. [It is
the proposition introduced by. Mr. Crittenden
into the Senate, proposing, Rfter setting forth on
the fiice of the joint resolution the amicable design
of the notice on the part of this Government, to
confer upon the President, discretionary power to
"ive it, under the reservation, as to time, that it
should not bo given until after the close of the
present session of Congress.]
Mr, POLLOCK desired to discuss very briefly
the subject under consideration; and although he
believed he had a " clear and unquestionable" title
to the whole hour, he might " compromise" with
the House, and perhaps not go " beyond 49' min-
utes, or at farthest, upon the principle of progres-
i sion and expansion, he might be inclined to occupy
| "54 40." , , . .
I In common with many gentlemen who had pre-
i ceded him, he congratulated the House and the
country that this question had now risen above
: party considerations. Parties, he acknowledged,
! weie not without their uses in republican Govern-
■ incuts; they were as necessary for the preservation
J mid purity"of republican institutions as the storms
' that agitata old ocean are for the purification of its
I mi hty mass of waters. But this question was an
I American question; a question of American sove-
j reality: a question of American rights of soil; and
| he for one would protest against its hem? degraded
I to a mere party question. We have rights in Ore-
| £on; we have lights to Oregon; this will be adpiit-
1 ted by all, although gentlemen may honestly differ
ai 10 the extent of those rights. Our rights, then,
! whatever they are, to Oregon, must be maintained;
I they can never be abandoned.
| Mr. P. proceeded very briefly to refer to the
I question of title. In his humble opinion, we had
I a title to the whole of Oregon, superior to that of
; any other nation on the face of the globe. Our title
' to "49° was clear, and ought to be unquestionable.
' Between 49° mid f>4° 40' theie was, he admitted,
! Mime room for cavil. No gentleman in this House
! pretended to deny that Great Britain had claims to
; the country north of 49°. Whether these .claims
: amounted to rights—rights'to be regarded by the
i United States, and to be enforced by Great Bri-
! tain—was another question. And that these claims
i had been, to some considerable extent, recognised
! by the Government of the United States, must also
! lie admitted with equal unanimity. Our title to Oie~
! lion had been set. forth and maintained by horior-
1 utile and most talented men, from the venerable
! Gallatin down to the present Secretary of State;
! and that, with as much talent, skill, and profound
! knowledge of the subject, as had characterized the
I discussion of any other question between our Gov-
! eminent and other nations. The question of title,
i thus determined, thus spread out upon the record,
I has been submitted to the country. The argument
' of the Secretary of State was conclusive, so far as
! regards the claim of Great Britain; and the^only
j right she had to claim anything from the United
| States rests exclusively on the fact, that we have
! recognised that claim in our negotiations with her
1 in 1818, 1824, 1896, 1827, and 1845, in various
' ways. Setting aside our claim growing out of the
! Spanish title, Mr. X5. considered that our right, by
j the discovery of Captain Gray of the mouth of the
, Columbia, loliowed by our subsequent settlement
. at Astoria and elsewhere, taken together with the
; exploration of Lewis and Clarke, and with our
• contiguity of possession, was such a right, on the
' part of the United States, as would be good against
the world. By the principle of national law, that
i the discovery of the mouth of a river, when fol-
I lowed by a settlement in a proper time, it was his
II opinion, that our discovery of the mouth of the,
'! Columbia gives us a title to 53°—for geographers
: | had established the fact that that river drains the
i. country up to 53°—thus leaving but 1° 40' of dis-
|| putcd territoiy. But, in addition, the Spanish
!i title acquired by the United States, which, al-
though it might have been considered antagonisti-
!; cal to ours, in our hands was united and merged
j' with, and strengthened, if rteed be, our own title,
i! rendered the American title certainly unqualifiedly
| better than the British title. Mr. P. alluded to the
j j claim oil the part of the British Government of that
! portion of the territory drained by Fraser's river,
ij from the British discovery of the mouth of that, riv-
|| er; and referring to the fact that that discovery was
made during the continuance of her Nootka Sound
