1840.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
" adjudication of these claims. If the Government
had collected this money for the individual citizens
I of the country, they themselves should defray the
further expenses incurred in determining to whom
it belonged, and how it should be divided.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee submit any motion?
Mr. JONES moved to strike out the $2,000 pro-
posed to be paid to the Attorney General for his
adjudication; but, at the suggestion of gentlemen
around him, modified his motion so as to strike
out the entire fourth section.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, in explanation of the
object of the bill, stated that the Republic of Peru
had paid to the United States, for spoliations upon
our commerce, three hundred thousand dollars,
■which was now in the treasury of the United States,
and had been there for more than twelve months,
payable to certain claimants for whom this Gov-
ernment had received it. In the case of the re-
coveries from Spain, from France, from Mexico,
and, if he mistook not, from several other Powers,
the method had been to organize a Board of
Commissioners—three Commissioners, with a
salary of three thousand dollars each, and a
clerk, with a salary of two thousand dollars—
for the purpose of adjudicating these claims,
and determining to whom the money should be
paid. In this instance, it being but a small sum—
three hundred thousand dollars—it was thought
better economy that this should be done by the
Attorney General, by allowing him the compensa-
tion of two thousand dollars for performing this
duly, instead of appointing three commissioners,
with a salary of nine thousand dollars; and by
allowing the clerk of the A«orney General one
thousand dollars, instead of two thousand dollars,
the sum paid to tlio clerk of the Board of Commis-
sioners. The very distinguished gentleman, the
Attorney General of the United States, had had
nothing to do with the business—he (Mr. I.) had
had no conversation with him about it. The bill
had been prepared at the last session of Congress,
and then the whole matter had been arranged be-
tween him (Mr. I.) anil the then Attorney Gt n-
ernl of the United States, and that without n dis-
senting ^ oice ill the Committee on Foreign Allah's.
It was necessary that some person should be quali-
fied with judicial faculties and powers to adjudicate
it. The Attorney General was supposed to be the
proper person; and as to the objection of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, that the Attorney General
receives a specified salary, he had to state that nei-
ther by law, by practice, or by principle, were du-
ties of this kind required of him as Attorney Gen-
eral. 11 was no more a part of his duty than it was
of the duty of the gentleman from Tennessee or of
himself, (Mr. I.) It was an extra duty; and a case
in point was that of a bill which was now on their
table, giving a compensation to the Chief Justice of
the United States for extra business, for passing
upon the title to the Pea Patch island. The Attoi"
ney General might take fees from any client; and
the United States might as well employ him as to
employ any one else. It was doe that the Govern-
ment should protect its own citizens, and recover
from other Governments indemnities for spoliations
committed; and it would be very hard for those citi-
zens—who, he would say to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Gordon,] were principally mer-
chants of New York—to be at the expense of the
adjudication. It had always been customary to
pay the money out. of the treasury, and not make
the fund bear the charges. It would be contrary to
every precedent and to all principle. And surely
the sum proposed wa§ a very small one. It was
impossible to procure any qualified person for a
smaller sum. He flattered himself that there was
no reason for the objection; and he hoped the gen-
tleman from Tennessee would not persist in it.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON, with reference to that
portion of the remarks of Mr. Ingersoll in
which he based the proposed mode of proceeding
upon the precedents in relation to the adjudica-
tion of claims of our citizens upon Mexico, Spain,
and other Powers, argued that there was no par-
allel between the cases. Here the sum of $300,000
had been collected by our Government from ano-
ther Government, for a portion of our citizens.
. The expenses of its collection had already been
incurred by this Government. The Government
had protected its citizens by extending its author-
ity and the strong arm over them; it had collected
the money, and the proposition was now to dis-
tribute it. For whose benefit was this distribu-
tion? In the case of Mexico, the commission, it
would be remembered, was appointed for the pur-
pose of adjudicating the claims with her, and not
for distributing the money after it was obtained.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. That was the case of
the French and Spanish claims.
Mr. HOUSTON, in continuation,remarked that
he was not as familiar with the precedents as was
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
But the case referred to, as well as the other cases,
as far as his knowledge of them extended, did not
bear out the gentleman in his position; and as the
Government had been at the expense of collecting
the money for its citizens, it seemed to him that
the fund itself should be chargeable with any other
expenses incurred in its distribution.
Mr. RHETT had no objection to the views of
Mr. Houston being supported by the House, in
case the whole section were not stricken out, as
was proposed by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones.] The bill proposed that the Attor-
ney General should adjudicate these claims, and
distribute this money, instead of having a board
of commissioners appointed. It was no duty of
the Attorney General; the gentleman could not
find in any book, or any law, that the Attorney
General was bound to distribute, ns Attorney Gen-
eral, all the claims which may be recovered by this
Government for its citizens. This bill imposed
that duty on the Attorney General, and the gen-
tleman from Tennessee proposed to strike out the
clause giving him compensation fortius seivire.
It was a new duty; and the gentleman ought to be
prepared, when by law he put new duties on ihe
Attorney General, at least to give him additional
compensation. Whether this charge came out of
the Clovernmenl, or out of the fund to be distrib-
uted, was to him (Mr. R.) immaterial. But he ob-
jected to this new and extra duly being imposed
upon this officer without any compensation there-
for.
He referred to the precedents mentioned by Mr.
I\0EP.S0i t , of the adjudications with Fiance and
, Spain, and sustained him as lo the fact of three
commissioners, m those eases, having been ap-
pointed, with salaries of $,'i,00() cach, beside a
clerk. If the gentleman fiom Tennessee, or the
gentleman from Alabama, preferred this course,
let them bring forward a proposition to adopt it;
but it was the opinion of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, as he thought it, must seem evident
to any gentleman who would look into the sub-
ject, that the better and the more economical
course in this case was for the Attorney General
to transact this business; and he trusted that no
gentleman would object to his receiving for it this
small compensation, however they might differ as
to whether it should be taken from the treasury,
or from the fund itself. These citizens to whom
the money was doe had been kept out of it for
four years, during which time it had been lying
in the treasury; and he hoped this House would
not do as had been done at the last Congress—re-
commit this bill, bat that they would pass it, so
that this money might go to those to whom it
justly belonged.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to amend the bill by
striking out, in the 4th section, the words "and
' the said amount shall be paid out of any money
' in the treasury not otherwise appropriated. And
' such contingent expenses as may be necessary
' shall be paid out of the fund for the contingent
' expenses of the office of the Attorney General;"
and by inserting in lieu thereof, the words " and
' the said amount, as well as the contingent ex-
1 penses, shall be paid out of the fund proposed
' hereby to be distributed."
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL observed that
the objections to the bill were founded on the idea
imbodied in the amendment just offered, viz: the
impropriety of paying for the distribution of this
money by the Government, and the equity and
expediency of taking such allowance out of the
fund itself. Mr. I. would only remark in reply,
how extravagant and almost absurd the principle
of that objection might become, if carried fairly
out. The Government was bound to afford protec-
tion to its own citizens; and when a foreign Gov-
ernment was indebted to them, the only mode of
redress was through the diplomatic agencies of
our own Government, or at the mouth of the can-
non. Now, it was easy to see to what a sum the
expenses of making such a demand might arise.
It might be necessary even to go to war m sup-
port of it. Would gentlemen have the whole cost
of a war to be paid for by the claimants for whose
relief the war had been entered into' They could
not themselves sue a foreign Government for what
was due them, be their claim ever so just. And
if the Government made the demand in their
name, and should put itself to ever so great an
expense in supporting that demand, still, all that
expense was incurred only in the performance of
the bounden duty of every Government, the pro-
tection of its citizens. It might cost millions, if a
war was necessary, or it might, and certainly
would, cost thousands if it were done by diplo-
macy. In this case the money had been obtained,
and only needed distribution; and was it possible
that when it came to providing for this, gentlemen
would strain at a gnat after having swallowed a
camel? Where was the difference in principle?
It was as just to charge the Government with the
cost of distributing this money as it was to charge
it with the cost of all the diplomacy which had
been necessary to its obtainment.
And on the question of precedents, the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs might
have cited, in addition to the cases he had men-
tioned, those of Naples, and Denmark, and Bel-
gium, all of which were of a similar character with
this of Peru.
But, if the amendment of the gentleman from
Alabama should prevail, and the principle be es-
tablished on which it proceeded, Mr. I. feared that
future sufferers by foreign ilepiedation would diead
the inteiference of Government in their behalf, lest
it should lesult in their being mulcted in a sum
they were not able to pay;aml, instead of petition-
ing the Government for indemnity for their griev-
ances, would be much more likely to petition that
it would let them alone. He trusted that an argu-
ment, which proceeded on a principle like this,
would not be pressed, but that the amendment
, would be withdrawn, and the bill cheerfully ac-
! quiesced m.
; Mr. GORDON said it seemed just and proper
! that, now that the money had been obtained by
! the Government, the claimants should pay the
j expenses of its distribution, which was for their
! benefit.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL desired to know of the
gentleman, as a lawyer, whether his clients paid
the salaries of the judges by whom their causes
were tried ?
Mr. GORDON. The gentleman puts a question
which has no analogy at all to the case under con-
sideration .
The Government (he continued) was unques-
tionably bound to protect its citizens as was claim-
ed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J.
R. Ingersoll.] It had done so; it had obtained
the money at a vast expense, and had safely
brought it into the treasury. Here weic a num-
ber of claimants. What portion belonged to them
individually was a question between themselves.
If they had a mind to sit down and agree to a di-
vision, very well; if they arevat loggerheads, let the
Attoiney General decide the question for them, arid
let them pay the expense. It was said by the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs that
there were precedents to justify the course proposed
by that committee in this bill; but bad customs
were had laws; and bad precedents, if they had
occurred, it was time to stop. He wished to es-
tablish here a new and correct precedent.
The gentleman asked him whether litigant parties
paid the judges in the courts of the United States?
No; but they have to pay the lawyers or the arbi-
trators. Precisely so here. But the gentleman said
these claims belong to merchants in the city of New
York. It made no difference with him from what
partof the Union they came; he would vote against
unjust claims from his constituents as quickly as
from any other portion of the Union. He hoped
the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama
would be adopted.
Mr. EWING, of Tennessee, was opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama, as well
as to the amendment of his colleague. He did not
say that it was true in regard to either of the gen-
tlemen in this case, but it was in general true ill re-
gard to propositions of this description that came
before deliberative bodies, that they were for domes-
tic consumption. He considered this question of
importance as regarded this case and those coses
which might arise herdafter under the treaties and
