220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Jan. 20.
ssntatives announcing the death of the Hon. Wil-
liam Taylor, a Representative from the State of
Virginia.
Resolved, That, in token of respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, the Senate will attend his f\i-
neral this day at the hour appointed by the House
of Representatives, and will wear the usual badge
of mourning.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER,
The Senate proceeded, in conformity with the
second of the above lesolutions, to attend the fune-
ral; on their return from which, they immediately
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 19, 18-16.
The House met at twelve o'clock, pursuant to '
the order of Satin day, for the purpose of attending ;
the funeral of the Hon. William Taylor, deceas-
ed, one of the Representatives from the State of <
Virginia, who diet! at his lodgings, at the scat of •
Government, on Friday ni^ht. After prayer by ;
the Rev. Chaplain Milburm, appropriate to the i
mournful ceremonies about to commoner—
The SPEAKER took the Chair, and the Mem- !
bers their scats. j
At twenty minutes past twelve o'clock the Sen- !
ate entered the Hall, preceded by the Vice Presi-
dent, the Secretary, and other officers. The Vice
President was conducted by the Serjeant-at-Arms
to the Speaker's stand and took a seat by the side
of the Speaket.
Then camc the Judges and officers of the Su-
preme Court.
The General-in-Chief of the army, with other
military officers. ;
At half-past twelve, the corpse was brought into
the House, preceded by the committee of arrange- ,
ment and pall-bower*, and followed by the family :
aad friends of the deceased, and the Virginia dele- ;
gation, as mourners. i
All of whom took the seats specially provided !
for them. <
A few minutes afterwards the President of the •
United States, with his Cabinet Ministers, entered ;
the Hall, and were conducted to seats set apart for j
them. j
The remains of the deceased were placed in the ;
centre of the circular space in front of the Clerk's j
table. I
The religious services were opened by the Rev. :
Mr. Tustok, by the leading of one of the Psalms, j
Then prayci by the Rev. Mr. Mjmjurw '
After which an address by the Rev. Mr. Tus- |
ton. |
The ceremonies were concluded at hnlf past one <
o'clock, when the procession moved from the Hall ]
in the order established by the committee of arrange- 1
ment. At the front of the Capitol, the procession j
took carriages, and proceeded in regular order to j
the Congress cemetery, where the body was de-
posited in the vault erected for the reception of the
remains of deceased members of Congress and
other public officers dying at the scat of Govern-
ment.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 20, 184f>.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM DEPARTMENTS.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a com-
munication from the Navy Department, transmit-
ting, in conformity to the requirements of a resolu-
tion passed by the Senate, a report from the Com- _
missioner of Pensions, in relation to the number j-
of applications for pensions that have been reject- j
ed, and the reasons therefor; which was ordered j<
to be printed, and referred to the Committee on j
Pensions. j;
Also, a communication from the Department of i|
War, in answer to a resolution by the Senate, in
relation to the measures necessary to be taken to
secuie the inland communication between Fort
Gratiot and the works now in progress of com-
pletion at Sand Hill, on the Detroit river.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting a statement, from the Second
Comptroller of the Treasury of the appropria-
tions for the naval service for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30th, 1845.
PETITIONS.
Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial of the
chiefs and delegates of the Wyandott nation of
Indians, praying payment of the value of their
improvements ceded to the United States by treaty
of March 17, 1842; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. ARCHER presented four memorials of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying a modification of the
naturalization laws, requiring a residence of twenty-
one years previous to acquiring the rights of citi-
zenship; which were referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. DIX'presented the memorial of citizens of
Cayuga county, New York, praying that the frank-
ing privilege may be abolished, and the postage
on all half-ounce letters be reduced to two cents;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post,
Oilioe and Post Roads.
Mr. D. also presented the memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of New York city, praying the
establishment of a branch of the United States mint
in said city; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. D. further presented the memorial of Brown
Neilson, importing merchants in the city of New
York, asking that duties paid by them on certain
importations of cotton from Texas prior to the 31st
December, 1815, may be refunded; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the petition of Asa
Andrews, late collector of customs for the district of
Ipswich, Massachusetts, praying the payment of a
balance ascertained to be due him ma suit hnmght
against him by the United Slates for an alleged de-
ficiency in his accounts: which was referred to the
Committee on the Judicial-)'.
Mr. SIMMONS presented the petitioiv of Wel-
come Parmenter, praying a pension for an injury
received in the military service of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. STURGEON presented the remonstrance
of citizens of northern Pennsylvania against any
compromise of the Oiegon boundary short of the
line of 51° 40'; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. S. also presented the petition of the legal
representatives of Richard Puller, deceased, pray-
ing the payment of a balance standing to his credit
on the books of the treasury, for advances in the
revolutionary war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
[A message, from the President of the United
States was heie received, by Mr. Walker, his pri-
vate secretary.]
Mr. J A UN AGIN" presented a communication
siened bySn, mid Martin, propowmu; a plan for the
defence of the hike.--.: which was referred to the
Committee mi .Naval Affairs.
Mr. J. also presented a eommunieation from the
same individual, proposing certain modifications of
the currency of tlit; country; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance,
M r. CA M KUOX presented the memorial of mer-
chants of Philadelphia, praying the construction of
harbors on the eastern side of Re.edy inland, and at
Bomba Hook, in the Delaware river; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ATCf IISON presented tlio petition of citi-
zens of Mercer county, Missouri, praying the es-
tablishment of a weekly mail from Trenton to the
county scat of said county, when located, but pre-
viously to the village of Warsaw; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Iload.s.
Mr. PENjVYRACKER presented the memorial
of the Hoard of Trade of XViieelm^, Virginia, set-
ting forth the advantages, and asking the "construc-
tion of a bridge across the Ohio, to connect the
national road through the latter State with that of
Virginia.
Mr. P. 4said that the subject was one of much
importance. Without going into the question as
to the constitutional power of Congress to give the
aid asked for ill the memorial, he presumed he
should best consult the wishes of the memorialists
by asking for- the reading of the memorial. The
memorial was then read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of James
Bigelow, administrator of the estate of Francis Ca-
zeau, praying a remuneration for supplies furnish-
ed to the United States army during the Revolu-
tion , and other sacrifices made in the cause o,f
American independence; which ■was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing the passage, by said
House, of a bill to regulate writs of error and ap-
peals from the United States circuit court for the
middle district of Alabama; a concurrent action on
which was asked of the Senate.]
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the memorial of
Bailie Peyton, praying the purchase by the United
States of his individual moiety of a tract of land
in the southwest pass of the Mississippi river, occu-
picd by the United States for public purposes, and
compensation for the time they hare already had
the use of it; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on IVivate Land Claims.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of J. C.
Baldwin, praying indemnity for loss sustained in
consequence of the burning of his vessel (the Gil
Bias) containing lead ore, which had been wreck-
ed on the coast of Florida, north of Cape Pear, and
burnt by direction of the United States officer com-
manding that station; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. Y. further presented the memorial of So-
phia Fleming and others, citizens of Florida, pray-
ing the appointment of a board of commissioners
to adjudicate claims for losses sustained in conse-
quence of the late Indian wars in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on tire Judiciary.
Also the petition of the administrator of Andrew
Capello, deceased, praying compensation for losses
sustained by the occupation of Florida by the Uni-
ted States troops in 1812 and 1813, with interest;
which was referred to the same committee.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a joint resolution,
passed by the Legislature of Indiana, in favor of
the improvement of the Ohio river by the con-
struction of a canal around the falls of said river;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. B. also presented resolutions of the General
Assembly of Indiana, relative to the overflowed
public lands, and the granting of those m Indiana
to that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the petition of John
Strehioker and others, praying to be indemnified
for ioss in consequence of the illegal seizure and
detention, on the part of the local authorities of the
island of Bermuda, of a ship and cargo, which was
forced by stress of weather into their port; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of John J. Bulow, jr., deceased;
winch was read a first time. -
On motion, the report of the above committee
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Nathaniel Phillips, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for his relief; which bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of J.
Throckmorton, praying relief for loss sustained in
consequence of the recision of a contract made by
him with the United States, made a report thereon;
•which was ordeied to be printed, and reported a
bill for his relief, which was read a first time.
_ Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary , to whom was referred a petition of citizens
of Ascension and Iberville, and also a report of the
Secretary of the Treasury of the 13th of January,
reported a joint resolution in relation to the issuing
of grants of certain lands in Louisiana; which was
read a first time, and ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. HANNEGAN offered the following amend-
ment to the bill reported by the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, for the augmentation of the naval force
of the United States:
Sec. 7. J}nd be it further enacted, That the en-
tire proceeds from the sales of the public lands
accruing to the United States be, and the same are
hereby, appropriated to the immediate building and
equipment of ten additional steam vessels of war
of the first class of frigates; and for this purpose,
