1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
would be the only strict legal mode of ascertaining
who was entitled, at the expiration of that thirty
days, to Hie commission of the Governor. And if
this rule was taljen as the basis of action, if we
stopped there, then Mr. Broekenbrough was elect-
ed by a majority of one hundred and fourteen votes;
that was to say, votes returned within thirty days
by judges of probate and one county cleric, would
-give him that majority. County clerks, gentlemen
would bear in mind, stood precisely in the same
condition as judges of probate, because they origi-
nally performed that duty; and the constitution
provided that they should continue to discharge
their duties till judges of probate should be ap-
pointed.
But, sir, as an individual member of that com-
mittee, I could not consent to fetter down and in-
fringe upon the rights of the people of Florida by
the provisions of any law simply directory. It
must necessarily result in this, that the officers ap-
pointed to do certain duties, in making returns, are
in fact made electing officers; it is 110 longer an
election of the people of the State, but an election
of the returning officers. What is the true state of
the votes given at the polls by the legal voters of
the State, is the true question before the House,
on the decision of which I trust they will make .
the decision of this question depend. I care not
through what channel the votes thus legally cast
reach the Secretary of State, or reach us here; that
question would not have the weight of a single
feather with me; it has not the power to be gal-
vanized into lif® by all the eloquence and all the
ingenuity which gentlemen can bring to bear upon
it; for the moment you depart from this rule for
which I contend, you make, the result of the elec-
tion depend, not oil the elector, but upon the cor-
rupt officer, upon accidental loss, anil upon every
other incidental circumstance which may come in j
to defeat the will of the people; and 1 have learned j
the lesson, which I shall not soon forget, that it is j
the true expression oftholcgal voters ol'thiw coun-
try which is to bo heard. There, mid there alone, '
reposes the sovereignty, regardless of a!! (In1 paper
the weight of a single feather. The gentlemen
themselves could not have considered the force of
such an argument; and when they fairly looked at
it, it would not be found to have strength enough
to stand alone, and it really required the minority
report to give it strength to stand up to be kicked
over. Further, in order to show the inconsistency
of this position of the minority of the committee,
he reminded them that they received the certificate
of the same Secretary of State on which the com-
mission was issued, whose certificate in the other
case they objected to as extra-official, and to be
considered only in the nature of an affidavit. It
certainly required perception much nicer than his
to understand the justice of such a distinction.
He further urged, in reply to the argument of
the minority, that the committee were not necessa-
rily bound to take the whule of the paper; in the
view that they were narrowing the matter down to
a mere individual concern—which, in case of book
account, he admitted would bo corroct—but here
the people mainly were interested; and, although
the paper had been introduced by the contesting
member, the committee were not hound to take
such parts of it as were inconsistent with common
sense or with law; the committee was judge of its
force and effect. Again : the Secretary of State
was bound to certify all papers coming legally into
his possession The constitution did not provide
that they should be legal papers in his possession;
but that any paper legally 111 the possession of the
Secretary of State, may be certified, and the paper
thus certified, have all the power of the original
paper. He (Mr. II.) would have taken these re-
turns from Monroe if they had never gone to the
Secretary of State; he would have traced bark to
thatcounty mid ascertained what were the returns
made by the inspectors of the voles legally cast,
and he would have received them m evidence. ,
The strictly legal channel would have been lor \
them to have gone through the judge of probate; |
but hevortlieleMS, they had been received, and le~ j
gaily received, by the Secretary of State, and when I
certified !yy him, they had all the efl'cct of original !
forms that can be thrown around it. These laws II papois. They were papers relating to the election
are regarded as directory only, and intended to se- :l of that Stale; they had gone to the Secretary of
cure, and not defeat, the will of the majority. | j State in a legal manner, and were certified to by linn.
Mr. XL, remarking that he had not time lo ex-
amine all the various grounds taken by individual
mcmbcis of the connniltee, proceeded to consider
the evidence which had been presented, and on
which the committee had based their action. The
first paper was a statement, certified by the Secre-
tary of' State as being an exact copy of that state-
ment which he had sent to the Governor within the
thirty days required by law after the election, and
on which statement the Governor htul issued his
commission to the sitting member. This paper pre-
sented returns from three classes of officers. It was
true, the law of Florida provides by what class of
officers the returns sjiall be made. A portion of
these returns were made by judges of probate; the
majority of the committee say they arc legal re-
turns; another portion were made by county clerks;
the majority of the committee said they were le-
gal;ana another portion, giving to the sitting mem-
oes [Mr, Cabem.J 370 odd votes, and to the con-
testing member [Mr. B ockei«i«u)uh] some ISO
votes, which were made, by inspectors directly to
the Secretary of State. He was for receiving and
counting every vote of*all these returns, no matter
what was the result which was nnived at thereby.
There were additional returns made by judges of
probate to the Sccrctary's office after the thirty days;
the contesting- member presented certified copies i
of them, and they were allowed by the committee.
The contesting member also presented returns :
made by inspectors of elections in Monroe county. ;
These were made directly to the Secretary of State, !
but after the thirty days, and were by the Secretary I
certified to this House; and as one of the commit- !
tee, arriving at the conclusion of the Secretary of
State, he (Mr. H.) went for counting these votes,
and for his life he could see no distinction between
counting the same class returned to the Governor
within the thirty days, or those which were re-
turned after the thirty days. But they were told
by the minority that the first paper was offered by
the contestant as a'whole, and that all its contents
should be received. Both gentlemen, he granted,
had a remote interest in this question, but it was
the people of Florida principally who were inter-
ested, and any admissions or objections which were
made by either of these gentlemen could not have
Why, then, should not these "votes, certified to m
this evidence, lie taken equally with the same class
emtifiod by (he same oiiirer to the governor, on
which the commission had issued, and which had
been received by the minority of the committee ?
Then, if they confined themselves strictly to the
returns made by the proper returning officers, Mr.
Brockembrough was elected; if they took the ag-
gregate of the votes cast at the polls and returned,
Mr. Buockenbrough was elected ; and it would
seem that they should at least have the consistency
of taking one ground or the other.
But the minority say that the majority are bound
to draw their conclusions from minority premises.
Gentlemen labored under a mistake there. It was
not so. If it was proper to refer to the proceed-
ings of the comtnilteo, ho eon Id very easily show
who had changed fronts upon the committee, and
to show that there was no drawing conclusions
from minority premises. A majority of the com-
mittee concurred in the conclusions of the report.
To be sure, different gentlemen took different
views, and had travelled different ways in arriving
at that conclusion. The gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Chase] took a more technical view than
he, (Mr. H.,) but he arrived at the same conclu-
sion.
The minority also stated that the committne di-
rected one of their number to draw a report stating
that 3Vlr. Cabem. was elected. Such was not the
fact. The journal of the committee would show it.
[A voice: "Perhaps the journal of the commit-
tee shows false. "J
The gentleman on my left (said Mr. H.) .-.ays
Unit the journal of the committee shows false.  *It
I does not; and Mr, II. appealed to the majority of
| the committee to say if such a vote was passed,
j Mr. H. here gave his statement of what had pass-
ed in committee, and of the vote which had thus
been referred to by the minority, showing that it
was not a vote directing a report to be drawn
which should conclude by declaring that Mr. Ca-
bell was elected, referring to Mr. Chase (who
assented) and to other members of that committee
to sustain him in regard to the fact.
One single remark further, with reference to
statement No. 1. Gentlemen on the other side
might tell them that there was no evidence in that
paper that any returns were included in it which
were made by inspectors; but that paper show-
ed that the returns were made by judges of
probate, by county clerks, and there were other
returns, with the names on each precinct, which
they were justified in saying were the returns of
inspectors. If they were not inspectors, they had
no right there at all; and there was no reason why
they should include them, and exclude returns of
precisely the same character from Monroe. '
In relation to the matter of the notice which was
given by the contestant to the sitting member, he
had one word to say. This matter was strictly
confined to record evidence. The notice originally
given was not, perhaps, sufficiently broad and spe-
cific. to include any particular vote or precinct; but
it sufficiently co\ ered eveiy fact which could be
proved by record, as a notice, general in its char-
acter, would put the gentleman on his guard, whilst
a specification as to record evidence would by no
means change that record.
The minority conclude their report by asking
for delay, and the statement of the sitting member,
he understood, had been printed and placed on the
tables of the members of this House. By the
record, and by all the evidence, he thouglit the
contesting member entitled to his seat, Now,
should new issues be opened?
Mr. M. BROWN interposed to inquire of the
gentleman whether the returns were all in, as he •
understood, from a remark of the gentleman, that
this might not bo the case in regard to them all.
Mr. HAMLIN replied that he could only say
that there was no definite information before the
committee, although it had been sought by various
members of it from both gentlemen, as to how
many counties there were in Florida, or how many
preemcts; hut he understood from conversation
between the respective parties, that there was one
county, he was certain, and perhaps another, from
wlii"li no returns were in.
Mr. 13ROWN. At this time?
Mr. HAMLIN. At this time. And (Mr. H.
continued) he believed that in that one county no
election was held. There was also one precinct,
; the returns of which had been certified by theSec-
j rotary of State in an additional statement, which
1 they had not counted, and which gave to Mrv
BuocKcsBRnuoii some six or eight majority
There was also a paper annexed (No. 6) from an
additional precinct, which gives to Mr. B. twenty
majority, which they had not counted, as it was
not dear to their minds that the returns of that
precinct had not been made by the judges of pro-
bate.
The matter was, then, presented upon record
evidence. The minority asked additional time.
That was a question for the House in its wisdom
to settle; but before they settled it affirmatively, he
asked, where was this controversy to end in case
this mode of procedure was allowed ? It was a
matter of record evidence; and now, if the other
party gave notice that he wished to change the
issue from the record to the polls, and upon that
notice, if time was given to the sitting member for
the purpose of showing that illegal votes were
given, and by rejecting which he would be enti-
tled to the seat, then, by the same rule, after the
result had been thus changed, the other party
might ask time to go home and ascertain what
votes had been illegally given for his opponent;
and where would the matter end? It was now con-
fined strictly to the returns; neither party had no-
tified the other of his desire to go behind those re-
turns; and it was for the House to say whether
justice required that this new field should be open-
ed upon the conjecture of either party.
Mr. McGATJGHEY (of the minority of the
committee) explained that the minority (lid not un-
conditionally nsk for delay, but only that, if either
party desired time, it should be given.
Mr. HAMLIN, continuing, confessed that, accor-
ding to the explanation, he had misunderstood the
concluding paragraph of the minority report. He
had supposed they desired more time, and in this
way new issues might be opened, and the position
of the parties be entirely changed. In this case,
the opinion of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
htintf.it,] expressed at the commencement of the
session, should be adopted, and the laboring: oar
should be taken by the man who appears to hav e
a minority of the votes, and the man apparently
elected should be allowed to take the place of the
