226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
Mr. TURKEY, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorials of Joseph
Radclift and of Amos Huntly, reported " that the
committee be discharged from their further con-
sideration."
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediensy of pro-
viding-by law for the more effectual publication of
the laws of the United States, throughout the sev-
eral States and Territories.
Mr. DICKINSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of remitting
to the Mohawk and Hudson Railroad Company
the duty paid by them, or on their account, on cer-
tain iion rails, imported and laid dawn permanently
on said raihoad since the year 18&2.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. BAGBY, in pursuance of notice heretofore
given, introduced the following joint resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of •America in Congress assem-
bled, two thirds of both Houses concurring, That the
following amendments, when ratified in the man-
ner provided for in the 5th article, shall be added to,
and form a part of, the Constitution of the United
States, that is to say:
1. The President and Vice President shall be
elected for the term of six years, but neither of them
shall be eligible to either of said offices after the ex-
piration of the term for which they shall have been
elected.
2. No member of either House of Congress shall,
during the time for which he is elected, nor for four
years thereafter, be eligible to the office of Presi-
dent or Vice President of the United States.
3. No member of either House of Congress shall,
during the time for which he is elected, be eligible
to either of the following offices under the Govern-
ment of the United States, that is to say: the office
of Secretary of State; the oflice of Secretary of the
Treasury; the office of Secretary of War; the oflice
of Secretary of the JNavy; the office of Attorney
General; or the office of Postmaster General.
Mr. BAGBY said, in presenting the.se resolu-
tions I desire to be understood that they have not
been the result of any conference with any human
being, but that they are the result of my own tie-
liberate reflection, aided by some little experience
of the nature and tendency of our political system.
The first of the series of propositions which I have
the honor to submit contains no new matter, it
proposes the establishment of the one-term princi-
ple, and to extend the Presidential term to nix
years, instead of four years, as now limited by the
Constitution of the United States. 1 deem it un-
necessary to say anything in favor of that propo-
sition, bccause X believe it has received the general
sanction of public men of all parties, and of the
country at large. The second series of proposi-
tions I regard as the most important of a)i. Al-
though propositions have been hitherto made to
both Houses of Congress, having for the object
the purification of the administration of the Gov-
ernment, and the establishment of the vital princi-
ples of the Government itself on a more secuvc and
permanent foundation ; but so far as my recollec-
tion goes, the proposition which I have now the
honor to oifer has not been submitted before this
time to the consideration of Congress or of the
people of the United States. Of all the objects !
that occupied the attention of the framers of the |
Constitution, no one obtained a larger portion of I
it than the separation—the permanent separation— '
of the several powers of the Government, and the I
distribution of them to three separate and distinct J
bodies. As it now stands, the Constitution carries
out that great vital principle in theory. The ob-
ject of my proposition is to carry out that princi-
ple in practice. It is designed to establish a per-
manent barrier between the Executive and the
Legislative departments of the Government. The
third proposition has been submitted to the consid-
eration of Congress and the country, and it is this:
to render members of both houses of Congress in-
eligible to certain specified offices during- the time
for which they have been elected members of Con-
gress, to wit; the office of Secretary of State, of
Secretary of the Treasury, of Secretary of War, of
Secretary of the Navy, of the Attorney General of
the United States, ana of the Postmaster General of
the United States. The object of that provision is to
carry out stiil further the great line of separation
and of demarcation between the different depart-
ments of this Government. In submitting this
resolution, I wish to be indulged with another
remark. I have not been influenced by any un-
generous, any unkind, any improper feeling towards
the present, or any past Administration of the Gov-
ernment. The cries of intrigue, and treachery,
and corruption—whatever influence they may have
exercised m other quarters—have made no impres-
sion on my mind. On looking back to the founda-
tion of the Government, I find much to approve,
to commend, and to admire in the practice and
conduct of every Administration. By their suc-
cessive efforts they have elevated us from the hum-
ble and dependent condition of a handful of perse-
j cuted colonists, to the highest rank amongst the
t nations of the earth. One other remark 1 desire
: to make. I ha\e not been influenced by any mis-
! appreciation of the talents, patriotism, or purity
| which luuc always pervaded the councils of the
j nation since I iuuc had ihc honor of a jKirticipa-
i tion in tlie direction of public uflhirs. On the con-
; trary, I am free to acknowledge that tit all times
j there have been members of Congress who, with
| my Hillest approbation, might have been elevated
j to the highest offices in the gift of the country; mid
; amongst the men whom I regard n.s thus qualified
on account of their talents, patriotism, statesman-
ship, and cverythina; that fits man for high office,
I recognise with perfect sincerity gentlnnen "who
are opposed to mc in politics. I have brought for-
ward this resolution irrespective of men, of par-
ties, and with the sole \i«nv of laying deeper the
foundations of our system, and carrying out that
great principle—I mean the separation of tho tie-
i partments of the Go\eminent; a principle, in the
faithful adherence to which depends, m my hum-
ble opinion, not only the purity, but the very
existence of that Govt rnnient.
Tho joint resolution was then lead a first time,
and passed to a .second n-ading.
It w as also, on motion of Mr. B., ordered to be
printed and laid on the table, to be considered at a
; future day.
ORDERS OF THE OAV. |
1 he act from the TTou^e of Representative*} en- j
titled 44 An act to reirulnte writs of error from the !
district court of the United Stales for the middle j
district of Alabama," was limn taken up, read a j
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. !
AUGMENTATION OV THE NAVY. |
On motion of Mr. FAfiU'TELD, the bill hereto- !
fore reported by him, from the Committee on Na- j
val Affairs, prouding for the augmentation of the |
naval force of the United States, and for other pur- \
poses, was taken up, with a view to assign a day I
for its consideration. |
The hill was lead a second time, and is as ful- |
lows, vjz: |
licit a>(t<!<*<! In/tfic Sctuitr aiul Houseof Rcirrespntativci of '
the UniteJ States nf s-hnrru a in Conarcd aswrtiblrri) That\ho \
rrcMileiit oi'Uic frmcd States be,and lie m hereby,author- j
izi'd t<> to !*<  biult, (MjinpjH'd, find <-ni}>loyt?d f„ thf i
naval service of the ( nitcd Slates, tkn htkam-shii>.s or 1
v<*«<i'ls ot war. to he emMmelrd of iron, if practicable' to i
v, it: 'I'hu-eoi'thcHa^ <>nnirjii<-sfivo ol the class ol'sJoor^ '
of wai. iitxi two tit a Moaller class. |
Hk\ :I. Jh\d he it farther cnctt&l, That the President be i
and lie i-t hereby, I'urther auiiiori/.ed. it m his opinion at i
any time before the emmw'wrn>ejit of the ne.\t remilar [
Mon of Con re sthe public exigencies should lequire it to i
e;m«c to be completed all tliohigates and sloops of war now
upon lite *toek,-,niid to repair and pot into ju.ii vc vice
nil the tloopw or vp-^cN of u ar now m ordinal v.
^ko. jhvl he it }nrth<r en<u;tol. That the President bo
and he )n>i**t>\, <uitliori/.<-d to purehaM' or eolJerf <urh
n;ua! supplies, mnt-naK, and oiditanet-, },>« judgment
ma\ rieem the puhlie inlei.M icquin-, limiting the amount
to theuppro^rauiouthi thi* purpose he,-efnatterwards made.
Rpc. 4. JinJ he it further emu ted, That, m carrying into
effect the fir^t section of thi- hill, the President be. and he
is hereby, authorized to eau*e s;od ship* or vessels to be
limit under eontwt, if", in ins opinion, the public interest
would thereby be promoted.
Sue. Jln'tl he it further awrtci, That, for the purpose of
carrying into eilect Die lorr-puiia provisions, tile sum of five
millions si* hunilri'd and twenty-five- thousand dollars—to
wit: for the building and equipping the ships and vessels
provided for 111 the tint section of this bill, two millions
nine hundred and twenty thousand dollars; for completm"
the .hips and vessels now upon the stocks, one million five
hundred and twenty thousand dollars; for repairs of rftips !
and vessels in ordinary, six hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand dollars} for the purchase of nuval supplies, materials '
and ordnance, five hundred thousand dollars—he, and the
sanio is hereby appropriated, to be paid out of any money
in the treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Srco. 6 Jind be it Jisrthcr enacted, That so n:ueh of the first
section of the act approved March 3d, 1845, entitled " Ati
'act making appropriations ibr the naval service for the year
< ending the 30th of June, 1846," as limits the whole num-
ber of petty officers, seamen or ordinary seamen, landsmen,
mid boys, fn the naval service, to seven thousand five hun-
i tired, be, and the same is hereby, repealed,
| The PRESIDENT announced that it was now ■
i before the Senate as in committee of the whole.
! Mr. FAIRFIELD remarked, that when he
1 called up the bill, he designed to name a day for
1 its consideration; but from the diversity of opin-
i ion which he had heard expressed in this particu-
lar, and considering the time named by some of
• his friends as too far distant, he was willing to let
the bill stand in its place on "the calendar in regu-
lar order.
Mr. SPEIGHT inquired whether he understood
the Senator from Maine as not pressing the con-
sideration of the bill at this time.
Mr. FAIRFIELD replied affirmatively.
Mr. SPEIGHT had no general remarks to
maKe. He, however, considered this to be one
of the most important measures introduced during
this session. He was opposed to the bill at this
time; but not for reasons, perhaps, which would
operate on other Senators who might oppose it. If
we were to have war, let us go the whole hog. In
that case he would vote for ample supplies. But
first let us wait to see whether this evil was to
come upon us, and then equip the army and navy.
He was opposed to taking up the subject by piece-
meal. In the opinion of Senators, nothing was
known with certainty. Therefore he was willing
for the postponement of the bill; and moved that
it he laid upon the table.
Mr. EVANS inquired how the bill came before
tht) Senate, and whether it had been taken up in
its order on the calendar?
Mr. SPEIGHT would inform the Senator. The
Senator from Maine called it ap for the purpose of
naming n day for its consideration.
Mr. EVANS said that he understood the bilj
had been taken up ostensibly for that purpose;
but he did not know that any vote had been takea
on the question of considering it.
Mr. SIMMONS remarked, that he understood
the Senator from Maine to express a willingness
for the bill to remain in its order on the calendar.
Mr. F AIRFIELD said that when he moved to
take up the bill, it was his intention to name Mon-
day or Tuesday next for its consideration; but
some Senators around him having evinced a dis-
position to postpone it to a more distant day, he
thought that the bill would stand a better chance
on the calendar in its regular order. Therefore he
had declined making any motion.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved to lay the bill on the
table.
The question was taken on the motion to lay the
hill on the table, and it was decided in the nega-
tive—ayes IS, noes23.
^ Mr. SEVfER then moved to postpone the con-
sideration of the bill to the 10th of February.
Mr. WESTCOTT expressed the hope that the
Senator from Maine would name some early day
He thought the measure important, whether or
not we, were to have war -with Mexico, England,
or any other power.
Mr. FAIRFIELD named next Tuesday. -
The PRESIDENT inquired of the Senator from
Aikans.is whether he insisted on his motion'
Mr. SEVIER said he did, so that they might
consider this with the bills made the order for that
day.
Mr. YITLEE remarked that it was distinctly un-
derstood by the committee, when the bill was re-
ported , that it was not presented as a war measure.
Therefore, to view it in that light, would be im-
proper. The main purpose of'the bill was to au-
thorize, in part, a steam navy for the defence of the
country , including more especially that of the Gulf
of Mexico, for which at present there was no ade-
quate force. There was another clause of the bill
which authority, if the emes-gency required
it, to complete the ships and vessels now on the
stocks, and call into requisition those in ordinary,
if it was the opinion of the Senate that this would
£iot be necessary before the next session, they could
stride out this section. The bill proposed to in-
crease the steam branch of our navy. If the vessels
were to be built, the material used in their construc-
tion would be iron, and for the express purpose of
