1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
domestic, home defence, adapted to the shallow
waters of the Gulf of Mexico and the western
waters. , Some such measure, in our present con-
4 dition, it was proper should be brought forward.
It was the most economical means to increase the
navy ever presented. Vessels built of iron would
last for a hunched years, and, if they were not re-
quired, eould be laid by without the necessity of
expending a dollar to keep them in condition for ser-
vice. It was merely an extension of the course
heretofore pursued of collecting materials for ma-
king a navy in case of emergency. Live oak, as a
material for this purpose, was cut and put in shape
for the construction of vessels, and, by passing this
bill, we would merely put iron in the shape of ves
sels, and keep them until it should be necessary to
call thom into use. He hoped the bill would take
the ordinary course, if it was not the pleasure of
the Senate to name an early day for its considera-
tion.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said it seemed to him that all
this discussion was out of place and out of order,
and he did not rise to precipitate debate at this
time. He merely wished to remark, that he dif-
feied from his friend on the committee, who had
undertaken to assign the views and the grounds on
which the bill had been presented. He regarded
the bill as having no reference to the question of
peace or war; hence no report accompanied it; but
it was left to Senators to place their support of the
bill on such grounds as they might prefer. The
bill spoke the language of the committee; and
there was no distinction or particular service
named for the proposed additional naval force
either in whole or in part.
Mr. SEVIER remarked, that if this was a peace
measure, there was no occasion for naming an early
flay for its consideration, and ho suggested to his
friend from Maine that the bill might be endanger-
ed by any precipitate action. For his own part,
in case the notice to Great Britain should be agreed
on, he would vote for the bill, but not otherwise.
Mr. WESTCOTT objected to the postponement
until February. On the JOtli of that mouth other
matters would be considered relating entirely to
Oregon; and he could not conceive how this muld
altso then be discussed. He hoped tlm! the meas-
ures would not be mixed up together. He repeated
that he hoped the Senator from Maine would ad-
here to the dav, a day early next week, already
suggested, and that the Senator from Arkansas
would not press his motion.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said he did not under-
stand very clearly the coursc of the Senator from
Arkansas. An-early day in the past month, the
Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Suvren] distinctly
told the Senate that a war with England was in-
evitable. Now, when the first effective prepara-
tion for such an event was to be made in the
chamber, they found the Senator not ready and
■willing to meet it! On the contrary, the Senator had
nosed to postpone the consideration of the bill
e 10tli or February. He would inquire of the
Senator whether lie had changed his opinion ? Did
he now believe war was inevitable or not? If he
believed war was inevitable, why not prepare for
it ? Why oppose or delay the first effective move-
ment to place us in a state of preparation ? Ho
(Mr. C.) looked on _ the bill as very important,
with reference to either peace or war. In any
event, the bill should have his support. He did
not view it necessarily as a war measure, but for
the defence of our country, not as to circumstances
to come now, but hereafter. lie asked the Sena-
tor whether they were to entertain the opinion that
he would not go with them to prepare for war?
Mr. SEVIER said that his opinions had under-
gone no change; but he desired, so far as practica-
ble, to consider the measures made the order of the
day for the 10th of February and this bill together,
in connexion. The Senate should have his vote
to pass the resolution giving notice for the termi-
nation of the convention between this country and
Great Britain. Could they depend on the co-ope-
ration, for this purpose, of the Senator from Dela-
ware? Ho was inclined to believe, however, the
notice would not pass. Two or three propositions
of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Allen] had been
voted down by yeas and nays; and could he not
form some opinion from what he had seen and
heard > He feared they would go home as they
came here—doing nothing in relation to Oregon,
and not supporting the President in his recommen-
dation. And did the Senator suppose that ha (Mr.
S.) would vote millions for the navy in a time of
profound peace ? He was willing to vote for a par-
tial increase of the navy; buthe thought it betrayed
inconsistency to see Senators not standing up for
the notice—from which they apprehended war
would result—yet calling upon him to vote for ap-
propriations to prepare for war! If they would
vote for the notice, he would vote for the bill to the
fttllest extent.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON asked whether he had
not correctly understood the Senator's former
'views as having undergone some little variation?
He [Mr. Sevier] no longer thought that war was
inevitable, but that it depended on the passage of
the joint resolution to give the notice to England.
Did he so understand the Senator ?
Mr. SEVIER replied, Yes.
Mr. CLAYTON remarked, then the Senator's
position was somewhat different now. War was
not now inevitable, but it depended on the contin-
gency whether Congress shall give, or shall not
give the notice ! The Senator had asked him (Mr.
Clayton) whether he would go for the notice. In
reply, he would say that when the question should
be presented, he would respond to the question with-
out hesitation. For the present, he desired to look
forward and see what course some other matters
took. He did not inform the Senator that he would
not vote for the notice. But if he understood, as the
Senator did, that the notice would bring on war, he
would, without the slightest hesitation, oppose the
notice; and he would only vote for the notice in
case ho should consider it a pacific measure, tend-
ing to a continuation of a negotiation between this
country and England—a measure not leading to
war, but preventing war. The honorable Senator
and himself might entertain different views as to
the effect of the notice, but it would now be out of
place to go into this question. He would do so
hereafter. As to the proposition to postpone the
consideration of the hill, he would regret it if it was
put oil' until the 10th of February, and he hoped
that the motion of the Senator from Maine would
prevail. When it should conic up, he would sup-
port the bill, whether there was to be war or not.
Mr. iSKVlER. My opinion is, that the Senator
has not walked up to the mark I expected. I sup-
posed every man would stand up to the notice.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to ascertain from the
gentleman whether anything has fallen from me,
here or elsewhere, justifying his opinion that I will
not walk up to the notice ? He will see at the
proper time how I will walk up to' the notice.
_ Mr. HANNEGAN. I regard the question pre-
cisely as stated by my friend from Delaware, and
dissent entirely from the opinion expressed by my
friend from Arkansas. In the first place, he says
he has heard intimations that the notice will not
pass. I apprehend an entirely different result from
all that has been said, and from every demonstra-
tion that has been made on both sides of the cham-
ber.
Mr. SEVIER. I have my doubts.
Mr. HANNEGAN. The Senator from Arkan-
sas apprehends war as inevitable from giving the
notice. I hold that the passage of the notice will
be the great peace measure—the great measure
which alone can result in peace between the two
countries in their existing relations. If that notice
is not given, 1 can see but one result, and that is,
that England will become more arrogant and more
domineering in her demands on our Pacific border.
So far as the bill now before the Senate is con-
cerned, I regard it not as a war, but as a peace
measure. What has been our history for the last
twelve years, since I became a member of the Con-
gress of the United States? Do we not recollect
when difficulty was anticipated from France, the
cry was, " Oh, we must wait, we must hold back!"
Although at that time the destinies of the country
were in the hands of that man of mighty soul and
iron will, yet the cry of both Houses was, "Hold
back, and get ready!" And now, when difficulty
with England was anticipated by some, when the
President has sent forth a proclamation to the
whole civilized world that the American republic
will not tolerate any further interference with the
affairs of this continent, or any further settlement
by foreign Powers—in view of all these things,
and with difficulty staring us in the face, gentle-
men are unwilling to go on and appropriate one
dollar for the purpose of putting the country in a
proper posture of defence. When we are told
from the seaboard that the houses and property of
our citizens are subject to desolation the very mo-
ment that the war-trump sounds, is it not time to
prepare for defence ? If we do not now prepare
for the defence of our seaboard, when will we pre*
pare ? With an overflowing treasury—a surplus
of more than seven millions—the country m a
state o'f prosperity altogether unparalleled in the
history of nations—I ask, is it not the part of wise
men—is it notour solemn and pressing duty to
place ourselves in a posture to strike a decisive
blow, if a blow should be required? Is not this
the proper course to be pursued at this crisis, in-
stead of talking and talking of war in both Houses,
but never intending to act, never getting ready to
act? I say again, this is a peace measure. Let
the world see that we are ready to repel any act
of aggression, come from what quarter it may, and
my life for it, by so doing you aiford the best
guaranty of continued peace. I dislike, sir, to
hear war talked about—to see the subject bandied
about as boys play at marbles—treated with so
much indifference. " Let not the trump be sound-
ed till the sword be drawn.'' That is the moral of
a 'beautiful allegory which deeply impressed my
mind. 1 would be governed by it. Wo to him
who sounds the trumpet before he draws the
sword! Let us be ready, with the sword in our
hand, to defend ourselves. I am in favor of en-
tering, at the earliest possible day, on the consid-
eration of this bill.
Mr. ALLEN. The Question before the Senate
is not whether this bill shall become a law, but it
is, on what day will the Senate proceed to consider
that question. A bill is introduced which pro-
poses to appropriate, I believe, five and a half
millions of dollars in connexion with the public
defences of the country. It is proposed at a time
when the question of peace or war—however
wisely or unwisely—is discussed in the two
Houses of Congress and in the country. That
discussion of the question of peace or war has
arisen out of the character of measures introduced
into both Houses of Congress relative to the ex-
tension of the laws of the United States over a
territory rightfully belonging to the United States
on the Pacific ocean. It has been in that discus-
sion that this question of peace or war has been
agitated. Whether rightfully or wrongfully, the
introduction of these measures has given rise to
this discussion—some Senators arguing that the
adoption of these measures must necessarily lead
to war, other Senators doubting the accuracy of
that opinion. The measures have been opposed
upon the ground, by some Senators, that they
might, by some Senators that they inevitably
would, lead to a state of war between the two
countries. The introduction of these measures—
the proposition to give notice, and the bill to ex-
tend the laws of the. United States over this terri-
tory—has, then, I say, given rise, whether right-
fully or wrongfully, to a discussion of the question
of peace or war. Now 
Mr. MANGUM. I rise to a point of order. I
submit to the Chair, without any remark, whether
a discussion of this range, on a mere question to
postpone the consideration of a bill to a day desig-
nated, is in order. I submit that without a word
of remark.
Mr. ALLEN. The Senator, and I presume the
Senate, must perceive that I am not going into
any discussion of the question of war. I am merely
alluding to the circumstances which, in my opin-
ion , ought to influence the Senate in fixing a day.
The PRESIDENT stated that he considered
the discussion as having taken too wide a range.
He had not hitherto interfered, but he hoped Sen-
ators would confine themselves to the question of
postponement.
Mr. ALLEN proceeded Now, sir, I am of
opinion, and I believe I may safely say that every
Senator is of opinion, that the passage of this no-
tice, the passage of the bill which it is proposed
to submit to the consideration of the Senate, will
give no rightful cause of war; that in those meas-
ures there will be nothing, found to justify Great
Britain in a declaration of war. But what will
be her course of conduct on the passage of these
measures is another question, and one about which
Senators are divided in opinion. But what I start-
ed with the design to say was this; that inasmuch
as the discussion with regard to the question of
peace or war has arisen on the presentation of
measures in relation to the Oregon Territory, it
seems to me that thess two subjects of giving the
