1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
formity with the precedent he should feel bound
to apply the rule.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to suspend, and, being taken, resulted—yeas 89,
nays 74, as follows?
YEAS—Messrs. J. &. Adams, Stephen Adams,
Arnold, Ashmun, Baker, Barringer, Bell, Milton
Brown, Wm. G. Brown, Buffington, Cabeil, John
H.Campbell, John G. Chapman, Chipman, Cobb,
Cocke, Collamer, Collin, Constable, Cranston, Cro-
eier, Culver, Dargan, Garrett Davis, Delano, De
Mott, Dixon, Dobbin, John H. Ewing, Edwin H.
Ewing, Fries, Garvin, Giddings, Gordon, Har-
roanson, Harper, Hilliard, Hoge, E. B. Holmes,
John W, Houston, S. D, Hubbard, Hudson,
Hunter, C. J  Ingersoll, J. R. Ingersoll, Daniel P.
King, Leake, Lewis, Ligon, McClean, McHenry,
Mclivaine, Marsh, Miller, Morse, Payne, Perry,
Pollock, Julius Rockwell, J. A. Rockwell, Root,
Hunk, Schenck, Seaman, Seddon, Severance,
Alexander D. Sims, Leonard II. Sims, Truman
Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens,
Stewart, Strohm, Thibodcaux, Thomasson, Ben-
jamin Thompson, James Thompson, Thurman,
Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, "White, Wilmot, Win-
throp, Woodward, Wright, Yancey, and Young—
69.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Bedinger, Benton,
Biggs, James Black, James A. Black, BrinkcrhofT,
Brodhead, Burt, William W. Campbell, Augustus
A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Clarke, Dilling-
ham, Dunlap, Edsall, Ellsworth,Erdman, Ficklin,
Foster, Goodyear, Graham, Grinnell, Grover,
Hamlin, Haralson, Henley, Herrick, Hopkins,
Hough, G. S. Houston, Hungerfovd, James B.
Hunt, James If. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Au-
dmvJohnson, George W. Jones, Kennedy, Pres-
ton King,Lawrence,Long,Lumpkin, McClelland,
McConnell, McCrate, McDowell, McKay, John
P. Martin, Barclay Martin, Morris, Moulton,
Norris, Owen, Pernll, Price, Rathbun, ltcid, Rit-
tur, Russell, Sawtellc, Sawyer, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Stanton, St. John, Strom;, Jacob
Thompson, Tibbatts, Trend way, Wcntworth,
Whonton, Wick, Wood, and Yost—74.
So, then, two-thirds not voting in the affirma-
tive, the House refused to suspend the hour-rule,
in relation to the contestant ana to the sitting mem-
ber.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON,
The House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. W. Gk BROWN": The petition of tho widow of
John Alexander and othei*, asking a pension for paid widow
for a limited time. Also, the petition of John Merrill, Hik-
ing Congress to allow the petitioner a sum of money due
from the Government to V. Merrill, the lather of the peti-
tioner.
By Mr EWTNG: The petition of S. B. Unvs, asking for
compensation from the Post Oflico Department for services
tendered.
By Mr. COCKE: The petition of Daniel Witt, of Jeffer-
son county, Tennessee, praying Congress to grant him a
pension for disabilities lucurrcd as a soldier in the late war
with Great Britain. Also, the petition of James P. H. Por-
ter, of Sevier county, Tennessee, with a similar prayer.
Also, the petition of Luke Stanahftrry, of Blount county,
Tennessee, pruning Congress for an increase of pension as
a revolutionary soldier: referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions.
By Mr. McCLBAN ■ The petition and accompanying doc-
uments of Michael Weidner, a^kin? for a pension in con-
sideration of his services as a soldier in the war of the Rev-
olution: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
By Mr. THOMAS SMITH: The petition of John Reed
of Decatur county, Indiana, and signed by 7-2 others, citi-
zens of said county, representing that said Reed served a* a
soldier thirteen months in the years ]789 and 1790, in the
State of Kentucky, in a company of horse commanded by
Captain Jesse Crovins, and that said Reed never received
any pay; that he has rendered to the countrv juimcrous and
important service*. He is now very old and needy, there-
fore they pray Congress to allow him such pension as, in
their wisdom, they shall see proper: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The memorial of Theodore
Foster, and other citizens of Michigan, for a post-road from
Ann Arbor, Washtenaw county, to Flint, Genesee county,
Michigan. Also, the memorial of forwarding merchants,
ship and steamboat owners and masters on Lake Erie, for
a beacon-hght at River Raisin harbor, Michigan.
By Mr. G. W. JONES: The petition of Zadoc Motlow
and others, heirs of John Motlow, deceased, heretofore re-
ferred, January 20, 1830: referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
By Mr. DUNLAP: The petition of Lydia Gordon and
Thankful Penly, praying for the passage of an act granting
a pension to such widows of soidieis of tfie revolution as
were married prior to the 18th March, 1818: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. HOUGH: The petition of ship owners and per-
sons engaged m navigating the lakes and river St. Law-
rence, praying an appropriation for the erection of beacon-
lights on certain points on said river: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. The petition of merchants and ship-
owners of Oswego, New York, for an appropriation for the
building of a dreoge-boat on Lake Ontario and the river St.
Lawrence: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. THURMAN: The petition of Samuel Reed, of
Pike county, Ohio, praying compensation for the loss, by
him, of certain lands in Ohio, sold by the United States, and
immediately purchased by lum, the title to which, derived
from the United States, has failed: referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of J. Bradbury and
others, for remuneration for goods released Horn forfeiture
by special act of Congress: referred to the Committee on
Commerce. Also, the petition of residents on the late dis-
puted territory in the State of Maine, tbr an equitable ad-
justment of their claims to the land on which they reside
under the treaty of Washington: referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 22, 1846.
PETITIONS.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the memorial of Philip
Pollard and others, praying to be confirmed in
their purchases of ccrtain Indian reservations, un-
der the treaty of 1832, with the Pottawatomie In-
dians; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented the petition of
citizens of Mystic, Connecticut, praying the adop-
tion of measures for effecting a peaceful adjustment
of all international difficulties and dispute* ; which
was laid on the table.
If ARBORS IN THE DELAWARE RIVER.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of citizens
of IVnnsylvania, praying the construction of har-
bors on the eastern side, of Reedy island and Bom-
ba hook, in the Delaware river; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce.
Mi. C. also presented the petition of Thomas F.
Gordon, praying1 the aid of the Government in a
proposed publication of indexes to the Congres-
sional records; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Library.
Mr. STURGEON presented another petition of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying the construction
of harbors on the eastern side of Reedy island and
Bomba hook, m the Delaware river; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. S., on presenting this petition, stated that
it deserved the favorable attention of Congress,
in consecjuencc of the important strength which
would be added to the defence of the city of
Philadelphia by the construction of these works.
In consequence of the exposed condition of these
harbors on the Delaware, they were incapable of
nfFording protection to vessels, if chased by a su-
perior hostile force, or endangered by the floating
ice which periodically obstructs the navigation of
the Delaware. Against either of these dangers,
their only coursc now was to run up to Newcastle,
within forty miles of Philadelphia. The impor-
tant interests involved in the petition would, he
trusted, commend it to the favorable consideration
of the Senate.
Mr. YULEE presented documents relating to the
claim of E. A. Ware, to compensation for printing
the acts and resolutions of the Legislative Council
of the Territory of Florida, under an order of that
body; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
the Long Island Railroad Company, praying a re-
mission of the duties paid by said company on cer-
tain railroad iron imported for the use of tneir rail-
road; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of the heirs
of Richard McCarty, deceased, a revolutionary offi-
cer, praying the repayment of advances made by
their ancestor during the revolutionary war; which
was referred to the Commtttee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of the heirs and
legal representatives of John Campbell, deceased,
an assistant deputy quartermaster general in the
revolutionary army, praying an equitable settle-
ment of his accounts, and an allowance of commu-
tation pay for his military services; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to which, was referred the pe-
tition of Clara R. Cobb, made an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SIMMONS gave notice of his intention, at
some early day, to ask leave to introduce bill
granting compensation to Robert Perkins, a citizen
of Rhode Island, for the capture of prisoners during
the late war with Great Britain.
[A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Walker,
his private secretary.]
ORDERS OF THE DAT.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
adverse report made by the Committee on Pen-
sions on the petition of Evelina Porter, hut-
Mr. WESTCOTT expressing a wish for further
time to examine the subject,
The report was informally passed over.
Also, the adverse report on the petition of Wil-
liam Butterfield; and in concurrence therewith, it
was
Resolved, That the prayer of the petitioner be not
granted.
Also, the adverse report made by the same com-
mittee on the petition of James Robinson; and in
concurrence therewith it was
Resolved, That the prayer of the petitioner be
not granted.
Also, the report of the Committee on Pensions,
adverse to the petition of James Morgan, of Vir*-
ginia, for a pension; and in concurrence therewith
it was
Resolved, That the prayer of the petitioner be
not granted.
THE INDIAN TRTBES.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr.
Jarnagin, from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
on the 15th instant, came up in its order on the
calendar for consideration, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War prepare, or
causc to be prepared under his direction, a state-
ment exhibiting a true history of the relations be-
tween the United States and the several Indian
tribes or nations, from the revolutionary war down
to the extinction of the Indian title eastward of the
Mississippi. Also, a statement, in tabular form, of
all the sums paid to different Indian tribes for the
purchase of their lands, designating each tribe, the
date of purchase, amount paid, amount of land
ceded or purchased, the annuities given to each
tribe, the duration of such annuities, the amount
held in trust by the United States Government for
any of such tribes, how much thereof has been
invested in stocks, and the authority for investing
the same, and the number of persons in each tribe
among whom such sums or annuities were or are
divided.
Mr. PHELPS said that, in looking at the resolu-
tion, it appeared to him it hardly covered the
ground intended. He therefore proposed to insert
after the words " how much thereof has been in-
vested in stocks," the words " and in what stocks
invested.'' They should know what the fund was,
and that was the object of the amendment which
he had submitted.
Mr. CASS had not the slightest objection to the
inquiry; but he would suggest whether the first
part of the resolution did not go much farther than
was designed. No one could tell the amount of
labor which was requisite to obtain the informa-
tion. On a motion of the Senator from Mississippi,
a subject had been presented to the War Depart-
ment the other day, and for the purpose of fur-
nishing a reply, six clerks were employed upon
the work. The quantity of matter required to be
published by this resolution would put the country
to a cost of a thousand dollars, because it called
for all the facts and circumstanc3s connected with,
the intercourse between the Government agents
and the Indian tribes, from the foundation of the
Government to the present time. There had been,
but a few years since, a quarto volume published
on this subject, which either was in the hands of,
or was accessible to, every person. This volume
contained all the various treaties made with the
Indians, and the other facts called for. He sug-
gested, therefore, to the Senator from Tennessee
to modify the first part of the resolution, so as to
limit its operation. To the residue he had no ob-
jection.
Mr. JARNAGIN remarked that a resolution of
inquiry was submitted by a Senator from New-
York, [Mr. Dickinson,] twelve months ago; it
