1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23a
ferences. I have nothing to do with your inferen-
ces. It is with the statements that I have to do.
I made no such statement as is represented to have
been made by me in the reported speech of the
gentleman.
Mr. YULEE. Well, I did not assert that you
did—but I considered myself quite justified in
drawing the inference which X have stated.
Mr. ALLEN. I care not what your inferences
were.
On motion, it was
Ordered-, That when the Senate adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY,
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business; and, after some time spent
therein, the doors being re-opened,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 22, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON, on leave given, offered
the following resolution; which was adopted:
"Resolved, That the Committee on the Post
' Office and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
• the expediency of establishing a mail route fi'om
' Decatur, in Morgan county, Alabama, to Moul-
' ton, in Lawrence county, Alabama."
Mr. G. W. JONES asked the House at this
time to take up and consider the resolution offered
by him yesterday, and then laid over by the rule,
lie did not suppose that it could give rise to any
debate; but if it did, ho would withdraw his mo-
tion.
No objection being made, the resolution was
read as follows:
" Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
• be directed to report to this House the quantity,
' invoice value or cost, amount of duties actually
' paid, the rate of duty, and the equivalent ad va~
' lorcm duty per cent, of all articles, boih free and
'dutiable, imported into the United States during
' the year ending January 30, 1845."
No amendment having been offered, the resolu-
tion was adopted.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
a report from the Register of the Treasury, in
compliance with a resolution of the House of the
19th instant, showing- the amount expended annu-
ally for the printing of the two Houses of Con-
gress, from the first to the last Congress inclusive;
'winch letter and report were referred to the select
committee on the subject of printing.
FREMONT'S REPORT.
The SPEAKER also presented the following
communication from B. B. French, esq., Clerk of
the House; which was read:
Office of mis Clerk House Reps. U. S.,
January 21, 1846.
To the Speaker of the House <g Representatives:
Sir: On the 13th instant, the House passed
resolution in the following words:
"Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be, and
' he hereby is, directed to distribute the extra copies
'of Lieutenant Fremont's reports, ordered to be
' printed by the last House, amongst the members
' of the present House."
The document which the undersigned was thus
directed to distribute to the members of this House
was ordered to be printed and distributed by a res-
olution of the last House of Representatives, adopt
ed on the 25th day of February, 1845, in the fol-
lowing words:
"Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be, and
' he is hereby, directed to receive, in the recess of
' Congress, the reports of Lieutenant (now brevet
' Captain) Fremont's expedition of 1843 and 1844
' to Oregon and North California, as the same shall
' be published frcm the War Department; and that
' ten thousand extra copies thereof be printed, to-
' gether with the lithrographed maps and drawings
' accompanying the same, for the use of the mem-
' bers of the present Congress; and also the report
' of the same officer of his expedition to the Rocky
' mountains in the year 1842, be re-printed, with
' the report of the last expedition, without the ap-
' pendix of astronomical and meteorological obser-
' vations."
In view of the contradiction in terms contained
in the foregoing resolutions, the undersigned enter-
tained doubts as to the effect of the resolution pass-
ed by the last House. It became a question in his
mind whether that resolution did not vest a right
of prtjperty in the document ordered by that reso-
lution to be distributed, in the members of that
Congress, of which those persons alone could di-
vest themselves. And the Clerk having them in
his possession, an order of a member of the last
Congress, dated March 1, 1845, to deliver "all
public documents or books" due to him as a mem-
ber of the 28th Congress, to a gentleman in this
city, deemed it proper, on the day of the adoption
of the resolution of the 13th instant, by the present
House, to address a letter to the Attorney General
of the United States, setting out the facts, and re-
spectfully requesting his opinion, whether the Clerk
could deliver the copies of Fremont's Report, still
undelivered, to the members of this House, without
subjecting himself to a legal prosecution by mem-
bers of the last House, for thus disposing of books
which they claimed as their property. And also
whether by the passage of the resolution of the
25th of February, 1845, the property of the books
ordered vested in the members of the House which
passed the resolution.
The Attorney General has not replied in writing,
or officially, to the letter of the undersigned; butat
a personal interview with that officer, he declined
giving an opinion, and advised the undersigned to
bring all the facts before the House, through the
Speaker.
The undersigned respectfully states that no
question has ever heretofore been made, within
his knowledge, as to the private and personal right
of a member to such books and documents as the
House have by resolution ordered to be distrib-
uted amongst the members; and there are many
coses on the flics of the office where executors, ad-
ministrators, and assignees have applied for, and
received, the books and documents of their testa-
tors, intestates, or assignors; and there are now in
the possession of the undersigned, as Clerk of this
House, hundreds of volumes of books belonging
to members of former Congresses, which he has
ever held to be as sacredly their private property
as he would the, value in money of those same
books deposited with him in trust.
There is no question that the members of the
lost House of Representatives, who are not mem-
bers of this House, consider themselves entitled
each to his proportion of the ten thousand copies
of Freemont's Report, ordered by the resolution of
last House; and many of those members have sent
to their successors in the present House orders
upon the Clerk to deliver the copies to which they
are entitled, to those successors, for distribution
among their common constituents. Since the adop-
tion by the House of the resolution of the 13th in-
stant, the undersigned has received letters from sev-
eral members of the last House of Representatives,
who are not members of this House, protesting
against the delivery of the copies of Fremont's Re-
port, claimed by them, to any person other than
themselves, except by their order. Those letters
are communicated herewith, together with a letter
ft-om a highly respectable member of this House,
protesting generally " in behalf of those who are
' absent, to my taking any step whatever to deprive
' them of Fremont's Journal, to which they are en-
' titled by virtue of a solemn, a legal, and a valid act
' of the fast House of Representatives."
Under these circumstances, the undersigned feels
that he is placed in a most unpleasant dilemma.
While he may subject himself, on the one hand, to
legal prosecution by complying with the order of
the 13th instant, he is aware that he may, on the
other hand, incur blame and censure by failing to
do so.
He knows, however, that in appealing through
you to the House of Representatives to relieve him
m some way from the embarrassment in which he
is placed, he appeals to a body composed of indi-
viduals not one of whom would require him to do
an act which would have the remotest tendency to
involve him in personal difficulty.
He therefore most respectfully, but earnestly,
prays that the House may take such order in the
premises as will relieve him from the unpleasant
situation in which the conflicting resolutions of the
last and the present sessions, above referred to,
have placed him.
With the disposition to carry out promptly and
faithfully every order of the House of Representa-
tives of which he may be made the instrument, he
subscribes himself, most respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, -■ B. B. FRENCH,
Clerk of the Home of Representatives
of the United States. ■
Hon. John W. Davis,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
After an inquiry by Mr. JENKINS in relation
to the number of copies of the report which had
been presented to the members of the last Congress#
the reply to which, by the Clerk, the reporter could,
not hear—
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON offered the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk forthwith distribute the
report of Fremont according to the order of the
House of 13th January instant.
The SPEAKER said the resolution was not in
order except by general consent.
And no objection being made, the resolution was
entertained.
Mr. THOMPSON said that he did not object to
the course pursued by the Clerk in submitting this
subject to the House, but he objected to his reason-
ing in the communication just read, and he would
undertake to show that it is erroneous in every
principle. The Clerk takes the ground (continued
Mr. T.) that the former House having directed the
printing and distribution of Captain Fremont's re-
port, the books belonged to the members of that
House, and cannot now be authorized to be de-
livered to the members of this House; and that bv
doing so, be (the Clerk) would be subjecting himself
to suits or actions for so doing. I would ask, if we
have no power to recall a mere order of a former
Congress? It is assumed that there is a vested
right in these books, printed for distribution, in the
members of the Congress who made the order. Sir,
will it be pretended that they have an absolute prop-
erty in the book' Let us see how this is. Could
the number to which a member is entitled to be
levied on and sold for his debts? Could they be
attached' Is it possible that these books, printed
for distribution, and paid for out of the money of
the treasury, is the personal property of the mem-
ber, and that they would descend to his heirs, or go
to his executors to pay his debts? If this would not
follow, then is there no vested rights to be infringed
by this order. Sir, this question has been decided,
already decided, at this session of Congress. Mem-
bers had come on here, and taken their seats ac-
cording to the rules and usages of this House.
Notwithstanding this, sir, and notwithstanding it
was claimed that the members had vested rights by
virtue of the rules of the House, and by the act of
taking their seats, still the House rescinded the or-
der, and removed members from their seats, and
submitted them to a new appropriation by lottery.
The vested right, under the rules of the House,
was just as strong in the case of the seats as in this
case of the books. On that question it was object-
ed, that members could not vote, because prohibit-
ed by rules of the House from voting in cases in
which they were personally interested. The Chair
promptly decided that the interest was as a repre-
sentative, and not as an individual. Now, if these
books are individual property, then, by the rules
of the House, the members could not have voted
on the subject, because of the rule which prohibits
a member from voting when he is personally in-
terested. He could not have voted under these
circumstances. It is simply on the ground that he
is not voting for himself, but as a representative,
for the benefit and use of his constituents, that he
could vote for his own use. This is monstrous !
Why, what would be thought of a member who
should set up a shop, and sell the books voted by
the House? Would the Clerk distribute books to
such a one for such a purpose ? Could not the
House prevent such conduct ? If there be a vested
right, this could not be prevented; you would have
Urlet us go on.
Sir, the representative is a trustee for his con-
stituents. Cannot the trustee be changed, for the
purpose of executing the trust, to prevent the trust
from failing? Why, sir, it is every day's practice
to change a trustee for the benefit of the cestuy que
trust. I insist (said Mr. T.) that the members
here have only a qualified property in these books,
and all furnished by the same process. Their
property is only to receive and distribute them to
the people. They are trustees for this purpose.
The order of the 13th instant only changes the
