236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 2S.
limited quantities: referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
By Mr. BENTON; The papers and proofs of John Van
teiyke,ot Montgomery county, New YorK, asking for a pen-
sion : referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. COCKE: The petition of Jane Rankin, of Jeffer-
son county, Tennessee, widow of Keid Rankin, deceased,
asking Congress to grant her a pension.
By Mr. HENLEY: The application of the heirs of Mat-
thew Stewart, of Indiana, for money due said Matthew for
work done on the Cumberland road : referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
By Mr. CATIICART: The memorial ofE. M. Chamber-
lain and E. W. N. Ellis, of Goshen, Indiana, asking that a
donation of land be made to the State aforesaid, to aid in the
construction of a railroad therein specified, as a connecting
link in the contemplated route across the continent: refer-
red to the Com mittee on Public Lands. Also, the memorial
of sundry citizens of Elkhart county, Indiana, asking Con-
gress to construct a railroad to Oregon: referred to tile Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals. Also, the memorial of Wm.
H. Topping: referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr M.L.MARTIN: The petition of citizens of Ra-
cine, for a harbor appropriation at that place. The petition
of George E. Graves, for payment of certain losses sustained
bv him as mail contractor. The petition of citizens ot
Wisconsin, for appropriation on road froin MiHvaukic to
Fond du Lac, Wisconsin. The petition of citizens of Ea-
oine, for an appropriation on road from that place to Madi-
son, Wi-'eomin. The petition of citizen* of Racine, Wis-
consin, for ail appropriation on road from that place to
Belair.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 23, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap
proved.
The following are the members composing the
committee ordered yesterday to be appointed on
the motion of Mr. Sawtelle:
Messrs. Sawtelle, Hopkins, Stkes,Stewart,
and Wick.
The SPEAKER announced that the business
first m order would be the report of-the Commit-
tee of Elections in the case of the contested elec-
tion from Florida.
A PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he rose to a question of
privilege.
The SPEAKER said there was no motion be-
fore the House.
Mr. VANCE moved to suspend the rules, to
enable his colleague to make a personal explana-
tion.
Leave was granted.
Mr. GIDDINGS sent to the Chair the follow-
ing paragraph, contained in the speech of Mr.
Beoixger, of Vngmia, which was read by the
Cleric
" The South dreads not this contest on her own
' account more than other portions of this Union,
' and possibly not half so much as some. And it
' is a foul aspersion upon her character to say that
' she trembles because she is ' weak and helpless,
' defenceless and slavcholding.' And I will say to
' the person [Mr. Giddings, of Ohio] who threw
' out the base sugsrestion, that the South is able to
' defend her rights, not only on her own sunny
' plains, against the bloody efforts of reckless incen-
' diaries, but on this floor and elsewheie, against
' the Federal encroachments of him and his party
'upon the Constitution of the country. And I
' say to him fuither, that there are bondsmen in
' the South—negro slaves there—who have ever
' been more true and more faithful to their mas-
< ters—to the hands which feed and cherish them—
' than he has ever been to his country or its Con-
' stitution. And should he and his cherished allies
' and friends, the ' black regiments from the West
' Indies,' attempt an invasion of Southern soil,
< there are negro slaves there who would meet him
' at the thresholds of their masters' dwellings, and
1 scourge him home."
These remarks were made on the 15th instant,
while I was absent from the Hall, but did not ap-
pear in print until yesterday. I now embrace the
earliest opportunity of calling the attention of the
House and of the country to them. Their charac-
ter is obvious. They were intended to be grossly
offensive. They are as great a violation of the
rules of this House, of parliamentary decorum, as
they are of gentlemanly propriety. I, sir, can
enter into no personal altercation in this Hall. I
was not commissioned for that purpose. Were I
to do so I should forfeit my self-respect, and the
confidence of a high-minded and patriotic constit-
\s* explanatory of this personal attack, I will
call to the notice of the House some suggestions
put forth in a late number of the " Savannah Re-
publican." The editor of that paper, who I un-
derstand to be one of those Southern gentlemen who
occasionally traffic in the bodies of women and chil-
dren, says;
" Can any true patriot sanction such remarks as
' those uttered by Mr. Giddings on the floor of
' Congress? The time has been, when the man
' who dared to utter such sentiments would have
' been hooted, not only out of Congress, but out of
' the society of all men of patriotic feelings. It
' would be useless to expel him again from the
' House for the utterance of treasonable words,
' because he would doubtless be returned again by his
' constituents. The only course, thesefore, is) for
' the members of Congress and the conductors of
1 the press to treat him with contempt at the Capi-
' tol, and hold him up to the scorn of the people
' throughout the length and breadth of the land.
' Though it may not change his views, it will de-
' stroy his influence, and deter others from coming
' to his support."
The striking coincidence between the sugges-
tions of this editor and the attack of the member
from Virginia renders further remark on that point
unnecessary.
For the purpose of carrying out the object an-
nounced in the "Savannah Republican," a letter
was published in the Union of yesterday, pur-
porting to be written by the New York corres-
pondent of that paper, in which the writer says:
" The late vile and wicked spcech of Giddinqs
' in the House, appears to be calling forth most
' scorching rebukes from his own friends. The
' New York Observer, a religious paper of this
' city of wide circulation, and "an advocate for the
' final abolition of slavery, in speaking of the infa-
* mous tone of the Emancipator, the Liberator, and
' Girtm.vfts, says: ' 111 placing these ominous pas-
' sages from the Emancipator, the Liberator, and
'speeches in Congress, in their connexion, we
' have a distinct object. It is to declare to the
' world that these are not the sentiments of the non-
' slavcholding States, and they are not the. senti-
' ments of the anti-shivery Christians of the free,
' States. They are the sentiments of a portion only
' of those who arc technically called abolitionists,
( and who submit to the teachings of Messrs, Lea-
' vitt and Garrison, each of whom, at the head of
' his respective school, inculcates his peculiar
' opinions But the Christian abolitionists, or
' anti-slavery citizens of the North, desire no such
' means to be resorted to by Great Britain or the
' United States to deliver (he slaves of the South
'from their bondage. The work of emancipation
' is to be effected, and, unless by such a catastro-
i ' phe as Mr. Ginnivr.s invokes, will be effected by
1 ' the power of truth wm king in the minds and
' hearts of the southern penpjo.' "
Thus the epithets and denunciations of this cor-
respondent are sent forth " throughout the length
and breadth of the hind" by means of the Execu-
tive organ in this cilv. Nor is this all: the writer
has quoted the pitiful attempts of a New York edi-
tor to associate my name with those of other gen-
tlemen on whom lie appears to think a degree of
odium rests, and by lh.il. un-ans lo effect his por-
tion of the work assigned to liitn by his slave-
breeding overseer. While be is doing this, he
sacrilegiously attempts to pledge the Christian
public of the North m favor of an indefinite con-
tinuation of the crime of slavery.
1 shall not attempt to say whether myself, "the
non-slaveholding States," the "anti-slavery Chris-
tians of the free States," or our holy religion, is
most slandered by this profoundly "religious"
paper. However that may be, an officer of this
House 1ms sent it forth " throughout the length
and breadth of the land."
In this connexion I am told that I ought to no-
tice another coadjutor in this work A person ad-
mitted upon this floor under the rules of the House,
in consequence of his connexion as a reporter to
the leading Whig paper of this city, was seen at
his desk yesterday hawking a certain caricature
designed to aid the" more elevated calumniators in
their work of detraction. Now, sir, I wish to say
to the House that this vender of caricatures, the
New York correspondent of the "Union," the
"religious newspaper" referred to, the editor of
the Executive orsan, the editor of the "Savannah
Republican," and the member from Virginia, are
too late in entering upon their work. I feel no ap-
prehension of danger from their shafts. They do
not possess the power necessary to hurl them with
sufficient force to reach me; ana my object in thus
detaining the House is to call public attention to
some of the parties combined together for the pur-
pose of overawing members of this House, and to
prevent them from a discharge of their official duty.
Sir, I trust in God there are many members of
both political parties who, ere long, will hurl defi-
ance at such combinations, and who will put forth
their utmost power to redeem this House and the
country from the supercilious control of a slave-
holding; faction.
Mr. BEDINGER (leave having been granted to
him for an explanation in reply) rose and said: I
was not aware, when I made the remarks the
other day to which the gentleman from Ohio haa
alluded, that he was not in his seat. It is well
known to those who are well acquainted with me
that I do not see very well without my glasses,
and I did not wear them when I spoke. When X
first rose I was near his seat, and I thought, and
still think, he was in it at that moment; but I take
this opportunity to say, that the same words
would have been uttered by me if I had been cer-
tain he was in his seat. As to the gentleman's
not desiring any controversy with me, I can say,
from the bottom of my heart, that 1 have quite as
little desire to have anything like a controversy
with him. Though I may be ambitious, I cer-
tainly have no ambition which would prompt me
to tilt with windmills.
1 regret not that the remarks were made, but
that they may have aided that gentleman in the
smallest degree to obtain that notoriety which
seems to be his whole object here.
DEFENCES OP THE COUNTRY.
Mr. HARALSON rose and said, that, by leave
of the gentleman who was entitled to the floor,
[Mr. Cabell,] and to whom he (Mr. H.) had
spoken privately, he had risen for the purpose of
asking the unanimous consent of the House to
make a report from the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. SCHENCK rose to move that the rules be
suspended for the purpose of calling the commit-
tees generally for reports.
The SPEAKER said, that the question was on
granting the unanimous consent asked for by the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Haralson.]
Mr. SCHENCK objected; and again submitted
his motion.
The SPEAKER said, there was no rule at pre-
sent in force that could be suspended. The un-
finished business on which the House was engaged
was a question of privilege, and, as such, would
override everything else. The House could only
entertain any other matter by unanimous consent.
Mr. HARALSON inquired whether he under-
stood the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] as
objecting to his (Mr. H.'s) motion.
5vtr. SCHENCK said he did object, because
there were a number of members wl'io desired to
make reports from committees.
The SPEAKER satd debate could not be enter-
tained.
Mr. HARALSON would only remark, he said,
that the bill which he desired to report related to
the defences of the country, and that he would
have been pleased to present it at this time.
So the report was not made.
Mr. SCHENCK (the floor having been yielded
for the purpose by Mr. Cabell, and the Speaker
having intimated that the objcct which Mr. S. had
in view might, under the rules, be accomplished
in such a way) moved to postpone the consideration
of the unfinished business until the committees
shall have been called for reports.
But the motion was rejected.
CONTESTED ELECTION FROM FLORIDA.
So the House resumed the consideration of the
unfinished business of yesterday, being the report
of the Committee of Elections, on the subject of
the contested election from Florida.
Mr. CABELL, the sitting member, was entitled
to the floor.
Before commencing his remarks,
Mr. C. inquired of the Speaker whether any
intervals of time that might be occupied in expla-
nations by other gentlemen, should he (Mr. C.)
yield the floor for that purpose, would be consid-
ered as a part of the hour to which the rule would
confine him?
The SPEAKER. It is usual so to do.
