-&.<k
1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
By Mr. THUKMAN: The petition of Thomas Scott, of
Ohio: referred to tbe Committee of Claims.
By Mr. WENTWOKTH: The petition of Mary Stanton,
of Kane county, Illinois, for a pension: referred to the
Committee ou Revolutionary Pensions. The petition of
sundry citizens of Du Page county, Illinois, for abolishing
slavery in the District of Columbia. From the same, against
the annexation of yexas: referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories. The petition of sundry citizens of Bloomington,
McLean county, Illinois, for a congress of nations: referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. ABBOTT: The petition of Samuel C. Jackson
and forty-nine others, citizens of West Andover, in the State
of Massachusetts, praying tlmt, for the settlement of national
disputes, provision may be made by law, or in any constitu-
tional Way, for a proposal to other Governments that a con-
gress of nations may be assembled, to form n code of inter-
national law, by which their varying interests may be deter-
mined.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 26, 1846.
r The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate an
additional document in relation to the memorial of
certain officers of the army on the subject of bre-
vet and staff rank; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
PETITIONS.
Mr. PENNYBACKER presented the petition
of the administrators of Richard Harris and of
Nimrod Farrow, dcccascd, praying for remunera-
tion for loss sustained in consequence of the breach
of their contract with the United States Govern-
ment bv said Government, in the erection of a
fort on Dauphin island; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. STURGEON presented two memorials of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying the construction
of harbors on the eastern side of Reedy island
and at Bomba Hook, in the Delaware river; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ARCHER presented the petition of Wil-
liam Stark Jett, administrator of Thomas Jolt, de-
ceased, praying the payment of certain outstand-
ing loan-oflice certificates said to have been lost or
destroyed; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BENTQN' presented the petition of .Tames
L. Sawyer, praying compensation for services
rendered as cjeik ill the office of the collector of
the port of New York; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Henry
Nortlirup, praying- compensation (ov a horse, sad-
dle, and Bridle, lost in the military service of the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mitteo on Claims.
Mr. BENTON submitted a document exhibit-
ing the amount of bounties on exported salt pro-
visions and picklcd fish, allowances to vessels
employed in the fisheries, mid drawback on do-
mestic refined sugar exportpd, and net duty on
salt imported from the commencement of the Gov-
ernment to the 30t.lt of June, 1845; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BAG-BY presented the memorial of James
H. Causten and others, praying the payment of
the certificates issued by the United States, under
the Mexican convention, to claimants in whoso
favor awards have been made by said convention;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the petition of citi-
zens of Portsmouth, N. H.,and others, asking for
the adoption of measures to secnic the amicable
adjustment of all international difficulties, asked
that said committee be discharged fl-om the further
consideration of said petition; which was granted.
Mr. A. also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the petition of John A. Ragan, ask-
ing compensation for acting as counsel of the Uni-
ted Slates in a certain suit, asked that said commit-
tee be discharged from the further consideration of
the petition, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs; which request was agreed to.
Mr. A. also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of sundry merchants of
the city of New York in relation to seamen's wa-
ges, further reported "A bill in relation to seamen's
wages;" which was read and passed to a second
reading; the petition accompanying the bill was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. A., from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of Thomas Cowperthwaite,
together with certain resolutions passed by the
Legislatures of New Hampshire and Georgia, peti-
tioning Congress to take measures for the publica-
tion of the decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States, and their distribution among the
several States and Territories of the Union, report-
ed a bill to effect said object; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred a pe-
tition of the inhabitants of Paducah, Kentucky,
praying that Francis A. Harrison, postmaster at
Paducah, may not be allowed to suffer loss in
consequence of the burning of the Post Office at
that place, reported a bill for the relief of said post-
master ; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. IIANNEGAN submitted the following res-
olution, which was agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be directed to inquire into the merits and advan-
tages of Richard F. Loper's patent submerged pro-
peller; his improved patent mode of elevating and
depressing propellers of steam vessels, when sail-
ing at sea, or laying-to in a gale of wind; also his
patent improved propeller steam engine; and report
upon the adaptation of the same for naval purposes,
especially for speedily converting sailing ships into
the most effective class of war-steamers.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the fol-
lowing resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be
instructed to inquire into the evpediency of pur-
chasing for the use of the Senate number of
a book entitled An Accountof the Condition of the
Oregon Territory, its soil, climate, and geographi-
cal position, together with a statement of the claims
of Russia, Spain, Great Britain, and the United
States, recently published in this city by Wyndham
Robinson, jr.
OREGON.
Mr. MANGUM rose to offer, or rather to give
notice of an amendment which he proposed to
| offer, to the resolution, in the form of an amend-
j mont, which had been submitted by his honorable
friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Cim-TExnUN,] and
which was before the Senate. In doing so, he
adopted but the conception of an honoiable friend
in the other House, Mr. King, of Georgia. On
consultation with that gentleman, he found his
views to approximate with those which he himself
entertained, with but a slight disagreement only.
He hoped that the _ resolution would be now read,
so that, in connexion, the amendment which he
proposed to submit would be properly understood.
The question, in his opinion, was one of great
importance. The resolution which had been offer-
ed by the Senator from Kentucky, as far as it
went, was in coincidence, at least, with his own
views; but he thought it stopped short of the ne-
cessities of the case. At all events, he desired that
his own views should be presented to his own
constituents. He asked that, by the courtesy of
the Senate, the resolution of the Senator from Ken-
tucky bo first read; and it was read, as follows,
viz;
"A Resolution concerning the Territory of Oregon.
"Whereas, by the convention concluded the 20th
day of October, 1818, between the United States of
America and the King of the United Kingdom of
Great Britain and Ireland, for the period of ten
years, and^ afterwards indefinitely extended and
continued in force by another convention of the
same pal-tics, concluded the (jth day of August,
18:27, it was agreed that any country that way
claimed by either party on the northwest coast of
America, west of the Stony or Rocky mountains,
commonly called the Oregon Territory, should, to-
gether with its harbors, fiavs, and creeks, and the
navigation of all rivers within the same, be 1 free
and open' to the vessels, citizens, and subjects of
tbe two powers, but without prejudice to any claim
which either of the parties might have to any part
of said country; and with this further provision in
the 3d article of the said convention of the 6th of
August, 1827, that either party might abrogate and
annul the said convention, on giving due notice of
twelve months to the other contracting party:
"And whereas it has now become desirable that
the respective slaims of the United States and
Great Britain should be definitely settled; and that
said territory may no longer than need be remain
subject to the evil consequences of the divided al-
legiance of its American and British population,
and of the confusion and conflicts of national juris-
dictions, dangerous to the cherished peace and good
understanding of the two countries:
" With a view, therefore, that steps be taken for
the abrogation of the said convention of the 6th
August, 1827, in the mode prescribed in the 2d
article, and that the attention of the Governments
of both countries may be the more earnestly and
immediately directed to renewed efforts for the set-
tlement of all their differences and disputes in re-
spect to said territory:
" Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized, at his discretion, to
give to the British Government the notice required
by its said 2d article for the abrogation of said con-
vention of the 6th August, 1827 : Provided, how-
ever, That, in order to afford ample time and op-
portunity for the amicable settlement and adjust-
ment of all their differences and disputes in respect
to said territory, said notice ought not to be given
till after the close of the present session of Con-
gress."
The following is the amendment which Mr.
Mangum proposes to submit, viz:
" Provided further, That the said notice shall be
accompanied with a proposition from this Govern-
ment to submit the claims of the United Slates and
Great Britain to said territory, to the arbitration of
a person or persons qualified to determine upon
their respective rights in and to the same, whose
decision shall be binding upon both nations.
" Resolved,.That the Committee on Territories be,
and hereby is, instiucted (the House of Represen-
tatives concurring) to report a bill organizing a
territorial government in Oregon, to go into opera-
tion at the expiration of the notice aforesaid, ter-
minating the existing convention between the two
governments, unless the President, in his discre-
tion and by proclamation, shall suspend the same,
which he is authorized to do, until a reasonable
time after the meeting of the next session of Con-
gress thereafter: Provided, That, at that time, the
lights of the respective nations to the territory in
dispute shall not have been definitely determined
by negotiation or arbitration: And, further, That a
copy of the foregoing preamble and resolutions
shall accompany the notice to the Government of
Great Britain herein provided for."
The amendment was ordered to be printed for
the use of the Senate.
EUROPEAN INTERFERENCE IN AMERICAN
AFFAIRS.
Mr. ALLEN rose to call up the motion laying on
the table a motion made by him some days previous
for leave to introduce a joint resolution m refer-
ence to the interference of foreign Powers in the
affairs of this continent. He reminded the Senate
that he had given notice that on last Friday he
would move the Senate to take up that motion;
but, as the Senate had adjourned over on Thurs-
day last till this day, (Monday,) he had not had
the opportunity of making this motion at the time
he had named. He therefore embraced the pre-
sent occasion of submitting to the Senate the mo-
tion to take from the table the motion submitted by
htm on a previous day. He called for the yeas
and nays on the question.
Mr. BAGBY wished to know what was the mo-
tion that lay on the table.
The PRESIDENT. The motion for leave to
introduce a joint resolution.
After a short conversation, in which Messrs.
BAGBY, SPEIGHT, and MANGUM took part,
relative to the precise nature of the question be-
fore the Senate, and the presiding officer having
stated it to be on the taking up from the table the
consideration of a motion for leave to introduce a
resolution, notice of the introduction of which had
been given by the Senator from Ohio, the calling
of the yeas and nays was proceeded with, and re-
sulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Ath-
erton, Bagby, Benton, Breese, Bright, Cass, Chal-
mers, Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Han-
negan, Lewis, Niles, Pennybacker, Simmons,
Speight, Sturgeon, Turney, and Woodbridge—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Cal-
