240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
houn, Cameron, T. Clayton, J. M. Clayton, Cor-
win, Crittenden, Davis, Evans, Greene, Hunting-
ton, Jarnagin, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum,
Miller, Pearee, Phelps, Upham, and Webster—21.
So the motion was taken up for consideration.
Mr. CASS then rose, and was proceeding to ad-
dress the Senate, when he was interrupted by
Mr. WEBSTER, who inquired if the question
now before the Senate was, whether leave should
be given to the Senator from Ohio to introduce his
resolution.
This question being answered in the affirmative,
Mr. CASS proceeded as follows:
Mr. President: When this subject was before
the Senate a few days since, I rose for the pur-
pose of expressing my views briefly upon some
points presented for consideration; but I was pre-
vented by the form which the question assumed.
I beg leave to do now what I wished to do then,
and to remind the Senate that the honorable Sena-
tor from South Carolina, whose enlarged expe-
rience, and whose far higher qualities than expe-
rience, demand and command the attention of the
Senate and the country, expressed the opinion, that,
by the mode of introduction, in passing over the
Committee on Foreign Relations, the honorable
chairman of that committee, the introducer of the
subject, had been wanting in courtesy to the com-
mittee, and perhaps in his duty to the Senate. 1
cannot thus view this proceeding. The rights of
the member from Ohio, as one of the representa-
tives of that State, are not diminished by lus po-
sition upon the Committee on Foreign Relations.
He may at any time bring forward any measure
he thinks proper upon his own individual respon-
sibility. And there may well be questions wluch,
from their nature, require unusual solemnity, which
may demand a more formal mode of introduction,
and to which it may be proper to call the attention
of the Senate, in order that the attention of the com-
mittee may be more seriously directed to them.
This mode of proceeding does not preclude the
action of the committee. The very proposition of
the Senator from Ohio is that his resolution be re-
ferred to the committee, that it may be there con-
sidered and changed, if change be deemed neces-
sary, and then.be brought forward for discussion
here. All this, it seems to me, is courteous to-
wards the committee, and not liable to the censure
of the Senate. It is due to the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations to say that he did
mention to myself, and I imagine to other mem-
bers, his intention to introduce a resolution upon
this subject as an individual member of this body.
1 will add too, sir, that I fully approve the general
object of protesting against the application of a
false and dangerous doctrine to the free States of
this continent, though I do not commit myself to
any specific course of action, nor to any particular
phraseology; and I have no doubt such are the
views of the honorable mover of the resolution;
and it is very easy for him, if he thinks proper,
with a view to greater unanimity, to make a modi-
fication of a part of his resolution, which will leave
wholly untouched its general purport, but which
will obviate the principal, and, as it strikes me,
the only substantial objection I have heard to Ins
proposition.
It seems to me, sir, it will very rarely happen
that a subject will be proposed by a member of
this body for the consideration of the Senate, and 1
may add, of the nation, which is not worthy of a
passing thought, or word, or action—which ought
to be instantly, and in fact thereby indignantly re-
pelled, without consideration. But most certainly
if a subject is sufficiently important to demand at-
tention, and opportune m point of time, it ought
not to be thrown under your desks, and then trod-
den under your feet. Is this matter important?
Is its presentation opportune? I suppose no one
will question its importance. It involves a subject
whose limit in space is the boundaries of this con-
tinent, and whose limit in time is perhaps the du-
ration of the destinies of the people who may in-
habit it. And as to opportunity, such a question
finds it or makes it. It is always a proper one. It
has been opportune for twenty years—ever since
Mr. Monroe first denounced this European inter-
ference, and presented it to the consideration oi
Coi>o-re'ss, when the honorable Senator from South
Carolina occupied a distinguished place in lus cab-
met with so much honor to himeeli and advantage
to lus country—a measure, I presume, which met
his cordial concurrence, as it did that ol the nation.
•But no response was made to it by Congress, and
it has therefore remained a dead letter upon the
history of our intercourse with other nations. But
it is peculiarly opportune at this time, because it
has been presented to our consideration in the
Message of the President; because it has recently
been presented to the Chamber of Deputies by the
Prime Minister of France; and because it is, at this
moment, practically enforced by French and Brit-
ish fleets and armies in South America. It is the
assertion of a great principle—of an everlasting
principle—of the right of the independent nations
upon tliis hemisphere to be free from the control
of the powers of Europe, and an assertion by the
oldest of the family of nations upon this continent,
made by one for the benefit of all. Nor do I see
that it has the least connexion with our controversy
with England. That is a question of title. She
has got possession, by an improvident act of ours,
of a portion of our territory, and we propose to
serve her with a notice which may become a notice
to quit. But this is quite another matter, having
no exclusive relation to England, but involving far
other considerations, and leading to far other re-
sults. And the English papers which arrived by the
mail of yesterday morning show the necessity of
putting ourselves right upon this great question,
rhc strangest misapprehension, or 1 might rather
say misrepresentation, prevails on this subject in
England. The Spectator and the Times—the former
rather fairly disposed, and the latter disposed for all
mischief—botli represent the President's declaration
upon tins subjeel as a direct interference with the
rights of European Powers holding possessions
upon this continent. And stranger yet, the Spec-
tator represents the measures proposed by the Pre-
sident, us the consequence ol' the very principle
denounced by luni. It suites " that tho immediate
' application of the abstract principle is made to
' Oregon;" and then adds, that " the President ad-
1 vises Congress to anil and organize the militia
' that they may be prepared to leceive all comniu-
' nities already settled on the North American con-
' tiuent into the bosom of the Union, and prevent
1 the colonization of any part of the continent by
' European nations." A more impudent perver-
sion of a public document was never made; but it
will run its race, and fulfil its task, and many an
honest Englishman will believe that this Govern-
ment is seeking with the strong hand to seize the
British colonies. The Times, as usual, is jrel bolder
in its denunciation, and moie leckless in its asser-
tions. Itsajs: " Mr. Polk declares, in the mostex-
' plieit language, that so far as the continent of North
'America extend*, the United States are deter-
' mined to warn oil'every intruder." " Hence they
' not only assail the particular rights and posses-
' sions of their neighbors, upon wluch at one time
' or another they chance to have cast their furtive
' eyes, but they violate the whole system of the po-
' litical economy of the world, and proclaim a direct
' hostility to all the principles of civilized nations."
" Nay, wo must also infer from the language of
* the President that existing rights and settlements
1 are held by a questionable tenure, and that all the
' various dependencies of Britain, Russia, Spain,
' Franco, Holland, Belgium, and the Baltic Powers,
' in and about the soil of IN orth America, await the
' application of the grand principle of absorption;
' whilst the independent Governments of a purely
' American character, such as Mexico and Uuate-
■' mala, are already condemned to successive spoha-
' Hons. We are not now pleading our own cause
' in the question of Oregon, or wilting with refer-
' ence to the encroachments which must ere long
' be directed against the oldest British settlements
' in North America, if such a principle as this is al-
' lowed to prevail. For the maintenance of those
' rights we are to look directly to the strength of
' England, which inspires a secret dread, even to
' those who have ceased to acknowledge the obli-
' gations of faith and justice," "If such princi-
' pies as these arc to regulate the policy of Amen-
' ca, and the relations of States on that continent,
' how long will they be excluded fiom Europe? j
' The fashion of attacking the weak, and plunder- i
' ing the helpless, and exalting dubious claims into j
' rights, will soon iind its application here in the I
' spirit of the factious minority which deliberates !
' about war and national honor m the French j
' Chambers : it is the nature of unscrupulous poli- I
' ticians all over the world. In Europe we see it
' happily crushed and imprisoned; but in the Uni-
' ted States, it speaks with the voice of the Exec-
'utive Government,'1!^ threatens to wield the
' power of a nation, 's. If anything could excite
surprise in the Times, such paragraphs as this
might do it.. As to its panegyric upon tjhe princi-
ples of, England, as contrasted' with those of the
United States, I let that pass, contenting myself
■with remarking, that the extent of her power is
the proof of her moderation, aiid the means of its
acquisition of her justice. I have no disposition
to engage in this war of abuse. I leave that in
abler hands—in the hands of the British press, ca-
tering, I am afraid, for the appetite of the British
public.
But, Mr. President, how stand the facts thus
announced and falsified? Mr. Monroe, in his
Message in 1823, expressly said-, " with the ex-
' isting colonies or dependencies of any European
' Power, we have not interfered, and shall not in-
' terfere." " But with the Governments who have
' declared their independence, and maintained it,
' and whose independence we have, on great con-
' sideration and just principles, acknowledged, we
' could not view any interference for the purpose
' of oppressing them, or controlling in any other
' manner their destiny by any European Power in
' any other light than as a manifestation of an un-
1 friendly disposition towards the United States."
Mr. Polk says: "Existing rights of European
nations should be respected." What can be more
just or more explicit? As to what is called the
principle of anti-colonization, itis thus announced
by Mr. Monroe,and repeated by Mr. Polk: "The
' American continents, by the free and independent
'condition which they have assumed and main-
' tained, are henceforth not to be considered as sub-
'jects for future colonization by any European
'Power." All this is very clearand . very j ust, It
means that the independent States upon,this con-
tinent are not $gain to be reduced to European
colonies. " The people of the United States,"
says Mr. Polk, " cannot, therefore, view with in-
' difference attempts of European Powers to inter—
' fere with the independent action of the nations
' on this continent." " But in regard to the con-
' tinents," says Mr. Monroe, " circumstances are
' evidently and conspicuously different. It is im-
' possible that the Allied Powers should extend
' their political existence to any portions of either
' continent, without endangerih^oiir peace and
'happiness. Nor can any one believe that our
' southern brethren, if left to themselves, would
' adopt it of their own accord. It is equally im-
' possible, therefore, that we should behold such
' interference in any form with indifference."
And yet two eminent English journals, and very
probably more, have, with great obtuseness of in-
tellect, or from some worse motive, represented
the doctrine thus laid down as the assertion of a
principle which would not only prevent European
Powers, possessing colonies upon this hemisphere,
from improving them and augmenting their popu-
lation by emigration, but also from holding them.
Both Mr. Monroe and Mr. Polk well 'knew that
from the arctic circle to Cape Horn, this continent
was divided into independent States and European
colonies. There is not a foot of it which is not
thus held or claimed. They both disclaimed all
interference with European rights; and in the
very message of Mr. Polk announcing this doc-
trine, he announces also that he had made a pro-
position to England by which, if accepted, she
would have secured a most extensive and valuable
region upon the Pacific. No one out of a lunatic
asylum, or who ought to be out of it, can suppose
that while stating this offer, he could state also
that England could not occupy, nor settle, nor im-
prove the country. His views, as well as those
of his predecessor, are clear enough if no perver-
sion is sought. The status quo of the independent
nations is to exist. They are not to be converted
into colonies. No system of colonization is to be
again applied to them. Mr. Monroe's principle
of non-interference extends to the whole continent.
Mr. Polk's, with more caution, is limited to North
America, as that portion of the continent more
immediately connected with our rights and our in-
terests. But both proceed upon the same general
principle, that such an interference cannot take
place without injury to us, and that we may there-
fore justly protest against it. And it is not a little
singular, considering the opposition in the Senate
to the very consideration of this subject, that Mr.
Monroe should have stated that, " It is gratifying
' to know that some of the Powers, with whom
