242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26 .
others—none of interfering with the colonial pos-
sessions of the European Powers—none of denying
their right to establish all the relations of peace
they please with this continent, nor of changing
these to relations of war when they think just
cause of war exists, followed, in that case, by all
the rights which a state of hostilities brings with
it. But it is a question of applying to Amcrica an
artificial system built up in Europe within the last
century and a half, which the most careless obser-
ver of history well knows has neither diminished
the number nor the extent of wars, nor increased
the stability of independent States, nor promoted
the happiness of mankind. A system of power
built up in reality for the maintenance of monarch-
ical institutions, under the guise of maintaining a
necessary political equilibrium. Wow, sir, 1 hope
we shall be satisfied with our own good tilings,
■Without preaching any system of political propa-
gandise . If other people prefer monarchical to
republican institutions, so be it. We have no right
to quarrel with their decision, however .much we
may difi'er from their views. The worl'd is wide
enough for them and us. But we have a right to
expect that no undue means be taken, under any
pretence whatever, to assail the existing institu-
tions upon this hemisphere, or to exert any influ-
ence to change them, or to interfere at nil with its
political condition. This is the object of the Sen-
ator from Ohio; and it is an object worthy of the
attention and action of Congress, and of the ap-
probation of the country.
Why need we be so peculiarly sensitive upon
this question ?—for 1 see it has excited some sen-
sation in various quarters. No one doubts our
right to respond to the declaration of the President.
No one can dispute its importance. No gentleman,
I am sure, upon the floor of the Senate, has the
least wish to conciliate England by a self-restrain-
ing policy. Mild words, we are told by the wise
man, turn away wrath. It may be so; but they
never yet turned away cupidity or ambition. 1 do
not see that the English statesmen are very regard-
ful of the feelings ol' this country, either ill the
measures they adopt or in the language they em-
ploy. Lord John Russell, who has recently been
called to the head of the British Administration,
but which position he could not hold, in his com-
ments upon the President's declaration respecting j
Oregon, in April last, called ii blustering; and 1 did
not observe that tiiis coarse epithet drew upon the j
speaker the least censure from Parliament, or the ;
people, or the press. 1 have seen no such epithet I
applied here to the language of the British Uueen, i
nor even of the British Cabinet, though my expo- j
rience tells me that, had sucli been the case, there
is many a journal in tins country wliieli would
have visited it with strong rebuke. Put Lord
John Russell lays himself liable to u severe retort
when he says, m that very speech: " For my
own part, I will say, in all moderation, that I am
not prepared to say that this country ought to put
forward any arrogant pretensions."
Precious moderation this ! What can be more
arrogant than to chum moderation because a coun-
try is not prepared to put forward arrogant preten-
sions'! If this be the moderation of England, what
would be her arrogance ?
Look at the state of things in Brazil! The treaty
between that country and England on the subject
of the right of search has expired. But has the
right expired also? It has, but not the practice.
England yet stops, with the strong hand, Brazilian
ships, wherever-she finds them m tropical lati-
tudes, and seizes and sends them to her own courts
of admiralty for condemnation. And this in ut-
ter contempt of all the laws regulating the rights
of independent nations.
I allude to all these facts, because they ought to
warn us of our duty. I allude to them, m despite
of the charge, which has been, and will again be
made—out of the Senate, not in it—of a desire to
excite undue prejudice against England. I have
no such desire. But I have a desire that my own
country should be aware of her true position, and
should be prepared to meet her responsibility,
•whatever difficulties may beset her path—prepared,
sir, in head, in hand, and in heart. Yes, sir, not-
withstanding the severe commentaries which a cas-
ual expression of the honorable Senator from Ohio
has encountered from a portion of the public press, I
will repeat the expression—prepared in the heart.
For if war should come, which may Providence
avert, I trust the hearts of our countrymen will be
prepared for the struggle it will bring. There is
no better preparation, nor any surer cause or
augury of success.
When I read the President's Message, sir, I
found four- principal statements or suggestions
which seemed to me to render our relations with
England exceedingly critical; so critical, indeed, as
to demand the immediate attention and action of
Congress, and the solemn consideration of the
country. The President stated, in effect, that the
negotiations with England on the subject of Oregon
were closed; that we had a clear title to the whole
of it; that the year's notice for the termination
of the convention ought be given; and that we
should then take exclusive possession of the whole
country. I do not quote the words, but these are
substantially the views of the President. Now,
sir, it was clear to me that * here was a state of
things which might well excite the solicitude of
any man in the unprepared condition of the coun-
try. And yet what vials of wrath have been poured
out upon the heads of all the Senators whose meas-
ures really tended to avert war by preparing for it.
The mails arc loaded with abusive anonymous
letters, because they believe the country is in
danger, mid believing so, say so, and thus saying
and believing, strive to prepare for the worst, still
hoping, though sometimes against hope, for the
best.
The honorable Senators on the other side, who
took part in the discussion respecting the national
defences, I believe, without exception, expressed
their satisfaction at the President's Message. And
yet no man can doubt that, if the measures suggest-
ed by him are carried into effect, and if England
docs not recede greatly from all her former "posi-
tions, war must come. Still we are called panic-
makers and seekers of war. As the thermometer
of the stock exchange rises and falls,a representa-
tive of the people is wise or rash in the measures
he proposes, or honest or dishonest in the motives
that actuate him. It is not my habit to cast reflec-
tions upon any class of employment; but without
\iolating this rule, 1 may express the gratification
that there arc higher interests than those of stock-
jobbing in this country, and a mighty mass who
control its destinies, and who know nothing of the
operations of a NVall-street financier.
J expressed my approbation of the President's
Message; but oil the subject of the state of the
country, I did not say one word more than I in-
tended and intend now. I am no lover of war.
1 am no seeker of it. But I have to learn that it
is hastened by adequate preparation. I have passed
through one war, and hope never to see another.
Still I shall never cry peace, peace, unless I be-
lieve there is truly pence. The honorable Senator
f'i urn Kentucky, whom I first met many years
ai;o, marching to the battle-field, and who will
always be found on the side of his country, sup-
posed, when the question of the national defence
was under discussion, I had said war was inevit-
able. Ho misunderstood me. I considered the
danger of war imminent, not inevitable. Had 1
thought it inevitable, 1 should not have submitted
propositions for inquiry, but decisive measures for
adoption. I hold on firmly, sir, to every word I
said before, neither softening nor explaining; but
denying, because 1 apprehended we might have
war, therefore I desired it. And [ still "consider
danger imminent, not diminished, so far as I
know, by the reccnt arrival. The subject m con-
troversy remains precisely as it was. The ques-
tion was, and is, whether we shall surrender to
the British demands, or whether the British Gov-
ernment shall surrender to ours, ff no such cession
is made by either party, the two countries will be
brought into conflict. I see no indication that one
or the other will sufficiently yield. And there is
an article in the London Tunes, of January 2,
which does not look as thoush England would go
farther in her offers than she had already gone.
It is unequivocal and decisive.
" Equality of holding is dictated by justice.
' Equality of partition between England and the
' United States is dictated by the convenience of
' both. What the conditions of this partition ought
< to he we shall consider on another occasion; but
' we contend that both suggestions of strict right,
' and those higher considerations of comprehen-
' sive equity, forbid us to concede, for one mo-
' ment, one jot of those advantages, whether of
' soil, rivers, or harbors, which, for half a century,
' have been shared, with equal security and equal
1 benefit, by the subjects o#the British Crown and
' the citizens of the United;States." • • .* -•
And I feel at liberty to say, that,nothing has
been received by the Government, by- the last
packet, which would at all warrant us in suspend-
ing or postponing our .measures of defence.
Mr. WEBSTER. Have, they received any ad-
vices at all ?
Mr. CASS. They have.
Mr. WEBSTER. Have they received any ad-
vices creating any additional necessity for aug-
menting; the defences of the country f
Mr. CASS. I do not know that any of that
purport have been received; if I did, I do not know '
that I should be at liberty to state them. All I
know is, that the character of the advices is stteh
as cannot justify any change in our policy.
Mr. WEBSTER. WeB, that is all that I un-
derstood.
Mr. CASS. It is not men, but fears and facts,
that make panics in this country, if I must adopt
that word. But I repudiate it as applicable to the
gTeat body of the American people. They feel
no panic. They feel anxiety, no doubt, but .de-
termination also—a hope that England wSJLlfo.us
justice, and, if not, a determination to do jusKce to
themselves.
I must ask the indulgence of the Senate for al-
luding to this topic at this time. I do so wfth the
deep conviction that all other legislative measures
should give way to measures of defence, and in the
hope that such will be the action of Congress.
Then, if war comes, we shall have no self-reproach
to meet, and if peace is preserved, what we do will
be well done for a similar future contingency, which
no nation can expect long to avoid.
One word more. Much has been said of the ac-
her military and naval means. Of the fact itself
there is no doubt, though various motives have
been assigned for her conduct. X hold in my hand
an extract from the Journal des Debats of the 1st
of December last. The character of that journal is
well known. It enjoys the full confidence of the
French ministry. It is cautious in its statement of
facts, and especially of great, political fects, anti
cautious in its speculations. It says;,
" Thus the British and American Cabinets are
' very widely separated in opinion; the concern of
' mere interest has become secondary, the point of
' honor rises and rules. Sir Robert Peel and Lord
' Aberdeen are equally pledged. Their declarations
' are not all: England has gone further; and has
1 continued, with an outlay of many millions, her
' maritime preparations, at which France took um-
' brage mal a propos; and her naval materiel has
' been augmented to the most formidable degree of
' power. At this moment she is prepared for any
' issue; she has taken her precautions, as if a war
1 might break out in 1846. The United States, on
' the contrary, have not prepared themselves for
' this fearful event."
Now, sir, all this coming from the quarter from
whencc it cotnes, is very significant; and when
cleared of the little mystery about it, it says in ef-
fect that France, seeing these immense prepara-
tions, has taken the alarm, and has done what the
European Governments always do, when extraor-
dinary armaments are making in other countries
around them, has demanded explanations ofEng-
land, who had satisfactorily given -them, so that
France found she had taken umbrage mal a propos,
These armaments were not, and are not, directed
against her, nor against any quarter interesting to
her. Where they were and are directed, needs no
prophet to tell; and if it did, this prophet presents
himself in the Journal des Debats.
And I will add, sir, that the most recent and au-
thoritative advices from England state that th^
same activity yet prevails in all branches of th©
service connected with the offensive and defensive
measures of the country.
Mr. CALHOUN remarked that he did not know
whether it was material or not that the discussion
should take place on the motion pending, or on the
merits of the resolution itself. He had no idea that
the Senate would adopt the resolution. But if it
was the desire to go on with the discussion now,
he had no objection.
Mr. ALLEN. I entertain the same desire I ex-
pressed at the time I asked leave to introduce the
resolution, that the said resolution be recei^edj and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
