244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan.
But I do complain of the unheard-of, unparalleled
course which he has undertaken to pursue in re-
gard to me—particularly in this business. And
now for another precedent. I will not undertake
to read this long speech of the Senator, which
teems with more matter calculated to excite the
wrath of Great Britain than all the speeches made
on this floor since—a speech which went into the
social organization of the British empire—dis-
sected her population, and held it up as compris-
ing so much slavery and so much freedom—a
speech that denounced her for holding one-eighth
of the human race in subjection as base as that in
which a certain class of persons in the South are
held—a speech more calculated to stir up the war
feeling than any which had now been delivered,
or were likely to be delivered on Oregon. The
condition to which England had reduced poor Ire-
land was glowingly depicted by the Senator in
that speech; the wretched condition of her own
people at home was portrayed, and the great mass
of the population of the empire were denominated
slaves, all slaves with the exception of some three
or four hundred thousand in England, who held
the elective franchise. But I go not into that; and,
let me repeat, I do not indulge in these reminiscen-
ces byway of censure. I state these tilings in order
that the language mid spirit of the Senator himself
may justify me. against that very Senator's censure
now. But I will go to other authorities—to cases
that, fortunately for me, touch the matter in hand
exactly—to cases that look directly to the princi-
ples involved in this resolution—both eases occur-
ling in the House of Representatives, when there
wcie, perhaps, as many strong men in that body
as at any former or subsequent period. One of
these occurrences arose upon the message of Mr.
Monroe, from which my friend from Michigan
and the opposition to them shall not conceal its
aim by a feigned assault upon an individual on
this floor. I will then read another passage with
which the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts stands closely connected. It Iras reference
to a resolution introduced by him in the year 1824
—in tli© same year, and in reference to the same
measure to which I have just alluded—the Mes-
sage of President Monroe. A resolution was intro-
duced by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Webster,] then a distinguished member of the
House of Representatives, in reference to the con-
dition of Greece—not a South American State—
no, sir; not a State having any political affinity
by geographical proximity to the American sys-
tem ; but a State m the very midst of the political
systems of the Old World—surrounded on all sides
by the sternest despotisms the world's bosom now
contains; it was to that State the resolution offer-
p ed by the honorable Senator applied. The res-
j olution was to the effect that an appropriation
I should be made of money to defray the expenses
! of a mission to Greece; which was, to all intents
j and purposes, a voluntary recognition of the inde-
j pendence ofGreece by the Government of thcUni-
i ted (States. Tluit resolution was introduced into
I the House of Representatives. What became of
I it, it is not my business to inquire. The point in-
volved at present is the propriety of an individual,
presenting such a subject to the consideration of
Congress. Well, in a speech made on that occa-
sion—1 tried to find the whole of the debate, but
could find but one or two speeches—by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, then a distinguished meni-
; ber of that House, m .support of the resolution—
j a speech recorded, and allow me to say that I will
I hazard the opinion that it will slay recorded so
1 long as types and paper exist to record anything
has just cited a memorable passage. In that nics- jj tjle Knilish language—in that specch the Sen-
sage this very subject of European interference ji ntor from Massachusetts justified his course upon
was presented to Congress, and a resolution was 11 (be ground that the new and dangerous condition
based upon that, calling on the President to state |j 0f tiio world, brought about by that combination
the particulars. Here is the minute of the pro- j> 0f powerful Kuropean sovereigns called the Holy
ceedmg: |. Alliance, required some action by our Govcrii-
[From Journal House of ttepsi., Decemlior 1, 1823.] ji "lent. He contended that we, as a free and m-
" Mr. Mallory laid the following resolution on jj 'Impendent peopt, an as 10 < nig t'c
.x j . ^ • preut woik of the worm s udiverancc irorft bona-'
'the table for consideration to-morrow, vus: | , were ho,,,,,! to s,,ct,k out in terms that
"Resolved, That the President of the TJniterl ,sot b« mismlo-n. He piedicatcd this movc-
' States be requested to lay before this House such j, motlt on th(, m „f Mr. Monroe, not, sir, oil
'information as he may possess (which maybe i| (lis i,™,.; chairman of the Committee of Foreign
' disclosed without injury to the public good) rel- jj Relations j„ the House, but simply as a member
' ative to the determination of any sovereign or 1 ' ' ' "
' combination of sovereigns to assist Spain in the
( subjugation of her late colonies on the American \
'continent; and whether any Government of Ru- i
' rope is disposed or determined to oppose any
' aid or assistance which such sovereign or com-
from the Stale of Massachusetts, the whole matter
having been previously referred, just as it has been
ill this case, to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of that body. He ottered the resolution in
his own individual < harartei as a member of that
House, and lie had aright, to do so. It was not
< bination of sovereigns may afford to Spam for t,vf.n refcrre<1. so Cams 1 can perceive, to the, Com
' the subjugation of her late colonies above men- 1; i.'„reizn Relations, hul was debated in
' tioned. jj Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
" The resolution was agreed to-" [, Now, it is well to look hack to these times of a
Well, that resolution passed the House of Rep- I! quarter of a century ago. It is well for us to look
rescntatives, as far as I can see, without a dissen- I] back to I hose days, and see what an American
tient voice. It went to the President. The Prcs- ! President, and an American legislature, and the
ident answered the resolution, stating that he had I country had the courage to do—to ascertain what
no information not already communicated to Con-1 sort of sentiments it was not then deemed disrep-
gress, which he could communicate with safety to utablc to utter. I will not undertake to read all
the public interests. That's what he stated. Did ;j the passages of this speech, as (find it very im-
any man imagine at the time this resolution was j; pe.rfectlv reported in Niles's Register. I will not
introduced by a mere member of the House of |: read all the passages I have marked, but merely
Representatives—not as the chairman of a com- i, one or two of the most pointed:
mittee, nor as the organ of a committee, but on his , j " At the commencement of the present session
own individual responsibility—a resolution which li 'of Congress, (Mr. Webster said,) the President
went to direct action, which proposed to do some-
tbirig on the instant—which culled for facts which jj
had not been communicated in relation to this very j|
same subject embraced in the, resolution now he-I j
fore this body—that any impropriety was com-ij
mitted? Well, the House of Representatives, as jj
I have stated, passed that resolution. I have not'1
had time to examine the Journal of the House
critically; but, so far as my examination has ex-
tended, I find that there was no opposition to the
of the United States, in the discharge of the high
1 duties of his station, deemed it incumbent on him
• to introduce the subject to the consideration of
' the National Legislature; and in his communica-
' tion he had expressed an opinion that there was
' reason to hope that the Greeks would be suecess-
' ful in the present struggle with their oppressors,
' and thatthcPowerthathad solongoppressed them
' had lost its dominion over them forever. The
ame communication contained other matters of
resolution. And now I come to another precedent; !j ' great importance in relation to a rumored combi-
because, if there are to be any personal attacks I j
made upon me as chairman of the committee, 1 ! j
shall brace myself up for a defence. The meas- |j
urcs of the Administration are not to be struck at !;
through a disguised attack upon a member of this j;
body. The blow shall reach the object at which j1
it is aimed, and not be intercepted by my bosom, j
These measures have been recommended by a ,
democratic President as democratic measures; I
nation of foreign sovereigns to interfere in the
< concerns of South America. Under these cir-
' rumslanccs, (said Mr. W.,) I thought it was
' proper and becoming that the communication
' should receive a response from this House. I
' am aware that the practice of a general answer
' from the Legislature to the annual message or
' speech of the President has, for more than twenty
' years past, been disused; nor do I complain of
' such disuse; but I am also of opinion that theprae-
' tice was not without its positive advantages. It is
' my conviction that, in any Government which
' contains a popular branch, it is the duty, of that
' portion of the popular Government as much to,
1 express its opinions as to pass the necessary -laws.
' I introduce the present resolution under this con-
' viction, as well as that 1 might have an opportu-
' nity to give my vote directly on one of the sub-
' jects adverted to by the Executive; and I shall
' think that if it was proper in the President to ad-
' vert to these subjects, it is equally proper in us
< to take notice of what he has addressed to us re-
'specting them." _ . .
The propriety of-introducing the resolution, then,
was not only felt and vindicated by the gentleman,
but he contends that it was the " duty of Con-
gress" to respond. And then, after citing some
beautiful poetry ill which the law of opinion is
represented as very potential in the world, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts proceeds to say:
" But now, it may be asked, what is all that to
'us? The question is easily answered. We are
' one of the nations. Our system of Government
' is, throughout, hostile to that system; and'if we
' are safe from its effects, we may thank our situ-
' ation or our courage. The age we live in, and
' our own active character, have connected us with
' all the nations of the world; and we, as a nation,
' have precisely the same interest in international
' law as a private individual has in the laws of his
' country."
a • • * * *
" But whatever we do in this matter, it behooves
'us to do on principle. If on the subject of ru-
' mored combinations against South America we
' take any stand, it must be on principle that that
' stand is taken. The near approach or the remote
' distance of danger may change policy, bat cannot
' touch principle; and the same reasons of an ab-
' stract kind that would lead us to protest in the
' case of the whole southern continent, bind us to
' protest in the case of the smallest republic of
' Italy."
And now, Mr. President, (continued Mr. Al-
ien,) I have referred to these things, as I stated at
the outset, to justify myself from the imputations
cast upon me of arrogating to ihyself the business
of the committee, by the presentation of this reso-
lution. And now I will conclude by stating why
I did not. do this on the instant. I should have
done it in that case with more imprudent ardor
than now, had not the motion to lay on the table
precluded debate, and, of course, precluded me
from the opportunity of repelling the imputations
to which I have alluded. 1 have now, sir, said all
that I deem necessary on the subject.
Mr. CALHOUN. Mr. President, I trust I have
too much self-respect, too great a regard for the
subject-matter before the Senate, to follow the ex-
ample of the Senator from Ohio in giving this dis-
cussion a personal direction. I had not the slight-
est idea in the world, v?hen I simply stated my
views in mere detail, to which the Senator has ad-
verted, to give any offence by saying that the Sen-
ator had not consulted the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass,] the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Se-
vier,] or any other member of the committee, and
had introduced the resolutions on his own respon-
sibility. I made no such insinuations for the pur-
pose imputed. I never make them. What I have
to offer, is offered openly and direct. The fact has
wounded the Senator most deeply, which I very
much regret. I shall be very brief in my remarks
on this occasion, and on the various topics present-
ed. I must say, in the first place, that the Senator
from Ohio has utterly failed in his effort. A chair-
man of a committee, with subject-matter contain-
ed in the President's Message already before them,
moving a resolution on it here, or getting a vote of
the Senate, and thus acting on it! I say the ques-
tion is without precedent, because, I presume the
Senator has made a careful search, and has not
found an analogous case. I intimated that I con-
sidered the resolution out of order; it was but an
intimation, but I now say more boldly that it was
clearly out of the parliamentary rule; forwhenever
any specific matter is referred to a committee, it is.
withdrawn from the Senate, and cannot be made a
subject of action by the Senate. Not expecting
this question to arise, I did not turn to the parlia-
mentary rule, but stated it from my recollection.
However, it can easily be found. As to the reso-
lutions of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hanne-
