1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
can,] to which the Senator has alluded, they de-
nied the right to settle the boundary between the
United States and Great Britain by treaty. Did
the President say anything about that in his mes-
sage ? It was legitimate under the rule laid down.
As to my amendment, if that of the Senator from
Indiana was not out of order, certainly mine was
not.
I believe that the next subject is that of the case
of the brig Enterprise. The three resolutions I
moved were in relation to it. AH will remember
that an American vessel at the Bahamaislands, was
treated, in my opinion, and in the unanimous opin-
ion of the Senate, in a manner'not consistent with
the law of nations. What did I do on that occa-
sion? Was I out of order ? Has the Senator shown
anything in the message of the then Executive in
relation to this affair ? Not a word. And it is
strange that four or five similar cases received not
the slightest notice in the Executive message.
There was no question of order in that case; it was
a clear ease; a movement on an independent sub-
ject, not referred to a committee. I did not, as the
Senator says, submit resolutions affirming univer-
sal principles, comprehending all times and places,
but resolutions affirming what the laws of nations
were; and I had the honor of receiving a unani-
mous vote. 1 doubt whether the .Senator will in
this rase.
What is the next ease? Tho resolution moved
by Mr. Mallory, and alluded to by tho Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] when up. Did that
come under tho rule ? His call was for information
in reference to the declaration made Ivy Mr. Mon-
roe. The House did not take up the subjcc.t-mut-
ter. As to tho last fact, it was not sufficiently
stated to enable mo to judge. Tho Senator from
Massachusetts, however, is acquainted with the
circumstances. I was not then a member of the
House. But I doubt whether there was any spe-
cific reference of the subject to.a committee when
the honorable member moved the resolution. If
so, it was one of those accidental eases where there
is a departure from the rules ns the best means of
obtaining information. These are nil (lie cases pro-
duced, after deliberate search; and not one is ap-
plicable to the present occasion. I believe I have
said enough for this purpose, I will now pass on,
and make a few remarks on a subject touched by
tbc Senator from Michigan.
The Senator justified the course pursued by Mr.
Monroe in 1823 and 1824. The case was not anal-
ogous. I do not remember whether the injunction
ot secrecy was removed. A friend said last even-
ing it had been. However, I presume, after so
great a lapse of time, it will not be considered any
violation of confidence to state briefly the question
which led to the declaration. Wo all remenjber
the Holy Alliance to overthrow Bonaparte. Eng-
land refused to join it, although she acted with it.
In the process of time, the Holy Alliance contem-
plated an _ interference with tho affairs of South
America, in order to restore tlie dominion of Spain
over h®r revolted provinces. Our Government re-
ceived an intimation from Mr. Canning, who was
then at the head of the British Ministry—a man of
extraordinary sagacity and talent—stating at the
same time, that if the American Government would
back tho British Government, she would discoun-
tenance such interference. And this general dec-
laration had reference to a specific case, and stopped
there. Mr. Monioe was a wise man, and had no
design of burdening the country with u task which
it could not perform. Ho knew there was a
broader declaration made by tho gentleman then
Secretary of State. As far as my knowledge ex-
tends, it was never brought forward for Oahinct
deliberation. It has been a long time sincc, and I
will not be positive. I have no doubt that the gen-
tleman to whom reference has been made is" en-
titled to the paternity. I say so, because out of
this grew the Panama convention, although it was
not-legitimately an offspring. But, if this declara-
tion was riglit, the Panama convention was no bad
conception, and the propriety of our sending a
Minister could hardly be resisted . It was a more
sensible form of carrying out a broad proposition.
But, Mr. President, you and all the older Senators
know what would have been the result. If, when
we were called on, we had said we would join
Great Britain against she rest of the world, we
would have been speedily called on to act I did,
when the proposition first came up, give my as-
sent to it; but, after reflection, thought that it had
a pernicious effect elsewhere, and would have it
now. I made no opposition to this in consequence
of a deference to Great Britain or the other Euro-
pean Powers, but a deference to ourselves. Our
own good sense should teach us that we ought not
to undertake what we cannot perform. It should
be so with individuals and with nations. _ By the
adoption of the principle of the resolution, we
would be called on to interfere whenever a Euro-
pean nation, right or wrong, should bring on a
conflict of arms between one or another nation on
this continent. I would ask the Senator from
Michigan, where is the limitation?
Mr. CASS. Will the gentleman allow me to ex-
plain? The principle for which I contend is this:
by such a declaration as that contemplated in the
resolution, we would merely place our protest on
record, not bring thereby bound to any definite
course of action, but being left free, to maintain neu-
trality or actively engage in enforcing the principle,
as we might see'fit.
Mr. CALHOUN. Well, would it not be better
to wait for the omerirency i,u which wc would have
sutlicicnWntcrest to interfere, and sufficient power
to make that interference influential ? Why make
any such declaration now? What good purpose
can it .serve' Only to show to the men that are to
come after us that we were wiser and more patriotic
than we feared they might bo ! I cannot, for my
life, see a single good Iikelv to result from this
measure. Will it have a tendency to conciliate
European powers, who, in ease of a collision with
Great Britain, mig lit lie, friendly to us? or will such a
declaration prevent these fivegreat Kuropean pow-
ers, who, lie says, have the regulation of the balance
of power, and can do their Jiut m F'jirope, from at-
tempting the execution of any of their schemes'
Will mere vaporing bravado have any practical ef-
Iccl ; JYo. You must adopt, a very different course
of policy. You must arm, equip, fit out your na-
vies, raise a powerful revenue, and resist them by
practical measures, if you think proper to resist
them. Will not the effect of such a declaration be
the very reverse (if all this practical course of poli-
cy? Will U not create jealousy on the part of Eng-
land? Will it not militate against the formation of
alliances on the part of nations favoinbly disposed
towards us? No good effects can come from it.
From first to last, in my opinion, it will be follow-
ed by unqualified evil consequences. In this spirit
I resisted it on a former occasion; in this spirit I
resist it now.
Mr. ALLEN rose and said, that as to the prece-
dents—so many of which were on record, but of
which he had been content to quote half a dozen—
they still stood there unreplied to. The assertion
of the Senator from South Carolina, that they did
not apply in the present ease, was the most extra-
ordinary way of answering them. He did, not
think it requisite to go over all the gentleman said;
but one principle he would notice which was laid
down by him, and that was in regard to the con-
finement of the powers of the Senate -until com-
mittees should report on matters referred to them.
Now what would be the state of the question by
the application of such a principle as that? The
Constitution required the President to communicate
to Congress, at the opening of the session, his views
of our affairs, internal and external. If the Presi-
dent's Message comprehends all those subjects, as
it ought to do, its different portions are referred (as
a matter of course) to their respective committees.
What then ? Why, as a matter of course, the Sen-
ate must sit dumb until it may please the several
committees to report. The Senate loses its power
over those subjects, and every one of its members
is gagged—all arc muzzled by the President's Mes-
sage, which happens to allude incidentally to the
matter. The President's Message recommended
appropriations for the army and for the navy, and
that portion of it is referred to the Committees on
A'liiitary and on Naval Affairs; therefore, according
to the Senator from South Carolina, no Senator can
originate a bill, or make a motion on the subject, be-
cause that reference extracts out of the Seriate that
principle of vitality giving it control over the legisla-
tive field; it paralyzes the Senate, and, according to
his doctrine, no member of that body could originate
amotion. Nowhere else butin the President's Mes-
sage are there to be introduced great questions of
national interest. Well, the question is referred,
and being referred, not a member of that body
was to make a solitary motion, because the matter
is sent to a committee. Now, suppose a mischiev-
ous man should happen to get into power, and take
up every subject-matter his imagination could sug-
gest as possible for Congress to touch; that his
messEge came there and was referred; why then,
according to him, not a man could offer a resolu-
tion because the President's message had taken the
matter up already. There was something so mon-
strous in that doctrine, that it was quite unneces-
sary to say another word on it.
[Mr. CALHOUN here arose under the impres-
sion that Mr. A. had finished, but immediately
gaye way.]
The Senator from South Carolina, in speaking
of the declaration of Mr. Monroe in his message,
had said that it was a specific case, and that there
was no specific case contained in the Message of
Mr. Polk. To that he (Mr. A.) would answer,
that the President did not only name a specific case
in words; but there was something named in words
that came more home to us than the case of the
South American republics; be alluded to the men-
tion made of the interference of the British and
French Governments to prevent the annexation of
Texas to the United States. That was a case of
interference—of palpable, political interference.
Yes, those powers had endeavored to come be-
tween us and Texas, and had offered a high boon
to bribe tliat gallant people; and the people of the
United States were now under obligation, not to
the prompt energy of their own Government alono,
but to the incorruptible honesty and stern patriot-
ism of the people of Texas, who had large boons
offered them to become, not nominally, but sub-
stantially, a British province. Why, did not
every one sec why Great Britain and France
should wish to see Texas become a dependant
province? On the part of these powers, there
was no offer made to the governments of Mex-
ico and Texas to compromise their difficulties,
nor that Texas should annex herself to Mex-
ico; Imt they did propose to Texas, that if she
should stay 'out. of this Union, they would recog-
nise and sustain lierindependcncc. Why? Because
she would then be a feeble power upon our fron-
tier, which would have to look abroad for pro-
tection, and necessarily put herself under the pro-
tection of France and England. It was on that
ground he (Mr. A.) had said that a protest ought
to have been laid before the Cabinets of Prance
and England against such interference; and, if
they had still persisted, that war oi.ght to have
been declared. Those matters were alluded to in
the President's Message. The object of that in-
terference of France and England, was to keep a
member out of the Union. They would have had
as much right to induce a member to go out of
the Union as to prevent one coming in; and Great
Britain and Prance would have as great a right to
hold out an inducement to one of our discontented.
States to leave the Union as prevent Texas from
coming in. Well, there was the subject alluded to
in the President's Message, in so many words.
Mexico and Texas were called by their names; and
still the gentleman asked, Where was there an
allusion to a specific case ?
He (Mr. A.) had stated the case of Texas. And
now he asked to be allowed—since the discussion
had spread out further than he wished it—to say,
in reference to the condition of Mexico, that if the
British or French Government was at the bottom
of the present movements in Mexico, to distract
the present order of things there, with a view" to
bringing about a state of things which would af-
ford them an excuse for placing a French prince
upon the throne of Mexico, or of reducing that
country to the condition of a colony subject to
either of those Powers—if such should be the re-
sult, it would justify a declaration of war against
these Powers by the United States. The gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] to
strengthen his views of the question, took care
to get on the other side of the globe. He went all
the way to Patagonia, whilst he (Mr. A.) staid at
home, at the mouth of the Mississippi; he kept by
our own shores, to show that there were matters
occurring here so solemn as to claim the attention of
the President of the United States—occurrences no
less important than the interference of two Powers
of the Holy Alliance with this Government within
a couple of years past. When he said that these
Powers were both members of the Holy Alliance, he
did not say England was so on paper, or that Lord
Castlereagh signed the articles agreed to by the
Emperors of Russia and Austria and the King of
