246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
Prussia, in 1814. Great Britain did not sign it,
neither did her minister; but the fact is, the only
reason, as stated by the minister, why it was not
done, was, that while the other sovereigns signed
it in person, that thing called the British constitu-
tion required the signature of a responsible min-
ister, thereby causing an incongruity which alone
prevented the signature. But, substantially for
giving effect to the project put forward by the
Holy Alliance, Great Britain was as much a mem-
ber then and now as the other sovereigns; and
France had adhered, after the restoration of the
Bourbons, to the principles of the Holy Alli-
ance. He (Mr. A.) was not, then, mistaken in
saying that two members of the Holy Alliance
had, within three, two, even one year, interfered to
change our political organization, and interfered
to prevent the admission of a State into the Union;
and that u]}on that ground it was necessary to
check it. Now, if the gentleman wanted a case,
let him look at home. He was not going to take
him (Mr. A.) to Patagonia for an example. He
knew the strength of his position, and lie would
adhere to it. These resolutions looked to that in-
terference, and when they came to be discussed,
they would sec who made out the strongest case in
the matter. Why, we saw that, but year ago, the
British Government were charged to their.teeth by
the Senator from South Carolina himself, with in-
terfering in the most outrageous manner; and he
gave that fact as a reason for the hurry and expedi-
tion we should exercise in the case of Texas, whilst
Great was Britain interfering. He (Mr. A.) then
wont for Texas with all his heart, not upon princi-
ple of local advantage; he went for it to gratify no
prejudice—to strengthen no sectional interest—but
bccause he believed the happiness and prosperity
of the great mass of the people of this country
would be increased by it. lie again said that they
then had a case of interference, and they allowed
the time to go by; but there was another time ap-
proaching which by improving they might do ser-
vice. When they came to mediate in the affairs of
Europe at the Congress of Vienna, they mediated
by subdividing the masses of the European people
among themselves, transferring the people tiom
one sovereign to another in bodies of unequal
sizes, as a drove of hogs is subdivided into un-
equal portions, to suit the purposes of the sev-
eral purchasers. Those powers arc at liberty to
come on lawful business, in pursuit of their
commercial traffic—to buy and sell—but in our
political affairs they must keep their distance.
The people of this continent wanted none of their
arbitration—they would have none of it. Their
own differences they might have, but they called
upon no European sovereign to arbitrate. They
commenced with mediation in this very matter be-
tween Mexico and Texas, and ended with an open
struggle to prevent the annexation of Texas to this
Union. Now, of this the President of the United
States was satisfied; he had stated it wisely, and
in accordance with the wishes of the people of the
United States.
And now he would again say, what he had said
long befbre, that neither the case of Texas nor that
of Oregon would ever be the real cause of war
to Great Britain. She was looking at the struc-
ture of our system, which was attracting to it
all the weary of the world; whose example was
doing more to overthrow the dynasties of two
thousand years than all the armies that poured
into France under the allied sovereigns, could
do, if marshalled and brought into array against
those thrones. It was that system ; it was the
New World that was affrighting the Old; it was
the new idea which had emanated from the bosom
of the New World, and flashes like the benefi-
cent light of day through the night of European
tyranny, proclaiming to the masses that they were
born to live and be happy, not with saddles on
their backs, nor with masters booted and spurred
to ride them from the cradle to the grave. These
were the questions which twenty-five years of
peace had produced in the world, and whose agi-
tation was enabling the people of Europe to go to
work and accumulate large masses of wealth in
their hands, thereby making themselves felt in the
administration of political power. It was that un-
conquerable spirit which is established and cher-
ished by our example which was giving Great
Britain and the allied sovereigns of Europe more
concern than a patch of snow-covered soil on the
frontier of Maine, or on the shore of the Pacific
ocean. She may use these subjects as pretexts;
perhaps she may find them large enough to form
thebagis of a European confederation against this
Republic. Should that, be the case, wc can never
defeat such confederations by showing the white
feather. When we talk of preparation, we are
charged with a desire for war, as if there existed
in the country a single man who would desire war
so long as it could be avoided or postponed with
propriety.
He (Mr. A.) would not have alluded to the in-
terference in the affairs of Texas, but for the re-
marks of the Senator from South Carolina, that no
specific case had been named in the President's
Message, inasmuch as he did not mention that of
the South American republics. He (Mr. A.) had
spoken of that of Texas as one much more nearly
connected with their own firesides. That interfer-
ence should cease; it must cease; and they might
as well tell Europe calmly and mildly in tlie form
of those resolutions, at the beginning, as by a dec-
laration of war. The sovereigns of Europe could
not be allowed to interfere in the affairs of this con-
tinent as they hud done in the case of Tfxas and
Mexico. The thing cannot be tolerated; and if
this Congress takes upon itself to negative the dec-
larations of the President, and by that negation to
hold out an encouragement for European interfer-
ence in our affairs, the people will send a Congress
that will not do it. This matter has not sprung up
in an hour—it is not to he decided in an hour.
These resolutions must be before Congress till
they recene its sanction. This is not child's play
that it can be srwuted out in this way. It shall
receive that attention from me, at least, which I
believe every feeling of patriotism requires that I
should bestow upon it.
Mr. CALHOUN. The Senator supposes that
I would have transferred the whole power on this
subject to the committee. It is hardly necessary
to reply to that. Committees tire but the creatures
of the Senate. As to Texas, Mr. President, as far
as 1 had tmy share in the management of that par-
ticular question, 1 can only say that the declaration
of Mr. Monroe had not the weight of that piece of
paper; and if a thousand such declarations, in even
stronger terms, had been made and passed the Sen-
ate, they would not have had that weight. Decla-
rations, sir, are easily made. The affairs of na-
tions arc not controlled by mere declarations. If a
declaration of opinion were sufficient to change the
whole course of events, no nation would be more
prompt than wc. But we must meet interference
in our affairs in another way. We must meet it
as it was met in the case of Texas—decidedly,
boldly, and practically. We must meet each par-
ticular case by itself, and according to its own
merits, always taking care not to assert our rights
until we feel ourselves able to sustain our asser-
tions'. As to general abstract declarations of that
kind, I would not give a farthing for a thousand of
them. They do more harm than good, or rather
no good at all, but. a great deal of harm. While
up, I wish to allude to some remarks of the Sena-
tor from Michigan. He seems to think that the
news by the last steamer was as belligerent as ho
could have anticipated.
Mr. CASS was understood to say that he did not
regard the character of the late news to be such as
to wanant any relaxation of our efforts to place the
country in a posture of defence.
Mr. CALHOUN proceeded. Such an opinion
coming from such a high authority, it is proper,
perhaps, that I give mine. I have read the articles
in the papers, and, as far as 1 am capable, I have
endeavored to trace, in my mind the effects which
the final change of the ministry forming under Sir
Robert Peel arc likely to exercise on our affairs.
The result of the reflection is the opinion that the
change in the ministry is likely to be highly pro-
pitious. The few words read by the Senator from
one of the articles might seem to bear against this
conclusion ; but not so, I think, if taken in con-
nexion with other articles. The whole tone of
the English press, without a single exception, so
far as I have seen, indicates an anxious desire to
adjust this question with the United States in a
peaceM manner. But at the same time the whole
tone and spirit of that press shows that Great Bri-
tain thinks she has some rights in Oregon; and if
the United States undertake to assert her exclusive
right to the whole, without consulting her, the
issue must be an appeal lo arms. On ascertaining
the news brought by the " Liberty," my first im-
pression was that Lord John Russell could not
stand, and that conviction I intimated' to some-
friends. Bat I hardly anticipated the return of
Sir Robert Peel. Yet I must say that that return
of Sir Robert Peel, and with more vigorous power,
I regard as one of the most auspicious circum-
stances possible for this country. There must" be
a very great change since I had a share in the
management of public affairs, if the British Gov-
ernment be not anxious to settle this difficulty in
an amicable manner. My convictions are now
stronger—much stronger, sir—than they were,
that this question can be honorably settled by ne-
gotiation. Mr President, if it should not be so
settled, I fear much of the responsibility will rest
upon us. Instead of engaging in these agitating
discussions in the front of these indications being
a wise course, I regard it as anything but wise-
That quietness with whibh the whole British press
has received the President's Message appears to
me to set a proper example to us. We ought to
receive the information—information, I think,
highly favorable to an honorable settlement of this
question, and to none other than an honorable
settlement would I ever agree—we ought to receive:
it in the same spirit. If so received and acted on,
as I have confidence it will be by the Executive,
I have, I repeat, stronger hopes than ever that all
will be settled in an honorable and peaceful way.
Mr. CASS. I have no doubt that- we may make
a better arrangement with the Peel ministry than
we could have made with a Russell ministry, and
for the reason that Lord John Russell had commit-
ted himself before the world ; but I fear they are-
all committed in the same way. As for the sub-
dued tone of the British press, to which reference
has been made, it only shows that nations cannot,
any more than individuals, long keep at feveir-heat.
If any one wants to see abuse fervid enough of this
country, let him loolc at the Times. For myself, I
confess I do not see where the point of union be-
tween the two countries exists. I do not see any
practical offer on the part ,ef Great Britain that we
can aeccpt, nor any from us that she can accept.
I do not see how the two nations are to.meet. In
all these papers I do not find one word that touches
upon that difficult view of the whole matt®. This-
is not a mere question of language—of phraseology.
The great question is, whether one or other, or
both nations, are disposed to yield so as to meet on
common ground. Now, one word more if you
please. The gentleman from South Carolina has
said that a declaration is a mere piece of paper. Sir,
paper bullets may sometimes be as mischievous as
leaden ones. 1 have no idea, however, that if you
adopt this resolution, we must go to war. It is a
protest that we do not recognise their claims and
principles—and why? That some twenty years
hence the world should not get up and say you are
bound by your tacit acquiescence. It is the prac-
tice of nations that makes the law of nations; that
is certain in a political sense. The practice of yes-
terday is the principle of to-morrow. Now we
ought to say to England and the world, "we ac-
knowledge no such principle." We are growing
stronger every day. Time is dealing well by us.
We do not want, however, to assume the charac-
ter of propagandists, by adopting this declaration.
We all know that this balance of power in Europe
is nothing more nor less than a balance to maintain
monarchical institutions under the guise of sup-
porting a necessary equality.
Now I do hope that we shall be contented with
our own good things, and not practice a system of
political propagandism. If other nations prefer
monarchical governments to republicanism, we
have no right to complain of their decision, how-
ever much they differ from us. The world is wide
enough for them and for us. But we do ask that
these monarchical institutions shall not be extended
to this continent by any influence, direct or indi-
rect. We say that that would be dangerous to our
progress, to our peace, and to the extension of the
area of liberty. The honorable Senator from South
Carolina alluded to a great contest of principles
which was, sometime or other, to take place: There
are antagonist principles at work, which the most
superficial observer cannot fail to perceive. The
contest niust come. Whether the present or the
succeeding generation will see.it, I know not; but
come that contest will. I have no desire, let me
repeat, to go to war for purposes of political pro-
pagandism. All I maintain is, the right to support
our own institutions, and to ward off opposition.
