1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
It is in this order of things that I have alluded to
facts connected with the operations of European
Powers on this continent. I have been actuated
by no desire to excite prejudice against foreign gov-
ernments. My sole desire is, that the American
people should be fully awake to the nature of their
own condition, and be prepared to meet all the re-
sponsibilities that devolve upon them, whatever dif-
ficulties or dangers may surround them. Notwith-
standing the censure thrown upon a casual expres-
sion of the honorable gentleman from Ohio, I am
induced to repeat it.- It was to the effect tha,t we
should be prepared in heart as well as in arms.
And, sir, I do nope that if war comes, it will find
every citizen of the United States prepared in
heart. Such preparation is the surest augury of
success.
Mr. .T.M. CLAYTON stated that he would con-
fine himself to the question of leave. Honorable
gentlemen (said he) have gone into this debate on
many subjects which I do not propose to touch. I
desire to confine myself to the question, whether
the resolution ought or ought not to be received by
the Senate. It is admitted on all sides that the por-
tion of the President's Message, which covers the
whole ground, has been referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations. The committee, then, we
are bound to suppose, has the subject under con-
sideration. The honorable Senator from Ohio,
{Mi\ Allen,] on his own responsibility, not as a
member of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
offered this resolution, and avowed his design of
moving its reference to the Committee 011 Foreign
Relations. The whole subject has been laid before
the committee, and the gentleman is not satisfied
with that. He is not satisfied with the reference
which covers all that the resolution asserts, but
wishes to refer the whole subject, overtrain. What
good can bo obtained by this course ? Is it not
competent for the Committee on Foreign Relations
to report now, to-morrow, or at any time, if they
think proper, this or any other resolution on the
same subject ? If it should be referred to the com-
mittee, will it give them an increase of power or
authority not now possessed Certainly not. En-
tertaining (his opinion, however, 1 believe the prop-
osition to introduce this resolution by the Senator
from Ohio, to be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations, is unparliamentary and out of or-
der. On that ground, independently of any other,
I feel myself justified in voting against the recep-
tion of the resolution. But I protest against any
inference which may be drawn from the vote,
touching the great principles which are considered
to be involved in the resolution.
The honorable Senator from Ohio—pardon me
for saying—told us that ho had thoroughly con-
sidered the resolution before ho brought it here—
that he had duly weighed it,, took the'responsibili-
ty of it, and did, not intend to abandon it. It was
so important that he would press it from time to
time; not merely at the present session of Con-
gress, but during future sessions. Years will roll
away before he abandons the darling object he has
in view; we are not, therefore, likely to hear the end
of it very soon, let us dispose of it as we will. The
Senator, if I rightly understood him, had declared
this new policy to "be one of the leading principles
of the Democratic party, that exposition to it
was opposition to that party. If I understood the
Senator, does he mean to make new points of par-
ty division? I desire to ask the Senator from
Ohio, or any other who can answer the question,
if this is a great and predominant democratic doc-
trine, when did it, become so? At what period did
it become a principle of the democratic creed ? I
say, so far as I understand the history of this coun-
try, it was perfectly new. So far as I can read or
learn from the documents of Congress, the parly
never took this ground before. I will go back to
the origin of the present party, and refer to the
Journals, when the House was engaged on the
important question of sending a Minister to Pana-
ma, to ascertain what was the opinion of the De-
mocratic party then. In April, 1826, a resolution
to pay a Minister was before the House of Repre-
sentatives. A member from my own State moved
an amendment, that " the House, in expressing
' this opinion, did not intend to sanction any de-
' parture from the settled policy of this Govern-
' ment, in extending our commercial relations with
' foreign nations; that we should have with them
' as little political connexion as possible; that we
' should preserve peace, commerce, and friendship,
' with all nations, and form entangling alliances
' with none; that we should not form any alliances,
' offensive or defensive, or negotiate respecting such
' alliances with all or any of the South American
'republics. Jt is therefore the opinion of this
' House that the Government of the United States
• ought not to be represented at the Congress of
' Panama, except in a diplomatic character, nor
' ought they to form any alliance, offensive or de-
' fensive, or negotiate respecting such alliance with
' all or any of the South American republics; nor
' ought they to become parties with them, or either
' of them, to any joint declaration for the purpose
' of preventing the interference of any of the Euro-
' pean powers with their independence or form of
' government, or to any compact for the purpose
' of preventing colonization upon the continent of
'America."
This, sir, was the leading policy of Mr. Mc-
Lane, of Delaware. What was the vote ? The
democratic party all voted in favor of the amend-
ment, ns 1 have read it precisely. The party then
took ground different from that avowed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio. Who are the gentlemen who
voted in favor of this declaration ? Who are they ?
I find the name of Mr. Buchanan, the present Sec-
retary of State, among the yeas, and a name of
more importance, Mr. Polk, of Tennessee, the very-
identical man who is now the President of the Uni-
ted States, with the names of other distinguished
Democrats. This was the party creed, so far as
their action could establish a creed. After looking
at this, it strikes me it may not be unimportant to
refer to the language of gentlemen who figured in
the debate, and 1 find, among other things, a speech
from one Mr. Polk m favor of the amendment, and
commend it to the favorable consideration of the
Senator from Ohio. He will see whether the Dem-
ocratic. party of that day coincided in views with
what he considers the principle now. Mr. Polk
said:
"We have, declared it as our opinion, by the
'adoption of the. amendment, that our policy was
1 now, as it, ever had been, to observe a strict neu-
' tmlity between all belligerent powers; that 'in
' extending our commercial relations with foreign
' nations, we should have with them as little pohtt-
' eal connexion as possible;' that wc should ' pre-
' serve peace, commerce, and friendship with all
' nations, and form entangling alliances with none;'
' that we should not ' form any alliance, offensive
' or defensive, or negotiate respecting such alliance
' with all or any of the South American republics;'
1 ' nor should we become parties with them, or either
1 of them, to any joint declaration, for the puroose
1 of preventing the interference of any of the Euro-
' pean powers, with their independence or form of
' government,' or ' to any compact for the purpose
' of preventing colonization on the continent of
' America.' These are sentiments (Mr. P. said)
' to which he most heartily subscribed. However
' strong his sympathies might be ill favor of liberty
' and republican institutions, in whatever part of
' the world they might make their appearance, the
' peace, the quiet, and prosperity of his country
1 were paramount to every other consideration."
I do not, Mr. President, (said Mr. C.) intend to
commit myself for or against the doctrine avowed
in this resolution. I do protest, however, against
these frequent changes as forming the foundation
of the democratic principle. I do not see how
any statesman can reconcile these opinions with
those advanced by the Senator from Ohio, contra-
dicting each other; but I leave this to the gentle-
men on the other side. If they make it a party
question, they must take the consequences. I
must consider and consult much before I can ar-
rive at any definite opinion on the, whole subject.
I will now content myself by saying I shall vote
against the proposition of the Senator from Ohio,
bccause it is against the rule,as I understand it, in
the practice of the Senate, while the subject is
pending before a committee. Having been referred
to a committee, it is competent for the committee
to report. It was unparliamentary and out of or-
der to offer a resolution for the purpose of referring
the same subject to that, very committee.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE reniarked: The question,
Mr. President, does not so much involve the mer-
its of the resolution as the propriety of its recep-
tion. If the proposition submitted is offensive to
decorum, it is certainly proper not to receive it.
If a proposition be introduced touching a subject
of which the Senate cannot constitutionally take
cognizance, it would be highly proper that a mo-
tion be made to lay it on the table. With regard
to this proposition, it cannot be considered as com-
ing within the scope of this principle. The reso-
lution, it is said, offends against one rule, because
the subject was already referred. It seems to me
such a reading of the rule is violated every day.
The whole subject of finance was referred to the
Finance Committee; the subject of the public lands
to the Committee on Public Lands; but has it
ever been refused to refer separate propositions
touching the same subject? I believe it is per-
fectly competent for the Senate to receive proposi-
tions which may be presented. Believing this, I
think that, in accordance with the courtes^ of the
Senate, the resolution should be received. As to
the disposition which it may be proper to make of
it, when it shall have been received, being in the
power of the Senate, it would become proper for
the Senate to dispose of it as their wisdom might
suggest. I will consider it my duty to vote to
take it up, although T am opposed to stirring up
the subject; for we have difficulties enough without
adding to or increasing them. It is the part of wis-
dom to settle one first, and then go on with the
others. If the resolution should be referred to a
committee, what practical goodwill result? In the
view I take of it, I consider it no more than a mat-
ter of courtesy, I would dispose of the resolution
by a motion of indefinite postponement. If the
committee shall think proper to submit a similar
resolution, then do so. I distinctly understood the
honorable Senator who moved to lay the resolution
oil the table; that lie did not consider it a definite
and final disposition of the matter. Afterwards, I
know, my honorable colleague [Mr. Cass] ob-
tained the floor, but was then precluded fVom- ad-
dressing the Senate. Influenced by this consider-
ation, I voted to take up the subject. I will go
with Senators foi such a disposition of it as the
good of the country may dictate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was anticipated in most of
the. few remarks that I intended to toffer by my
fiiend near me. I considered that it was only an
act of courtesy due to any Senator to receive any
i proposition couched in proper language and rela-
ting to a subject proper for the consideration of the
body. And although I might have anticipated
what has actually occurred, a debate of very wide
range, and although I have deprecated as much as
any Senator the effect of that debate, yet still I
would have voted for taking up the motion to re-
ceive that resolution. A nd, sir, I do believe that if
any ill consequences result from this debate—which
I certainly do not apprehend—it will be because all
sorts of questions have been brought within and
fastened upon a mere proposition to receive a reso-
lution from the Senator. And, to my utter sur-
prise, the very men who have thus gone out of the
recoid are those who seem to reflect upon me for
giving that vote. But my cxperiencc has con-
vinced me long since that it is worse than useless
to undertake to prevent a free expression of opin-
ion on topics interesting to public bodies and to the
country at large, and no vote of mine shall ever be
taken in this body with favorable reference to any
such result. I believe that we are bound—and I
believe that the Senate of the United States feel the
duty incumbent upon them-—to treat all questions
touching our foreign relations with a proper degree
of respect to the feelings and wishes of other na-
tions as well as those of our own; and I am not at
all alarmed for the result of any warmth of expres-
sion into which Senators may be betrayed in the
intensity of their feelings in a debate of this sort.
It will be for the acts of this body—for the final
action of the Senate upon this proposition—that the
nation will be held responsible, and not for their
words. And I should be very sorry to see a ques-
tion of this grave magnitude—a question presented
to us in the Message of the President of trie United
States, and one which had, I supposed, been ac-
quicsccd in by the whole civilized world for the
last twenty-five years—stifled by the suggestion
that an expression of our opinion on it would in-
volve this country in difficulties with foreign Pow-
ers. If there be any such difficulty apprehended
on this question, it may be in reference to the lan-
guage employed in giving expression to our views,
and the direction of my vote will greatly depend
on the tone, and temper, and spirit exhibited in the
resolutions when they come up for final action.
I can perceive that, inasmuch as these things
have been gone into, it would be giving in some sort
