248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
an opinion upon the merits of the question itself.
Well, I agree that this may be; and, let me add,
that almost in all sueh eases there is a very great
difference in men's action when out of power from
what it is when they are in power. I regretted very
much to hear the gentleman from Ohio declare that
this was a great party doctrine. I do not so regard
it. If there be anything in the sentiment at all, it
is a great American doctrine, and no Administra-
tion of this Government, so far as my knowledge
extends, has ever blinked that question. They
have all, whenever it came up, asserted the doc-
trine. AVhen they had the responsibility of office
upon them they always asserted it. Whether
this is a proper time to go into it or not, I am
not going to say. The only question in my mind
that will come up, will be after we have received
the resolutions. After that be done, I myself have
some misgivings as to what should be the proper
course; but on that question I am not prepared to
make any remarks until after the question imme-
diately before us be decided. As for myself, I
give my vote on the reception of the resolutions,
without any reference as to the final action of the
Senate upon them.
Mr. CHALMERS desired to make the explana-
tion which he was about to offer when the yeas
and nays were called. In a former case, when'this
motion for leave was before the Senate, the vote
was described by the mover as a tost vote, and lie
had therefore been compelled to vote in the nega-
tive—not from any desire, to cut off free discussion,
as would lie evident from his giving his vote in
favor of their reception; but he (lid rjot wish any
inference to be drawn as to his opinion on the
merits of the question from that vote. He would
only add that lie was opposed to odd, in any way,
to the causes of embarrassment at present existing-
between the two countries.
Mr. PENNYBACKER had voted for taking up
the motion for leave to introduce the resolution out
of courtesy to the Senator. He reserved to himself
the right to express his opinion on the merits of the
question when it came up for discussion. He was
desirous, however, as he would then take the op-
portunity of stating, to see the Oregon question set-
tled before the action of Congress was embarrassed
by any other discussion involving the relations of
the two countries.
Mr. ARCHER had only a sentence to say. The
subject-matter of the resolution was identical with
that of the Panama discussion. That, discussion
lasted six weeks. The question was of much grcatei
magnitude than one involving, as had been stated,
merely the exercise of ordinary courtesy to a brother
member. It was neither more nor less than this:
whether the Senate, at this particular stage in the
politics and history of the country—at this critical
moment—would do—what ? Why, plunge at once
into this great ocean of tempestuous debate which
was encountered on the Panama discussion. Now,
although he was disposed to be as courteous as any
Senator in that chamber, yet he could not consent
to extend courtesy so far as to put in jeopardy, in
the slightest decree, the best interests of the coun-
try. He hoped, therefore, that the motion for the
reception of the resolution would not prevail—that
the condemning hand of the Senate would be placed
upon that attempt to introduce heedlessly and inop-
portunely a subject of irritating and unprofitable
discussion.
Mr. BREESE had been verymuch surprised to
hear the Senator from South Carolina assert that,
there was no precedent for the movement of the
honorable gentleman from Ohio. Perhaps the fact
that he was unable to find a precedent, for the ob-
jection by one Senator to the introduction by
another of a resolution expressed in respectful lan-
guage, and relating to the business of the Senate,
or any subject of national concernment, whether
embraced or not in the President's Message, had
induced that opinion. They had also been told
by the Senator from South Corolina, that the dec-
laration made by Mr. Monroe in 1893, and in which
the honorable Senator, as a member of the Cabinet,
must have himself participated, had had no force
and no effect. He did not know by what authori-
ty the Senator had a right so to pronounce that
opinion. How was it possible for the Senator to
estimate the moral effect already produced by such
a declaration upon the powers of the world, in-
spired as they are by ambitious desires for territo-
rial aggrandizement ? They could not estimate that
effect. It was impossible, in the veiy nature of
things, that the Senator could estimate it. But one
thing they could estimate. The motion, as he un-
derstood it, was a motion for leave on the part of
the Senator from Ohio, to introduce this resolution.
Suppose that the House refused to grant that
leave: could they not estimate the moral effect of
that throughout this nation and elsewhere ? It did
appear to him that the Senate should pause before
it reftised leave to introduce this resolution. Again,
he (Mr. B.) was by no means disposed to agree
with the doctrine, that because any particular sub-
ject happens to be referred to in the President's
Message, and is committed to the appropriate com-
mittee, that therefore any Senator is debarred from
the privilege of directing to it the attention of the
Senate by resolution. Suppose that Congress had
united, in 1833, by joint resolution with President
Monroe, could any one fail to see the moral effect
that would have been produced by sueh a declara-
tion? Talk of the want of force and power in
mere, declarations! There had hern a declaration
made by the American people, in 1776, that carried
with it a moral force which they had been enabled
fully to sustain by physical force; and it might be
that they would be enabled to sustain this resolu-
tion, or any declaration of a similar character, by
the same menus. It was anything but improper
to prepare the hearts and spirits of the nation to
maintain its principles and rights, and therefore he
would cordially vote for the reception of the reso-
lution.
Mr. CALHOUN here remarked that his expres-
sion with respect to the point of order was, that if
any resolution were offered embracing subject-
matter already in the hands of a committee, it was
unparliamentary. In voting neninst this motion
they who voted with him would not thus evince
thai they were not disposed to resist aggression;
but that they only advocated the policy of refrain-
ing from declarations which we were not prepared
to carry out. Those who voted with him would
lie as strongly opposed as any to European inno-
vaiion.
The question was then put, and the yeas and
navs bcins: taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atli-
erton, Rugby, Ronton, Tlrrcse, Bright, Cameron,
Cass, Chalmers, Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix, Pair-
field, Hannegan, Lewis, Nlies, Pennybacker, Scm-
plr, Simmons, Speight, Sturgeon, Turncy, Wood-
bridge, and Yulcc—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Cal-
houn, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Oor-
win, Crittenden, Davis, Evans, Greene, Hunting-
toil, Jarnagin, Johnson of Louisiana, McDuflie,
Mangum, Miller, Pearce, Phelps, Upham, and
Webster—21.
So leave was granted to introduce the resolution;
which was then read, referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed for
the use of the .Seriate.
Mr. SEVIER wished to state, in explanation of
his not. voting, that he had paired off with a friend,
otherwise he would have voted for the reception of
the resolution.
Mr. WEBSTER rose to ask leave to introduce
a resolution which was of much importance, and
which, under the rule of the Senate, would lie over
until to-morrow.
Leave having been given,
Mr. WEBSTER submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate any
correspondence which may have taken place be-
tween the Government of the United States and
that of England or its Minister, or between the
Government of the United States and Ministers of
the United States abroad, on the subject of Ore-
gon, since the last communication from the Presi-
dent, so far as, in his judgment, such communica-
tion may be made without prejudice to the public
interests.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 26, 1846.
The Journal of Saturday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced that the business
first in order would be the call of the States for
petitions, commencing where the call was last ar-
rested, with the State of Rhode Island.
OREGON. .
Mr. T. R. KING rose and asked leave that a
certain paper, which (he said) he would send to
the Clerk's table, might be read.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman submit
any motion ? _ "
Mr. KING. No, sir. But I ask that the paper
be read for information.
No objection having been made, the paper was
read, as 'follows :
Joint Resolution concerning the Oregon Tcrrftory.
Whereas, by the convention concluded the
twentieth day of October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, between the United States of America
and the King of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and freland, for the period of ten years,
and afterwards indefinitely extended and continued
in force by another convention of the same parties,
concluded the sixth day of August, in the year of
our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-
seven, it was agreed that any country that may be
claimed by either party on the northwest coast of
America westward of the Stony or1 Rocky moun-
tains, now commonly called the Oregon territory,
should, together with its harbors, bays, and creeks,
and the navigation of all rivers within the same,
he " free and open" to the vessels, citizens, and
subjects of the two Powers, but without prejudice
to any claim which either of the parties might
have to any part of said country; and with this
further provision, in the second article of the said
convention of the sixth of August, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-seven, that either party might
abrogate and annul said convention on giving due
notice of twelve months to the other contracting
party:
And whereas it has now become desirable that the
respective claims of the United States arid Great
Britain should be definitely settled, and that said
territory may no longer than need be remain sub-
ject to the evil consequences of the divided alle-
giance of its'American and British population, and
of the confusion and conflict of national jurisdic-
tions, dangerous to the cherished peace and good
understanding of the two countries:
With a view, therefore, that steps be taken for
the abrogation of the said convention of the sixth
of August, eighteen hundred and twenty-seven, in
the mode prescribed in its second article, and that
the attention of the Governments of both countries
may be the more earnestly and immediately directed
to renewed efforts for the settlement of all their dif-
ferences and disputes in respect to said territory:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United Slates of Jhncrica in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized, at his discretion,
to give to the British Government the notice re-
quired by its said second article for the abrogation
of the said convention of the sixth of August,
eighteen hundred and twenty-seven: Provided,
however, That, in order to afford ample time and
opportunity for the amicable settlement and adjust-
ment of all their differences and disputes in respect
to said territory, said notice ought not to be given
till after the el ose of the present session of Congress:
Provided, further, That the said notice shall be ac-
companied with a proposition from this Govern-
ment to submit the claims of the United States and
Great Britain to said territory to the arbitration of
a person or persons qualified to determine upon
their respective rights in and to the same, whose
decision shall be binding upon both nations.
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be,
and is hereby, instructed to report a bill organ-
izing a Territorial Government in Oregon, to go into
operation at the expiration of the notice aforesaid
terminating the existing convention between the
lwo_Governments, unless the President, in his dis-
cretion, and by proclamation, shall suspend the
same, (which he is authorized to do,)'until a reas-
onable time after the meeting of the next session
of Congress thereafter: Provided, That at that
time the rights of the respective nations to the ter-
ritory in dispute shall not have been definitely ter-
minated by negotiation or arbitration: Jlridfwther,
That a copy of the foregoing preamble and reso-
lutions shall accompany the notice to the Govern-
ment of Great Britain herein provided for.
The reading having been concluded,
Mr. KING said that his intention was to offer,
this at the, proper time as an amendment to the^sev-
eral pending propositions on the Oregon question.
