1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
Mr. WENTWORTH gave notice that he
should, -when the proposition came up, ask leave
to amend, as follows:
" But no proposition for arbitration concerning
* the said territory shall be made by the Govern-
* ment of the UnitedStates, until it shall be satisfied
' that the markets of Great Britain shall be per-
* manenUy open to the breadstufFs of the United
* States. ^
The SPEAKER (addressing Mr. King) said
that the proposition could only be received by
unanimous consent, or by a suspension of the
rules.
Mr, KING said, he presumed there would be
no objection. He merely wished that the propo-
sition should lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL was understood to say
that the original resolution had not yet (he be-
lieved) been printed, and to suggest that that and
all the proposed amendments should be printed
together.
'The suggestion having been assented to, the
printing was ordered accordingly.
THE OREGON DEBATE.
Mr. PRESTON KING rose and asked leave to
offer the following resolution; which was read for
information:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of
the "Whole House on the state of the Union on
joint resolution No. 5, relating to Oregon, shall
cease at two o'clock, p. m., om Monday next, (if
the committee shall not sooner come to a conclu-
sion upon the same*,) and the committee shall then
proceed to vote on such amendments as may be
pending, or offered to the same, and shall then
report it to the House, with such amendments aa
may have been agreed to by the committee.
Mr. P. KING said he did not propose to ask
the House to adopt the resolution now. Tic merely
offered it by way of notice, and asked that it might
He on the table.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL was understood to ask
whether the gentleman from New York fMr. P.
King] had informed any member of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs of his intention to offer this
resolution?
Mr. P. ICING was understood to say that (the
resolution having been rend) those gentlemen had
all of them now the information before them.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. That, then, is all the
information they have had.
The resolution ,was laid on the table.
Mr. P. KING moved that the House now re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was taken, and the motion seemed
on the point of being rejected; when
Mr. COBB demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
And the question was taken; but before it was
announced, a great number of members changed
theiV votes from nay to yea.
The vote was then announced as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Abbott, John Q,uincy Adams,
Stephen Adams, Anderson, Arnold, Ashmun, At-
kinson, Barringer, Bayly, Bedinjjer, Bell, Benton,
Bowlin, Boyd, Brinicerhoff, Brodhead, Milton
Brown, Buffington, John H. Campbell, Cathcart,
Augustus A. Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Cobb,
Cocke, Collin, Constable, Cranston, Cullom, Cul-
ver, Daniel, Darragh, De Mott, Dixon, Dobbin,
Douglass, Edsall, Erdnmn, Edwin JI. Ewing,
Foster, Gentry, Giddings, Giles, Grover, Hamlin,
Haralson, Herrick, Hiliiard, Hoge, E. B. Holmes,
Hopkins, Hough, George S. Houston, Washing-
ton Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Jenkins, Jas. H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Geo.
W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kennedy, Preston King,
Lawrence, Leake, Lewis, Levin, Long, Lump-
kin, Maclay, McClelland, McConnell. McDow-
ell, Mcllvaine, McKay, Moulton, Norris, Ow-
en, Parish, Payne, Pendleton, Perrill, Perry,
Phelps, Pollock, Price, Reid, Relfe, Ritter, John
A. Rockwell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Leonard H
Sims, Truman Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert
Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stephens, Thomas-
son, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Til-
den, Toombs, Tredway, Vinton,' White, Win-
throp, Woodward, Woodworth, and Yell—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, J. A. Black, Brocken-
brough, William G. Brown, Burt, William W.
Campbell, John G. Chapman, Chipman, Collamer,
Crozier, Cummins, Dargan, Garrett Davis, Delano,
Jno. H. Ewing, Fries, Goodyear, Graham, Hamp-
ton, Harper, Henley, John W. Houston, Samuel
D. Hubbard,Hungerford, Hunter, J. R. Ingersoll,
Daniel P. King, Leib, McClean, McGaijghey, Mc-
Henry, Marsh, Barclay Martin, Miller, Moseley,
Rhett, Roberts, Julius Rockwell, Root, Runk,
Schenck, Seaman, Seddon, A. D. Sims, Strohm,
Thibodeaux, Benjamin Thompson, JamesThomp-
son, Vance, Wentworth, Wilmot,and Young—53.
So the motion was agreed to.
Whereupon the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Tibbatts, ofKentucky, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the joint resolution heretofore
reported from the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
providing for the termination of the convention be-
tween the United States and Great Britain respect-
ing the Territory of Oregon, together with the sev-
eral amendments thereto pending.
Mr..PENDLETON was entitled to the floor,
and addressed the committee during the hour. At
his request, a report of his speech (in preparation)
is postponed.
Mr. P. spoke in opposition to the joint resolu-
tion, contending that the giving of the notice, in the
manner proposed, would be equivalent to war; that
war would not only be inevitable, but immediate.
Even, however, if he was mistaken in this position,
he was opposed to the notice as a measure of peace,
not believing that it would accomplish the object
designed.
Mr. P. having concluded,
Mr. SAWTELLE obtained the floor, but yield-
ed for a moment to
Mr. TRKPWAY, who sent to the Clerk's ta-
ble, the following amendment, which he said he
would offer when in order:
"That the President of the United States shall,
( as soon as he may deem it advisable, consistently
' with our treaty stipulations, eausc notice to be
4 given to the Government of Great Britain, that
i the convention between the United States and
'Great Britain, concerning the country on the
'northwest, const of America, west of the Stony
' mountains, entered into on the 6th August, 1827,
e shnll, m conformity with (he second article of said
' convention, be annulled and abrogated from and
' aftei^two years from the time of the approval of
'this resolution: Provided, That nothing herein
s contained shall restrict the President from termina-
' ting said convention by negotiation, and agreeing
* to a boundary line between the possessions of
4 Great Britain and the United States, in said terri-
' tory, at any point not south of forty-nine degrees
' north latitude/'
Mr. SAWTELLE then resumed the floor, and
addressed the committee.
I do not desire, Mr. Chairman,or design, (said
he,) at this late day of this discussion, to make an
elaborate speech, or long detain the committee with
any remarks which I may offer on the resolution
under consideration. So much has already been
said, and been so well said, by gentlemen all around
me, that I should hardly know where to begin or
where to end should I attempt to fill out the hour
which is allowed to gentlemen on this floor. But
as that rule is not construed to be. obligatory upon
gentlemen to consume the entire hour; as the
whole ground has been literally covered, and every
argument adduced which the ingenuity of man can
devise; as the merits of this question have been
ably, faithfully, and eloquently discussed, I shall
detain the committee but a few moments. Had I
been so fortunate, sir, as to have obtained the ear
of the Chair at an earlier moment, I, too, might
have gone fully into the subject,, as I had the van-
ity to believe that I had blocked out a pretty good
speech; and, although I cannot charge any gentle-
man with having intentionally stolen my story,
still there has been so constant a peculation upon
my capital that I find I have little, very little, of it
now left; and I must therefore be content with
briefly defining my position upon the question on
which I shall soon be called to give my vote.
I admire, Mr. Chairman, the frank, manly, and
truly democratic message of our President; and I
believe that the recommendations therein contained
find an enthusiastic response in the hearts of the
people in every portion of our land, and that there
is not a mere willingness manifested by the people,
but a desire—a strong, a deep, and a patriotic de-
sire—that the enterprising pioneer, who makes his
new home in the Far West, shall receive alike with
our citizens who remain the protection of our Gov-
ernment and our laws. And I cannot coincide with
the venerable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] who on a former occasion expressed his
fearful forebodings that the President of the United
States would "back out" from die position he has
assumed. Sir, I believe that he is made of sterner
stuff, and that he has too much of the hickory in
him—of firmness and dauntless coiyrage—to be
swerved from the straight line of his duty; I be-
lieve that he will be found true to the principles
upon which he has been elevated by the people to
the highest office within their gift—to the most
elevated station withm the reach of man; and that,
in his firm maintenance of those principles, in his
firm defence of the interests and honor of the coun-
try, he will find the approbation of that people,
who arc ever true to those who are true to them.
And now, Mr. Chairman, allow me to inquire,
what does the resolution upon your table piopose
to do? Why, merely "that the President of the
United States forthwith cause notice to be given to
the government of Great Britain, that the conven-
tion between the United States and Great Britain,
concerning the territory of Oregon of the Gth of
August, 1827, signed at London, shall be annulled
and abrogated, at the expiration of the term of
twelve months from and after said notice shall be
given, conformably to the second artic o of the said
convention of the Gth of August, 1827." And yet
we are told in this Hall, if you adopt that resolution,
if you take this measure which is thus in express
terms provided for in the convention between the
United States and Great Britain, that war must in-
evitably ensue: that the sword must be drawn, and
that the "British lion" is at this moment whetting
I his teeth, and placing himself in an attitude ofrea-
t diness for this quarrel ! Sir, there is no occasion for
j oil this high-sounding and warlike declamation. Is
j there anything belligerent in the tone, the language,
! or the, spirit of the resolution? Not at all. Why,
: then, this flourish, this vaporing, this gasconading,
I ond these niock heroics, to which we havelisten-
I ed for a few days past, in relation to a war that
the excessive sensibilities of some gentlemen lma-
1 gine may arise from this action on our part? Sir,
j pass your resolutions, and if war comes, it is a war
I of aggression on the part of Great Britain—a war
wholly unprovoked by us; and when that event
happens, if I may judge from the tone and temper
of gentlemen in this Hall and elsewhere, we will
have but one single feeling, we will have the beat-
ings of but one heart among the entire people of
this country; then we will draw the sword, and
fling the scabbard away.
But I hear it whispered, "suspend action for
the present; delay to take any step; we must
people Oregon; we must float in emigration there;
we must creep into this beautiful and this fertile
region by stealth;" and when we are once firmly
planted there, when we ore multiplied, as the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Kennedy] has it, by the
" American multiplication table," then, porcupine-
like, we must thrust out our quills and drive out
all intruders; or, if we cannot thus effect our pur-
pose, then, m the language of the gentleman who
has just addressed the committee, we must resort
to settlement, to "negotiation, to diplomacy or com-
promise—ay, that is the word; and, sir, if I under-
stand the meaning of that term to be the way and
the manner in which the State of Maine, which I
have the honor here in part to represent, was re-
cently " compromised," yes, victimized, to satisfy
the grasping; avarice and rapacity of Great Britain
and her minister, Lord Ashburton, then I want to
hear no more of that word, for it is the vilest term
in the whole vocabulary. The fruit of that com-
promise "was rotten before it was ripe." We
want no more half-English half-American secre-
taries to barter away any other portion of our ter-
ritory. W^e were torn limb from limb, despoiled
of apart of our rightful possession, and my con-
stituency will never'consent to see any other por-
tion of our Union visited by a like outrage.
As has been very properly remarked, this I
conceive to be a great national question—a ques-
tion of equal interest to us all in every portion of
this wide-spread confederacy. Where is the Amer-
ican citizen who can say, \ have no part or lot, no
interest in this matter ? Is there any? No, not
one. The hardy fisherman on our eastern shores,
the lumberman on our northern pine-clad moun-
tains, the husbandman who turns up the glebe of
our western prairies, and the cotton-grower of the
