250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan.'87,
South, all are alike interested; and I deeply regret
to have witnessed on this floor a disposition to ex-
cite sectional jealousies, to array one portion of
the country against another. Gentlemen of the
West complain of the South because they do not
come up to this work with all the warmth and
energy with which they aided in the consumma-
tion of the annexation of Texas. What has that
to do with this question ? The question of Texas
was settled on its merits, and I would see this
question treated in the same way. The lone star
of Texas now shines brightly in our galaxy, and
still there is room for the star of Oregon. Yes-
and a charge is made against the South of ingrati-
tude. Sir, I have in former life had the gratifica-
tion of cultivating, during a brief residence in the
South, many friendships with its high-minded and
generous inhabitants, and have familiarized myself
somewhat with the southern character; and in
justice to the South, I must say that they are never
amenable to the charge of ingratitude; for if there
is a trait in their character of which they may well
feel proud even to boasting, it is, that they are
ever and always true to their friends, and magnan-
imous to their enemies.
^Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kennedy] informed this House that the patriotism
of the North, too, was measured.by dollars and
cents. Sir, I would say to that honorable gentle-
man, that he knows very little of the character of
our people if he supposes that we are governed by
such grovelling, sordid motives. Who, I ask you,
in the war of the Revolution, and in the later war
with Great Britain, were found in the thickest of
the fight ? Want yon proof of the gallant patriot-
ism of New England's sons? Go to Lexington,
to Concord, to Bunker Hill, and to the scenes of
hundreds of other hard-fought battles, and even
now you may see the bones "of the enemy blench-
ing in the sun—as monuments of their valor. Yes,
let war come again with Great Britain, or any
other nation on the face of the globe, then go and
ask your Secretary of the Navy where he will look
for seamen to man your national ships—for men
who know and dare do their duty—and he will tell
you that lie would give more for one crew of east-
ern fishermen than for all your landsmen put to-
gether, although, as the honorable gentleman face-
tiously remarks, they arc schooled to fighting in
the West—they have been cradled in the sycamore,
and have wrestled with the bear. Again, sir, let wel-
come, and who make greater sacrifices than the
North? We build, own, man, and sail our ships,
whose canvass whitens every sea upon the habita- :
Me globe; and we are willing to give them up when '
the exigencies of the country call for the sacrifice; I
we surrender them cheerfully, and without reserve, I
ill defence of our national honor, and for tin; pro-
tection of our national rights: and is there no patri-
otism in this? Is there no love of country here '
I remarked, Mr. Chairman, that I did not intend
to punish ray friends with a long speech, and 1 will
redeem my pledge. I will only add that I shall go
for the notice—for the adoplion of the resolution—
cheerfully, cordially, and I intend to back up my
position by all necessary subsequent action.
Mr. GROVER obtained the floor, and addressed
the committee at some length in favor of the adop-
tion of the resolution giving the notice to Great
Britain, and in reply to remarks of gentlemen who
had preceded him. [A report of his speech is de-
ferred at his request.]
Mr. DOUGLASS obtained the floor, and he re-
marked that he had supposed, when he came to the
House this morning, that the day would be occu-
pied as petition-day. He had not, therefore,
brought with him some authorities and papers
which he wished to use. He would move, as the
hour was late, that the committee rise.
Mr. McKAY osked the committee to take up
the fortification bill.
The CHAIRMAN said that it could be done
only by general consent.
Mr. BRODHEAD and other members objected.
Mr. McKAY moved that the consideration of
the joint resolution of notice be postponed for the
present, with a view to take up the ordinary forti-
fication bill.
Mr. DOUGLASS, adverting to the obvious fact
that there was not a quorum present, moved that
the committee rise.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL suggested that a quo-
rum could be obtained in a few minutes by going
to the Senate.
The CHAIRMAN, remarking that it was mani-
fest that no quorum was present, was about to put
tile motion that the committee rise; when
Mr. PRESTON KING suggested that, in that
event, it would be the duty of the Chairman to
report the fact that there was no quorum in the
House.
The committee then rose, and the Chairman re-
ported to the House that the committee had had
under consideration the state of the Union gen-
erally, and especially the joint resolution respect-
ing tlie territory of Oregon; but that, finding itself
without a quorum, the committee had risen, &c.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH and Mr. YANCE
moved that the House, adjourn.
The yeas and nays having been asked, the mo-
tion was withdiawn.
The question then recurred, and was taken on
the motion that there be a call of the House, and
it was derided in the negative without a division.
So a call of the House was refused.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGKRSOLL now moved that
the House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (with a view to
take up the fortification bill.)
Mr. W K.V1 WORT 1 i was understood to ex-
press his intention to object to the consideration of
the bill, until the harbor bill should have been con-
sidered.
The question on the motion of Mr. J. R/Inger-
SOLI. was then taken, and decided in the negative.
So the House refused to go into committee.
Mr. GRAHAM moved that the House adjourn.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered ;
and being taken, were [(lie reporter thinks, though
lie could not hear the annunciation of the Chair,]
yeas f>0, nays 77.
So the House (a quorum being now present) re-
fused to adjourn.
EXECU'irVK COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by consent, laid before the
House the following Executive communications:
A communication from the Post Office Depart-
ment, transmitting a copy of the abstract of the
offers for carrying the malls made within the year
preceding the 1st of July, 1845.
A statement, of all such land and water mails as
have been established or ordered within the said
year.
A report of all contracts made for the transport-
ation of the mail within the year aforesaid.
A report of all additional allowances made to
mail contractors within the said year.
And a report of curtailments of mail service and
pay, ordered within the same time.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting statements giving information called
for in the first branch of the resolution of the
House in relation to the amount of hospital mon-
ey paid by the officers and seamen in the mer-
chant service on lakes Erie, Michigan, Ontario,
and Cbamplain, &c., separating the amount paid
on each lake, at what custom-house paid, and how
expended; whether among the fifteen hundred sea-
men arriving at Chicago monthly, there has been
any disbursed.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a report from the Register of the
Treasury, ill pursuance of the resolution of the
House of the. 15th instant, relative to the salary,
fees, and allowances, received by each district at-
torney of the United States during the last year.
A letter from the Postmaster General, transmit-
ting, in obedience to the 22d section of the act to
change the organization of the Post Office Depart-
ment, a report of all fines imposed, and deductions
made, from the pay of contractors during the year
ending 30th June, 1845.
Mi-. BRODHEAD moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
But a motion to adjourn having been made and
agreed to,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 27, 3846.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a com-,
munication from the Commissioner of Public Build- i
ings in relation to the correction of an error in his I
report of the 2d ultimo; which was referred to the
Committee oil Public Buildings.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, transmitting a report of the Second Au-
ditor of the Treasury, agreeably to law, exhibiting
the disbursement or application of moneys, goods(
and effects for the benefit of the Indians, frotn Oc-
tober 1, 1844, to the 30th September, 1845; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
PETITIONS.
Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial of Benja-
min E. Greene, praying to be allowed the usual
pay and allowances of a charge d'affaires for ser-
vices rendered by him in that capacity near the
Mexican Government in the year 1844; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DIX presented three petitions from citizens
of Cayuga county, New York, in relation to cer-
tain treaties with the Seneca Indians; which were
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. ATHERTON presented further documents
in relation to the claim of David Robb, late Indian
agent, to compensation for certain services; which,
together with certain papers oil the same subject
now on file in the Senate, were referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON presented several petitions
from citizens of Pennsylvania, praying the im-
provement of the harbors of the Delaware river at
Bomba hook; which were referred to the Commit'
tee on Commerce.
Mr. STURGEON presented further petitions on
the same subject; which were also referred to the
Committee on Commerce. ,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
petition of James B. ©avenport, praying- the con-
firmation of his claim to certain land in the State
of Louisiana; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. N1JLES presented the petition of Charles
Larabee, late a major in the United States army,
praying to be granted arrears of pension.
In presenting the petition, Mr. N. made a few
remarks in support of the petitioner's claim, in the
course of which ho stated that he,(Mr. N.) had
known Major Larabee long and well; he was one
of those meritorious officers in the last war with
Great Britain who entered into the service as a pri-
vate soldier, and for his courageous and merito-
rious conduct was promoted, and presented with
the commission of a major. At the desperate
struggle at Lundy's Lane the petitioner lost his
right arm, and he (Mr. N.) considered that his
ease was one which well deserved the favorable
consideration of the Senate. The petition was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ARCHER presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying a modification of
the laws of naturalization; which were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. .
Mr. BENTON presented two reports, made in
1841, by the majority and minority of the select
committee on the origin and character of fishing
bounties and allowances; which were referred to
the Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the subject of repealing the duty on salt.
Mr. ASHLEY presented the petition of Lewis
Evans, a licensed Indian trader, praying compen-
sation for loss sustained in consequence of the
seizure of "his property by certain Cherokee In-
dians; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. BREESE, pursuant to notice, asked, ob-
tained leave, and introduced a bill for the relief of
Benjamin Harris, of La Salle county, Illinois;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DICKINSON, pursuant to notice, asked,
obtained leave, and introduced a joint resolution
providing for the preservation of petitions and pa-
pers presented to Congress; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom the subject was referred, report-
ed "A bill to provide for the more effectual publi-
cation of the laws of the United States;" which
was read a first time, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of Henry
Gardiner and others, directors of the New fingland
and Mississippi Land Company; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
