204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan*2?r;
was not unmindful of the dufy of preparing in times
of peace for war; and was now ready, as he al-
ready had said, to go on with an appropriation for
the permanent defence of the country, according to
the matured policy and system on which the Gov-
ernment had acted for thirty years. From the
conclusion of the late war down to this time, the
Government had acted on this policy, duly mar
tured and considered. This he was ready to carry
forward; but he was not willing to depart from
this policy, this system, and plunge into a war
measure, when everything around us indicated
peace. If war should come, then he would vote
adequately, with no stinted hand, everything which
the service of the country required. He was against
increasing the navy beyond the limit adverted to,
in time of peace. If war should come—and he
would do nothing which seemed to announce it 
it would be seen that he was not disposed for half-
way measures. But he was against any measure
which was questionable or debatable on its face;
and he hoped that his position, in war or peace,
would never be questionable or debatable. We
should, with regard to this subject, act clearly, dis-
tinctly, and deiinitively, that the country may not
be deceived. We have not precisely a naval peace
establishment. Since he had been here, various
bills had been brought in for this purpose, and the
question discussed.
In 1841, the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Archer,]
reported a bill for the organization of a permanent
peace establishment. Restriction after restriction
had been prescribed by Congress. Then the whole
number was eight thousand men, and the estimates
six millions of dollars; but the Administration of j
that period run up the number of men and officers, |
m the twinkling of an eye, to eleven or twelve i
thousand, at an expense of eight millions of dol- j
lars; and a plan was sent in by which the number j
might be carried up to fifteen thousand, by adding !
an additional number of guns to the navy; and lor j
what purpose? That of putting a squadron, con- j
sisting of two ships-of-the-lme and eight smaller j
vessels—where? In the Mediterranean sea, and
for the avowed purpose of protection, where, when
the right bank was held by piratical vessels, a few
small vessels were found sufficient for the protec-
tion of the British revenue. Subsequently, how-
ever, the naval establishment was required to fall
hack to eight thousand men by the expiration of jj
the period of enlistment. The expenditure hud jj
been diminished to what it was 111 1841. (Jon- jj
gross took the Secretary and the navy, turned jj
them round, and walked them back to what they j!
had previously been. Since that period, the estab-!j
lishment had been carried up about a thousand; j;
and let but an order issue from the department r
and five thousand may be added to it, and thus j
would have to be added—ten men to a sun—iifty j
guns and five hundred men to every frigate. The j
ships were now building, although some time must |
yet elapse before they would be ready for then-
armament. He asked the "friends of the navy,"
those called so by way of pre-eminence, (though
he was himself a friend of the navy,) what they
conceived would be the consequence of keeping up
so large a naval establishment in the country?
What would be the etl'ect of such a war establish-
ment, when our destiny, resulting from the laws
of God and from geographical position, as well ;
as our institutions, is peace? Did gentlemen con- |
sider what would be the effect of a permanent lia- j|
val war establishment in time of peace? Great jj
Britain had no idea of such a thing as that; she jj
who keeps up a navy for the purpose ofoU'ence as jj
well as defence over the four quarters of the j|
globe. Even she had no idea of keeping up a<!
war establishment in time of peace. The or- ji
rimary expenses of her navy were from five to j;
six millions sterling'? or less than one-third thcji
amount of her war establishment. And were we ;j
to ha\ e a navy at the same expense m peace as in !;
war?—increased twice the amount of what it was.'
Were we to double, and take one jump irom six
millions to twelve? He was utterly opposed to it,
and he wished gentlemen to look to the organiza-
tion of a naval pcace establishment.
At the close of General Jackson's administration, ,
four thousand men and an expenditure of tlnee or ,
four millions for the navy were considered extrav- j
agant But they had doubled since. And were j
we prepared to double and double, and carry six j
millions to twelve millions? He repeated, that
there was now in the estimates from the Navy i)e-1
partment, one million and fifty thousand dollars for
the increase, repair, and armament of the navy.
He would vote for that with pleasure. And with
this regular increase, he thought that we were go-
ing on as fast as the country increased, and a great
deal faster. The world had changed. Thirty
years ago the West Indies and the Mediterranean
were infested by pirates; but now the whole world
was reduced to order, and commerce was safe
everywhere. In the Media rranean sea there was
no more danger than in the Chesapeake bay. And
it would be far better that our ships should remain
in the Chesapeake bay, that the money might be
spent at home and not abroad. If they were not
I to remain in the Chesapeake bay, let them be dis-
tributed, according to the idea of distributing offi-
; ces, to the seaboard towns, that every one may
j have his share. There was no more necessity for
j a squadron in the Mediterranean than in the Ches-
I apeake buy to protect our commerce. Theie was
j no necessity, m a peace point of view, or a war
point of view, for doubling our navy, as now pro-
posed by this bill. He would go against it as a
war measure. The motion which lie should make
was, that the bill be postponed to some day far
distant in the session. Everybody said they would
not want the vessels for some time, and therefore
he saw no necessity for a war measure to-day. If
gentlemen were ready for the question lie would
i,ote against the bill; if ihey weic disposed to lay
it over for a few months, to see what will turn up,
lie had no objection. Mr. B, (at the suggestion of
several Senators) moved that the bill be postponed
until the first Monday m JVlay.
Mr. JjICKUv'SON rose and1 said that, at a very
early stage of the session, resolutions were brought
forward by the Senator from Michigan, instituting
an inquiry into the state of the public defences of
the country, and received nearly the unanimous
vote of the Senate. A portion of the subject-
matter related to the naval defences, and was ac-
cordingly referred to the Committee on JN'aval Af-
fairs, of which lie (Mr. i).) had the honor of being
a member. The bill reported by the Senator from
Maine was the result of the labors of that com-
mittee, After the minute and detailed statement
made by the Senator, |Mr. ^airfield,] and the
arguments as toils utility, he did'not teel called
upon to go into any defence of the bill; he would
rather confine himself more particularly to the ex-
traordinary position taken by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Bknton.] He told them that that
was a war measure, and a war measure for the first
time officially recommended as such. Now, whe-
ther it was a war measure or a peace measure,
was perfectly immaterial to him; so long as ho be-
lieved it a just one, lie would inquire 110 further.
It was not material to him whether a small amount
or large one of money, whether a greater or small-
er number of men, were required. For his part,
he would never open a leger account between na-
tional interest and national honor, nor reduce it
in any shape to a question of pounds, shillings,
and pence. There was a large sum of money,
and a large number of men called for: and the
Senator told them of the overthrow of a distin-
guished party because it asked thirteen millions
of dollars for the defences of the country. They
were swept out of power, and, like tho children of
Israel, they were wanderers and sojourners, but
without the hope that they should return to Jeru-
salem, or receive the looked-for Messiah, Not
one of them was to be found; they had disap-
peared like the foam of the ocean. But did the
Senator recollect that party which stood, like the
oak, high m the pride of its strength, but now
humbled to the dust before public opinion, for
not putting the country in a state of defence ? He
said that was a war measuic, and although con-
tiugent to a ^real extent, yet it was a war nicas-
me, because it was by authority. The Senator
had said he had gone for the same extended plan
of defence for the last thirty years, and was will-
ing to pursue it then. He (Mr. D.) would go
with him, if he proved the same circumstances ex-
isted now—that there was no alteration in that
thirty years to wan-ant a change m that proposed
system—if he could show there were no clouds
of war hovering above us—nothing threatening in
our foreign relations. But he (Mr. D.) thought
there was such a change in the state of affairs du-
ring the last thirty years as called upon the Sen-
ator from Missouri to depart from his plan. He
believed the Senator had during that period seen
fit occasions to deviate M>m it'. He was not hers-'
at the time, but he believed "the Senator, pe ding
the discussion of the northeastern boundary ques-
tion, voted for giving the President tinbottiided au-
thority and control oyer the sine wiS of W£&v ;
But they were told it Squired foo great an
amount of money—a great expenditure to parry
out the bill. Were they-to be frightened from
their propriety because they were going to expend
money ? Was an individual to reject his food and
raiment bacause of the cost? Who would consent
to such paltry computation as that? He doubted
very much whether, after doing so, the globe itself
should be found worth having. There was no-
thing in his view of their foreign relations that
necessarily looked to war; but there was much
that might, or might not, lead to it. If the Sena-
tor was right in saying that ours is, and ought to
be, a peace establishment, ought Congress to be
deaf to the calls upon it to take such measures as
would defend the coast, particularly the seaports,
and make them respected abroad and secure at
home? The Senator from Missouri said, that
some years ago, a frigate was sufficient to protect
our commerce in the Mediterranean; but why did
he not tell them at the same time that all the
Powers of Christendom were then in the habit
of paying tribute to the piratical corsairs that in-
fested the coasts? Why did he not recommend
the like course now? Because, perhaps, it would
cost money. He was aware that one of those
Powers had said, looking at the naval force of the
United States, that if he had two frigates and two
brigs he would blockade the coast of America.
They were told, however, that their commercial
marine was respccted in the Mediterranean; but
had the, gentleman who said so anything to show
that it would be respected without any protection
whatever, m case of war? He also said that, in
case war was fastened upon therri, IWto-tfuRf go for
placing the country in a state of defence; 6ut that
now he would not vote for five millions for what
ho regarded as an equivocal measure. It confer-
red too unlimited powers on the President of the
United States, at one time, at another it was equiv-
ocal; now it placcd a useless authority in the
hands of the President, again: it was equivocal.
He (Mr. D.) would prefer, not speaking of war
as he did, but he oould not avoid it; but he would
nevertheless prepare for it; he would put the coun-
try in a state of defence. It was demanded by
their constituents; they cxpected the country to
be put in a condition to resist aggresssion, come
from what quarter it might; and yet the Senator
would not grant a few millions because it was
required to support what he considered a war
measure. He trusted the Senator would come
back to his former position. But were they not to
prepare for war? Had they not learned, from the
teachings of experience, that in peace it was well
to prepare for war? Had the Senator so little con-
fidence in the Executive as to doubt the expendi-
ture of such an amount of money wisely? He
trusted not. The amount was inconsiderable com-
pared with the vast population and great extent of
our territory. It was little over the peace estab-
lishment of the last twenty years, and during that
time a third had been added to the sovereign States
of the Union, and two-thirds to the population of
the country, whilst their commerce had become
almost limitless.
Ho had been informed that, at the commence-
ment of the last war, it was proposed that their
gallant little navy should not go to sea, but take
shelter in port, and serve as harbor defences; but it
went forth and covered itself with glory. Who
did not recollect how many thousand hearts warmed
up with patriotism during that second revolution-
ary struggle ? And now, if he understood the Sen-
ator from Missouri, it was proposed that they
should remain as they were until war was forced
upon them, when lie would go for measures that
were not equivocal. They often had heard allusions
made to that great Power v/hich, if remarkable for
anything beyond her constant aggressions on every
Po wer upon earth, it was her knowledge of the po-
sition of every people she had to deli with; she
understood them better than they did themselves.
They could gain nothing by blinking that question.
By doing so they would lose the respect of the
world, including the people who were now attempt-
ing to lord it over them. Nations, like individuals,
as they became cultivated,"refined, humanized; and
Christianized, do not acquire a propensity'to rush
