184&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 55
precipitately into war. Great Britain did not in-
tend to rush into war if she could avoid it. He
agreed with the Senator that the last advices were
decidedly pacific; even the circumstance of the ex-
clusion of Lord Palmerston from the. Foreign Of-
fice showed that no person would be placed there
who would precipitate war. He cared not what
their motives might be, but he hardly thought they
would get into a quarrel with a nation that ftirnish-
ed" them with their daily bread. It had been said
that nation was looking to the balance of power on
this continent; and well she might, having acquired
a greater extent of territory in the settlement of the
northeastern boundary question than King George
marked out with his own hands. He would say
nothing on the subject of Oregon now, further than
this, that if they believed all that country belonged
to Great Britain, they ought to yield it up at once.
If their title was questionable, he would say dis-
pose of it almost any way; lie would not say by
arbitration, but at all events negotiate for it. But,
011 the other hand, if the title was " clear and un-
questionable," ho would not yield the most lwiren
and rocky island on the shore of the Pacific. If
they were to purchase peacc, let tliem do it. If
they are not disposed to believe that dollars and
cents could sausfy the exorbitant demands of
Great Britain, tlicy ought to bo prepared for the
issue.
As to the bill, there was nothing in it that should
call forth the indignation of nations abroad, or
cause alarm here. Thu matter was simple, plain,
and obvious, and sustained by a precedent m the
case of the northeastern boundary affair which re-
ceived the unanimous concurrence of the Senate.
1 le wanted no such war as the last, with its scenes
of horror and blood; no desolated coasts or flaming
cities. He would put it to the Senator if he would
not go for the defence of the country in a war
brought on by his own party, llow long would
an Administration stand that would refuse to do
so? Not a month.
One word as to the question itself. Tt was no
party one; it addressed itself to all. J fe had never
even dreamed of its being a party question, and lie
utterly repudiated the thought. It u as a mighty
American question, which, mired proudly on its
own pedestal, overlooked all others; simple and
grand, it reared its head alofl, similar to its own
Minw-covcred mountains. It had nothing of a
party caste in it; it came homo to the bieast of
every man in whose veins rim American blood; it
struck a chord in the hearts of all who were attach-
ed to their country. He (Mr. D.) went for Oregon
—-for every inch of it—and for putting the country
in a posture of defence against the desolating con-
sequences of war. Ho would go For avoiding the
possibility that ever hereafter an enemy's foot
should pollute this honored soil, or an enemy's
hand ever mutilate and defile the silent yet eloquent
monuments of the illustrious dead, and that no
hostile hand would cast to the flames tho archives
of the country. He would go for all that—for pro-
tecting the land, and every foot of the land, from
rapine, and its fair daughters from insult and bru-
tal violation.
It was not the way to gain respect from abroad
to exhibit an indifference to our rights. It was not
the way to avoid all the horrors of war to appear
tame and spiiiiless the moment that the contest
was apprehended. No. The proper attitude to be
assumed was that of a united and poweiful people
that " knew their rights, and, know ini;-, dare mam-
tain them.'' War, to lie sure, oci'u.sioncd great
destruction of human life, But hi, them look
around, and did they not see the children of men
descending to their graves without the operation of
war? It led also, it was said, to great destruction
of business—the business of the country would be
deranged—commerce would be injured—and, there-
fore, there must be no war. Let them look at that
bloodless .revolution that passed over the land like
a wild and feverish dream a few years since, cre-
ating more destruction, more derangement, more
distress, if he might be allowed the expression,
than all the horrors of war ever entailed upon ail
the commercial communities of Christendom. He
had not intended to trespass so long on the atten-
tion of the Senate. All he had designed was merely
to defend tie positions of the Committee on In aval
Affairs. It was conceded on all hands that the
present naval establishment was emphatically an
establishment of peace. Let it be so regarded, and
let them prepare, for the contingency which might
be fastened upon them, and which will certainly
anise if they did not show that they were deter-
mined to resist aggression.
Look at the history of Great Britain for the last
two hundred years ; and was it not true that,
whenever she had dealt with a Power that showed
itself timid, vacillating, yielding, she had raised her
mailed arm upon the victim ? But when met atthe
threshold—when <met by a spirit that would not
submit to anything that was wrong—has she not
at once concluded that it was best for the commer-
cial interests and the Christianity of the world, not
to involve it in the horrors of war ? That had been
the uniform course of policy pursued by Gieat
Britain; and he contended if she understood any-
thing better than another, it was the temper of the
people with whom she had to deal. She was look-
ing on and understood the position of the United
States much better than they themselves understood
it. Great Britain would be influenced by the action
of the American people. She saw full well that in
this controversy there were new eleifients at work.
They had heard from high authority that there
would be no division in their ranks if a war were
fastened upon us. Well might they then say that
the patriotic fires would burn as brightly as of old.
They had a moral element in the controversy that
would silence all opposition, even from the Govern-
ments of Europe. It was said that they had no
standing army. They had the greatest army on
earth. Every man within their widely-extended
territories was a soldier, who literally slept upon
his arms. What was the condition of Great Brit-
ain? She was rit h m power and physical force,
but where were her moral elements of strength?
For every man that would raise his arm with a
warm and generous spirit to defend her, were there
not thousands who would gladly join m the strug-
gle against her? Great Britain was making naval,
preparations, but whether to keep down her starv-
ing millions, or to perpetuate her government over
the oppressed and down-trodden people of Ireland,
or to plant hei foot still further in Asia, was per-
fectly immaterial. One thing, however, was as
clear aw the sua'at noonday to his mind: if this
country be placed in a proper state of defence—if
a just and pioper spirit were manifested—if the I
AC hole people would march shoulder to shoulder, ]
us they ou<rht in this great moral struggle—there !
never will be a struggle of force. The Oregonques-
tion will be disposed of, and with it all other ques-
tions in controversy between the two nations.
He had detained the Senate longer than he had in-
tended. He had but one request to make, and that
was, that a vote of the Senate might be given directly
on tlie bill. He was not prepared to say whether
he would go with the Senator from Indiana in his
amendment or not. Having given his assent to
the bill introduced by the Senator from Maine in
the Committee of Naval Affairs, be felt bound to
support that, and it would perhaps be best to rest
at present satisfied with the extent of itsprovisions.
ITe was opposed to silencing their public creditors
by payments ot'land. He was opposed to silencing
Great Britain by giving her land, cither on the north-
west or northeastern boundary. If tribute was to
be paid, let us keep up a show of national solvency
by paying national expenses in dollars and cents.
Here there was a call for an adjournment, it be-
ing now a quarter past two o'clock; but before any
motion to that, effect was offered,
Mr. HANNEGAN rose and said, that it+iad
been suggested that he should move an adjourn-
ment; but ho would prefer not doing so—
[Cries of " Adjourn"—" Go on."]
Mr. HANNEft AN. I would rather go on now.
I have a single word to say, not m reply—fbr such
I do not mean to make—but in explanation of
something that has fallen from my friend from
New York, who talks of purchasing peace, if it
must be purchased, by dollars. No purchased
peace with dollars or land, sir. If purchased at
all, it must be with blood and with steel alone.
In the next place, a single word of reply—and I
do it with kindess, notwithstanding the manner in
which the attack came—a single word of reply to
one whom for twelve years past I have been accus-
tomed to hold in high respect, and whom I have
ever during that period regarded as my friend.
He at least has had from me this feeling, whatever
feelings he may have cherished m his bosom with
regard to me. The Senator from Maine l'egrets
that I thought proper to offer this amendment; and i
also, with a smile, expresses his sorrow that my j
zeal is-not at all times tempered with discretion.
Now, let me state the simple facts of the case. I
went to the Senator from Maine before I had even
committed that amendment to paper, and told him
what I intended. After I had drawn up tlie amend-
ment, I offered to read it to him, if I did not read
it. Not one word of opposition did I hear from
him; but, on the contrary, unless my memory
fails, his reply was,il Very well"—" Go ahead.'
Mr. FAIRFIELD rose to explain. I admit
that the Senator frequently spoke to me on the
subject of his amendment, find that I had not
made any objection to it. But I never assented to
it; and the reason assigned by me for not voting
for it was, that I feared it would break down the
bill. And here let me say that my bill, as origin-
ally drawn, provided for a larger force than is
now provided, for; but that was before we had re-
ceived the communication from the Secretary of the
Wavy. After the receipt of that communication,
the bill was drawn in accordance with its recom-
mendations. I was myself in favor of providing
for a larger additional force than that provided for
by the bill; and when the Senator from Indiana—
whom I have always regarded as my friend, and
still so regard him, though he has taken umbrage
at a remark meant in perfect kindness—spoke to
me of his amendment, I did not directly express
any dissent from it.
Mr. FI ANN EG AN. That will do, sir. He
admits that he made no objection; and he even
goes so far as to imply an approval of the propo-
sition I submitted to him in liis capacity of chair-
man of the Naval Committee. His language was
meant in kindness, he says. What did it imply ?
It implies, simply, that I act without reflection—
that I press forward without consideration—that I
have no consultation with experience. That, sir,
can l)e implied only from the ardor of my manner,
which God gave me, and which I did not bestow
upon myself. I have on one or two occasions
been taken to task here for this ardor of manner.
Let me, once for all, say, look at the language—
look not at the manner. Who is there that can
say to me, You have planted a thorn, or thrust
with a dagger5 Is there malice m me? If my
manner bo warm, I ennnot help il. If it be a
cnmc and an offence to carry a warm heart—and
although I say it myself—an honest one, then am
I subject to the reproach which fell from the Sen-
ator from Maine.- But, sir, I, at least, am inca-
pable of smiling when I stab.
Mr. FAIRFIELD. Sir .
Mr. HANNEGAN. I don't give way.
Mr. FAIRFIELD. Very well, sir; I 
The PRESIDENT. The Senators will come
to order.
Mr. HANNEGAN. I look not at his manner,
but at his words. Let the Senate notice the steps
I have taken in this matter. I will never take a
step here but with the most profound deference to
the Senate as a body, and the most sincere respect
for every individual member of it. If my mea-
sures are without system, then I might be amena-
ble to censure. But, sir, 1 say they have system.
Before I moved m this matter—before I blackened
paper—I consulted several of the most experienced
and gallant officers m the navy, with whom 1 am
on terms of intimacy. I asked their opinion; I
o&ked if they considered that bill as providing ad-
equate naval defences. They said " No." I ask-
ed if my amendment made suitable provision and
with one accord they said " Yes;" that it provided
such a defence as would effectually ward off any
force that might be brought against us. On the
day after 1 introduced this amendment, I passed
the Secretary of the Navy in a crowd; I stopped
him, however, and alluded to my amendment.
He used the words, " You are right, go on." I
took all these precautions, before my « zeal with-
out discretion" impelled me to bring forward the
measure.
A word or two in reply to my distinguished an (J
my most valued friend, the Senator from Missouri
one whom I have followed through life as a po-
litical model. I regret that I differ with him to-
day, because there breathes not a man from whom
I differ with more Reference and more regret. The
Senator from Missouii opposes the entire proposi-
tion -hill and amendment, as a matter of course 
and gives as a reason that there are no signs of war
ahead—that all is peace, all is quiet; and such will
be the continued state of things. The Senator tells
us that he goes for that matured plan to which the
