/I--?'
CONGRESSIONAL
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 30, 1846.
New Series....Nu. 17.
Mr. RELFE, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to -which was referred the joint resolu-
tion in relation to mineral lands, reported an
amendatory resolution; ordered that the said reso-
lution be committed.
Mr. JOHN G. CHAPMAN, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported a bill
to provide a free bridge across the Eastern branch
of the river Potomac, in the city of Washington,
accompanied by a lcport in writing; which bill
was read twice, and committed.
Mr. PETT1T, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, made a report upon the memorial ol'Wil-
liam Lanphier and Joseph Harris, accompanied
by the following resolution; which was read, and
considered, and agreed to, viz:
Jicsolvetl, That the said William Lanphier and
Joseph Harris are not entitled to any relief.
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the same committee,
made an adverse report upon the petition of Harry
Richardson; which report was laid upon the table.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the same committee, to
which was lel'erred, the bill to regulate the times
of holding; the courts of the United States m the
northern and southern districts of New York, and
for other purposes, reported an amendatory bill;
ordered that tlfe said bill be committed.
Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON, from the Committee
' on Revolutionary Claims, reported against the
claim of Isaac Davis. Laid on the table.
Also, a bill for the relief of the, heirs of Lieuten-
ant Thomas Wishart. Read and committed.
Mr. ST. JOIXJN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a"ainst the claims of
Henrietta Barnes, one of the heirs of Lathrop Al-
len, and the heirs of Uustavus ll.^Horncr s Laid
on the table.
Mr. ('LARKE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported against the petition of
the heirs of Count tie Cirassc, and the heirs of
Christopher Miller. Laid on the table.
Mr. BAKER, from the Committee oti Military
Allan's, repurted a bill for the relief of John Stock-
ton, late a lieutenant in the army. Committed.
Mr. BLAC l£, of South Carolina, from the Com-
mittee on the Militia, reported a bill to provide
more effectually for the national defence, by Organ-
izing and classifying the militia of the United
States, and providing for calling tliQtn into the ser-
vice of the United States, and lor other purposes.
Rc&d and committed.
Mr. THOMAS B. KING, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Captain John Ericson. Committed.
Also, a joint resolution directing the Secretary
of the Navy and the Secretary of the Treasury to
appoint five scientific persons to examine the in-
vention of James Montgomery, called the " Safety
Guard, to prevent the explosion and burning of
steam-boilers, and to save fuel in their use;" and,
if it should be reported that it is expedient to use
the said invention in the naval and revenue service,
to pay said Montgomery such sum as it shall be
adjudged to be worth to the Government. Read
and committed.
Mr. MOGE, from the Committee on Claims,
reported against the petition of J olm Otis. Laid
on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Na-
val Alfuirs, reported a bill for the relief of the heirs
of Robert Pulton. Committed.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Naval
Afi'airs, reported a bill for the relief of Francis
Martin.
A bill renewing widows' naval pensions for an
additional period of five years.
Both bills were twice read, and committed.
Mr. STANTON, from the same committee, to
which was referred the petition of James F. Mil-
ler, reported a bill to repeal the fourth section of
the act making appropriations for the civil and di-
plomatic expenses of Government for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1846'. Read and" committed.
Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL, from the Committee
on Foreign Allairs, reported on the memorial of
certain citizens of the borough of Easton, in the
17
State of Pennsylvania, complaining of the conduct
of the commander of a British man-of-war towards
the colony of Liberia, on the coast of Africa, and
asking Congress to recognise the said colony and
government of Liberia as a sovereign and inde-
pendent government. The committee ask to be
discharged from the consideration of the subjcct—
1. Because the application for relief or protec-
tion docs not come from the colony of Liberia, but
certain citizens of this country.
2. Because it does not appear that the colony of
Liberia is in that state of national power and ca-
pacity, such as heretofore have been deemed suffi-
cient to authorize our Government in acknowledg-
ing any foreign country as independent.
3. Because the correspondence on the subject
between the American und Biitish Governments
proves that the colony of Liberia is now an ob-
ject of the good will of the Government of the
United Stat**, more available for their protection
than its acknowledgment of independence.
The report was ordered to lie on the table and to
be printed.
On motion of Mr. DODGE, it was
llesulvcdy That the Secretary of War be directed
to transmit to this House the report of Captain
Joshua Barney, the olhrer having charge of the
public works in the Territory of Iowa.
On motion of Mr. R. SMITH, the " bill to in-
corporate the Washington Mutual Fire Insurance
Company," wits withdrawn fr<!m the files of the
House, and rrf< ned to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
THE CHEROKEES.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, reported the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
fo report to tins Mouse a detailed statement of the
investment and disbursement of the several sums
of money set apart by the treaty made with the"
Ohcrokccs at New Echota, in the year 1835, and
the further sum of §1,047,067, appropriated in the
second section of the act approved June 12, 3838,
so as to exhibit the disposition which has been
made of the $5,000,000 provided for under the first
article of the said treaty ; how much of said fund
has been permanently invested, and in what stocks;
how much has been paid to individuals, and to
■whom paid, and on and by whose account, by vir-
tue of what articlc in the treaty, or under what law
has the same been done; and, also, to exhibit the
disposition of the $6,000,000 provided for in the
third Hrticlc of the supplementary treaty, and the
#1,047,767 provided lor in the act of 1838, above
referred to, and how much of said sums yet re-
main undisbursed, distinguishing in each case the
article in the treaty by virtue of which the dis-
bursements were made, and out of what funds the
claims arising under the 9th, 13th, and 16th arti-
cles have been satisfied, respectively.
The SPEAKER said the resolution, as it called
for information, must by the rule lie over one day.
Mr. THOMPSON thought that no objection
would be made to the present consideration of the
resolution.
Mr. GRAHAM desired the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] so to" modify the res-
olution ns to include an inquiry as to the disposi-
tion which was intended to be made of the balance
of the funds on hand.
Mr. THOMPSON said that was the very ques-
tion to which the committee was now directing its
consideration. The committee had before it these
Cherokee difficulties; it had also before it a memo-
rial from divers claimants, asking for a renewal of
the commission. They had also divers claims be-
fore them. The committee could not act intel-
ligibly on any of these matters until they knew
how much was expended, and how much remained
on hand. The object of this resolution was pre-
cisely to get such information as wqmld enable the
committee to act. He thought that every neces-
sary object would be accomplished by the adop-
tion of the resolution in its present form
Whereupon, no objection having been made, the
resolution was adopted.
THE PUBLIC DEFENCES.
The Committee on Military Affairs having been
called—
Mr. HARALSON, its chairman, rose and re-
ported the following bill :
A BUM,. to authorize the President of the United States,
under ceitam contingencies theiein named, to accept the
services of volunteers, and for other puiposes.
Be it cnaclcd by the Senate and House oj Representatives of
the United States oj America in Congress assembled, That
the President ot the Umtcd States be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to resist any attempt winch may be, made on the
pait of any foreign nation to exclusive jurisdiction over any
part of the tointoiy of the United States, or any territory m
depute between the United States and any ftucign Govern-
ment; as well as also to sustain the unfits of tlie United
States to, find to repel invasion upon, the said teintoryj and
for this purpose, to employ the naval and military forces of
the United States,and such portions of the nnhtia as he may
deem it advisable to call into service.
Sec. 2. Jindbeit further enacted, That the militia, when
called into the service of the United States by virtue of tins
act, or any other act, may, if in the opinion of the President
of the United States the public inter* ?t requires it, be com-
pelled to serve for a term not exceeding six months after
their arrival at the place ot rendezvous in any one year, un-
less soouei discharged.
Ser. 'A. Jlnd be it jurther enacted, That in the event of ac-
tual invasion of the territory of tlie United States by any
foreign power, or if, m the opinion of the President, there be
imminent dangci of such invasion, or of hostilities with any
fouiL'n power, he be, and is hereby authonzed, if he deems
the same expedient, to call lor and accept the services of
any number of voIumcm*-! not evceeding thousand,
who may oiler their services either as cavalry, artillery, in-
lantry, or nflenien, to serve six or twelve months aftei they
.shall have arrived at the place of rendezvous, unless sooner
discharged ; and the said \oluntcers shall furnish their own
clothes, and if cavalty, their own horses, and, when mus-
tered into seiviee, shall be armed and equipped at the ex-
pense or' the United Stales.
Sih". -J. Jlnd be if Jut they enacted, That -said volunteers shall
be liable to be called upon to do mihtaiy dutv only in cases
such as are mentioned in the fust and third sections of this
act; and when called into actual s>crvice, and wlulc lommu-
mg therein, shall be subject to the iuIcs and articles of war,
and hhal! be m all icspeets, except as to clothing and pay,
placed on the same looting with similar coi pa of the United
States army, and in lieu of clothing, every non-commission-
ed officer and private in any company who may thus offer
themselves, shall be entitled when called into actual service
to receive in money a sum equal to the cost of the clothing
of a non-commissioned officer or private (as the case may
be) in the regular troops of the United States. •
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said volunteers
so offering their services, shall be accepted by the President
in companies, battalions, squadrons, and regiments, whose
officers shall be appointed in the manner prescribed by law,
in the several States and Territories to which such compa-
nies, battalions, squadrons, and regiments shall respectively
belong.
Sec. 6. Jind he it further enacted, That the President of
the United State5? be, and he w hereby, authorized to or-
ganize companies so tendering their services into battalions
or Mjuadrons, battalions and squadrons into regiments, regi-
ments into brigades, and brigades into divisions, as soon as
the number of volunteers shall render such organization, in
his judgment, expedient; and shall, by and with the advice
of the Senate, appoint the generals of* brigade and division,
and the geueial istalT, a? now authorized by law: Provided,
however, That the major gcneiais and brigadier generals
shall have the appointment of their own aids-de camp; and
the President shall, if necessary, appomon the staff, field,
and general officers among the lespective States and Terri-
tones from which the voluntceis shall tender theii services,
as he may deem proper.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the volunteers
who may be received into the service of the United States
by virtue of the provisions of this act, shall be entitled to
all the benefit which may be conferred on persons wounded
in the servicc of the United States.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That, in the event of
either of the contingencies mentioned in the first and third
sections of this act, the President of the United States be,
and he is hereby, authorized forthwith to complete all the
public armed vessels now authorized by law, and to pur-
chase, or charter, aim, equip, and man such merchant ves-
sels and steamboats as upon examination may be found fit
or easdy converted into armed vessels fit for the public ser-
vice, and m such number as he may deem necessary for t£e
protection of our seaboard, lake coast, and the general de-
fence of the country.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the sum of 
millions of dollars out of any moneys in the treasury, or to
come into the treasury, not otherwise appropriated, be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated for the purpose of carrying
the provisions of this act into effect; and that the President
be authorized to use the same as soon as, in his opinion, the
same may become necessary.
Sec. 10. And be. it further enacted, That whenever the
militia or volunteers are called and received into the ser-
vice of the United States, under the provisions of this act,
they shall have the organization of the army of the United
States, and shall have the same pay and allowances, except .
