258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
as follow?, to wit: privates of infantry, artillery, and rifle-
men shall receive eight dollars per month; and privates of
volunteer mounted corps, twenty dollars per month for
their set vices and the use and risk of their horses.
Sec. 11. Jlvd he it further enacted, That the several pro-
visions of this act shall be in force for the term of two years
from the date of the passage thereof, and no longer.
The bill having been read twice by its title, was,
on motion of Mr. H., referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SEABORN JONES asked leave, at this
time, to introduce cei tain joint resolutions from the
Legislature of Georgia.
Objected to.
OREGON.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Tibbatts, of Kentucky,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
jomt resolution of notice.
Mr. DOUGLASS, (chairman of the Committee
on Territories,) who was entitled to the floor from
yesterday, addressed the committee.
Mr. Chairman: Had a foreigner been present
during the progress of our proceedings, and listen-
ed to the debate which has taken place in this
House upon the pending question, he would have
come to the conclusion that we were gravely dis-
cussing the propriety and policy of a declaration of
war with Great Britain. Gentlemen who have
spoken in opposition to giving the notice have al-
most invariably placed their opposition on the
ground that it was a hostile measure, and tanta-
mount to a declaration of war. Tliey have de-
nounced those of us who advocate the notice as the
war party, and then they have been eloquent in
their descriptions of the blessings of peace, and
they have drawn frightful pictures of the horrors of
war. Sir, I am unable to coincide in opinion with
these gentlemen, that the convention of 1818 was a
substitute for war, and that its annulment would
be the dissolution of the amicable relations sub-
sisting between the two countries. 1 do not un-
derstand such to be the object, or the effect, or the
history of that measure. If gentlemen will but re-
flect for a moment, they will find that the conven-
tion of 1818, which, renewed by the convention of
1827, we now propose to terminate, was entered
into more than three years after the close of the
last war, at a time when this country was at peace
with the whole world, and when there was not
even a cloud to darken our national horizon—when
there was neither wars, nor the fears, nor the pan-
ics of war. It was a mere peace measure—a regu-
lation for the government of certain interests be-
tween the citizens of the two countries, without
having any reference to war or relation at all to
war. The treaty itself shows that such was its
object; and it shows another fact, which is more
important in the discussion of this question, which
is, that the parties to the treaty or convention never
intended that it should be a permanent measure in
regard to that Country. First, the convention of
1818, by its own terms, was to terminate in ten
years from its date, and at the end of that period
of course the two parties would stand in precisely
the same relation to each other in respect to their
rights as they did before it was formed. Then,
suppose the treaty of 1818 had been suffered to ex-
pire by its own termination in 1828,1 ask gentle-
men whether the two countries would then have
been at war with each other? Or would they not,
in other words, have been in a state of pcace, with
their rights situated precisely as they wore before
that convention was formed, and as they would
have been if that, convention had never been en-
tered into? But, sir, unfortunately, in my opinion,
(and I say this in no terms of reproach)—unfortu-
nately by the treaty of 1827, that convention was
continued m force indefinitely, with the right to
either party to terminate it whenever either should
think it for their interest to annul it. And, sir, that
clause for its termination was put into that conven-
tion for the very reason that the two Powers saw
at the time that the convention was intended for
the regulation of a country and of interests which
would undergo rapid changes, and that that coun-
try and those interests would require such changes
for their government's the condition of that coun-
try and of those interests themselves underwent.
They foresaw these changes which were to take
place, and they therefore made provision for the
termination of this treaty whenever, in the judg-
ment of either party, it should fail to be beneficial'
to either country.
We now propose, on the part of the United
States, to give notice for the termination of that
treaty of 1827, which continued in force the con-
vention of 1818; and we are met by the declaration
that this notice is a hostile movement—that it is a
war measure—that it is equivalent to a declaration
of war by this country against Great Britam; and
hence we are called upon to pause and reflect be-
fore we make this movement, which majr bring the
thunders of the British fleet and of the British army
to our shores; and appeals are made to our fears
in order to deter us from adopting this measure.
Sir, I know not whether the giving this notice and
the annulment of the treaty may lead to war or
not; I know not whether war will be the result.
But, sir, there is one thing which I do know—and
a thing which is far more important in the decision
of this question than the other—and that one
thing is this: that the giving of this notice will afford
no just cause of war. It is immaterial with refer-
ence to influencing our decision of this question,
whether war is to be the consequence or not; but
it is important for us to iuquiie whether the act
we are about to perform will give good ground of
offence—just cause of war. If it will, we ought
to pause and consiiler well before we proceed. But
if it give no just cause of war, it is no argument
that Great Britain will choose to make, it a cause of
war.
'{'hen let me inquire of gentlemen, what treaty
stipulation does this notice violate? What princi-
ple of the two nations does it infringe? What es-
tablished right does it invade? I apprehend no
gentleman will attempt to point out the right, the
treaty, or the law, to be violated by it. What
cause of offence, then, 1 ask, does it afford? None
at all. The givnnf this notice is an exercise of the
right secured by the treaty itself. It is the. execu-
tion of the very treaty. And will it be said that
the earryitiir that treaty into effect, in the mode
]iiescribed by its own terms, will bo a cause of
war? No, sir; no gentleman will pretend, in this
argument, that the giving this notice is a cause of
war. But." say they, '' il will lead to war"—
yes, "lead to war—and therefore the notice ought
not to be given."
Having, as I think, shown by a reference to the
treaty that we have the right to give the notice as
a peaceful remedy, I now propose to inquire, for a
moment, what will be the, effect of that notice, not
only upon the rights of the paities, but upon the
relative position of the parties to each other.
Sir, when the notice shall have been given, and
when the convention shall have been terminated,
the United States and Great Britain will occupy
the same relative position to each other that they
occupied before the convention of 1818 was entered
into. What was that position ? A position, sir, of
profound pcace. It was not a state of war, but a po-
sition of profound peace towards each other. But
what will be the rights of the United States then?
The rights then will be these: Th& United States
will be entitled to the actual exclusive possession of
the valley of list Columbia river, and will be enti-
tled to continue in possession oi' that valley while
treating of the question of title. I wish gentlemen
to understand me ill this position. The. effect of
giving this notice will be to glre to the United Slates
the undeniable right to the exclusive, possession of the
valley of the Columbia river, and the right to hold
that i>ossasb.n vJiilc treating of the title. Sir, that
right was secured by the treaty of Ghent. If
gentlemen will reflect a moment on the history of
this question, they will find that, at the breaking
out of the late war, the valley of the Columbia
river was in the possession of citizens of the United
States; that, during that war, it was captured by
Great Britain; and that by the treaty of peace it
was provided that all countries captured by Great
Britain should be restored to us. I hold, in my
hand the first article of the treaty of Ghent. In it,
it was agreed that " all territory, places, and pos-
sessions, whatsoever, taken by cither party from the
other during the war, or which may be taken after
the signing the treaty, excepting only the islands here-
inafter mentioned, fin the Bay of Fundy,] shall be
restored without delay."
The treaty of peace then provided for the resto-
ration of all places, possessions, or territories cap-
tured by either party. Sir, as quick as that treaty
was ratified and published to the world, the Ameri-
can Government demanded of G reat Britain the res-
toration of the valley of the Columbia river ro pur-
suance of the treaty. Whatdid Great Britain ao ?
She objected; she set up a; claim to that country;
she said it was a part of the British empire.1 But,
sir, you find by examining the negotiation at that
time, that notwithstanding all her objections, when
Mr. Rush replied to them, that by the treaty, w .
were entitled to the full possession, or repossession,
(in his own language,) she admitted that right, and
she acknowledged that the United States toiler the
treaty of Ghent were entitled to the actual, the full
repossession of the valley of the Columbia, and.
that we had the right to remain in possession while
n egntiating of the title. Yes; Great Britain not only
made that acknowledgment, but she sent her fleet
armed into the Pacific ocean, she took on board the
United States agent, and there actually surrendered
up the country to the United States, io conformity
with the treaty. Sir, X propose now to read that
surrender, that the House may understand what
are our rights under the treaty of Ghent, by the ac-
knowledgment of the British Government herself:
[Note.—The reporter regrets that he has not
been furnished with the extracts in this speech. He
is therefore obliged to omit a portion of them.]
This, Mr. Chairman, it will be seen, is the ac-
knowledgment— the certificate of surrender by the
British Governmentof the settlement of Fort George
on the Columbia river in pursuance of the treaty of
Ghent. That surrender refers to the first article of
the treaty of Ghent as the clause of the treaty un-
der which that surrender was" made. The first
clause of the treaty of Ghent provides for the full
restoration, without delay, of any country captured
during the war. Then, Great Britain, in pursue
anoe of that treaty, did surrender the settlement
of Fort George in the Columbia valley. Thatset-
tlement was not merely a fort; not merely a fort
was surrendered, but the settlement comprising
Astoria and several other posts, and that settle-
ment commanding the whole valley of the Columbia
river. It was, then, the valley of the Columbia that
was surrendered by the British Government, which
Government then acknowledged the right of the
American Government "to be reinstated, and to
be the party in possession while treating on the
question of title1.
That was the relative .position 6t the. two- parties
prior to entering into die treaty of joint occupa-
tion—the United States in possession, Great Brit-
ain setting up a claim, but acknowledging our right
to the possession while adjudicating the claims of
the respective parties. That would have been our
right had it not been for that treaty. That treaty
suspends that, right; but it provides that nothing
in it shall be construed to impair or affect the rights
of either party. Hence, if you terminate the
treaty, if you annul the treaty, the right of the
United States to exclusiye possession under the
treaty of Ghent is revived, arid Great Britain can-
not—dare not—resist the restitution of lhat valley.
It is no cause of war—no war movement. It is
carrying into effect our treaty stipulations; and
the effect of giving this notice will be to suspend
the joint occupancy, to restore possession to us;
and when in possession, we will be ready to treat
upon the title, and not till then. Is it, then, a mat-
ter of no consequence which party is in possession
while treating upon the title > Carry on the nego-
tiation now, leave the treaty of joint occupation
in force, and Great Britain is the party in posses-
sion; but give this notice,.terminate the treatf, and
the United States will be the party in possession.-
Thcn, can you say that there is no object in giv-
ing this notice ? The object is simply as to who
shall have the peaceable right to the unmolested
possession while negotiating on the title; and if
negotiations should commence and should be termi-
nated because no ground can be found on which
the parties can agree, is it a matter of no conse-
quence whether we are in possession, peaceable
possession, possession by actual surrender, or
whether Great Britain shall be in possession, and
we have to turn her out? But gentlemen may-
say that Great Britain will never acknowledge this
exclusive right of the United States to the posses-
sion of the valley of the Columbia before, the
question is settled. In reply to this, I say that
Great Britain has acknowledged thai right; and
that she has not only acknowledged it in words,
but by a solemn act, that must stand prominent in
the history of that Government; so long as that
history shall exist, she has estopped herself from _
denying our right to the possession. She has once
