1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
acknowledged it, and has once restored posses-
sion under that acknowledgment. Can she refuse
again to make a similar restoration, when the par-
ties, in respect of their rights, are similarly situ-
ated? If she does refuse to make that restoration
when the notice shall have been given, and shall
have expired, she will have to violate her solemn
treaty stipulations; she will become the aggressor;
she will-be violating her plighted faith in the eyes
of the civilized world; and she dare not take the
responsibility of such an act of perfidy and bad
faith, after she herself has once acknowledged her
obligations by performing the same act of sur-
render.
Hence I insist that the notice is the rightful rem-
edy, that it is the peaceable remedy, that it is the
only peaceable remedy by which we can get pos-
session of the valley of the Columbia. It is the
only one; and any man who refuses to go for this
peaceful remedy, must either avow himself against
the possession of the valley of the Columbia, or he
must avow himself in favor of war as a substitute
for this peaceful remedy.
Gentlemen who oppose giving the notice say that
they are for getting possession." But how getting
possession ? Why they are for continuing the
treaty of joint occupation in force, and then for
stealing possession in violation of that treaty of
joint occupation. Yes; tliey are for adopting the
high, the chivalrous course of stealing into that
country under a treaty of joint occupation, and
then seizins: it in violation of the treaty itself. Will
that not lead to war? Is that the peaceful remedy ?
Will not that wound the pride of tlie British Gov-
ernment? Sir, I aver that the attempt to carry that
policy out leads inevitably to war; and not only to
war, but it puts us on the wrong side. It convicts
our Government of an act of duplicity and perfidy.
It arrays the whole civilized world against tis,
and renders its subject to the charge that we are
faithless mid dishonorable. Hut if'we rely on the
treaty stipulations of the country—if u-e stand high
oil our undeniable righto, and give the notice ac-
cording to the treaty, ami demand possession un-
der the treaty of Ghent, and insist upon it—if we '
require the surrender, (is we have done once before ,
—then, sir, we gel peaceful possession of that j
country; and when in peaceful possession, we can j
then stand on high ground and say to Great Britain, '
"Certainly we deprecate war; we are ready to ne-
gotiate, and are willing you should take your own
time to bring that negotiation to a determination.
You may do it with all the care, with all the delib-
eration you may desire; and you can take yout-
own time to terminate it." But, in the mean time,
we tiro in possession, with the acknowledged right
of possession, until we arrive at an amicable ad-
justment.
Such I conceive to be our rights under the con-
vention between us and Great Britain, and such
the reason which should impel us to pursue those
rights strietjy, and not bo guilty of any violation
of right which would put jus in the wrong. Sir,
when we shall have recovered the possession of
the valley of tJie Columbia tinder this peaceful
remedy, and our people shall ho there in the un-
molested enjoyment of their rights, tlieir settlements
spreading both on the north as well as the south side
of that river, and upon all its different branches
ami ti ibutarieS'—(while these negotiations for the
settlement of the title are proceeding, we lind that
our interests are not only becoming: more important,
but that our power is becoming swelled and tripled,
and that, too, by a fair, straightforward, honora-
ble course of proceeding^—Great Britain will dis-
cover then that it is impossible to turn us out of
that valley, even if she should try. She will see
then that this people are strong enough to maintain
their rights; and she will that moment relinquish
all claim to the valley of the Columbia.
But. I choose to be frank and candid in the dec-
laration of my sentiments on this question. For
one, I never will be satisfied with the valley of the
Columbia, nor with 49°, nor with 54° 40'; nor will
I be, while Great Britain shall hold possession of
one acre on the northwest coast of America. And,
sir, I will never agree to any arrangement that shall
recognise her right to one inch of soil upon the
northwest coast; and for this simple reason: Great
Britain never did own, she never did have a valid
title to one inch of that country. The question
was only one of dispute between Russia, Spain,
and the United States. England never had a title
o any part of the country. Our Government has
always held that England had no title to it. In
1826, Mr. Clay, in his despatches to Mr. Gallatin,
said: "It is not conceived that the British Gov-
' ernment can make out even a colorable title to
'any part of the northwest coast." Not that she
could not make out a title; not that she could not
make out an incontrovertible title; but that she
could not make out a colorable title—not a shadow
of a title—not so much of a shadow as would give
coloring to the transaction. That was the doctrine
of our Government twenty years ago. That title
has undergone no changes since, for the joint oc-
cupation has been in force; and the treaty of joint
occupation provided that the rights of neither pat ty
should be affected or impaired thereby. Our Gov-
ernment has held ever since that our title is clear
and unquestionable.
1 do not propose to go into the history of that
title. I do not deem it necessary to go into an
elaborate discussion of the various modes by which
title to an unoccupied country may be^acqttired;
nor do I deem it necessary to trace the devious
course of diplomacy and discovery upon that coast
for the last three centuries. I am willing to leave
the question of title upon the discussions that have
taken place between the accredited agents of the
two Governments, and invite the enlightened judg-
ment of the civilized world upon that title as shown
by the two Government* themselves. I will only
say that we do hold the valley of the Columbia in
our own right by virtue, of discovery, exploration,
and occupation, and that we have a treaty-right in
addition through the Louisiana and Florida treaty.
In olden times, the English colonies on the Atlan-
tic coast extended, by virtue of their charters, to
the Pacific ocean; but by tile treaty of the
Mississippi was lived as ihe inevocalile boundary
between the Fieneh and English possessions m
North America, and England relinquished her
claims upon this continent west of that river to
France; France transferred them to Spain; and,
by the treaties of I.ouisiaun and Florida, the Span-
ish title, the Fiench claim, and the British pre-
tensions, were all united and vested in the United
States, and added to our title to the valley of the
Columbia by discovery. Sir, that Spanish title,
extinguishing the English and French title, nas
valid 1 rom Cnlilorma to the Itussian possessions.
It is true that it lemnined a question of dispute
between liussiu and the United States as to where
the northern boundary was, but it is indisputable
that the Spanish title, by discovery, extended as
far north as Mount St. Elms, in latitude 61°; and
it is indisputable that our title now is valid to that
mountain, unless we have surrendered it by sub-
sequent treaty stipulations. The joint occupancy,
it is acknowledged, did not surrender it. Tlie
only treaty, then, which it is pretended can sur-
render it at all, is the treaty with Russia in 1824.
I will not go into the discussion of this question,
but I will invite the attention of gentlemen to the
fact, which they will find, by examination, that
the. treaty with Russia fixing the boundary at 54°
40' is not a treaty of boundary, not a tieaty for
the settlement, of territorial limits, but a treaty of
navigation and trade witW the Indians, precisely
the same as the Nootka Sound treaty—almost
word for word, and letter for letter, the Nootka
Sound treaty repeated; and any man who believes
the Nootka Sound treaty not binding, is impelled
to the conclusion that we have a right to give this
notice, and to terminate the treaty with Russia,
fixing the boundary of 54° 40' any day we please.
I do not now intend to raise that question, but I
would do no act which will compromise oui rights
in future for the purpose, if it bccomes necessary
to assert that claim, to keep Great Britain off the
northwest coast; then, I say, I will raise it, and I
can demonstrate our rights beyond that line, and
far enough to exclude Great Britain from that
const.
Sir, the value of the Oregon territory is not to be
measured by the number of miles upon the coast,
whether it shall terminate at 49°, or at 54° 40', or
reach to 61° and the arctic ocean. It does not de-
pend on the character of the country nor the qual-
ity of the soil. It is true, that consideration is not
unworthy of attention; but the great pointat issue,
the great struggle between us and Great Britain, is
for the freedom of the Pacific ocean, for the trade
of China and of Japan, of the East Indies, and for
the maritime ascendency on all these waters. That
is tlie great point at issue between the two coun-
tries; and the settlement of this Oregon question
involves all these interests. And m order to main-
tain these interests, and secure all the benefits re-
sulting from them, we must not only go to 52° 40',
but we have got to exclude Great Britain from the
coast in toto. "...
Our Spanish, title is valid enough, it is broad
enough, and long enough, to cover the whole coun-
try and accomplish that object. Sir, I do not pur-
pose to argue the Spanish title. There is another
principle which has been advanced by this Govern-
ment as the settled policy of this country, which is
sufficient for my purpose to.settle this whole ques-
tion. I allude to the memorable declaration of Mr.
Monroe, that " the American continents are hence-
4 forth not to be considered as subjects for future
' colonization by any European Power," and to the
repetition of that declaration by Mr. Polk, to which
I wish particularly to call the attention of gentle-
men—" that it should be distinctly announced to
' the world as our settled policy, that no fliture
' European colony or dominion shall, with our
' consent, be planted or established on any part of
'the North American continent." Sir, when I
saw that declaration m the Piesident's message, I
was willing to forgive him from the bottom of my
heart for the offer of the 4!)th parallel in August
last—when I saw that he withdrew that proposi-
tion, after it had been rudely rejected by England,
that lie asserted our title to the whole country, that
he recommended the notice, the extension of our
laws, the establishment of forts, the raising of
mounted men, the establishment of mail lines, and,
what was better than all, that he laid down the
great American principle, that it " should be dis-
' tinctly announced to the world as our settled pol-
' icy, that no future European colony or dominion
' shall, with our consent, be planted or established
' on any part of the "North American continent."
To what did the Picsident refer m this declara-
tion? Why, he says he refers to the "North
American continent." What part of it? Cer-
tainly not to Mexico or California, for they are
not European colonics. Certainly not to Canada,
Nova Scotia, or New Brunswick, for they are
old colonics long since established; and the Pre-
sident says that " the existing rights of every
European nation should be rcspccted." Certain-
ly not to the Hudson ilay Company ; if he did,
it would then extend the principle a little further,
or to the Hudson bay, as well as to Oregon. To
what did he refer ? Why, evidently to that part
of the North American continent which now
remains vacant and unoccupied ; for he says
" that no future European colony " shall be plant-
ed, with our consent, on any part of the North
American continent. If lie had referred to the
old colonies, he would not have spoken of "future"
ones; if he had referred to those long since planted,
he would not have spoken of colonies hereafter to
be planted. He, then, referred to the vacant and
unoccupied part of North Amcrica; and the west
of the Rocky mountains is that vacant and unoc-
cupied part in reference" to which he says " no fu-
' ture European colony or dominion shall, with
' our consent, be planted or established " there, or
on our northwest coast. And here let me remark
that there is no chance for equivocation, for eva-
ding the position, because England has now no
colony on the northwest coast. She says she has
no colony there. If you look into the act of Par-
liament extending her laws there, you will see she
uses very emphatic language. She says it is an
Indian country.
[Mr. D. read the extract from the act of Parlia-
ment referred to.]
Yes; she then spoke, when she extended her laws
over Oregon, of it as being an Indian territory not
within the Canadas, not within the Hudson Bay
Company's jurisdiction, and not within any of the
British colonies in North America; and this is the
very section of country to which Mr. Polk refers
when he says that " no future European colony or
' dominion shall, with our consent, be planted or
' established on any part of the North Ameriear
' continent." Now, suppose you formed a treaty
on the line of 49°, and establish that as the boun
dary; is that not giving " our consent" to the es-
tablishment of a British colony on our continent?
Suppose you agree to 54° 40', do you not thereby
give " our consent" to the establishment of a "fu-
ture European colony" north of that line, and yet
upon the North American continent? Clearly,sir.
Any treaty of boundary on the northern part o.
Oregon would be an act, a solemn act of " consent"
