262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28 r
sin would soon be admitted into the Union as
States; that if the system should not be modified,
as proposed, it would be necessary, during the
present session, to form a new circuit, composed
of the States of Louisiana and Texas; and prob-
ably, at the next session, another circuit, in con-
sequence of the admission of Iowa and Wisconsin.
Thus the Supreme Court, already too numerous,
will be increased by the appointment of two ad-
ditional judges, making eleven in all. It appears
to be the general impression (said Mr. J.) that if
the Supreme Court shall be relieved from the per-
formance of circuit duties, the number of judges
of the court should be reduced to seven. The
vacancy now existing in the court, therefore,
should not be filled, in his opinion, until the ques-
tion of modifying the system, as proposed, shall
have been acted on by Congress.
He called the attention of the Committee 011 the
Judiciary particularly to the question, and urged
the importance of prompt action upon the .subject.
On motion of Mr. J., the statement of the clerk
of the Supreme Court, to which he had alluded,
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the petitions of citizens of
St. Clair county, Michigan, asking that a law may
be passed by Congress to prevent American steam-
ers from purchasing fuel for their use in Canada,
and thus avoiding the payment of duty thereon,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion; which, by the unanimous vote of the Senate,
was granted.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee oa Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Lydia
R.ush, made an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BARROW presented the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee 011 the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post-route from the
town of Plaquemine, parish of Iberville, in the
State of Louisiana, to some central point in the set-
tlement on Bayou Gross Tete.
Mr. BREESE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
. Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform the Senate whether any, ami if
any, what amount, of the net proceeds of the sales
of the public lands, situate in the State of Illinois,
but sold in the Vmcemies district, north and south
of the base line, and west of the second principal
meridian, to which that State is entitled, has been
paid over to the State of Indiana, or what disposi-
tion has been made of the same.
Mr. DIX gave notice of his intention, by leave
of the Senate, to introduce a bill f8r the relief of
Sally Lockwood. _
Mr. SIMMONS, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave, and introduced a bill authorizing
the payment of a sum of money to Robert Perkins;
which was read a first and second time, and refer-
red to the Committee of Claims.
Several messages, in writing, were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. Walk-
er, his private secretary.
Mr. ATHERTON moved that the previous or-
ders of the day be postponed, and that the Senate
take up for consideration the " bill providing foi
the settlement of the claims of the State of New
Hampshire against the United States;" which mo-
tion was agreed to.
The bill was then considered as in committee 01
the whole, and no amendments being offered, it
was reported back to the Senate without amend-
TYipnt' -when
Mr CRITTENDEN said that, as to the amount
in the'bill, it was a matter of small moment, but
the principle involved was of infinite
and worthy of consideration. If he understood
the object of the measure, it was to reimburse New
Hampshire for the ordinary expenses which might
be incurred by any State occasionally for mam-
tamine- its own jurisdiction and enforcing its own
laws It seemed, as far as be could learn from the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Atherton,]
that, on a little point of territory adjoining the
Canadian border, a parcel of lawless men had col-
lected together for a refuge or asylum, claiming to
belong to one jurisdiction or the other, as legal
process was pressed on them; that they were citi-
zens of New Hampshire, and had endeavored to
secure themselves against the process of their own
State. There may have been on the Canadian
line persons similarly situated, taking refuge on
the same spot of ground, claiming alternately, as
the exigency occurred, to belong to 011c or the
other countiy. If lie understood the Senator from
Vermont [Air. I'iieli-s] the other day, it appear-
ed that from the reports made in the Legislature
of'New Hampshire, fromolficial communications,
the subject rose to the dignity of a question of
invasion by a foreign Power! If this Government
was responsible for a posse aiding an officer in
enforcing process, it was a new principle, leading
directly to the public treasury to defray the ex-
penses" of a State, and all bands to be thrust into
it to pay the county expenses. Ho lived in one
of the most law-abiding and patriotic States, ill
which there were occasional excitements and agi-
tations, and, ^ ithin a year past, more than almn-
dred men, or two hundred, had been called out to
aid in the execution of the laws. But he hoped
and trusted in Hod that fventiu-ky would never
be found here, asking theCroA eminent to maintain
her jurisdiction. She was competent enough to
do it herself, and too proud to ask for assistance;
and she would never call 011 Congress to pay ex-
penses for that purpo&e. There were some little
circumstances mixed up with this little insurrec-
tion at home, to give color of ground to the plaus-
ibility that it was a foreign invasion. But the
gieat State of New Hampshire did not require this
sort of thing, lie hoped the bill would not pass;
it was somewhat of an old acquaintance, ana had
been here, oil' and on, for many years. It may
have heretofore escaped particular notice, and
passed; but he thought never, at any time, when
proper attention was called to the .subject, had it
met the san-'tion of the Senate, and never could,
unless, by that perseverance which overcomes all
sorts of resistance, it shall wear itself, by the force
of attrition, tlirouuli this House.
Mr. ATHERTON supposed that this claim,
though small in amount, for that reason was none
the less deserving of the serious consideration of
the Senate; nor was he awaie that it was less de-
serving of consideration bceause it was a claim pre-
sented from the State of New Hampshire. If he
understood the Senator from Kentucky, he | Mr.
CniTTKS'nEN] grounded his remarks on the infor-
mation which he drew from the observations of the
Seuatorfronv Vermont,[Mr. PnEi.rs.] ThatScna-
tor placed his objections to the bill 011 one ground
alone, so far as he (Mr. A.) was aware, liis ob-
jection was, that this was a claim of New Hamp-
shire for sustaining the jurisdiction of the State
within a territory where her juiisdiction was not
disputed. Now, if the ground taken by the Sena-
tor failed, the objection to this bill failed. To
show conclusively to the Senate that the Senator
from Vermont was mistaken in his views, he (Mr.
A.) had applied to the State Department, and ob-
tained sopics of a correspondence which took place
between itand the Canadian authorities, from which
it appeared that two dtilicnlties grew out of the at-
tempt on the part of the Canadian authorities t.o
exercise jurisdiction over territory which had never
been disputed, until the King of the Netherlands
had awarded it to Great Britain. From the time
of its settlement. New Hampshire had always ex-
ercised her jurisdiction. It appeared that the officer
not only undertook to serve the warrant from the
Canadian magistrate, but undertook to arrest the
persons who had served the process of the State of
Now Hampshiie. A warrant was issued by Mr.
R'ae,-a magistrate of Canada, for the apprehension
of three persons—two of them citizens of the Uni-
ted States, the other an inhabitant of Graven, or
Indian stream territory. Blancbard was arrested
on this warrant, issuing from the Canadian magis-
trate, and rescued by the inhabitants. How, then,
could it be said the difficulty did not grow out of
the attempt to exercise jurisdiction by theCanadian
authorities? There was no " pretended" warrant,
as intimated by the Senator from Vermont, so far
as the facts were concerned. Commissioners were
appointed by the Governor of Canada to inquire
into the circumstances, and they reported that the
difficulty grew out of the fact that a warrant was
issued by a Canadian magistrate for the arrest of
Blanchard; and Lord Gosford, and others, tsaid
that it grew out of the attempts of New Hamp-
shire, notwithstanding repeated remonstrances of
the British Government, to enforce its laws and
sovereignty over territory never yielded by Great,
Britain^ its "original possessor." Mr. A, read
from documents m proof of this; and -after other
remarks, asked whether it could, be denied that the
difficulty arose from the assertion ot the right of
the Canadian authorities to exercise jurisdiction
over the territory. He proceeded to show that the!
ground taken by the Senator from Vermont, was
unsupported by the facts of the case. Here was
a conflict of jurisdiction—not a " pretended war-
rant;" it was recognised as a real warrant, issued
by the Canadian magistrate, and had been so pro-
nounced by the British minister, and by the Gov-
ernor-General of Canada. In conclusion, he ask-
ed for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PHELPS was not disposed to go into the
discussion of the subject again. A few days since
he made some remarks, putting his objection to
the bill on the ground that it was simply to defray
the expense incurred by New Hampshire in en-
forcing its authority or jurisdiction over the terri-
tory. He had nothing to add to what he then
said, except to call the attention of the Senate to
the fact that, pending the controversy, an applica-
tion was made to the General Government, desiring
its interference in the matter. He had before lnm
the response of the Secretary of State, dated the
2d of January, 1836, in which that gentleman
said: " I have to add, in answer to the suggestion
' contained in your communication, that no neces-
' sity is believed to exist at present for the inter-
' ference of the General Government in the manner
' proposed." Now, in this aspect of the subject,
the question arose, whether the General Govern-
ment would assume the expense of the military
expedition, when an application had been made to>
the General Government, in the first instance, and
declined. It seemed to him, after this most de-
cisive answer given by the Secretary of State, after
the General Government had declined to interfere
in ihe matter, New Hampshire had no claim.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he found, by the
statement of the Senator from New Hampshire,
that the dispute about the territory was accompa-
nied by nothing of a hostile or military character,
but a civil strife by officers of the law. ■ Why call
out the military ? To resist the invasion of an of-
ficer, with the warrant in his hand as a proclama-
tion, and we to pay the fee-bill? That was the
amount of it. If we were to pay this claim, he
did not know where the matter was to end. His
friends from Rhode Island, New Jersey, &c,, had
had internal troubles, and about jurisdiction. We
had been told, too, of naval engagements, in which
a whole flotilla had been captured by the enemy*
and this was far more important than the border
war of New Hampshire. He hoped we would not
undcrtake.to pay the claim. If a bill was brought
in for every time Kentuckians were called out to
resist invasion—not by a constabulary force, but
by Indians, with tomahawks and guns.—it would
amount to a pretty good sum. He would make it
a point of honor and right, and stand on the ninth
part of a hair—he would not vote a cent, not a
stiver. Missouri had had her Mormon war; but
had she asked the Government to defray her ex-
penses? The invasion was carried 011 in New
Hampshire by constables and refugees, who claim-
ed an asylum under one government or the other,
as suited their purposes-. When the military were
called out, in the face of the refusal of the Gen-
eral Government to interfere, there was no neces-
sity for it. In this case, not a human being was
called to arms on the side of the invaders. It was
an invasion by a warrant and a constable! No
matter what the Governor General said, we could
not be made to pay. He was glad the yeas and
nays had been called, and expressed the hope that
there would be a final decision on this matter.
Mr. WESTCOTT said that, from all the infor-
mation he could gather, he was satisfied this claim
was just, and should be paid by the Federal Gov-
ernment. He did not agree with the honorable
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] as to
the facts upon which the claim was founded, or
the principles which should govern as to its settle-
ment here. He.would not go into detail; but it
was manifest to him that these expenses were ne-
cessarily incurred in resisting an attempt of the
British Canadian authorities over a portion of
country indisputably within the limits' of that
State. It was not, as the honorable Senator from
Kentucky seemed to suppose, a dispute of a local
and domestic character merely—an ordinary tres-
