1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
And thus, we of these United States, while we
axe responsible for our acts as a nation to no hu-
man power, most yet defer'to the public opinion of
mankind. If we would retain our station and in-
fluence among the nations of the earth, not only
must our public acts be justifiable, but, before we
consummate, we must take the trouble to justify
them.
My motive in rising now is to furnish such small
contribution ns I may to the mass of evidence and
argument so ably supplied from our Department of
State, in vindication to the world of the course
pursued by our Government on the great question
of the day. '
Accusations of a grave character are brought, in
respectable quarters, impugning the justice of the
measures recommended by the Presidcnt and now
under consideration by the House, in regard to the
territory of Oregon. I do not spealc of chargcs
coming from foreign and interested sources; but of
language used by the press here at home, and by
members on this very floor. We of the majority
may feel exceedingly well satisfied that our course
is just, and these charges unfounded; but it is not
the less an imperative duty to defend the one and
repel the other.
I select, us a specimen of the ground assumed by
a portion of the press, a paragraph from a New
'York paper of good standing. Speaking of our
title to Oregon, the Journal of Commerce, in an
editorial of December 25,says;
" The evidence, even us far south ns Columbia
* river, is not all on one side, by a great, deal. And
' when we come to latitude 49, the English claim
' is better than our own."
If this be true, then the President lost sight of
right and justice, when he adhered to the offer of
49 as an ultimatum; and Mr. Pakenham was jus-
tified in expecting from our Government some
" further propositi more consistent witli fairness
and equity."
And, when some London journalist triumphantly
quotes against us such a paragraph as that, drawn
from the pages of one among (lie leading periodi-
cals of the Union, he will find, in farther aid of nn
argument about the reckless and ^ rasping ambition
of these Slates, certain resolutions touching war
and Oregon, offered at your table, not by some
poling, nisi], hot-hended partisan, but by a meni-
icr from Massachusetts, fMr. Wiktiiuop,] both
able, and experienced, %„gentlenum whoso talent
and standing no one disputes. The second of these
resolutions declares;
"That it would be a dishonor to the age in which
' we live and in the highest degree discreditable to
' both the nations concerned, if they should suffer
' themselves to be drawn into a war upon a qucs-
• tion of no immediate or practical interest, to either
' of them."
An eminent British statesman once said, that" ns
we ought never to go to war for a profitable wrong,
so neither ought we to go to war for an unprofita-
ble right," There is much good sense in the
maxim; and the gentleman from Massachusetts
doubtless considers it strictly applicable in the
present case.
The direct inference from his resolution is, in the
first place, that the right in dispute, if indeed it be
a right at all, is an unprofitable right; that it is of
no practical importance whether we cede to Eng.
land a part, or even the whole, of the territory ly-
ing south of 49 and north of the Columbia. He
esteems it our imperative duty, rather than resort
to war, to make some compromising division of the
disputed tract.
■J will ask the gentleman to take the map in hand,
and answer me a question or two. It avails nothing
to talk vaguely of some compromise. Let him tell
me what compromise, beyond that already offered,
he suggests. If he recede but half a degree south
of 49, he touches already the Straits of Fuca, the
entrance, and the only entrance, to Puget sound.
If he abandons to England but one degree out of
the three which span this debatable land, the line
cuts us wholly oft from these straits, from Admi-
ralty inlet, and consequently from Puget sound;
we might as well take the line of 47 at once, and
surrender that sound altogether, as to cede its sole
entrance and exit.
Is this, then, the gentleman's proposition?—that
England should have the harbors of Puget? and
that it is of no practical importance whether she
lias them or not?
Let Captain Wilkes, speaking in his recently-
i
Eublished narrative , say a word to us touching the
arbors of that territory. He tells us:
"The coast of Oregon, to the south of Cape
' Flattery, (the southern cape on the Straits of
' Fuca,) is rocky, much broken, and a fiords no
' harbors, except for very small vessels."—Vol. IV.,
page 296.
And again:
" No ports exist along any part of the coast of
' Oregon south of the Columbia river, that are ac-
' cessible to any class of vessels, even those of but
' very small draught of water."—Vol. V., p. 149.
As to the mouth of the Columbia itself, which,
for so many years, repelled discovery, he tells us:
" Mere description can give little idea of the ter-
' rors of the bar of the Columbia; all who have
' seen it have spoken of the wildness of the scene,
' the incessant roar of the waters, representing it
' as one of the most fearful sights that can meet
' the eye of a sailor."—Vol. IV., p. 293.
Experience and accurate surveys will doubtless
diminish these dangers; but yet it must remain a
matter of doubt whether the mouth of the Colum-
bia can ever be used, throughout the various sea-
sons of the year, as a general port of entrance for
vessels of every draught.
On the other hand, all navigators, from Vancou-
ver to Wilkes, concur in testitying to the safety of
the entrance to Puget sound, and to the value of its
harbors; as capable of receiving, and sheltering in
perfect security, the largest fleet of line of battle
ships the world ever saw brought together. Cap-
tain Wilkes says:
" Nothing can exceed the beauty of these wa-
1 ters nor their safety: not a shoal exists withm the
' Straits of Juan de Fuca, Admiuilty inlet, Puget
'sound, or flood's canal, that eon, in any wtty,
1 interrupt the navigation of a 74-i>un ship. 1 ven-
1 lure nothing in saying there is no country in the
' world, that possesses waters equal to these."—
Vol. IV., p. 305.
1 repeat my question: is it of no practical im-
portance whether or not we, as the future owners
of Oregon, cede to Great Britain the only sale har-
bors in that country, retaining not even one road-
stead of value along tlieentne t'acific coast ? Is the
maritime control of'Oregon a matter fo trifling that
wo are tamely to sun-ruder it to England, merely
because, without a color of title, she sees fit to ask
us for it? According to what code of logic or
morals docs it become our imperative duty submis-
sively to give way, for this only reason, that she
chooses pertinaciously to insist?
See, in her very pertinacity, the proof how well
she estimates—how differently from the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] or the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Pendleton]—the
value of this disputed tract and its magnificent har-
bors. She is experienced: she is far seeing. She
looks to practical results. On the table of her Cab-
inet, lie minute topographical surveys of the Straits
of Fuca, of Admiralty inlet, of the harbors of Pu-
get. From the first moment of negotiation she con-
tended for these; to the very last, she has adhered
to her pretensions. And whenever the day comes,
if come it does, when she shall lelinquish to us that
master key to the commerce of the Columbia val-
ley, then will a favorite and long-cherished plan of
hers fall to the ground: the plan of settling, with
British subjects, quietly, but exclusively, this dis-
trict of country. A distinguished gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Riiett] seems to perceive no
evidence, or danger, of any such plan. I ask him,
is it to go for nothing, that while seven thousand
American citizens have already settled south of the
Columbia, not one, no, not even one, has found a
home north of that stream? Are we to pass over,
as of no serious import, the fact, that the Hudson
Bay Company deliberately, if without violence, in-
duce the removal, to what they call the American
side of the river, of every citizen of these States
who attempts a settlement on what they persist in
calling the British side? Must we have stronger
portents still> I can furnish them. The following
paragraph is from Wilkes's narrative :
"As the charter of the Hudson Bay Company
' precludes their engaging in agricultural opera-
• tions, another company has been organized un-
' der the "title of the Puget Sound Company, and its
' officers are exclusively chosen fromamong them."
t# •# it The capital of the Puget Sound Company
' is .£500,000;" (that is, about two millions and a
' half of dollars.) "The operations of the com-
' pany are, in consequence, large; they began by
' making large importations of stock from Califor-
1 nia, and some of the best breeds of cattle from
'England. They have also entered into farming
' on an extensive scale," &c.-—Vol. IV., p. 329.
The Puget Sound Company, observe; their cen-
tre of operations being Fort Nisqually, at the south-
ern extremity of the sound; the very point at
which, in all probability, a line of communication
hence to China and the East Indies would termi-
nate, and the consequent point of embarcation' of
the Asiatic trade; the New Orleans, in short, of
the Columbia valley, with half the world directly
open to the vessels that shall leave ,her wharves.
And this Puget Sound Company has the chartered
right, and the capital, to found extensive agricul-
tural settlements; settlements of the most perma-
nent kind; settlements which must inevitably and
rapidly spread out, from that centre, south to the
very banks of the Columbia.
And then, whose will that country be? How
will the British Government dare, even if she
would, neglect or abandon the British interests
that will have sprung up under the protection and
privilege of her own Jaws and charters?
Does the gentleman from South Carolina think
that all this is going on just as it should ? that we
have but to fold our hands, in sagacious inactivity,
and look quietly on, and all will be well? Then
may we also declare, when the thunder growls,
that there is no storm in the air. Then may the
patrol slumber in security at his post, even when
the enemy's cannon give warning note that he is
advancing, in mass, to the onset.
1 pass to the second proposition of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, that if, under any circum-
stances, we sutler war to arise, we thereby bring
discredit on our country, and dishonor on the age
in which we live.
Discredit1 dishonor I Strong terms! Ihaveal-
ready shown that we contend for no trifle, for no
unprofitable right. The only remaining contin-
gency under which such charges can justly apply,
is, if we contend for that which is no right at all,
for that which is but a profitable wrong.
Sir, if there be a situation in life, public or pri-
vate, where a wise and just man will set jealous
guard on his reason, it is, when he bends its pow-
ers to decide a question of disputed right, to which
he is one of the parties. The best of us are but
men. Our longings tinge our judgments. That
which we desire should be, how readily do we
find, or frame, a plea to justify! When our wishes
urge, or our interests solicit, how prone are we all
to rush upon conclusions, to which our unbribed
reason would never have assented !
In a spirit of scrupulous self-watchfulness, then,
let us approach this question. In the great cause
now pending between us arid England, before the
tribunal of the civilized world, let us adopt the
principles of her declaration rather than those of
our own; let us take the testimony of her witness-
es, rather than of those it is our equal privilege to
summon. An'd if, even out of these materials, of
our opponent's own selection, we can still erect an
impregnable title, not only to what we have claim-
ed, but to much that we have offered to relinquish,
then even self-jealousy may be satisfied, and the
judgment of a candid world must, perforce, be
given in our favor.
England, pending this negotiation, has virtually
abandoned all claims founded on discovery orprior
settlement; a very sufficient proof that she does
not consider them tenable. In the official state-
ment by her plenipotentiaries, appended to the
protocol of the sixth conference held in December,
1826, they declare:
" Whatever title may have been, however, either
1 on the jaart of Great Britain, or on the part of
' Spain, prior to the convention of 1790, it, was,
'from thence forward, no longer to be traced in
' vague narratives of discoveries, many of them apoc-
' ryphal, but in the text and stipulations of that con-
1 vention itself."—Doc. 199, H. R., 20th Cong.,
1st session, p. 52.
This proposition, if it be admitted, narrows
down the whole controversy to a very simple
point; to an examination, namely, of the " text
and stipulations" of the convention in question, as
the only just source of title, in either nation, to
territory on the northwest coast.
_ Our negotiators have argued, that this conven-
tion, being but of a temporary character, was an-
nulled by the war between Spain and Great Bri-
tain, declared in 1796. But Mr. Pakenham still
