274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
out of view. Had we not negotiated thirty years,
and were we not further off from settling this !
•question than when we begun' j
Another consideration which he thought should !
be sufficient to satisfy gentlemen of the policy of i
this notice, was the fact that it could not be for the j
interest of both countries to continue the joint oc-
cupation, unless it wa? their mutual intention, in
the end, to make a partition of the territory, and
the additional fac.t that Great Britain considered
it for her interest that this joint occupation should
continue, as evidenced by the fact tliat the notice,
was not forthcoming from lier. Hence it could
not be for our interest to continue the convention.
Mr. T. next noticed and replied to the argument
on the part of gentlemen opposed to the notice that
(assuming that its result would be war) we were
not prepared for war. lie scouted the idea that it
would be necessary for us, before we ventured to
assert our rights to Oregon, to expend millions and
hundreds of millions to build up fortifications on
the line of frontier of a country eight thousand
miles in circumference, and in the building of ships
of war, both of which would be out of repair
long- before war came. The history of the coun-
try showed that our Government could never he
brought to make large preparations for a contin-
gency which was distant and uncertain. Let our
rights be boldly asserted and maintained, and then
if war should be the result, lie would be as ready
as any gentleman to vote liberal appropriations lbr
the defence of the country.
Mr. T. concluded his remarks by a passing re-
ply to incidental points which hail been taken by
gentlemen who preceded him in the debate, espe-
cially noticing the argument in opposition to this
measure, drawn from the alleged courtesy and
good faith with which England had ever acted to- j
wards us, and animadverting upon the series of I
aggressions and outrages which she had committed !
upon us from the period of the revolutionary war, j
in the holding of our western coast, in violation of i
the treaty recognising our independence, in the |
impressment of six thousand American seamen , in j
the-burning of the Caroline, and in other similar j
cases to which he referred. !
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON obtained the floor, i
and addressed the committee at length in support |
of the joint resolution for the notice. Mr. T. ar- j
gued that Great Britain did not contemplate a war, [
and that she had taken no offence, as recent ad-
vices had shown, at the recommendations of the i
President's Message in regard to Oregon. Tie ;
dwelt upon the ability of this country to sustain a
war with Great Britain, the validity of our title to j
Oregon, and the justice of our cause. lie de- i
elared that he and the State of Pennsylvania were
for the whole of Oregon or none; and he would
neither surrender Oregon nor the tariff to gratify
John Bull.
Mr. T.'s remarks commanded the entire atten-
tion of the committee, and were enlivened with
flashes of wit and humor, that produced much
merriment.
[A full report of Mr. T.'s speech has been pre-
pared, and will soon appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. T. having concluded—
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES obtained the floor;
and on his motion the committee rose and re-
ported.
Mr. STEPHENS, on leave given, presented
certain joint resolutions of the Legislature of Geor-
gia, against any amendment to the Constitution,
chancing (as the reporter undeistood) the picsent
basis"of"the ratio of represen tation.
Also, certain joint resolutions m relation to the
controversy between the States of Massachusetts,
South Carolina, and Louisiana; laid on the taole,
and ordered to be printed. , , „
Some struggle for business followed, the Mouse
being at the lime m a state of confusion attendant
on an adjournment, (before it had taken place,)
and rendering it extremely difficult for the report-
er or any one else to know what was going on.
Mr HOPKINS, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom had been
referred the bill from the Senate to establish cer-
tain post-routes in Texas, asked leave at this time
to report back the bill without amendment, and to
move its commitment.
Mr. CULVER objected.
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the rules be sus-
pended; which motion having been agreed to, and
the bill being before the House,
Mr. HOPKINS moved that it be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CULVER inquired if the motion was de-
batable ?
The SPEAKER said it was.
Mr. CULVER said he wished to debate it, and
he believed that the proper occlusion would be on
the question of reference.
[Cries of " Very well"—"go ahead, then"'—
" now, lion'."]
Mr. CULVER retained the floor; but, yielding
for the purpose—
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL moved that the
House "adjourn.
And, the question being taken, the House re-
fused to adjourn.
And the question recurring on the motion to
commit—
Mr. P. KING called for the reading of the bill.
And it had been read in part only, when
Mr. PR ICE moved to dispense with the reading,
and to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
ThcSPEAKEll said that the motion to commit
had already been made, and was the pending ques-
tion.
The reading of the bill was then concluded, and
Mr. PRICE demanded the previous question on
the motion to commit.
Rut Mr. CULVER had not yielded the floor.
He said, however, that he would withdraw his ob-
jection, and was willing that the bill should be
committed.
So the bill was committed to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. S. .TONES, on leave given, presented a res-
olution of the Legislature of the State of Georgia,
requesting the Senators and Representatives from
the said State m Congress to use tho.ii exertions to
procure the passage of a law to refund to said State
all moneys paid as duties on iron for the construc-
tion of (lie Western and Atlantic railroad; which
resolution was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. SEAMAN asked leave to offer a preamble
and resolution; which were read.
Mr. McKAY objected to the consideration of
the resolution, unless (lie said) the preamble was
stricken out.
j Mi. SEAMAN thereupon withdrew the pream-
j ble, leaving the resolution as follows :
I l\i'snlrJ'iL That the Judiciary Committee be, and
] they are hereby, directed to report to this House
! an act abolishing all compensation, emoluments,
! fines, penalties, and forfeitures, to the collectors,
surveyors, naval officers, and district attorneys,
' (other than the salary fixed by law,) and provid-
. mg that all such fines, penalties, &c., be paid into
. the treasury of the United States; and also to re-
] port an act regulating the time when the salaries
i of collectois, naval ollieers, and surveyors, &c.,
shall commence, to wit : the day they enter upon
i their duties, and not at the commencement of the
: fiscal quarter, or any time antecedent thereto,
j Mr. McKAY was understood to suggest that
< the Committee on Commerce had already had this
i subject under consideration; (but the remarks were
made amidst so much noise, that the reporter re-
j quests not to be. held responsible for its accuracy.)
! Mr. PETTIT suggested that the Committee on
| Commerce, and not the Committee on the Judicia-
j ry, was the appropriate committee. He. was uiv
I derstood, also, to object to the positive instructions
i which the resolution proposed to give to the com-
j mittee.
j The resolution, giving rise to debate, was laid
' over.
Mr. W. G. BROWN, on leave, offered the fol-
1 low mg resolution; which was read for information;
I Resoh-ed, That the Postmaster General be re-
quested to furnish this House with a statement
u showing the interruptions in the transportation of
the public mails on the Cumberland road at Wheel-
ing, since December, 1840, and the causes thereof,
so far as they may be on the records of his office.
Pending this resolution,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 29, 1846.
Mr. STURGEON rose to move for a correction
of the Journal. He found that his vote on the
question of the engrossment of the bill for the set-
tlement of the claims of the State of New Hamp-
shire against the United States, was recorded in
the negative. He had intended to give Ms vote in
the affirmative, and as it must have been sn aid of
mere inadvertence if he had not done so, he moved
that the Journal be so corrected as to conform to
his intention.
The motion being agreed to, the Jotirnal was
ordered to be corrected accordingly,
Mr. CORWIN presented the memorial of Eli
Hobbs, in behalf of himself and others, legal rep-
resentatives of George Hobbs, deceased, praying
compensation for property taken for the use of the
Uniied States troops at Lower Sandusky, in 1812;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented three memorials of
citizens of the Wyoming valley, Pennsylvania,
asserting the right of the United States to the
whole of Oregon, up to 54° 40', north latitude,
and remonstrating against the x-eUnquishment of
any of our claims to said territory; which were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of 207 young'
men of western New York, praying the abroga-
tion of certain treaties concluded in 1838 and 1842
with the Seneca Indians; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. PENNYBACKER. presented additional
documents in iclation to the claims of John Eng-
land to a pension for revolutionary services; which
were referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. BENTON presented the petitions of the
heirs and legal representatives of John Smith, as-
signee of St. Vrain, praying permission to enter,
at the minimum price, the land already located
under his concession; which was referred to the
Committee on Public. Lands.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition'.of Orlando'
S. Rees, praying indemnification for loss sustain-
ed during the Seminole war; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. PEA RCE presented, for the consideration
of the Senate", the following resolution; wlich lies
over:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of causing^
to be published, for the use of the Government of
the United States, 150 additional copies of the sci-
entific works of th.e exploring expedition, now in
course of preparation and publication.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn it be to
Monday next.
Mr. WESTC0TT presented the following reso-
lution, in accordance with a report of the House of
Representatives of Florida; which was agreed lo;
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of Con-
gress affording encouragement to citizens of the
United States, disposed to engage in the cultivation
of tropical productions on the peninsula and islands
and keys of Florida, by donations of land or other-
wise.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the report of the
Legislature of Florida on the above subject was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BREESE offered the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to communicate to the Senate all the infor-
mation in his possession relative to the present
means of naval defence on the northern lakes; and
also the best plan of providing- for the ''common
defence" in that quarter, whether by a ship-canal
from the Illinois river to Lake Michigan, or other-
wise.
Mr. DIX, pursuant tonotice, asked and obtained
lfeave to introduce a bill foi the relief of Sally Lock-
wood; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved that the report of
the Secretary of War, made the 20th of January,
be referred to the Committee on Military Aflairs,
and printed; which motion was agreed to.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution, presented by Mr. Web-
ster:
Resolved, That the President'of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate any
correspondence which may have taken place be-
