*84fc:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
velop wealth, and strength, and means of defence
in our mines, and in our forests, and in our waters;
and from the land, everywhere, would spring up
armed legions.
Gentlemen said that .a war would cost two hun-
dred millions; [a voice: "Five hundred;"] some
say that it would cost five hundred millions; and
the gentleman from South Carolina, who^ sees such
dark sights in the air, will probably estimate it at
a thousand millions. It was said, too, that the
Government would have no credit in a war. How
was it during- the last war? The country went
through it, under the greatest possible disadvan-
tages. - What was credit ? It consisted in the sta-
bility and character of a Government. If, after
thirty years of peace and of unparalleled prosperi-
ty, this country would rather yield up its soil than
defend it, then it did not deserve the character of
stability, and would be entitled to no credit. But
ho believed that, with a just regard to our credit,
and a wise and prudent course of conduct, we could
go through a third struggle for territory with the
same success that crowned our efforts in one war
against taxation, and another war against impress-
ment. No nation would deserve any credit which
was not always ready to defend itself.
When the honor and dignity of this country re-
quired us to fight, no one could say that we would
be unable to find the money to carry on the war.
With such resources as the United States possess-
ed, there could be no danger from war, and the
mercenary spirit of dollars and cents would not
prevent us from asserting our rights; for whenever
a people began to talk of yielding what belonged to
them, rather than defend it, it was a token that
they would not exist long as an independent na-
tion.
He had been told by an intelligent gentleman
from Montreal that it had been announced in some
publication in that city, under the sanction of an
association, that the disruption of the .American
States was at hand, nnd that New England, New
York, and the western States would be united with
Canada under the British dominion, but that the
South must take care of themselves, lie would
not be willing to be annexed in this manner. He I
mentioned this to show how idle were the see.tional j
distinctions which had been drawn in regard to
this question.
The speech of the gentleman from South Caroli-
na, [Mr. Hoi.mes,] he said, seemed to have much
more regard for the interest of the cotton-growing
country than for the honor of the nation. The
question seemed to be regarded as a western ques-
tion—as one in which the West had some peculiar
interest; but she had none that he knew of. In
the last war, the West poured out her blood as ft-ce-
]y as did any portion of the country. New Or-
leans and the River Raisin would forever attest to
this. But now, although we must have California,
and perhaps all Mexico, after having taken Texas,
we were told that the assertion of our title to Ore-
gon was a matter in which the West was alone in-
terested. It had been said that in time of war we
should be obliged to resort to direct taxes, which
would fall, heavily upon the property on the sen-
board. It was true that their costly equipages,
their wines and plate, would be subject to taxation;
but all these were luxuries; while the West would
be taxed, not for luxu ies, but for the bare neces-
saries of life. What was the West to gain by it?
But the West would go for it, and stand by it, be-
cause they had been told and believed that the soil
was our own; and, moreover, they believed that
it was our manifest destiny to occupy and peo-
ple it.
What (said Mr. B.) was destiny? Was it not
the duty of every statesman to look, not only at
what a country is, but to look forward and see
what (by the blessings of God) it may become?
He claimed Oregon, because it was contiguous
to our own territory, and would bo peopled by
those kindred to us in blood, in language, and in
everything else. Helovedpeace and despised war;
but when war should come, be trusted that it
would be met in such a manner as to insure to our
children and our children's children, the whole
territory rightfully belonging to us, as long as our
country shall be true to its manifest and ultimate
destiny!
Mr. HOGE obtained the floor, and on his mo-
tion the committee rose,
And the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 30, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read, and ap-
proved.
Mr. WENTWORTH, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a bill declaring the assent of
Congress to the State of Illinois imposing a tax
upon all lands hereafter sold by the United States
in that State, after the time of such sale; which
bill was read twice, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. DELANO, on leave given, offered the fol-
lowing resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That a select committee of five be ap-
pointed, with instructions to inquire into the valid-
ity of the claims of tlie State of Ohio to the per
cent, on the minimum price of the lands within
her limits which have been taken to satisfy land
warrants for military services during the revolu-
tionary war.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees for reports.
Mr. BA11RINGER, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, made a report upon the
petition of the widow of Captain John Bald ridge,
accompanied by a bill for her relief; which was
read twice, and committed.
Mr. COCKE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report upon the case of
Nathaniel Shillett; which report was laid upon the
table.
Mr. C. also, from the same committee, report-
ed bills of the following titles;
A bill granting a pension to Oryis Crosby;
A bill grunting a pension to Elijah C. Psibbitt;
accompanied by a report in each case; which bills
wore read twice and committed. i
Mr. GOODYEAR, from the same, committee, j
made an adverse report upon the petitions of Jo- j
seph Craigmilcs, of Stacy Lanepherc, of Joseph J
Bell, and of Pliny Pierce; which reports were hud j
on the table. t
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee, made •
adverse reports upon the. cases of Joseph John- [
sou, Richard Buchanan, John Owen, and Sam- j
ucl Bernap; which reports were laid upon the
talile.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, report-
ed bills of the following titles:
A bill authorizing the agent for paying pensions
at Cincinnati, to pay John Wing any arrears of
pension money due to Dorothy Terrill, deceased;
and
A bill for the relief of John Porter; accompa-
nied by a report in each case; which bills were
read twice anil committed.
Mr. R. SMITH, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill to grant to the State of
Illinois a right of way through the public lands of
the United States, and for o'ther purposes, to aid
in the construction of the Northern Cross railroad,
acompanicd by a report in writing'; which bill was
read twice and committed.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill relative to the railroad leading
from Jackson, through Brandon, to the western
boundary of Alabama, reported the same without
amendment, accompanied by n report in writing.
Ordered, That the said bill be committed to the
Committee of the, Whole House on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BELL, from the same committee, made ad-
verse reports upon the petitions of Enoch Dobyns
and Joseph Pulcifer; which reports were laid upon
the table.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, made a
report upon the case of Isaiah Parker, accompanied
by a bill for his relief; which was read twice, and
committed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the same committee, to
which was referred petitions upon the same sub-
ject, reported a bill to aid in the construction of cer-
tain roads m the Territory of Wisconsin; which
bill was read twice, and committed.
Mr. STROHM, from the same committee, to
which was referred the subject of granting aid to
the Columbus and Sandusky Turnpike Company,
made a report thereon, accompanied by the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be, and is hereby, requested to apply to the Gov-
ernor of the State of Ohio for information in regard
to the present condition of the Columbus and San-
dusky turnpike road; whether the said road is kept
in such a state of repair as will enable the Federal
Government to realize, in case of need, the advan-
tages contemplated by the act of Congress approved
March 3, 1827, entitled "An act to grant a certain
quantity of land to the State of Ohio for the pur-
pose of making a road from Columbus to Sandus-
ky;" and if not in such condition, why the said
road is not put and kept in repair; and that the
President communicate to this House the answer
which he may receive from the Governor of Ohio.
Mr. MARSH, from the Committee on Patents,
made a report upon the petition of Elisha H.
Holmes, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
bill was read twice and committed.
Mr. DANIEL P. KING, from the Committee
on Accounts, reported the following preamble and
resolution :
Whereas, the Clerk of this House is, by law,
made the responsible officer for the proper dis-
bursement of the contingent fund, and is required
to give bond for the faithful disbursement thereof;
therefore,
Resolved, That from and after the passage of this
resolution, all contracts, bargains, and agreements
relative to the furnishing of any matter or thing,
or for the performance of any labor for the House
of Representatives, shall be made with the Clerk,
or approved by him, before any allowance shall be
made therefor by the Committee on Accounts.
The. said resolution was read; and the question
being put to the House, it was decided in the af-
firmative.
So the resolution was adopted.
On motion of Mr. WINTHROP,
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be discharged from the consideration of the
case of Thomas Sandford, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Conuncrcc.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
made a report upon the petition of Samuel D.
Enochs, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
j bill was read twice and committed.
; Mi. D. also, fiom the same committee, made
1 an adverse uport upon the case of Teacle Savage,
j administrator of Balitha Laws.
; On motion of Mr. DANIEL, ordered that the
Committee of Claims be discharged from the con-
sideration of the case of the widow of Seth Bobb,
senior, deceased, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL,
Ordered, That the same committee be discharged
from the consideration of the memorial of the cit-
izens of the State of Florida, for indemnity for
losses sustained during the Seminole war, and
that it be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. GORDON, from the same committee, made
a report upon the petition of Gregory Thomas,
and other owners of the New York pilot-boat
Washington, accompanied by a bill for their relief;
which bill was read twice anu committed.
Mr. G. also, from the same committee, made ad-
verse reports upon the petitions of Ira Carpenter
and David B. Ogden; which reports were laid upon
the table.
Mr. GILES, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which the petitions were referred, reported bills
of the following titles:
A bill for the relief of N. & L. Dana & Co.;
A bill for the relief of Philip and Eliphelet Gree-
ley;
A bill to remit the duties on certain goods de-
stroyed by fire at the conflagration in the city of
New York on the night of the 19th of July last;
A bill for the continuation of the public works
at Bridgeport harbor, in the State of Connecticut;
which bills were read twice and committed.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the same commit-
tee, made a report upon the case of Lewis H.
Bates and William Lacon, accompanied by a bill
for their relief; which bill was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. McC. also, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the petition of Lemuel
Williams; which report was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND,
Ordered, That the same committee be discharged
from the consideration of the memorial of the cit-
izens of Ohio for an appropriation for a naval depot
