280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. SO;
at Toledo, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. LAWRENCE, from the same committee,
made an unfavorable report upon the petition of
Charles W. Pingley; which was laid upon the
table.
Mr. SEAMAN, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill for the relief of Eman-
uel Berri and John M. Reese, reported an amend-
atory bill, accompanied by their memorial.
Ordered, That the said hi! 1 be committed.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND,
Ordered, That the Committee on Pu55ie Lands
be discharged from the consideration of the memo-
rial of citizens of Armstrong comity, in the State
of Pennsylvania, in favor of the freedom of the
public lands. Also, of the memorial of the citi-
zens of Knox county, in the State of Ohio,
for the transfer of the public lands to the States
in which they are situated. Also, from two nie-
monals fiom the citizens of Fayette county, m the
State of Pennsylvania, in favor of graining the
public lands in tracts to actual settlcis; and"5 that
said memorials be committed.
On motion of Mr. RELFE,
Ordered, That the same committee be discharged
from the memorial of E. M. Chumheilain and 15.
"W. N. Ellis, for a donation of land for purposes
of a railroad, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
On motion of Mr. RELEE,
Ordered, That the same committee be discharged
from the consideration of the petition of Willis'l.
Williams, in favor of the adjudication of the claims
of Jacques Claymorgan, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH, from the same com-
mittee, made a report upon the case of James G.
McCloud, accompanied by a bill for Jus relief;
"which bill was iuad twice and committed.
Mr. S., also, from the same committee* made a
report upon the petition of James Anderson, ac-
companied by a bill to confirm an entry of land,
made bv the administrator of James Anderson,
deceased, of Iowa Territory; winch bill was read
twice and committed.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the same committee,
made an adverse report upon the petitions of citi-
zens of the State of Illinois, for compensation to
the inhabitants of township 9, for the lGth section;
which lepurt was laid upon the table.
Mr. McIJLVAINE, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a joint reso-
lution to settle the claims of Alexander M. Cum-
mings, accompanicd by a report; whicli resolution
was read twice and committed.
Mr. RATHBXJN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to regulate the proceed-
ings in the circuit and district courts of the United
States, and for other purposes; which bill was read
twice and committed.
Mr. PETTIT, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the lesolution of the IIou.se
of the 13th instant, relative to a repeal of the 4fh
section of the bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for
the year ending 30th June, 1846; which report was
laid upon the table.
Mr. DANIEL P. KING, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, reported bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
A lull for the relief of Joseph "W. Newcomb;
A bill for electing a monument to the memory
of General Joseph Warren; accompanied by a le-
port in each ease; which bills were read twice, and ;
committed. j
Mr. CLARKE, from the same committee, made !
an adverse report upon the petition of the repvc- \
sentatives of Udney Hyde; which report was laid j
on the table. I
Mr. JOHN H. EWING, from the same com- j
mittee, made a report upon the case of the legal '
representatives of Simon Spalding-, accompanied j
by a bill for their relief; which bill was read twice, !
and committed. I
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON, from the Com- j
mittee on Private Land Claims, to which was re- !
ferred the bill to amend an act approved the 34th >
of February, 1843, entitled "An act to amend an ;
act for the relief of George Mayfield," approved |
July 27th, 1842, reported the same without amend- i
ment. j
Ordered, That the said bill be committed. j.
personal
On motion of Mr. HARALSON,
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be discharged ftom the consideration of the peti-
tion of Martha Twist, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
On motion of Mr. McCRATE,
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be discharged from the consideration of the peti-
tions of Holt Ingraham and Daniel Sampson; and
that said petitions be laid upon the table.
On leave given, Mr. STEPHENS presented a
resolution of the Legislature of tlie State of
Georgia, in relation to the claims of said State,
Mr. BUFFIiNGTON (objection having1 been
made) moved a suspension of the rules to enable
him to present certain joint resolutions of the Le-
gjslatuie of Pennsylvania.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
Some com ersation took place between Mr. Mar-
tin, of Kentucky, and the Chair, m relation to a
j motion to excuse Mr. McDowell from service on
I the Committee on Mileage.
| The motion (if it was such) led to no action, the
j Speaker having stated that all motions of that char-
; actor must come from the member himself.
Mr. WHITE a ked the House at this time to
take up nnd oonsMor a motion, heretofore made by
him, to print 5,000 extra copies of the report iu re-
lation to mineral lands.
Objection was made.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL (leave having been
dented) moved a suspension of the rules, to enable
him to offer a resolution, calling for information on
the Sen cUu y of the Treasury m relation to the va-
rious depoMto-ies of the public moneys.
The rules were not suspended.
Mr. BOWLTN gave notice of a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which Mr. "Delano's resolution
(see above) had been adopted. Mr. B. was under-
stood to desire to have the resolution so modified
as to make it general in its application.
The motion was entered on the journal.
Mr. 1 AKER asked leave to make a
explanation.
No objection having; been made,
Mr. 15. proceeded to read the following para-
graph from last evening's Union:
"He trusted that he need not say that he was of
* the party that elected Mr. Polk. He had given
' his feeble influence to the success of that party
' and of their nomination, and he trusted that the
< principle on which that nomination was made
jj ( would be sustained."
Now, (continued Mr. B.,) I do not complain of
the general tenor of the report of the ''Union." I
have rather to thank the reporter for the pains he
has taken with it. But in this report he has done
me gross and crying injustice. I did not say that
1 had gi\en my feeble support to the success of
Mr. Polk. I was opposed to his election. I am
opposed to every measure of his administration of
a mere party character. 1 need not say this in my
own district, or to my own people. But I desire
to say it here, so that wherever this report shall
go, the correction may go also—wherever the
bane goes, the antidote may follow. I now say,
that, exccpt so far as Mr. Polk may be for the
honor of the country in our foreign relations, I am
opposed to him. I rejoice in being a whig. I
would rather be a whig defeated than a democrat
successful. I am for Mr. Clay. 1 would be wil-
ling to run him again. I would rather vote for
him than any man m the world. And I take occa-
sion to say that, as in all times past I have given
my warm support to whig men and whig princi-
ples, so in either fortune, amid disaster and defeat,
to the very last of my blood and my breath, I am
a whig constant, unchanging, now and forever.
[The explanation was concluded amidst roars of
laughter, some calls to order, and a vigorous ap-
plication of the Speaker's hammer to the table.]
OREGON.
On motion of Mr. HOGE, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Tibbatts, of Kentucky, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the joint
resolution of notice.
Mr. HOGE was entitled to the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee during the hour.
Mr. H., after some prefatory remarks, expres-
sive of the propriety of every gentleman, on a
question like this, freely expressing the convictions
of his own judgment, declaratory of the fact that
the course he should pursue -on this question -was
the same as he had taken at the last session of
Congress, he not having been within the category
of western men alluded to by Mr. Reett at a pre-
vious stage of the debate, who at the last session
voted against the amendment of Mr. Adams for the
giving the notice, and indicative of his desire to
present the reasons for his support of the resolu-
tion before the committee, lest by a silent vote he
should be placed within the category of those who
were for rushing recklessly into all the horrors of
war, proceeded to say, that while he confessed he
entertained no love for Great Britain, he was yet
by no means full of that warlike furor that the hon-
orable gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kennedy]
seemed to think necessarily belonged to all the rep-'
resentattves of the State from which he came. Cer-
tainly, in the remarks of two of his (Mr. H.'s)
colleagues there was something a little warlike; for
one of them [Mr. Baker] seemed resolved to go
for the measures proposed in reference to Oregon,
because it was our " manifest destiny" to obtain
exclusive possession of that entire territory, and
the other [Mr. Douglass] went for 54° 40'now,
if not sooner, and for the north pole, if not a little
further. He did not partake in the glorious cam-
paigns which had been alluded to the other day by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. C. B. Smith,]
either in their dangers or their honors, but he hoped
he should not be considered invidious, or disposed
to pluck any of the green laurels which clustered
around the heads of gentlemen who had figured so
conspicuously in that war, if he should merely in-
timate that he had never known so brilliant a mili-
tary reputation achieved in a campaign so blood-
less in its results.
He had one word more to say to his colleague,
[Mr. Baker.] It was perfectly proper for the
gentleman to set himself right as to his political
course, where he was not known; but certainly it
was not necessary for him at home to make the ex-
planation ; no man there ever supposed him to be
a democrat. But he (Mr. H.) regretted that his
colleague was induced, in his great zeal to clear
his skirts of any connexion, with the democracy,
to repudiate one of the most consolatory texts of
the Scripture—that text wMch announced to the
unfortunate that "
"While the lamp holds oat to tram,
The vilest sinner may return."
[A voice: "In what part of the Scripture do you
find that?"]
Mr. BAKER wished to explain; but
Mr. HOGE declining to yield the floor, pro-
ceeded to express his regrets that there had been
attempts in this House to give this debate some-
thing of a sectional, a party, and a personal char-
acter; and he considered in bad taste the attempt
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Kikg,]
to connect with this question the name of a certain
distinguished statesman, for whom he (Mr. H.)
professed to entertain as high a regard as any one
from the gentleman's own State. ' And he would
tell the gentleman from South Carolina that he
was mistaken if he supposed that any personal
consideration connected with the elevation, or with
the downfall, of any individual, had anything to do
with this question. It might be, and he believed
it would be, that the weight of this great question
m its onward progress would crush individual as-
pirations, indiv idual hopes; for no great national
question in its course to final consummation but had
passed through a very grave-yard of dead politi-
cians. It might be the fate of this great question;
but sure he was, that its bearing upon politicians
would neither facilitate or impede its progress. He
looked upon it as a great American question—as
the great question of the day. He was further
convinced that no matter what might be the ter-
mination of this discussion, what might be the
vote which they should finally give upon this res-
olution, the matter is to be terminated within
twelve or eighteen months, at all events, with or
without the notice, with or without any action on
the part of this House. There was a spirit abroad
in the country that would bring this question toan
issue, "peaceably if we can, forcibly if we must."
Mr. H. referred to the genera) unanimitywhich
had been manifested in the progress of the discus-
sion—all being for Oregon, and for the whole of
Oregon now, and all agreeing on the great political,
commercial, and military advantages of that terri-
tory, and all agreeing on the validity of our title.
Even the learned and distinguished gentleman from
