1846;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] who thought our
title came from musty sources, did not take his seat
until he had proclaimed that the superiority of our
title over the British title would be pronounced if
the question were submitted to a court of justice.
But it was reserved for a representative from the
^great Commonwealth of Virginia, [Mr. Pendle-
ton,] in the face of the facte, in the face of the ar-
guments of every historian, orator, and diplomat-
ist, who had ever spoken or written upon this
question, to find out that the territory of Oregon
was not worth a farthing; and it was reserved to
another equally distinguished gentleman from Vir-
ginia, {Mr. Bayly,] to find out, but in the face of
the uniform position-which this Government had
maintained for thirty years, in the face of argu-
ments of the most acute diplomatic ability, to dis-
cover that the title of the united States to the Ore-
gon territory north of 49° is not worth a straw.
How changed was the position of that great State
upon this question, so far as her representatives had
been heard from!
Mr. BAYLY interposed, and remarked, if the
gentleman alluded to him in his latter remark, he
had only to say that he had entirely misunderstood
his argument.
Mr. HOGE resumed. That (he said) was his
misfortune perhaps; it was certainly not owing to
the want of clearness of the gentleman; for he un-
derstood him to lay down his position distinctly,
and to sustain it by very ingenious arguments, that
our title north of 49° was not worth a straw. And
the gentleman was followed by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Owen,] whose argument, with all
due deference, he must be allowed to say, was
more specious than sound—who held that our title
was not good beyond 49£ degrees,
Mr. OWEN" explained. The gentleman from
Illinois had wholly misunderstood him. He (Alr.
Owkn) had argued, that, according to the showing
even of British-claimed documents, we had a per-
fect right of territory to forty-nine and a half; and
an equal right with Great Britain north of that par-
allel.
Mr. HOGE continued. The natural inference
from the gentleman's own argument, as now ex-
plained, was, that our title would not stand beyond
49|°. The gentleman stated truly that we claimed
to 54° 40'; and he proposed, by a sort of compro-
mise, to fix the line at 5~)0.
Mr. H. was about to show the difference between
the position of the modern patriotism of Virginia,
and that of its patriotism in former days. He read
an extract from a speech of Governor Floyd, of
Virginia, of whom he spoke in high terms of enco-
mium, in the House of Representatives, in 1829, in
reply (as he said) to arguments like those which
had been advanced by gentlemen here in regard to
the value of "the territory of Oregon, and to the
danger of asserting our rights.
[Note.—The reporter is disappointed in not be-
ing furnished with the extracts m this speech, and
is hence obliged to omit them. Among other
points, this extract urged the necessity of going
forward to an inflexible maintenance of our rights,
independent of any declarations made by the Brit-
ish Government on the subject.]
Sir, (said Mr. H.,) that is the kind of Virginia
patriotism which I like to see.
Mr. BAYLY. Did that gentleman go further
than the line of 49°.
Mr. HOGE. That question was not then in dis-
pute at all, but whether we should take military
possession of the country—whether we should as-
sert our rights to that territory.
Mr. H. aid not like that patriotism which counted
the cost; which turned pale and trembled at the eon-
sequences; which hesitates, falters, and doubts when
great national^ questions are to be decided, when
great national interests are at stake.
He referred to the speech of Mr. Holmes, as
having dwelt upon our entire want of preparation
for war, upon the deadly blow which it would in-
flict upon all our interests; and after having lashed
us round the world, and cut off every hope, the hon-
orable gentleman (he said) had expired in a blaze
of glory which was to be achieved by the Sumtcrs,
the Pickenses, and oil the other "game cocks" of ,
the kingdom of South Carolina. He congratulated
the nation on the return of the State of South Caro-
lina to reason; he was glad to see that she was be-
ginning to give us a little admixture of prudence in
her rash counsels. She was not now ready in de-
-fence of a inere territorial right to run the hazard of
war. But how long was it since South Carolina
had been ready, in opposition to a law passed by
this Congress, not to plunge this nation into a war
with our ancient enemy—into no foreign war—but
a war in which the hand of brother should be raised
against brother, of father against father, of country-
man against countryman ? How long was it—ho w
many moons had run their course, since a distin-
guished Senator from South Carolina had stood in
his seat in theSenate chamber, and speculated upon
the disruption of this Union, and upon the forma-
tion of a distinct confederacy—the visions only to
be realized in the ruins of the Constitution, and the
scheme only to be carried out amid all the horrors
of a civil and a servile war? He was glad that
South Carolina was coming to reason. If this new-
born zeal for peace continued to gain ground in
that State, we would notbe likely again to be placed
in the position we once feared m relation to the
tariff legislation of this country.
He was about to remark on the extraordinary
position which this debate had been made to as-
sume. He referred to the facts under which this
question was now presented; to the announcement
by the President of the United States, in pursu-
ance of his duty, that all negotiations on the Ore-
gon question were at an end, and his recommenda-
tion to Congress to take such measures as they
deemed advisable for the maintenance of ourrights;
to the proposition in the resolution before the com-
mittee, reported from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, to exercise a plain right under our treaty
stipulations; and to the declaration with which
they were met, that the passage of this resolution
was a declaration of war—of war, in the language
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. pF.vm.r/rov,J
not. only inevitable, but immediate. The gentle-
man's colleague did not precisely concur with luni,
but said if was the consequent measures which
were lo follow the adoption of the resolution which
were to precipitate the country into a war; and in
this position the honorable gentleman differed from
every other opponent of this notice.
The honorable gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Yancey] has assumed the ground that this treaty,
when entered into, was a substitute for war; and,
1 therefore, that its icpeal was war itself. lie (Mr.
11.) denied this position, and referred to the cir-
cumstances under which the treaty was entered
into, in proof of his declaration. He also referred
to the fact of the notice by Russia to the Govern-
ments of Great Britain and of the United States
for the termination of a similar convention entered
into in 1824; and that neither of these Governments
had dreamed that the termination of that treaty—
though so cavalierly effected—was a just cause ot
offence. He also referred to the firm, unflinching
declaration and vindication of our rights which had
been made by this Government in the case of the
French treaty; in the case of our negotiations with
Naples, made from the deck of our ship-of-war,
and in our difficulties with Spain; and ne urged
that a similar course in this case would terminate
in a similar successful issue, and that there would
be no war. But how changed was now the spirit
of our dream! The question was now with our
ancient enemy, and we were continually reminded
that we dare not proclaim our acknowledged rights.
The power of our enemy was magnified, paeans
were sung to British prowess and to British glory,
and the weakness of our own country was exhibit-
ed in most alarming terms. He knew not whether
the gentleman from Alabama, who had led off in
his predictions against the success of his country
in a war, prophesying defeat and dishonor to
American arms in a just cause, had here made his
first essay in the art of vaticination; but he had, at
least, illy exercised his prophetic powers in de-
picting the future dishonor of the arms of his na-
tive land. But he believed that not only in Ala-
bama, but in Georgia, and even in South Carolina,
the masses of the people were right on this Oregon
question. There was no distinction between the
people of the "West and the South on this question.
There might be a difference between their politi-
cians, but among the people, whenever the integ-
rity of the soil of their native land was the point
at issue, there could not be a difference. There
was a distinction between great politicians, south-
ern in their principles and feelings—a distinction
between the politicians of the South, and the
South.
They who advocated this resolution took the po-
sition that it was the only and the best means of
avoiding the difficulties which were anticipated.
He referred to the favorable manner in which the
declaration had been received m Great Britain
which was first put forth by the present Executive,
that the syren song of negotiation, which had lull-
ed our judgments for the last thirty years, had lost
its power, and that the question was now to be de-
cided whether w.e wouldtabandon or maintain our
rights; and he read an extract from a foreign jour-
nal on this point. That was the first echo. How
was it followed up? Why, we found that, in the
bitterest anti-American paper published beyond-the
ocean—in the London Times, theacknowledged or-
gan of the British Secretary for Foreign Affairs—
this intimation was followed up by a recommenda-
tion to the British Government to accept the pro-
position made by Mr. Gallatin in 1826, and reject-
ed by that Government, as a preliminary step to-
wards the renewal of negotiations—a recommenda-
tion to accept the 49th parallel, or rather, to propose
the 49th, and the free navigation of the Columbia
river. This was the first returning echo of the
position now assumed by our Government on this
question. Did it look like a disposition to consider
the passage of this resolution as a declaration of
war?
He referred to, and commented upon, the incon-
sistency of the gendeman from Virginia, and of
other gentlemen who had argued that the offence
to Great Britain, if any offence was taken, would
not arise from the giving of the notice, but from
the measures which must follow the notice; and
who, nevertheless, turned round, and told them in
the next breath that they would go for the mea-
sures, while they opposed the notice. Every gen-
tleman who hail signified his intention to vote
against the notice on this ground, nevertheless
Avent lor taking military possession of this country.
He made a passing allusion to the position of
Mr. Ewik'g, of Tennessee, "whom he understood
as holding that we had no title whatever on the
northwest coast, and theiefoie it was not worth
fighting for.
Mr/EWING explained, that he had considered
our title doubtful, and that he was proceeding to
give his views on the law of nations as bearing on
this point, when he was intenupted by the expi-
ration of his hour.
Mr. HOGE continued, and expressed his dis-
sent from the position of Mr. Bedinger, illustrated
from the habits and characteristics of the American
eagle.
He recurred to his argument that the giving the
notice could not be considered a cause of offence
by the British Government. He said he differed in
opinion with gentlemen respecting this treaty. He
looked not upon that treaty as a treaty of acquisi-
tion, but a treaty of concession. We had gained
no rights and we had lost no rights under that
treaty. We yielded not one particle—nay, in the
negotiation, we refused to yield one particle of the
right of sovereignty. We granted to Great. Brit-
ain the easement of settling, of trading, of the
using in common with us of our territory. We
had the right before the making of the treaty to
build forts, to take possession—exclusive posses-
sion—of the territory, and we held all our rights
still, subject to the right of trade, to the right of
navigation, and of settlement of those parts not al-
ready occupied. That he conceived to be the true
construction of the treaty. That was its admitted
construction in the negotiation out of which it re-
sulted. Tt was stated by Mr. Gallatin, in 1826, in
one of his despatches to this Government, that
the British Government did not deny that the
American Government had the right to build forts,
and to do every act of ownership short of the ex-
clusive military possession of the mouth of the
Columbia river; and, with or without this notice,
we had the right to take all the measures recom-
mended by the President.
But he was merely answering the assumptions
of the opponents of this resolution; for they were
not arguments. No one of them had condescend-
ed to give them any argument, any reason why
the mere passage of these resolutions was a declara-
tion of war; and, m their judgments, they said
there were better means of securing this territory.
The true difference between gentlemen here was,
that they were all for Oregon, until it became ne-
cessary to take the first step necessary for securing
it. This was the amount of this great unanimity
which, it was said, had never been witnessed before
in the history of this Government. They were all
