1846,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
288
lie lands free (in limited quantities) to actual settlers: re-
ferred to the Committee of tlx© Whole on the state of the
Union.
By Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL: The petition of Thomas
Williams and 213 other citizens of New London, Connecti-
cut, praying for the adoption of peaceful measures for the
settlement of the Oregon question: referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. The petition
of Joel Nurse: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions. :
By Mr. 'SCHENCK.: The petition of Daniel Jordan and
38 other citizens of Ohio, praying for an appropriation for
the continuance of the Cumberland road.
By Mr. HILLIARD: The petition of John R. Chapman,
of Alabama, praying that Congress would grant him the !
balance of the appropriation voted by the last Congress for '
the improvement of the Choctawhatchee river: referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs. <
By Mr.BEDINGER: The petition of Jonathan Shacffer,
one of the heirsof Christian Orndoff: referred jo the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. St. JOIJN: The petition of J. S. Olmstead, and 67
other citizens of Sandusky county, in the State of Ohio,
asking the establishment of a naval depot at the upper end
of Sandusky buy, an said State of Ohio: referred to the
Committee on Naval affairs.
By Mr. SYTcCONNELL: Two memorials from Georgia and
Alabama, signed by upwards of 300 citizens, pra> ing Con-
gress to establish a mail route once a week Irom the termi-
nus of the great eastern and western railroad at Atalanta;
aI>o the terminus of the Georgia and Monroe railroad, in I>e
Kali) county, Georgia, via Villanca and Tallapoosa post of-
fice, in said county, thence to Shady Grove, thence to Jack-
sonville, Benton county, Alabama.
By Mr. HAttPER; The petition of George A. Jones and
332 other citizens of ZaneavjJle, Ohio, praying for the erec-
tion of a bridge over the Ohio river at Wheeling, Virginia;
the petition of Henry Orndorf and 86 other citizens ofthe
same place, fbr the same purpose; the petition of James
Granger and 87 other citizens of Muskingum comity, Ohio,
for the same purpose; the petition of O. Porter and -13
other citizens of said county, for the same purpose; the
petition of J. G, Metcalf and'13*2 other citizens of Guernsey
county, Ohio, for the same purpose.
By Mr. BOWLIN: The remonstrance of J. M. Johnson
and 457 others, citizens of tin* land district, remonstrating
against the removal of the land ofllee from Jackson, Cape
Girardeau comity, Missouri: referred to the Committee of j
the Whole Hou>e on the state of the Union. The apph- 1
cation of Thomas J. Chapman, by lii.s attorney. Edward C. I
White, as surviving partner of the late firm ot Preniow & I
Chapman, praving indemnity for losses sustained on ae- j
count of the robbery and murder committed by the Yancton ,
SiouK Indians while Miid firm were trading in the count! y i;
as licensed traders: rcferted to the Committee on Indian f
Affairs. :l
By Mr SAWYER: Two petitions of citizens of Ohio, for j|
the improvement of the Manmeo bay: referred to the Com- l|
mittee on Commeice. {'
By Mr. GORDON: The petition of March Farrmgton, for ;j
an increase ofpetudon. i I
By Mr. PERKY: The petition of f. J)od<?e, praying com-
pensation for eura services as a special tobacco agent: re-
ferred to the Committee on Eoreian A flairs.
By Mr. BIGGS The petition of L. S. Webb and 156
other citiaons of Bertie county, North Carolina, praying an
appropriation to reopen Roanoke inlet, at Nag's Head: re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. WOOD : The petition of Joseph M. Chase, and
other citizens of the county of Cayuga, New York, in rela-
tion to the post office: referred to the appropriate commit-
tee. Also, the remonstrance of Samuel IJpham and 20 other
citizens of Wyoming county, New York, against the annex-
ation of Texas as a slave State.
By Mr. J. 0. JOHNSON : The petition of Ezckiel Col-
burn and 57 other citizens of Groton, Grafton county, New
Hampshire, praying for a congress of nations to settle na-
tional differences: referred to the Committee on Foieign
Affairs.
By Mr. STEWART: The petition of Captain James
Wlmley, of Fayette county, Pennsylvania, piaying for an
increase of pension. Also, the petition and documents of
Thomas Thompson, a soldier of the hue war, praying to be
placed on the pension list. Alsoahke application on be-
half of Joseph Taylor: referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
By Mr. BIUNKEBHOFF: The memorial of citizens of
Sandusky city, Ohio, praying the establishment of a naval
depot at that place, on Lake Eric.
fly Mr, EUDiVIAN: The petition, signed by a numbci of
citizens of Montgomery, Bucks, and l>high counties, Penn-
sylvania, praying Congress to pas^ an act to «rant a m;ul~
loute from Pott^-town, Montgomery county, to Coopers-town
Lehigh county.
By Mr. J. H. CAMPBELL : The petition and documents
of Mary Campbell, the widow of John Campbell, a icvohi-
tionary soldier, for a pension : referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary* Pensions. Also, the petition and documents
of John S. Vandyke, of Philadelphia, pravmg that certain
prize-moneys due to his deceased brother, Henry Vandyke,
inav be paid to him: referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
By xWr. HOLMES: The petition of M. II. Debon, execu-
tor of Dr. Thomas Coopei, piaying to be refunded moneys
paid under the act of 1798, called the alien and sedition
act.
By Mr. J. G. CHAPMAN: The memorial of Dr. Edward
Earlc, of Philadelphia, asking that his process for preserving
canvass and cordage may be adopted for the seivice of the
United States. The memorial of the Howard Institution
ofthe cxty of Washimrton, piaying for relief.
By Mr. WICK : A joint resolution of the General Assem-
bly ofthe State of Indiana, on the subject of public over-
flowed lands. The memorial of John D. Stephenson and [
others, asking a grant of land to aid the State of Indiana in
the completion of the Central canal in said State referred
to the Committee on Public Lands. Also a joint resolution
of the General Assembly of said State, in relation to the im-
provement ofthe Ohio river: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of Willis L. Williams,
praying that the restriction excluding the claim of Jaquez
Claymorgan from judicial investigation, under the act of
17th June, 1844, be removed, upon the condition that the
amount of land to which they may establish their claim
shall be taken in scrip, to be located of public lands in mar-
ket: referred to the Committee on Public Lands. The pe-
tition of James M. White and others, heirs of John Smith,
of Missouri, deceased, praying permission to enter, at the
minimum price, the tract of land on which they and their
ancestors have resided near forty years by virtue of a Span-
ish title: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. M. L. MARTIN: The petition ol citizens of Mil-
waukie for appropriations on certain roads in the Territory
of Wisconfin. Also, the petition of citizens of Brown and
other counties, for appropriations on Green Bay and Chica-
go road. Also, the petition ol citizens for a road to Copper
Harbor and Green Bay. Ako, the petition of Col. George
Boyd, late Indian agent, to have certain allowances made
m the settlement of Ids accounts: referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Arthurs, Also, the memorial for the improve-
ment of Fox and Wisconsin rivers, from citizens of Winne-
bago county.
By Mr. LUMPKIN: The petition of sundry citizens of
Georgia, praying the establishment of a mail-route fVom
Stone Mountain Depot on the Georgia railroad, in De Kalb
county, via Lavvrenceville in Gwinnett county, Gainsville
in ilaJI county, to Clarksville in Habersham county: refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Po«t Roads.
Uy Mr. MOKRIS: The petition of sundry citizens for a
mail-route from Lowell, Washington county, Ohio, through
Momoe and Belmont counties, inteisccting the National
Road at Mornstovvri: referred to the Committee on the Post
Of lice and Post Roads.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The petition of the heirs of John
Mountjoy, praying fbr the allowance of the commutation of
five years' full pay, with the interest, for the services ofthe
said Mountjoy during the revolutionary war.
By Mr. HOPKINS : The memorial of Peter Hewitt, and
93 others, citizens ofthe county and town of Alexandria, in
the Di.stnet of Columbia, praying to he retroccded to the
State of Virguua: refened to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
By Mr. MOWIS: The petition of citizen*! of New York,
fbr the completion of Cattaiau<rus harbor, and for the erec-
tion of a light hou^e; referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the ^tate of the Cmon.
By Mr. SAWYER: Sundry remonstrances against the
improvement of the Man nice river, m the State of Ohio : re-
feired to the Committee on Cimimeree. ANo, one petition
foi said impiovemcnt: refeired to the Committee on Com-
merce.
By Mr. DARRAGII: The memorial ofthe Board of Trade
of the city of Pittsburg, asking tbr a Millieient appropna-
tion for the speedy improvement of the Ohio river, and
l>nn mj? to the attention ofCongteas the plan ofimprov< merit
bv means of locks and dam* lefened to the Committee on
Comineiee. AUo, the petition of George Coclnan, foi set-
tlement i)i' his claim : rcteired to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. Alf-o, the memorial of John Ferial, and ninety-
nine others, citizens of the countv of Allegheny, Pennsyl-
vania, praj'ing that the public lands should be laid out in
proper farm* and lots, for the fiee use of sueli citizens (not
possessed of other land) as will occupy them, allowing the
settler the right to dispose of his possessions to any one
not possessed of other land; and that the jurisdiction of
public lands be transferred to States only on condition that
such a disposition should he made of thein: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. PETT1T • The petition of W. B. Brown, and
128 others, citizens of Massillon, Ohio, praying that hereafter
no money may be paid out of the treasury of the United
States to any chaplain: referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. Also the petition of J. C. Meckener, and 28
others, citizens of Akron, Ohio, praying in a like manner,
and referred as above. Also the petition of James Pru-
dence, and ISO others, citizens of Indiana, praying the
establishment of a pos.t-route from Lafayette to Marion, in
said State: referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Po«t Roads. Also the petition of Shapendo*hia, and 9 other
Miami Indians, on behalf of themselves and their families ;
which is also signed by David Foster, and 100 other white
men residing on the Gieut Miami reseivation in the Stale
of Indiana, prajmg that said Indians maybe allowed to
remain m the conntv, m-stend of moving weft of the Mis-
sissippi, and be allowed to purchase and sell land as citi-
zens: referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
By Mr. GILES. The petition of John Hanagan, a soldier
of the last war, praying for a pension: referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. HUNGEUFORi) : Thiee petitions fiom citizens of
Jefferson county, New York, fbr the erection of fortifica-
tions at Saclcen's Harbor: referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. Al«o, the petition of inhabitants of Ohio,
for the improvementof Maunice nvei : referiod to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
By Mr. SEAMAN: The memorial of the Long Inland
Railioad Company, pravlng a remission of duty on iiori rails
hei etoforp imported and used b> them : referred to the Coin-
mitttee on Commerce
By Mr. B ROCKENBROFGTI • The petition of Benjamin
F. Allen, administrator of Richard C. Allen, deceased, for
compensation for services performed byluMnte fate : refer-
red to the Committee on Public Land* Also, the petition of
Orlando S. Rees, for compensation for losses in the fndian
war in Florida, and appointment of a board of commission-
ers fo examine and report upon such losse?of himself and
others: referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. McCONNELL: The memorial of a public meet-
ing of the citizens of Crane Bluff in the county of Cherokee,
State of Alabama, praying Congiess to peimit said citizens
to enter 160 acre* of land at the minimum price, on which
said town or county site was previously authorized by
Congress before said land wa*s surveyed, and for other pur-
poses.
By Mr. JOHN II, CAMPBELL: The petition of John
Stanert, of Philadelphia, an invalid pensioner, praying that
his pension shall commence from the time he received bis
wounds: referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. CATflCART: The petition of Cyrus Vigus, of
Cass county, Indiana: referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
By Mr. ROBERT SMITH: The petition and papers in
the case of Nathaniel Patton, of Franklin, Missouri: refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. HUNTER: The memorial of the committee of
the city of Alexandria, D. C., accompanied with sumhy pa-
pers, praying for a retrocession of said city to the State of
Virginia; reierred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
By Mr. FICKLIN: The petition of John Perryman and
others, of .Moultrie county, Illinois, foi the establishment of
a mail-route therein designated ; referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
/ By Mr. STEWART: The petition of David Black and
100 other citizens of Fajette county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the appropriation of the public lands to the use of actual
settlers, gratis, who do not own land; refened to the Com-
mittee on Public Land*. Al<o, a memorial signed by seven
pie>idents of .-.even different insurance companies of Phil-
adelphia, and other >, praying Congress to provide for the
erection ol piers, &c., on the eastern side of Reedy island,
for the protection ot commerce ; rctorreil to the Committee
on Commerce. Ab-o, the memorial and documents of Lei-
cester Haymaker, and other heirs ot John Bowen, for leave
to locate a Virginia military land wan ant; refened to the
Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. HOPKINS : The memorial of the legal represent-
ative of Joseph Wilson, a soldier of the Revolution, piaymg
remuneration for his services; referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of Silas Chatfield,
foi a pension; referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
By Mr. M. L. MARTIN: The petition of citizens of Wis-
consin, Iowa, and Illinois, for a sale of the mmeialland*.
The petition of citizens of Wisconsin, for an appiopuaiion
on the load from Mihvaukic to Madison.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The memorial of Edmund II. Tay-
lor, of Fiankrort, Kentucky, praying an allowance of the
eominntati'Ui of jive veals'* full pay, with interebt thereon,
m lieu of half-pay for life, promised by the resolves of Oc-
tober, 17^0, and SMd Maich, 178.'}, in consideration of the
servn-c of Colonel Fianci-. Ta\lor, m the continental line
of Vnumia, in the war of the Revolution.
By Mr. MOSEhEY: The petition ol' citizens of western
New York, foi a law requiting >tcnmboat* and vessels car-
rying passengers to bp piovided with efficient safeguards for
the lives of passongeis.
By Mr. C. B. SMITH: The memorial of J. B. Ham peon
and 80 other?, citizens of Wabash county, Indiana, piaying
aiV'appiopnatnm to improve the Maumec liver.
Bj Mr. HUNGERFORD: The petition ot James Wood,
for icJief. The petition of George J. Knight, for additional
compensation for a vessel impulsed into the service of the
United States. each referred to the Committee ot Claims.
The petition of citizens of New York, for the election of
throe light-houses on the river St. Lawrence: referred to
the Committee on Commerce. Two petitions from citizens
of Jefferson county, New York, for the erection of fortifi-
cations at Sackett's Harbor: refened to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of Francis Upton Fermo,
Willis Gregory, and other citizens of New York, for protec-
tion against the importation of ^oda-ash, barilla, and sal so-
da: referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
By Mr. BIGGS: The petition of Joshua Robertson, and
seventy-four other citizens of Martin county, Noith Caro-
lina, praying an appropriation for reopening Roanoke inlet,
at Nag's Head: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. S. D. HUBBARD: The petition of the inhabitants
of the towns of Derby, Naugotuck, Waterbury, Huntington,
&.C., for the improvement of the mouth of the Ilousatonio
river.
By Mr. E. B. HOLMES: The petition of Adam Swart,
for pay <br revolutionary services. leferrcd to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. W. G. BROWN The petition of John W. Robb,
and others, asking Congress to continue the Cumbeilana
road, by budging the Ohio river at Wheeling.
By Mr. YOST: Resolutions of the Legislature of Penn-
sylvania, relative to the piers in the river Delaware at Mar-
cus Hook : referred to the Committee on Commeice. Also,
resolutions of the LejjisJatuic ofthe same State, relative
to a Macadamized national load fiom the United States
arsenal at PitMiuig to the hatbor at Ene: referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals. Also, resolutions of the
Legislature of the same State, relative to the rates of post-
age : referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 31, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part, and
(the fuither reading having- been dispensed with)
was approved.
THE PENSION LAWS.
The SPEAKER, by leave, laid before the House
the following communication:
A ietter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in obedience to the resolution of the House of
the 31st ultimo, an abstract of the several pension
laws now in force, together with the constructions
which have been placed upon such laws, by the
said Department or Attorney General, with forms
for the use of applicants for pensions.
Mr. BRODHEAD said this was a very valua-
ble document. It contained an appendix or com-
