284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
pilation of all the pension laws now m force; of
the forms necessary to be adopted in applications ,
for pensions ; and the opinion of the Attorney Gen- j
eral of the United States upon these laws. He
desired that some extra copies should be printed
for the use of the House, and a few for the use of
the Commissioner of Pensions. He (Mr. B.) be-
lieved that every member of the House had fre-
quent calls upon him m relation to these laws, and
that a printed compilation of them would be found
very useful. He moved, therefore, that five thou-
sand extra copies of the document be printed for
the use of the members, and live hundred for the
use of the Commissioner of Pensions.
Mr. McCONNELL called for the reading of die
resolution.
The SPEAKER said the question was in the
mere form of a motion, not a resolution.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the reading of the
resolution uuder which this document had been
sent m.
And it was read.
[A message was received from the Senate by A. |
Dickens, Esq., Secretary, informing the House i
of the passage of a bill for the relief of Charles G. j
Page.] |
Mr. McCONNELL could not see the propriety j
of printing this additional number of documents, i
He was willing, he was understood to say, to go as I
far as any man in giving to those who had fought;
the battles of their country the just reward of their !
merits. But let gentlemen'look to the pension laws, !
and to the claims that were made under them, and I
they would find more persons claiming" pensions \
than had fought the battles of 1776, and lol2-"13.
If it was in order, he would introduce an amend-
ment abrogating the pension laws, and thus doing
mvay with that mdjsci iminate and voluptuous poor-
house system.
Mr. SEVERANCE rose, and proceeded to re-
mark that this was a document that whs much
wanted 
The SPEAKER interposed, and said that the
motion to print an extra number could only be en-
teitained by general consent; and he suggested
that the question should first be taken on the oidi-
nary motion to lay on the table and print the doc-
ument.
The suggestion was acceded to.
And the question having been taken, it was or- i
dered that the report be laid on the table and
printed.
And objection having been made to the consid-
eration at this time of the motion to print 5,500
extra copies,
Mr BRODHEAD moved a suspension of the
rules.
And the House having decided that motion in j
the affirmative, and the motion to print an extra !
number being thus before the House, j
Mr. G. W. JONES thought that a loss number i
than that which had been proposed would answer !
the purpose. There were but few persons, he was I
understood to say, in each congressional district, j
by whom the document would be wanted; and he ;
moved to amend the motion by striking out j
"5,500," and inserting "2,500 for the use of the \
House, and 500 for the use of the commissioner." j
Mr. HOPKINS said he differed both from the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broohkad] and !
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Joxef,] as to j
the number of copies that should be printed. Tie ;
thought that the largest number designated was too !
small. The document was of great interest to that .
portion of their constituents who, in his opinion, j
had been too much neglected m this very particular.
What did the House do by the dissemination of ,
tins small pamphlet ? It would send to every part
of the country the means by which the soldiers of i
the Revolution, and of the last war, would be' pro- j
tected against the very few individuals who were ■
familiar with the legislation of Congress on the ■
subject—legislation intended for the benefit of the j
soldiers themselves, but which, by reason of this t
very want of correct information, too often result- !
ed to the benefit of speculators, and to the injury
of that very class of their constituents for whom
they legislated. It was, he repeated, a small docu-
ment. And what did it propose to do ? To send |
out to the country, in the most authentic form, the j
evidence of what had been done here for the peo- j
pie. To give to those interested a copy of the law j
itself, and thus put them on their guard against i
.those impositions and speculations which he agreed j
were a disgrace to the age in which we lived. And
there had been no means by which these imposi-
tions iiad been more successfully carried on than
by the want of the very information which it was
now proposed to furnish. It was known that
every member of the House had constituents con-
stantly writing; for information in relation to these
pension laws. He doubted whether there were
half a dozen members who could respond to one
of these inquiries. A person who was interested
in getting information as to the claim of a particu-
lar individual, would write to a member of Con-
gress to know what the law was. The letter was
referred to the Commissioner of Pensions, and the
best reply that he could make was to give a copy
of the laws. The proposmon of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Brodhf.ad] was to allow
500 copies only to the Commissioner of Pensions.
How long would they remain in his office ? Mem-
beis would call for them and procure them, and in
three weeks there would be none left. The ex-
pense would be inconsiderable;and he should like
to see the number doubled. At all events, he
should like to see one thousand copies ordered for
the office of the Commissioner of Pensions, and he
suggested to the gentleman from Pennsyhama to
modify his motion.
Mr. BRODHEAD said he had asked the Com-
missioner of Pensions whether the number desig-
nated in the original motion would be sufficient.
He replied that he thought it would. There was
not a single copy of the pension laws for distribu-
tion now in the department.
Mr. HOPKINS hoped, he said, that the largest
number proposed would be printed. He would
even \otefm 10,000 copies.
Mr. \V ENT WOllTi i thereupon moved to print
10,000 eopies (retaining the additional 500.)
Mr. G. \V. JONES, not very well heard, was
understood to suggest that a copy of these pension
laws would not be of any use to those who were
already drawing their pay from the Government.
They could, therefore, only benefit those who had
yet to apply for pensions. And,judging from the
pension-roll, lie should infer that there could not
bt: iu the wholw United States five thousand per-
sons yet entitled to pensions who did not draw
them.
He referred to the age of the revolutionary pen-
sioners, and lo the probability of the list diminish-
ing instead of increasing. He could not, therefore,
see ihe necessity of printing so large a number.
Mr. IXEKRICK said, he hoped that the House
would consent to print at least 5,000 extra copies
of this document. As a member of one of the com-
mittees, he had seen the necessity of such a com-
pilation. It seemed to him that it was almost im-
possible for a man, not a lawyer by profession, to
perform his duty touching these pension laws with-
out it. He had himself endeavored to become fa-
miliar with them, so far as he had had opportunity;
hut he had found it impossible. And for all the
information that was procured, application had to
be made to the Commissioner of Pensions.
He had come here with a determination not to
vote for the printing of a- great number of docu-
ments; but for all such as weie, like this, of real
use and \a1ue, he fhould cheerfully record his vote.
If there was in this country a class of men who
deserved, and should receive, the attention and the
supervision of this House, it was that class of men
who had fought the battles of their country.
There were various claims now before the com-
mittee of which he was a member—i. c. the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims—which could not
be understood without a compilation of these laws;
and he insisted that the. House owed it to its va-
rious committees, even if no other considerations
for the act existed, to have this document printed
and distributed.
Mr. YANCEY said that he was opposed to the
whole system of printing; documents for the in-
formation of members of Congress. It was a
growing and a grievous evil; and the amount of
money appropriated for public printing was already i
enormous, even if it was not increasing. Mem* j
bers of Congress had no light to call for the print- j
ing of books for their particular information. The I
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Hotkins] had said,
that there were but a very few members of this
House who knew what the pension laws were.
If this were so, it was their shame. And because
they did not know, were they to call upon the
House to go into a large expenditure of the public
money merely to supply them with documents
containing that which they ought to have known
before they offered themselves for a seat here?
Gentlemen might as well ask for the printing of
other statutes, in order that members of Congress,
who were too lazy, perhaus, to-go and consult the
statute books in your libraries, might have the
information they wanted. The argument was
not a just one. If the House ordered the print-
ing of documents in relation to the pension laws,
it might as well order the printing of statutes in
relation to other matters, before the Committee
on the Judiciary, for example, or the Commit-
tee on the Department of the Havy; or of the De-
partment of War, or of the Post Office. It was
no good reason for this expenditure, to say that
members of Congress were ignorant what the laws
of the land were.
It seemed to him that the argument of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] was conclu-
sive, that the pension list was filled up, or nearly
so, by those who ought to be there, and that there
were very few who had yet to apply for pensions.
The roll, in the ordinary course of nature, ought
to be decreasing*, yet if it was increasing, that
was no reason why these documents should be
reprinted. - ..
He had understood that the Commissioner of
Pensions furnished blanks to all those who ap-
plied, setting forth what ought to be done, without
going to the expense of furnishing copies of the
laws to every one who chose to apply for them.
It was a common thing, too, for candidates upon
the hustings to talk before the people of an
economical administration of the Government—
of allowing no gieater appropriations of money
than were merely necessary to carry it on. Yet
we found many of those very gentlemen, when
elected to their seats^here, constantly voting to
increase the expenditures in order that they
might be supplied with printed documents for
their own information; when, if they were to con-
fess their ignorance before the people, the proba-
bility was, that they would not have obtained their
seats here at all.
He was opposed as well to the smaller as to the
larger number. Let gentlemen go to the Library,
and there seek for the information they required.
Mr. HAMLIN took the floor, but yielded it at
the request of
Mr. HOPKINS, who desired to say a word in
reply to the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Yan-
cey.]
Jic (Mr. PI.) had, he said, ventured the sug-
gestion that members of the House were not very
accurately informed or. this subject. And although
it might be, as the gentleman had averred, " a
shame" that the fact should be so, yet he (Mr.
H.) must admit that, so far as he himself was con-
cerned, it was true. And, with great deference to
the intelligence of the able gentleman from Alabama,
he (Mr. H.) might venture the suggestion that that
gentleman himself could not, from his position, be
very accurately informed upon a subject about
which he (Mr. PI.) believed inconsistent and con-
tradictory decisions had been made even by func-
tionaries as high as the Secretaries of War. They
had differed as to what had been our legislation.
The opinion of the Attorney General of the United
States had been invoked by resolution, as had been
the aid of the Secretary of War, in this very com-
pilation. And for whom? Had any gentleman
dreamed that these documents were to be publish-
ed for the information of members of Congress ?
If the gentleman from Alabama supposed that he
(Mr. H.) wished any particular number for his
own benefit, lie was mistaken. It was for the
benefit of the people that they were needed.
It had been said that the Commissioner of Pen-
sions furnished forms when called upon. By
whom was he called upon ? By that class of spec-
ulators who were spread over the length and
breadth of the land. He was not called upon by
revolutionary soldiers, or soldiers of the late war.
It was for the purpose of protecting these individ-
uals that he (Mr. H.) would throw this informa-
tion broadcast over the country. He would have
a copy deposited in the clerk's office of every coun-
ty in the Union.
On questions involving public expenditures, he
j seldom went further than the gentleman from Ala-
bama , especially upon questions of printing extra
numbers of documents. He (Mr. H ) iad but
rarely gone with those who had voted in favor of
