1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
the largest numbers; and recently it had been his
misfortune to differ with a portion of his friends
(and, amongst others, he thought, with the gentle-
man from Alabama himself) in relation to printing
an unusually large number of the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury. He (Mr. H.) did not
exactly Know whether the gentleman went for the
smaller or larger number.
Mr. YANCEY said, for the larger.
Mr. HOPKINS continued. The gentleman said,
for the larger. If, then, he would make out an
account-current between them, putting on one side
the vote of that gentleman for the largest number
of the Secretary's report, and on the other his
(Mr. H.'s) vote for the largest number of this
compilation, the gentleman would find himself con-
siderably the debtor.
He (Mr. H.) admitted that the number of doc-
uments printed was a growing evil; and no one
would rejoice more than he, if the House should
be able to arrest it. But it was not with the old
pensioners of the Government that this system of
reform was to have its beginning. He would be
found most willing to go with the gentleman in
all these questions involving economy in the ex-
penditures of the public money, where that econ-
omy could be properly applied; for he had usually
voted against propositions to print large numbers
of documents.
Mr. R. SMITH said he felt surprised at the re-
marks which had fallen from the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Yancey,] in regard to the qualifi-
cations necessary for a representative on this floor.
And if the doctrine which the gentleman bad ad-
vanced was true, there could be no doubt that
many members of this House would at once be cut
off from their seats. Was it the only qualification
for a seat here, that a gentleman should understand
the statutes of the country ? lie was as much op-
posed to printing extra documents as the gentle-
man from Alabama. lie (Mr. S.) had nut voted,
since he had held a seat here, for publifdiing or
giving documents to members of Congress, wnh a
view to any other object titan their distribution.
And a<J to the document now under consideration,
he believed if to he highly important that the lati^e^t
number which had been proposed should be print- i
ed; as also of every other document, the object of
which was to disseminate information among those
who had fought the battles of the country and de-
fended its honor.
Scarcely a week elapsed in which he did not re-
ceive applications from an old soldier, or the heirs
of on old soldier, asking how a pension should be
applied for. If this document were sent to every
county in every State of the Union, the old soldier
might go and examine for himself, without pay-
ing a legal gentleman, or giving half of his pen-
sion to get his papers drawn out. He (Mr. S.)
trusted that the legal gentlemen who opposed the
printing of these documents were not actuated by
the sordid and selfish consideration of putting mo-
ney in their own pockets. It would be unjust to
suppose so, and he trusted that they would be will-
ing to vote for the largest number, so that all those
who had not had the benefit of a legal education,
but who had shed their blood for their country,
might procure all the information they needed
u without money and without price."
Mr. COBB said, he supposed that this question
had already been sufficiently elucidated by the dis-
cussion which it had leeeived; and in order to bring
it to a close, he would move the previous question.
But at the request of
Mr. YANCEY, and on his pledge to renew it,
Mr. C. withdrew the demand.
Mr. Y. said, that he could not suffer himself to
ba placed in the false attitude of commencing this
practice of economy on the old pensioners, or ra-
ther, of making war upon them, m order that he
might make the Government economical in its ex-
penditures. He was not making war upon them;
those who had pensions did not need the informa-
tion contained m this document.
One word more on this system of publishing
documents for the information of members of Con-
gress, as was intended here. If members of Con-
gress needed information upon which to legislate—
as if information was wanted for their constitu-
ents—let them go to their libraries, and not call
upon the Government to go into large expenditures
of the public money to print documents which
would necessarily redound to their ease, but to the
expense of the country.
Redeeming his pledge, Mr. Y. renewed the de-
mand for the previous question.
And there was a second; and the main question
(being first on the highest number) was ordered;
and, being taken, was decided in the affirmative:
yeas 102, nays not counted.
So ten thousand copies of the said document for
the use of the House, and five hundred for the use
of the Commissioner of Pensions, were ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Postmaster General, transmitting,
in compliance with the 2d section of the act of the
2d July, 1836, a statement of the expenditures for
the year ending 30th June, 1845, and of the esti-
mate of expenditures for the year commencing the
1st of July next, and ending the 30th June, 1847,
accompanied by estimates for the two preceding
years.
Ordered, That so much of said letter and state-
ments as relates to the estimate of expenditures of
said department be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means; and that so much thereof as re-
lates to the expenditures of said department for the
year ending the 30th June, 3845, be refeired to the
Committee on the Expenditures of the Post Office
Department.
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting, m pursuance of the acts of the 21st of
April, 1808, and of March 3, 1809, a statement
of the contracts made by the several bureaus of the
Navy Department for the year ending the 30th
June, 18-1G; which letter and statements were laid
upon the table.,
A letter fiom the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in compliance with the net of April *2, 1794,
a report exhibiting the expenses of the national
■J armories and the arms, &,c., manufactured and
! repaired theiein during the year ending the 30th
J June, Jdl.), which leitei and repoit weie laid
j upon the table.
j A h;tter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
{ ting, in answer to a resolution of the I louse of the
! 27ih instant, a report of Captain Joshua Barney", ■
j the officer having charge of the public works m j
' the Territory ol Iowa, which letter and report j
wcic laid upon the table. j
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, i
transmitting, m compliance with the 31th section j
of the act of 26th August, 1842, and a resolution |
of the House of Representatives of the 13th in- !
stant, a statement of the names of the clerks and \
other persons employed in that department during j
the past year, showing the time each clerk and I
other person were employed, the amount paid to
each, and the place of residence of each at the time
of his appointment; which letter and statements
were laid upon the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in compliance with the provisions of
the 20th section of the act of the 26th August,
1H42, a statement of the expenditures of the con-
tingent fund of that department for the year ending
30th September, 1845; which letter and statements
were laid upon the table.
The Senate bills on the Speaker's table were, by
consent, taken up and appropriately disposed of.
Mr. McCLKLLAIN Jj moved that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (with a view to take up the
bill relative to collectors and other custom-house
officers.)
Mr. SEABORN JONES asked Mr. McC. to
withdraw the motion.
Mr. YANCEY rose to a personal explanation;
and said that, in reading the remarks of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Hoge,] made on yester- ,
day in the Committee of the Whole on the Oregon j
question, and reported in the " Union" of the 30th !
instant, he discovered that the gentleman from
Illinois had entirely, though no doubt uninten-
tionally, misstated his (Mr. Y.'s) \iews. I find
m the report of that speech, as it appears in the
" Union," (said Mr. Y.,) the following:
" He knew not whether the gentleman from
' Alabama, who had led off in his predictions
' against the success of his country in a war, pro-
' phesymg defeat and dishonor to American arms
' in a just cause, had here made his first essay in
5 the art of vaticination; but he had, at least, illy
' exercised his piophetic powers in depicting the
c futuie dishonor of the arms of his native land.
' But he believed that not only in Alabama but in
{ Georgia, and even m South Carolina, the masses
' of the people were right on this Oregon ques-
* tion."
I know not from what sources the gentleman
from Illinois has drawn information upon which
to base such a charge upon me, sir. Certainly
that gentleman neither heard such views from me
while I addressed the committee from this s' at,
nor found them in the printed report of that
speech. At no time, and at no place, have I ever
predicted " dishonor to the American arms in a
just cause.if When I have ventured to speak as
to the probability of an issue of arms being made
up between this country and Great Britain, 1 spoke
as the following extracts from my speech will
show:
" Entirely unprepared, then, for such a terrible
' conflict as that between ourselves and Great Brit-
4 ain must inevitably be, will it be deemed treason-
4 able, dishonorable, or cowardly, in one who here
' represents a portion of the people who are to be
{ affected by it, to advise that * discretion, that bet-
$ ter part of valor,' warns us to avoid it, if it can
' be done with honor?"
" Not calculating on the cowardice of our great
'adversary, I would hold the Union from an un~
' equal conflict, which neither the private nor the
' public code of honor ever demands under such
* circumstances; and, like the brave Scottish chief-
* tain, would say to her—4 Bide your time.' "
Thus much I ventured to say as to the condition
in which the two countries would be thrown into
| the arena of arms—ourselves unarmed—Great
i Biitain covered with the panoply of war. And
| now, what did I say as to the issue of such an un-
i equal conflict? It is comprehended in the follow-
ing extracts from the same speech, which I made
;j on the 7th instant:
| u The war, however, would be fiercely waged
; 'on the ocean and in Canada. Riding m large
| ' fleets, the cross of St. Gcoige might pass triumph-
i ' ant. In single and more equal combats, it would
I ' be as certainly lowered to the stars and stripes.
} ' Canada, too, would yield in our valor; and when
! 4 both pai ties became tired of the contest, in which
1 1 the vitality of neither would have been touched,
j ' Oregon would be (bund in the hands of England,
; ' and Canada would be m our possession.
There might be one other result. Both parties,
' worn out by the struggle, might, as in the laUwar,
£ stipulate to return all that either had conquued ;
' and thus the country would be left where it was
i when it, began the foolish contest of strength."
It will be difficult, sir, for a casuist to draw from
these remarks a prophecy of " dishonor to the
American arms in a just cause."
No, Mr. Chairman, even though victory upon
every field of conflict should result to the Ameri-
can arais, I would not unnecessarily—as I conceive
this notice, and an attempt to take exclusive pos-
session of Oregon would do—involve my country
in the horrors and demoralizing tendencies of a war.
But while I predict no " dishonor to our arms in
any conflict we may have with any nation, I would
not disguise the fact that, in a war to be waged
now, and upon such an issue, we wilt labor under
fearful disadvantages, both moral and physical.
In the same report of the remarks of the gentle-
man from Illinois. I also find the following:
" He characterized the position of Mr. Yancey,
' that Gieat Britain only wanted this territory for
' purposes of the fur trade, and with 110 view of
' making permanent settlements there, as the most
' extraordinary position that had been taken in this
1 most extraordinary debate. It seemed to be
1 founded upon the assumption to the same effect
' which had been put forth by a Senator from Mas-
' sachusetts in the Senate chamber. He looked on
' that proposition as nothing more nor less than a
' proposition to surrender the territory north of the
' Columbia river; continue the treaty ten years
' longer, and he looked on the result as inevitable;
' we should notget the 49 j degrees, and much less
' the 52 degrees of the gentleman from Indiana, or
' the 49 degrees of the gentleman from Alabama."
Both of the assertions made in that quotation are
incorrect. I never alluded to the "fur trade," and
but once to the purposes for which she desired
Oregon. The following contains that allusion:
" England cares but little for Canada. To her
| it is an expensive and comparatively useless colo-
'ny. For Oregon she cares much ; for whoever
' is planted theie will, from its splendid ports, com-
mand the trade of the great Pacific.''
As to the assertion that I have founded my views
