286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 31,
upon " an assumption to the same effect which had
been put forth by a Senator from Massachusetts,"
I imagine, sir, that I shall be found in that unfor-
tunate conjunction as few times as most men.
The gentleman was at fault, too, in stating that
I had made a proposition to compromise at 49°.
On the contrary, I made the following remarks as
to the extent to which I was willing to assert our
claim to Oregon:
" Like them, I am for all of Oregon. With
' them, I believe our title to it to be complete against
' the world. My only desire is, that we so regu-
' late our movements as to be able to secure it all."
But, sir, I must be allowed to say here, that a
more thorough investigation and calm reflection,
induced by the able debate which this question has
elicited, has now brought me to this conclusion,
that up to 49° our title is sufficiently "unquestion-
able" to call upon our Government not to yield an
inch nor a right south of that degree; while above
that latitude it is sufficiently questionable to make
the matter one for honorable settlement by nego-
tiation, in which negotiation I have no fear that the
honor of the country will be compromised.
Mr. HOGE said he certainly had no disposition
to misrepresent the positions taken in debate here
by the honorable gentleman from Alabama, lie
had not read the report of his own remarks as
contained in the Union, to which the honorable
gentleman had referred. In the first extract to
which the gentleman from Alabama had callcd his
attention, the reporter had not given the precise
language which he had used in his remaiks, al-
though he had given substantially the idea. He
had not read the printed speech of the honorable
member, but had heard the speech as delivered on
the floor; and ill replying to it he had spoken from
recollection. He had certainly understood the
honorable gentleman to maintain that the passage
of the resolution under discussion was equivalent
to a declaration of war. The gentleman had as-
sumed the position that the treaty of )8i8 was a
substitute for war, and that its repeal would be
war itself. The honorable gentleman had then
gone on to comment upon the want of preparation
upon the part of our own Government, and the
\ ast power of our opponent, and that a war car-
ried on under such circumstances must result m
inevitable defeat and disgrace to the arms of our
country. To these positions of the honorable
gentleman, intended to he faiily given, he had di-
lected his reply. In the second extract, as road
by the honorable gentleman, the icport was wholly
incorrect. He had taken no such position as was
there attributed to him. The honorable gentleman
from Alabama, in common with other gentlemen
opposed to the notice, had taken the position that
the only way to get Oregon was to leave the treaty
in force, and trust to the cflccts of emigration and
settlement to obtain the whole territory peaceably.
He had in his remarks assumed that such a posi-
tion seemed to him to be based on that,which had
been taken by an honorable and distinguished Scn-
ator ftom the Slate of Massachusetts, that Great
Britain had no desire to hold the Oregon territory
for purposes of colonization, but merely as a hunt-
ing ground; and that as the fur-bearing animal re-
tired to the north, Great Britain would retire with
it, and surrender the country quietly and peace-
fully. lie had not attributed that position to the
gentleman from Alabama. In that portion of his
remarks relative to the 49th parallel, to which the
gentleman had referred, he had alluded to an hon-
orable member fiom Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] and
not to the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. BAYLY asked leave to make a single re-
mark only in reply to the last remark of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Hoge;] which being
granted, he said that the gentleman from Illinois
had informed the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Yancey] that the last portion read of his |Mr.
Hoce's] remarks were attributed to him, (Mr. !?.,)
and not to the gentleman from Alabama. He had
not read the gentleman's speech, as reported m the
Union of this morning; but he had this moment
taken the paper in his hand, and he found that, so far
as he (Mr. B.) was concerned, his disclaimer—his
broad, unqualified disclaimer—of the construction
the gentleman had placed on his remarks was cor-
rectly reported. But he undertook to say now,
if the gentleman referred to him in the portion of
his remaiks alluded to, he had wholly miscon-
ceived his (Mr. JC.'s) argument. He never had
maintained that we had no title beyond forty-nine
degrees—never. What he had maintained was,
that we were estopped by the course of our own
Government from maintaining that our title to 54°
40' was clear and unquestionable.
Mr. HOGE (leave being granted) said he had
understood the gentleman, inliis speech a few days
since, to have assumed the position, based on the
position taken by a distinguished Senator from
Missouri, that by the treaties of 1763 and 1783 we
had assumed the forty-ninth parallel to be our
boundary west from the Rocky mountains.
Mr. BAYLY. I only said that was Mr. Ben-
ton's position, and that 1 expressly declined to pro-
nounce my own opinion upon this point; and lam
so reported.
Mr. HOGE. The gentleman assumed that the
forty-ninth parallel was a wall between us and
Great Britain, which neither party could pass.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. HOGE said he had only heard the speech,
and had not read it as reported. Whether the
gentleman was unfortunate in malting himself
understood as he meant to be, he knew not; but
he understood the gentleman's whole argument to
be based on the position that we had no title north
of 49°. Perhaps, if the gentleman had had more
time to develop his views, be would have said
something to modify this position; but the inex-
orable hammer of ttie chairman cut him off, and
left him south of the forty-ninth degree.
Mr. BAYLY asked leave to say a word further
in reply.
Mr. "PETT1T wanted to move, if it was in or-
der, that all gentlemen who had made doubtful
speeches on the subject be allowed to explain.
Leave being granted to
Mr. BAYLY, he said that the gentleman from
Illinois was not unfortunate in misunderstanding
him (Mr. B.) alone. If that had been the case, the
inference might be drawn that it was the obscurity
of his arguments that had occasioned it. But it
seemed that there was no gentleman who had
spoken whom he did not misunderstand in like
manner; and from this it seemed reasonable to
draw the inference, that it was not the error of
those gentlemen, but of the gentleman himself. As
to the 49th parallel being a wall beyond which we
could not pass, that, was not his language, but Mr.
Benton's. He had quoted it as his, and he had
expressly refrained from expressing any opinion
on the subject.
Mr. Mct'LELLAND renewed the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with the view before indicated by him.
Mr. G. W. JONliS hoped that the House
would go into committee on the joint resolution of
notice.
Mi. 11ATITBUN urged the importance of action
on the hill indicated by Mr. McClullano.
The question having been taken, and decided m
the affirmative, I he 1 louse again resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Tiihhtts of Kentucky, in the chair.)
And on motion of Mr. McCLELLAND, the
committee took up the bill in relation to collectors,
ami other otlrcers of the customs.
And the bill having been read,
Mr. McCLELLAND moved so to amend it in
the first section as to provide that m no cose a
greater than the pro rata of the maximum compen-
sation of the said officers respectively should be
paid, Ac.
Mr. Mc.C. explained that the object of this
amendment, was simply to make the phraseology
of the bill more definite, so that no construction
other than that which was intended should be put
upon it.
The amendment was a^rcd to.
And no farthei proposition to amend be'mgmade,
Mr. McC. mo\ed that the committee rise and
report the bill and amendment to the House; but
waived the motion at the request of
Mr. J. It. INGERSOLL, who moved that the
committee take up the bill in relation to the Pea
Patch island.
Mr. TNGERSOLL said that the bill required
speedy action; it would not take five minutes. It
wnsa bill in lelation to the settlementof the title to
this island, and appropriated only the sum of five
bundled dollars.
Mr. G. W.JONES thought the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. J. R. Ingersoli.] was mistaken
in supposing that the bill would not occupy five
minutes. It proposed to make an appropriation,
and it was his (Mf. J.'s) intention to move to
strike that out.
After some conversation, and an apparent unwil-
lingness on the part of the committee to take up
the bill—
The committee, on motion of Mr. J'ACOB
THOMPSON, rose and reported to the House
(with the amendment) the bill relating to custom-
house officers.
The amendment was concurred in ; and the bill
(having been ordered to a third reading at this .
time) was read a third time, and passed.
The SPEAKER announced the regular business
in order to be the call of the committees for reports,
But Mr. G. W. JONES having submitted a mo-
tion to that effect, which was agreed to, the House
again resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Tibbatts in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the joint
resolution in relation to
OREGON.
Mr. A. JOHNSON addressed the committee
during the allotted hour. It was with no ordinary
degree of diffidence (he said) that he attempted,
upon this occasion, to address the cornmittee on a
subject that was so important to the country; and
particularly so after the House had witnessed the
display, not only of unanswerable arguments, but
of brilliant and commanding eloquence. In at-
tempting to address the committee upon this all-
important question, it would not be his purpose to
add fuel to the flame; but, if possible, to pour oil
on the wave of feelings which had been agitated
and excited upon this question. ^When. they un-
dertook the discussion of a question so important
as the one now presented to the House and the
country, it should be in a spirit of calm delibera-
tion; and they should consider well the conse-
quences that are to follow from the action that is
to be taken by this House upon it. He knew that
since this discussion had commenced they had
heard much of wars and rumors of wars, and that
the passions and feelings of the country had been
addressed to a very great extent. So far as he was
concerned, if he knew the feelings of his own bosom,
he was for peace, if peace could be continued on
honorable terms; but if, in adopting the means
which we believe best calculated to secure peace,
war was to be the result, he was prepared for the
consequences. No member of this committee de-
sired peace more earnestly than he did. Yes; in
the language of high authority, he desired the day
speedily to come, when we shall have " peace on
earth and good will among men" throughout the
entire race. He wished he could hope that the be-
ginning of that glorious era would commence in
his day and generation. If he could believe there
was a reasonable prospect of it, he would now be
found on tiptoe, as it were, stretching his ken to
its utmost tension to discover the streaks of the
dawn of that glorious morning. But as ardently
as he desired peace to his country, he must take
that view of this subject, and that stand upon the
question under consideration, that he believed his
position, and the rights, the interests, and the honor
of his country demanded.
Before he approached the consideration of the
main question presented to the committee, he pro-
posed to go along to brush out of the way some
of what he conceived to be the cohwgbs.that had
been hung around this question. There had been
an attempt during the progress of this discussion
to excite the peculiar prejudices of the country.
They had seen this particularly exhibited by the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] in address-
ing the committee on this subject. Without rely-
ing on argument, without relying on facts as they
exist in the history of this negotiation, the gentle-
man had attempted, as he (Mr. J.) believed, to ex-
cite a prejudice existing on the minds of his con-
stituency, and perhaps extending in some degree
beyond the bounds of his district. What position
had he taken ? IIe had attempted to make the im-
pression on the mind of the country that there was
a particular leader,and champion of this question;
and in this way, while he [Mr. Bayly] had sep-
arated from the policy laid down by the Adminis-
tration, he had attempted to exonerate himself from
he inconsistency and difficulty in which he was
involved, by saying that this question of notice
was a mere question of expediency; and because he
happens to differ with the Executive, or the Ad-
ministration, on a question of expediency, why it
