1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
is no separation at all from the Administration.
Why, on this principle, every question that may
arise for the consideration of the House may be a
question of " expediency." The establishment of a
"national bank may be a question of expediency;
the establishment of a system providing for the
collection, safe-keeping, and disbursement of the
public revenue; the question of the distribution of
the proceeds of the public lands, or the question
of an oppressive and iniquitous tariff, may be by
the same construction declared a question of expe-
diency. He may make indiscriminate war upon
the Administration and all its policy, and then turn
round and say he is guilty of no inconsistency.
And how does the gentleman attempt to cover his
position ? Why, he says if he has separated from
the Administration, who is our leader?—pointing
to the venerable gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams.] I suppose he wishes to hit a pre-
judice made upon the minds of his constituency
in relation to that venerable gentleman, and to con-
sider it a sufficient vindication of his course to say
that those who go for this notice are letl off by
John GIuincy Adams, the venerable gentleman
from Massachusetts. And the gentleman, too,
roads an extract from the speech of the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts to prove what, the
gentleman's position was during the last Congress
—an extract, torn fi-om the context,, conveying a
separate and distinct idea from its fair construction
taken in connexion with the context. That speech
was delivered before the question of notice came
up, upon the bill reported by the chairman of the
Committee on the Territories, for the establish-
, ment of a territorial government, over Oregon. It
was a speech against the bill without the"noliee ;
but in it the gentleman staled that, after mature de-
liberation and reflection, he had at length brought
his nnnd to the conclusion that the notice ongliPto
be given. The gentleman's position wits, thill the
grant of lands—the Inking* possession of the tor-
ntory—the establishment of a territorial govern-
ment—was in direct conflict with the treaty stipu-
lations of our Government under the convention
made in ISliS and renewed in 1R27. In the same
speech, the gentleman expressly stated, th.it after
the notice was given, of which fie was in lavor—
after the expiration of I he twelve months—he would
go oil and make the necessary preparations the
country required for such an emergency ; or lie
would make the provision in advance, to take ef-
fect at the expiration of the notice. *
Mr. BAYLY interposed, and remarked that he
disliked very much to interrupt gentlemen, but,
he could not sit by and allow his whole course of
argument to be misrepresented—unintentionally he
hoped. In referring to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, ho (Mr. B.) had not said one word of
the position of the gentleman during the last Con-
gress, except to quote from his remarks as to the j
effect of a war with England. As to the rest of the
gentleman's [Mr. Johnson 'si remarks, too, he un-
dertook to say that the gentleman wholly misrep-
resented his views—unintentionally he presumed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman specify in
what particular I have misrepresented luin?
JNro response being received—
Mr. J. proceeded. The gentleman had read Mr.
Adams's speech upon (he bill before the notice was
given, in which he argued that the passage of the
bill without the notice, was calculated to lead to
war; and the gentleman from Massachusetts, after
he had made his speech, and when the House
came to act on the bill, came in with his amend-
ment proposing to give the notice, and then he
would be in favor of the subsequent measures.
These were the views of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts at the last session of Congress—these
were his views now.
AVell, when they followed up the speech of the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Baylst] a little fur-
ther, what did he say.' "At all events, if lam
separated from the Administration, who is the
leader of this party in favor of this notice ?"
Mr. BAYLY. I am not the man to follow this
Administration, or any other Administration, when
their measures do not correspond with my own
judgment.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is what the gentleman
said before. 'We all understand that 
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman persists in mis-
stating my points.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am stating the gentleman's
position correctly, and the documeuts will sustain
me in it. The gentleman's scowls or threats have
no terrors for me. "He may go and show his
slaves how choleric he is, and make his bondmen
tremble."
The gentleman (continued Mr. J.) read the ex-
tract from the speech of Mr. Adams, and the in-
ference was clear that he intended to make the
impression on the minds of this House and the
country that it was made upon the question of no-
tice, when that gentleman was distinctly opposing
the bill, unless the notice was included in it; and
when they came to take the speech of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts at the last session, and
his speech at the present session, they found there
was no discrepancy between the two. "Oh, but
the gentleman from Massachusetts," the gentle-
man says, " is our leader!" Was that the course
of great statesmen, representing a portion of the
Old Dominion, to attempt to rely on a flimsy pre-
text and subterfuge—if he might be allowed the
remark—to justify himself in the eyes of his con-
stituents for his separation from the Administra-
tion, that Toitn* CIiiimcy Adams was for this meas-
ure, and therefore he differed from the Adminis-
tration, and went against it? Now, the true state
of the case, they found, when they came to exam-
ine the record, was, that it was not the measure
of John Qafincy Ad\ms*. for when that gentleman
offered his amendment, it was rejected by this
Mouse. Who, then, came forward with this prop-
osition of notice? Was it a Massachusetts mem-
ber?—a northern man'—a western man' Who did
it? It was Mr. IIammf.tt, of Mississippi. Yes,
it was a southern man who offered the amend-
ment to the bill, which was adopted by this
[rouse. They found that, on the adoption of that
amendment, the honorable gentleman fiom Mas- i
sachusetU voled for it, the honorable gentleman >
from Virginia voted against it; but when it was in- j
corporaled, and had become n part of the bill, on '
the final passage of the bill, where did the g-en- ;
lleman IVom Virginia stand ' Why, he was so de- i
termined not to be found with the gentleman from
Massachusetts, right or wrong, that he flew the ,
tnick: lie would neither go behind nor before him;
but lie bolted, and did not vole at all. Yet tile
question was n question of " expediency. "
The gentleman from Virginia, and most, gentle-
men who were against the notice, told them that
the whole of Oregon is ours; that our title is clear
and unquestionable; but when they are called upon
to act—to take some measure for the vindication
of these indisputable rights—why then they turn
round and fold their arriis, and decline to do any-
thing. They move in a circle, and end just where
they begun—doing nothing. They form'what mav
be called the do-nothing party in this House. It
reminded him of an anecdote respecting a little,
town council composed of three Irishmen. They
got. together; they saw it was necessary to do
something for the town; and found it was'import-
ant to build a jail. They introduced and adopted
a set of resolutions; the fiist, " Revolved, That we
deem it expedient and proper to build a jail within
the corporate limits of this town," (specifying the
name of the town;) llie second, " Resolved, That
the new jail be built out of the materials of the old
one;" and the third, " Resolved, That the old jail ii
shall not be torn down vnlil the neie one is built." "
So gentlemen in opposition to this notice moved in
a circle; they resolved that Oregon is ours, and
that proper measures be taken to secure it; but
when they came to action, they could agree on no j
measures, and contented themselves with doin  '
nothing. °
But, as they went along with their southern
fiiends, (and he wished it to bo distinctly under-
stood that he was a southern man in his associa-
tions and feelings; but while ho was a southern
man, he was an American,) as they traced the pro- I
gross of the debate, they came to the speech of the [
honorable gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Yan- !
cuv.] Mr. J. spoke in high terms of the prepos- I
sessions and of the favorable opinions he had !
formed of the gentleman's eloquence and talents; '
but when the gentleman delivered that speech, he i
confessed his veiy soul yearned with regret—not
for its effects upon the country, but that such bril-
liant intellect, such superior talent and commanding
eloquence, should be employed on the wrong side
of this question. The gentleman said:
"All this would be blighted by war. California
' would be lost to us. A debt of five hundred mil-
' lions would be imposed upon the country. The
' paper system in its worst form will necessarily
' have been imposed upon us. The pension list—
' that spring of life and immortality to patriotic
* valor—would be almost indefinitely increased."
Now (continued Mr. J.) what does this mean?
That because, in consequence of two wars—one to
achieve the independence of the country, the other
to perpetuate it—a few individuals who had become
so disabled in the service of their country as to be
unable to procure the means of subsistence in their
declining years, had been thrown upon a small
pension, it was to be made a subject of cant, and
they were to be told that nobody would embark in
another war unless in the hope of a mere mercenary
compensation! Did the gentleman believe there
was no patriotism in the country—that there were
not millions who would rush to the defence of her
honor and her interests in the hour of her peril,
regardless of all personal, sordid considerations.'
But his colleague, [Mr. Cocke,j who had ad-
dressed the committee at an earlier stage of the de-
bate, had labored to show the inconsistency of the
democracy on this question. He had read vari-
ous extracts to show the position the leaders of the
democracy occupied on the Oregon question; and
he had read an extract from the speech of Governor
Brown, of Tennessee, at the last session of Con-
gress, who was then chairman of the Committee
on the Territories in this House, to show that he
had at that time argued that the giving this notice
properly belonged to the Executive, under the
powers conferred upon him by the Constitution,
and that other gentlemen then concurred with him
who no%v held that Congress and the President
were the proper source from which this notice was
to proceed. The question, then, was merely from
what quarter the notice should proceed. But was
there any discrepancy, any conflict as to tile main
question of the propriety of giving this notice'
But his colleague had further gone on to show
that the President of the United States had, in
former times, maintained that our title was clear
and unquestionable to the whole of Oregon: and
lie thought it extraordinary that James K. Polk
should now, after taking that ground duimg the
last summer, have offeied to the British Govern-
ment to compromise on the parallel of 49 (iegiees.
I le thinks it a remarkable, a strange inconsistency
Fie wished, in that connexion, that his colleague
had told the House and the country what line he
was for. He should like to have the gentleman
give them his position now, if he was in his seat.
Mr. COCKE rose for the purpose of explana-
tion. He thought (he said) that our title to the 49th
degree was clear, and believed that all north of that
line was a fit subject for compromise. He thought
that his colleague, instead of finding fault with ilia
speech, would find a wide field for the employ-
ment of all his logical powers in reconciling the
position of his new ally [Mr. Adams] in 1818,
1824, and 1826, with his present position ; in recon-
ciling the Baltimore resolutions, assuming our title
to the whole of Oregon as " clear and unquestion-
able," with the position of the present Executive
during the last summer, in offering to give away
one-lutlf of that territory ; in reconciling the po-
sition of the late, chanm.in of the Committee on
the Territories, [Mr. A. V. Brown,] denying the
power of Congress to give this notice, with the
position of the present friends of the Executive;
in reconciling an article which appeared in the
Union a few days since, declaring that the propo-
sition of Mr. Adams in 1826, which offered the 49th
degree as a permanent boundary, with the further
concession of the free navigation of the Columbia
river, was fair and equitable, with the present
position of the Executive and the Baltimore reso-
lutions.
Mr. JOHNSON continued. He understood,
then, that the gentleman was now willing to com-
promise on the line of 49°. After the whole tenor
of his speech had gone to show and to prove to the
country that the Executive had involved himself
in an inconsistency, he marches up and agiees with
the President in that which he professed to con-
sider so great an inconsistency. For his (Mr. J. :s)
own part, he intended to follow neither the Presi-
dent or anybody else in any indirection or depart-
ure from the true line of policy. But how did the
President stand ? Why, he was sustained ill his
strong position—the line of 54° 40'—by the De-
mocracy, while on the weak points the Whi°-s
came in and supported him. "VV'hs there ever an
Administration better sustained than this? The Ex-
