292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
Fairfield, Greene, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson
of. Louisiana, Le^vis, MeDuffie, Mau^um, Miller,
jNllcs, Pearce, Phelps, Simmons, Upham. and
Woodbridge—2,3.
i\ A Y;S—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Ath-
erton, Bagby, Breeso, Calhoun, Cass, (Chalmers,
Dickinson, Dix, Hanne aii, Jenness, Pennyback-
cr, Sevier, Speight, Sturgeon, Turney, Westcott,
and Yulee—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then reported to the
Senate, and, on motion of Mr. SEVIER, by yeas
20, nays 19, the bill -\yas laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent thciein, adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 2, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness m order would be the call of the States far
resolutions.
OREGON.
Mr. DARG A.N rose and asked leave at this time
to present a resolution.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF expressed the hope that
the States would be called in their order for reso-
lutions. This was resolution day, and the gentle-
man's time would come.
The resolution, in obedience to a general call,
\vas read for information, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Utilled States of America in Congi ess assuiibled,
That the differences existing between the Govern-
ment of the United States and the Government of
Great Britain, in relation to the Oregon territory,
are still the subject of honorable negotiation and
compromise, and should be so adjusted.
Sue. 2. Jlndbe it further resolved, That the line
separating the British provinces of Canada from
the United States should be extended due west to
the coast south of Frazer's river, and from thence
through the centre of the Straits of Fuca to the
Pacific ocean, giving to the Uniled States that por-
tion of the territory south, and to the Government
of Great Britain that portion of the territory north,
of said line.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF objected.
Miv BOWL1N rose to ask leave to give a no-
tice.
The SPEAKER said, in referring to Mr. Dar-
gax's resolution, that it could only be received by
general consent, or under a suspension of tiic
rules.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON asked Mi-.Bhinkekhoj f
to withdraw his objection to the reception of the
resolution. Mr. II. presumed that the object of
the mover was merely to have the resolution print-
ed, as others had been, as an amendment to the
pending propositions in relation to Oregon.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF supposed that it had
been the object of the mover of the resolution to
press action upon it at this time. But if such was
not the gentleman's object, he (Mr. B.) would
withdraw his objection.
Mr. DARGAN was understood to say (though
the confusion was so great in the hall that the re-
porter does not know that Mr. D. did say) that his
object was to have the resolution printed, and re-
fen ed to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. ,
Mr. BRINKERHOFF thereupon withdrew his
objection.
Air. PETTIT rose to order, and stated that he
objected to the introduction of the resolution at
this time.
Whereupon a motion was made that the rules of
the House be suspended, to enable the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Dargan] to introduce his res-
olution.
And the question on that motion was taken, and
decided in the affirmative, (two-thirds having voted
therefor.) "
So the rules were suspended, and the resolution
being thus before the House— _
Mr. PETTIT was understood to indicate de-
bate. ■ , , .
Mr. McCONNELL moved the previous ques-
tion
The SPEAKER said that that motion would
cut off the motion to commit, and bring the House
to a direct vote on the adoption of the resolution.
So Mr. McCONNELL withdrew the demand.
Whereupon the question was on referring the
resolution to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordering it to be primed.
Mr. PETTIT suggested that the resolution
would give gentlemen an opportunity to amend
their speeches.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH asked the yeas and
nays; which "were refused.
And the question being taken, the resolution
was refeired to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. TIBBATTS rose and asked leave to intro-
duce a resolution, "which, he said, he desired at the
proper time to oiler as u substitute for the resolu-
tion now under discussion in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. His desire was,
that the resolution be printed, and referred to that
committee. The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
forthwith cause notice to be given to the Govern-
ment of Cheat Britain that the convention between
the United Suites and Great Britain concerning
the territory of Oregon, of the sixth of August,
eighteen hundred and twenty-seven, signed at
London, shall be annulled and abrogated at the
expiration of the term of twelve months from and
after the time said notice shall be given, conform-
ably to the second article of said convention; and
that the President of the United States accompany
said notice with an assuiance to the Government
of Great -Britain of the sincere desire which exists,
on the part of the Govcj nment of the United States,
for the speedy and amicable settlement of all dis-
putes between the two Governments in relation to
thetemtory of Oregon, and of the earnest desire
by which this Government is animated of main-
taining the peace of the world, and of consolida-
ting; the relations of £;ood understanding which so
luppiiy exist between the two Governments.
Sec. 2. Jhxd be it further resolved, That the Pres-
ident of the United States is hereby authorized to
repel any and all aggressions upon the commerce
of the United States; to resist any attempt whi<2h
may be made to exercise exclusive jurisdiction
over any part of the territory claimed by the Uni-
ted States, and to rcpellnvasions of the same; and
for these purposes to employ such portions of the
militia of the United States as he may deem ad-
visable, agreeably to the provisions of the second
and third sections of an act entitled " An act giv-
ing to the President of the United States addition-
al powers for the defence of the United States, in
certain eases, against invasion, and for other pur-
poses,approved the third of March, eighteen
hundred and thhty-nmc; to accept the services of
any number of \olunteers not exceedin.
thousand, to serve during the war, or for any
less period, in the manner provided for by an act
entitled "An act authorizing the President of the
United States to accept the services of volunteers,
and to raise an additional regiment of dragoons
or mounted riflemen," approved the twenty-third
of May, eighteen hundred and thirty-six; to em-
ploy the regular military force of the United States,
and to expand and increase the same to any num-
ber not exceeding thousand men; to com-
plete the public armed vessels now authorized by
law; and to equip, man, and employ in actual ser-
vice all the naval force of the United States, and
to build, purchase, or charter, arm, equip, and
man such vessels and steamboats as he shall deem
necessary for the purposes aforesaid.
Sec. 3. Jindhe it further i esolved, That the sum
of nnllions of dollars is hereby appropria-
ted and placed at the disposal of the'President of
the United Slates, for the purpose of executing
the piovisious aforesaid; to provide for which the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to borrow
money on the credit of the United States, and to
cause certificates to be issued therefor, agreeably
to the provisions of the fifth section of the act
aforesaid, approved March third, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-nine.
Mr. ASHJvlUN rose and objected to the recep-
tion of the resolution.
The SPEAKER then again announced that the
business in order was the call of the States for re-
solutions.
Mr. TIBBATTS desired to say, that he had of-
fered this resolution, merely as other gentlemen
had offered others.
The SPEAKER. There is no question pending.
Objection has been made to the reeeption of the
resolution.
Mr. TIBBATTS said, if the gentleman persist-
ed in his objection, he (Mr. T.) would he under
the necessity of moving a suspension of the rules.
And, Mr. Ashmun persisting in his objection,
Mr. T. submitted that motion.
The yeas and nays were asked, and refused.
And the question having then been taken, and two-
thirds voting therefor, the rules were suspended.
Mr. TIBBATTS then submitted the motion he
had indicated, which having befen agreed to,
The resolution was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. PETTIT rose and asked leave to offer a
resolution, not, he said, about Oregon, but about
the territory on the northwest coast of America
west of the Stony or Rocky mountains.
The resolution was read as follows:
jResolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of .America in Congress as-
sembled, That the President of the United States
forthwith cause notice to be given to the Govern-
ment of Great Britain, that the convention between
the United States of America and Great Britain,
concerning the territory on the northwest coast of
America, west of the Stony or Rocky mountains,
of the sixth day of August eighteen hundred and
twenty-seven, signed at London, shall be annulled
and abrogated twelve months after giving said
notice.
Objection having been made to its reception,
Mr. PETTIT moved a suspension of the rules.
And the question having been taken, the vote
stood, ayes 45, noes 36.
No quorum voting.
The House for a few moments did not seem to
comprehend the character of the announcement,
and a sort of pause in its proceedings occurred for a
moment; when
Mr. PETTIT said he would move a reconsider-
ation of the vote just taken, and was proceeding to
remark [as the reporter thinks, for hearing on the
left of the Chair was out Of the question] that the
resolution merely covered the words' of the treaty;
whereupon
Mr. McCONNELL suggested that it could not
be nccessary to reconsider the vote, because no
quorum had voted, and therefore no decision had
been arrived at.
The SPEAKER here remarked that there was
no doubt that a quorum had not voted ; but the
Chair would suggest that all these propositions
might be appropriately brought in, if the House
passed to the regular business of the day, which
was the call of the States for resolutions.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF called for the orders of
the day.
Mr. WINTHROP rose, and said that he de-
sired to ask the general consent of the House to
allow J^im to present a document, which, he was
sure, if the House would give its ear for a single
moment, would be found not without interest to
cvciy member.
Mr. PETTIT submitted that his resolution was
the first question in order; and, inasmuch .as 116
quorum h&d voted on the motion to suspend the
rules, he demanded a recount.
The SPEAKER said that was the first question.
Mr. WINTHROP. I think the honorable gen-
tleman himself, if he will hear me, will allow
me 
Mr. PETTIT. Not until this question is dis-
posed of.
Mr. SCHENCK desired to be informed by,the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Pettit] whether his
object was merely to have the resolution commit-
ted ftnd printed.
Mr. PETTIT said that was all.
The question on the motion to suspend-the raks
was then retaken: and two-thirds having voted in
the affirmative, the rules were suspended. *''
So the resolution was introduced.
And, on motion of Mr. PETTIT,. it was referred
to the Committee of the Whole oil- the state of the
Union.
THE FAMILY OF CAPTAIN GRAY. *
Mr. WINTHROP, who had retard
