296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
the outset of the late negotiations. Mr. Calhoun
said in his letter to Mr. Pakenham, of September
3, 1844, and the position was not controverted by
Mr. Pakenham, that—
" We are then, as admitted by Lord Castlereagh,
' entitled to be considered as the party in posses-
' sion ; and "the convention which stipulated that
' the territory should be free and open for the term
' of ten years from the date of its signature to the
' vessels, citizens, and subjects of the two coun-
' tries, without prejudice to any claim which either
' party may have to any part of the same, preserved
' and perpetuated all our claims to the territory, in-
' eluding the acknowledged right to be considered
' the party in possession, as perfectly during the
* period of its continuance as they were the day the
' convention was signed. Of this there can be no
' doubt."
We are, then, at this moment the party in pos-
session; we are entitled to possession; we are the
party in possession; and when we connect that with
the statement of Messrs. Huskisson and Adding-
ton, British commissioners in 1826, how do the
parties standThey say:
" Great Britain claims no exclusive sovereignty
' over any portion of that territory. Her present
' claim, not in respect to any part, but to the whole,
' is limited to a right of joint occupancy in common
' with other States, leaving the right of exclusive
' dominion in abeyance."
Now, then, we have the right of possession;
they claim exclusive sovereignty over no part of
that territory. What, then, is the exact position
of the parties under the convention of 1818 ? We
were then the party in possession; she sets up no
claim of exclusive sovereignty, and inevitably she
can be put in no other attitude than that of receiv-
ing from us franchises; we being in possession,
give her citizens the same privileges enjoyed by our
citizens. She claiming no exclusive possession,
and wo being in possession, and having the right
of possession, in what position will the notice place
her? We give the notice and terminate the treaty;
these franchises of course terminate; and instead
of we being the aggressor, as maintained by the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhjstt,]
should she attempt to thwart our law, to resist us,
she will be the party aggressing upon us. They
have already agreed that we are the party in pos-
session, that they claim no exclusive possession ;
and when we give this notice we throw ourselves
back in the precise position we occupied in 1818
and in 1827. We will then necessarily pass our
laws and extend our jurisdiction over Oregon; and
not only that, but we are not necessarily called on
to drive out every English subject there. Then-
officers cannot exercise jurisdiction, but at the
same time their citizens will stand in the Oregon
territory, while our relations continue of a friendly
character, in the same position that English sub-
jects remain in this city. But suppose that Gov-
ernment sends thither regiments of dragoons, takes
possession of those forts which are now the forts
of the country, and hangs out h'er flag from them:
then we assume military possession of the country,
and not till then.
Then, if this is the position into which the par-
ties are thrown, as we have the most perfect right
under the treaty, and, as it is so stipulated that we
can give the notice at any time, what reason can
they urge if we give the notice, why it should be
considered a cause of offencc ? He defied gentle-
men to give the opinion of any British statesman
who occupicd a position of responsibility^ that the
notice would be a just cause of war. No; it is a re-
served risht. We state to the British government
that " this territory, which we were willing to oc-
cupy in common m times gone by; that the circum-
stances have changed in reference to it; that our
settlers have gone there; they will go there; we are
perfectly willing to have them go there; and we
want to know where our boundaries are; we are
unwilling to hold out the inducement to them to
go and settle on your territory. In order to avoid
future difficulties between us, we want to termi-
nate the treaty, and draw the line distinctly be-
tween us." Could any gentleman say this would
be war ? It has been assumed on all hands—omit
to give the notice, and pass your bills granting
titles to your settlers, securing them homes and
protection, and there will be war, and a war for
which there will be some plausible pretence that
we have attempted to seize and take exclusive
possession of a territory secured to her joint oc-
cupancy with us. War may come under the
notice; the British Government may take offence
at our stubbornness; she may say we demand too
much; our demands are such as she will never
yield to; but if a stubborn and hostile spirit should
rale the hour, and we be involved in war, it will
be consolatory to every member on this floor that
he has followed the line which honor and good
faith point out; that he has acted in accordance
with the reserved rights we possess; that he has
not wantonly violated the obligations of honor and
justice.
Then he said that the notice, instead of being a
war measure, was the only honorable peaceful
measure; and assuming that the people of the Uni-
ted States, their nuisteis, demand some action of
them—some earnest of what they intend to do to
show that tlicy were for Oregon—they could only
take that step. He had voted against giving the
notice last year, and when it was inserted in the
hill, he did not vote at all. He did right then, in
Ins judgment; and he should now, with equal con-
fidence in the correctness of his course, vote for
the notice. At that time there was a pending ne-
gotiation. It was understood daily that it would
soon be brought to a close. Both Houses of Con-
gress called for the correspondence. The Execu-
tive declined to give it; and then it was that he
used this expression in his speech, which would
justify him, at all events, for the vote which he
should now give:
"I object to this amondment, because this
1 House has called for the correspondence, which
' we all know has taken place between our Secre-
' tary of State and the British Minister, and that
' correspondence has not vet been communicated
' to us. When it comes, if1 it appears that England
' is evading the settlement of this Oregon contro-
1 versy, if she delays determination for frivolous
' causes, I shall cheerfully vote it. as my opinion
' that it is the duty of tiie President to give the
' notice which determines the joint occupancy.
' But till then, for my own part, I hope this ques-
' tion will not be piessed."
What did the President now say to us? That
he has made a most liberal proposition; that he
has offered to concede everything which he could
justify to his conscience or to the people. And,
how was that proposition received ? It was su-
perciliously rejected. The British Minister re-
turned it, saying that he could not receive it; and
that—
"The undersigned, therefore, trusts that the
' American plenipotentiary will be prepared to
' offer some further proposal for the settlement of
' the Oregon question more consistent with fair-
' ness and equity, and with the reasonable expec-
* tations of the British Government."
Then he took these points: that for us to extend
to our settlers in Oregon the laws which we all say
their situation demands, to give to them magis-
trates and protection, and, above all, the homes
they seek, without bringing this treaty to a termi-
nation, will be considered by the British Govern-
ment—will be considered by a large portion of
their people, taking as the index of their senti-
ments the expressions of some of their statesmen—
a gross violation of existing ticaty stipulations.
Then it is that we cover ourselves wilh dishonor,
and involve ourselves in war—clearly in a war of
disgrace.
He said, then, that we can give this notice with-
out giving the reasons for it; but we have ample
reasons. The circumstances of the country are
changed; our citizens arc now settling it.; they
will settle; and we do not intend to stop their set-
tling; and it is necessary for us to know how much
of the territory we arc entitled to, and to draw the
line distinctly between the two Governments.
Then if war come, we have to say, let it come;
we are not going to start back from our just posi-
tion by fear; we have our rights, and we intend to
assert them.
But it had been said on all sides, and particu-
larly by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] that there will be no war; and he did not
know whether he correctly understood the gentle-
man that Great Britain would not go to war for
Oregon, because if she did she would lose all Ore-
gon and all the territory north of this Capitol. But
Mr. T. argued that we could never suppose that
her councils would he influenced by such con-
siderations. Interest could control the British
Parliament; fear, never. And we could make no
calculation that she was to be driven from her po-
sition by fear.
But Mr. T. proceeded to say that there were
many reasons why Great Britain would not go to
war; and the great one which he mentioned, was
her interests; she would see that her interests
would be best promoted by remaining at peace. -
Her interests had a powerful, control over her
Government. It was m such a commercial Gov-
ernment, and all commercial governments were
under the control of their interests; and were ne-
cessarily selfish. The bond, then, which required
her to Keep the peace was the cotton crop of the
Union. By the annexation of Texas, this Gov-
ernment controls nine-tenths of .all the cotton-
growing interests throughout the world. By a
war with the United States, Great Britain would
ncccssarily lose the direct trade with this Govern-
ment in this great leading staple. The continental
powers of Europe equalled if not surpassed Great
Britain in the manufacture of all other arljcles ex-
cept cotton; but by the superiority of her ma-
chinery and of her skill, she had almost the mo-
nopoly of the markets of the world for her cottoa
manufactures. The cotton from the United States
now goes to Liverpool, and the continental powers
get their cotton there. But break-the connexion
by war, you carry our cotton to the continent, the
amount will necessarily be lessened, but they wilS
be enabled to get their cotton cheaper, and she will
be compelled to procure h'er cotton of them. You
thus strike a deadly blow to her commercial supe-
riority, and the markets of the world. There was
a disposition, this moment, in England, to open
their markets to our corn, our wheat, and bread-
stuffs; and he hoped, before the rising of this
Congress, there would be a disposition manifested
to open our ports more liberally to all the nations
of the earth. England would here' see a strong
argument for peace; and when she reflects that her
interests are so intimately interwoven with ours,
and which would be broken off and separated by
war, her interests for peace will be larger than any
motives she may have for war, arid lie believed
they would decide the question and cause the beam
to kick for peace.
There was also another great ; consideration
which was suggested to' him why she should de-
sire to keep peace with us, and that was, the
amount of indebtedness of this country tc tliat—
all which would necessarily stop the yery moment
the declaration of war was made.
When he added together these interests in behalf
of peace, and the interests m favor of war, the bal-
ance was so great in favor of peace that he did not
fear that Great Britain would listen to the extrava-
gant speeches of gentlemen on this floor, threaten-
ing to lick Great Britain, and our eagle to conquer
her lion. These had been brilliant declamations;
he had no part to take in them. He had no idea
that thpse war speeches would have an influence
on her if we acted on the principle of honor; if we
demanded only our clear, acknowledged, and re-
served rights, by giving notice for the termination
of this convention, and asking her to fix distinctly
the line between us, that our settlers may know
where to plant themselves.
But it was said that we should have no war be-
cause James K. Polk would back out. Those
who made this assertion knew not the man. They
professed not to know who he was during the can-
vass, but he thought they had found him out. He
was a man of iron nerve, of great sternness of
character; and he looied upon him as being the
last man who would yield or back out. But he
thought this question was theirs, and he hoped
they would not back out, or attempt to throw over
upon him the responsibility.
Gentlemen in this debate had said a great deal
about the section of the country in which he lived;
that they were opposed to a war because of its dis-
astrous consequences to the South. There was no
section of this Union, he presumed, which would
feel more heavily the weight of war; yet this in-
discriminate assault upon the South was unwor-
thy of gentlemen; this assumption that it w&s.a sec-
tional question—that it was a northern question-
was ridiculous and absurd. The question was as
much a southern as a northern question; it camft
home as nearly to his heart as to ;ie heart of any
gentleman on this floor. Gentlemen should remem-
ber that there may be differences - of opinion.be-
tween individuals from different sections t>( the
Union; but, as regards the South, they have Jieyer
