1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
been actuated by any such narrow and contracted
considerations whenever national interests are in-
volved. In every national dispute, the South has
always been with the country; in the assertion of
our rights, she has always been first and foremost
in their defence. And he disliked very much that
those gentlemen with whom he acted—with whom
he would go heart and hand in asserting, under ex-
isting treaty stipulations, all our fights, in carry-
ing forward our interests, and maintaining our
honor—he disliked exceedingly to see these men,
whose honor he knew, whose hearts he knew wert
for the country, and who had no sectional feelings
when national interests were at stake—to see it
suspected that their feelings and opinions were
colored by the section of the country from which
they came. It is unjust and utterly unworthy any
member on this floor to cast such an imputation on
them.
He might be considered a western as well as a
southern man. All jhis interests and feelings were
with the South, but his location was in the valley
of the Mississippi, which was one day to be the
heart of the country, and whose people are the first
to go to Oregon, 'rheir principles and their feel-
ings, then, demanded of them that they should do
all they eould in honor to make them feel that they
are American citizens, and that they are under the
protection and defence of the Government of the
Unted States, after they have emigrated to Oregon,
so far as that protection and defence can bo ex-
tended to them.
He hud thus expressed his views, as he thought,,
clearly. It had not been his purpose to contro-
vert t he positions taken by gentlemen on this floor.
He had contented himself with stating his own
position, and the reasons which induced him to
believe! that the course lie had avowed himself in
favor of, was that dictated by sound policy and a
due regard to the honor of the comitiy. If war
was to come out of the present didieuItioH, firm
action was demanded; but this notice, was the
means by which, if it eould be avoided, it would
be avoided, and it was the oniyVneans, unless they
contented themselves to do nolltin"-, to leave the
country, to leave our people who are now enii-
grating to Oregon under the guardianship mid pro-
tection of themselves. They have their American
hearts; they will form then ou n eminent; and
they will cross the mountains, and they will no
doubt defend themselves. But as they settle, they
want to know whether they are settling 011 soil to
which wo have it title, or on soil which will be
surrendered. But the only means of pcace, be-
side giving the notice., is to do nothing, to abandon
the country. Would gentlemen call that an hon-
orable pence? If so, they must have peculiar and
singular notions of honor different from those ho
had. lie considered that that, would lie, a dis-
graceful peace, a cowardly peace. It would be a
shrinking back from the assertion of our acknowl-
edged rights; and the time had not come « hen this
Government, strong and athletic as she is, was to
shrink back from the maintenance of her just rights.
When wo had not failed to vindicate them, and
successfully, too, with a population of three mil-
lions, in 1776, of eight millions, in 1812, should we
now, with a population of over twenty millions,
in ldlC, ignominiously shrink buck from defend-
ing them? He could say for himself, as he said
to his constituents on the buslines, that, he would
pledge his constituents to stand by the assertion
of our rights in Oregon; and he knew that they
would stand by the country, and that they would
take the consequences. They required him to go
forward in the path of honor, of right, and of jus-
tice ; and if gentlemen were afraid of war being the
consequenec of such a course, he told them that
the people of the United States would take the
consequenccs, and they would abide the issue of a
firm and manly defence of national rights and na-
tional honor.
Mr. T. having concluded,
Mr. LEAKE obtained the floor, and moved that
the committee rise, (not having his papers, &e.,
with him.)
On which motion no quorum voted.
The committee, thereupon, rose, and reported
the fact to the House.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved that there be a
call of the House.
A motion to adjourn was made, and—by yeas
62, nays 87—was rejected.
A .motion for the call of the House wa  rejcctcd.
Mr. S. JONES asked leave to lay on the table
an amendment, by way of addition to the joint res-
olution of notice reported from the Committee on
Foreign Affair*.
The SPEAKER said that a quorum being now
present, the first question would be on going back
into committee.
The House declared that it would not go back
into committee, but that it would adjourn.
So the House adjourned.
IjNT SENATE.
Tuesday, Februanj 3, 1846.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a com-
munication from the Department of War, accom-
panied by an abstract of the returns of the militia of
the United States, with their arms, accoutrements,
and ammunition, taken from the latest returns re-
ceived; which,
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, was referred
to the Committee on the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a communication from the Department of
War, accompanied hya map of Florida, prepared
by the Bureau of Topographical Engineers; which
was laid on the table.
Mr. YULEE moved tliat the above map be en-
graved: which motion lies over.
Mr. Y. also presented the petition of Wm. Mar-
vin, praying the confirmation of his title to a tract
of land in Florida; which was referred to the Com-
miftee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. ARCHER presented thirteen memorials of
citizens of the United States, praying an amend-
ment of the naturalization laws, so as to require
twenty-one years'residence, of the Mien befoie lie
shall be entitled to exercise the elective franchise:
winch were, referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary,
Mr. JOHN M. CLAYTON picsrmted the mo-
moiial of masters of \essels and other* interested,
praying that New Castle, in the State of Delaware,
ma v be made n port of entry, by unburn* said town
unit Wilmington, m the same State; winch was
referred to the Committee on Commeire.
Mr. TllOAI \H CL \ YTON presented a memo-
rial upon the same subject ; which was also refer-
red to the ('ommitiee on Commerce.
Mr. DICKINSON presented se\eral memorials
from shipmasters and others en^a^ed m the navi-
gation of the lakes, praying that Cattaraugus har-
bor may be finished and lighted; which were refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce.
Air. YULEF presented the- petition of Joshua
Appleby, praying remuneration for property de-
stroyed by the destruction of a light-house at Sond
Key, Florida, of which he was keeper; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Air. 01X. presented two petitions of shipmaster,
praying the completion and It^htin^ of Cattaraugus
inn-bow which were referral to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. D. Mso presented the memorial of fifty citi-
zens of Tio«;u county. New York, m relation to
cei tain Tmiian treaties: winch was referred to the
Committee on Indian Atlairs.
Air. UJMFAM presented a petition numerously
signed by citizens of Montpelier, Vermont, pray-
ing (lie p'assa^e of a law or adoption of measures
for the, establishment of a eonvjes^ of nations to
aibitratc and adjust all international ditikulties;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign ,
Relations. ;
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Mary I>.
ilook,-widow of James }L Tlook, deceased, late -
an officer in the army of the United States, pray- 1
ins: compensation for his services in the bureau for ,
emiirratm<; Indians, in 1^3.) and 1K3G; which was '
referred to the Committee of Claims. j
Air. CALHOUN rose to present the memorial '
of the Memphis convention. The document was, '
he remarked, drawn up with crcat ability, and ■
presented a full view of the important subjects j
which occupied the deliberations ofthe contention. j
In presenting the memorial, he would take the op- j
porlumty to state that there were some of its re-
commendations which did not come within his
view of the constitutional powers of Congress; and
there were others based en grounds in which he
could not rujree. But in all the other points of the
memorial, he entirely concurred. He moved that
it be printed for the use of the Senate, and referred
to a select committee of five.
The motion was then put, and agreed to.
The PRESIDENT appointed Messrs. Cal-
houn, Atcheson, Semple, Barrow, and Chal-
mers, members of said select committee.
Mr. ALLEN presented the petition of Robert
and William Armstrong, praying compensation
for services performed as spies in the army of
General Wayne, in 1793; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Air. BRIGHT presented additional documents
in relation to the claim of the president and pro-
fessors of William and Mary's college; which
were referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented additional docur
ments in relation to the petition of Edward Bolon;
which were referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. W. also presented a document in relation
to lands granted to the Suite of Florida, for pur-
poses of seminaries of learning and common
schools; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Air. W. further presented the report of the At-
torney General of the State of Florida, m relation
to the boundary line of said State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported "A bill granting a
pension to Joseph Alorrison;" which bill was read,
a first time, and, with the report accompanying the
same, ordered to be printed.
Air. .T. also asked that said committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the pe-
tition of James Low, and that the same be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affaiis; which was or-
dered.
Air. JARNAG1N, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
A. R. S. Hunter, for lemuneiation for supplies fur-
nished to Cherokee Indians, made an adverse rc-
poit thereon; whi h was laid on the table, and or-
dered to 1)0 printed.
Mr. TT A NNEGAN", from the Committee on
ltoads and Canals, to whom was referred "A bill
for the improvement of the western waters," re-
ported the same, with several amendments; which
were read, and ordered to he punted.
Air. BREESE, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, repotted without amendment the bill to
amend the act entitled "An act for the regulation
of seamen on board the public and private armed
vessels of the United Suites," passed Alay 13th,
18K1, accompanied by a report; which was ordered
to he printed.
Mr. FA1RFTELD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was icferred the report of the
Secretary of the Navy, made agreeably to law,
showing the names of clerks in that Department,
<X-c., made a leport. thereon; which was laid on the
table, and indexed to be punted.
M. F. also a^ked that said committee be ais-
ehai^cd from the further consideration of the me-
morial of Jonathai^Pliompson and others, of New
Yoi k city, and tl(& the same be referred to the
Committee on Commerce; which was ordered.
Mr. F. also, from the sam^ committee, to whom
w as referred the petition of Henry Eitin^, a purser
in the navy of the United States, reported a bill for
his relief;* which was read a first time, and, to-
gether with the accompanying lepoil, was ordered
to be printed.
Mr, TUitNEY, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom was referred the resolutions of the State
ofGcoraia, in relation to her claims against the
United States, asked that said committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, from the memorial of Frederick Vincent, and
that the same be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims; which was so ordered.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
following resolution, presented a few days since
by Mr. Pearce:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of causing
to be. published for the use of the Government of
the United States 150 additional copies of the sci-
entific works of the Exploring Expedition, now in
course of preparation and publication.
Mr. PEARCE said he would explain briefly the
object of the resolution, which was one of inquiry
merely. When the Exploring Expedition returned
to the United States, in 1842, Congress passed an
act directing the publication of the discoveries
