298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
m.ide by the expedition, after the manner of the
Astrolabe voyage, published by the French Gov-
ernment, and limited the number o? copies to one
hundred,' the whole to be under the supervision
and control of the Joint Committee on the Library.
It was not thought expedient to publish the jour-
nals of the different officers of the expedition,
which would have made an undigested mass of
matter. But all these journals having been deliv-
ered up for the use of the Government, the Library
Committee employed Captain Wilkes, the com-
mander of the expedition, to write a narrative of
the expedition. This has been done, and the Gov-
ernment has been supplied with one hundred cop-
ies. By an arrangement with Mr. Tappan, form-
erly a member of the Senate and of the Library
Committee, and its agent, Captain Wilkes was
authorized to have the remainder of the token—
that is, one hundred and fifty copies—printed for
his own use, he paying throe-fifths of the expense
of the paper and printing. He has also published
on his own account two smaller editions of the
narrative; and it is proper to say that he has lib-
erally supplied them to the public at very reduced
prices.
The public thus having access to the narrative,
my resolution does not look to the publication, for
the Government, of any more copies of that work.
It contemplates a publication of the scientific works
prepared by the civilians attached to the expedi-
tion. The primary objects of the expedition were
such as might be promotive of the commerce and
navigation of the country. And next to these it
was desired to extend the bounds of science, and
promote the acquisition of knowledge generally.
The result has been, the preparation of about 250
surveys and charts, of great value to our navy and
commercial marine, and the collection of large
stores in the different departments of natural his-
tory, which excced in richness and variety the
collections made by similar expeditions sent out
by the Governments of France and England. The
reports of the members of the scientific corps are
in preparation; and, indeed, one of them has been
published. Iam safe in saying that these publi-
cations will give reputations to the authors, and do
honor to the science of the country. A distin-
guished English geologist, who has examined one
of these works, has pronounced it superior to any-
thing of the kind heretofore published abroad.
Some gentlemen have doubted the utility of these
publications. For instance, I have myself been
asked, of what possible practical benefit can be a
w6rk on conchology> Without giving the Senate
a homily upon this subject, or playing the school-
master, I may be permitted to say that since con-
chology has been reduced to a science, it has been
found to be a most useful handmaid to geology;
assisting materially in ascertaining the stratifica-
tion of the earth's crust, and illustrating its geolo-
gical history. I need scarcely add that geology is
of the greatest practical utility in the important
art of mining. The Senate i]0j,d not be detained
by further remarks on the vame of natural his-
tory.
Only one hundred copies of these scientific works
having been ordered to be published, and Congiess
having, by an act of the last session, directed the
distribution of sixty copies among the States of
the Union and foreign Governments, there remain
only forty copies. It is manifest that, if no more
be published, they will be sealed books to the
great body of literary and scientific men in the.
country, and thus important ends of the expedi-
tion will be entirely defeated.
The Government has already found it necessary
to make a special appropriation for the publication
of additional numbers of the charts and surveys
for the'use of the navy and mercantile marine,
which are in great demand.
They are supplied to the owners and masters of
vessels at the cost of the paper and printing—
selling for 12J and 25 cents, according to the size.
Many of these charts are such as our naval officers
have been obliged to give fiom $3 to S5 each for.
I do not propose the distribution of these extra
copies among the members of Congress—a practice
which I reprobate. But I do desire to see them
distributed among the colleges and literary insti-
tutions of the country; and, if the Library Com-
mittee agree with me, they will make such a dis-
position of them.
The resolution was then agreed to.
The Senate next proceeded to the consideration
of the following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Yclee; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be in-
structed to prepare and report to the Senate esti-
mates for the commencement of a dry-dock at Pen-
sacola, upon the plan recommended by a board of
officers appointed under an act of Congress of
June 17, 1844.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted yesterday by Mr.
J. M. Clayton; which was agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
directed to communicate to the Senate such infor-
mation as he can obtain in regard to the naval
power of each of the maritime nations of the world,
with the tonnage, number of merchant ships and
vessels, and the aggregate amount of the commerce
of each.
The Senate also proceeded to the consideration
of the following resolution, submitted yesterday by
Mr. J. M. Clayton; which was agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to communicate to the Senate such in-
formation as he can obtain on the expediency of
providing by law that ships and vessels navigating
the river Delaware, shall carry lights, to avoid the
danger of collision.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
adverse report of the Committee on Pensions, in
relation to the petition of Lydia Lusk; which re-
port was concurred in.
Also the adverse report of the same committee
on the petition of William Nichols; which report
was concurred in.
Mr. BRIGHT moved that the special order of
the day be postponed, in order to take from the ta-
ble the bill to pay the debt ascertained to be due to
Texas, &c. *
Mr. B. said that he made this motion at the
suggestion of the friends of the bill for the purpose
of moving a reconsideration of the vote taken yes-
terday on the amendment submitted by Mr. Evans.
His views, however, on the subject, had under-
gone no change.
The motion to take up was agreed to; where-
upon Mr. B. moved a reconsideration of the vote
taken on Mr. Evans's amendment, upon which
the yeas and nays were asked and ordered, and,
being taken, resulted—yeas [22, nays 22; where-
upon
The PRESIDENT voted in the affirmative, and
the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE suggested that the bill for the
augmentation of the navy of the United States be
passed over informally for the present, as his col-
league was not well enough to speak upon it, he
[Mr. Westcott] having the floor; and it was so
agreed,
Mr. SPEIGHT moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Executive business, and
said that the calendar was very large, and con-
stantly increasing.
The motion was agreed to; the Senate proceed-
ed into Executive session, and after some time
spent therein,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 3, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
OREGON.
Mr. BLACK, of South Carolina, rose, and ask-
ed leave to introduce a joint resolution, which, he
said, he desired, at the proper time, to offer as an
amendment to the joint resolution of notice re-
ported by the Committee on Foreign Affairs. The
resolution was read as follows:
Whereas, by the third article of a convention be-
tween the United States and the King of the Uni-
ted Kingdom of Great Eritain and Ireland, of the
20th October, 1818, it was agreed that any country
that may be claimed by either party on the north-
west coast of America westward of the Stony
mountains, shall, together with its harbors, bays,
and creeks, and the navigation of all rivers within
the same, be free and open to the vessels, citizens,
and subjects of both Powers, for the term of ten
years from the date of said convention, but with-
out prejudice to any claim which either of the
two contracting parties may have to any part of
said country:
And whereas, by another, convention between
the Powers aforesaid, of the 6th of August, 1827,
the said temporary provisions of the. third article
of the convention of 1818, aforesaid, were contin-
ued indefinitely, and have thus remained in force
to the present day: "
And whereas, by the provisions of the second
article of the convention of the 6th August, 1827,
aforesaid, the right was reserved to either of the
aforesaid contracting Powers, in case either should
think fit, at any time after the 20th of October,
1828, on giving due notice of twelve months to the-
other contracting party, to annul and abrogate the
said convention or 6th August, 1827, and thus ter-
minate the temporary arrangement aforesaid:
And whereas the said territory has become set-
tled, to a great extent, with the subjects of Great
Britain, through the instrumentality of incorpo-
rated companies emanating from the said Govern-
ment of Great Britain, and recently by a large
number of the citizens of the United States, by a
direct emigration, so that a longer continuance of
the above recited provisions of the convention
aforesaid endangers those friendly relations which
this country desires to maintain with all nations,
on honorable and equitable terms:
And whereas this Government has made repeat-
ed and laudable efforts to settle and adjust the
claims of both parties in the spirit of liberal" cpm-
promise, but without success: with a view, there-
fore, of fixing a limit beyond which the final ad-
justment of this question, so essential to the peace
of the two countries, cannot be longer delayed,
and at the same time of affording every possible
opportunity to such final adjustment, on terms
alike honorable and satisfactory to both parties,
be it, therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress as-
setnbled, That the President of the United States of
America be requested to give due notice of twelve
months to the Government of Great Britain, that,
after the expiration of the said term of notice, the
United States of America will anhul and abrogate
the said convention on the' 6th of August, 1827, so
continuing the provisions of the third article of
the convention of the 20th of October, 1818, as
aforesaid.
After some objection on the part of Mr. Mc-
CONNELL, who intimated his (fesire to debate—
The resolution (having been read twice by its
title) was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ST. JOHN, on leave given,, presented cer-
tain joint resolutions of the Legislature of Ohio,
asking Congress to quiet certain land titles: refer-
red to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. YELL, on leave given, withdrew from the
files of the House the papers in the case of the
claimants of the steamboat " Southwestern."
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose, and asked leave at
this time to introduce a bill which he said he had
been for some days desiring an opportunity to
present.
The title having been read, the reading of the
bill was called for, and it was read, as follows:
Whereas, by the convention concluded on the
20th day of October, 1818, between the United
States of America and the King of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, it was, in
the third article thereof, agreed that'any country
that may be claimed by either party on the north-
west coast of America, westward of the Stony
mountains, shall, together with its ha^jors, bays,
and creeks, and the navigation of all rivers within
the same, be free and open for the term of ten yeart
from the date of the signature of the present con-
vention to the vessels, citizens, and subjects of the
two Powers, it being well understood that this
agreement is not to be construed to the prejudice
of any claim which either of the two high contract-
ing parties may have to any part of the said coun-
try; nor shall it be taken to affect the claims of
any other Power or State to any part of said coun-
try; the only object of the high contracting pan-
tics in that respect being to prevent disputes and
differences among themselves: And whereas, by a
convention between the same parties, concluded
on the 6th of August, 1827, it was agreed to con-
tinue in force for an indefinite period the provisions
of the third article of the convention of the'-20th
of October, 1818, and was also further agreed and
provided that it shall be competent, however, to
