304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4.
Tellers were then asked for and appointed; and
the lesolution having been again read,
Tile SPEAKER was about to put the question.
Mx\ 1HOMAS SMITH said, he could see no
impropriety- in the adoption oi the resolution.
i'he SPEAKER said the question was on the
motion to suspend the rules, and that motion was
not debatable.
And the question bavins; been then taken, the
affirmative vote was declared to be 89.
Mr. COL.LAMER rose to inquire whether the
vote by tellers was not being taken on the demand
for the yeas and nays?
Tho bPEAKER paid, on the suspension of the
rules; the Chair had distinctly announced that the
yeas a/id navs were refused.
Mr. COLEAMER called for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER said the demand was not in '
older, as tnc yeas and nays had already been re- 1
fused. ;
The negative vote was then taken, and there ■
being a tie, the Speaker voted in the affirmative. j
So, two-thirds voting therefor, the rules were !
suspended.
And the resolution being thus before the House, !
and the question being: on the adoption thereof,, !
Mr. R. CHAPMAAT aug^e^tcd that its language \
should be guarded in the usual way, (i.e., aAo its !
compatilnhfy with fhp public interests.) I
> Mr. COLLA MER said, if it was not so guarded, i
~Xt wns intended to be. !
The resolution was again read. ;
Mr. R. CHAPMAN moved to amend it, so ns j
to insert the usual words, " if not incomputable .
with the public interests,'1 &c. •. :
Mr. COLLAMliR sLud he had no objection; '
but it would be mere tautology. ;
[he resolution was modified accordingly. 1
Mr. (r. b. HOUSTON" moved that the rosolu- J
tion lie laid on the table. !
Mr. COLLAMER, asked for the yens and nays, i
A motion to adjourn was made and withdrawn. '
The yeas and nays were then ordered on the '
motion of Mr. Houston, and being taken, resulted ,
as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Benton, Biggs, 1
James Black, Bowlm, Brockenbrough, Brodhcad,
"William Gr. Brown, CiUhcait, Ciupmnn, Cobt>,
Cummins, Cunningham, Oarragh, I> Mott, Dob- '
bin, Ldsall, Ellsworth, Erdtnan, l\\ran, furies,
Garvin, Goodyear, Gordon, Grover, lio«;e, Hop- !
kius, George S. Houston, 1 [uii^orfbrd, Chniles J, i
In^ersoll, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, George 1
W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kennedy, Preston 1
Kmg, Leib, jMcClenn, AJcDowell, McKay, John
P. Martin, ^ JJarHay Martin, Moulton, *JNoms, :
Payne, PerrilJ, Price, Rathbun. Roberts, Rtjssell,
Saw telle, Sawyer, Leonard >T. Sims, Robert ;
Snuth, .Lun.es Thompson, J«iooh Thonijtson, i
Towns, "Wuitworlh, \Vheaton, Wick, Ycli, and !
Yost—00.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q,. Adams, Ar- j
nold, Ashmnn, B.irrinirer, Bnyly, Bcdin^cr, Bell, i
James A. Black, l>laucb(u\], Milton Brown, Buf- ,
fhu'ton, Burt, William W. Campbell, Augustus •
A. Chapman, Clarke, Cocke, Collatner, Cranston, J
Crozier, Culver, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Jefferson
Dans, Delano, Dixon, Doekery, Dromgoole, John
H. Ewing, Edwin f-£. Ewinir, Ficklin, Foot, '
Gentiy, Giddinsis, G-iaharn, Hampton, llaipci, 1
Milliard, Elias B. Holmes, Isaac E. Holmes,
Hou<_;li, S.umiol D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washing;- ■
ton Hunt, Jarae^ B. Hunt, Joseph Johnson. An- :
cirow Johnson, Darnel 1?. Kuigt, Leahe, La Sere,
Lewis. Lone-, McOlol'aiid, AIcHenry, Mdlvame,
Marsh, Miller, Owen, Puny, Pollock, Re id, Rhctt,
Kitter, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, ,
Runk, Seammon, Sclienck, Severance, Alexander
D. Snns, Truman Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb ,
I . SmiUi, Stephens. Stewart, St. John, Strolim, ,
Thomasr'on, Benjamin Thompson, Tibbatts, Til- !
den, Toombs, Trcdway, Ttumbo, Yame, Vin-
ton, White, Winthro,"), Woodruff, Woodward,
Wright, Yancey, and Voimg—95. ;
So the resolution was not laid on the tabic. ;
And the question recurring, and having been 1
taken on the adoption thereof, it was decided m
the affirmative. !
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. JSAAC E. HOLMES rose and said that,
although he was not for taking all of Oregon, yet 1
he was m favor of promoting the interests of that
portion of the West which lay clearly within our !
jurisdiction. He desired, therefore; to present the 1
memorial of the Memphis convention, with a view
to the improvement of all the West that could con-
stitutionally be improved; and to move that the
memorial -be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that it be
printed.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON objected.
Mr. HOLMES moved a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON wanted to know
what the paper was; and its purport having- been
again stated, Mr. T. expressed the hope that, as
it pertained to the interests of the West, it would
be received by general consent.
The SPEAKER said the question would be on
the suspension of the rules.
Mr. HOLMES asked the yeas and nays.
Pending which demand, a motion to adjourn
was made, and being carried,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, Ac.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees :
B\ Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of Peter G. Fnrnswortli,
posima.-tcr at TYmbmke, Maine, asking additional compen-
sation: ivlVnodto the Committee on the Post Office and
l'Orvt Uo.ul-.
Ih Mr. W. IIFXT: The petition of citizens of Niagara
eoiintj, \>w Ynik, foi tin nupiovrmont of tho harbor of
Ki::hr>'ci).j)ii!!> Deck,
B\ Mi. MOSHLEY: The petition of slnpmastois and
se.tmen ot tin' lake-, lot an appropj ttttion tbi iiiUHlimq and
mir ('attaiamatf h:uht>i, on Lake Kmc. Also, ailidavits
m ^uppoit ol tin; petition ot Amanda King,executrix of Goo.
\V Fov, deceived, lor compensation for jnopcity deployed
by the ciicim m the late war \uth Great ftutrmi."
I>\ Mi McGLELLANl): Tlic petitions of i\ Shamboldt,
fiiM mate ol' die steamboat Le\in ton; of J. riiclps, ot bug
lllinoo ; ut C.ipt.nn Oliver, of schooner Marion ; and of Cnp-
t:un Hawkins «f seliooner Velocitv, in iiivor of the harbor
at Cattaiununs.
Ky Mr. RTssEfjli The petition of Francis Hutinaok, and
jnipet- .Ku-ompatiyni"; it, fin a peu>ion: xolenod to the (.Join-
jujtlee ojj h'ci'oJnfjonai.r Pen^ion.^.
My Mr. KHiGS • The petition of J. Ji. Runway and J39
otliet em/.en> of VV.ixJiinyfon <-oimtv, North ('.uohna, and
the petition of Homy M. l)aii«rhfry aiid 8} other citizens of
<5.ite.s eouniAj piaynij* an appiopnation to reopen Roanoke
inlet at lVa^'s Head: referred to the Committee on Com-
mei ec.
By Mi. iM. L. MARTIN: The petition of citizens of I?a-
etne, Wisconsin, lot an appropriation on a road from Ita-
cnie to Jonov illr. AImi, the petition of citizens of Wucon-
<in. tut a poxt ionte from Prairje\illo to Limestone. Also,
the petition oteitizei^ ot WtseonMii, fot appropriation on a
mad irotn Mihvaukie to Madison.
I v Mr. Dl-NLAP: The petition of Oliver IXeiriek, here-
fo/oje piesetifefl, Aral eh >}.*, Ict-J 1.
Ilj' Mi. IbXiK 'JMie petition ot II I<. Ainsworth and 185
other eni/.ens oi the St.ue oj llliuoi«,ptayiiig the rstal.!t«,U-
mcnt of a mail-iout-e from Petu, m the comity os La Salle,
in «ant Htiite, by I'nneetori, liureaa county, the county
f-eat oj llejuy eoumy. and lo iVcw Jfostoa, on
the Mi 5-j-wppi river.
By Mr. SAVV'fEJjLTC : The petition of  S. Niekerson and
vH'ilariud .Yickei^on, ownet- of the schonnrr Martha, of
15elta-.i, Maine, tiiai tilt: stun to which >.,u<i schooner en-
titled, .k fx'ttufy oi (hawbaek, for having; fteen employed at
sea m tlie cod h.-dienes dining ihe fi«hinj? season of 1837,
may bo allowed and paid to thorn; referted to the Commit-
ter on < 'onnnoieu.
By Mi rr.T'I'JT: The petition of James G Gairard and
TOO othcis ladies and gentlemen, citizen4, of Kentucky and
Tenne^oe, protesting against the authonty of Congress to
appoint chaplain^, and praying that hercalt'-i no mmu'v mav
be paid out of tlie United States treasury to any chaplain to
ConsrosN, or m the aimy and navy; reteried'to the Com
nntfee on the Judicial). Also, th< petition of 1\ W. Dunn
and 1 H> other ciu/.f-ns of North Brookfield, Ohio, pravirtg
in tike manner; lelened to the same eomimttee. Al«so,
the petition oi Francis jMel'nde and *2.5 otlieis, eitizei^ of
Butler county, Penn^lvama; referred to the same commit-
tee. ANo, tin; petition of Lewis Steins and 45 Others, citi-
zens or the sane county and State, piayinem like manner;
icl'cm-ri Ut the sura; conjinitfeo.
K\ Mi. Rl'SSLLL : Tlie petition and papei^ of Nathan
IVman: leterrcd to the Committee on Revolutionary I
Claims. • 1
By Mr. BftlNKERIIOFF: The memorial of ciiizfins of 1
iMaiion eountv. Ohio. pia\ina the establishment of a naval !
depot at Sandusky < ir\. oji Lake Ene: letened to tlie Com- !
imfee on Naval Aibui^.
By Mi CATHCAUT: The memorial of Joseph ITall and |
other citizen^ ot ^{ieiniian and Indiana, pravnur an appro- !
pnanon tV,r the improvement of the harbor at Newliuflalo, I
Michigan: i'*fened tothc Connmtte< on (Jomnu'ico. Al;?o, i
the petition of A>a {•'. Kellogg and others, upon the subject i
of the public domain: reiened to tlie Committee on Public 1
LaivL. j
15 > Mi. rRKSTON KfjVG : The memorial of residents of ]
the Stute of New Yotk, in reiation to the duties on soda- ;
ash, binilld, and sal-soda.* lefened. !
Mt. JAMES THOMPSON : The tesolution of the Le- :
uivlature of Pennsylvania, relative to the construction of a j
Macadamized national ro id from a point at oi neai the ar- ;
senal at Pitt-burg, by way ot the arsenal at MeadviiJe, to j
Lake Lue.at the town ot Erie. Also, resolution of the Le- |
gislatuie of Penns\lvarua against auv increase of the rates i
of postage: referred to the Committee on the Post Office and i
Post Roads, i
By Mr. IIUBARD : The petition of B. Pugh, administra-
tor for tiie benefit of the children of Mrs. H. Watfems. claim-
ing arrears of pension under the act of July 7,1831: refened
to the Committee on Revoltttionary pensions.
By Mr. DODGE: Two petitions, very •niimeroiisJy signed
by citizens of Iowa, representing the great advantages to
be derived from the improvement of the navigation of Des
Moines river, and praying an appropriation to defray the
expense of a survey of said river; referred to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals.
By Mr. LA SERE- The petition of John Bareshjde And
others*, praying compensation for their services as volun-
teers from the State of Louisiana to Texas,ml845; referred
to file Committee pn Military Affairs.
Ky Mr. WH*TWORTH: The petition of stuidry citizens
of Coimpauf, Ohio, ftr a harbor: referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
By Mr. NORRIS: The petition of Moses Noble, praying
for tho allowance of bounty to tKe fishing schoonerTluth,
lost at sea while pursuing her fishing voyage. Also, the
petition of William Shapiey, praying Congress to allow him
tlie sum of $40, with interest, to which he is entitled by vir-
tue oi a resolution of Congress of the 26th of September,
1773, Also, tho petition of Daniel licit and other citizens
ot Sandwich, New Hampshire, praying th<tt the posttiee on
letters may be reduced to five cents tor ail distances', and
that newspapers may be sent to air parts of the country gra-
tuitously-, and that all restraints upon sending papers out of
the mail may be removed.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 4; 1846.
Mr. JOHNSON, of'Maryland, presented" the
memorial of citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylva-
nia, praying the adoption of measures for the
peaceful adjustment of all international difficulties;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. J. also presented the memorial of Thomas
Wilson, of Baltimore, praying the payment of the
award made in his favor by the commissioners un-
der the convention with Mexico for the settlement
of the claims of citizens of the United States against
that Government; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of John Bran-
son, praying compensation for property taken by
the enemy during the late war with Great Britain;
which was referred to five Committee of Claims.
Mr. C. alsp presented .the memorial of 'Simeon
Rousseau,.praying tlie right of pre-emption to a
tract of land in the State of Miehig&n; which was
referred to the Committee on Erivate Land Claims.
Mr. C. further presented a retnonstiance against
the annexation of Texas; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. STURGEON presented the memorial of
Louisa Livingston and others, praying the pay-
ment of the awards made in their favor under the
convention with Mexico for tho settlement of the
claims of citizens of the United States against that
Government; which was referred to the Committee
011 Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
. Mr. DICKINSON presented thiee memorials,
signed by shipmasters and seamen engaged in the
navigation of the lakes, praying that Cattaraugus
harbor may be completed and lighted; wfiich were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition of officers of
the United States army, stationed at Jeflerson Bar-
racks, in relation to brevet and staff rank; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented the following reso-
lution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of placing
Thomas Hall on the United States pension list.
Mr. W O O DB It IDG- E presented the following
resolution; which was agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a mail-route from-St. Jo-
seph's, in the county of Berrien, in the State of
Michigan, to Mihvaukie, in the Territory of "Wis-
consin, with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. PENNY BACKER desired to be excused
from serving further npnn theCommitteeof Claims;
which request was granted.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the President was
empowered to fill the vacancy occasioned in tlie
Committee of Claims by the resignation of Mr.
Pexnyeacker.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee an Finance,
to whom was referred "A bill to repeal the acts
' levying a duty on imported salt, and granting cer-
' tain fishing "bounties and allowances to fishing
' vessels, in lieu of a drawback of tire duties paid
' on foreign salt used on fisli exported," reported
