THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Oontgress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1846.
New Series....No. 20.
the same without amendment, and moved that the
documents accompanying the report be printed for
the use of the Senate; which was ordered.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post.
Office and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution
authorizing the Postmaster General to continue the
present mail arrangements in Texas until contracts
for their maintenance under the general system of
the United States shall have been completed; which
was read a first time.
Mr, YULEE, pursuant to notice, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill to repeal the second
section of an act repealing certain acts of the Le-
gislative Council of Florida; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the Speaker of
said House had signed an enrolled bill, to which
the signature of the Vice President was request-
ed.]
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
adverse report of the Committee of Claims on the
petition of Thomas Bolon.
Mr. WESTCOTT said that he had received fur-
ther evidence in relation to the above claim; and
unless the committee had reported on the ground
that the claim was not n just one, even though the
facts presented were all admitted, he hoped that
they would consider the additional evidence to be
presented, ile moved that the report be laid on
the fable; which motion was agreed to.
The Senate also proceeded to the conxidoiation
of the adverse report made by the Committee of
Claims upon the petition of Scott, White, & Co.;
which was concurred in.
The bill for the relief of Nathaniel Goddard and
others was considered ns in Committee of the
"Whole, and was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
[This bill i« for reimbursing the parties (lie
%altie of a ship and cargo confiscated during the
last war.]
The question being upon ordering the bill to a
third reading—
Mr. TURNEY rose and made a few observa-
tions m opposition to it. He considered that the
conduct of the claimants had not been considered
consistent with the duly which all patriotic citi-
zens owed to their country, and that they were
not entitled, therefore, to any peculiar favor at the
hands of the Government. He regarded them as
having been guilly of moral treason, if not of po-
litical treason. He desired thai when the question
on the engrossment of the bill was taken, it should
be taken by yeas and nays; and it was subse-
quently so ordered.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON remarked that he bad
supposed, fiom the mass of undoubted testimony
which had been laid before the Senate at the time
when the question was first called up, that there
were few Senators who had not made up their
minds in favor of the claim. It had received the
approbation of Mr. Lowndes, the able chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, a gentle-
man who could never be suspected of favoring any
one attached to the British interests. It had' also
been approved by Mr. Crawford, who was Secre-
tary of the Treasury when the matter was first
brought to the notice of the Government, and who
was acquainted with all the facts of the case. Mr.
Crawford's declaration in reference to it was, that,
although upon strict principles of law, the courts
were bound to give a verdict against the parties,
yet equity was in their favor, and he therefore
recommended an application to Congress. The
Senator from Tennessee had stated that he consid-
ered the parties had been guilty of an act of moral
treason. There was not one tittle of evidence
to justify the gentleman in any such conclusion.
All the testimony in the case went to absolve them
from any intention of violating the laws of the
country. There was a commercial treaty existing
between this country and Spain at that time, and
it was customary for traders to carry provisions
from Boston to the ports in Spain, ana in Portugal
also, under British protection. TKeir object, it
20
was clearly shown by the evidence, was nothing
more than traffic with a view to profit.
Mr. TURNEY said it happened to be the case,
however, that when this profitable traffic was be-
ing carried on flour was worth more in the United
States than it was at Lisbon or at Cadiz. This
was an historical fact.
Mr. CLAYTON said the gentleman was again
mistaken; he could not have read the evidence.
Besides that given by the officers and crew of the
vessel, there was also the evidence of insurance
companies in Boston, of gentlemen of the legal
profession, and of every person by whose testi-
mony the Government supposed they could fasten
a fraudulent design upon the claimants. But every
witness in the case absolved the parties from any
intention of doing wronff. The gentleman oppo-
site, to sustain his argument, depended on the sin-
gle fact that a paragraph in a newspaper stated that
the price of Hour was lower in Lisbon than it was
in the United States. But. this was in 1813, and
not in when this transaction took place.
Mr. COL&UITT said the question appeared to
be whether there had been an intention to commit
a fraud, lie look it for granted that the tribunal
before, which the case was tried had determined
that point.
Mr. CLAYTON said the evidence was so clear
that the district judge decided in favor of the
claimants, but the court above, exempting them
still from any intention todo u ron<_;, decided against
them upon the simple f.u ( that the protection un-
der which they went w;is British protection.
Mr. COl^lUITT proceeded. They were ex-
empted from an intention of doing wrom1, but were,
condemned for the commission of a palpable wrong.
Was Congress to constitute itself a court of con-
science, and to i( Iieve parties who had been con-
demned by the |e°n! m'umals n{' the count! y 5 1 le
proiesled n^aniM any such proceeding. The a\a-
rn e of the pai lie puis i.i:; the vci y best construc-
tion upon their eel1M(| <i \ crcome their patriotism,
and they were a^ked to absolve them because their
motives were pure. None hut the Ruler of the
universe could know what their motives were.
Mr. [>AG i Y addressed the Senate in favor of
the claim. It was not a question of law, but a
question as to criminal intent. And lie would ask
the Senator from Georgia if he was prepared to
refuse to refund to these pnrties the amount of
their property which had gone into the treasuiyof
the United States, when it was admitted that tliey
acted with no evil intent. He hoped the time had
not come when the claims of individuals were to
be allowed or disallowed according to tlx jr politi-
cal opinions, and not with reference to the rules of
justice and equity.
Mr. COUUHTT repeated that lie was wholly
unable to deteimine what their intent was. He
was for the maintenance of the laws.
Mr. BAGBV urged that what constituted the
test of criminality was evil intention, and th.it not
having been proved to exist in this case, the par-
ties ought to be e von era ted.
Mr. PKNNYBACKKR opposed the bill. He
argued that, even if their motives were pure, they
were inexcusable foradopting an unlawful course,
through ignorance or any other cause. It was one
of the general principles of law that ignorance of
the law will not excuse the wrong-doer, and he be-
lieved that this was a prim iple which even courts
of equity would be unwilling to interfere with.
Air. DAVIS replied to the remaiksof the Sena-
tor who had last spoken. A provision of law had
existed, he said, since the formation of the Govern-
ment, by which the Secretary of the Treasury was
authorized (a power which he exercised almost
daily) to remit fines and penalties and forfeitures,
where there was no fraud intended. The practice
of the Government did not stop even here. Occa-
sionally a case occurred, and this was one of those
cases, which the law did not provide for. Appli-
cation was made for a remission of the fine, and
Mr. Crawford's reply was: " It does not fail with-
in the provisions, but it is within the equity of the
act—within the principle but not within the letter.99
Was it a new question ? Did it involve a new
principle ? Not at all; there were some forty sim-
ilar cases appended to the report. But the Senator
from Tennessee had suggested that one of the
claimants in this case had something to do with
the Hartford Convention. Was the Senator pre-
pared to proscribe public opinion in a free country ?
Was the fact of a man being a Federalist a good
reason for not paying a just claim ? Suppose the
Senator should find himself proscribed because he
happened to differ from his neighbors in opinion.
Why, he had always thought that it was a poition
of the glory and honor of this country that no man
could be proscribed for his opinions; that individ-
uals were equally protected by the laws, and justice
administered equally to all. If the Senator from
Tennessee knew the honorable and highminded
gentleman of whom he spoke, (Colonel Perkins,)
ne would say at once that he would be the last man
in the country to plan an illegal voyage, the last
man to violate the laws of the country in any man-
ner. If the Senator's hostility to this gentleman,
however, was so strong that it could not be over-
come, let the portion relating to him be struck out,
but let not the claims of others be prejudiced by
that hostility.
Mr. ALLEN opposed the bill on the ground that
the fact of obtaining a British license was proof of
an unlawful intercourse with the enemy, which was
a violation of the duty prescribed to every native-
born citizen by his conscience, and to every nat-
uralized one by his oath. Within ten miles of the
Capitol, these "claimants had selected the British
flag in preference to the stars and stripes,and had
thus put themselves in communication with a hos-
tile squadron; and they now called on Congress to
compensate them for the losses they had sustained
in consequence of their own act.
Mr. R. JOHNSON replied to the objections of
the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Turkey,] the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Colquitt,] the Sen-
ator from Virginia, [Mr. Pennybackkr,] and the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Ali.ux,] justifying the
course which the claimants had taken, and stating
that the diminution of the revenue by the cessation
of imports had caused such financial embarrass-
ment, that our merchants were frequently con-
strained to carry out goods, under British protec-
tion, into the ports of nations with which we were
at peace. And this was known to our Govern-
ment. He further stated that it was a principle
of law that the intention constituted the crime;
and adverted to cases parallel to that under con-
sideration, where relief had been granted by Con-
gress.
Mr. N1LES looked on the conduct of the claim-
ants as an act of moral treason, which incapaci-
tated them fiom receiving any redress.
Mr. PENNYBACKER made a brief explana-
tion.
Mr. CAMERON adverted to the high standing
and unsullied reputation of Mr. Perkins, (one of
the claimants,) whom he considcied us incapable
of any act such as had been imputed to him. He
was a man who never could have been guilty of a
wrong act, from an intention to do wrong. Be-
lieving, as he did, that the case was one which
was fully entitled to compensation, he expressed
his intention to give his vote in favor of the bill.
The question being taken on ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading, it was decided in
the affirmative'—yeas 26, nays 22. as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Bagby, Barrow, Ber-
rien, Cameron, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clay-
ton, Corwm, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Evans,
Greene, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson of Md.,
Johnson of La., Mangum, Miller, Pearce, Phelps,
Simmons, Upham, Webster, Westcott, and Wood-
bridge—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton,
Benton, Breese, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Col-
quitt, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hannegan,Lew-
is, McDuffie, Niles, Pennybacker, Semple, Sevier,
Speight, Sturgeon, and Turney—22.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business, and, after some time spent
therein, the doors were re-opened, and the Senate
adjourned.
