3846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
307
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
of notice.
Mr. BELL was entitled to the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee in favor of giving the notice
in some modified form. He did not think, he said,
that a spirit of procrastination would advance our
interests, or ultimately secure our rights to the ter-
ritory which we regarded as ours. He believed,
with a large number of other gentlemen, that some-
thing ought, to be done; but as to what that some-
thing was, he might differ with others. But his
mind was so clear that inaction was doing us incal-
culably more harm than even rash action could,
that he believed it was time we should assert our
title, and terminate the convention of 1827 in some
form or other. He would not give this notice in a
spirit of rashness or braggadocio, as if we were dis-
posed to bring upon ourselves all the evils and haz-
ards of war, but he would give it peaceably and
calmly. He would take such ground as, before
God and man, we believed we could maintain, as
well by argument as by battle and the sword. As
to whether this measure was a war or a pence meas-
ure, he believed it depended much on the tone and
temper in which the notice was given; for precisely
in the spirit in which it was given, whether of peace
or of defiance, he believed it would lie received. It
was with a view to make it a measure of pcncc, and
not of war, that he would go for it. He had no par-
ticular objection to the resolution of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, except from the tone in which
the notice was proposed to be given. It was, at
all events, be thought, questionable in its character,
and the very fact that it had been the subject of con-
troversy here, should he a reason for a modification
in some form or other. There were propositions
enough before the committee in the shape of amend-
ment*, which would terminate this convention with-
out the manifestation of a hostile spirit, or a liabil-
ity to such a chara;c, and he would like to sec one
ol those propositions adopted.
[This speech will appear hereafter in the Ap-
pendix.!
Mr. CHASE addressed the committee at some
length in favor of the resolution of notice to Great
Britain.
Uxpres.sing the reluctance which lie felt at this
stage of the debate to occupy the time of the roni-
mittee, Riving ns the reasons which had induced
him to attempt to obtain the floor, the position in
which he. stood to his constituents, and the attacks
made upon the South in the progress of the debate;
and premising that, in case wo were to he plunged
into a war, the South and the North would, as lie
trusted, be found unitedly coming up to the vin-
dication of our national rights and honor, he pro-
ceeded to give a passing notice to the remarks of
Mr. Holmes ana of Mr. Yancey—in the course
of which he yielded for explanation to the latter
gentleman—and more particularly to refer to the
position taken by his colleague, [Mr. Ewisu,]
reading and causing to be read from that gentle-
man's speech several extracts, covering several
points token by him in the argument, tlmt. our title
to Oregon is "doubtful," and commenting upon
the striking similarity of that gentleman's position
and those taken by Mr. Pakenham in his corres-
pondence with Mr. Buchanan.
He then passed to the question of title, and to a
brief review of the history of the negotiations and
treaties on the subject of the territory on the north-
west coast of America, on the part of England,
France, Spain, Russia, and Die United States,
showing that, by our purchase in 1803 of the right
of France, in 3819 of that of .Spain, and our con-
vention of 1834 with Russia, we had acquired,
and now retained, the sole and indisputable riyht
from 42° to 54° 40'—a right acknowledged by
England in various acts of her own, and by her
■acciuieseence in other of the aforesaid treaties, in
which the right %vas claimed by other of those
powers than herself.
The title then being in us, and having been de-
clared by the Executive to be "clear and unques-
tionable," he was opposed to the surrender of any
portion of the territory up to 54° 40', and to the
acceptance, were it now to be offered by Gieat
Britain, of the line of 49°; and without knowing,
or professing to know, the views of the President,
he expressed the belief that that high functionary
would not accept it. He scouted the idea of giv-
ingup, under any circumstances, any portion of the
soil clearly ours; and referred to the history of
Frederick 'the Great, and of ancient Rome, in illus-
tration of the fact that such surrender, on the part
of any nation, was the signal for its downfall, and
an invitation to all the nations of the earth to com-
mence their aggressions upon her. If the whole
territory up to"54° 40' could be secured, and that
speedily, by negotiation, he should be willing to
have negotiations again opened; but he was op-
posed to compromise or arbitration, and, rather
than surrender one inch south of 54° 40', he de-
clared that he would vote for a declaration of war.
In the course of his remarks [a report of which
is deferred at his request, and will hereafter appear
in the Appendix] Mr. C. touched upon many other
incidental points of the discussion.
Mr. SEABORN JONES next obtained the floor;
and having ascertained from the Chairman that a
further amendment was not now in order, he sent
up the following, which he gave notice he should
move when in order, as an addition to the resolu-
tion reported by the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs:
Resolved, That the people of the United States
have full reliance upon the discretion, the patriot-
ism, and the wisdom of the President, and those
advisers whom the Constitution has placed around
him; and feel willing, should negotiation be renew-
ed, to submit the rights of the United States to his
care, management, and protection, with an entire
and abiding confidence, licit those rights, the honor
and best interests of the United States will be sus-
tained, defended, and protected.
Mr. J. proceeded to give the reasons why he
should vote for the resolutions of the committee,
and should ask this amendment to be appended to
it. Spain was entitled by discovery to the whole
of Oregon. It was not a question in the mind of
any man that she did first discover the northwest
const of the American continent, and, by that dis-
covei v, t;a\e to heisclf the iii;htof settlement. If
that ri^'lu was not exercised in a reasonable time,
any other nation mi^ht make settlements there, and
deprive her of the ri^bt acquired by discovery,
llad any other nation smie there and made settle-
ments, so as to deprive Spain of that right> lie
wot not. lie (lid not believe anv gentleman could
tell when any other nation had acquired a right,
which would take away fiom .Spain that right ac-
quired by discovers-. Me iclVtied particularly to
that part above - 11)^, for lit" .should contend that
the United Stntfs wa« the only mil ion that had in-
terfered with this right of discovery, by the ex-
ploration and settlement of the Oregon valley.
Spain, then, having acquired this right, by the
convention of 1819 trnnsrorred all her right to tho
United States. But we were told by the British
commissioners that the Nootka Sound conven-
tion gave England the right. In refutation of tins
position, Mr. J. refund to the treaty of Great
Britain with Franco, in 17(J3, by which she ac-
knowledged and irrevocably gave up to Franco all
the territory west of the jVtis.sissippi; and to the
treaty by which, in 1803, we. purchased all this
right of trance; examining minutely the provisions
and effects of these treaties, and contending that
England, having thus surrendered all her rights,
could not now setup a claim to any portion of that
territory. He also alluded to the discovery of
Contain Gray of the mouth of the Columbia in
1792, and to the- exploration of Lewis and Choice,
under the direction of tho President, of that river,
from its mouth to many of its sources; and he ar-
gued that we had the entire right to the valley of
the Columbia, from all these foundations of claim.
Tie urged also that under the Nootka Sound con-
vention, it being only a convention giving- her the
right of trade and settlement, she could acquire no
jurisdiction over the territory, but was of neces-
sity bound by the terms of that convention. lie
mentioned, in further confirmation of our claim,
that our Government having these to this territory,
our citizens within the last few years had gone
there, not by scores, or by hundreds, but by thou-
sands, and now numbered eight or ten to one of
all the inhabitants of that country.
Bavins; demonstrated our clear and unquestion-
able right to the whole of Oregon, he proceeded to
meet gentlemen on their own ground, that perhaps
there might be some little doubt on one or anoth-
er part of our title; but he asked if there was any
man in this House prepared to deny that we had
the better title to the whole territory? If so,
then no other nation could set up a claim to that
territory, unless England (in the language of his
colleague) was the residuary legatee from Adam
to all the earth to which no other nation could
show the best possible title. That had been her
language to her young daughter; but her daughter
had grown up to manhood, not under her foster-
ing care. [Laughter.] Gentleman laughed; but he
said manhood, for she had proved herself a man
in her conflicts with the mother country, and when
our strength was but three millions, she had
proved that the Anglo-Saxon blood had improved
by contact with liberty. She had shown the truth
of the sentiment,
"Thrice is he armed tliat hath his quarrel just."
We had dared the power of Great Britain when
we were but three millions strong. Should we '
now cower before her when our population was
twenty millions r
But we were urged not to give the notice; and
we were told of the power and strength of Eng-
land—of her steamers, her line-of-battle ships, and
all that vast armament with which she rode over
the ocean, and by which she assumed to call her-
self the mistress of the seas. He (Mr. J.) cared
as little for the strength of England as this House,
at the last session, cared for the imbecility of Mex-
ico; and he would sooner throw down the gage
of battle to the power of bullying England than to
blustering impotent Mexico.
This might be considered by England a cause of
war; but could it be a just cause of war? Let
them determine that question, and when deter-
mined, it marked our course, and we must be rec~
rcant to our duty if we deviated from that course.
He argued that it could not be just cause of war,
inasmuch as the giving the notice was but the ex-
ercise of a right specially provided for by the con-
vention of 1857. Nobody would think it a just
cause of war on our part, if she were to exercise
the same right, and to give us this notice. He
also thought, connected with this, that the exten-
sion of our laws over our citizens in that territory,
! as she had done over hers more than twenty years
| ago, and the building forts for the protection of
j our settlements, as she had done likewise, would
| not be just cause of war. If it would be, we had
been derelict to our duty, and the American Con.
gress had disgraced itself, that it had not declared
war on account of these same acts on her part long
before this.
But we were told that England would go to war
though she had not just cause of war; that she had
a large standing army, and extensive navy, and
that her armaments were to be found in every part
of the. globe. Yes, (said Mr. J.,) and she has
cause for them.
Mr. J. referred to the situation of things in In-
dia and Ireland, and argued that Great Britain
would want all her fleets and armies for the secu-
rity of her possessions in India, and internal tran-
quillity at home. She had no force to spare for
the conquest of any part of the territory belonging
to the United States. It had been said that we
were in a defenceless condition, and he feared that
wc were lew prepared for war than in 1812, or in
the Revolution. lie feared that this was the case,
not because we were deficient in resources, but be-
cause, in our own hearts, we feared the struggle
with England. We were told that the British
Ministry were wise and sagacious, and that they
wore unwilling to go to war. He admitted that
they weie far-seeing and sagacious men, and that
they would take a full survey of the question, not
confining the view to Oregon, but looking over all
their interests. Sir Robert Peel had been called a
balance-sheet Minister, for the reason that he had
a proper regard for the sources of British power—
the sinews of her strength.
He would give it as his opinion, that Great
Britain would suffer greater injury from a war than
the United States would. We might be very sure
that no war would occur very soon; for Great
Britain wanted our cotton. If we gave the notice
now, she would not declare war upon us until she
had got two more crops of cotton to keep her man-
ufacturers employed. He did not believe that
England would go to war, except in the last ex-
tremity—not from fear, for she was bold and cour-
ageous, but because she was too wise to rush into
a war upon a doubtful pretension, and without
even the prospect of acquiring any honor by it.
Would she hazard her commerce with the United
States, and, in fact, with all the world, by a war?
Would she starve her population and increase her
bloated pauperism? Was she prepared for that?
Was she prepared to lose the vantage ground
