308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
which she had gained in the civilized world ? A
war between England and the United States would
give her carrying-trade to Europe, and she never
couid recover it."
Every act of England was directed to the pro-
tection and extension of her commerce. Could
she now be prepared to give it up, after having for
centuries endeavored to establish it, and having but
one rival at this time—i. c. the United States? He
(Mr. J.) did not believe it.
Was she prepared to give up Ireland? The first
gun that was tired would be a signal for a demand
of the repeal of the union. Where is Canada? In
case of a war, the battle would be fought in Cana-
da; and Upper Canada was now ready to strike for
hbeily, and separation from Great Britain; and he
believed that Lower Canada was not in a far dif-
ferent situation. He would not conquer Canada,
and then hold it by a military force; but if we open-
ed free institutions to Canada, she would soon ask
for annexation to this Union. All this was well
known to England, and she feared it too, She
knew that she would seal her own destruction by
war, and that it would not be greatly injurious to '
the United States. But suppose that the British ]
statesmen were to overlook ail these considerations
and declare a war, we were ready for a contest.
He believed that after war was declared, theie
would be but one voice in this country, from the
lakes to the Gulf of Mexico, and those were the
sentiments which animated us during the Revolu
tion, and which cheered the hero of Bunker Hill,
General Warren, when he yielded his life for his
country.
You need not fear that England will make war;
and if she does, you need not apprehend anything
from the result. Spread only your stars and "stripes
to the bieezc, and the whole people will rally
around them. All you have lo do is to act upon
the maxim of General Jackson, to demand nothing
which is wrong—to yield nothing which is right.
There was one memorable fact m our history, that
no demands had ever been made on our Govern-
ment for spoliations on foreign Powers. We had
never been guilty of any injustice upon any foreign
nation. The flag of our country must ultimately
float every where over this continent—he did not say
by destiny, but by the rapid inciease of our people
and the diffusion of our principles. Our tree of'
liberty had been watered by the blood of our sires, j
and had sprung up to a great height, and, with its |
wide-spreading branches, would soon overshadow j
the land.
He had heard with feelings of regret the argu- J
ment on this floor that England would be obliged ;
to go to war. It reminded him of the officious j
friendship which is so frequently offered to induce '
persons upon any slight oontirm'isy to believe*
they were in honor bound to fight. He hoped that j
Sir Robert Peel would not hear of tlie.se arguments, i
or, that hearing them, he would not heed them: for i
if he were hound to act according to the recom- |
mendations of our own statesmen, he must needs i
assume a hostile attitude towards us. If left to the '
suggestions of his own sogacity, and of the inter- j
csts of England, he would not go to war. Let us :
(concluded'Mr. J.) see what is our own duty, and |
go forward to discharge it, leaving the consequen-
ces to the God of battles.
Mr. J. having concluded, the Chairman gave the
floor to
Mr. GENTRY, who yielded to a motion that
the committee rise.
PUBLIC PROI'ERTF IN TEXAS.
But the motion was waived at the request of
Mr. McKAY, who asked the committee to take
up and dispose of the bill which had this morning
been reported, making an appropriation to enable
the President of the United States to receive from
the State of Texas the cession of certain property.
The bill was taken up, by consent, and having
been read,
Mr. McKAY explained that the joint resolution
passed at the last session of Congress, providing
for the admission of Texas into the Union, con-
tained a provision that immediately alter she should
have been admitted, her public edifices, fortifica-
tions, barracks, and all other public property,
should be ceded to the United States. The Legis-
lature of Texas was now in session. The consti-
tution of Texas provided that the cession should
be made by the Legislature; and the President of
the United States desired to send a commissioner
there to receive the property. The little bill be-
fore the committee appropriated the sum of $3,000
for that object.
A letter from the Department of State, setting
forth the object of the appropriation, was read.
Mr. CULVER desired to be informed whether
there was not some agent there to take charge of
the property, without sending one at an expense
of §3000? If not, he desired to know whether the
property was of value enough to pay the expenses
of the commission. He doubted it.
Mr. McKAY said he had no precise information
as to the value of the property. He presumed,
however, that it must be considerable. Gentlemen
had all the information on the subject which he
possessed, and which was that contained in the
letter which had been read from the State Depart-
ment.
Mr. ASTIMUN desiicd the gentleman to state
what propcrtv there was, if there was any.
Mr. McKAY said he did not precisely know
what property there was. Tie had, he repeated,
no information other than that which had just been
laid befoie the House. The Secretary of State had
said that there was property there. He (Mr. McK.)
took it for granted that thorn was. The joint, re-
solution admitting Texas into the Union had pro-
vided that this trnnsfer should be made, and the
constitution of Texas had declared that the Legis-
lature of that State should make provision for it.
Mr. ASl LV1l\\ said he should like to I )e inform-
ed whether there was any property.
[Answers came from several quarters, "You
know there is/'!
Mr. YELL said there were three very fine ships
of war to be transferred and delivered up; also,
about 150 pieces of ordnance, three or four cus-
tom-houses, two or three navy-yards, with much
other property or establishments of great value.
Mr. McDOWEl.L thought the sum to be appro-
priated unnecessarily large, and moved to reduec it
to y},000.
Motion negatived.
Mr. BROWN, of Tennessee, opposed the bill
as proposing, in substance, a mere job. What
need was there for Appointing a special agent to
receive the cession of the cusfom-houscs and pub-
lie property in Texas, and hand them over to the
officeis of the United States on the spot? Why
couid not the surrender be made to them at once?
There w<is no need of any intermediate person.
Mr. P . utterly disclaimed the least intention of
easting a straw in the way of consummating the
annexation, but he was totally unwilling to throw
away three thousand dollars on a useless agency.
It wns to provide for mere dignified nonsense.
Was this «<;ent to hold the ships and forts and
custom-houses > No; but Jo hand them all over as
soon ns he re-( ived the m, ami th< n put $3,000 into
his pocket. Let gentlemen who were so clamorous
for economy practise a little of it on this occasion.
Mr. CjRAHAM considered it absolutely neces-
sary to send tins u«enl. It, was important for us
to know how many vessels and of what descrip-
tion the na\y of Texas contained. If we had cor-
rect information ns to public property there, the
ordnance, arms, and munitions, we could legislate
in a mote enlightened manner. It was desirable
lo know tin condition of Texas in regard to her
capacity for defence. A competent asr-nt wns the
very person to ascertain what the public property
there actually was.
' The CTJAFIIMAN said there was no question
before the committee open to debate.
Mr. MILTON BROvVN then moved to strike
, out $3,000, and insert $L0UU. He said there wns
; certainly no necessity whatever for the appropria-
i tion or expenditure of this, money.
I Mr. McKAY again stated that he had no infor-
mation other than that which had been communi-
cated by the Secretary of State. The joint rcso-
| luiion admitting Texas had expressly provided
! that the public property should be ceded to the
| United States. It was of course necessary that the
f Government should have a person there to receive
, it. The Government itself, he presumed, had no
' specific information on the subject. Suppose that,
, after the cession of this propeity had been made,
there should be no public officer there to receive
, it; who would take charge of it? But suppose
! this duty were to be devolved on the few public
officers whom we now had in Texas, would not
! the Government have to pay them for the per-
: formance of this extra duty? Gentlemen seemed
to be under the impression that the whole appro-
priation of §3,000 was intended as the compensa-
tion of this commissioner. Not so. He did not
understand that to be the object of the Secretary
of State. Perhaps only a very small part of the
whole might be so applied. The gentleman from
Arkansas [Mr. Yell] had lately been in Texas;
he knew all about the matter, and could explain
it to the committee.
Mr. BROWN said that this bill did not say that
the agent to be appointed was to hold the proper-
ty. He was simply to receive it, and immediate-
ly hand it over to the agents of the United States,
who were on the spot. If there was nobody to
take charge of it, then there was no need that this
agent should go there.
"Mr. McKAY did not know, he said, what the
instructions of Mr. Buchanan might be; but he
(Mr. McK.) supposed they would be, that, when
this property had been received by the commis-
sioner, agents should be appointed at the different
places to take charge of it. There were no offi-
cers there now to reccive it. A large portion of
the appropriation, he presumed, was intended to
be applied to the care and preservation of the pub-
lic property after it shall have been ceded to the
United States; and a very small portion of it, he
presumed, was designed as compensation to the
commmissioncr.
Mr. FARAN said the gentleman from North
Carolina had observed that, because this amount
of §3,000 was appropriated, it did not follow that
the whole of it must be paid out to the agent; but,
from Mr. F.'s experience of the management of
public money, he was led to conclude, and so he
believed would every other gentleman at all famil-
iar with the usual course of things, that, after an
appropriation was once made, that was the last
the treasury ever heard of the money; be it more
or be it less, all was sure to go. He thought the
amount much too large. If there was no proper
officer in Texas fo receive the property and hold it
for the United States, what was the use of send-
ing an agent there to receive and hand it over?
There were enough on the spot who would be
abundantly willing to act as agents, without being
sent from here. Besides, we had officers of the
army and navy, who were doing nothing but draw-
ing their pay, and waiting for orders, and had not
been for years past. Why not send one of them?
He thought $1,000 ample as a compensation for
the duty to be performed.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said that, on the prin-
ciple that the absent were always in the wrong,,
he thought it better the United States should be
represented by a proper and competent agent, as
provided by the bill. The House did not know
what, the property was, or whence it was; what
was its present condition, and what its value. Even
its discovery might depend on the inquiries and
industry of a competent officer. To the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means it appeared so clear a case,
that, after having done all that was necessary for
the admission of Texas, we ought to carry out the
proceeding by appointing some one to reccive her
public property, when surrendered in compliance
with the terms of the joint resolution for her an-
nexation, that they had not supposed it possible
thcic would be any objection to it in any quarter.
, The appropriation, if made, might never be needed;
but it was a proper provision toward the discovery
i and preservation of our rights in Texas,
j Mr. YELL spoke in favor of the bill. He
i would not pretend to say whether $3,000 was the
' proper sum to be appropriated, but it was certain
, that some agent should be appointed to receive the
| property. There was a custom-house at the mouth
! of the Sabine, another at Galveston; besides which,
; there were fortifications and an arsenal at Mata-
| gorda, and at the mouth of the Rio Grande, and
■ some other places which were now owned by
j Texas. According to the resolution of annexation,
; all this property must be surrendered; then there
j were a number of acres of ground attached to the
fort and custom-house at Galveston. The deeds
for this public property must be made out, and the
title delivez*ed over to us. A custom-house officer
was not competent to make a survey of the prop-
erty and to examine the title. The agent would
have to go up to Austin and examine records,
and the papers must all be duly recorded. There
must be nn agent on the part of the United States,
either appointed on the spot, or sent on from here.
Besides all this property on shore, there were three
