1846,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
public vessels belonging to the Republic of Texas,
of twenty and thirty guns apiece—very well built
vessels—-built in the United States ports. These
must be delivered up. And there was at the point
at Galveston a hundred pieces of artillery, part un-
der sheds, but most of them exposed to the weath-
er. Besides, there were various amounts of mu-
nitions of war collected at different points. Could
all this be examined into and transferred in a few
days ? -The surveys, when made, must all be re-
corded, or the United States would not get the title.
What amount it would be proper to appropriate,
he-did not know. The Government might take
an officer from Texas—he did not care who; or
Texas might keep it herself till the sitting of her
Legislature, and the consummation of her admis-
sion.
But Mr. Y. had rather that we should cede her
back the whole of the property. That was what
we ought to do. [A voice: " What ? cede the cus-
tom-houses to a Stale*"] No; with the exception
of the custom-house*, of coursc. But he would
jjive her back all the arms, and all her vessels.
These were now the only emblems that would be
left of her independence. The ships had still the
holes in their sides which had been made by Mex-
ican balls. Let her have these and all her arm®,
so gallantly used in achieving her independence;
and let her retain them as mementoes of her
courage and patriotism, [A voice: " A .State can-
not have a navy; the Constitution forbids it."]
Yes, i would give her the whole of her little navy.
The time might be coming when she would want
her Moorcs, and her Elliotts, and her Tods; and
she might want, too, her guns to send over the
11 io del Norte, if it way true that the President of
Mexico was about to march his troops towards
that river. Mr. Y. feared not to say this much
for her, that if she got those guns arrows, and once
got them in sight of the enemy, she could drive
all the Mexicans bcfoie her with ease. They
would not stand long before the mouth* of these
pieces. Besides, wo might want n few of those
guns to send to Oregon. They om>ht nil to bo
given back to her. Jfn fact, we nevei should have
had them at. ail. J To hoped they would he prompt-
ly given back. She was ns nmeh entitled to
t'lem as other States. We had been supplying
other States of the Union with arms for these
thirty years. Why was Texas to be placed on a
different footing? She was a frontier State, and
needed them for her own defence. We had it to
do, at any rate. Though there were some guns at
Galveston, they all and more would he needed
there, and at Matagorda, and along t lie Rio Grande.
Mr. Y. was for having the arms left where they
were.
He concluded by moving to amend the bill by
adding thereto a section, which was subsequently
modified to read as follows ;
JM be it enacted, That all the public arms of
every description, and ammunition, now in posses-
sion of the State of Texas, and subject to delivery
to the Government of the United States under the
joint resolution admitting Texas into the Union, be
and is hereby relinquished to the State (if Texas.
Mr. BROWN complimented the poetry of the
speech of the gentleman from Arkansas, but
thought that the prose of the thing was, that
as Texas was now received into the Union, her
navy should constitute a part of the navy of the
Union. He could see no limre need of the glori-
ous "Lone Star*' having a navy of her own than
that the State of Arkansas should, lie would sub-
mit to the gentleman whether both the poetry and
the substance of his argument would not lead to a
conclusion directly the "other way.
But, to go back from poetry to fact, lie insist-
ed it was unnecessary to appropriate $3,000 for
this proposed Texas agency*. According to the
bill, but a short time would be necessary to re-
ceive property with one hand and give it over with
the other. But the gentleman thought that title-
deeds must be examined and surveys made and
recorded, or we should get no valid title. Why,
all the title we needed was the act of the Texas
convention, followed by the corresponding act of
her Legislature, to convey the property to the Uni-
ted States. The idea that we must have title deeds
lest some other party should get a better title un-
der the statutes of Texas was curious, indeed.
Our title-deed to Texas property was the annexa-
tion of Texas on that condition. What need, then,
could there be of sending an agent there ? Would
he take and hold possession of the forts and ar-
senals and navy and munitions ? Not at all. The
bill said he was to receive possession of these things
and then hand them over to another agent, who
was to hold them in possession. This was an un-
necessary ceremony. In whose keeping was this
property now ? In that of agents of Texas, Were
we afraid that they would steal it if we left it m
their custody ? The property became ipso Jacto the
property of the United States as soon as Texas was
an admitted State. Her agent would deliver it up
to the proper agent of the United States without
sending this three thousand dollar man to stand
between the two and pass over the property from
one to th^ other.
Was Texas still a foreign State? Why should
not the man who had staid at home in Texas be
the agent? If the navy became ours, let an officer
of the navy reccive it. If the custom-houses be-
came ours, let the keepers of the custom-houses
reccive them. We needed no agent to receive the
livery and seisin and the legal investiture. We
could authorize the collector to do it. The joint
resolution for the annexation of Texas declared
that her public, property was to be surrendered up
to the United States. That was our title, uud#ve
wanted none other. What a strange idea was it
that wc must have an agent to go hunting up title-
deeds !
Disguise this thing as you pleased, and fling all
manner of poetic drapery round it, it came to this
—the throwing nwny of $3,000 without the slight-
est necessity. It was a job. If the gallant little
navy of Texas wn,-! to he used as ours, better give
its officers these $3,000 than put it in the pocket of
a favorite. When this bill came into the House,
Mr. IS. should feel it his duty to call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. Yi:i.i.\ amendment was modified and read.
Mr. J1KNLKY expressed a wish that the gen-
tleman fiom Aikausas JMt. Ykj.l] had adheied to
his otiginal proposition to give back to Texas all
the public property \v ithin her limits, lie (Mr.
11.) remembered that Afi. Tyler's (reatv, when
first sent to the Senate, contained a proMsion that
the United States should receive the lands of Texas
and pay her debts. Opposition to it was made—a
party opposition—and opposition even upon the
ground that Texas had no lands, but had immense
debts. His party had been driven from the posi-
tion to take her lands and pay her debts, although
he believed it would have been a good bargain.
He did not want a dollar that belonged to Texas
to be received by the United States,and he wanted
her to pay her uebts as her lands would enable her
to do.
This was but the forerunner of a proposition for
the payment of the debts of Texas. That propo-
sition find been condemned; he did not wish to re-
turn to it. It had since been ascertained that the
general sentiment of the country was opposed to it.
Mr. MeKAY expressed his regret that this lit-
tle bill, which lie supposed would have passed the
House almost without objection, had elicited such
a debate. The bill was perfectly simple. The
opposition of the gentleman from Tennessee was
the less expected, ns annexation had been a bant-
ling of that gentleman's own. In that resolution,
it was stipulated that Texas should cede to the
United States all public, property belonging to the
Republic. The Secretary of State asked for $3,000
to carry out that condition. The Committee of
Ways and Means had no means of telling whether
$3,000, $2,000, or $1,000 would he needed for that
purpose. The Secretary asked for $3,000, and
thought that sum would be sufficient.
As to the proposition of the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Ykll,1 it was m direct opposition
to the joint resolution by which Texas came into
the Union. And, in regard to her holding her
navy, surely the gentleman must be aware that no
State in this confederacy could hold a navy of its
own, or fortifications or custom-houses. All these
belonged to the United States exclusively. All
the States, in joining the confederacy, had made a
similar cession. He granted that it might be bet-
ter to let Texas retain the arms: if Congress pre-
ferred such an arrangement, he had no objection
to it.
Mr, McHENRY regretted that the amendment
had been offered; he thought it was by no means
needed. This bill merely provided for the pay-
ment of an accredited agent to receive, on the part
of the United States, the surrender of the public
property of Texas, in conformity with the pro-
visions of the joint resolution to receive Texas into
the Union. The navy, arms, munitions of war,
custom-houses, fortifications, and navy-yards were
all public property: they were to be surrendered to
the Union; but that surrender did not contemplate
that the vessels, and arms, and munitions, must
therefore be removed from the State. Not at all.
All that was intended was, that en inventory
should be made out and forwarded to the United
States Government, and the property formally de-
livered o-s er to some one who should be authorized
to receive it. No doubt, it would all be suffered
to remain where it was; just as arms, the property
of the United States, remained in other States of
the Union. There was no need of any amend-
ment disposing of the property after its surrender.
If the arms, &c., should be needed for the United
States service, they were subject to the oiders of
the Piesident. As there were good reasons for
the bill, lie honed the amendment would not be
rashly pressed.
Mr. RATHBUN thought the whole matter un-
necessary. The Government possessed in all the
States ground for the erection of foris, arsenals, and
dockyards; but did anybody ever hear of its send-
ing commissioners to receive a formal surrender of
such property ? Texas had agreed to cede her pub-
lic property, as she must of course do when she
became a State. When her Legislature met they
would make the cession according to the contract
for annexation, and then the Governor of Texas
would officially notify the President of the Uni-
ted States of the fact, and the Piesident would
send the proper officer to take charge; a military
officer to take charge of the forts, turns, and mu-
nitions; a naval officer to take charge of the ships;
and a civil officer to take charge of the custom-
houses. Where, then, was the need of spendinga
single, dollar in appointing such an agent as was
pioposed by this bill ? Was it not to be presumed
i that Texas would do what she had agreed to do?
The whole thing was needless, and he hoped the
bill would be rejected.
Mr. R. moved that the committee rise; but his
motion was not heard, and the jloor was obtained
by
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS, who was in favor
of the bill. Did gentlemen suppose that the agents
of the United States now in Texas were to gather
together the public property? to take possession of
; the custom-houses and fortifications and ships, and
| gather up nil the muskets and heavy ordnance from
i all parts of the country, when there was no agent
| of the United States empowered to receive them?
i The public character of much of the property could
only oe ascertained by a competent person appoint-
ed to the duty. Mr. D. was against the amend-
ment ; he wanted the arm« brought into the arsenals
of the United States. We had extended our regis
over Texas, and the arms of the State would belong
to the United States, not to Texas. Iler glory was
now the glory of the Union; her people were our
fellow-citizens, and their deeds of chivalric daring
were our boast as much as theirs; let the arms that
achieved that glory come in with the glory into the
confederacy. He was for appointing an agent as
the most simple, appropriate, and economical mode
of accomplishing the end in view.
Mr. IIAMLIN moved that the committee rise;
but the motion was negatived—ayes 58, noes 70.
Mr. YELL, on remonstrance of his friends, re-
luctantly consented to withdraw his amendment;
but gave notice that he should bring in a joint re-
solution covering the whole ground, Indians and
all—giving back to Texas all we had taken from
her.
The question being put on the amendment of
Mr. Brown, reducing the appropiiation to $1,000,
it was negatived.
Mr. CULVER offered the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of State to make careful inquiry into the
value of the property to be assigned and transfer-
red to the United States by the State of Texas, and
it shall be at the option of this Government at any
time within one year, to transfer said property to
the agent hereinbefore mentioned, in lieu of all
other compensation.
He wished to inquire whether it was possible
that a State as large as six States the size of Ken-
tucky could not afford live or six of her citizens to
perform this duty without sending an agent all the
