310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Feb. 5,
way from Washington? We had four or five thou-
sand persons connected with the army, and he did
not know how many with the navy. Could not
they do this? Must we send a special agent, thus
foolishly squandering the public money ? Gentle-
men had better not attempt to make Congress pay
too many such appropriations.
Mr. McKAY rose to explain. The bill did not
say the agent should go fi om this city. He might
be appointed in Texas.
Mr. CULVER asked whether there were not
plenty of applicants here ready for the appoint-
ment?
Mr. McKAY said he knew nothing on the sub-
ject but what he learned from the letter of the Sec-
retary of State.
Mr. CULVER said that this bill appropriated
$3,000 for a principal agent; and then, he pre-
sumed, there must be sundry sub-agents, and sub-
agents under them, to perform this duty, a sub-
ject on which wc had no light. It was a dnrk
cause, and, just like all the rest of the Texas af-
fair, it, must be pressed through the House with
railroad speed.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
The committee then rose, on motion of Mr. Mc-
KAY", and reported to the House its action on the
said bill, and us progress on the joint resolution of
notice.
And the question being on ordering the said bill
to a third reading,
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON demanded the pre-
vious question.
There was a second, and the main question was
ordered.
Mr. ASHMUN asked the yeas and nays there-
on, which were refused.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading at
this time.
And the question being on the passage thereof,
Mr. GEO. W. JONES demanded the previous
question, which was seconded.
The main question was ordered, and, having
been taken, the bill was passed.
And then, at a Inte hour,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tiiubspay, February 5, 1846.
Mr. SPEIGHT presented the credentials of the
Hon. Joseph Ciialmkhs, elcctod by the State
Legislature of Mississippi to serve the unexpired
term of Robert J. Walker, resigned; which were
read.
Mr. Chalmers took the oath of office, and re-
sumed his seat.
Mr. BENTON presented a document in rela-
tion to brevet and staff rank m the army; winch
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. DAYTON presented the petition of Abra-
ham W. Smith and others, praying the recognition
by the United States of the independence of the
republic of Liberia; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition and
documents of George Wentling, an officer in the
revolutionary war, asking a pension; which were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. C. also presented the petition of the legal
repiesentatives of John Brooks, senior, deceased,
an officer in the revolutionary army, asking to be
allowed commutation pay; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claim:-..
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of
Oliver C. Harris, praying the extension of his
patent for a paint mill; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of the as-
signee of Peter Bargy and Hugh Stewart, asking
remuneration for losses sustained by them in ful-
filling a contract for Macadamizing Pennsylvania
avenue, in the city of Washington, in 1832; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. D. further presented the memorial of R.
Moore, praying that Cattaraugus harbor may be
finished and lighted; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BARROW presented the memorial of Cal-
vin J. Keith and others, asking that the awards
made to them, under the convention with Mexico,
may be paid; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BREESE gave notice that he would on
Monday next ask leave of the Senate to introduce
"a bill giving the assent of Congress to an altera-
tion in the compact entered into between the Uni-
ted States and the State of Illinois upon her ad-
mission into the Union."
On motion, it was
Resolved, That when the Senate adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next.
Mr. YULKE submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to;
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instruct-
ed to report what progress has been made in the
construction of formications at Key West and
the straits of Florida, and to furnish the necessary
estimates for a rapid progress of said works.
Mr. MANGUAI submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the 47th rule of the Senate be so
amended as to admit on the floor of the {Senate the
ex-officers of the Senate.
Mr. ALLEN inquired what was the objcct of
the icsohuion.
Mr. MANGUM said he would explain the ob-
jects of the resolution. The rule in question had
become so extremely rigid that none but the
persons mentioned in it as it stands printed can
be admitted on the floor. He meant to include,
and principally intended to apply the resolu-
tion to, the ex-printers of the Senate. Some of
them were performing services to the body, and it
would be very convenient to Senators as well as
to themselves that they shall have the right of ad-
mission. It was permuted in the other House, but
was not permitted here. Gales & Seaton and Blair
& Rives, for instance, had been formerly oilicers
of the body; and, in his judgment, the convenience
of Senators would be mateiuilly promoted by al-
lowing them admission. But tho resolution was
framed so as to include all ex-officers of the body
as a matter of courtesy, lie hoped there would
be no objection to the resolution.
The resolution having been, by request, read,
Mr. ALLEN remaiked that he could not see
the slightest objection to the resolution.
The question on the resolution was then taken,
and it was adopted.
Mr. BAGBY, pursuant to notice, asked and ob-
tained leave, and introduced the following bill,
with the provisions of which he was not entirely
satisfied; but he introduced it, and asked that it
might be read a first and second time, and referred
to the Commiitee on Naval Affairs, who could al-
ter or amend it as was expedient.
The bill passed the first and second reading, and
was so referred; it is as follows:
A BILL to authorize the President to increase the
naval establishment of the United States, by add-
ing thereto the naval establishment of the late
Republic of Texas.
Be it enaclcd, ^*c., That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized to
increase the naval establishment of the United
States, by adding thereto the navy establishment
of the late Republic of Texas: Provided, That the
number of officers received into the service of the
| United States by such addition shall not exceed the
; full complement allowed the vessels composing the
i Texan navy by the Republic of Texas.
| Mr. CHALMERS, from the Committeeon Pub-
| he Lands, to whom was referred the act entitled
! " An act to legalize certain land sales made at
' Chocchumaand Columbus, in the State of Missis-
sippi, and to indemnify the Chickasaws therefor,"
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Bent, St.
Vram, & Co., which was read a first time, and,
with the accompanying report, was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
| Lands, to whom was referred the bill for the relief
of Benjamin Harris, of La Salle county, Illinois,
reported it without amendment. The bill and re-
port accompanying the same were ordered to be
printed for the use of the Senate.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives announcing that said House had pass-
ed a bill making an appropriation to enable the
President of the United States to receive from the
State of Texas the cession of certain property, in
which the concurrence of the Senate was-requested.
Several messages in writing from the President
of the United States were also received,
Mr, YULEE moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the special order of the day;
which motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT announced that the first spe-
cial order was the bill for the augmentation of the
navy.
The consideration of the bill reported by Mr,
Fairfield, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
for the augmentation of the navy by the construc-
tion of ten steamships, and for other purposes,
and the amendments offered thereto, was then re-
sumed.
Mr. WESTCOTT, being entitled to the floor,
rose and addressed the Senate in favor of the gen-
eral principles of the bill, which he advocated em-
phatically as a peace measure. He stated that he
had objections to the manner in which it had been
brought forward and pressed as a war measure,
regarding the increase of the navy as a part of that
policy, the adoption of which was suggested by
true wisdom.
As he did not finish his remarks, it would be
improper to give a report of his speech until he
shall have concluded. After he had spoken about
an hour and a quarter,
Mr. YULEE moved that, owing to the weak
state of his colleague's health, he should be per-
mitted to suspend his remarks.
The bill was then informally laid aside.
The bill from the House of Representatives, to
enable the President of the United States to receive
from the State of Texas the cession of certain prop-
erty, was read twice, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
CUSTOM-HOUSE OFFICFRS.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the Senate took up for
consideration the House bill in relation to the com-
pensation of collectors and other officers of the cus-
toms. It was read a second time; and, being un-
der consideration, as in committee of the whole,
Mr. DIX said, when he made an ineffectual at-
tempt to have this bill taken up for consideration
a few days ago, he stated that it# chief object was
to limit the compensation of the principal officers
of the customs to the maximum allowed by law.
There were two other provisions which were de-
signed to produce uniformity, and give effect to
existing provisions of law. In order to under-
stand what changes the bill under consideration
makes in existing laws, it might be necessary to
advert briefly to the provisions of the latter. The
principal officers of the customs, whom this bill
affected, had been compensated from the founda-
tion of the Government by fees for services ren-
dered, and by shares of the fines and penalties in-
curred by a violation of the revenue laws. What
might have been in 1789, when the Constitution
was put in operation, a reasonable compensation,
had, with the growth of the country, and the in-
crease of its commerce, become unreasonable and
exorbitant. Attempts have been made from time
to time to bring these allowances within reasonable
bounds, but they have all proved fruitless. In
1822, the maximum compensation of collectors
was first fixed at $4,000; but without including the
share allowed them of fines, penalties, and forfeit-
ures. I will not detain the Senate with the history
of our legislation on this subject. Suffice it" to say,
that in 1841 an act was passed limiting the compen-
sation of collectors to ยง6,000 per annum, that of
naval officers to $5,000, and surveyors to $4,500.
The act referred to required collectors, naval offi-
cers, and surveyors, to make quarter-yearly ac-
counts of all sums received or collected by them for
fines, penalties, forfeitures, for seizure of goods on
suits instituted for frauds, for rent, storage, &c.
If the sums so received by the collector amounted
to more than $2,000, he was required to pay the
excess into the treasury; so that the maximum of
his compensation should not exceed ยง6,000. But
in the clause requiring this payment into the treas-
ury, " fines, penalties, ana forfeitures" were not
enumerated. So that he continued to receive, un-
der the construction given to the law, one-sixth of
the whole amount derived from seizures. The
naval officer and surveyor also received their re-
spective sixth parts, and their compensation was
proportionally increased beyond the maximum
fixed by the act of 1841.
