1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
He would now call the attention of senators to
the practical operation of this construction, from a
printed report on their files,. showing the amount
of compensation received by collectors at the prin-
cipal offices of the customs since 1841, when the
act referred to passed. He alluded to the letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a re-
solution of the other House. This document in-
eluded only the collectors, and some of these had
received enormous amounts. It showed that a sin-
gle collector had received in eleven months and
some days nearly $15,000 Another collector had
received in three years and about four months more
than $38,000. He would not stop to enumerate all
the instances of exorbitant allowances; they were
not confined to collectors. He had another paper,
not published, which showed in relation to survey-
ors the same remarks were applicable. It appear-
ed that a surveyor kad received over $12,000 in
less than a year; and he had ascertained that during
periods not covered by these statements, still larger
sums had been received by officers of the revenue.
He made no complaint against the officers who
had received these exorbitant allowances, nor
against the proper authorities who had given to
'.he law the construction under which the allow-
ances were received. No officer is to be censured
for taking what the law allows him. And he would
add, that he believed, from the imperfect examina-
tion he had been able to give to the subject, since
the bill was received from the other House, that
the construction given to the law in respect to fines,
penalties, and forfeitures, was sustained by a fair
interpretation of its meaning. What the commit-
tee, by whom ho was instructed to report this hill,
viow proposed, was, to remedy what would, he
trusted, be conceded on all hands to he at least n
great defect, and to restrict the compensation of
officers of I be customs to the maximum allowed by
the act of 1841; that is, §f>,(HI0 per annum to col-
lectors, $5,000 to naval officers, and $4,500 to sur-
veyors.
Under the provisions of existing laws in relation
to fines, penalties, and forfeitures, a moiety of the
sums derived from theie sources was distributed
to tlie collector, naval officer, and surveyor of I he
district,, within which they were incurred, and the
oilier moiety paid into the treasury; with a provi-
so, that i  case, the seizure was made on informa-
tion, the informer should receive one-half of the
moiety to be distributed to those officers, nnd the
■other half divided between them. The bill under
consideration does not abrogate these provisions;
though they will become practically inoperative
whenever the receipts of those officers from other
sources amount to the maximum compensation
allowed them, when the sums received on account
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures, will be paid into
the treasury.
Haying thus briefly stated what were the exist-
ing provisions of the law, he would proceed to
state, with the same brevity, what were the pro-
visions of the bill under consideration. The first
clause of the first section restricts officers of the
customs who have served for a period less than a
year, to a pro rata of the maximum compensation
for the year", so that the compensation which they
will receive shall bear to the maximum annual com-
pensation the same proportion that the period of
service bears to the year. This clause is designed
to remedy a great abuse—that of allowing officers
who have served a part of a year, under a tempo-
rary appointment, the maximum compensation for
the year, if their fees amount to so much. He be-
lieved the practice was founded upon a judicial
decision; and he had, therefore, nothing further to
say in reference to it, excepting that it ought to be
corrected, as this clause of the bill proposed. The
second clause of the first section restricts officers of
the customs who have served for any period to the
maximum pro rata compensation allowed; and this
maximum is not to be exceeded by receipts from
any source, whether for fees, salary, fines, penal-
ties, or forfeitures, or otherwise. These were the
two provisions of the first section; and their effect is
to limit the compensation of the officers to whom
the bill relates rigidly to the maximum allowed by
the act of 1841. The second section changes the
mode of rendering accounts for the salaries of these
officers. By the existing practice they are now-
rendered at the end of each quarter of the year,
commencing with the appointment of each officer;
or, in other words, the official year. The object of
this section is, to require the accounts to be render-
ed at the end of each fiscal year, producing a per-
fect uniformity, and corresponding with the peri-
ods fixed for the rendition of public accounts. The
third section provided ihat the additional duties
prescribed by the 17th section of the act of 30th of
August, 1842, shall not be considered as fines, pen-
alties, or forfeitures, for distribution among the of-
ficers of the customs. The duties referred to, are
the addition of 50 per cent, to the ordinary rates
imposed when an appraisement of merchandise
exceeds by ten per centum the invoice value, and
thus are designed to guard against fraudulent in-
voices. They certainly could never have been de-
signed as penalties for distribution among the rev-
enue officers, though they are in the nature of pe-
nal impositions; and the object of the section is to
place them in the treasury, where they belong.
He had thus stated the object oCthe bill. It was
designed to introduce what he considered a salu-
tary reform, and he trusted it would receive the
sanction of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTINGTON did not intend to offer
any objection to the passage of the bill, Home of
its provisions were certainly very proper, and
ought to become a part of the law of the land. He
concurred with the Senator from New Yoik in the
opinion that the mode of rendering the accounts
should be changed as respected the time prescribed,
so as to make it conform to the fiscal year. He
thought also, with the Senator to whom he had
just alluded, that it never was intended that the
additional duty imposed on imported goods, when
the appraised value exceeded by more than 10
per cent, the invoice value, should be divided be-
tween the United Slates and the officers of the cus-
toms. It was, however, a question, he readily ad-
mitted, open to some dill'eieiicc of opinion. That
duty was undoubtedly of the nature of a penally,
operating as such upon the importer of the goods
to prevent fraudulent invoices. At the same tune,
he thought no one who examined the whole
of the section could come to any other conclusion
than that the spirit ami object of the law was, to
place in the treasury of the United States the ad-
ditional duly, as in the ease of additional duty oti
goods imported in foreign vessels, though not for
the same reason. That section, therefore, was, in
Ins judgment, quite proper. The first part of the
first section was not open to any objection, in lus
opinion. He believed that to be the true, spirit and
meaning of the, act of 1841, and that officers should
not be allowed, for a period of service less than the
year, any more than a pro rata compensation, ac-
cording to the maximum allowed for the year.
The only part of the bill to be considered as doubtful
in its policy was that which related to the fines,
penalties, and forfeitures. Ho agreed that the
amount thus received was enormous, and ought to
be curtailed. He was willing to make mi experi
ment in the form of the bill, to cut off entirely these
fines, penalties, and forfeitures, from the officers
who received the maximum provided by law, but
not from those in the small ports. Cut with the
collectors and naval officers of such ports as New
York, Philadelphia, and Boston, he was willing to
make, the experiment, to sec if the revenue could
not be collected as faithfully without holding out
those inducements by giving them a portion of the
penalty. In making that remark, however, he
wished not to be understood as dissenting from the
Construction given at the Treasury Department to
this part of the law. The expression was, "emol-
uments and fees;" and there had been some differ-
ence of opinion as to whether that did not include
fines, penalties, and forfeitures. Upon a fair ex-
amination of the. provisions of the act of 1841,
however, he thought that it was apparent that the
intention was to give, in addition to the maximum,
a share in the fines, penalties, and forfeitures.
Such was, he thought, a fair construction of the
law. But those members of the Senate who were
here when that provision was passed, understand-
ing the contemporaneous expression (if he might
use the terms) of opinion then, eould be at no loss
as to the intent of the law.
A n amendment, somewhat analogous to the pro-
vision alluded to by the Senator from New York,
was offered in the House of Representatives, but
offered at a time and under circumstances which
rendered it entirely out of order. It was not re-
ceived; and the bill came to the Senate, when a
Senator (not now a member of this body) moved
an amendment which was substantially the same
as that proviso—the bill of 1841,—"civil and di-
plomatic bill;" and in which amendment, as offer-
ed and printed, there was included not only fees
and emoluments, but also fines, penalties, and for-
feitures, and sums to be received, or what might
be received in consequence of seizures of property.
That was part of the amendment. When it came
to the Senate to be acted on, a Senator from Ten-
nessee stated that he had consulted with Ins friends,
and, to avoid any reasonable objection to the bill,
he v/ould erase that portion of it which related to
fines, penalties, and forfeitures; and it was then as-
signed as a reason that a share in these fines, pen-
alties, and forfeitures was given with the view of
operating as an inducement to officers of the cus-
toms to be vigilant and active in preventing frauds
upon the revenue. That was the object of the
act of 1789, which was the act now in force; and
even so late as 1841, it was deemed expedient to
retain that provision, lest the revenue might be in-
jured by the laxity of those to whom had been
committed its collection. But, as he said before,
the amounts received under the law by the princi-
pal officers of the customs were enormous. Any
one who read the printed statement before them
might be satisfied that the compensation was un-
reasonable. It was the more unreasonable from
the fact that the collectors and other principal offi-
cers were not, in a point of fact, the persons to
whose vigilance and effort the treasury was in-
debted for the fines, penalties, and forfeitures.
He was, therefore, in any view of the case, will-
ing that the experiment proposed by the bill should
be tried.
Mr. DIX said he was happy to have in support
of the bill the concurrence of the Senator from
Connecticut, whose long experience as chairman
of the Committee on Commerce justly entitled his
opinions to great weight on this floor. He had
stated, when he was explaining the provisions of
the bill, that he hail no intention of calling in ques-
tion the propriety of the construction given by the
Trrasuiy Department to that part of the act of
| 1841 which relates to fines, penalties, and forfeit-
! ores. On the contrary, he had stated that he be-
' licved it to be in conformity to the intention of the
j act. In respect to the participation of the chief of-
I fleers of the customs in the avails of seizures, he
! (h sired merely to say, that he preferred trusting to
i their conscientiousness for a faithful discharge of
l their duties rather than to the- stimulus of pecu-
[ niary inducements. Besides, he appiehended that
I the pecuniary inducement might, if maintained, be
' applied to the subordinate officers of the revenue,
who performed much of the service of detecting
frauds without receiving any share of the penal-
ties. He would compensate officers liberally, and
then rely on their good faith for a vigilant perform-
ance of all the services required of them. The
only doubt he had was in relation to the collector
of New York, whose duties were exceedingly ar-
duous and responsible. He was aware of the his-
tory of the bill as it had been given by the Senator
from Connecticut; but he was willing to try the
experiment whether a conscientious discharge of
the duties of these officers depended on the amount
obtainable from fines and forfeitures. He trusted,
therefore, the bill would be passed as it came
from the House; and he felt confident that its op-
eration would be salutary, and that there would
be no occasion to recur to the old system of pe-
cuniary stimulants to secure faithful official ser-
vice.
Mr. DAVIS said the question had been put to
him in the committee, whether he gave his assent
to that bill, and he had replied that he did. The
only hesitation he had was in reference to these
fines and forfeitures. He had thought that the par-
ticipation in the emoluments arising from these
sources might have acted as a stimulus to these
officers in the performance of their duties. But
when he had looked over the documents lying on
our tables, he could not hesitate as to the necessity
for a reform. The abuses which were disclosed,
imperatively demanded a remedy. They had been
properly characterized by the chairman of the com ■
mittce as enormous. With these impressions, he,
was perfectly willing to adopt this bill, by way of
an experiment. Should evil result from it, it
would be easy to apply a check, or to return to the
old system.
The question was then put on the third reading
of the bill; and, being decided unanimously in tlio
afflrmath c,
The bill was read a third time, and passed
