1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
Could this be peaceably done ? How were we
to substitute the laws of the "United States for
those of Great Britain'without a collision. What
was to be done with the British magistrates?
How were we to break up these forts and estab-
lishments over which the British flag waved?
Would there not be a conflict of jurisdiction that
must inevitably result in war? Would it be con-
sistent with the honor of Great Britain, that we
should drive her subjects out of the territory, or
compel them to take the oath of allegiance to our
Government, after all that had transpired, and
aftgr we had ourselves admitted that she had rights
there ? Would England tamely submit to it ?
But what if we were to have war? It was, some
gentlemen seem to think, a small calamity; we
could whip England and all creation; it was mere
holyday work, so easy of accomplishment was it.
He did not intend to undervalue the patriotism and
the valor of his own countrymen. He believed
he had a proper estimate of them. And whilst he
was convinced that neither England, nor all nations
combined, could subjugate the people of the United
States, the idea that the United States could con-
quer and subjugate England was so absurd that it
should never have had utterance here to disgrace
an American Congress. It was utterly impossible.
We had, indeed, in two wars, when we were much
younger and feebler than we were now, won liie
victory; but it was to be borne in mind that, in the
first instance, Great Britain was engaged in a war
with France, who was our ally in tlie conquest;
and that m the second, the power of England was
concentrated in a mighty struggle against the colos-
sal power of Napoleon.
Mr. G., after glancing very briefly at a few of
the considerations of interest involved on either
side, and expressing the opinion that we must
have Oregon to the 49th degree, and not an inch
farther, concluded by observing that, in his judg-
ment, nothing could prevent a peaceful settlement
of the controversy except unwise action on the
part of Congress. That action he trusted would
not be taken. He did not believe that this joint
resolution could pass. It seemed impossible. It
would be a reflection on the patriotism and wisdom
of the American people 
Down went the Chairman's hammer, and the
magic words," the gentleman from Alabama,"fell
on the ear of
Mr. DARGAN; but, not giving it up so,
Mr. GENTRY (finishing his sentence, said,) as
that patriotism and wisdom are represented in this
House.
Mr. DARGAN said, when he took his seat in
this House it was with the resolution that his
voice should not be heard in it upon any question
of debate. He now departed from that course
which he had marked out for himself; and he ren-
dered no apology for it, save that his views seemed
at least to be peculiar. He had listened to the de-
bate with attention, and he regretted that he could
not agree with those who opposed the notice on
the one hand, nor with those, on the other hand,
who urged the adoption of the resolution now un-
der consideration. He believed that a notice of
some kind ought to be given. Should wc fail to
give the notice in some form, or of some charac-
ter, he would ask of t.be House what would be the
consequence? Suppose the difficulty be not settled
by negotiation; suppose they refused to give the
notice under the existing circumstances of the case,
what, he asked, would be the consequence? Would
it not become a political hobby? Are not the
American people taught to believe that the whole
of Oregon is ours? and would it not be urged that
we are afraid to assert our title to what is clearly
our own? Mr. Chairman, it would sweep like a
tornado from Maine to Louisiana; and you could
scarcely hear any of the people who, in response
to the action of their representatives, would stand
and say, "give not the notice: I am afraid of war."
The notice, then, from the beginning, he had
thought, in some shape or other, should be given.
But the question was, in what shape or form, and
under what circumstances, shall it be given? For
if we fail to give it, let one more year pass—let it
be the subject of political discussion at home—and
we will convince the American mind that we own
up to 54° 40'; and when they are once thoroughly
convinced of it, we will have them roused to arms,
and war must decide the contest, unless England,
perchance, should see fit to yield up to us all we
claim. To avoid the conflict of arms was his (Mr.
D.'s) wish; to avoid that evil, he thought, was the
wish of his constituents. But at the same time,
they would be unwilling, he knew, to yield one
men, one foot of territory, that is clearly and indis-
putably our own.
This was the position occupied by the people
of Alabama, to claim all that is our own; and if a
contest comes from such a cause, they would main-
tain their rights, but by no means to assert a title
to more than does belong to us. He was not the
advocate of the British title; but before this House,
and before the American people, he would declare
what their rights are. And although high func-
tionaries to this House might say they were more,
yet he would give them his opinion of the extent
of their rights; and if they did inform the Ameri-
can people now, by this resolution, of the extent
of their rights, he believed the question would be
settled without war; for England would admit
them; for our rights are founded on the principles
of justice—on the broad principles of international
law. Let us, then, fix them on this ground, where
they can be maintained, and the question is set-
tled, justice is done, the honor of the nation is un-
tarnished, and peace is preserved.
They were urged to pass the notice in its sim-
ple unqualified form; but connected as it would be
with the positive declaration from the Executive
that the whole of Oregon is ours, that our title ex-
tends to 54° 40', it would be an endorsement of
that declaration to the American people. Should
1 they make this endorsement, or not? If they did
make it, what would be the consequences? Why,
it was folly to suppose that no war would ensue.
England is in possession north of the Columbia.
She has forts there; she has arms there; she is in
possession. And will she yield that possession?
| He would not ascribe to her courage and bravery
more than belongs to the rest of the human fami-
ly; but he asked gentlemen to point to that part
of history where men with arms in their hands,
and in possession of a country, claiming it as their
own, have yielded that possession upon the de-
mands of another Power, unless those demands
wcie based upon the principles ot admitted right—
upon the principles of international law—unless
they were compelled to yield them at the point of
the sword. Now, if we wished to settle this ques-
tion without difficulty, without bloodshed, let us
make our claims to that portion of the territory
that belongs to us; let us admit that the question
is still one of negotiation and settlement; let us de-
clare the line below which the English have no
right; and his word for it, no war with England
would come from the Oregon territory.
What, then, are our rights? What is our title ?
This brought him to the discussion of the main
question. It is said we have two rights—a right
by discovery, and a right by purchase from Spam.
But the right by discovery is to the valley of the
Columbia. And the same principles on which that
right is founded to the Columbia valley, give Eng-
land the right to the country drained by Frazer s
river. This seemed to be clearly admitted. If,
then, the rights of both nations depend upon dis-
covery, we have rights and England has rights.
Well, where would be the line of boundary be-
tween us ? It was pretty well admitted on all sides,
that about the line of 49° of north latitude would
be the fair line of separation between the two na-
tions, if they depend upon the title by discovery
and possession only. He had heard no one an-
nounce that, independent of the Spanish title—re-
' ly'«g upon our right of discovery and possession
only—England would be altogether excluded from
some claim to that territory; because she possesses
rights by virtue of her discovery of Frazer's river,
and her possessions there, in the same manner as
we have rights by our discovery of the Columbia
river, and our possessions ihere.
Then, to override the rights of England upon
Frazer's river, we have the Spanish Utle. This
title being older, in point of time, the northwest
coast of this continent having first been discovered
by the Spaniards themselves, and we having ob-
tained that title, we are older, in point of time, and
consequently our title is superior to that of Great
Britain. We hold the title of Spain, it is true; but
when wc took that title from Spain how was the
case? We took it charged with all the conditions,
with all the encumbrances that Spain, by her own
act, had imposed on that title before she parted
with it. If the owner in fee of land execute a
mortgage upon that land, and then sell it to ana-
ther, how does that other take the title ? He takes
it subject to this the previous act of the prior own-
er—subject to the encumbrances he has voluntari-
ly imposed upon it. Thus did we take the title of
Spain; and before we rely-upon our Spanish title
to override the title of England on the Frazer's
river, we must look to see what conditions, what
encumbrances rested upon that title when we ac-
quired it from Spain.
This brought him to the Nootka Sound conven-
tion. It was said that the Nootka Sound conven-
tion was abolished or abrogated by the subsequent
war, in 1796, between England and Spam. This
was a proposition which struck him as a very re-
markable and novel one. Treaties, if he under-
stood them aright, may be fulfilled perfectly and
completely on the act of signature and approval;
or they may be (if he might be allowed the defi-
nition) continuing in their character; that is, to be
fulfilled from time to time, as is the case, for in-
stance, with commercial treaties; or they mny
partake of both these characters, as they may
make grants of lands in one clause which will take
effect immediately, and they may make c,.s;iner-
cial regulations m another clause, which regula-
tions will continue to be fulfilled from time to time.
But under a treaty of the first class named, if it
was a clear, indisputable, vested right thft was
conveyed, he asked if a subsequent war beUverrt
the two nations divested that vested right? If so,
we should be afraid, or the gentleman from Mis-
souri should be afraid, how we ever went to war
with France; or the moment of the declaration of
wnr, he would become a French subject; if so, he
(Mr. D.) should tremble ever to go to war with
Spain, for the moment the declaration of war pass-
ed, he should become a subject of the Spanish
crown. But they saw at once that such a propo-
sition was absurd. It was, then, for them to in-
quire into the character of this Nootka Sound
tieaty, and see if its third article did not vest in
England rights which a subsequent war could not
divest.
Mr, D. read the third article of the convention
of Nootka sound between Great Britain and Spain,
of October 28, 1790, as follows:
"Art. 3. In order to strengthen the bonds of
' friendship, and to preserve ill future a perfect har-
' mony and good understanding between the two
' eontiacting parties, it is agreed that their respect-
' ive subjects shall not be disturbed or molested,
' either in navigating or carrying on their fisheries
' in the Pacific ocean, or in the South seas, or in
' landing on the coasts of those seas in places not
' already occupied, for the purpose of carrying on
' their commerce with the natives of the country,
1 or of making settlements there; the whole sub-
'ject, nevertheless, to the restrictions specified in
i the three following articles, "&c.
The right of "making settlements." Mark
that. What, then, he asked, had divested Eng-
land of that right under that convention' And why
was not the Spanish title now, as it was in 1790,
charged with the encumbrance, with the condition
of giving England the right to make settlements
in the Oregon territory where she pleases? Eng-
land had the right, under this convention, to go
and plant colonies in that territory. In the exer-
cise of this right, her citizens have gone there, and
erected their houses, and made their homes. When
were they bound to depart? When were they
bound to abandon their homes, and to give up
the territory in which they have made settlements?
When they had made " settlements," and conse-
crated the soil as their home, without any limita-
tions or restrictions on their rights, on what prin-
ciple of justice or of law could they be compelled
to abandon their homes, and surrender the terri-
tory ?
Unless, then, the treaty did limit this right of
settlement, the English have the right, under the
treaty of 1790, to make their homes in the Oregon
territory, and to fix there their permanent resi
dences, and no power on earth, under the treaty,
could dispossess them of that right. But the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Owen] concluded that
there was a restriction on this article contained 111
the fifth article of the treaty. Now, if this restric-
tive clause has not taken away the right secured
to English subjects under the third article, then we
acquired the title of Spain subject to all the con-
ditions and encumbrances she had made upon it
under this treaty. He would now call the atten-
tion of the committee to these restrictions. H
