816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
would attempt to give them the correct construc-
tion; and if there were any gentlemen of the bar
who listened to him, who would read this treaty
with particularity afterwards, he honestly believed
they would say that the construction which he
placed upon this treaty was the correct one, and
that his position was unanswerable. This right,
under the third article, was subject to the follow-
ing restrictions:
Mr. D. read the fourth article of the treaty, as
follows :
" Art. 4. His Britannic Majesty engages to
1 take the most effectual measures to prevent the
' navigation and the fishing of his subjects in the
4 Pacific ocean or in the South seas from being
' made a pretext for illicit trade with the Spanish
'settlements; and, with this view, it is moreover
' expressly stipulated that British subjects shall
' not navigate, or carry on their fisheiy in the said
' seas, within the space of ten sea leagues Horn any
'part of the coasts already occupied by Spain." j
That was the first resUiction. Did that lestric- t
tion go to negative the right on the part of English j
subjects to make settlements where the land was j
not previously occupied5 It did not. ;
Now, the ,3th article ias supposed to control the '
3d, and to take away this clear and vested light, j
But the construction I put upon it is entirely differ- j
eat. It is in these words: |
"Art. 5. As well in the places which are to he ;
4 restored to the British subjects, by virtue of the -
'first article, as in ail other parts of the noith- j
4 western coasts of North America, or of the. islands :
4 adjacent, situate to the north of the parts of the
' said coast alicady occupied by Spain, wherever •
4 the subjects of either of the two powers shall ]
4 have made settlements since the month of Api ll,
' 1789, or shall hereafter make any, (he subjects of ■
' the other shall have free access, and shall carry |
' on their Uade without any disturbance or molts- j
4tntion.1' _ !
This article, so far from being a restriction, is'
bimply an enlargementol the 4th article. X he 4th j
article says this: "You shall not trade with my j
Spanish subjects." The 5th article: u But in all i
settlements rhat may hereafter be made noith of the |
settlements already in existence, you may trade |
with my subjects." It is simply on enlargement '
of the 4th article, and not a restriction upon_ the [
3d article. JNo other construction could be gi\en ,
to the two articles. j
If this, then, was the coirect construction^ the ;
third mtide stands unrestrained and unlimited; i
and the right to make settlements was vested in :
Great Britain by the treaty of 1790. Well, it thus j
rurhl to make settlements, to erect buildings, and ]
to"fix. permanent homes, is conveyed and vested ;
by the tin id article of that treaty, and there is no ■
limitation of time how long they shall remain; if'
that right was not restricted to any part of the tcr- j
ntory, but was granted absolutely and uneon- >
ditionally, save with the one lestnction of trading '
with Spanish subjects, he asked, in the name of j
common sense, he appealed to all those who bad ;
a notion of the legal effect of tieaties, what mJiu-
ence could a war have upon that right.'' Was he ,
to be told, and were they to endorse the doclune '
at this day, that when a nation enters into a con- .
tract, when that contract is executed, mid when ;
the rights conveyed are vested perpetually, that a ,
war will work a divestiture of those right*, and an- ,
nul that contract? If so, it was a new doctrmc— ;
it was a new er<.> m the history of international
law! No such doctrinc could be sustained. ^
Then he said that \vc took the Spanish tibe,
whatever it might be, charged with the conditions,
encumbrances, and with all tiic restrictions that
Spam put upon it before it passed into our hands.
Now, let us stand upon our Spanish title, and how
a'-e we to treat the question ? We have the Span-
ish title, it is true; but that title is subject to the
neht of making settlements on the part of preat
Britain. 'How can the question be settled. VV e
wish now to make a division of the soil; we are no
looser willing to remain in joint occupancy, t n
the one side, it is asserted that our right is pe:feet,
absolute, and complete, to the whole tcllltoiy-
He was willing to assert for Ins constituents, and
for the American people, every rignt that
to the law of nations—every right which, acced-
ing to reason and justice, they possess, but no
power on earth could make him asseit that we
have a right when that right is negatived—neg-
atived by"the law, negatived by contract; nor
would he hold out to the American people that
doctrine.
How, then, he asked, should the territory be
divided ? Permit him to say that a division by the
line of 49° would seem to be equitable, fair, and
just. He preferred a notice, accompanied with the
express declaration of the extent of our title to 49°,
but he would go for a notice that would even ad-
mit that the question is a subject of negotiation,
without declaring the extent of our title. He
thought we had commuted ourselves to this, be-
cause wc had offered it once—because we had of-
fered it twice—yea, if lie mistook not, we had of-
fered it the third time. How, then, with a title
thus encumbeied—and which we have admitted is
encumbered, by these offers to adjust and compro-
mise—with what faith, with what claim to good
faith, could we stand up before the nations of the
earth and say: 44 jNow we will take the whole ter-
ntory, although the consequences may be to in-
volve us m a war with England;" and, if a conflict
bt tween these two nations conic, permit him mere-
ly to say—for he did not intend to describe the
horrors of war—that the whole ei\ili&ed world will
feel the shock from pole to pole. He would never
asseit a daim m an individual capacity to a pro-
perty that he did not believe his own; he never
would yield what he honestly believed to be his
own. ile would never claim tor his constituents,
and he trusted in God the (une would ne\er conic
when am man upon this door would (.hum for the
Amenc.ii! propU , any right not clearly their own.
When the claim is made, he would not count the
ciwi. or the consc<{nencesof maintaining it. There-
fore, although ho believed the Executive had hon-
estly urged this matter, be was compelled to dif-
iVi wiih* him. Ile thought it became this House
to investigate this question of legal right, and not
permit t hemst h es to be led by the President to say
iHut our legal rights arc precisely what he declares.
If tin y did—if they .submitted to his opinion as to
our h gal rights, and asset ted our title to the whole
of Oregon—was it not \am and idle for us to ex-
pect England to yield to our demands and surren*
dei her rights ? Had the time come when any in-
dependent nation of the earth—-he cared not what
notion, whether Great Britain, France, or Spain—
when any independent nation, declaring her in-
dependence and maintaining her independence,
would yield and giv e up her dear and indisputable
rights be< au*c demanded by another nation? What
nation had ever done it, until she was a conquered or
a subdued nation,and unable to maintain her rights,
and had to ask them on such terms as the strong
nrm of (he conqueror might see fit to giant them?
. Would England, ihen, yield her rights without a
; conflict? li so, she has lost the character she once
| had of being finn, chivalrous, and determined at,
! ail hazards to maintain her just rights. If so, it
J would be a stain upon her honor, a deep disgrace
| upon hei nation, an abandonment of the policy she
1 has ever pursued. She will not make this ahan-
! donment, ami involve herself in this dishonor and
; disgrace. A conflict, then, must ensue if we assert
I the right clainu d by gentlemen. Wc are informed
^ by the Executive, that negotiations have ceased;
! that we have reached a point where all negotia-
: Hons are ended ; that our title is to 54° 40'; and
i that we must be piepared to stand up and defend
1 these rights. lie saw the necessity of giving this
I notice; but he asked of this House—at least of all
tiiofcc who would be unwilling to hold out to their
fellow-eiuzens a claim of more than is our just due
I —to accompany that notice with a clear, distinct,
j and positive assertion as to the extent of these
■rights. England will sec, then, that we assert a
claim io that which is ours, and uo more. If a war
, follows, how will wc stand in the estimation of
' mankind ? " We have attempted time after time to
' negotiate this question; we have offered to corn-
- promise with you upon the lme of right; you have
rejected it: it becomes necessary to dissolve this
; convention; and in twelve months that portion of
| the territory to which wc are clearly entitled you
• mustjquit, and leave to us." If a conflict comes
; from our pursuing such a course, be assumed the
; nations of the earth will justify us, for we are
: forced into a war for the maintenance of a title
■ which is indisputably ours; and we will besustain-
I ed not only by the American people, but by the
i; opinion of mankind, and by the judgments of an
overruling Providence. Let us stand on the prin-
'' ciples of justice and on our rights, and we shall
i| ever triumph. But let us, on the contrary, assert
claim to more tha  m oursjjpsi us negative, her right
altogether, and sa¥ we win drive her hence with a
strong arm, (and that is about the effect of this na-
ked notice in conjunction with the declaration of
the Executive that our title is clear and unques-
tionable up to 54° 40',) and we cannot elicit the
sympathies of mankind. They will see that the
position we occupy is in violation of the rights of
others. He should fear, under such circumstances,
to look to the Throne of Grace for success.
Let us not, then, hold out the idea to the Ameri-
can people, by giving this notice in its simple, un-
qualified form, that our title is good to 54° 40'."tf
we do, who can doubt that the consequence will
be war ? And he believed that the advocates of
this notice thought that war would follow.
One word more. He had intended simply to
present his views upon the question of title; but as
lie 3iad a few minutes remaining, he would allude
to the sentiment that had been advanced, that the
tree of liberty flourishes best when bedewed with
blood, and the idea seemed to impart enthusiasm
to the friends of the resolution. But such, Mr.
Chairman, (said Mr. D.,) is not the tree of liberty
which I admire. On the contrary, if the tree of
liberty under which I rest requires the blood of me
and mine to give it nourishment, I would say,
"Cut it down; why cumberetli it the groundrf
The tree of liberty which I would cultivate grows
best in peace and haimony, and under its shade
all find content and happiness; for its defence,
would I be willing, when assaulted by the hand of
tyranny, to spill my blood.
It mightbc—he trusted it would not be— that we
should be involved in war. He did not believe we
should be, if we would be content simply with our
rights. But if war is to follow the maintenance of
our just rights*, why, then, let it come with all its
horrors; for if we yield or abandon our rights for
fear of war, we lose our position among the nations
of the earth. Apply, then, the doctrine to Eng-
land: will she abandon her rights? But if war, he
repeated, be forced upon us, although he would
not pass any encomium upon his constituents for
their martial spirit, yet permit him to say in their
behalf—and he believed he spoke their sentiments—
they would not ask of their friends to borrow for-
titude to bear tliem up against it's misfortunes. No.
We would gather upon our beach, (said he,) be-
side our native rock, against which the mad waves
of "old ocean" have beat for ages past without
impression made, and still it stands and easts them
back upon her own bosom. We would stand in
like manner and drive back our foes, and make
them seek the quiet of their passions in their own
homes; we would meet the consequences, be they
what they may.
True it was, that the exercisc of the power to
give the notice was purely a conventional right,
and within itself was not warlike; it was entirely a
peaceful measure. But he was not entitled to the
character of a prudent counsellor who would do an
act merely because he may lawfully do it without
regard to the consequences that must follow that
act. Give the notice in its simple, unqualified
form, and we must negotiate or fight. We are told
that negotiations are at an end; the alternative of
war, then, only remains. If we must fight, let us
be on the right side; let us assume the position in
which we shall be justified in the eyes of the civil-
ized world; and then the American people will
have nothing to fear from England or from the
world.
Was he right or wrong ? The decision of this
question depended on the reading of this article of
the convention of Nootka sound. If we depend
upon discovery, England, it is admitted, had some
rights and wc had some. If we look to our Span-
ish title, the nght of settlement is granted to Great
Britain in the Jjjd article; the 4th and 5th articles
make no restriction, no limitation upon this right
of settlement. And war will not divest this right;
nothing but the consent of the grantee will do it,
unless the right is lost by the fortunes of war; and
ere we can take it by force from England, her power
must be subverted and her throne be crumbled into
atoms. A war, then, for the extermination of the
; liberty of one or the other of the Governments is
| the consequence of asserting our title to 54° 40f.
|j Shall we make this assertion, or not? The lives
;! of thousands are involved in the decision of this
ij question. Shall we blindly and rashly hazard
11 those lives without regard to the true state of our
l! title?
