THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CltY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1846.
New Series,...No. 21.
wh® had spent about half his time in commenting
upon the resolution calling upon the President for
information, and upon the resolution which was
passed by this House a day or two since for the
termination of the debate. . The very great con-
fidence withwhich the gentleman spoke of the con-
dition of the negotiations, which have not been dis-
closed to this House or to Congress, might have
induced one who was not acquainted with him,
to think that really the gentleman must have some
communication not open and free to all the mem-
bers of this House. But knowing the gentleman
as he did, he would do him the justice to say he
supposed that, instead of attempting to assert that
he knew such and such things—which he could
only know by getting it from our Government, or
from another source—instead of asserting this, he
had meant to say his opinion was such. But Mr.
li. wa3 opposed to the resolution calling upon the
President for information. The Senate had made
the same call several days previous, and it was to
be expected that the President of the United States
would disregard the call of that body. And if the
information Went to the Senate, as a matter of
course it would come here. And they found that
the resolution was introduced by the gentleman
from Vermont—[Mr. Collameh]—a Whig mem-
ber of this House. Gentlemen of that party, to
be sure, had as good a right to make calls for in-
formation as other gentlemen; but although he
had not a right to impugn the motives of that mem-
ber, and he would not, might thoy not infer that
that resolution was intended to uflect the opinions
of the people on the subject? that the gentleman
desired to make a stab at the President, by hold-
ing him up in the position of refusing to gi*-e in-
formation called for upon an important subject of
universal interest to the country ' lint they were
told that they were rapidly passing this (pie.slion
through before thoy could have time to hear from
the Piesident. lie presumed they would hear from
the President before the vote was taken. He knew
nothing about it, however; and he took it for
granted, if the President of the United States knew
they were about to commit an error in acting upon
the information which he had given at the com-
mencement of the session, that he would commu-
nicate any further facts which might be in his pos-
session, and which would influence their decision
without a call from the House of Representatives:
or, if he did not do so, that the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, who was pre-
sumed to stand in some sort of near relation to the
President, would have received the intimation,
and moved for the call.
He did not intend to discuss the question of ti-
tle. He looked upon that as having no connexion
with the question of notice. They were separate
and distinct questions. This notice was equally
necessary, whether we had a title to every inch of
the territory, or to one-half of it, or not to one acre.
If we had not a title to any of it, he would be just
as anxious that tho notice should bo given, that the
question should be settled, and brought to a final
conclusion, that each party might know on what
to depend. Gentlemen told them if they passed
this notice, connected as it was with the claim made
by the President of the United States, that war
must be the result. But he repeated, that the
House, if they passed the notice, did not touch the
title at all. The time to raise the question of.title
and decide upon it, was after the notice was given,
and when the joint occupation was terminated.
Although he had said he did not intend to dis-
cuss the question of title, he wished to make a few
remarks m reply to the remarks of his colleague
[Mr. DarganJ upon the extent of the Spanish ti-
tle, and the efiect of the war of 1796 upon the JMoot-
Jta treaty of 1790. His colleague contended that
that war did not abrogate the treaty which was
prior to it. A war, Mr. H. admitted, could not
abrogate a vested and a permanent right, acquired
by purchase from another Government. We pur-
chased from Spain and France the territory of
Florida and Louisiana, which had been referred to
by ,the gendeman. For this territory we gave a
lastihj, a permanent, a continuing consideration.
21
No war between the United States and either of
these Governments now could divest our title. But
the provisions of the Nootka sound treaty were
provisions authorizing British subjects to enter
that territory, to navigate, to fish, and to make set-
tlements for the purpose of carrying out these ob-
jects. Now the fact that these words, which he
believed were in the treaty, giving British subjects
the right of u making settlements," did not place
that treaty on the same footing as the treaties by
which we acquired Flox*ida and Louisiana, because
that right to settle \\ras a mere incident to the right
of trade and commerce to be carried on between
English subjects and the natives of the country.
Mr. Ii. referred-to and sustained the position taken
by Mr. Buchanan on this point, as very similar to
that which he had just laid down.
But bis colleague [Mr. Darcan] said he was for
negotiation and compromise—^for leaving the ques-
tion in the power of the President; yet he told them
that he was prepared to declare the extent of our
nghts to 49°. If, then, we laid down peremptori-
ly the declaration of our claim, what ground, asked
Mr. li., was there left to the President for nego-
tiation? If gentlemen wanted negotiation, let them
leave out the declaration of any line; let them pass
the notice, and then let the Government take such
a course as U) them shall seem right and proper.
The title has nothing to do with the not lee; let
them pass the notice, and then we would throw
ourselves back upon our title, and leave to the two
Governments to negotiate, or to bike any other
course they think piopcr. At the end of the twelve
months of notice, then would he the time to ex-
tend our laws, and take exclusive jurisdiction; and
then the question would arise how far the title of
the United States extends.
He subscribed to one idea advanced by his col-
league, end that was, if (his I liaise left this ques-
tion undecided, it would be taken up throughout
the counlry, and beeome one of tiie most import-
ant elements in our future elections. If the Con-
gress of the United States should refuse to come
up and sustain the measures recommended by the
Administration, or some measures which they
should substitute for them, thoy would find that
•the people would take the subject into their own
hands, and, another election passing over the coun-
try, they would leave no half-way house for this
Congress to stop at.
But were we now to recede, to stand still, or to
go forward5 This was the question presented to
the committee, to the Government, to the people.
Which course was most likely to result in nn ami-
cable adjustment, or to produce war? Let them
see what the consequences would be if they should
refuse to take the ordinary steps to bring this issue
to a final settlement. Suppose we refuse to give
this notice, what then were the prospects for a set-
tlement of this question ? Why, England would
say at once, that notwithstanding the President had
come into power, and had attempted (as was inti-
mated by a certain British journal) to " build up a
reputation" upon it, yet the people of the United
States, through their representatives, refused to give
their sanction to the recommendation of the Presi-
dent, refused to sustain him, and refused to settle
this question; and, therefore, they may rest en-
tirely at ease upon this subject, and leave the joint
occupation to stand, which'gives her ull she wants.
The Administration had taken a bold and deeided
step upon this question—had j£one far beyond any
previous Administration; and if the people, through
their representatives, refuse to sanction it, they
would destroy the moral power and influence of
the Administration, not only in this country, but
among the nations of the earth.
Mr. H. referred to the frequent mention of war,
and the fears expressed by gentlemen that war
would be the result of giving the notice, and com-
mented upon the inconsistency of this course with
the course of the same gentlemen at the last session
of Congress, who, when Mexico had been the
party with whom we had to do, had intimated no
fear from apprehensions of this kind.
But in reference to passing a territorial bill—a
bill giving prospective grants of land to our settlers
in Oregon—although he believed we would have
the right to pass such a bill, yet, from the declara-
tions of the British ministry, from the declarations
of some of our leading men, he was disinclined to
take that step. The President, to some extent,
had committed himself upon it; and a very distin-
guished gentleman from South Carolina, who now
occupied a seat in the other branch of the Capitol,
whose opinions had been so often quoted here,
said that such a bill would ultimately involve us
in war; that there was no difference between giv-
ing the rights which were proposed, and giving
the positive rights of grants of land. In 1842,
when the bill of the late lamented Dr. Linn was
before the Senate, Mr. Calhoun himself opposed
it on the ground that the bill should be preceded
by the notice; and maintained that wc had the
right to pass the notice without giving the reasons
therefor. Yet now we are told, if we give the
notice to England, she will send over to inquire
what we mean by it.
Mr. H. proceeded to read an extract from Mr.
Calhoun's remarks on the occasion referred to, as
follows:
Mr. Calhoun said:
" But if our finances were in ever so flourishing
* a state—if the political condition of the country
4 were as strong as it could be made by an Admin-
' istration standing at the head of a powerful dom-
4 inant party—and if our population had reached
' the point where we could successfully assert and
* maintain our claim against the adverse claim of
4 Great Britain, there would still remain a decisive
' objection to this bill. The mode in which it pro-
poses to do it is indefensible. If we are dis-
' pleased with the existing arrangement, which
' leaves the territory free and open to the citizens
' and subjects of the two countries; if we are of the
4 opinion that it operates practically to our disad-
vantage, or that the time has aimed when we
' ought to assert and carry into effect our claim of
' exclusive sovereignty over the tenitory, the treaty
' provides expressly for the case. It authorizes
' either party, by giving a year's notice, to termi-
1 nate its existence whenever it pleases, and with-
out giving reasons. Why has not this bill con-
' formed to this express and plain provision ? Why
' should it undertake to assert our exclusive own-
' crship to the whole territory, in direct violation of
' the treaty? Why should it, with what we all be-
' lieve to be a good title on our part, involve the
'country in a controversy about the violation of
* the treaty, in which a large portion (if not a ma-
' jority) of the body believe that we would be in
' the wrong, when the treaty itself might so easily
4 and m so short a time be terminated by our own
' aet, and the charge of its violation be avoided ?
' Can any satisfactory reason be given to these
4 questions5 I ask the author of the measure and
' its advocates for an answer. None has been giv-
' en yet, and none, I venture to assert/will be at-
' tempted. I can imagine but one answer that
' can be given: that there arc those who will Vote
' for the bill that would not vote to give the notice,
{ under the delusive hope that wc may assert our
4 exclusive ownership and take possession, with-
' out violating the treaty or endangering the peace
' of the country. Their aim is to have all the
' benefit of the treaty without being subject to its
' restrictions, (an aim in direct conflict with the
' only object of the treaty—to prevent conflict be-
* tween the two countries, by keeping the question
' of ownership or sovereignty in abeyance till the
' question of boundary can be settled.)"
Thus they found that Mr. Calhoun, himself
urged upon the Senate and the country the very
proposition now advocated by those of them who
propose to give the notice. 1-ie says that we have
a right to give the notice without being called upon
to give a reason for our action; he says that the
hope is a vain and delusive one, that we can avail
ourselves of the benefits of the treaty without sub-
jecting ourselves to its restrictions and privations.
And he goes on further and says, even if our coun-
try had advanced to that point of population where
it could sustain itself against the adverse title of
Great Britain, that would make no difference—that
