824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
republican family ? Would it be saying too much,
that the magnetic telegraph may be compared,
when extondedj as extended it will be, over the
length and breadth of our kind, to the nervous sys-
tem of the human body? The sensations of its
remotest parts will vibrate upon a common senso-
rium, communicating its ray of intelligence to a
comnfon centie, to be sent to all other portions of
our Republic.
Who, then, shall measure the limits of a confed-
eracy of States like ours? Who, then, shall per-
petrate that almost sacrilegious imputation upon
the mercy of Heaven, and say that the blessings
of this Union are spreading too far? What, then
will become of the cry that we do not want Oi e-
gon, because of its great distance ? How agreeable
the vision of State after State coming into this
gieat temple of freedom, and burning their incense
upon an altar consecrated to the enjoyment of civil
and religious liberty.
The cry of some is that we are not prepared;
and some gentlemen, in deprecating our weakness,
and in eulogizing the greatness of England's
power, have, in my humble opinion, made speech-
es much better suited to the longitude of West-
minster Hall than to that of the floor of the Amer-
ican House of Representatives.- X assert boldly,
and without fear of contradiction, that we are now
better picparcd to wage a successful war than if
we had been frittering away our substance during
the long period which has intervened since the
treaty of Ghent, in keeping afloat an immense
navy, and a great and splendid military establish-
ment. Why, sir, it can be established—I might
almost say mathematically—that by husbanding
our means, we aggregate our capacity for any
emergency; and w-hen that emergency arises, that
this preparation in time of peace, constitute# the
best, the strongest, and most reliable foundation
for effective military defensive and aggressive oper-
ations.
Let the shrill bugle-blast break upon our ears,
and from the mountain side, and'valley's depth,
prairie and wood, as if touched by the hand of
magic, you will see the true sons of Columbia
springing responsive to their country's call. The
shrill whistle of the Scottish chieftain never called
as ready and as determined a clan mound his
standard, as would rally under the Oregon banner.
The people, the great masses, those; whose sen ants
we are, and whose orders the genius of our insti-
tutions demands that we should obey, are heaving,
I might say, like the waves of that great ocean, to
whose confines they demand the extension of the
American republic. And, sir, as wave after wa\e
of public opinion culminates and breaks into foam,
when 1 look around me and see the danger into
which some gentlemen here have placed them-
selves of being engulfed and buried deep, deep be-
neath the turgid watcis, I would warn them, while
there is yet time, to spring aboard the aik of po-
litical safety.
Canute was so exalted oy the flattery of his
courtiers that he foolishly believed that lie could,
by his lordly command, stay the waves of the sea,
and bid them, " thus far shalt thou come, and no
farther.''
As well might you attempt to roll back the tidal
wave of the great Pacific ocean, as it comes thun-
dering on the coast of the Oregon, as to stay tins
great movement, this progressive movement, if you
please, of the American millions; and as a friend,
t would here warn the "Canutes" of this House
to cast their eyes upon land before the waves shall
dash with spray their chariot wheels.
Great Britain founded her first pretensions to
the northwest coast in an outrageous attack upon |
the rights of Spain; and, taking advantage of her 1
weakness, bleeding from the elfects of a disastrous
war, she, under the lash of her superior power,
extorted from Spain the Nootka sound convention,
as the treaty is called, upon which her main reli-
ance is placed in her claim to the Oregon territory.
The value of this claim, even in the eyes of her
own statesmen, is shown by one of my colleagues
[Mr. Owen] to be such as to justify the charge
that she has been guilty of the'most unmitigated
rapacity in the assertion of her claims to territory
in all her negotiations with us. And it remains to
be seen if American freemen will agree to be de-
spoiled with the tame submission of the effeminate
Spaniard. Hers is the robber's title, and thus it
has ever been with her. This vaunted circle of
British military posts, which some gentlemen ha\e
brought in review before us, with a view "to fright-
en us from our propriety,." are but monuments of
her rapacity ana lust of power.
She yet lacks one link in the chain which is des-
tined, if secured, to bind the world in her commer-
cial fetters. That link is the key to the Pacific,
washing, as it does, the shores of both great con-
tinents; and the command of this ocean is hers, and
hers alone, if she is permitted to occupy the har-
bors which she has studiously claimed in every
proffer of settlement, which she has made of this
question. It remains to be seen whether the cow-
ardice of the descendants of the men of Bunker's
Hill, and of those gallant spirits who conquered in
our war of the Revolution, and of our second in-
dependence, shall permit her to grasp it. 1 blush
at the bare suggestion of the possibility.
Mr. Chairman, it cannot,it will not, it shall not
be ! 1 have no disguises as to my opinion of our
right. I am satisfied that it extends to 64° 40'; and
the only shadow of right which England has, is
bayed upon the discouwy of the head waters of
Fra/er's river, in the extreme northern part of this
country; but this she is precluded from by her own
withduuval of all claim except thai based upon the
IVootka convention, which has been fully shown to
give her no territorial rights whatever.
I regret that the situation in which Mr. Polk
found this question, trammelled by our treaties of
1818 and 1^7, as well as the many previous offers
of our Government, much, very much more favora-
ble to Great Britain than the one recently made, and
which admissions had been construed in the eyes
of the civilized woild into evidence of British title,
induced linn, or required him, to make that offer.
By making it, however, he has shown to all the
nations of the earth the strongest evidence which
can be required of a disposition to amicably adjust
tilts vexed question.
1 rejoice that England has refused it. Moreover,
she has done u in h a w ay as to unite, in at least
the district which I have the honor to represent, the
great body of the Wing party with my Democratic
friends, in sustaining me in going the whole length
m the support of our title.
L am proud to declare to you, sir, and to the rep-
resentatives of the nation, that in Indiana, atjeast,
when a question of national honor is presented, the
lines of party are broken as the slender webs
which cross the. path on a summer's day. Let
an appeal b< made to us in support of our national
honor, and we at once resolve omselves back into
our original elements—the Republicans and Willi's
of "/«.
Mr. BARCLAY" MARTIN obtained the floor,
and addressed the committee on the subject. He
would not, he said, on this occasion, enter into the
merits of the title to Oregon—and why? The able
representati\ e of this Government had made it ap-
puu perfectly dear, not only in the eyes of our
own people, but of all the world. Our title had
been set forth not only by that gentleman, but by
a number of our most eminent statesmen—by Mr.
</Ai.iiouN, and by the venerable gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams.] He, (Mr. M.,) un-
like a gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Chipman,]
who had deemed his place of birth a misfortune,
gloried in the land of his own nativity. South Ca-
rolina was the land of his birth, and he gloried in
having been born on the soil which had produced
her Sumtrrs and Marions. It was to him a pleas*
ing reflection that he was born m South Carolina.
IJe loved South Carolina; he loved her for her pa-
triotism. He represented here a part of the State
of Tennessee winch had been designated by a friend
of his—one of the editors of the Union—as the
backwoods. There he had his little cottage—his
log-cabin. There he had been accustomed to read
the debates of the last Congress. Mr. M. here
referred in some detail to the speeches and votes of
gentlemen from South Carolina, [Mr. Riiett and
Mr. Burt,] during the last session upon the subject
of the notice; and he felt, he said, in reading them,
that his old State was ably represented. He (Mr.
M.) had resolved to sustain the President in his
recommendation of the notice, and other measures
in relation to Oregon. He would vote for the no-
tice without any qualification or amendment, and
he would prefer it m the form in which it was now
proposed; but if this joint resolution could not pass
m us present form, then he would pass the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Drom-
goole;] if that cotild not pass, then he would go
for the amendment of the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Black;] and if that should fail, he
would last, yet least, prefer the amendment offered •
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Milliard.]
He wished to make an inquiry ©f the gentleman
from Alabama, who had offered this last amend-
ment, by which a discretionary power was left to
the President to give the notice or not, and at any,
time when he pleased, whether he did not during
the election of 1840, oppose himself to the one-man
power?—whether he did not advocate measures for
the restriction of Executive power? But now this
would snatch from us, the legislative body, the
control over this subject, and confer it upon the
Executive. The gentleman who yesterday ad-
dressed the committee, [Mr. Delano,] had said
that he would give the President this power, and
hold him responsible for its exercise. It might be
the policy of the gentleman from Alabama, and
others, in the opposition to the Administration, to
shift this responsibility off from their own shoul-
ders to those of the Executive; but he, as the rep-
resentative of the sixth district of Tennessee, was
willing to bear his share of it.
Mr. M. proceeded to comment upon the differ-
ent objections which had been made to the notice
in the course of the debate. The want of time, at
present, prevents us from following him into these
particulars. . He lemarked that the venerable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] had said
that no war would grow out of the notice—that he
feared no war, because the President would back
out.
Mr. ADAMS rose to explain. He had said that
there would be no war in his opinion, even if we
persevered in these measures, and that what he
most feared was that our rights would be sacrificed
by the backing out of this Administration and its
supporters. -
Mr. MARTIN proceeded to say, that, with en-
tire respect to the venerable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, the gentleman was mistaken in the
character of the President. He (Mr. M.) knew
well the President's iron nerve and noble bearing;
and if Congress gave him the power to give the
nntico* he believed that he would do it, not re-
ceding an inch from his ground*
Mr. M. referred to some remarks of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Gidjdings,] in which-he had
threatened the South with the blaclc regiments from
the West Indies in case of a war. He must be
permitted to remark, that when he and his coadju-
tors (the black regiments) came to the South, or
any of those who were so fond of the odoriferous
scent of the negroes, that they would all be-kicked
out together. It had been objected, by one of his
colleagues, to the President's course, that he had
oidcred the proposition to be withdrawn in a pet.
He appealed to the noble Tennessee spirit in his
colleague for a vindication of the President from
this charge. He would ask his colleague, what
the President was to do when the British minister
had so promptly rejected the offer made to him ?
Would he have had him to tender another propo-
sition, and implore Queen Victoria to smile upon
it ? His colleague would scorn such a course as a
reflection on the character of our Government. He
(Mr. M.) would say, let us give this notice, Let
the inquiry be, is Oregon ours ? But another ob-
jection has been taken to the President's course on
this subject; and it originated with a gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Culver,] who had said that
our title had been asserted by the President, in a
swaggering manner. But wherein did this swag-
gering consist? *
It was merely in the assertion that the title to
our own property was clear and unquestionable.
Had it comc to this, that the President of the
United States was not to say that our title was un-
questionable? He believed it to be so; and was
he to be censured for not abandoning the title?
For the first time in tlie history of this Govern-
ment had it been asserted here that we had a less
title to our own soil than foreign Governments
had. The British Government conceded that we
had rights in Oregon, and she conceded that we
had a clear and unquestionable title-to a part of
Oregon. Who disputed it? The gentleman from
the Hermitage district told us that our own right
to Oregon was doubtful. It was a most remarka-
ble thing (Mr. M. said) that a member from the
district of the Hermitage should tell us that our
right to Oregon was doubtful. He hoped that the
learning and ability of the gentleman as a lawyer
would not be judged of by this argument; far he
