1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
assured the committee that the gentleman at home
ranked as a very eminent lawyer. He was a good
lawyer, hut a bad politician. Though we had no
title to Oregon, yet his colleague was willing to
put a fence across the territory at 49°. He did not
know before that the law of Tennessee would
justify a man in running a fence through, land to
which he had no title.
.He would now call the attention of the commit-
tee to the remarks of a gentleman from Virginia,
on his right—he meant the gentleman who heard
the mprra'ng drum of England all over the world,
the lone-star, [Mr. Pendleton-.] He liked the
gentleman very well, but not the company he kept.
That gentleman would not give as much for Ore-
gon as the cost of the paper on which the title
deed was written. What objection had he to it?
It was too far away. Was riot the same objection
made to the purchase of Louisiana in 1803?
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Chipman]
had said that Michigan alone "would take Canada
in ninety days, and then give it up and win it back
again in ninety days more. There was as much
truth as poetry in this expression. If it had gone
forth accompanied with the speech of General
Cass, and it should happen to reach the eye of
Prince Albert, he would say, Whose speech is this?
Who was this man Cass, who offers to take Can-
ada in ninety days ? Victoria would send him to
Sir Robert Peel to inquire. He would go and re-
turn, and inform the Queen that this man was on
the northern frontier during the last war, anil that
he was the man who, seeing the British flajf flying
on American soil, reached up his hand, seized it,
and tore it down, and stamped it in the dust. He
would tell her, too, that this same man was in
France a few years ago, and prevented the British
Government from effecting a treaty securing to it
the right of search, by changing the opinions of the
French cabinet on that subject. He would tell
her, too, that there was another man here who
defied the power of Great Britain—an old, bnkl-
trontcd, chunky man, who always stood by the
side of his eotinti y in every controversy with any
foreign nation, and especially Great Britain. And
then he had no doubt tlmf the annunciation of the
gentleman from Michigan would produce a little
trembling in the royal family. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wintiwop] had said
that wo had the better title to Oregon; but asked
if we would turn savages, and fight for it? Tlie
gentleman's regularly reported speech says, "Will
you use brute force, and fight for Oregon?" This
might sound very well for a city where blue-lights
had been in fashion, but it grated unpleasantly to
an American heart. It would be brutal, then, to
fight for Oregon? If Oregon was ours, would iibe
brutal to sustain our right to it? It. was said that
we must negotiate. Had we not tried this for
twenty years without effect? We were told to re-
sort to arbitration. But to whom shall we refer
it? To Russia, or Prussia? They were of the
Holy Alliance, which was formed for the purpose
of suppressing republican principles; arid Russia
would not like to see the Hoosiers, the Woolvcr-
rons, and the Suckers, coming too near her borders.
Should wc submit to Franco? She was already
in South America, where she had wantonly at-
tacked Buenos Ay res; am! we had lately seen her
interfering, in the affairs of Texas, what is the
next, resource? Masterly inactivity? He con-
fessed he did not know what this was. The gen-
tleman from Virginia said it. was the American
multiplication table, and Unit it was a game at
which Prince Albert could play better than Mr.
Polk. The gentleman himself, he believed, how-
ever, had not even learned the addition table.
Some had offered another plan—to waitunt.il John
Bull was an old man, sinking under infirmities,
and then seize upon and gouge him. Was that
American chivalry? A gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bedingeh] has illustrated his views by
speaking of a foolish bird, perched on the summit
of a rock, and waiting for a cloud to pass off. Was
this the masterly inactivity ? This eagle had been
perched there for more than thirty years, and it
was time to give the notice, and untie his fetters
and let him go.
Mr. M. ridiculed the imaginary horrors which
had been attributed to the notice; and he had no
olher fear than that of giving offence to 70,000 free-
men in his district, who said, give this notice, and
if w'sq- comes, we will fight it out. It was said that
we had no generals. We could produce one in
Tennessee. We could get General Jackson's cock-
ed hat and old epaulettes, and hang them on a
pole, and thousands of Tennesseeans would flock
around it and fight to the death.
He did not consider this as a party question. It
was one in which national honor was involved,
and he hoped that it would be considered as a na-
tional question. It had been said that Great Bri-
tain had done us no injury; she has not insulted
our flag, nor invaded the rights of any of our citi-
zens, and therefore there can be no question of
honor involved; but he (Mr. M.) thought there
were several instances, and particularly the outrage
committed on the Caroline, in which our honor
had been insulted, and that had never been atoned
for. He felt that the time was soon to arrive when
there was to be a contest between us and Great
Britain, for she beheld our advance and prosperity,
and looked upon us as her only rival, and would
seek to prostrate us; and knowing this, he would
now take every measure for the vindication of
our rights and the establishment of our power. It
was said that we had no cannon with which to de-
fend ourselves, and that it would take years to
make any; but he was atari to hear the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. TuoMrsos,] say, that
Pennsylvania alone could produce an -adequate
supply. Men enough we had for the conflict, and
the ladies, too, cheered us oil. With justice and
right on our side, we should certainly triumph.
Mr. M. begged leave to tender his acknowledg-
ment, for the floor, after having labored for it for
four long weeks; and he would say to the honora-
ble chairman of the Committee of the Whole, that
if' he (Mr, M.) should ever bo placed in that posi-
tion, he would try to give him the floor a little
sooner than he (the chairman) hud given it to him
(Mr. M.)
Mr. FICKXIN next obtained the floor, and
spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman: The immense concourse, of per-
sons who have pressed to the Capitol each day,
and the profound and unusual attention bestowed
by members on this floor, sufficiently indicate tile
importune e of the subject under diM'usiou,
The masses e\cry where are aroused, (ind the in-
tense interest felt here is but ail epitome of public
sentiment in the Stites.
The Texas resolutions, which were introduced
into this House at the last session with more than
doubts of their success, gained .strength at every
step of their onward progress; and on tlio night of
their final passage through the other end of the
Capitol, a dread and deathlike silence pervaded
the eager throng, who watched with throbbing
hearts the first gleams of the new star ascending to
its place in our political firmament.
A zeal no less burning—an excitement no less
overwhelming—is destined to impel our citizens
forward, until the Oregon question is satisfactorily
anil finally adjusted; and those politicians who
recklessly attempt to breast the current of popular
opinion, will as certainly be swept away by its
wave.
Our geographical position, and the indomitable
energy of our people, alike proclaim that this must
become an occan-bound republic; and the decree
has gone forth, that we shall acquire territory on
this continent whenever we may rightfully do so,
and that we should not part with one foot of that
which legitimately belongs to us.
"Texas and Oregon" were cradled together in
the Baltimore convention, were inscribed on our
banners, and were ilung to the breeze in every por-
tion of the Union. The annexation of the former
was a bloodless achievement, and the occupation
of the latter will be equally so, if we be firm and
united. We should sufl'cr no sectional jealousy,
no touch of selfish or mercenary feeling, to warp
our judgment on a question of this character. JNTor
should we stop to inquire whether the proposed ac-
quisition of territory, east or west, north or south,
gives the balance of power to this or that section
of the Union; but, looking with an eye single to
the aggrandizement of the nation as a whole, we
should extend our limits whenever we can do so
without invading the rights of others; and, sir, the
patriotic course of a large majoiity of the South on
this question will cover her statesmen with im-
perishable glory. The parallel between Texas and
Oregon is striking in this, that those of our friends
who took the responsibility to vote against Texas
fell under the reproaches, not to soy denunciations,
of their brethren, and all the horrors of the faggot
and stake. They now, in turn, indulge the " re-
tort courteous" towards those who differ with us
as to Oregon. While the majority of us must
deeply regret that any occasion for vituperation
should have arisen either on the one hand or the
other, all must be admonished that, on a question
of reannexation or occupation of territory, it is, to
say the least, perilous to be tender-footed on any
part of the ground.
Those who so earnestly (arid I may add ably)
oppose the giving the notice to Great Britain, differ
with us only as to the means of obtaining the end.
They, with very few exceptions, are decidedly of
opinion that our title to the Oregon territory, up to
54° 40', is clear and indisputable, and are willing
to go with us for all of those that I regard as the
strong and warlike measures, which look to the
taking and holding possession of that country.
My purpose, then, is not to upbraid them for
this difference of opinion, but, as far as I can, to
discuss the question with them; to oppose argu-
ment to argument, and let mind grapple with mind,
until the judgment is convinced, so far as that can
be done.
This resolution is debated by the opponents of
the notice as a war measure; and it is sought to be
made the occasion of producing a panic through-
out the country; and brokers and stock-jobbers,
together with that portion of the American press
under their control, are uniting their efforts in this
general outcry against a war. It is doubtless re-
membered by all, that these panic-makers have
been engaged from time to time in alarming the
public mind for the purpose of subserving their
: pecuiiiiuy interests. That Great Britain may make
it the pretext of a war, as she might make the re-
annexation of Texas, or any other exercise of our
rights, the pretext for war if she chose to do so,
is not denied; but that it furnishes no just ground
for an appeal to arms is, I think, plainly demonstra-
ble.
The distinguished member from South Carolina
[Mr. IIhett] seemed to congratulate himself upon
the fact that he was pursuing a course on this ques-
tion in opposition to the venerable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams;] and that, therefore,
be must be right. Let him not, however, " lay the
flattering unction to his soul;''for, unless the signs
of the times greatly deceive us, Massachusetts and
South Carolina, that have indulged the most deadly
i hate and bitter feuds towards each other in times
past, will be found side by side, at the present mo-
ment; and their sons, with a few exceptions, who
have been for so long a time " looking daggers" at
each other, will eomc up and vote together against
the giving of this notice.
It is contended by some gentlemen that negotia-
tions should be nstiii renewed; but I think very
differently. The ministers of Great Britain under-
stand the arts of diplomacy better than ours.
For more than a quarter of a century we have
failed to settle this question by negotiation. Our
offer of compromise has been formally withdrawn,
and 1 think that the matter should rest there; and
that we should now stand upon all of our rights
until that imperious nation shall make us a fair and
just offei. Some, again, are proposing to arbi-
trate. This is wholly inadmissible, for in that ad-
judication we should not be tried by our peers.
Crowned heads do not desire to broaden or length-
en the territory of republican governments', but,
oil the contrary, they are strongly interested in
enlarging the dominions and establishing the doc-
trine of "the divine right of kings."
As well might the question of the divinity of the
Messiah be submitted to the decision of Mahom-
medans and Jews, as for this question to be referred
to the arbitrament of monarchs or of emperors.
We know the decision in advance. No, sir; as
much as I love peace, and desire to avoid war, yet
if there is no other alternative but to arbitrate this
difficulty. I would say, unhesitatingly, let it be
done at the cannon's mouth. Those of our friends
who seem most alarmed at the prospect of a war,
and who have depicted its horrors so eloquently
and so vividly, were not, I believe, when Texas
was the prize, afraid to meet Mexico, Great Brit-
ain, and France, combined, on the battle-field, and
our navy and army were in no better state of pre-
paration then than they are now.
The Mexican minister declared that annexation
would produce war. He demanded his passports,
and returned home. The fingers of Great Britain
and France were traced in the plot to prevent an-
