1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
explored the eastern coast of Q.ueen Charlotte's
island. In the summer of 1791, he visited the coast
of the north Pacific, between 54° and 60° of north
latitude. In May, 1792, he discovered Bulfinch's
harbor; and on tho, 11th of that, month he entered
the mouth of the Columbia river, which Heceta
could not do when he made the attempt in 1775;
and both Meares and Vancouver, after examina-
tion, denied the existence of Such a river. The
tributaries of this river drain the territory of Ore-
gon from the 424 to the 53d parallels of latitude.
In 1804-5, tos expedition was mode under our Gov-
ernment by Lewis and Clarke, who visited and
minutely explored that country. In 1811, settle-
ments were made by the American Company at
Astoria, near the mouth of the Columbia river, at
Okenegan, six hundred miles above, andatSpo-
kau, some fifty miles further up. They were cap-
tured by Great Britain during' the war of 1812, and
were restored under the treaty of Ghent, the 0i.h
day of October, 1818. It cannot be successfully
contended that the surrender did not restore to us
all the country of which wo were divested by the
capture, for the latter was commensurate with the
former act.
Uniting as wc do the title of Spain, who, by dis-
covery] and exploration, was between two and three
centuries in advance of any other nation on the
northwest coast of America, the title of France, to-
gether with the title, acquired in our own right by
discovery, exploration, and settlement, winch is
certainly good as against the claim of Great Brit-
ain, we have a complete and perfect title to the soil
and sovereignty of the country between 42° and
54° 40' north latitude.
The talented member from the Boston district
[Mr. Wiwthrop] facetiously alluded to Adam's
will and the Mormon testament in connexion with
the Oregon question. As the British ministers
have hitherto been unablo to locate this vagrant
claim of title—-some of them relying solely on the
Nootka Sound treaty, and others mainly on dis-
covery^—I must request my friend, at his earliest
leisure, to consult, with his usual industry mid re-
search, the pages of the Mormon testament and
of Adam's will, and if the British title to Oregon
is not recorded in one of those time-honored in-
struments, it may be fairly presumed that it does
not exist anywhere.
I will next proceed to examine the Nuollca
treaty, signed at the Escurial, October 98,1790,
between Great Britain and Spain. In order to a
Hill understanding of the spirit and meaning of
that convention, and to - the position assumed by
Great Britain at the time, it is important that we
examine the circumstances which gave rise to it.
The celebrated John Meares, who, as stated here-
tofore, was merely supercargo of a Portuguese
vessel, sailing under the Portuguese lias;:, was the.
prime mover, the Alpha and Omega of the cause
of difficulty between Spain and Great Britain, of
which this treaty was the offspring.
Lieutenant Meares, with the i.wo Portuguese
vessels, visited Nootka sound, where they were
captured in 1789, by Martinez, on behalf of the
Spanish Government.
Spain having discovered and established a fort
at Nootka sound, regarded Meares as an aggres-
sor, and treated him, as such. Meares, it will be
observed, was a mere adventurer, trading with the
natives, not connected in any way with the Gov-
ernment of Portugal, under whose flag he sailed,
or with Great Britain, under whoso (lag he did not
sail. Portugal took nn notice of the complaints of
Meares; not so with Great Britain, for she, proba-
bly at thattime„desiring a controversy with Spain,
made it the occasion of a most rancorous quarrel
with that Government. Meares presented a me-
morial, setting forth his grievances, containing
many inconsistences and palpable falsehoods.
I will here quote a few passages, to show the
fertile imagination of the notorious John Meares,
who possessed the power to amplify facts in a j
most eminent degree. At page 114 of his voyage,
on the 25th May, 1788, he says:
" Maquilla had not only most readily consented
' to grant us a spot of ground in his territory,
' whereon a house might be built for the accom-
' modation of the people we intended to leave
' there, but had promised us also his assistance in
' forwarding our works, and his protection of the
' party who were destined to remain at Nootka
' duiing our absence. In return for this kindness,
? th« chief was presented with a pair of pistols,
1 which he had regarded with an eye of solicitude
4 ever since our arrival."—Voyage.
On the third page of his memorial to the British
Parliament, Meares says:
" Mr. Colnet was directed to fix his residence at
' Nootka sound, and with that view, to erect a
' substantial house on the spot which your memo-
' rialist had purchased in the preceding year; as
' will appear by a copy of his instructions hereto
' annexed.''
We next turn to the instructions given by Meares
to Colnet, dated Macao, 17th April, 1789, and find,
upon their perusal, that no such instructions were
given as stated by Meares in his memorial to
Parliament. Passing on to the first article of the
Nootka treaty, we find that on the 28th October,
1790, the spot of ground granted by the Indian
chief to Meares had already " swollen into build-
ings and tracts of land.The account of Meares,
of the rapid transition of the spot of ground grant-
ed him by the Indian chief into buildings and
grounds, is only paralleled by the ndraculous
story of his illustrious predecessor, Sir John Fal-
stad, when giving n narrative of the attack made
on him by the men in buckram. And justice can
alone be done to the inimitable Falstaff, by giving
the story in his own words:
u Poms, 'i'ray <;od, you have not murdered some of
tliem.
Ful. Nay, tbritN pa:; pmymg for; lor I have peppered
two of them; two, I am sine, i have paid; two io«uesin
buckiam suita. J tell thee what, Uitl: if I toll thee a lie,
Hpit m my E'der.ed!! nir 11r11e Thou knowe-a my old ward:
here T f.'iy, niid thin t bore my point. Four ro'iu.'s jii tmek-
rmn let drive at tne 
P. Ken. What, lour? thou saidst tint two, even now.
Ful. Foui, ttat; t told thee four,
I'nini. Ay, nv, In- -'-aid lour.
Tlie;- four came ,'iit ;i troilt, mid mainly thm-'t at
me. 1 made lite uoiuoie .lilo, but look llll llieil seven points
Ml my tinsel thus.
/'. !Ifn. fVu'n? Why, tlu'ie were but four, even now.
in buckram.
1'iliiu,. A\, tolll in buckram nit':.
Ful. Novell, by these lull", or 1 am a villain else.
P. Hen. I'mlnet■, let him atone; we shall have moio
anon
Fit!. Host thou bear me, Il.it?
1'. lieu. \y. and inaik thee too, Jack.
l'\;L tJo so, foi it is worlli the listening to. These nine
ill blieki.tnl, that I told thee of -—
V. llfu. Ho, two more ahead',',
Then' points bi'niL' broken 
/'nf'iis. Down left then hn.f.
Fid. Ie ;;ui loL'lve me ground. Hut 1 followed me e!o-'e;
came in foot and hand; unit, with a thought, seven of" the
eleven I paid.
P. lien, i) monsoon.-! Eleven buckram men srown out
of two!"
Thus it will be seen that the story of Meares is
a type, but too faithfully drawn, of tiie fabrications
of Sir John Falshiff, and justly entitles him to the
full name of Sir John Falstaff Meares. And,
strange to tell, it. was the marvellous story of this
man Meares that cauSed the British ministry to
levy ail army, and threaten annihilation to Spain;
anil thereupon the King of Knglaml, in his message
to Parliament touching the seizure of these ves-
sels at. Nootka, says: "That two ve.ssels belong-
' ins to bis subjects, and navigated under the Bnt-
' ish flag, and two others of which the description
' is not sufficiently ascertained, had been captured
' at Nootka sound by an officer commanding two
1 Spanish ships of war; the cargo of the two Erit-
' ish vessels had been seized, and their crews had !
' been sent as prisoners to a Spanish port.." i
Pitt., then in the pride of his power, had inlier- ,
ited his father's hatred for, and contempt of, the j
Spanish nation, and he seized the opportunity to !
make Spain yield to his dictation or overthrow
her empire; hence he demanded the surrender of
her clear mid undoubted rights, and assembled a
mighty armament to awe her into submission: but
the movements of the French Government in order-
ing forty-five sail of the line, and a proportionate
number of frigates, the treaty of peace concluded
between Sweden and Russia August 3, 1790, so as
to leave the latter in a powerful condition to prose-
cute her designs upon Turkey, together with the
financial condition of Great Britain, induced Mr.
Pitt to change his views, and to seek, through the
intervention of the National Assembly of France,
conducted in a secret and confidential manner, a
treaty of peace and alliance with Spain; and the
Nootka coir/cntion was the result of that negotia-
tion. This, it must be borne in mind, was the
second year of the French Revolution, and during
the spirit of republican principles. These facts
may furnish some clue to the reason why the
Nootka treaty is one for the benefit of traders,
hunters, and trappers merely, and does not in any
way whatever affect or weaken the title of Spam to
the soil. The hut of the fisherman and the cabin
of the hunter and trapper were looked to and pro-
vided' for. Great Britain softened down in her
demands and exactions, lest, perchance, Russia,
Sweden, and France might make common cause
with Spain against her, and for fear that the revo-
lutionary spirit of France might seize the subjects
of Great Britain. But for this Spain would have
had to truckle to the blustering of Great Britain,
and to have given her part, or perhaps all, of that
territory.
In this position I am fortified by the celebrated
French historian, Segtir, whose work bears date in
1801. In speaking of this transaction, he says that
England, " under tile flimsy pretence of reclaiming
some contraband ships taken by the Spaniaids on
the west coast of North America, threatened and
declared war against Spain." (2d vol., page 163,
Segur's History.) Further on, at page 171, same
volume, he says that " France, after a short hesi-
tation, notwithstanding the disorder of her finan-
ces, determined to support Spain against the Eng-
lish."
And the cabinet of London, intimidated by this
energetic and unexpected resolution, postponed its
ambitious projects; contented itself with the resti-
tution of the English vessels that had been cap-
tured, and agreed with the court of Madrid mutu-
ally to disarm. The 5th article of the Nootka
treaty, which is the only important one bearing on
this point, is in the words following:
"Art. 5. As well in the places which are to be
' restored to the British subjects by virtue of the
' first article, as in all other parts of the northwest-
1 ern coasts of North America or of the islands ad-
'jacent, situate to the north of the parts of the said
'const already occupied by Spain, wherever the
' subjects of either of the two powers shall have
' made settlements since the month of April, 1789,
' or shall hereafter make any, the subjects of the
' other shall have free access, and shall carry on
1 their trade without any disturbance or molesta-
! ' tton."
| I will now give a few instances of the construc-
tion put upon this treaty by British statesmen, se-
lecting as well those who supported the ministry,
as those who opposed it. Tile Duke of Montrose,
who moved an address of thanks to the king for
bavins: made the tieaty^u'sed this language:
" We are not only restored to Nootka, but, by
'ail express stipulation, we may participate in a
1 more northern settlement, if we should find at any
'"time that a more northern situation would be
' preferable for the carrying on of the trade."
Air. Dundas said:
"At Nootka we have obtained a specific right to
'trade and fish."
Of the, opposition, Mr. Fox said:
" Our right before mis to settle in any part of
' South or North wesi A meriea, not fortified against
'us by previous occupancy; and wc are now re-
' stricted to settle in certain places only, and under
'certain restrictions; we had obtained an admission
' of our rights to settle to the north, and even that,
' we had not obtained with clearness, as the Span-
' ish settlements were the only mark of limits."
Lord North said : " Was it not necessary to
'know the reasons for so vague a delineation of
' our rights in the northwestern American seas as
'the convention contained, and of the boon of
'Spam's not colonizing beyond the most northern
1 of her settlements?"—(See vol. 28, pages 980,996,
Parliamentary History.) It is thus shown that
Great Britain could make no settlements south of
Nootka sound. That this Nootka treaty was one
for the purposes of commerce, navigation, and
trading with the Indian tribes, and that it does not
confer the right of soil and sovereignty, is further
shown by Messrs. Huskisson and Addington in
their communication to Mr. Gallatin in 1826, while
negotiating about the territory of Oregon. They
say: "Great Britain claims no exclusive sovereign-
' ty over any portion of the territory on the Pa-
' cific between the 42d and 49th parallels of lati-
' tude; her present claim—not in respect to any
' part, but to the whole—is limited to a right of
' joint occupancy in common with other States,
' leaving the right of exclusive dominion in abey-
'ance; and her pretensions tend to the mere main-
' tenance of her own rights in resistance to the ex-
' elusive character of the pretensions of the United
'States." "The rights of Great Britain are re-
