1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
our people, and they are at all times eager for a
war with her when occasion shall require it; and
if Great Britain shall make war upon us because
of tile assertion and maintenance of our rights,
upon her head must rest the consequences.
Before the conflict is ended, her foundations may
be sapped—her days may be numbered—and some
modern Daniel may be called upon to read and to
interpret the handwriting on the wall.
The territory of Oregon is bounded on the north
by the parallel of 54° 40', on the east by the Rocky
mountains, south by the 42d parallel, and west by
the Pacific. It is about 650 miles in length and
550 in breadth, and contains about 360,000 square
miles.
Although for a number of years past but few of
our citizens, except trappers and hunters, have
gone to Oregon, yet within the last three or four
years the tide of emigration to that country has
rapidly increased. Distance seems to be overlook-
ed by them. Nothing can be more interesting than
the narratives given of the travels, from day to day,
of the thousands who are marching over the bar-
ren plains and sandy deserts to Oregon. In 1843,
among other emigrants, there passed through my
section of country an elderly gentleman, with his
wife, his children, and his grandchildren, number-
ing between tliirty and forty. They had their
/locks and their herds with them, and, camping for
a few days in one of our prairies, they purchased
some cattle to add to their stock. The old man had
a bright eye, a firm step, and a heart that quailed
not in contemplating dangers and difficulties. He
was going to get land for his children and grand-
children to occupy the American soil; and 1 could
not but think how greatly our people were in ad-
vance of the Government.
These accounts constantly remind us of the trav-
els of the patriarchs of old; and looking back
through the dim vista of time to the days of primi-
tive simplicity, we see Abraham and Lot pitching
their tents in the laud of Canaan and the plains of
Jordan, separating to the right hand anil to the left,
to prevent strife between their herdsmen, as the
whole land was before tliem; when Jacob, with
his household and his cattle that were very streaked
and speckled, departed from Padan Aram, the home
of Laban, his father-in-law, and returning to visit
his father in the land of Canaan, met and ex-
changed fraternal salutations with his brother Esau,
in " the land of Seir," the country of Edotn; when
Moses and Aaron, following the " pillar of cloud
by day and the fire by night," conducted the chil-
dren of Israel in their pilgrimage through the wil-
derness. Here, however, the parallel ceases, for
the American flag has not been furnished to our
ale, and the American laws have not been ex-
it! over them, to guide them to, and shield
them in, the " land of promise" beyond the moun-
tains; yet they press onward with an ardor and an
energy which fatigue cannot exhaust or subdue,
encountering at every step the untutored savage,
and enduring toils and privations known only to
the hardy pioneer.
We can nave but a faint conjecture of the tumult
of delight and the wild and rapturous joy which
heaves the bosom of those enterprising spirits,
when from the crest of the Rocky mountains they
first gaze upon the hills and valleys, mountains and
rivers beyond—when they stand upon the bluft's,
and with bewildering delight hear the roar of' the
mighty Pacific. These men have gone forth to
found an empire, animated by the same noble and
generous impulses which bore the pilgrim fathers
across the deep to the rock of Plymouth, and
which tempted Boone in ventures across the Cum-
berland mountains, and through the feitile and
beautiftd vales of Kentucky to the banks of the
majestic Ohio.
Who of them in those days could sec even dim-
ly in the future the new States which would spring
up and spread over this continent from sea to sea?
The wildest dreams of the enthusiast of those
days have been more than realized, for the march
of improvement has outstripped the imagination
itself. There is in this untameable spirit of enter-
prise—which is one of the elements of the nature
of the American people—no touch of sordid or
mercenary feeling._ They go forth to see, to ex-
plore, and to inhabit the green and glad earth which
God has given them, and ocean and mountain bar-
riers will not restrain, cannot limit, their onward
march.
About the parallel of 48°, there are some excel-
lent harbors; but south of that there are none, ex-
cept Bulfinch's harbor and the mouth of the Co-
lumbia—neither of them very desirable.
The country abounds in mountains and valleys,
rivers and plains, woodlands and prairies, and
from its climate and soil it is destined to be one of
the finest grazing countries on the continent.
Captain Spalding, in his letter, says:
" The colony from the United States is situated
' on the Willamette, (a branch of the Columbia,)
' about ninety miles from the mouth of the river,
'which is und oubtedly the finest grazing and wheat
' country in Oregon.
" The extent of the country comprising the Wil-
' lamettc valley, is about 300 miles long and 200
' broad, interspersed with wood, generally of suffi-
' cient quantities for tliel and fencing. The land,
' in its natural state, is usually ready for the plough,
' and is very fertile, producing from 25 to 40 bush-
' els of wheat to the acre; and the climate is so
' mild, that the cattle subsist in the fields without
' fodder or shelter of any kind being prepared or
' provided for them through the winter. Probably
' no place in the world affords greater inducements
• for emigrants."
"One farmer in 1837 raised 4,500 bushels of
' wheat, 4,000 bushels peas, 1,700 bushels barley,
' and 1,500 bushels oats.
" Figs, citrons, oranges, lemons, and most of the
' fruits common to the United States grow there.
" Farmers can raise any number of cattle, horses
' and hogs—sometimes five or six hundred head of
' each kind of animals.
" Wheat is nominally worth $1 per bushel; beef,
' 6 cents per pound; pork, 10 cents; cows, $50 each;
' oxen, $(>0; horses, $35; potatoes bring about 25
' cents per bushel; and labor is worth about «,35
' per month—the laborer being found by his eni-
' ploycr.M
From this outline it will be perceived that Oregon
is as favorably endowed by nature with all the ele-
ments of wealth and greatness as any section of
the Union, and all that is required for the develop-
ment of its resources is the hand of industry and
labor.
Not less gifted is it by nature for commerce; and
in tin's point of view it occupies the most com-
manding position. lis geographical advantages of
situation enables it, under the control uf an aclhe
and energetic American population, to penetrate
every path and island of the Indian ocean, whether
in puisuit of the whale, or in the rich products of
the tropics—consisting of cotton, indigo, tea, cof-
fee, sugar, spices, and all the luxuries which can
minister to the wants of man. Being opposite and
near to Asia, it can, by means of commerce, enter
largely into the East Indian and China trade, and
draw from the mines of eastern wealth and magnifi-
cence countless millions, and plant upon hei"sea-
board, cities destined to rival in grandftur ancient
Carthage, Tyre, and Venice.
Such is the spirit of the present age that the im-
provements and lacility of intercourse amongstna-
tions and communities have outstripped the imagi-
nations and expectations of the most sanguine; and
it is not chimerical to say that, in a few years, rail-
roads will cross the Rocky mountains and con-
nect with St. Louis; thence by thatand every mode
of connexion with the large Atlantic and'inland
cities, diffusing for home and foreign consumption
a trade whose vastness and extent would outvie
any heretofore known m the experience of the
world.
Thus having the Atlantic on the east and the
Pacific on the west, our commerce would display
its canvass on both oceans, and bear from every
clime the rewards of its enterprise. Every sinew
and artery of the nation would be quickened and
invigorated by the new impulse given to its strength
and activity, whilst agriculture would reap the
golden fruits of the harvest, and manufacturerslearn
to excel the best productions of other nations.
Having, I trust, in my feeble manner, illustrated
the advantages resulting to this country by holding
our territory on the Pacific, and having shown that
the title is unquestionably in us, we have, it seems
to me, but one course to pursue, and that is, in a
pcaceable, quiet, but at the same time determined
manner, to maintain our rights, come what may.
Ours should be a peace policy. We should
avoid war if we can do so without dishonor; but
rather than suffer the national tone to be depressed,
the stars and stripes to be dimmed, or the territory
which is rightfully ours to be wrested from us, we
should unhesitatingly make this last appeal of na-
tions without counting cost or consequences.
While we would not invade the rights of the
weakest, we should not, with impunity, submit to
wrongs from the most powerful and haughty nation
on the globe.
" Be just and fear not;" and if in the dispensa-
tion of events war should come upon us, I cannot
doubt but that at its close, as at its commencement,
the American eagle would hover over us with his
eye unquenched and his spirit unterrified.
Mr. PARISH obtained the floor and spoke
about an hour on the subject, but we have room
scarcely for a glance at his remarks. He sup-
ported the resolution as it was reported from the
Committee on Foreign Relations-, and he sent to
the Chair the following additional resolutions,
which, he said, he intended to offer; and they
were read as follows: .
Mesolved bij the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the Umted~States of Jhneriea m Congress as-
sembled, That the political opinion which inculcates
that this Government cannot enlarge its territorial
limits, or by discovery or treaty increase the num-
ber of States in its Union without endangering its
peace, its strength, and its perpetuity, as also the
political opinion that any such enlargement or
admission evinces a spirit of aggrandizement, of
conquest, or of ambition, are opinions emanated
by the advocates of arbitrary governments, which
are proven false, in our own opinion, and cannot
be admitted by the American people.
Resolved, That whilst we concede to European
forms of government, where in theory the crown
is the source from winch all power emanates, that
political balances may he necessary to create and
maintain rulers, and to check, limit, and control
the people; and whilst the pacific character of this
Government bus been, and ever will be, scrupu-
lously maintained by non-intcrfercnce with their
systems oil their own continent; yet on the Amer-
ican continents, where government emanates from
the people, and the administrators are but the rep-
resentatives of the popular will, no such political
balance ol power is necessary, and any and every
attempt to enforce it here will be resisted by thnj
Government.
Resoh'cd, That the late indication, even by a
friendly power, to introduce on the American con-
tinents the Euiopean system of balance of power,
justified the President in his annual Message in
bringing the subject before Congress and the coun-
try, and in declaring before the world that the
American continents, by the free and independent
condition which they have assumed and maintain-
ed, are henceforth not to be considered as subjects
for future colonization by any European power;
and that it should he distinctly announced to the
world as our settled policy that no European colo-
ny or dominion shall, with our consent, be planted
or established on any p;u t of these continents.
licsalved, That ting principle, thus avowed, whilst
it docs not pretend to create or perfect title, has an
immediate application to the Oregon territory, wlieie
our title is clear and unquestionable, and has aris-
en, and its declaiation and maintenance become
necessary, since the proposition was submitted to
the British Minister to adjust the boundary at
'forty-nine degices north latitude, and now pre-
cludes the Executive from accepting any proposi-
tion, or entering into any treaty, whereby any por-
tion of the country westward of the Stony or
Rocky mountains shall be ceded to Great Britain.
Mr. P. spoke of the issues made at the Balti-
more convention—the reduction of the tariff, the
independent treasury, Texas and Oregon, and of
their relative importance. He would go for the re-
solution as the means of carrying out the great ob-
ject proposed by that convention. He would also
support the measures which were to follow the no-
tice, for the extension of our jurisdiction, the es-
tablishment of Indian agencies, &c. He did not
believe that war would result from any of these
measures. It rested with England whether there
should be peace or war. If her policy was peace,
she would yield Oregon at once; but if she wanted
a war, she could make it upon any other pretence;
she could do it through Mexico. He believed that
England would yield the question. He knew it
was said that England never yielded anything; but
this was a mistake; and he proceeded to point out
instances in the history of our transactions with
her, in which she had yielded. In regard to Lou-
isiana, she opposed the extension of our territory
