330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
over that region, but she yielded that point; when
tnis Government extended its jurisdiction over
Flonda, England interposed in behalf of Spain,
her ally, but she abandoned the point; she inter-
fered in opposition to the annexation of Texas,
but that point she gave up. She had always op-
posed the extension of our territory, but never
"With success. Mr. P. proceeded to refer to other
positions taken by the United States in regard to
territory, and assertion of the principle of non-co-
lonization of American territory by European pow-
ers, as instances m which we had successfully op.
posed the policy of Great Britain. She had inva-
riably yielded every point when she found herself
firmly resisted, and she would yield a^-ain. She
would never venture a war upon it. He did not
feet this to be a local question ; he viewed it as in-
volving the great principle of the extension of our
temtoiy—a &oveieignty over our own soil, and the
prevention of foreign interference.
Mr. CLARKE obtained the floor, and spoke in
favor of the notice. He expressed the gratification
he felt at the unanimity with which it had been ad-
mitted on all sides of the House that, if peaceful
efforts should fail, and a conflict should be the re-
sult of the controversy, all parties would unite
in bringing it to an honorable and a glorious is-
sue.
He declared that, as he had been the warm friend
of the admission of Texas, so he was not less the
friend of Oregon, and of the adoption of such
measures aw, in the event of war lor its possession,
would most promptly and decidedly establish our
claim to it.
_ lie entered with some minuteness into the ques-
tion of title, especially as regarded the claims of
threat Britain under theNootkasound convention,
wnh a \ icw to show the abrogation of that conven-
tion by the war of 1796, and the consequent de-
struction of the righrs of Great Britain under it.
He professed himself to be one of those who be-
hoved that our title to the whole of Oregon was a*
clear as it was to any part of the territory; and
that if we had no title to the whole, we had no title
to any part.
He assigned a series of reasons for the vote, ho
intended to give in favor of the notice, and advert-
ed, incidentally, to the question of the probability
of war growing out of that measure. Deprecating
war with any nation as a great and grievous calam-
ity, of which he entertained a just appreciation,
he yet argued that considerations of that kind
should not be allowed to have any controlling influ-
ence, at least m a case in which our rights wove
as clear as m this, 1 hnuoh they might be allowed to
turn the scale in a controversy as to rights that
were doubtful. Whether the assertion of our man-
ifest rights would or would not involve us in a war
was, at the best, a mere matter of idle speculation.
He would not stop to inquire whether the notice
would or would not have that effect; it was only a
preliminary step to such other measures as might
be necessmy or inevitable. He believed, how-
ever, that the prospect of a war was fay from vis-
ionary or chimerical—he did not say immediately.
"When he made ibis declaration, he took it for
granted that wc were to go fin* the whole of Oie-
gon; and even if we were to limit our title to 49°,
there was still the old song about the Columbia
river and Vancouver's island; and it could not be
disguised that the same old difficulty still stood in
the way of a settlement. The joint right to navi-
gate the Columbia would still be the .sine qua non of
the Bixtisli Government, alid that the President had i
said we could not yi<dd. All depended, therefore,
on the fact whether Great lintain would back out :
or not from that proposition. He had discovered
no indication that she would. But he could not
see that any war was to grow out of the question, ;
unless Great Britain should be the aggressor.
Mr. C. contended that the masterly-inactivity" ,
principle, whether wise or stupid, had' been trusted ;
to long enough as a means of settlement. He never ,
had had any confidence in it. Therefore he was in '
tavorof the notice. In going for it, he should fol- 1
low the lead of no man; neither of the illustrious :
gentleman from Massachusetts, nor of the gentk- !
man from Virginia. He knew no leader, and should :
follow none. Whatever the interests and the wel-
fare of. his constituents required at his hands, that
he should do promptly and cheerfully. [This
speech will be given hereafter in the Appendix.]
Mr. FOOT obtained the floor, and yielded to a
P motion that the committee rise.
No quorum voted, and the committee rose and
reported that -fact to the House.
Mr. BR0MGOOLE moved a call of the House.
A motion to adjourn was made, and, by yeas and
nays, rejected.
But a quorum voted.
So the Chairman resumed his seat in committee.
Mr. FOOT obtained the floor, and addressed the
committee. At this late hour he would not trouble
the committee with any remarks on this question,
did he not feel it to be one of deep importance. He
did not arrogate to himself the power to add any
new arguments after the elaborate and able discus-
sion wliirh the subject had undergone. He would
examine some of the grounds on which was rested
the exclusive title of the United States. He did
itoI say that neither the United States nor Great
Britain had rights m Oregon; but he assumed, as the
bu<ns of his argument, that the title rested on evi-
dence of a character so a ague and inconclusive as
to present one of those doubtful questions which
were peculiarly fit and proper subjects for negotia-
tion and compromise. For twenty-five years Ore-
iron had been the subject of conflicting titles, each
party assorting its rights. These had been the sub-
ject of argument, negotiation and compromise un-
der different Administi ations, representing the views
and policy of different parties, while both Govern-
ments had actually occupied a part of the territory
in dispute. The question was forced on our con-
sideration, whether it was proper to give the notice
of the termination of the convention of 18527, and
whether we should hazard the consequences of as-
serting an exclusive claim to Oregon; or whether
vwp shrmld leave the question open for further ne-
gotiation and compromise? whether we should
adopt extreme measures, and go for the whole of
Oregon or none, war or no war; or whether wc
should endeavor to maintain the peace us well as
the honor of the country ?
Mr. F. proceeded to ;n gue. that our national honor
Mould not bo compromised by the continuance of
th^ negotiation. He dul not think that any one
w.ts authorized to make such a declaration, when
Rutland herself wished to compromise. What
piovoention bad England offered which rendered it
ne< essarv for us to appeal to arms ? Had our flag
been violated,or our soil invaded } Had England
infringed upon the treaty of 1827? On the con-
trary, she had discharged alt her duties under that
treatv, and she had interrupted none of those
friendly relations which were so important to both
nations. This was a mere question of territory,
and such a question was most proper to be settled
by negotiation, treaty, or reference. It was merely
a disputed chum to territory, about which both
parties honestly differed, and both could recede
from their extreme demands, not only without dis-
honor, but with perfect propriety. It would be
n shock to the moral sense of the world if two such
enlightened nations should fail to settle such a
question amicably. Hut had wc a clear and perfect
title to Oregon ? For the sal«> of argument, admit
tho assumption. Then our case was so much the
betti r for arbitration. F>nt, however well satisfied
wo might he of the validity of our title, we had to
meet an adveise claim, and one that had long been
asserted by a party which had exercised certain
rights and privileges there. He would ask, there-
fore, if we were warranted in asserting that Eng-
land had no color of title?
We were obliged lo treat her claims in a-can did
manner, so long as England treated us in the same
way. Suppose England should close the door to
further negotiation, and refuse to submit to arbi-
tration, and demand the whole of Oregon, and say,
if you choose to go to war on this account, the con-
sequences would be on us; would it-not be resented
by the United States ? Would it not be condemned
by the whole civilized world ? Would it leave us j
any alternative but submission or war ? We could 1
not suppose that Great Britain would be less sen- j
sitive than we weie on such a subject. If we did j
all this, w'nich we had supposed 'England to do, 1
would not England go to war? There was a golden |
rule applicable to nations as well as individuals— :
do unto others as you would have them to do to !
you. Believing that this controversy could be ad- j
justed, and that the American people wished it to I
he ad justed, he would oppose any course of action j
that would tend lo clo^e the door to negotiation, j-
However much gentlemen might be disposed to
decry and denounce those who had heretofoie of- ,
ferred the 49th parallel, or to censure the late offer •
by this Administration, he believed that if it had
been accepted, it would have met the sanction of
the American people, and been hailed with enthu-
siasm even by the supporters of the declarations of
the Baltimore convention. He would not suppose
that the offer of this Government was made in bad
faith; and, therefore, he considered that the ques-
tion was still open to compromise by the Adminis-
tration. And he referred to the last sentence in
Mr. Buchanan's letter to Mr.Pakenham as aproof
of this. -If he did not misinterpret the language of
the official document, nor misunderstand its mean-
ing, then it was proper to let the management of
the subject remain where the Constitution had
plaecd it; and he would do so, in the hope that they
were disposed to bring it to a satisfactory conclu-
sion, and that they would be able to do so. If we
did not avoid ato irritating course, an amicable ad-
justment of the question would be difficult; neither
party would tolerate a pretension to an exclusive
possession of Oregon. If wc directed the notice to be
given forthwith, and without qualification; and fol-
lowed it up with an assertion of our exclusive title,
and further by declaring that it should no longer be
the subject of negotiation—as a bill before the
House proposed—he ventured his poor opinion
that war would be the consequence. If we should
do this, we ought to take time to prepare. In
grasping after additional territory, we seemed to
forget that we had a home and a country here
which ought to be defended. Who were they who
demanded the sacrifices of war, and claimed ex-
clusive patriotism, and denounced the friends of
peace and compromise? Whence came this storm
of arrogance ? Not from the sober and considerate
people of the United States. Divest the subject of
all the interference of false patriots and noisy and
interested demagogues, ana the whole question
could be settled in ninety days. When we Have
provoked a war with England, what would we gain
by it? Not Oregon. No sensible man believed
that. Every gun and soldier would be wanted to
defend ourselves at home. Our people would be
driven out of Oregon. No one supposed that Eng-
land could conquer us any more than we could
conquer England; but she would be able to drive
us out of Oregon. What would be the result?
To negotiation we must come St last/unless war
should be preferred. The people1 of this country
did not want a war. Its effects oh public morals
was such as to be destructive of the principles of
liberty. War blotted out those republics which
had slept in the tomb for ages, and would prove no
resurrection. We had read history in vain, if we
had not learned that it was this war spirit which
destroyed the germs of liberty in every republic
that had ever arisen.
The world had taken breath since the battle of
Waterloo, and the spirit of peace had since pre-
vailed. "Everything that could adorn the character
of mankind had flourished during the last thirty-
years of peace. It had been an age of unexampled
progress in every art and science.
War, he knew, was sometimes unavoidable; but
if we went into it, let us be in the right. If the
sword be drawn, let it be in defence of our just
rights, after exhausting every means of an honor-
able adjustment. In such a crisis, the whole coun-
try would come up to the maintenance of our cause
as with one voice and one hand. He represented
a small border State, but whose people, in industry
and energy, in intelligence ana patriotism, were
surpassed by none. The sons of the American
Switzerland would be foremost in the conflict. Mr.
F. went on to pass a warm eulogy on the patriots
who had illustrated the history of Vermont, and to
rebuke the remark of a gentleman from Michigan,
that.hc considered it a misfortune to be born there.
If this country should be involved in war, there
was some relief in the idea that it would not be
without some beneficial results. At this point the
Chairman's hammer went down.
Mr. STARKWEATHER obtained the floor,
and addressed the committee in a very humorous
strain in favor of the notice. His remarks will ap-
pear hereafter in the Appendix. :
Mr. W.HUNT briefly gave his views on the value
and extent of our title. "He was satisfied that we
had a good and unquestionable title to the whole
of Oregon that was really worth having—viz: to
the part south of 4i)°. With reference to the re-
mainder of the territory, he believed that our title
was better than that of England. He dwelt upon
the importance, in a commercial point" of view, of
