1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
our having a foothold upon the Pacific, anil de-
clared that our rights to the territory, so far as they
extended, he would be the last to surrender.
Advancing now to the main question under con-
sideration—the question of notice—he expressed
the opinion that the peace of the country required
that this question should be brought to a speedy
decision. > He was prepared to give the notice—to
vote for a resolution conferring on the Executive
full power to give the notice in such time and
manner as in his discretion should be best calcu-
lated to'Secure and advance the best interests of
the country; but, at the same time, he would pre-
fer it to be accompanied with a declaration by the
Executive of our desire to bring the matter to a
peaceful and amicable adjustment. He expressed
the opinion that the Executive, without a resolu-
tion of Congress, h'ad the power at any time to
give the notice. But he would go for placing full
and unquestionable power in his hands, by a reso-
lution expressly conferring it. The question he
considered still a proper subject of negotiation;
and this was the general opinion of the people of
the country. And this negotiation might have
been effected had the question not been thrown
from its true position, and been connected with
the party politics of the country.
He dwelt at some length upon the importance
of bringing this question to a decision by notice, or
otherwise, for the purpose not only or avoiding
war, but the apprehension of war, whoso iniluenee
was so disastrous to all the interests of the country,
and considered that the notice, in any form, would
be far less calculated to jeopard the peace of the
country than the extension of our jurisdiction over
the territory; the conflict of jurisdiction over the
same territory, resulting, as they inevitably must
result, in a conflict of the arms of the two na-
tions.
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH obtained the floor at
eight o'clock, and yielded to a motion of Mr. E. H.
Ewino, that tlie committee rise. |
The question being taken, the vote stood ayes i
41, noes 4S.
No quorum voting.
The committee rose and reported that fact to
the House.
A motion was made that, the House adjourn.
The yeas and nays having been asked and or-
deied, the question was taken, and the vote, stood—
yeas 45, nays f>9.
Still no quorum voting.
So the House refused to adjourn; but
Mr. WENT WORTH moved a call of the
House; which was ordered—
Yeas 49, nays 36.
The motion to adjourn was renewed, and the
-vote stood—yeas 41, nays 4]—a tie.
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative; thus
making yeas 42, nays 41.
So, at twenty minutes past eight o'clock, the
House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 7, 184(j.
Immediately after the Journal of yesterday had
been read,
The House, on motion of Mr. CORB, resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Tibbatts; of Kentucky, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the joint
resolution of notice
Mr. TRUM AIV SMITH was entitled to the floor,
and addressed the committee. He declared him-
self strongly impressed with the belief that the
time had arrived when this controversy should
be closed, and when the convention of I&J7 should
be abrogated; and if the committtee would con-
sent so to modify the proposition of notice as that
whilst, on the one hand, it should assert the just
rights of this republic to the territory of Oregon,
on the other, it should he consistent with the main-
tenance of these amicable relations which were
so important to the interests of both countries, he
would cheerfully vote for it. He must say, how-
ever, that, out of the vast number of propositions
before the committee, there was not one to which
he could give his assent, except to that emanating
from the gentleman from Alabama, who repre-
sented the Mobile district, [Mr. Dargan.] That
proposition proceeded upon the basis that this
controversy was to be settled upon just and equi-
table terms of compromise; and unless Groat Brit-
ain was willing to come to a settlement on some
such basis, he, for one, was prepared to carry the
controversy to the issue of arms. As a member
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, he had, upon
only a moment's consideration, signed the minor-
ity report. The positions it assumed seemed to
him, at that time, to be tenable; and he was not
now convinced that its conclusions were incorrect.
Since that time he had more thoroughly examined
the subject. The report assumed the ground that
to give this notice belonged to the treaty-making
power, and that, as a matter of strict legislation,
the two Houses of Congress had nothing to do
with it. He had also examined the able argument of
the venerated gentlemanfrom Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] in which he contended that the giving
this notice appertained to the war-making power
(Mr. S. did not undertake to use the precise lan-
guage)—that it was a step introductory to war,^
and"therefore that it belonged to the two Houses of
Congress. Although, as a matter of strict legis-
lation, they might not have power to acton tins
subject, yet. Mr. S. thought it was entirely com-
petent for them to express an opinion. Whether
the minority report was or was not tenable, there-
fore, did not seem to him to be a matter of any
great consequence to the question before the com-
mittee. He thought that they should dismiss from
their minds every consideration of a party or sec-
tional character, and decide the question solely on
its merits. And he washed his hands of any re-
sponsibility that might result from the action of
this 1 louse, if it was to be by rash and ill-advised
legislation.
He then proceeded to discuss the history, prog-
ress, and character of the negotiations from the
commencement of the controversy, lo show that,
from that time to September, 1845, all the negotia-
tions had been conducted upon the basis ot just
and equitable compromise. He gave full credit
lor the consummate ability u'ilh which negotiations
on the part of the present Administration had been
conducted, but avowed his opinion that they had
^ot the nation into a confounded scrape; and that
they must recede from the position they had ta-
ken, or the question must be brought to the issue
of arms.
1 le ihen directed his lemarks to on examination
of the question of title, and was still speaking to
that poult when his hour expired.
Mr. A. D. SIMS said, after all that had been
tittered in this debate—after the repeated thrusts
that had been inflicted upon the South, and the
more repeated thrusts that had been inflicted on
the State which ho had the honor m part to repre-
sent—it might be expected that, in the remarks
which' he should submit, to the committee, some-
thing would he snid in their vindication, and in
purpose of hurling back the poisoned shafts which
had been directed against them. He regretted ex-
ceedingly that anything should have occurred in
the com sc. of this debate which would have a ten-
dency lo army party or sectional feelings. Truth
should be the. object of every candid inquiry; patri-
otism, he was sure, should be the motiie which
leads to inquiry in the conduct of public affairs.
Ho regarded as the peculiar obstacle to the inves-
tigation of truth tbe array of the passions or the
prejudices of men. The committee therefore would
excuse him if he entered not into the defence or
those whom the history of the country sufficiently
defended and eloquently i indicated. In the war
of the Revolution, in the war of 1812, in every
emergency, m every public exigency, when either
the power of arms or the power of statesmen were
involved, the people of South Carolina and of the
South had been found first and foremost in the
public, defence. For these two reasons, then, he
should not enter into a defence of the South and of
his own State fiom the attacks which had been
made upon them: first, that to the man who was
ignorant of the history of the country his assertion
in defence of them would have no weight, and to
the man who was acquainted with it, it would be
entirely unnecessary ; secondly, that it was un-
statesmanlike, derogatory to the great dignity of
truth, to the elevated character of patriotism, and
to the surpassing importance of the investigation
into which they had entered, to seek to embroil
human passions and human prejudices upon this
great, subjcct of national, he might say, of interna-
tional concernment. He had learned better ex-
amples from thessemi-barbarous power of Rome,
ere that mighty empire had yet reached the zenith
of its power and glory; and her historians, in the
hold and grand dialect of that nation, tells us that
" they rose to eminence by various acts of concili-
ation among themselves." It was among the citi-
zens that concord, unanimity, zeal -in the public
service, found emulation; and all bitterness, aspen-
ties, and enmities of feeling, were reserved for their
enemies. Such, he apprehended, were the princi-
ples which should actuate statesmen in this en-
lightened and Christian age. But he was sorry
to find that even an American Congress, upon a
great American, a great international question,
mightJearn the dictates of statesmanship, of patri-
otism, of humanity, even from the semi-barbarians
of the earlier Roman republic.
Mr. S. then entered into a discussion, running
neaily through the remainder of his hour, of the
two prominent questions involved in this debate,
viz: first, as to the constitutional power of this
House to legislate on this subject; and, second, as
to the expediency of the measure it was proposed
to adopt, directing his remarks to the following
points, and assuming the following positions:
He declined to exercise a legislative power in
abrop-ating our sacred treaty with Gieat Britain,
because such power, he contended, did not reside
in the legislative department of the Government,
cxcept in instances where a treaty is already abro-
gated by bad faith on the part of the nation which
is the other party to the treaty, or except upon
those great and transcendant occasions where the
-public interests require the elemental power of the
Government to be brought into exercise to dis-
! charge ourselves of any kind or any sort of stip-
ulations which are working our misery and de-
'' struetion.
But, tit the same time, he believed that Congress
i had the right to advise the President on this sub-
I ject; that the honor, the interests, the weal of the
I country, as well as the preservation of Oregon lt-
i self, all" require that these treaty stipulations should
i be abolished, and the whole difficulty promptly
i settled.
'• He held, moreover, that the effect of this notice
could only be to produce a peaceable settlement of
this question; that the whole subject ought to be
compromised; that the forty-ninth degree was the
true parallel of compromise; that if the President
accepted that line, the nation would sustain him
in it; and the great purposes of civilization and
Christianity would be sustained; that no war
would come from the question, except it came
through the agency of political blunderings or
political sinning; that he had no fear that our Ex-
ecutive would be guilty of the one or the other,
and wo had hostages from Great Britain that she
would not plunge us into war—those hostages
being the vast interests, considered alike with ref-
erence to her foreign and her domestic relations,
by which the civilized world held her to the per-
petuation of that peace to which for thirty years
she had been bound; and that, if a war came up-
on (tie country, whoever was guilty of producing
!' the result, Mould deserve, as they would certainly
]' receive-1—be it Great Britain or the United States—
II the withering execration and scorn of entire Chris-
h tendons.
j Mr. S. having concluded—
Mr. ATKINSON then obtained the floor. In
j some preliminary remaiks, he expressed his inten-
! tion to do justice, as well to Great Britain as to
; America. He did not regard the question as being
; whether we were about to take a step for the pur-
1 pose of obtaining a foreign territory, nor whether
j the star-spangled banner was to wave over the land
| of Great Britain; he regarded it not as a question
; whether we were to extend our borders into Can-
ada or Mexico, but purely as a question whether
| we should take quiet, peaceful, uninterrupted pos-
session of a territory which, in his opinion, and ill
the opinion of the American people, was ours,
i In the discussion of the question, he intended to
' enter into no criminations or recriminations; hein-
! tended to charge upon no man, because he might
i differ from him, that he was not a friend to the
| country. He asked all, Whigs and Democrats,
; to march up to the consideration of this important
; question with a conviction, fixed and unalterable,
; to do that which, in their honest judgment, was
j right to be done in the premises. He had lived
1 too long,^ and had seen too much of the fiailty of
! human nature, to find fault with a fellow-man"be-
; cause he might not happen to think as he (Mr.
A.) thought. And that man was no Chiistian,
