THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
and no patriot, who thought that every man but
himself was a fool, and that no man loved his
country but himself.
In reference to the "Whig party in this House,
"whilst he maintained for its political principles no
sort of respect, yet for the men he had a high re-
spect and veneration. There were honorable mem-
bers of the House, belonging to a party to which
God forbid that he should ever be attached, with
whom he was in habits of association, and some
of whom did him the credit to say that he was so
dyed in the wool of democracy, that when they
found him giving a vote, they knew their true
course was to vote in the adverse direction.
In the conclusions at which he had arrived, he
would have the misfortune to differ from all his
colleagues who had spoken. He should not at-
tempt, here or elsewhere, to show that other gen-
tlemen from the Old Dominion, who had preceded
him in this discussion—those worthy colleagues
of whom he was proud—were not as friendly to
the peace, the independence, and the glory of the
country as he was. He knew the service they had
rendered in the elevation of the present Chief Ma-
gistrate of the nation; and he did not believe that
any of them looked to other than what they be-
lieved to be the best results to their countiy iii the
counsels they had given. He hoped, however,
that he might yet have the satisfaction to see them
recording their votes with his. The pacific char-
acter of the recent English news, the first elicited
the other day from the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, in reply to an inquiry by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] that a
correspondence had lately taken place between the
two Governments, and various other considera-
tions (not amon^ the least of which was the argu-
ments that had been made on this floor) ought, in
his judgment, to convince his colleagues that they'
should at least vote for some notice, to break up
this joint occupancy of the territory of Oregon.
The argument of one of his colleagues [Mr.
Hunter] was so plausible, and was represented
in so beautiful and forcible a manner, that it had
made an impression, not only on his (Mr. A.'s)
mind, but on the minds of other members of the
House. And it was only when time had enabled
him to set himself free from the influence of the
oratorical and pcrsuasivepowcrs of that gentleman,
that he (Mr. A.) had been able to come to the fair
and candid consideration of the question.
He would not, in the remarks he had to submit,
go back to the discovery of the Oregon territory;
nor would he go farther back than was necessary,
to show that, from the acknowledgment of that i
foreign power itself, which now sought to get
pcaccable possession of the country, we were, pre-
vious to the war of 1612, in its quiet and uninter-
rupted enjoyment.
It was not necessary for him to go into an argu-
ment to prove that which fifty others had conclu-
sively proved—that our title to 54° 40' was such as
could not fail to satisfy the American nation of us
justice. He was willing to rest our claim on the
arguments of that able diplomatist, Mr. Buchanan;
of the President of the United States; and of Mr.
Calhoun, the champion of the Palmetto Suite.
Behind their decisions he did not wish to go. He
(Mr. A.) had said that, by the acknowledgment
of Great Britain herself, we were entitled to the
possession of the territory. To sustain this posi-
tion, he referred to historical facts, and especially
to the first article of the treaty of Ghent. The joint
occupancy, he would take this occasion to say, if
he understood its history, was not entered into from
the fear of war. lie was old enough to remember
what public sentiment was at that day, and he well
knew that there was not any opinion' entertained
on the part of the American people, that war would
have been the result of a refusal to enter upon that
joint occupancy. For the termination of that oc-
cupancy, the convention itself had stipulated, at
the will of either party? on twelve months' notice
given. How, then, could gentlemen say that war
must necessarily follow the giving of the notice?
We had been told that Great Britain was a great
and magnanimous nation. How, then, could we
expect that war would be declared by her because
we did that which we had a right to do, and which
the principles of truth and justice sanctioned us
in doin« ? Suppose Great Britain were to give us
the notice, would any gentleman say that he would
decarc war against her on that account? Surely
not.
It was a little remarkable, but it was nevertheless
true, that the arguments of some gentlemen who
had gone against the notice, had had the effect to
satisfy his mind that it ought to be given. One of
his colleagues had spoken of the territory being of
no value. When he (Mr. A.) wished witnesses
on whose testimony he could rely on this point, he
would look not to his colleague from Virginia, who
had been spending his time on the banks of the
Potomac, but to those western men whose sons,
brothers, and friends had made Oregon their home,
and who called on the American Congress now to
protect them in their rights.
He had been amused to hear during the discus-
sion gentlemen charging each other with incon-
sistency; to hear gentlemen charged with having
done one thing at one session and another thing at
another. He at least did not stand in that posi-
tion. Whether right or wrong, he had voteu for
the notice at the last session. For that vote his
constituents had never condemned him. He had
had no instructions upon that point except from
one of them, whose notions were rather latitudi-
nous—tin old man—who had written to him that
the people m his region wanted Oregon up to 54°
40', California, Mexico, and Canada. He (Mr.
A.) wished to be understood as having no disposi-
tion to invade the rights of Great Britain, or as fol-
lowing out the wishes of the constituent to whom
he had referred. If ever the time came when the
people of those countries should ask, as Texas had,
to be admitted into our Union, he would be willing
to receive them.
Mr. A. then proceeded to refer to the speech cf
Mr. WiNTimor at the last session against the no-
i tice, in which he had assumed the ground that the
] American title was perfect, and in which he had
j given as his reason for voting against the noticc
I the fact that negotiations were pending, and tocon-
1 irast it with a speech of the same gentleman at the
! present session, in which be expressed his eonvic-
• (ion that ihc title was not good. And Mr. A. read
extracts from the two speeches.
lie then paid his respects to Mr. I. E. Holmes,
to whom he addressed the compliment, saying that
he had made a better argument for the British Gov-
ernment than Sir Richard Pakenham had done, and
to administer some ghostly admonitions to Mr. H.
on the necessity of repentance.
Tie (Mr. A.) believed that we owed it as a duty
to those who had gone to settle m Oregon to pass
this notice. He believed wc owed it to the people
of the United States to do so. Were the settlers
there gamblers or speculators? Were they not
men who had gone there to make the country their
home, to turn up the soil for use by the plough-
share, to make their living by the sweat of their
brow? They weic hardy adventurers, not trading
politicians. If they were, he would not give a fig
for them there or elsewhere. He condemned the
further continuance of the " masterly-inactivity''
principle. We needed masterly activity. We
should never put off until to-morrow that which wc
should do to-day. Let them give this notice on
Monday, and they would satisfy the people in Ore-
gon' and the American nation. He would like the
pioposition of his colleague, [Mr. Dromgoolk,]
if he cuuld get it, if not, he would go for some
other.
Mr. A. concluded by some amusing illustrations
connected with the recent complete solution of the
problem who "James K. Polk" was.
Mr. FRIES obtained the floor, and addressed
the committee in favor of the resolution before it.
He took a view of the question of our title to Ore-
gon. It he was correctly informed, the British
claim to rights in Oregon rested wholly on the
Nootka souud ticaty, and their whole right was
placed on the construction of one word in that
treaty—the word "settlement.'5 The expression
was too equivocal to give them any right to the
soil. It conveyed only the rights toiish,and hunt,
and trade. Did it give any nght to the soil ? He
could show from the very best British authorities
that it was never supposed to do so. On behalf of his
constituents, he claimed a title to the whole of Ore-
gon, not only to 49°, but to 54° 40'. If our claim
was just and right, why should wc falter? He
held it out as our right and duty to give the notice
instanter. if it was not founded upon justice, he
would shrink from it.
Mr. F. proceeded to answer some of the objec-
tions urged to the notice. The^gentleman from
Virginia had urged that it was a war measure, and
that it would cost a great deal of money. Mr. P.
repelled the idea that dollars and cents should be
considered in regard to such a question. He cared
not what it might cost for the assertion of our
rights, and the West was not accustomed to esti-
mate honor either by dollars or by blood. '
Mr. F. adverted to some reasons for the opinion
that a war with Great Britain would not, as the
gentleman from Virginia supposed, combine all the
powers of Europe against us. He adverted to the
situation of the people of Ireland, and to the politi-
cal reasons which Belgium, Holland, France, and
Russia had to oppose the power of Great Britain,
and to the feeling existing among the people of
some of these nations in favor of liberal principles,
which would prevent them from giving any aid to
a war waged against the institutions of the United
States, in regard to Canada, he claimed to have a
particular knowledge, and he knew that there was
a strong feeling there, not on the part of those who
took part in the revolution of 1839, but -of more
cool and calculating men, who thought that move-
ment premature, m favor 6f throwing off the
shackles of a foreign government. This feeling
was not confined to the people of Canada alone;
but, strange as it might seem, had reached even
the watch-dogs of foreign power. Mr. F. adverted
to the substitute for the direct and unequivocal no-
tice which was first brought forward in the Senate,
[understood to be Mr. Crittenden,] and repeated
here. The phraseology and purport of that sub-
stitute was very different from what he would have
expectcd from such a source. He could not sus-
pect the gallant State of Kentucky of a disposition
to skulk on such an occasion as this. The propo-
sition was one for shifting the responsibility of the
measure from this House and throwing it on the
President; and this was made by those who for
years had been contending against the one-man
power; and yet they would now take all-power
from this House and bestow it upon the Executive.
But it was not only proposed to shift the respon-
sibility upon the President of giving the notice, but
it begged of him for God's sake not to give it till we
had got out of this Capitol. What was the object
of this course ? Was it not to enable them to claim
the credit and glory of the ultimate success of the
President's policy? and, in case it resulted disas-
trously, to enable them to say it was the President's
fault, for he gave the notice a little too soon or a
little too late ?
Mr. F. knew that the President stood ready to
give the notice, and that he would not shrink from
any responsibility or duty. He went on to argue
that it was the duty of this House to give the no-
tice.
[At this point the President's message was re-
ceived and read.]
Mr. F., in continuation, adverted to the corres-
pondence just read, and expressed his gratification
that the President had rejected the proffer of arbi-
tration. He felt again, he said, that he stood on
safe ground. We could not with safety refer to
crowned heads, vfhose systems and sympathies
were hostile to our Government, questions involv-
ing territorial rights. He wished not for war; but
much as he loved peace, he would not yield one inch
of our soil for the purchase of it. He concluded
by declaring that it was our duty to assert our
rights, regardless of what it might cost.
RELATIONS WITH GREAT BRITAIN.
During the delivery of Mr. Fries's speech, the
committee rose informally, and the Speaker re-
sumed the chair to receive a message in writing
from the President of the United States by the
hands of J. K. Walker, Esq., his private secre-
tary.
In obedience to a general call, the message and
accompanying documents were read, as follows :
To the House of Representatives
of the United States:
In compliance with the request of the House of
Representatives, in their resolution of the 3d inst.,
I herewith communicate a report from the Secre-
tary of State, with the accompanying correspond-
ence which has taken place " between the Secre-
tary of State and the Minister of the United States
at London," and "between the Government of
Great Britain and this Government, in relation to
the country west of the Rocky mountains, since
the last annual Message of the President" to Con-
gress. , JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, February 7, 1846.
