xm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
335
whole world. He believes that, as there are no
two nations on the earth more closely bound to-
gether by the ties of commerce, so there are none
who ought to be more able or willing to do each
other justice, without the interposition of any ar-
bitrator.
The THidersignea avails himself of this occasion
to renew to Mr. Pakenham the assurance of his
high consideration.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Right honorable Richard Fakenham, &c.
The message and documents'were then ordered
tQ b6 printed, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union:
OREGON.
The Chairman having resumed his seat in com-
mittee, the debate was continued.
Mr. BURT addressed the committee in a course
of remark which, as it is in preparation, and will
soon appear, is not attempted now to bo given,
lie maintained generally, in controversion of the
grounds taken by the Executive, that our title was
clear and unquestionable only to the 49th parallel,
Great Britain having repeatedly asserted claims
to a portion of that territory, and those claims
having been recognised and acknowledged by our
Government; and" avowed himself in favor of giv-
ing the notice, and establishing the 49th parallel
as the dividing line between the two countries.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, addressed the com-
mittee nt length on (he subject. He protested
against the doctrine that it was the duty of this
House to follow out the propositions of the Pres-
ident on this subject. Re was not ready to do
this. A great deal of attention had been given to
the subject of the title of the United States to
Oregon.
Convince mo (said Mr. D.) that our title to Ore-
gon was clear and unquestionable, and I will never
consent to yield an inch of it, for that would be
paying too much for peace. Those who asserted
an absolute title to Oregon eould not with honor
yield any portion of it; yet an offer had been made
to surrender five degrees of latitude, embracing an
area as large as five such Slate* as Oluo, and this
had been done by those who said that our title
wa.s clear and unquestionable to the whole. Claim-
ing the whole, tne President hud .said to Great
Britain, permit us peaceably to enjoy half of the
country which belongs to us, and we will give you
the other half to which you have no right.
Mr. D. did not think that our title was unques-
tionable; but, on the contrary, he believed that the
British title to one part of the territory was better
than our own. He would say this upon his own
responsibility here, and he would make it good by
a statement of facts and principles that eould not
be disputed. Mr. D. went on to argue that the
Spanish title derived from discovery was not fol-
lowed up by settlement, and that it was not good
against the claims of Great Britain, which Croat
Britain had derived from exploration, settlement,
and occupation. He went into a history of the
Is1 ootka Sound treaty, to show that n was not a
concession to Great Sntain of a right of settlement,
but an acknowledgment of preexisting rights.
Spain, in effect, agieed by that treaty, that, by dis-
turbing British commerce on the coast, she had vio-
lated the rights of Great Britain.
Mr. Jefferson, before he had heard the news of
the conclusion of the treaty of Louisiana, sent an
exploring expedition into the territory of Oregon.
He could not have done this if the Spanish title
had been exclusive. Propositions to divide the
whole country had been made without the least
regard to the title of Spain; and in the tieaty of
1819 nothing was said about the title of Spam to
this country. McKenzieand Frazer had explored
the upper part of the country of Oregon, when
did the exploration of Lewis and Clarke take place?
In 1805. Mr. Jefferson's object was to asceitain
whether there was any outlet by rivers to the Pa-
cific and its trade. The British Government, hear-
ing of this, were jealous of the proceeding, and
sent out Thompson, who established a postin the
valley of Frazer'ss river, which, with a succession
of posts, have been kept up ever since. He asked
if the right of the British was not as good to the
valley of Frazer's river, as ours was to the valley
of the Columbia? This Frazer''s river cuts the
territory north of 49° into two nearly equal parts.
How could any man assume that our title to it was
clear and unquestionable ? The President had said
that he had offered 49°, in deference to his prede-
cessors, But he did not make the offer of his pre-
decessors. Having departed from it, he might as
well have abandoned the whole; but at all events,
he was soon relieved, for the proposition was re-
jected. How could the President, as an honora-
ble man, give away such a tract of territory to
which we had an unquestionable title ?
He wanted Oregon, and he desired to get rid of
the neighborhood of British subjects, as a proud
and imperious people, 'much as he admired their
courtesy, and the sturdiness with which they pur-
sued their aims.
Why did the President desire that this notice be
given ? It was to be relieved from all responsi-
bility, This was either an executive or a legisla-
tive act; and if the latter, we were entitled to all the
information upon the subject, a pait of which had
been sent in to-day.
The notice would abrogate the treaty; and the
legislative power could not abrogate a treaty any
more than it could make one.
He had not' heard a solitary reason for giving
this notice. He explained his vote of last year, as
given to promote tne negotiation. It will be dis-
honorable to take less that 49°; he would not wish
any President to take less. But if it had not been
for the miserable policy of forcing this question
into the arena of politics, time and emigration
would long ago have settled it. Why should we
give the notice ? The settlers of both nations get
along peaceably. He was told by a gentleman
lately there that the best thing to be done was to
let the matter alone. After a while we should have
arms, and men, and provisions m Oregon. Show
to him that our honor demanded that we should
fight Great Britain, and he would agree to go into
it at any sacrifice: but until then let us enjoy peace.
Every moment gained for peace was a gte.it object
to the American people.
Mr. Rb-11) obtained the floor and addressed the
committee in favor of abrogating the convention of
1837. He believed that the title of the United
Stales to Oregon was good—that we had a title by
settlement and exploration of our own citizens, be-
sides the title purchased from Spain and France.
We had been asked by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. I) vms,] who had just, taken his seat,
why wo should ghc this notice: and he was aston-
ished to hear him say that, in giving it, Congress
would exceed its powers. The gentleman eould
not have heard the able speech which wns made
the other day by the gentleman from Ohio on this
subject, or he would not have urged such an opin-
ion. What was a treaty? It was the supreme
law of the land. Did the gentleman from Ken-
tucky desire that the President should take into his
hands the repeal of a low of the land? If he did
that, there would be an outcry against him, and
the gentleman from Kou tacky himself would charge
him with usurpation of authority. The gentleman
had deprecated the idea of the connexion of the
question with the politics of the day, but yet he
bitterly inveighed against the President for having
offered the compromise of 49°. Tie. would ask
the gentleman from Kentucky if he believed the in-
terests and the honor of the country would sustain
the President in the offer of a more liberal compro-
mise than that? He hoped the gentleman's con-
stituents would ask him the question. The gen-
tleman himself said he was willing to fight before
be surrendered an inch more. Why? then, should
he assail the President for having brought the sub-
ject before the House? He (Mr. R.) would ask
whether any gentleman in this House would have
desired the President to make a more liberal offer?
Tie did not believe there was one. Why, then,
had the gentleman made this complaint? It was,
no doubt, foi political effect. It had been said that
the notice would be followed by war. Tie did not
know whether it would he or not. Put this he
was certain of, that if the Oregon question was not
soon settled, it would lead fo a war. In his opin-
ion, the sooner the notice was given, the sooner
the question would be settled. "True, it had re-
mained unadjusted for a long time, and for the rea-
son, that while the country was not settled by ag-
riculturists, we could get along very weli with the
convention, allowing; British subjects the right fo
fish, trade, and hunt; but of late years our citizens
had gone into Oregon for the settlement and culti-
vation of the country, and the state of things had
essentially changed. The value of the country
was now twenty times what it was ten years ago;
in ten years more it will appear to us a hundred
times mpre valuable than it did at this moment.
Public opinion demanded a settlement of the ques-
tion, and claimed the whole country as ours up
to 54° 4C. He (Mr. R.) voted for the bill which
passed at the last session for the extcntion of
our jurisdiction over the Oregon territory. He
proceeded to read the bill, and to comment on its
provisions, and the unanimity with which it was
finally passed, embracing as it did the notice.
How did the country; receive it? He had not
heard of a single individual who lost his seat here
by voting for it. He repudiated the idea that the
notice was a war measure, and he only^regarded it
as an inducement to the adjustment of the question.
Every one who believed that we had any claim to
Oregon ought to vote for the notice; for it did not
fix any particular boundary to our claim, and man-
ifested only a wish to ascertain and define our
rights in the country. Mr. R. enlarged upon the
policy of protecting our citizens in Oregon, show-
ing that it was destined to be either a British colo-
ny or an integral portion of the United States. He
would be the last individual m the House or in
the country to claim any territory not belonging to
the United States; but he would not surrender a
foot of our own territory to appease die insatiable
thirst of Great Britain for plunder. Mr. R. advert-
ed to the opinions of his own constituents on this
subject, and opinions of the people of North Caro-
lina generally, showing that they were m favor of
maintaining our rights to Oregon. Pie argued that
we ought not 1o be deterred from pursuing our
duty by the fear of war. He would go for peace
on any question not involving national honor; but
he would spurn a peace which was obtained by
the sacrifice of our interests and honor. "We have
had these alarms of war on former occasions, and
they had blown over. After all, Great Britain
might be disposed to be more liberal to us in the
adjustment of thisquestion than had been imagined.
For thirty year5* we have been negotiating upon
this subject, and no American citizen would say
that we ought to negotiate any longer. Mr. 11.
expatiated upon the resources of the United States
for war, and its abilities to sustain a conflict with
England, should it become unavoidable. He urged
the adoption of measures for giving titles to land
to our Settlers in Oicgon, for extending our laws
over them, and making provision for their dcfence.
If we did this, it would go far to settle the question.
Mr. R. SMITH obtained the floor, and address-
ed the committee during his hour in support of
the notice, as introduced by the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and against anv
compromise of the Oregon territory south of 54°
40' north latitude. He argued that our title to the
whole territory was clear and indisputable, and
should be maintained, if need be, at the cannon's
mouth. He, however, did not believe that war
would result as a necessary consequence from giv-
ing the notice. That if Great Britain considered
the territory worth fighting for, failing to give no-
tice would only be to postpone the Avar. }]o con-
tended that the election of Mr. Polk was owing
more to his opinions on the Oregon question, than
to all other considerations put together. He said
he rejoiced that the President had lefused to ar-
bitrate the settlement of our claims to Oregon, and
that the people would tiiuniphanlly sustain him
m this course.
Mr. CUMMINS addressed the committee du-
ring his hour. After passing over many prelim-
inary topics, he entered upon the discussion of the
main question under consideration, in the form of
replies to the inquiries and positions laid down by
Mr. Holmes. Reading the opening sentence of
the speech of Mr. Kolmes, "What is Oregon?
Where is it? Is it of any value to us?" he alluded
to the geographical position of Oregon; and, in
reference to the latter inquiry, he proceeded to ex-
hibit its vast, untold, and permanent national im-
portance in a commercial point of view, as the
western dcbouchr, upon this continent, of the com-
merce of the world. Let us establish our rights in
Oregon to a proper degree of latitude, which should
give us command of the valuable harbors upon the
Pacific coast; let us settle our rights, so as to se-
cure the title to our citizens who should emigrate
thither; and he predicted that, in a few years, the
territory would be filled with an industrious, thriv-
ing, American population ; flourishing towns and
embryo cities would spring up upon the Pacific,
within 4,000 miles of China and the East India
