336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb, .9.
islands, as if spoken into creation by magic. Con-
necting; this with the construction of railroads
across the continent, the whole eastern commerce
of Europe, by the inevitable, eternal laws of trade,
must be landed at New York, Boston, Philadel-
phia, and other of the cities on our seaboard; and,
taking this rapid transit across the continent, be
received upon the Pacific at our possessions in
Oregon, thence to find its destination at China,
the Asiatic isles, and all the Pacific ports. The
voyage from Europe, by this route, would be ac-
complished in less than seven weeks, while six
or seven months were required to perform the
only present routes for that commerce by Cape
Horn, a distance of 23,000 miles, or by the Cape
of Good Hope, 27,000 miles. The commerce of
the world would thus be revolutionized; the East
India Company would be broken down; Great
Britain must lose her commercial supremacy in
the Pacific; and that portion of its commerce which
forced its destination there must pay tribute to us.
Mr. C. dwelt at length on these and other consid-
erations, exhibiting the value of Oregon as the
natural " master-key of the commerce of the uni-
verse." He considered it emphatically a national
question, the greatest and most important that had
ever come before an American Congress since the
year 1783, and he scouted the idea that it was a
western question.
Enlertnining this view of the value of Oregon,
gentlemen might infer how willing he was to yield
it. He was in favor of maintaining our rights to
the very last degree, and would never conscnt to the
surrender of one inch of our own territory.
Next noticing the declaration of Mr. Holmks,
denying ** in toto that there was any right or claim
c to that terntory, or to any part or parcel thereof,
fi upon our part, that does not apply with equal
{ force and cfTicioncy to the British Government,"
he entered into a somewhat minute examination of
the question of title, arriving at the conclusion that
our title to 49h° was valid beyond all question or
dispute, and presenting his views in connexion with
the Spanish title and other grounds of claim, as to
the extent and validity of our title to the remainder
of the territory.
He was about entering upon another incidental
topic of the debate when his hour expired.
Mr. WOODWARD spoke next in opposition to
the notice. The true question which was before
the committee was the only one which had not been
discussed, and that was the expediency of giving
the notice 7iow. He traced the origin and history
of that policy of time, of which he was in favor,
showing the agency which Mr. Adams had had in
its adoption, and the change of opinion which he
had undergone in respect to it. Mr. W. spoke of
the convention us an armistice, agreed upon as a
means of suspending or preventing war. If gentle-
men wanted war, let them come out and say so
boldly. He knew the fact, he said, that gentlemen
here in favor of Oregon—of the whole or none—
who had addressed the committee under high ex-
citement, had said they confessed that if the British
Government had offered the parallel of 49°, they
did not see, in the face of the world, how it could
be declined. He knew four or five members, whole
Oregon men, who had made such declarations.
Why, then, was this matter to be pressed with
such haste to a conclusion now? By driving it to
an issue, they put the British minister under the
highest necessity to make an offer, and the Presi- |
dent to accept it; and thus, by forcing negotiations, 1
extorting a treaty on 49° from an Executive who
was already committed to that parallel. If the
whole of Oregonism was not to be adopted as an
ex post facto hobby of election, why press it? They
wanted the whole of Oregon, and, in truth, never
meant to give up any portion of it. Withdraw the
* proposition of notice, and leave future Administra-
tions uncommitted.
Mr. FOSTER maintained the validity of our
title to the whole of Oregon, and advocated the
giving the notice to Great Britain as best calculated
to preserve the peace of the country, and as a ne-
cessary precedent to the erection of our forts, the
granting or promising grants of lands to our set-
tlers, pr taking any steps towards stimulating emi-
gration to, or exercising exclusive sovereignty in,
that terntory. He urged the importance of the
termination of the treaty, and the settlement of the
question of title, to enable us, consistently with our
national honor, to afford that protection to our set-
tlers which they claimed, and which we were bound
to extend to them in every point of view. "He ad
mitted that the several offers on the part of our
Government, of the line of 49 degrees, had involved
the question in embarrassment, but argued that,
after the thrice-repeated rejection on the part of the
British Government of our offer, under the circum-
stances under which that rejection had been made,
our Government was absolved from all obligation
to adhere to, or even to accept of it in case it were
now proposed by Great Britain.
Mr. YELL obtained the floor, and argued in fa-
vor of the notice. Opinions were made up in his
State before he left home; and, therefore, he had
nothing to say for the conviction of his own con-
stituents. This he regarded as a great national
question, and he rejoiced that, on one question, he
could agree with his'Whig brethren; and he was
not afraid, for once, to be found in company with
the venerable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] whose counsel he would as soon take on
any subject relative to national rights as that of any
man in this House. He conceived, nevertheless,
that an honest difference of opinion might prevail
on this subject among the members of the Demo-
cratic party here.
Being satisfied that Oregon was ours, he was op-
posed to any compromise about it, either with
Whig or Democrat, or with Great Britain. He
would not give it up without a fight. We were
asked by th«i gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Woodward,] why we did not go along with the
gentleman from Massachusetts in 1818 and 1827?
There was nobody settled in the country at the
time. lie considered the question of title, and
showed tiiat Great Britain had no right under the
Nootka sound treaty, and had admitted this fact
repeatedly.
Mr. Calhoun had contended that we owned all
of Oregon; and no one had undertaken to show
here any mason why wre should stop at 49°, ex-
cept that we had offered to give it up. If we had
a title to the whole, why should we stop at the
Columbia river, or at 490;i He predicted that we
never could settle this dispute unless we gave this
notice. The people of this country were roused
to the importance of this question; and before
1848, they would demand the possession of the
whole country up to 54° 40'. *He contended that
the President was not bound to accept the 49lh
degree, should it be offered from Great Britain.
ITc warned gentlemen that, after 1850, the West
would demand a larger share of the protection of
this Government than she had heretofore received;
she would insist upon her back rations. The peo-
ple of the United States would be ready, he be-
lieved, to sustain our rights to Oregon, in case war
should grow out of this measure.
Mr. i)ODGE traccd back the course pursued in
regard to Oregon from the time it was first inserted
in Governor Floyd's bill, and quoted speeches of
its friends and opponents, complaining of the neg-
lect of the Government and its obstacles to the
settlement of all the new Territories.
Mr. WiLMOT was in favor of the notice as
reported, and of all kindred measures recommend-
ed by the President, but. preferred the amendment
of Mr. Hjlltard; yet if that could not be carried,
then he would go for the amendment of Mr.
Bi.ack.
[A full report of Mr. W.'s remarks, and those of
thti gentlemen who preceded him, will appear m
the Appendix.]
He concluded at five minutes before twelve
o'clock; when,
Mr. THOMAS B. KING having obtained the
floor,
The committee rose, and the House, after a ses-
sion of fourteen hours, adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented, under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. COOKE : The petition of Tyrey Nelson, of the
county of Jetlersori, and State of Tennessee, praying Con-
gross to grant him a pension for hardships endureci and dis-
abilities inclined as .i soldier in the l.ite war with Great
Kiiram ; referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. TKUMBO: The petition and other documents of
Joseph Carter, of Morgan county, Kentucky, praying for
a pension for services rendered during the revolutionary
war; referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of Jos. C. Dameron, and
532 other citizens of the State of Missouri, praying for the
establishment of a mail-route from Jacksonville, in Illinois,
to Hannibal, in Missouri. Also, a petition of B. F. Tarr,
and 61 others, praying for a tri-weefcly maii from Gtuincy,
Illinois, to St. Josephs, in Missouri.
By Mr. GRAHAM: The petition of Cynthia Griffin, widow
of John Grifiin, asking a pension; referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions. -
By Mr. BOYD: The petition of citizens of Marshall
county, Kentucky, praying additional mail facilities. Also,
avmemorial in ftivor of establishing a national armory at
Fort Massac, in (he State oflllinois.
By Mr MORSE: The memorial of Alvin J.-Keith, Ann
B. Cox, and Cora Ann Slocumb, praying for the adjustment
and payment of tire awards made in their fiivor under the
convention with Mexico; referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The petition of the heirs of John
Tebbs, deceased, formerly an officer in the Revolution, for
commutation; referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
By Mr. J. B. HUNT: The petition of John Sempie, of
Michigan, fo  compensation for services in the last war j re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. PET'J'IT: The petition of George W. Bbwlden,
and 26 others, citizens of Clinton and Tipton counties in
the State of Indiana, praying the establishment of a mail-
route from Frankfort to Canton in said counties; referred
to tlie Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The petition of Moses Fowler, of
Ma«on county, Kentucky, praying Congress to allow him a
pension for his services in the Indian wars.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 9, 1846.
Mr. Morehead appeared and took his seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the proceedings of a meeting at Kensington, Phil-
adelphia county, in favor ofthe e6nsfflucti6n"67~ a"
dry dock; which was. referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, communicating the correspond-
ence called for by the resolution of the 29th Jan-
uary last.
Mr. ALLEN said the documents were the same
as those communicated to the other branch and
printed m the papers of the day. As they had al-
ready been laid before the people, there could be no
necessity for the reading of them. He would move
that the message be laid on the table, and printed
for the use of the Senate; which motion was agreed
to. .
MEMORIALS, &C.
By Mr. TURNEY : Prom Joel M. Smith, ask-
ing compensation for services as pension agent at
Nashville; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
By Mr. BREESE : From William B. Slaughter,
late Secretary of Wisconsin Territory, asking in-
demnity for loss sustained on account of money
deposited in a bank that had failed; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories.
Also, from citizens of Belleville, Illinois, assert
ing the American title to Oregon up to 54° 40', and
asking that the noticc"may be given to annul the
second article of the convention of 1827; which
was ordered to be printed.
By Mr. DAVIS: From the American Peace
Society, asking the adoption of measures for the
settlement of our international difficulties; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
By Mr. DICKINSON : From Elijah Buchanan,
asking for a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, from Hector St. John Berkeley, for a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
By Mr. CASS : From citizens of Cayuga coun-
ty, New York, asking the abrogation of certain
treaties with the Seneca Indians; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Also, from citizens of Michigan, asking that the
right to settle on the public lands may be extend-
ed to all citizens not already possessed of lands;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
By Mr. CAMERON: From merchants and other
citizens of Pennsylvania, asking the construction
of harbors on the eastern side of Reedy island and
at Bombay Hook, in the Delaware river; wiich
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, from citizens of Pennsylvania, asking the
creetion of a light-house on Brandywine shoals;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, from Harriet Ward for a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a series of resolutions from theLegisla-
