THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED
AND PUBLISHED
AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY
BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress
1st Session-.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 184G.
New Series....No. 22. -
tare 6f Pennsylvania, in relation to the improre-
of the Alleghany, Ohio, and Mississippi
rivers; for repairing the piers at Marcus Hook, m
the Delaware river; for the construction of a United
States road from the arsenal at Pittsburg to the
harbor at Erie; and against any increase of the
present rates of postage; which wdTe laid on the
table and ordered to be printed.
By Mr. DIX : Several memorials from different
counties of the State of New York, asking the ab-
rogation of certain treaties with the Seneca Indians;
which were referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana: Prom Louis
de la Housage, asking confirmation to certain lands
in the State of Louisiana; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
By Mr. ALLEN: From Nahum Ward, treas-
urer of the Ohio Company, asking the payment of
certain outstanding loan certificates; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. SEVIER: From James A valine and
others, asking the adoption of measures for expe-
diting the removal of the Miami Indians from In-
diana, and to secure the payment of debts due by
said Indians; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
By Mr. WESTCOTT: From the executors of
Benjamin Choires, Gad Humphreys, and Pedro
Miranda, asking to be allowed to locate a tract of
land held under a Spanish title, agreeably to the
bounds thereof; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
By Mr. NJLES, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Honda, to whom was referred
the resolution of the Kith January la^t, " inquiring
what legislation by Congress was necessary to en-
force the provisions of the net of 'M March,
for establishing a post route between Savannah
and Charleston by sea," made 11 report, which
was ordered to be printed. 'J1 lie report concludes
by saying that the committee see no occasion to
recommcnd any additional legislation to enforce
the provisions of the act alluded to in the resolu-
tion.
By Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs: An adverse report 011 the petition of
John A. Ragan; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee: An adverse re-
port 011 the petition of Louis Evans; which was or-
dered to be printed.
By Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs: Asking to bo discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial of William Gen-
try and others. The committee were accordingly
discharged.
Mr. PEARCE, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
to authorize the transmission of books to the Min-
ister of Justice in Paris, in exchange for certain
books received from that officer; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Library.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution,
which lies over one day under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be in-
structed to report to the Senate whether any naval
armament is necessary on Lake Superior, and, if
any, to what extent; and what is the best and most
economical mode of providing for the naval defence j
of that part of the United States. * j
Mr. WOODBRIDGE submitted the following '
resolution, which lies over one day under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy report
to the Senate such information as may be in his
Department concerning the fitness of the harbor at
the' mcuth of Grand river, in the State of Michi-
gan, for a naval depot, together with such views
and^omments as may seem to him appropriate rel-
ative to the expediency of establishing, at that
place or elsewhere in said State of Michigan, such
naval dep&t.
The folldying resolution, submitted last week
by Mr. Yui.ej\ was taken up and adopted:
22
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instruct-
ed to report what progress has been made in the
construction of fortifications at Key West and the
Straits of Florida, and to furnish the necessary es-
timates for a rapid progress of said works.
The adverse reports made in the cases of Wil-
liam Morrow ahd A. R. S. Hunter, were taken up
and concurred in.
The report made in the case of Joseph Ratcliffe,
asking to be discharged froon its further considera-
tion, was also taken up and concurred in.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the adverse
report made in the case of Edward Bolan was re-
committed to the Committee of Claims.
The hill for the relief of Nathaniel Goddart and
others was read a third time; and on the question,
Shall this bill pass?
Mr. TURNEY rose to oppose the passage.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON, not anticipating any ob-
jection to the passage of the hill, would prefer that
'it be passed over informally for the present, as
many of the friends of the bill were not present.
The bill was passed over for the present.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, the previous orders
were postponed, with a view to take up the bill for
the relief of the legal representatives of Pierre Me-
nard and others, of the State of Illinois, sureties
of Felix St. Vrnin, late Indian agent, deceased.
Mr. BREESE explained and advocated tbe bill;
nnd, after some remarks from Mr. JARNAGIN
and Mr. PHNNYBACKER, the bill was amend-
ed, and oidcied to be engrossed for a third leading.
The bill to establish a permanent general prc-
; emptjon sy>tcm in favor of actual settlors was
I taken up in Committee of the Whole, and, on mo-
j tion of Mr. RREESE, made the special older for
! the first Monday in Mnvh next.
i The bill for the relief of Mary IWcUeo, widow
of Colonel William MrRea, late of the army of
the United Suites, w. s taken up.
This bill was advocated by Alessts. BENTON
and MATN'G5*M, and opposed by Messrs. CHIT-
TENDEN ami PEARCE; and,'auer the question
had been taken on the amendment of Air. Peaiice,
to make the pension date from the 1st of January,
184G, and decided in the affirmative, at the sug-
gestion of Mr. BENTON the bill was passed over
for the present.
NAVAT- AUGMENTATION OttTUiON".
The bill for the increase of the navy having
been taken up,
Mr. WESTCOTT resumed and concluded his
spcech in support of the bill. Having on a for-
mer day (he remarked) finished pretty nearly all
that he had intended to soy in relation to the gen-
eral principles of the. measure, he would now pro-
ceed to advert for a few moments to some of its
details, with which he did not entirely agree. He
referred to the provision which points oui the ma-
terial which shall be employed in the construction
of these steam vessels, and observed that he would
greatly prefer leaving it discretionary with the Ex-
ecutive as to what material should be used, instead
of ordering, unconditionally, the whole number to
be built of iron, at. least until some further experi-
ments had been made.
After proceeding at considerable length with an
examination of the various details of the bill, Mr.
W. adverted to the necessity winch existed for the
adoption of the measure. He was in favor of its
passage, as before stated, considered a-s a peace
measure; but if we were to have war, its passage
ought not to be delayed for a moment. And lie con-
fessed that withm the last three days the aspect of
the question, as to the t«suc of peace or war, had ma-
terially changed. One meansofsettlemeut had been
taken away—namely, arbitration. The proposition
for arbitration hod been refused by the Executive
branch of the Government; and, he thought, very
properly refused. He believed that the people of
this country would set the seal of their approba-
tion upon the course pursued by the Executive, as
disclosed in the correspondence which had been
communicated to Congress. But, at the same
time, he feared that course would impose on the
representatives of the people in Congress the im-&
perative duty of preparing for war. Entertaining
this belief, he would be in favor of amending the
bill by striking out that part which makes it dis-
cretionary with the President to oi'der the com-
pletion, arming, and equipping of the vessels now
on the stocks, and would direct that this work be
commenced instanter, in order to give confidence to
the people of this country, by evincing a determina-
tion to be prepared for any emergency. Gentlemen
of the Far West, with the exception perhaps of the
Senator from Indiana, did not properly appreciate
the imminent danger which hangs over the south-
eastern coast in the event of a war. There was
not a gun mounted on the whole line of the coast.
In Florida they almost despaired heretofore that
the Government would do them justice, there was
so much of sectional feeling standing in the way*,
but here was a measure which was so free from
anything like a sectional character, that he trusted
there would be perfect unanimity in its support.
It was a matter of national concernmcnt, and one
which imperatively demanded their attention at
this particular crisis of our affairs.
Sir, (said Mr. W.,) I have no feelings of friend-
liness for Great Britain; none whatever. There
are reasons, perhaps, why, more than those of
most men, my feelings should be otherwise. I
will not subject myself to the charge of egotism
by repeating those reasons, but I will refer to one
of them. Sir, I saw th^torch which wrapped this
Capitol in flames applied by the hand of the in-
cendiaiy; and although the hero of New Orleans,
near the end of the struggle, in some degree aven-
ged the act, yet no American, when lie reflects upon
| it, can fail to have enkindled in his bosom a feeling
| of resentment againt the perpetrators. Sir, I have
j no feelings of friendliness towards that nation;
none whatever, if war should once be declared,
I my whole sou! and my whole strength will be ex-
: eited on the side of my country. Sir, I will not
| be accused cither of being one of those who are
I influenced by any dread of England's power, when
I 1 say thai I deprecate a war with her. I do not
| fear the ultimate result of a conflict with that proud
| and powerful nation, for I believe that we can
; conquer a^ain, as we did in the revolutionary
j war and in the war of 1812; but I dread the effects
; of war under any circumstances.
| I said, when I had last the honor of addressing
I the Senate, that I would not express any opinion
1 as to the probability of a war; but occurrences
since, have changed my mind upon that subject;
and I grieve, 1 lament to say, I believe the omens
now tire of war, inevitable war. Sir, whether
the contemplated notice be given or not—wheth-
er wo pursue strictly the course of policy indi-
cated by the President or not—I fear there are
elements ai work—I fear there are causes which,
whatever may be our course, will in a short period
of time result m a conflict between this countiy and
Great Britain. If we do not give notice, as the set-
tlement of the country goes on conflicts will aiise
between British and American settlers, and those
conflicts will most probably involve the two na-
tions in war. I agree entirely with the honorable
Senator from Michigan that this will be the case.
On the other hand, if we give the notice, England,
armed to the teeth as she is, may think it expe-
dient to send to our shores the armament which
she has been engaged for so many months in pre-
paring; and the least hostile indication on her part
will arouse within the breasts of the people of this
nation feelings which are already sufficiently ex-
cited. Is not the position of affairs, then, indica-
tive of war ? May not the honorable Senator from
Michigan with much reason now say that war is
inevitable?
Mr. CARS desired to be permitted to set the
gentleman rightupon this point. The opinion which
he had expressed in the early part of this session
had been called in question repeatedly, and there
certainly seemed to be a strange misapprehension
regarding it. He had been denominated a war
man; he had been styled an advocate for war; and
why? Merely because lie had said he believed the
danger of war was imminent. He had never used
the expression which had been attributed to him,
