1846,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
able than the fact itself. X have no belief that the
Administration entertain the expectation that war
will grow out of the agitation-of this question, and
1 am glad to hear the Senator from Alabama, who
is very much in the confidence of the Executive—
I am very much gratified to hear that he entertains
no expectation even now that it will eventuate in
war. But what I complain of is the mystification
that is kept up upon this subject. The whole coun-
try is disturbed. The business of the country is
injureijl; the public mind is deeply oppressed with
the prospect that is before us, while, as I believe,
there will be no war. X expressed that opinion the
other night in the presence of a Cabinet Minister.
I express it again, and I beg his attention to it.
[Mr. Buchanan had been for some time in the Sen-
ate chaJnber.] I will undertake to say that if forty
men were selected, twenty Whigs and twenty Dem-
ocrats, they could settle the question in forty days.'
Believing the Administration to be perfectly^ patri-
otic, yetl have not that decree of confidence in him
who presides which would lead me to believe that
there may not be committed a blunder which may
lead to disastrous consequences.
Mr. CASS. The Senator from North Carolina
is somewhat mistaken if he alluded to any desire
that exists on the part of the Administration to
precipitate the country into a war.
Mr. MANGUM, interposing, said: If the hon-
orable Senator will suffer me to set him right, what
I said was, without intending any disrespect, that
no man could doubt tlio course pursued by the Ad-
ministration was one calculated to embarrass the
country. I said also that I believed the Executive
had no expectation that a war would be produced
by the agitation of the question.
Mr. CASS said he agreed perfectly with the
Senator in the belief that the Administration had
not the slightest desire for war. They never had
from the beginning. All that the Administration
desired was to promote the honor and the interests
ofthe country, and leave the result to time. Wheth-
er they supposed that war would come in conse-
quence of the measures which had been adopted,
and reprobated by the honorable Senator, he would
no take upon himself to say. The Senator had
reprobated llie whole course of the correspondence.
Now, he thought the verdict of the American peo-
ple had already been passed upon the negotiations,
as far as they had been dislosed in the Message of
the President. The issue must be left to time of
coarse.
One other remark. The Senator from Alabama
had declared himself opposed to the bill, either as
a peace or a war measure. He was at a loss to
comprehend the policy which would dictate a re-
fusal to pass the bill as a war measure. How were
they to be prepared for war unless a beginning at
preparation was made ? It could scarcely be ex-
pected that an army could bo raised in an instant,
or a navy be built and manned upon the spur" of
the moment. There must be a beginning. A coun-
try advancing in population and wealth, surround-
ed, by the territories and possessions, he would not
say of an enemy, but of a great commercial rival—
a country penetrable at every point, having scarce-
ly a gun mounted, scarcely a soldier with a musket
in his hand—was there a nation, he would ask, that
the sun shines upon that ever adopted such a course
as this ? And yet the gentlemen were for doing
nothing because they could not do everything.
They would not build a war steamer because
they could not equal the whole of the British na-
vy; they would not enlist a soldier because they
could not have at once the army of a Napoleon,
and overrun the worfd. Were gentlemen terrified
at the idea of expending a few dollars? He was not
to be scared or driven from his duty by the conjur-
ing lip of a panic. The Americans were not a
people to be affected by panics. Nor did lie be-
lieve in silent preparation, without giving reasons
openly, fully, and candidly, ay, and forcibly. lie
believed it was their sacred bounden duty to let
the whole truth be known. Nor was he to be
driven from his course because it would disturb
the business of the country. Business was im-
portant to every man, but there were other things
\more important. The honor of the country must i
Hand before interest; but honor and interest com-
bii*jd presented an array that could be superseded
by do consideration.
Dittany man doubt the fact that very extraor-
dinary jJteparations are being made in England ?
He reminded the Senate that he had, in a former
debate, quoted on this subject from the Journal
des Debats, a paper conducted with wonderful tact,
ability, and judgment. Umbrag& had been taken
by France at these extensive preparations, the ex-
traordinary armanents on foot, and the extensive
operations in the dock-yards and arsenals. But
France was told they were not intended against
her.
When he considered the circumstance of these
most extraordinary preparations which were going
on in England, he was irresistibly led to the con-
clusion that she was preparing to strike the great-
est blow that ever was struck by one nation against
another. She was not going to overcome this
country, however. As for her overcoming, with
all her force, and with all her bravery, twenty
millions of freemen on this continent, the idea was
preposterous. There was no Englishman outside
of the walls of an insane hospital who would ima-
gine the possibility of such a thing. They might
burn our cities; they might burn our Capitol
again. But all that they had done before; yet
Bladensburg stands, the city of Washington is
erect, and the Capitol is still here, bidding a proud
defiance of every hostile attack.
^ Mr. HANNEGAN asked leave to present a
resolution; but,
On motion of Mr. J. M. CLAYTON,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 9, 1840.
The Journal of Saturday was read in part, and,
on motion of jvlr. C.J. INGERSOLL, (its further
reading having been dispensed with,) was ap-
proved.
Mr. C. J.1NGERS0LI. moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; [but waved the motion for the
moment, j
Mr. ROBERTS asked leave to introduce certain
joint resolutions (the reporter thinks) from the Le-
gislature of M ississippi.
Objections wore made.
i\!r. POLLOCK usked leave, at this lime, to
make a leport from the Committee of Claims.
Objections were made.
The SIJKA (v Ell said that the first business in
order would be the call of the States for petitions.
OREGON.
On motion of Mr. RATIIBUN, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
stale of the Union, (Mr. Tibhatts, of Kentucky,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution of notice, and the several amend-
ments thereto pending.
Mr. T. B. lllNG, (who obtained the floor on
Saturday night at a few minutes before 12 o'clock,
immediately after Mr. Wiljiot had concluded,)
rose and acidiessed the committee during the hour.
He stated that, in view of the correspondence
which had recently passed between the United
States Government and the British minister, he
(Mr. K.) should not offer the amendment (imbody-
ing a proposition for arbitration) which he had de-
signed. The proposition to arbitrate the disputed
boundary line of the Oregon territory having been
made in all its forms by her Britannic Majesty's
minister, and having been peremptorily, and as he
(Mr. K.) conceived cauilierly, rejected by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, that mode of adjust-
ing the difficulty seemed to be at an end. Arbitra-
tion was one of the most ancient modes known to
civilized nations of settling difficult and embarrass-
ing disputes. _ It was sanctioned in all its forms by
the law of nations, as founded on the law of nature.
It had been resorted to ill oil times by those who
wished to mete out that justice to others which they
desired should be meted out to themselves.
• The President of the United States had declared,
or permitted his Secretary of State to declare, that
the territory of the United States was not a ques-
tion for arbitration. He (Mr. K.) did not quote
the words of the passage literally. That, how-
ever, was its substance. Who had ever desired
the President to submit to arbitration the acknowl-
edged rights, the clearly undisputed territory, of
any portion of the United States ? No man had
ever made such a suggestion here or elsewhere.
The British minister had proposed no such thing;
and it was an insult to this House and to the nation
—it was, to say the least of it, most demagogical
treatment of the solemn proposition submitted by
her Britannic Majesty's minister. In looking at
the correspondence of the Secretary of State with
Mr. Pakenham, it was, m his (Mr. It.'s) judgment,
difficult to determine which of the two predomi-
nated—the pettifogger or the bully. He would
venture to say, that in tdl the diplomatic histo-
ry of the United States no such correspondence
could be found; and he trusted in God, for the
honor and dignity, and character of the country,
that no correspondence of a similar kind would
ever again be known in our annals. Mr. K. pro-
ceeded to examine the recent propositions of arbi-
tration., to show the propriety of a resort to such
a mode of settlement; the benefits that would re-
sult from it; and the responsibility which its rejec-
tion would impose on the Administration for the
consequences that might result. He contended,
by reference to the character of the correspond-
ence, that it was evidently the design of the Presi-
dent (if his design could be inferred from that cor-
respondence) to appeal to the arbitrament of the
sword.
Mr. K. then proceeded to inquire how long it
was since the discovery had been made that the
title to this territory was clear and unquestionable;
and to trace the'assertion of that title to the Balti-
more convention, and to the Inaugural Address of
the President of the United States, which came
upon us like a clap of thunder in a clear sky.
Where had the President derived his authority for
a declaration which, if he intended should be taken
literally, was untrue? If he intended merely to
assert it as his own opinion, he had very lame
authority for it. Mr. K. then referred to the ne-
gotiation which had taken place between the two
Governments, with a view to show that we had
ourselves acknowledged that Great Britain had
rights in Oregon, and to demonstrate the inconsist-
ency of making such a decimation as that made by
. | the President, and of their offering to divide the
! territory almost in half.
| And now, Mr. Chairman, (continued Mr. K.,)
I I should like, with all respect and deference to the
! learned and venerable gentleman from Massachu-
, setts, [Mr. Adams,] to ask him a question; I desire
i to ask what his opinion is—whether, in his judg-
j ment, our title to the entirety of the Oregon terri- ,
tory is " clear nod unquestionable'" •
j Mr. ADAMS (the door having been yielded for
i the purpose) said: To say that the title is dear
j and unquestionable, is to say that which is suscep-
i tible of two meanings—one relating solely to the
question of right and wrong, and the other relating
to the opinions of others. According to the con-
struction we give to " clear and indisputable," in
relation to the question of right and wrong, I say
that our title is clear and unquestionable. I will
add one or two words more. That our title in the
Oregon territory is not indisputable or clear, is an-
swered plainly in the fact that it is disputed. The
gentleman has told us that it has been disputed for
twenty-seven years. I cannot deny it. But if
I everything which is disputed by the Government
j of Great Britain is indisputable, then I should be
; under the necessity of changing the meaning of the
I word.
j Mr. KING inquired why the gentleman had
I not given that definition when he was Secretary
j of State; and proceeded to comment on the part
which that gentleman had taken in the negotiation
on the subject. He (Mr. K.) did not pretend to
; decide to what extent our title was clear and in-
I disputable; but he did suppose that the gentleman
j from Massachusetts, with all his experience, had
some knowledge of what our claim was, and upon
his opinion he (Mr. K.) had relied much in form-
ing his own.
Mr. K. then referred to the connexion which
had, most perniciously, been given to this question
by reason of its forced connexion with party poli-
tics, and to the new element of fanaticism which
had been thrown into it. Touching the tariff, he
adverted to the proposition of Mr. Wentwortii,
that no proposition for arbitration should be ac-
cepted until Great Britain had permanently open-
ed her ports to our breadstuff's; or, in other words,
had repealed her corn-laws. The best state of
things for the American grain-grower was that
which now existed. The repeal of the corn-laws
would enable the grain of the Baltic and the Black
sea to come in competition with that from the
western States; whereas now, the grain found a
market through the colonial ports, and had a mo-
