1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
The Clerk read:
" 8. Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen
'for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of
' the earth/or thy possession."
If the Clerk will read a verse or two before that
which he has just read it will'be seen to whom it
is said He will give them.
The Clerk read:
" 6. Yet'have I set my king upon my holy hill
«of Zion.
" 7. I will declare the decree: the Lord hath
• said unto me, Thou art my son; this day have I
• begotten thee.
" 8. Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen
'for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of
' the earth for thy possession."
That (continued Mr. A.) is the Personage to
whom the promise was made of giving the heathen
for his inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the
earth for his possession. Now, the promise con-
tained in that verse was understood by all commen-
tators upon the Bible, and by the Christian na-
tions of all denominations, certainly before the
reformation of Luthgr, to apply to the Lord Jesus
Christ. Then, sir, without entering into any long
historical detail, by the Christians and Christian
nations, (for he spoke now of international luw,)
the Pope, or the Bishop of Rome, was considered
as the representative of Christ upon earth; and
this verse from the Psalm promising the heathen
for his inheritance and the uttermost parts of the
earth for his possession, together with another
• verse at the close of one of the gospels, (which he
would not detain the committee ■ by asking the
Cleik to read at the desk,) in which the Lord
Jesus Christ, after rising from the dead, said to
his disciples, (in substance,) " Uo forth and preach
' to all notions my Gospel; and I will ho with you
' to the end of the world." From these three sev-
eral passages of the Scriptures, the Pope of Rome
asserted, and for many ages it was admitted that
ho had, the power of giving lo any king or sover-
eign to whom he pleased, the power of going and
subduing nil barbarous nations, and subduing und
conquering all territory, cithci not subdued at all,
or subdued by barbarous nations, for tin- purpose
of converting; them to Chrislianify. At the time of
the discovery of the continents of .North and South
America by Christopher Columbus, this was the law
of nations between Christians, rccogiiised, acknow-
ledged, admitted; and when Christopher Columbus
came, under a commission from Ferdinand and Isa-
bella, King and Queen of Castile, Leon, and Aragon
—when he came and made his discovery, which he
did in October, 1492, in the next year, some time
in die month of March or April, 1493, the Pope of
Rome—at that time authorized, according to all
international law between Christians to do it—gave
to Ferdinand and Isabella the whole continents of
North and South America. He authorized the
drawing of a lino from pole to pole 100 leagues
west of the Azores islands and Cape de Verde; and
he gave the whole 100 leagues beyond, from pole
lo pole, to Ferdinand and Isabella, King and Queen
of Castile, Leon, and Arragon. Now, do I intend
to say that that is one of our titles? 1 mu.it say
it, although 1 think, perhaps, as little of it as any
member of this House. But it was a pood title
when it was given. It was the understanding, the
faith, the belief of all the Christian nations of
Europe, that the Pope had this power; and it was
acquiesced in by them all for a tune. That same
Pope at that time was in the custom of giving
away not only barbarous nations, but civilized na-
tions. He dethroned sovereigns, put them under
interdict, and excommunicated them from inter-
course with all other Christians; and it was sub-
mitted to. And now, sir, the Government of
Great Britain—the nation of Great Britain—holds
the island of Ireland on no other title. Three hun-
dred years before that time, Pope Adrian of Rome
gave, by that same power, to Henry I. of England
uie island of Ireland, and England has held it from
that day to this under that title, and no other.
That is, no other, unless by conquest; (for it has
been in a continued state of rebellion ever since,
and Great Britain has been obliged to conquer it
half a dozen times since; and now the question
is, whether Ireland shall ever become an independ-
ent kingdom. If wo come to a war with Great
Britain,\she will find enough to do to maintain
that island-.) I do not think it of very great value;
though I think it does not go for nothing. Now,
that general authority given to man to increase,
multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it,
was ag'rant from the Creator to man as man; it
was a grant to every individual of the human race
in his individual capacity. But, then, the portion
that belongs to the individual, and was given
thereby, was a matter for the whole human race j
to. accommodate among themselves. That is to j
say, in communities, communities were to agree |
together what should be the metes and bounds of j
that portion of the earth given them by the general |
grant from the Creator. When communities were 1
formed, it became a matter of legislation among
them to whom any particular property—e.g. a lot
of land on which to build a house—should belong.
Any territorial right whatever, us between indi-
viduals, was to be regulated hy legislation; as be- ]
tween nations it was to be regulated by consent, j
by convention; and in that way the laws of nations, j
as they are called, (which are nothing more than ;
the customs of nations,) and the treaties and con- ]
volitions of nations, have regulated how every spot,
every inch of land, shall be occupied. And among
the rest, it is by these laws and regulations—in-
ternal among communities and international among
nations—that you hold that seat, (referring to the
Speaker's seat,) and 1 do not, because you have
it, elevated to it by Uie laws of the country, and
no other man can take, except by permission, so
long as your right continues.
YVcll, sir, our title to Oregon stands on the same
foundation. When this discovery of Columbus
came to be a mutter of great importance among the
nations of the earth, other nations took into their
heads to plant colonics on this continent, and then
came the question of controversy between them,
winch never has been settled to this day. Our
question now with t rreut Britain is one of the con-
sequences of that state of tilings. There never has
been any agreement between the nations of the
earth how these points shall be settled.
There have been titles derived from treaty, from
agreement, from conquest; there have been sources
from which they have derived title to territory.
We have been told here that oiu title to the Coluiu-
liin nver and .ill tin- temloiv that is drained by it,
is in consequence of discovei y mid exploration.
Well, s'ir, that has been partially nil ag-reement be-
tween the nations that they will say they consider
that where a nation discovers the mouth of a river,
and explores that river to its source, then that na-
tion is entitled, and has been geneially allowed, to
maintain their authority. But that is not the foun-
dation of any of our titles.
Looking into Hazard's State Papers, 1st volume,
I find there a charter from Charles 1. of England to
the colony of Massachusetts Bay, of the territory
between latitude 40° and 48°, and from sea to sea.
That was no longer ago than the time of Charles I.
The same title was given to Virginia. The first
title to Virginia—I forget now precisely between
what parallels of latitude it extended, but it com-
prehended this very same territory from sea to sea;
and others of the charters of the "kings of England
gave that territory from sea to sea. Now what
right had the kings of England to give by parallels
of latitude from 40° to 48° for the colony of Mas-
sachusetts, any more than the Pope of Rome hud
to give from pole to pole' Weil, is there a gen-
tleman in this House that does not hold to the
grants of charters of the kings of England to sus-
tain them in their right to their own territory? If
the territory of Virginia were to be disputed—and
we hear much about what territory is disputable—•
I ask my friends from Virginia where they would
go for their right to hold the lands on which the
cities of Richmond or Norfolk are built? Why,
they would go to the charter of the English king,
James 1.; they would go there; they could go no-
where else, (unless they claim by right of conquest
under the Declaration of Independence, as they
might possibly do.) There is the title. Why, at
this very day there is a controversy now going on
before the highest judicial tribunal of our country,
sitting in this Capitol, between Massachusetts, my
dearly beloved State, and Rhode Island, which I
love almost as well, as to which of them three or
four towns belong by the charter of William 'and
Mary, king and queen of England—usurpers by
the way. What right had they to give away any
of the territory' I have seen it written, and I be-
lieve I have heard in this House", that upon some
controversy between the Spanish ambassador and
Queen Elizabeth, Queen Elizabeth very learnedly
said, that the Pope had no right to give away the
lands on this continent; and even that discovery—
that landing upon the territory—unless accompa-
nied and followed by settlement, gave no title.
Why, that was a very wise saying of Queen Eliz-
abeth. What right had she herself to give any
portion of this territory any more than the Pope of
Rome ?
Coming down to this pretended principle, that
the discovery of the mouth of a river gives title to
all the land watered by that river anil its tributa-
ries—and this is the ground on which we contend
that the Mississippi valley, among the rest, belongs
to us—that title is a parcel of the rights by which
you hold that seat, and by which all property ia
iicld. This charter of Charles I., to the colony of
Massachusetts Bay, gives from 40 to 48 degrees of
latitude, without reference to' any rivers. The .
kings of England, following the example of the
Pope of Home, undertook to grant lands all over
this continent, and upon such terms as they thought
proper. When they found the mouth of a river,
and it was for their interest to claim the territory
watered by that river, they claimed it, Louis XIV.
gave to Crozart—and that is the title by which we
still hold that country—he gave him fto land, but
gave him merely the power to trade with the Mis-
sissippi river and all its tributaries, because that
river had been discovered by French subjects many
years before coming from Canada.
AH these titles are imperfect. Discovery is,
therefore, no title of itself. The discovery of a
river and of land is no title of itself. Exploration
comes next. That gives something more of a title.
Continuity and contiguity both concur to give a
title. They are none of them perfect in them-
selves. There is nothing complete in the way of
title, but actual possession; and that is the only
thing we now want, to have a perfect, clear, in-
disputable, and undoubted right to the territory of
Oregon. It is possession; it is occupation, if you
please. Well, sir, we have made two conventions
with Great Britain—one in 1818, one in 1827—by
which wc have not agreed to any thing like joint
occupation. Sir, in the days of Sir John Falstaff,
ho facetiously alluded to by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Starkweather] the other day, he says,
"a captain' these villains will make the word
captain as odious as the word occupy, which was
an excellent good word before it was ill-sorted."
Now this " occupation" is as " odious" in some
parts as Sir John Falstaff said the word " occu-
py" was in his time, after it had been "ill-sorted."
There is no occupation now Occupation is the
thing wo want. Occupation is what I am for put-
| ting an end to that convention for; because it says
we shall not occupy that territory.
The gentleman from Georgia, in his personal
remarks to me, has thought proper to call upon
me to say why, in 1818 and again in 1827, I was
willing to agree to this convention with Great Brit-
ain, while 1 now pretend to say we have a right
to the whole of Oregon. Why, I will tell the gen-
tleman and this House.
Mr. KliNG (Mr. A. yielding the floor) ex-
plained, that he had asked the gentleman why he
did not enter a protest against the claim asserted
by Great Britain, if he believed that we had the
right to the whole territory.
Mr. ADAMS, (continuing.) I will endeavor
to answer the gentleman, according to his own
idea, why I did not enter a protest. In the first in-
stance, it was in a subordinate capacity that I act-
ed as Secretary of State, under a most excellent
man, whose memory I shall always retain with
veneration—James Monroe, the President of the
United States; and, in the second place, when I
held the office of President of the United States, I
did make the protest in the convention itself. If
the gentleman will read the convention over again,
he will see a formal protest against the claim of
Great Britain. The third article of the conven-
tion of 1818 is as follows:
" It is agreed that any country that may be
1 claimed by either party on the northwest coast
' of America, westward of the Stony mountains,
' shall, together with its harbors, bays, apd creeks,
' and the navigation of all rivers within the same,
' be free and open for the term of ten years from
' the date of the signature of the present conven-
' tion, to the vessels, citizens, and subjects of the
1 two Powers; it being well understood that this
' agreement is not to be construed to the prejudice
' of any claim which either of the two high eon-
' trading parties may have to any part of tne said
