342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
' country; nor shall it be taken to affect the claims
i of any other Power or State to any part of the
i said country: the only object of the high con-
' tracting parties, in that respec-t, being to prevent
4 disputes an^ differences among themselves." ^
Is that joint occupation, or separate occupation?
(asked Mr. A.) No such thing. It is won-occii-
pation. The territory is to be free and open to all
the world—to the vessels, citizens, and subjects of
the two Powers for ten years; and this convention
is expressly declared not to affect any claim of
either of the two high contracting parties, "nor"—
please to observe this, for I mean to draw an argu-
ment from the wording here—"nor shall it be ta-
ken to affect the claims of any other power;" "the
only object"—now, sir, I give my answer to the
gentleman from Georgia—" hemg to prevent dis-
putes and differences" among the contracting par-
ties. 4 !
That is the object; and that being the only i
object, and the article itself being confined to ten J
years, is there not a decided intimation that, at the i
end of that ten years, differences would come again ? !
Is there not a sufficiently clear protest against any j
claim G-reaHBritain may have3 And not only so, '
but a reservation of the rights of any other party? '
Who was that other party? Spain was, and that
is a very clear and explicit admission that Spain t
had a right in that country which was not to be !
affected. „ !
Well, this was in 1818. Now this convention j
was stipulated for ten years; and I desire this com- j
mittee to observe this very expression, showing
that both parties understood that this question as
to their respective claims was not to be settled du-
ring the course of that ten years; but at the expi- j
ration of that term, that they would come up again. !
It was equivalent to a full, plain claim to the whole !
territory just as our Secretary is making it now; 1
but it was said that both parties, not choosing to I
settle their differences, agree for ten years that the :
country, with its harbors, bays, creeks, and rivers, 1
shall be open for the navigation of both panics,
without either party claiming exclusive junsdic- ;
tion during that time. That was all. |
But let me observe further, at that time, what 1
was our title? and what was the title or claim of |
Great Britain ? In that negotiation, and in the sub- 1
sequent negotiations, down, I believe, perhaps to .
this very day, Great Britain claims no exclusive •
jurisdiction over any part of that territory. She
herself admits that she has no title there; she pre-
tends that she has none. But what does she say? j;
She says that it is an open country; that it is one
of those countries occupied, as far as it is occupied !
at all, only by barbarous nations—that it is a coun- ij
try which is open to all parries. She does not!!
claim exclusive jurisdiction. 1 promise you she '
will, if you suffer her to do it, before she has done, '
not only to what you choose to give her, but to i
the whole territory. But at this day she claims no !
exclusive jurisdiction over the whole country. She I
claims, and by virtue of this convention, to have :l
the country free and open—that is, to keep it in a ■
savage and barbarous state for her hunters—lbr the j
benefit of the Hudson Bay Company for hunting, j
Now, she knows that it would have no value to ij
her at all from the day that it is settled by tillers of •>
the ground. It is abolished from that time by the ;|
nature of things. And therein consists the differ- j
ence between her claims and our claims. We |
claim that country—for what? To make the wit- i
derness blossom as the rose, to establish laws, to i
increase, multiply, and subdue the earth, which we ;
are -commanded to do by the first behest of God j
Almighty. That is what we claim it for. She ij
claims to keep it open for navigation, for her hun-
ters to hunt wild beasts; and of course she claims il
for the benefit of the wild beasts, as well as of the ; \
savage nations. There is the difference between :j
our claims. ji
I hope I have satisfied the gentleman from Geor- !,
gia, not only why I did not m other words protest !l
against the claim of Great Britain, but why, hav-
ing agreed to that convention at that time for ten ■;
years, and afterwards for its continuance indefi- j,
nitely, until it should no longer be for our interest \
and our rights to continue it, lam now for putting
an end to that state of things. I want the country j'
for our western pioneers, to afford scope for the
exercise of that quality in man which is most sig- jj
nally exemplified in the population of our western ;i
territory, for them to go out to make a great nation
that is to arise there, and which must come from ;1
us as a fountain comes from its sourcc,of free, in-
dependent, sovereign republics, instead of hunting
grounds, for the buffaloes, braves, and savages of
the desert. '
Now I come to the second convention of 1827.
The first convention was for ten years; and I say
it was not intended by the parties to be permanent;
but it was understood that there was a claim in ar-
rear, which we were afterwards, as time should
serve, and as circumstances should authorize, to
assert and maintain. In the convention of 1827,
please to observe the variation in the phrase of the
article—
[There were but two or three minutes of Mr.
Adams's hour now remaining.]
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose and said, if the
gentleman from Massachusetts would give way, he
would move to suspend the rules, in order to allow
him to proceed and finish his argument.
Mr. Adams yielding—
Before any further step had been taken by Mr.
Ingerso 1.l,
Mr. TILDEN said he would submit that as a
motion, viz: the suspension of the rules indicated
by Mr. Imgkr^oll.
The CHAIRMAN said that the motion to sus-
• pend the rules was out of order in committee.
! Mr. INGERSOLL moved that the committee
; rise for the purpose of making a motion to suspend
I the ruh-s to allow the gentleman from Massachu-
setts to proceed.
At this point the Chairman's hammer fell, indi-
cating the expnation of Mr. Adams's hour; and
Mr. HARALSON rose, and was rccognisedby
the Chairman,
Air. BAKER, rose to appeal from the decision
of the Chair, on the ground that the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] had yielded the
floor for a motion that the committee rise.
Air. HARALSON said that as there seemed to
be a desire on the part of the committee to hear
the continuation of the argument of the gentleman'
from Massachusetts——
[Mr. H. was here interrupted by some cries of
" no, no."]
Air. H. continued. It is true, I hear an occa-
sional objection; but I am only  
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. I rise to a question
of order.
Mr. HARALSON claimed the floor.
AJr. C. J. INGERSOLL. I see what the gen-
tleman is going to do. I think we shall not
differ 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Haiialson] give way?
Air. HARALSON. I do not. AVill the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Air. Ingersoll] hear
me ? I apprehend our object is the same—
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 desire to be heard on a
question of order.
The CHAIRMAN requested Mr. I. to state it.
Afi. INGERSOLL said he was on the floor, and
made a motion that the committee rise. The
Chairman did not put the question. He (Mr. J.)
apprehended it was irregular m the gentleman
from Georgia (without any intention of the kind)
to take the floor; and he (Mr. I.) had no doubt
that the object of that gentleman was now the
same as his own. But he (Mr. I.) had distinctly
submitted the motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable.
Atr. INGERSOLL. I am not debating.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania had no right to
take the floor to submit the motion that the com-
mittee rise.
M r. PETTIT appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN said he would state the
question. Before the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Air. Adams] had" concluded, and before his
hour had expired, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Lvgersoll] rose and moved that the
committee rise. The Chair decided that the gen-
tleman had no right to make the motion, the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts not having yielded the
floor.
Air. INGERSOLL. But the gentleman had
yielded the floor.
Mr. PETTIT. I take an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, that the gentleman had not
yielded the floor.
Mr. BAKER rose to a point of order. He sub-
mitted that after the gentleman from Massachu-
setts had yielded the floor, a gentleman near him
[Mr. Tilden] had moved that the committee rise';
and the Chair, not hearing, probably, or supposing
the motion to be out of order, had -not put the ques-
tion. If the Chair did not apprehena the fact, he
desired now to bring it to notice; and if the Chair
decided that the motion to rise was not in order,
after the gentleman from Massachusetts had yield-
ed the floor, he (Mr. B ) must appeal from the
decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to state whether he did
or did not yield the flo6r.
Mr. ADAMS. I did, sir.
Air. STEWART. I distinctly heard the gentle-
man say that he would yield the floor for a motion
that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not so un-
derstand it; but as the gentleman from Massachu-
setts asserts that he did yfteld the floor, the Chair
will put the question on the motion that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. SCHENCK- I desire to say, that if the
committee rise, I shall give notice 
The CHAIR. The gentleman is out of order.
Air. SCHENCK, (completing the sentence,)—
that I will offer a resolution, rescinding the order
of the House, closing this debate at three o'clock
to-day.
The question, "Will the committee rise?" was-
then taken, and decided in the affirmative: ayes
104, noes 87.
So the committee rose and reported.
Air. C. J. INGERSOLL. I now move the re-
sdision of the rule for the purpose of enabling the
gentleman from Massachusetts to complete his ar-
gument.
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Alabama, and others, ob-
jected.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, asked the yeas
and nays.
Air. ASHMUN desired, he said, to move ant
amendment.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman fronj
Pennsylvania [Mr. Tngersoix} move to rescind
the_order of the House, or to suspend the rule,
which limits the time of speaking of each member
toonehotir?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think I had better move
that the rule be suspended for four hours—
Mr. ASHMUN sent an amendment to the Chair,
(which was nut read.)
Mr. INGERSOLL. And on my motion I call
the previous- question.
Mr. SCHENCK rose to a point of order. Was
it competent, he inquired, to rescind a particular
rule without a day's notice?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the im-
pression that a suspension of the rules for a given
purpose may be effected without it; but a vote of
two-thirds will be required.
Mr. SCHENCK. The proposition is not to
suspend the rules generally, but to suspend a par-
ticular rule.
The SPEAKER said, the case would not be
altered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire, then, to propose an
amendment.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. PAYNE inquired whether, if any proposi-
tion was introduced in relation to which debate
was indicated, it must not lie over?*
The SPEAKER. That rule, like all others,
may be suspended by a vote of two-thirds; and the
Chair repeats, a vote of two-thirds will be required
to adopt the proposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. PAYNE. Is not that debatable ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded.
Mr. R. CHAPMAN inquired whether it was
in order, without one day's notice, to suspend the
operation of a rule for the session?
[A message in writing: was here received from
the President of the United States, by the hands
of J. K. Walker, Esq., his private secretary.}
The SPEAKER. (Replying to Mr. Chapman.)
The Chair repeats that it is competent, by a vote of
two-thirds to suspend the rules.
Mr. CHAPMAN. I admit it; but not" for a
given time.
Mr. GEO. S. HOUSTON did not understand,
he said, that a demand for the previous question
