1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
question, and the Oregon question was of minor
importance. He commenced his negotiation with
Mr. Upshur, after Whose tragical death he re-
sumed it-with Mr. Calhoun, whose argument m
support of the American claim was masterly and
conclusive, as his arguments always were. Mr.
Pakenham proposed arbitration, which Mr. Cal-
houn declined, considering arbitration, until nego-
tiation was exhausted, as out of the question. He
(Mr. I.).must be Suffered here to say, that he saw
with great regret that southern gentlemen, with
whom, he had so long acted, were marshalled
against us on the Oregon question. In the whole j
history of the United States, but three territorial ]
acquisitions had been made, and these were Lou-
isiana, Florida, and Texas—all adding immensely
to the power and influence of the southern States.
He regretted to see a powerful combination, on the
part of the South, against the first proposition to
add territory to the northern States, under the in-
fluence of a distinguished politician—whose lead
he had often followed himself, and who had ably
sustained our claim to Oregon.
He would now come to the administration of
James K. Polk.' He did not know what the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. King,] who spoke this
morning, intended by applying to the President
the epithets of demagogue, pettifogger, and bully.
He had, with a feeling of regret, noticed that his
neighbor [Mr. Kino] had been for some time pre-
paring a speech (and no doubt an able one) in
favor of arbitration, all of which the President's
Message had knocked to pieces; and he was there-
fore disposed, to excuse the gentleman for some
irritation in consequence of his disappointment.
Another gentleman had said that Mr. Polk was a
fourth-rate lawyer. This was very likely; and he
(Mr. I.) know nothing to the contrary, for he had
not long been acquainted with Mr. Polk. Hut he
(Mr. J.) had always understood that, according to
the democratic creed, men were not much, but
principles everything; and if tho popular sover-
eignty had been represented by Mr. Clay instead
of Mr. Polk, the decision of the people would have
become the law of the land. The Democratic
party (saiil Mr. t.) move in a mass and all togeth-
er, mid are less indebted for their success to lead-
ers than fo prim-iples. Mr. Polk wns foitminte
it) his Christian name; he was the third James j
who had "arrived at the Presidency. He would
call him Jacobus Tertius it Felix—he was the thrice- ]
fortunate James. Mr. Polk had come here and I
asked us to do a certain act, to adopt certain meas-
ures; and if all these whereases which had been
proposed were to be added to the resolution, they
will add a parallel of latitude to our difficulties;
they would bring down our claim to 48°, and final-
ly to 4'2°. Ami'this would be the result, if we did
not say to Great Britain that wc desired to put ail
end to the convention of 1807.
•Mr. Polk came here, and in his Inaugural Ad-
dress he said that our title to Oregon was clear and
indisputable. In saying this, and in douig what
he has done, he said arid did what was, in view
of the power of Great Britain, bold, and perhaps
perilous. Let us not (said Mr. I.) underrate the
danger of this course; out Ictus support the Presi-
dent if he is right, and lot us advise him to step
back, if we do not think tlmt the hazard is de-
manded by the necessity of the ease. Ho would
not, he hoped, offend any one, if he should stale
that having some facilities for information in his
position on the Committee on Foreign Affairs, he :
had reason to believe that the three principal Pow- :
era represented here were combined against us on ,
this question. He was not insensible to the con- [
sequences of tho stand which we proposed to take;
and though he had no doubt or fear as to the re-
sult, yet it must bp confessed that our position was
new, bold, and perilous. The question was, wheth- ,
er the Webster policy or the Polk policy was tho '
more direct way to peace. This was the fn-ct
American step to put the United States among the j
great nations of the earth; which might fail, but, if !
successful, would be incalculably prosperous, and 1
perpetually peaceable. Those who, estimating the
danger greater than the result anticipated, desired
to step back, had a full right to do so; but a great
many were resolved to go forward at all hazards,
and believed the hazard to be small in comparison
with the object.
Mr. I. believed, he said, that there would be no
war; but if there should be, we must do as well as
we can. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Winthrop] had given us a magnificent homily on
the blessings of peace, to every wor<| of which he
(Mr. X.) said amen. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts spoke of the nonsense of the people as
being of potent influence; and the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Pendleton]—whom he saw just
going away, and who he hoped would stop and sit
down by the gentleman from Massachusetts, and
hear a word or two—had said that he would en-
dorse every word which the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had said. [Here Mr. Pendleton took
a seat behind Mr. Wisthrop.] The gentleman
from Virginia had now literally placed himself, as
he said he would do, in a position to back the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
He (Mr. I.) was not much given to heroics,
but he had great faith in nonsense. The Wiu-
throps and Pendletons of former days always ap-
pealed to the nonsense of the people, and acted
mitted in saying, at his espousals with the chief
magistracy, that our title was clear and unques-
tionable? Mr. Polk had followed in the ruts of
Mr. Adams, Mr. Rush, Mr. Gallatin, and Mr.
Clay; and he (Mr. I.) was content to abide by
their authority. Mr. I. was about entering upon
some further views, when the Chairman's hammer
came down.
Mr. DARRAGH obtained tha flpor.
Mr. McCONNELL raised a point of order and
claimed the floor; but, after some conversation, he
waived the point of order, and
Mr. DARRAGH proceeded to address the com-
mittee during the few minutes remaining for dis-
cussion; but in a manner so imperfectly heard as
to prevent the givipg anything more than a general
statement of his points.
He referred to the allusion made by Mr. Kino
of Georgia to the agency of the tariff question
said lie was now growing old, and he had acted j
on nonsense nil his*life, and always expected to do !
so. The gentleman from Massachusetts wot not |
only a wise, buta learned nian, and he had quoted 1
Latin upon tis.
upon it. When the Boston people rose and lynch- it (especially in the State of Pennsylvania) m the
ed the lea, was it done from a sobersccond thought? ii late presidential canvass, and noticed the position
Was it not the offspring of popular feeling-, or non- ■' occupied by his colleague, tne chairman of the
sense? All of us, and all that we boasted of, was ;l Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Air. C.J.Jnger-
the offspring of nonsense; this magnificent Hall in '! soll,] upon this question. The canvass in West
which we assemble, was the creation of nonsense. :j Pennsylvania, he said, was not whether Mr. i oik
And J ronfcHs (said Mr. I.) that I have more faith :! or Mr. Clay was the better tariff man, but -upon
in popular nonsense, than in the selfish, second !j the question which was m favor of the tanft of
thought of the wisest man in the world. Air. I. |i 1842; and referring to the intentions expressed
' and the executive recommendations for modifying
the present tariff, he advised Mr. Polk's fiientls
to go to him and tell him that 'if it had not been
for the representations made by his friends that he
tiiuii uiHMi ur*. - was m f&vor of the existing tariff, and a better
[Mr. WINTHKOP. Have you not quoted L:t- taniTman than Mr. Clay, he would have lost the
tin too'l i electoral vole of Pennsylvania, which would have
Mr. I. said he would mulct; a quotation, and in lost him that of New York, and thereby have de-
return for the very pietty passage taken from one ij foaled his election.
of Cicero's Cutihnios, ho w ould give him one from i; With reference to the question under considera-
Cicero's de Repuhlieu, and he would fell him that ; tion, he repeated what he had saidin the discus-
it was «mch a quotation as bis ancestors would li aion on the army bill, that he went for the earliest
have made in Boston, to wit: cundan pofiu-
han impcrntvrcm, et dominaloretii esse terrartim."
Tie (Mr. I.) did not wish to see the same people
both the earners and the eonqueiois oi tho world.
Tile gentleman had applied his quotation to the
pioneers who adventurously <io,s*cd the Uoeky
mountains after the, example of (heir lather.* who
had passed the Aliegluihicf. The f,enth man was
and strongest possible measure for terminating the
convention existing between Great Britain and the
United States. It was not only time, but high
time, that we should respond to the call of our
Im'ihton m est of the. Rocky mountains, by afford-
ing them the protection of our military arm not
only, but of our civil laws. He was anxious for
(      ^       the occupation of Oregon, because he believed a
unwilling to suiter our people to undertake so dan- ; j railroad to the Pacific entirely feasible, and he be-
gerous nn enterprise, and commended them to their
own native fields. Why, the enterprise of Colum-
bus was dangerous and novel, and he (Mr. J.) had
heard a lady say, that she would never forgive that
Genoese navigator for having discovered such a
vile country as this, when such pleasant cities as
London and Paris remained to be explored, and he
had thereby obliged ladies and gentlemen to come
to these wilds and live on hoecake, hominy, and
what not! Tie would now come to our title to
Oregon. He presumed that no one would ques-
tion our title as a matter of right, for England had
not a particle of title. The only title she had, she
relied upon her strength to enforce. 1 fe had studied
the subject perfectly^ and he could demonstrate that
England had no title to Oregon—that our tide was
good up to fyp 40'. fie had heard wiih ahum the
pretensions which were set up herein behalf of the
British claim based on the exploration of Fray.t-r
licved if wc settled the disputed title that it would
| soon be constructed—thus giving us the trade of
I the Indies, and making us the exporters for Eu-
i rope of the Pacific.
He referred to the history ofthe treaties of Eng-
land both with France and with the United States,
' on the subject of the northwest territory, to show
that Great Britain had never claimed south of 49°;
■ and he took a hasty glance at the question of ar-
i bitration, and one or two other points involved in
I the discussion.
! .lust as ATr. D. concluded,
I The iingcr of the clock rested on the hour three,
! and tho Chairman gave the table one heavy blow
1 with the lumnuer, indicating that the time for de-
: bating had passed, and that the hour for action
: had come.
So the committee proceeded, in obedience to the
order of tho House, to vote on amendments " pend-
Great Britain had hardly a pretension lo a title to ;J im, or lhatmifflit be oliered."
any part of the territory, ond from -t:J° to f>;20 she :j Some few moments were taken up by an effort
had none at all. IJe would say a few wouH about !j of the Chairman to induce members to go home to
this Frazer river question. Sir Alexander Frazer their own places, instead of crowding the "area of
was the most distinguished of the British subjects ;j freedom" immediately in front of the Speaker's
who was ever in Oregon, and did a vast deal to es- | platform.
tabhsh there the British interests. In lasexpioia-;( And something like a clearance having been
tton he did not come within 500 miles of the Colum- ; effected,
bia river: but he went to England and said that he ;j The CHAIRMAN was proceeding to put the
had discoveied it, and he thought so. But it was ,
afterwards ascertained that he had not gone withm !'
500 miles of it. This was a question of settlement, i!
and there was no doubt of the fact that no settle- ''
ment was made until after the gentleman from -j
Massachusetts ["Mr. Apams] had negotiated the :j
convention which secured us from any consequen- i;
ces of a British settlement. Mr. 1. here produced ;j
a map, and referred to some authorities in support |l
of his position. Thus (Mr. I. said) stood the matter }|
at Mr. Polk's inauguration, when he declared that ij
our title to Oiegon was clear and unquestionable i h
and in saying this he said no more than what Mr. ji
Adams said through Mr. Clay to Mr. Gallatin— j
no more than what had been said by every Amer- i>
jean President and Secretary of State. And where j!
was the heinous offence which Mr. Polk com-
question.
Mr. PETTIT. I move to take up the joint re-
solution of, the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Black.]
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order.
Now the state of the question before the com-
mittee was this:
Mr. C. J. Ingersoll, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, had reported the following joint
resolution:
JOINT RESOLUTION of notice to Great Brit-
ain to u annul and abrogate" the convention be-
tween Great Britain and the United States of the
sixth of August eighteen hundred and twenty-
seven relative to the country " on the northwest
coast of America, westward of the Stony moun-
tains," commonly called Oregon.
