846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That the President of the United States
forthwith cause notice to be given to the Govern-
ment of Great Britain, that the convention between
the United States and Great Britain, concerning
the Oregon territory, of the sixth of August one
thousand eight hundred aud twenty-seven, signed
at London, [shall be annulled and abrogated twelve
months after the expiration of the said notice, con-
formably to the second article of the said conven-
tion of the sixth of August one thousand eight
hundred and twenty-seven.]
This resolution Mr. C.J. Ingersoll had moved
to amend by striking out all that portion embraced
in brackets, and inserting:
" Shall be annulled and abrogated at theexpira-
' tion of the term of twelve months from and after
' said notice shall be given, conformably to the
' second article of the said convention of the 6th
' August, 1827."
And Mr. Hilliard had heretofore moved to
amend the original resolution by striking out
therefrom the words, " forthwith cause notice to
be given," and inserting—
" Be empowered, whenever in his judgment the
public welfare may require it, to give notice."
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL inquired if it would be
in order for him to withdraw a single word from
the resolution he had offered. He wished to with-
draw the word " forthwith."
The CHAIRMAN. Prom which proposition?
That of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, or that
which the gentleman himself introduced ?
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. From the original
proposition. I wish to expunge the word "forth-
with."
The CHAIRMAN. It can be done by unani-
mous consent.
Objections were made.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON submitted that the
gentleman had a right to modify.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON. Not to modify the
original proposition, for it is the report of a com- |
mittce. |
The original resolution was read, as also the
amendment proposed by Mr. Ingersoll.
Mr. HOPKINS suggested that before the ques-
tion was taken on the motion to strike out, it would I
be proper to perfect the original resolution, by car-
rying out the views of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. C. J. Ingersolj,.] It would be re-
membered that after one proposition had been
stricken out and another inserted, it would not be
competent to amend. I move, therefore, (contin-
ued Mr. H.,) to strike out from the original reso-
lution the word "forthwith."
The CHAIRMAN said, the motion would be
in order after the question on the pending amend-
ment had been taken.
Ml1. C. J. INGERSOLL remarked, that the in-
sertion of the word "forthwith" was a mistake;
and he had at an early day endeavored to make the
amendment in the original resolution.
The CHAIRMAN said, all debate was out of
order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am only stating a fact,
not debating.
Mr. PRESTON KING inquired of the Chair-
man, whether the amendment could not be made
by unanimous consent'
The CHAIRMAN assented.
But objections were made.
Mr. VINTON inquired if the pending amend-
ment was a substitute for the original bill?
The CHAIRMAN said not.
And the CHAIR proceeded to put the question.
Mr. DROMGOOLE supposed, he said, that it
would be in order now to offer a substitute for the
entire report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and he sent to the Chair the following proposition:
" Whereas, by the convention concluded on
the twentieth day of October, 1818, between the
United States of Ameuca and the King of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, it
was, in the third article thereof, agreed, that any
country that may be claimed by either party
on the northwest coast of America, westward of
the Stony mountains, shall, together with its har-
bors, bays, and creeks, and the navigation of all
rivers within the same, be free and open, for the
term of ten years from the date of the signature of
the present convention, to the vessels, citizens, and
ubjects of the two Powers, it being well under-
stood that this agreement is not to be construed to
the prejudice of any claim which either of the two
high contracting parties may have to any part of
the said country, nor shall it be taken to affect the
claims of any other Power or State to any part of
said country; the only object of the high contract-
ing parties in that respect being to prevent disputes
and differences among themselves: And whereas,
by a convention between the same parties, con-
cluded on the 6th of August, 1827, it was agreed
to continue in force for an indefinite period the pro-
visions of the 3d article of the convention of the
20th of October, 1818, and was also further agreed
and provided that it shall be competent, however,
to either of the contracting parties, in case either
should think fit at any time after the 20th October,
1828, on giving due notice of twelve months to the
other contracting parly, to annul and abrogate this
convention; and it shall in such case be entirely
annulled anil abrogated after the expiration of said
term of notice: And whereas it is thought fit on the
part of the United States to annul and abrogate
said convention,
" Be it therefore enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of Jlmerica in
Congress assembled, That the said convention shall
be annulled and abrogated at the expiration of
twelve months after the date of the delivery to the
Government of Great Britain of the due notice re-
quired to he given. "
" Be it further enacted, That the President of the
United States is hereby authorized and required,
in such solemn and respectful mode as he may
deem proper, to cause the said due notice to be
given in the name of the United States, one of the
contracting parties, to the Government of Great
Britain, the other contracting party.
" Be it farther enacted, That, for the purpose of
enabling the President to comply herewith at as
early a day as he may think advisable, there be
appropriated a sum not exceeding dollars,
to be used, if necessary, and to be paid out of any
money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated;
but nothing in this act is intended to interfere with
the right and discretion of the proper authorities of
the two contracting parties to renew or pursue ne-
gotiations for an amicable settlement of the con-
troversy respecting the Oregon territory."
Mr. HOPKINS inquired if the question had
been taken on the word " forthwith ?"
The CHAIRMAN said it had not.
M r. INGERSOLL. Does the amendment which'
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Dromooole]
proposes to offer supplant mine5
The CHAIRMAN. It does not. The gentle-
man may offer his amendment as a substitute for
the whole; but the vote must first be taken on the
amendment to the original proposition.
The question on Mr. Ingersoll's amendment
(given above) to the original resolution of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs was then taken, and,
without a count, agreed to.
The committee was in a state of great confusion.
Mr. HUNTER rose to inquire whether the vote
had been tnken on Mr. Wgersoli.'s amendment;
and if so, whether it had been decided in the af-
firmative ?
The CHAIRMAN assented.
Mr. HUNTER inquired, then, whether it was
in order for his colleague to move to strike out?
The CHAIRMAN. The whole, but not a par-
ticular part.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. The word " forth-
with," Mr. Chairman, is it in or out ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is mi. Does the gentle-
man move to strike it out?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Certainly, sir.
And the motion having been agreed to, the word
" forthwith" was stricken out.
Mr. THOMASSON said, he would send to the
Chair an amendment which he intended to offer if
the proposition of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Dromgooltc) should be voted down.
The CHAIRMAN said that the next question
before the committee was the amendment of the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hilliarb, given
above.]
Mr. ADAMS asked the Clerk to read the reso-
lution as it would read if that amendment was
agreed to.
And the Clerk having done so, the question was
taken, and the vote stood—yeas 56, nays 136.
So the amendment of Mr. Hilliard was re-
jected.
Mr. DARGAN now offered the following, as an
addition to the resolution:
" That the differences existing between the Gov-
ernment of the United States and the Government
of Great Britain, in relation to the Oregon terri-
tory, are still the subject of honorable negotiation
and compromise, and should be so adjusted.
" That the line separating the British provinces oF
Canada from the United States should be extended
due west to the coast south of Frazer's river, and
from thence through the centre of the Straits of
Fuca to the Pacific ocean, giving to the United
States that, portion of the territory south, and to
the Government of Great Britain that portion of
the territory north of said line."
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL called for a division
on the first and second clauses of this amendment;
which was ordered.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the first section, and insert-
ing:
'' W-hereas the President of the United States, in
his message at the commencement of the present
session of Congress, informed Congress that all
attempt at compromise of the Oregon question had
failed, it became the duty of Congress to consider
what measure it might be proper to adopt for the
maintenance of our just title to that territory:
" Whereas, pursuant to the recommendation of the
President, the House of Representatives has been,
since the 2d January last, assiduously engaged in
discussing and maturing measures which have for
their object the security of our just rights, among
which measures is that of a settlement of the con-
troverted questions by the arbitration of an impar-
tial tribunal:
"Whereas, while the consideration of these meas-
ures has been pending, the President of the United
States did on the 4th day of February instant no-
tify the Government of Great Britain .that the Gov-
ernment of the United States would not consent to
the reference of this question to arbitration in any
form which can be devised:
" Whereas the President has thus taken from
Congress the decision of this question without
waiting for the action of Congress upon it: There
fore,
"Resolved, That it is the sense of this House-that-
the President should be permitted to adopt such
further measures relating to this. question as in -
view of the responsibility which properly belongs
to him he may deem expedient, without any fur-
ther expression of opinion by this House."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. J. A. BLACK offered the following as a
substitute for the proposition of Mr; Dromgooi.e:
" Whereas, by the third article of the convention
between the United States and the King of the.
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, of
the 20th October, 1818, it was agreed that any
country that may be claimed by either party on
the northwest coast of America, westward of the
Stony mountains, shall, together with its harbors,
bays, and creeks, and the navigation of all rivers
within the same, be free and open, for the term of
ten years from the date of said convention, to the
vessels, citizens, and subjects of the two Powers,
but without prejudice to any claim which either of
the two contracting parties may have to any part
of the said country:
"And whereas, by another convention between
the Powers aforesaid, of the 6th of August, 1827,
the said temporary provisions of the third article
of the convention of 1818 aforesaid were continued
indefinitely, and have thus remained in force to the
present day:
"And whereas, by the provisions of the second
article of the convention of the 6th August, 1827,
aforesaid, the right was reserved to either of the
aforesaid contracting Powers, in case either should
think fit at any time after the 20th October, 1828,
on giving due notice of twelve months to the other
contracting party, to annul and abrogate the said
convention of the 6th August, 1827, and thus to
terminate the temporary arrangement aforesaid:
"And whereas the said territory has become set-
tled to a great extent with the- subjects of Great
Britain, through the instrumentality of incorpo-
rated companies emanating from said Government
of Great Britain, and recently by a large number
of the citizens of the United States, by direct emi-
gration, so that a longer continuance of the above-'
recited provisions of the convention aforesaid en-
dangers those friendly relations which this coun-
