1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
try desires to maintain with all nations, on honor-
able and equitable terms:
"And whereas this Government has made repeat-
ed and laudable efforts to settle and adjust the
claims of both parties in the spirit of liberal com-
promise, but -without success:
" With a view, therefore, of fixing a limit beyond
which the find adjustment of this question, so es-
sential to the peace of the two countries, can-
not longer be delayed, and at the same time afford-
ing every possible opportunity to such final adjust-
ment, on terms alike honorable and satisfactory to
both parties:
"Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That the President of the United States be
requested to give due notice of twelve months to
the Government of Great Britain, that after the ex-
piration of the said term of notice, the United
States of America will annul and abrogate the said
convention of the 6th of August,, 1827, so contin-
uing the provisions of the third article of the con
vention of the 20th October, 1818, as aforesaid."
The question was then taken (by tellers) on the
first clause of Mr. Dargan's amendment; and, by
ayes 96, noes 109, it was rejected.
Mr. THOMASSON desired to offer an amend
nient to the original proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be in order present-
ly.
The question was then stated to be on the second
clause of Mr. Dargan's amendment.
Mr. T. B. KING said there was so much con-
fusion that nothing could be heard.
Tellers were asked and refused.
.Mr. ASHMUN. They do not oven know hero
what the proposition is.
Mr. Of J. INGERSOLL. Oh, yes—we all
know well.
[Several voices: Yes—we understand it well
enough. Go it 54 40,]
Arid the question was taken.
If there was one affirmative voice, the reporter
did not hear it*, the negative vote came down, in
tones loud enough to split the columns, and amidst
the heartiest roars of laughter.
So the second clause of the amendment was re-
jected. .
Mr. THOMASSON wished (he said) to offer
an amendment to the original resolution, which, in
all seriousness—
The CHAIRMAN. No remarks are in order.
Mr. THOMASSON then offered an amendment,
giving to the President the power to give the notice
at such time as he might deem proper, (thus stri-
king: ont the limit as to the twelve months.)
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is out of
order,
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL. I propose to
strike out the whole of the original resolution anu
insert"-"-*
The CHAIRMAN. Not in order at present.
Mr. ROCKWELL. I think I can obviate the
difficulty. Is it out of order to offer a substitute >
The CHAIRMAN. There is a substitute al-
ready offered, and a substitute for that. And that
is as far as can he gone.
Mr. ROCKWELL then moved to insert in the
original resolution, after the words "to States,"
the words " be and he is hereby authorized at his
discretion"— _
Also, before the resolution, to insert the follow-
ing preamble;
" Whereas, by the convention concluded the
twentieth day of October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, between the United States of America
and the King of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland, for the period of ten years,
and afterwards indefinitely extended and continued
in force by another convention of the same parties,
concluded the sixth day of August in the year of
our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-
seven, it was agreed that any country that may be
claimed by either party on the northwest coast of
America westward of the Stony or Rocky moun-
tains, now commonly called the Oregon territory,
should, together with its harbors, bays, and creeks,
and the navigation of all rivers withm the same, be
' free and open ' to the vessels, citizens, and sub-
jects of the two Powers, but without prejudice to
any claim which either of the parties might have
to any part of said country, and with this further
provision, ift the second article of the said con-
vention of the sixth of August eighteen hundred
and twenty-seven, that either party might abro-
gate and annul said convention, on giving due
notice of twelve months to the other contracting
party: .
^ "And whereas it has now become desirable that
the respective claims of the United States and
Great Britain should be definitely settled, and
that said territory may no longer than need be
remain subject to the evil consequences of the
divided allegiance of its American and British
population, and of the confusion and conflict of
national jurisdictions, dangerous to the cherished
peace and good understanding of the two coun-
tries :
" With a view, therefore, that steps be taken for
the abrogation of the said convention of the sixth
of August eighteen hundred and twenty-seven, in
the mode prescribed in its second article, and that
the attention of the Governments of both countries
may be the more earnestly and immediately di-
rected to renewed efforts for the settlement of all
their differences and disputes in respect to said
territory."
Also, to add the following proviso:
" Provided, lwuyever, That, in order to afford am-
ple time and opportunity for the emicabie settle-
ment and adjustment of all their diflerences and
disputes in respect to said territory, said notice
ought not to be given till after the close of the
present, session of Congress."
Mr. BOWLIN suggested that the committee had
already voted on the amendment, and that it was
not therefore in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Not in the same words.
The question on the first and last of these amend-
ments was taken, and they were rejected.
On tlie other one, no question was luken; but
whether it was withdrawn or overlooked, in the
great confusion of the Hall, the reporter cannot
say.
Mr. RAMSEY now moved to strike out all after
the word "resolved,and insert—
" That the Oregon question is no longer a sub-
ject of negotiation or compromise.'/
Tollers were ordered, and ten members passed
between them, amidst shouts of laughter—cries of
" 54° 40' forever"—clapping of hands and stamp-
ing of feet—wlneh the Chmrman was some time m
suppressing.
And the negative vote was then taken, and
stood 146.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TREDWAY offered an amendment, pro-
viding for the termination of the convention at the
end of two years after notice, &c.
The CHAIR. It is a substitute, and not in or-
der.
Mr. SCIiENCK offered an amendment to the
original resolution, it was (he said) the same as
the first clause of Mr. Dargan's proposition, lint
striking out the words, " and compromise," &c.
The amendment was read as follows:
" That the differenees existing between thcGov-
< crnnient of the United States and the Government
' of Great, Britain, in relation to the Oregon terri-
' tory, are still the subject of honorable negotiation,
' and should by that means be adjusted."
Tellers (Messrs. Dour.i.jvss and McDowfxi.)
were appointed, and the vote was ta^kon (amidst
very great confusion) and announced—first, the re-
porter understood, as ayes 102, noes 99; and then
as ayes 101, noes 99.
So the amendment was agreed to.
But some dissatisfaction appeared to exist, and
a new count was called for.
Mr. DOUGLASS (one of the tellers) was under-
stood to say that some, difficulty had arisen; the
members having passed through very lapidly, a
mistake might possibly have occurred; but he en-
tertained no doubt that the vote, as reported, was
correct.
The CHAIRMAN ordered another count.
Mr. RHETT. Did not the Chairman distinctly
announce that the amendment was carried?
The CHAIRMAN assented.
Me. RHETT. Then I object to the vote being
again taken.
The CHAIRMAN. The tellers say that some
difficulty had arisen, and some mistake may have
occurred.
The Chair, therefore, ordered a new count. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Douglass] and the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. McDowell] will be
pleased again to act as tellers.
Mr. SCHENCK suggested that it was, he be-
lieved, the rule (or practice) that tellers should be
appointed from different sides of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no objec-
tion; and therefore appoints the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] himself, and the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Chapman,] tellers.
So Mr. SCHENCK took up his line of march
from the remote part of the Hall in which his quar-
ters lie, and posted himself at the centre aisle.
Mr. JOHN H. EWING inquired whether the
Chairmap had the right to order a new vote on a
question which he had already declared to have
been decided ?
[Several voices. No debate.]
Mr. EWING. It is a question of order. When
the question was taken, and the Chairman had an-
nounced his decision, there Avas an end of it.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman wishes
to appeal he has the right to do so.
Mr. EWING declined to appeal; though, he .
said, he supposed it was the only way in which
the question could be reached.
Mr. SCHENCK. I appeal. I understand that
the proposition was carried, and that it was dis-
tinctly announced so. If the Chairman now says
that another count can be taken, I appeal from the
decision. ,
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly the Chair had
announced that the question was decided in the
affirmative. The tellers expressed doubt on the
subject. They say it is possible that a miscount
may have taken place, as they had some difficulty ;
and, under these circumstances, the Chair ordered
a recount. *
Mr. RHETT. I think the Chairman has erred
in this particular. He had no right 
[Great confusion, and calls to order.]
Mr. G RIDER. I should like the tellers to state
whether they had doubts, and what was the extent
of their doubts.
Mr. ROBERTS ^submitted that tellers having
been again ordered, it was too late to take an appeal.
Mr.^PENDLETON desired information as to a
matter of fact. In the first annunciation of the
affirmative vote by the tellers, was it not foimally
declared that tlnu vote was 102? It was now 101.
Mr. DOUGLASS explained that one member
changed his vote.
Mr. VINTON desired to be informed whether
both of the tellers counted, and whether there was
any difficulty about the count? It was, he be-
lieved, the duty of both to count, and then to^ re-
port the result to each other before reporting it to
the committee.
Mr. HENLEY made a remark, (of which no-
thing was heard by the reporter.)
Mr. DOUGLASS said that both the tellers did
count. The members passed between them very
rapidly, and there might possibly have been amis-
count; but he believed the report as made to the
House was accurate.
The CHAIRMAN was about to take the ques-
tion on the appeal.
Mr. YANCEY asked what the decision was
from which an appeal had been taken ?
The CHAIRMAN enlightened him.
Mr. DAYLY rose fur infoimation as to a matter
of fact. He had understood the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Douglass] to state that the tellers had
agreed, and he believed the count to be correct.
Was this so ?
The CHAIRMAN again invited members to
take their seats.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that when the Chair ap-
pointed tellers, one should be taken from each side
of the House.
The CHAIRMAN again explained what his de-
cision was, and that there had been doubt on the
part of the tellers.
Mr. BAYLY. Have the tellers said so ?
Mr. COLLAMER. We do not understand
them to have said so.
Mr. SCHENCK. Do the tellers undertake to
say that the count was inaccurate? Has not the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Douglass] said he
believed it to be correct?
The CHAIRMAN. Both say that there was
great confusion, and that a mistake might have oc-
curred .
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask again, whether the
gentleman from Illinois, one of the tellers, did not
say that, notwithstanding the confusion, he be-
lieved the count to be accurate ?
