348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
The Chairman did not reply.
Therefore, continued Mr. SCHENCK, on this
mere possibility, the Chair orders a recount.
The question was then taken, " Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee?" and was decided in the negative—
ayes 90, noes 103.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed.
And therefore the amendment of Mr. Schenck
was declared to have been agreed to.
Mr. W. HUNT asked for the reading of the re-
solution as now amended. And it was read.
Mr. SCI [ENCK moved that the committee rise
and report the resolution.
[Many voices, " Oh no, you can't do that."]
The CHAIRMAN. There are other amend-
ments.
Mr. SOHRNCX withdrew his motion.
The CHAIRMAN said, the question would
now be on the substitute of the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Black,] to the substitute of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole.]
Both propositions were read".
Mr. Gr. S. HOUSTON inquired whether i! would
be m order to amend the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Virginia before the question on the
substitute of the gentleman from South Carolina
was put ?
The CHAIRMAN answered affirmatively.
Mr. HOUSTON proposed5, then, to modify it
by inserting in the second section, after the word ]
" rnontho," the words (( conformably to the second !
article of said treaty of 6th of August, 1827;" and ;
also to amend it by striking out the appropriation
in the third section, and throwing the latter clause '
thereof into the form of a proviso. Rejected. :
Mr. HOUSTON called for a division.
Mr. THURMAN moved to strike out the third
section of Mr. Dromgoole'* substitute.
Mr. HARALSON said that the amendment was
not in order, because the vote had not been taken
on the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama, '
[Mr. Houston.]
The CHAIRMAN. Did the gentleman call for ■
a division 3
Mr. HOUSTON said he had done so. There
was a misunderstanding, he thought, as to the ques-
tion before the committee. i
Tellers were refused; but a division of the ques- ;
tton, on the suggestion of Mr. Boyd, was ordered, i
Mr. SEABORN JONEScalled for the reading
of the icsolution and amendment. Read. j
The question was then taken, and the two amend- |
menfs were rejected, seriatim. I
Mr. ADAMS, of Iviis^isrfippi, proposed to offer :
an amendment, which the Chairman said was not !
in order, and which was not read. • !
Mr. THURMAN renewed the motion to strike
out the 3d section of Mr. Dromgoole's substirute.
After an inquiry by Mr. Boyd as to the state of
the question—«
Mr. THURMAN inquired whether the chair
had announced that the proposition of the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. HoubroN,] to stiike out
a portion of the «id section of the substitute of the
gentleman from Virginia had been carried -
The CHAIRMAN. The motion was lost.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. T iiur.max, and it was rejected.
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS proposed so to amend
Mr. "Black's substitute, as to add a proviso that
the joint resolution should not be so construed as
to interfere with the treaty-making power upon the
question.
Mr. McGAUGHEY rose to a question of order.
The proposition of the gentleman from Virginia
was offered as a substitute for the original resolu-
tion; so also was the substitute of the gentleman
from South Carolina. Now, Mr. McG. submitted
that there could not he two substitutes entertained
at the same time.
The CHAIRMAN said he thought the gentle-
man was correct. The Clerk at first had intimated
his opinion that the amendment was in order, but
had changed his opinion. So the amendment was
not in order, [?. e., Mr. Adams's amendment.]
Mr. BLACK. Is not this in order as a substitute?
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition now is to
strike out the proposition of the gentleman from
Virginia, and insert the substitute of the gentle-
man from South Carolina.
Mr. SEABORN JONES said that, if in order,
he would move an amendment to the substitute.
Mr. BIGGS was understood to inquire whether
the question was on the proposition of the gentle-
man from South Carolina?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the question now
before the committee.
Mr. ASHMUN. I understood the Chairman to
rule that that was out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. No. The Chair ruled that
the amendment of the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Adams] was out of order.
Mr. BOYD. I would like to know whether we
are now called upon to vote on the second substi-
tute ? Or is it in order to amend it ?
The CHAIMAN. Not at present.
Mr. BOYD. Will it be in order, if adopted as
a substitute for the substitute of the gentleman
from Virginia?
The CHAIRMAN. If the proposition of the
gentleman from South Carolina should be voted
down, the erentleman can offer a modification.
Mr. BOYD. Is it in order now to move to strike
out and amend ?
The CHAIRMAN. No; because there is al-
ready an amendment to an amendment pending.
Ah". FARAN read a passage from the Manual
having reference to this point.
Mr. CULVER called for the reading of the res-
olution without the preamble. Read.
Mr. FRIES desired to make an inquiry.
[Cries for the question.]
The CHAIRMAN. Order. The gentleman
will make his inquiry.
Air. FRIES. 1 will, when the committee comes
to order. If the committee substitute the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina for the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, will it
then be m the power of the committee to amend it?
The CHAIRMAN. Tt will not.
[Several voices. Vote it down, and offer a modi-
fication, j
And the question being then taken,
The substitute of Mr. Black was rejected.
So the question again recurring on the substitute
of Mr. Dkomgoolk,
Mr. BOYJL) moved to amend it by striking out
all, and inserting the following:
" Resolved by the Senate and House, of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the President of the United States cause
notice to be given to the Government of Great Brit-
am, that the convention between the United States
of America and Great Britain, concerning the ter-
ritory on the northwest coast of America, west of
the Stony or Rocky mountains, of the Gth day of
August, 1827, signed at London, shall be annulled
and abrogated twelve months after giving said no*
tire.
"Resolved, That nothing herein contained is in-
tended to interfere with the right and discretion of
the proper authorities of the two contracting parties
to renew or pursue negotiations for an amicable
settlement of the controversy respecting the Ore-
gon ten itory."
Mr. CLARKE asked the reading of the amend-
ment to the original resolution. Read.
Air. THOMASSON rose to a question of order.
Could the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd]
oifrr hr* proposition as a substitute for both prop-
ositions now pending?
The CHAIRMAN. It is offered only as a sub-
stitute for the proposition of the gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr. McGAUGHEY pressed the point of order
raised by Mr. Thomasson. The proposition of
the gentleman from Virginia was offered as a sub-
stitute for the original report from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. This was now offered as a
substitute of the other substitute, and could not be
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. BOYD. I offer it as an amendment. It
strikes out all the proposition of the gentleman
from Virginia,"and substitutes the word " resolved"
for the words " be it enacted."
Mr. 0. J. INGERSOLL. Is the gentleman's
proposition divisible ?
The CHAIRMAN said it was not; because the j
gentleman had offered it as a substitute for the ;
whole.
After an inquiry by Mr. TREDWAY, ;
The question was taken by tellers, and the vote ;
stood—ayes, 110; noes, 93. j
So the amendment was agreed to. '
The question then recurred on the proposition of ;
Mr. Dromgoole as thus amended. i
On the suggestion of Mr. BOYD, the two prop-
ositions were again read.
Mr. THOMASSON asked that his proposition
of amendment might be read; because if the House
rejected the present proposition, he should offer
his.
The amendment of Mr. T. was read. It declares
it expedient to annul the convention, and author-
izes the President to give the notice at such time
as he may deem the public interests require.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON inquired whether
the proposition of the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Boyd] was susceptible of amendment?
The CHAIRMAN said not.
Mr. THOMPSON. It is not susceptible of
amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. THOMPSON. Is it susceptible of division ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. *
Mr. BURT desired to know whether, if the
proposition of the gentleman from Kentucky should
be adopted as a substitute for that of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, it would be subject to
amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN said not.
Mr. BURT. Is it subject to amendment now ?
The CHAIRMAN. *It is not. It must first be
voted down.
Mr. BURT I beg to understand the Chair. The
proposition of the gentleman from Kentucky, if I
understand, will not be subject to amendment in
any event—either now; or if it should be adopted
as a substitute?
The CHAIRMAN. It would not be subject to
amendment. \
Mr. BURT. Well, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK rose to a point of order. An
original resolution, containing a distinct proposi-
tion, had come from the Committee on Toreign
Affairs. That was amended by the insertion of
another distinct proposition. A motion was now
made to strike out the whole, and substitute an-
other proposition. He submitted that the distinct
proposition on which the committee had voted,
and which had been inserted, could not be strick-
en out, either alone or in connexion with other
matter.
And to sustain himself on this point of order,
he desired to read an extract from the Manual,
which the Chairman said he would be very happy
to hear.
And the extract having been read—
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I submit that the second
resolution is a distinct proposition, not so connect-
ed with the other part that a motion to strike out
the whole can be entertained.
The CHAIRMAN. The two resolutions being
only a series of resolutions in reference to the
same matter, the whole series may be stricken out,
although one of the resolutions may have been
inserted.
Tellers were then appointed, and the Vote having
been taken, stood ayes 100, noes 94.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. PETTIT moved that the committee rise,
and report the joint resolution to the House.
Mr. COBB submitted a similar motiogu
Mr. E. H. EWING desired to offer an amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. Not in order. The com-
mittee have nothing now to do but to rise and re-
port.
Mr. BAKER. Is there no other amendment
pending?
The CHAIRMAN. None.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. I have an amend-
ment I desire to offer.
The CHAIRMAN. No amendment is now in
order.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. Why?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot enter
into a disquisition on the reasons why.
! The question having been then taken and agreed
! to—
I The committee rose, and the Chairman reported
| that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
I the Union had had under consideration the state
j of the Union generally, and particularly the joint
! resolution concerning the territory of Oregon, and
! that the committee had instructed him to report
l the same to*the House with one amendment.
And the question being on concurring with th©
committee,
