184®.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
Mr. BOWLIN demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PRICE, not hearing him, remarked that
the question had been fully and ably-discussed,
and he would therefore move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr, R, CHAPMAN made an earnest appeal
to Mr. Bowlin to withdraw the demand. There
were a few members who were very desirous to
be heard, and who, for some days past, had been
endeavoring to g?t the floor. He was himself de-
sirous that the subject should be acted on to-day,
but why should the question be taken when there
w«s ample time left to hear those who ought to be
heard, and had a right to be heard ?
Mr. BOWLIN was immovable.
Mr. CHAPMAN gave notice of his intention to
expose the injustice that was done.
The question on the demand for the .previous
question was then taken, and there was a second.
Mr. PENDLETON asked the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question, which were re-
fused.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL asked the yeas and
nays thereon, which were ordered:
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON called for the read-
ing of the proposition before the House, which,
having been read, Mr. T. asked for a division of
the question.
Mr. 'GEORGE W. JONES asked what the
precise state of the question was ?
The SPEAKER explained, and a brief conver-
sation ensued on a point of order between the
Chair and Mr. 1 Iamlw.
Mr. JA COB THOMPSON inquired of the Chair
whether, if the amendment of Mr. Boyd should he
concurred in, the question would not then be on the
engrossment of the joint resolution as amended, and
could not the question then lie divided ?
The SPEAKER said nu; the question of division,
if at all, must be taken now.
And it was ordered, on a call to that effect in one
or two quarters.
The reading- of the proposition was called for.
Hen,I
After a remark from
The SPEAKER, that g'ontlemen called for the
reading of the resolution, and then made so much
noise that nothing could be heard—
A brief conversation on a point of order took
place between Mr. MILTON BROWN and the
SPEAKER.
Mr. WINTIIROP said, if he correctly under-
stood, the first branch of the proposition was pre-
cisely tantamount to the original report of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. It was a question merely
whether we should substitute one thing for another.
Ho suggested, therefore, that, by general consent,
the taking of the yeas and nays on the first branch
should be dispensed with.
Strong objections made.
Mr. BOYD. Is it competent to divide this ques-
tion when the committee have reported it to the
House as an entire proposition ? As such, I think
the vote should be taken upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
question.
Mr. BOYD appealed from the decision.
Mr. VANCE said that the chairman of the com-
mittee had positively decidcd that the proposition
could not be divided. After it had been icpoitcd
to the House, a division was proposed. Could
that be done in accordance with the rules of the
"House and the decision of the chairman of the
committee ?
The SPEAKER. This question camc up on a
previous occasion in connexion with a certain hill.
The Chair then decided that the proposition could I
not be divided. The Chair, under similar circum-
stances, would so decide. But in the present case,
the chairman of the committee reported a certain
amendment. It came before the House in the form
of a report. It contains two distinct propositions,
and when the House come to act on the question of
concurrence with the report of the committee, it is
competent for it to divide the question. The Chair
asks the Clerk to read the precedent.
Which having been done—
Mr. BOYD appealed from the decision. He
simply wished, he said, to refer to the fact that in
committee he had offered this proposition as a sub-
stitute for the original resolution. That was the
report which the committee ordered to be made to
the House, as a whole, as a substitute, and now it
was proposed to kill it piecemeal by dividing it. If
such was not the report of the chairman, then he
had not reported what the committee desired and
instructed him to report. *
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. BOYD. I ask simply that the vote may be
taken upon the report of the committee.
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose to inquire whether the
chairmaft of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had not made a report of one
simple amendment to the proposition originally
submitted, and whether the only question now
was not on concurring with the committee in their
proposed amendment to the original proposition?
If so, was it ever heard or dreamed that the ques-
tion of concurrence was divisible?
Mr. TIBBATTS (the Chairman) rose to a mat-
ter of fact.
The SPEAKER. This debate is all out of or-
der.
Mr. TIBBATTS. I reported an entire substi-
tute for the original proposition; and I concur with j
my friend that the question is not divisible. I so !
decidcd in committee; and I recollect a case where j
I was myself overruled on a former occasion, !
although, as I think, against all rale, on a decision !
that a motion to strike out and insert was not di- j
visible.
Mr. HOUSTON proceeded to make a remark.
The. SPEAKRR. The Chair has again and
again stated that the question is not debatable.
Mr. COLLAMKR mqumd, it'a vote should be
taken in reference to this question of concurrence,
and the House should not concur in the last prop-
osition, what, would be the next question put?
The SPKAKKit said on the engrossment of the
joint, resolution.
Mr. COLLAMKR. Not then on the amend-
ment which the committee made*
The SPEAKER. On the original resolution.
The quesuon 'uns then taken, " Shall the de-
cision of the ('.hair stand as the judgment of the
II ouscand decided in the noy-ntU'c.
So the decision of the ('.hair was rrrcl'ltv/.
And the House decided that the question was
vol divisible.
The question then recurred on the maul ques-
tion, winch was, first, on concurring with the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
in the substitute it had reported.
And the question beiiu; taken, the vote resulted
as follows:
YliAS—Messrs. John Q,. Adams, K. Adams,
Anderson, Arnold, Atkinson, Baker, Barringer,
Bell, Benton, Biggs, James Black, James A..
Black, Blanehard, Hnwiin, Boyd, Brinkerhoff,
Bi'ockenbrotiah, Bvodhead, William G. P>ro\vn,
liuffiugton, Wm. W. Campbell, John H. (.'amp-
bell, Cathcavt, Ueuben Chapman, Chase, Chip-
man, Clarke, Cobb, Colltuucr, Collin, Constable,
Culloni, Culver, Cummins, Cunningham, Danid,
OniYa^'h, Oelano, l)e Alott, Dillingham, Divon,
Dobbin, Oockery, Douglass, Drom^oolc, Dunlap,
Kdsall, Ellsworth, Erdniun, J. 11. Kv.ing, Fiek-
lin, Foster, Pries, Garvin, Giddin<>s, (.riles, Good-
year, Gordon, Graham, Grider, Urover, Hamlin,
Hampton, llaralson, 1 iarmausnn, Darner, Hen-
ley, Hilliard, Huge, Elias B. Holmes, Hopkins,
Hough, Geo. S. Houston, Knmiiel D. Hubbard, ;
llungerford, Washington Hunt, Jauvs B. Hunt, |
Charles J. Ingersoll, Jenkins, .Tamest!. Johnson, !
Joseph Johnson, Andiew Johnson, George W.
Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kennedy, Preston King,
Lawrence, Lcib, La Sere, Lewis, he, in. Lison, '
| Lumpkin, Marlay, McClean, McClelland, Mc- I
| demand, McConncll, McCrate, 'McDowell, Mc- .
Gaughey, Mcl-Ienry, Melh-aine, McKay, ATarsh, i
John P. Martin, Barclay Martin, Morris, Morse,
Moulton, Nivcn. Norris, Owen, Parish, Payne, !
Perrill, Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Pollock, Price, Ram- I
sev, Rathbun, Rcid, Rclfc, Ritter, Roberts, Julius !
Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Rus- j
sell, Sawtclle, Sawyer, Scammon, Schenek, Sea- j
man, Severance, Leonard H. Sims, Truman Smith, I
Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stan- '
ton, .Starkweather, Stewart, St. John, Strohm,
Strong. Sykcs, Thibodeaux, Tlioumsson, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts,
Tilden, Towns, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, Went-
worth, Wheaton, White, Wick, Williams, Wil-
mot, Woodruff, Woodworth, Yell, Young, and
Yost—172.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashmnn, Bayly, Bed-
inger, Milton Brown, Burt, John G. Chapman,
Augustas A. Chapman,Cocke, Cranston, Crozier,
Dargan, Garrett Davis, Jefferson Davis, Edwm
H. Ewing, Faran, Foot, Gentry, Grinnell, Her-
rick, Isaac E. Holmes, John W. Houston, Ed-
mund W. Hubard, Hudson, Hunter, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, Daniel P. King, Thos. B. King, Leake,
Long, Miller, Moseley, Pendleton, Rhett, Seddon,
A. D. Sims, Simpson, Caleb B. Smith,Stephens,
Benjamin Thompson, Toombs, Tredway, Win-
throp, Woodward, Wright, and Yancey-—46.
So the substitute was concurred in. _
The question then was on ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. THURMAN called for a division.
The SPEAKER said the question was not divis-
ible.
Mr. THURMAN appealed.
The SPEAKER said that the division of any
question upon engrossment was unpaialleled ill
parliamentary proceedings. It never had been
done.
Mr. THURMAN withdrew his appeal.
And the question, " Shall this joint resolution be
engrossed for a third reading?" was taken,and de-
cided in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John duincy Adams, Stephen
Adams, Anderson, Arnold, Atkinson, Baker, Bar-
! ringer, Bell, Benton, Biggs, James Black, James
i A. Black, Blanehard, Bowlin, Boyd, Brinkeihoff,
; ISrockenbrough, Brodhead, William G. Brown,
| Buflinston, William W. Campbell, John H. Canip-
bell, Cat heart, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman,
; Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Constable, Cullom, Culver,
1 Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Darragh, Jeffer-
! soil Davis, Delano,'DeMott, Dillingham, Dobbin,
Douglass, Dromgoole, Duniap, Edsall, Ellsworth,
Erdman, John H. Ewing, Faian, Ficklin, Foster,
Fries, Garvin, Giddings, Giles, Goodyear, Gor-
1 don, Grahnm, G rider,Grover, Hamlin, Hampton,
1 larnlson, Hnnnnnson, Harper, Henley, Hilliard,
[ r'r1, [".has I!. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, George
S. Houston, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, Jas.
R Hunt, Charles.!. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James H.
.1 olmson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geo.
W..I ones. Seaborn Jones,Kennedy,Preston King,
Lawrence, T.eib, l.a Sere, Lewis, Levm, Ligon,
Lumpkin, Maclay, McClean, McClelland, Mc-
I Clcrnancl, McOon'nell, McCrate, McDowell, Mc-
1 Gaughey, MeHemy, McIIvaine, McKay, John
! P. Martin, Barclay Martin, Morris, Morse, Moul-
ton, Nivcn, Norns, Owen, Parish, Payne, Perrill,
Peri v, I'cttit, Phelps, Pollock, Price, Ramsey,
Rath bun, Rcid, Relic, Ritter, Roberts, Root, Runk,
| Russell, Snwtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Schenek,
, Seaman, Severance, Leonard H. Sims, Albert
Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton,
! Starkweather, Stewart, St. John, Strong, Sykes,
| Thomasson, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
: Thurman, Tibbatts, Tilden, Towns, Trumbo,
' Vance, Wentworth, Wheaton, White, Wick,
AVilliams, Wihnot, Woodruff, Woodworth, Yell,
Youn«. and Yost—1C3.
] N A YH—Messrs. Abbott, Ashmun, Bayly, Bed-
■ nV'T-r. Milton Brown, lhut, John G. Chapman,
Augustus A. Chapman, Cocke, Collamer, Cran-
■ ston, Crozier, Dargan, Garrett Davis, Dixon,
Dockcry, Edwm K. Ewing, Foot, Gentry, Grin-
nell, Herriek, Isaac E. Holmes, John W. Hous-
ton, Edmund W. Hubard, Samuel D. Hubbard,
Hudson, Hunter, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Daniel P.
King, Leake, Long, Marsh, Miller, Moseley, Pen-
dleton, Rhett, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Seddon, Alexander D. Sims, Simpson, Truman
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Strohm, Thi-
bodeaux, Benjamin Thompson, Toombs, Tred-
way, Vinton, Winthrop, Woodward .Wright, and
Yancey—54.
So the joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading at this time.
And having been read a third time, and the ques-
tion being, "Shall this joint resolution pass?"
Mr. G. W. JONES demanded the previous
question.
There was a second, and the main question was
ordered.
Mr. McCONNELL asked the yeas and nays,
but withdrew the demand.
And the main question, " Shall this joint resolu-
tion pass?" was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative without a division.
So the joint resolution was passed in the follow-
ing form, to wif:
