1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
the United States of America do now think fit to annul
and abrogate that convention, and the said convention is
hereby accordingly entirely annulled and abrogated: Pro-
vided,"That this resolution shall take effect after the expira-
tion of the term of twelve months from the day on which
due notice shall have been given to Great Britain of the
passage of this resolution. And the President of the United
States is hereby authorized and required to give such no-
tice; and also, at the expiration of said convention, to issue
his proclamation setting forth that fact.
Also the following joint resolution, offeifed Jan-
uary 26th, 1846, by Mr. Crittenden:
JOINT RESOLUTION concerning the Oregon territory.
Whereas, by the convention concluded the twentieth day
of October, eighteen'hundred and eighteen, between the
United'Statesof America and the King of the United King-
dom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the period of ten years,
and afterwards indefinitely extended and continued in force,
by another convention of the same parties, concluded the
sixth day of August, in the year of our Lord one thousand
eight hundred and twenty-seven, ii was agreed that any
country that may be claimed by either party on the north-
west coast of America, westward of the Stony or Rocky
mountains, now commonly called the Oregon territory,
should, together with its harbors, hays, and creeks, and the
navigation ol all rivers within the same, be " free and open"
to the vessels, citizens, and subjects of the two Powers;
but without prejudice to my claim which either of the
parties might havo to any part of the said rountjy; and with
thus further provi$g&i, in the second articlc of the said con-
vention of the sijgpPof August; eighteen hundred and twen-
ty-seven, that cither party might abrogate and annul said
convention, on giving due notice of twelve months to the
other contracting paity:
And whereas, it lias now become desirable that the re-
spective claim* of the United States and Great Britain should
be definitely settled, and that *aid terriloiy may no longer
than need be remain subject to thocvd consequences of the
divided allowance of its'American and British population,
and of the confusion and conlUct of national jurisdictions,
dangerous to the cherished peace and good understanding of
the two countries :
With a view, therefore, that steps be taken for the abro-
gation of the said convention of the sixth of August, eighteen
hundred and twenty-seven, in the mode prescribed m it*
second article, ami that the attention of the Governments of
both countries may be the more earnestly and immediately
directed to renewed dibits tbr the settlement of nil their dif-
ferences and disputes in respect to said teiritoi>:
Resolved hy the mul House of licpycwufttlivc!. of the
United Stttfhs of Jlmcrira iv (bm>ress assembled, That the
President of the United .States be, and ho is hereby, author-
ized, at his discretion, to give to the British Government
the notice required by its said second article for the abro-
gation of the said convention of the sixth of August, eighteen
hundred and twenty-seven: Provided, fioa-crr). That, in
order to allord ampler lime and opportunity foi the aniioa
hie settlement and adjustment of all their diilerener;* and
disputes in "ies-peet to said fecntory, said nouoe ought not
to ho given till nltur the close of the present sc^mou of
Congress.
Also, the following resolutions, submitted by
Mr. Hannegan:
Resolved^ That the country included within the parallels
of 42 and 54 degrees 40 minutes noith latitude, and extending
from the Rooky mountains to the Pacific ocean, known as
the Territory of Oregon, is the property, and part and parcel
of the United States,
Resolved, That there exists no power in this Government
. to transfer its soil and the allegiance of its eiti'/.ons to the
dominion, authority., control, and subjection of any foreign
prince, state, or sovereignty.
Resolved, That the abandonment or surrender of any por
tioa of the Territory ot Oregon would he an abandonment
of the honor, the character, and the best interests of the
American people.
Also, the following amendment to the above res-
olutions by Mr. Hannegan, submitted by Mr.
Calhoun:
Strike out all after the wordresolvedf and insert:
That the I'rcwidont of the United States ha*? the power, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to make
treaties, provided two-thirds ofthc Senate present concur.
Resolved, That the power of making treaties embraces
that of settling and fixing boundaries between tin* territories
and possessions of the United States and those of other
Powers, in cases ot conflicting claims between them m ref-
erence to the same.
Resolved, That however clear their claims maybe, in
their opinion, to the country included within the parallels
of 4% degicos and 54 degrees 40 minutes ijoj th latitude, and
extending from the Rocky mountains to the PaeUie ocean,
known as the Territory of Oregon, there now exists, and
have long existed, conflietingelawis to the po^e^ion of the
same between them and Croat Britain, the adjustment ot
which has been frequently the subject of negotiation be-
tween the respective Governments.
Resolved, therefore, That the President of the United
States has rightfully the power under the Constitution, by
and with the advice and conscnt of the Senate, pi ovidcd
that two-thirds of tiie members present concur, to adjust
by tieaty the claims of the two countries to the said tciri-
tory, by fixing a boundary between their respective pos-
sessions.
Resolved, That the "President of the United States, m re-
newing the offer, in the spirit of peace and compromise, to
establish the 49th degree of north latitude as a line between
the two countries to the said tciritory, did not abandon the
honor, the character, or the bei>t intc rests of the American
people, or exceed the power vested in him by the Constitu-
tion to make treaties.
Mr. MANGUM, when the Secretary was about
to read his amendment, suggested that his propo-
sition had not been offered as an amendment, but |
had been merely laid before the Senate for the pur- !
pose of having it printed.
[A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States.]
Mr. ALLEN then rose, and opened the debate
on the question. He stated that, notwithstanding
sixty-nine years had passed away since the people
of this country had declared themselves free and
independent of Great Britain, and sixty-three years
since Great Britain, by a solemn treaty, had ac-
knowledged the act, she still retained possession of
an area, on our soil, of eighthundred miles square,
where her laws were enforced. For twenty-eight
years our Government had been'endeavoring to in-
duce her to withdraw the exercise of her jurisdic-
tion from that portion of territory, and now the
President has informed us, in his annual Message,
that all negotiations to that end have proved vain.
We arc therefore now called on to adopt measures
to enforce and secure our rights, and protect our
citizcns who have gone thither as settlers. On the
subject of the validity of our title, we stand com-
mitted before the world by a variety of acts and cir-
cumstances, and it has now devolved on us to show
that we have sufficient nerve to defend our claim.
Mr. A. then took a view of the position taken
by the leading powers of Europe, and the feeling
which regulated their course; directed as it was,
against the spirit of liberty on which our institu-
tions arc founded. It is this free republic of ours
which forms the only obstacle to their wishes to
subjugate the whole human race, and to which all
the lovers of freedom look to avert the establish-
ment of the monarchical system over the entire
world.
It is the fact of this powerful confederation being
in existence, and thus operating, which renders it
necessary for us to prepare our energies to meet
and repel their efforts, we do not seek war; but
war must be expected to come upon us. And if we
bring it on ourselves by seeking to defend our
rights on our own soil, we may expect to be sus-
tained by the approbation of all good men.
lie charged Ureal Britain with having com-
oienceri throwing di/Iicultics not only in (he way
of our posM'SMon of Oregon but in tlie path of om
prosperity, from the moment when the treaty
of peace, in J?^3, vuw signed, by her outrages
on our commciee, and the interposition of fic-
titious, frivolous, and vexatious claims; thus pro-
voking the war which afterwards took place. Tic
then proceeded to notice the manner in which the
most exciting questions in dispute had been eva-
ded and postponed by British diplomatists; and
among these the settlement of the Oregon ques-
tion. That question public opinion now impera-
tively culled on us to settle, and if we neglect to
settle it now, the next Congress will be compelled
to advance beyond 54° 40'.
Whether the notice we arc now called on, by
the joint resolution before us, to give to Great
Britain, will lead to war or not, ho did not pretend
to say. It was a question not to be taken at all
into our view in the consideration of the subject.
Mr. MANGUM here requested permission to
put a question to the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. ALLEN yielded the floor for that purpose.
Mr. MANGUM asked if there was not, in the
suppressed correspondence between Lord Aber-
deen and Mr. MeLane, a passage admitting that
the giving of the notice, on our part, would not be
considered as offensive to Great Britain ?
Mr. ALLEN replied, that as the honorable Sena-
tor had put a question to him to which he himself
[Mr. Mano.um] was as capable of giving answer
as he (Mr. A.) was, it entirely superseded the ne-
cessity of any reply.
Mr. ALLEN then proceeded to lay down the
position that Great Britain would not dare to go
into a contest with this country, single-handed;
not on account of any want of courage in her peo-
ple, or wisdom in her statesmen. Both of these
she possessed in perfection. But her statesmen
were wise enough to understand her true interests*
and they never undertook a measure without look-
ing through it to its results.
He was about to give his reasons for the asser-
tion tluit Gieat Britain would not dare to go into
such a war single-handed, when he gave way, and,
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN,
The Senate adjourned.
[A full report of Mr. Atlf.n's speech, when
concluded, .will appear in our Appendix.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesdays February 10, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
Mr. KENNEDY* from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported correct the bill in relation to
collectors and other officers of the customs.
Mr. RATHBUN rose for some purpose; but
was not heard by the reporter.
Mr. McKAY callcd for the orders of the day.
The SPEAKER, by leave, presented the fol-
lowing communications, viz:
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in obedience to the act to carry into
effect the treaties concluded by the Chickasaw
tribe of Indians, on the 20th of October, 1832,
and the 24th of May, 1834, a statement of the re-
spective funds during the past year required to be
kept for the objects specified m said treaties; and
also an exhibit of the sales of land in the Chicka-
saw ccssion during the last year, together with a
statement of the investments heretofore made;
which letter and. statements were laid upon the
table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in pursuance to the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 22d January last,
a statement exhibiting the quantity and value of
merchandise imported free, and subject to duty,
during the year ending 30th June, 1845; and also
the late and amount of duty which accrucd on
each article respectively; which letter and state-
ment were laid upon the table.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
tins', in compliance with the act passed March 2d,
: 1803, an abstract of the returns of the militia of
|! all the States and Territories of the United States,
|j with their arms, accoutrements, and ammunition;
which letter and abstract were referred to the Com-
ij mittee on the Militia.
A message from the President of the United
b States, heretofore received, was read, and is as fol-
jl lows:
| i To the House of Representatives of the United States:
: I communicate herewith, in answer to the reso-
lution of the House of Representatives of the 39th
!j of December last, the report of the Seci*etary of
| State, enclosing copies? of correspondence between
this Government and Great Britain, within the'last
jS two years, in relation to the Washington treaty,
!, and particularly in relation to the free navigation
]i of the river St. John's, and in relation to the dis-
puted territory fund named m said treaty; and also
I the accompanying copies of documents filed in the
Department of State, which embrace the corres-
pondence and information called for by the said
resolution. JAMES K. POLK.
Ordered, That the said message be referred to
!j the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
II Mr. HAMLIN asked leave to present_a memo-
j[ rial in relation to the construction of a railroad to
!; Oregon. Objected to.
J The SPEAKER said the first business in order
would be the call for reports from committees.
! | On motion of Mr. SEABORN JONES,
'! Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and
; Means be discharged from the consideration of so
: much of the estimates of appropriation as relates
jj to the expenses of the mission to China, and that
1 it be referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
ji Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
■ j made adverse reports upon the petitions of Wm.
Jj Wilson, Henry Disbrow, and G. T, Beyer; which
; reports were laid upon the table.
j; On motion of Mr. DANIEL,
|| Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
j! charged from the consideration of the petition of
i| John Lee, and that it be referred to the Committee
|] on Accounts.
i| Mr. D. also, from the same committee, made a
report upon the case of Langtree &. Jenkins, ac-
companied by a bill for their relief; which was
read twice and-committed.
Mr. GORDON, from the same committee, re-
ported bills of the following titles, viz:
A bill for the relief of J. R. Williams;
A bill for the relief of A. A. Jones; accompanied
by a report in each case; which bills were read
! twice, and committed.
i Mr. G. also, from the same committee, made an
t adverse report upon the petition of G. A. Knight;
which was laid upon the table.
