352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10.
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL, from the same com-
mittee, made an adverse report upon the case of
the heirs of Hugh Hughes, and also upon the case
of John White: which were laid upon the table.
Mr. R. also, from the same committee,reported
bills of the following titles, viz:
A bill for the relief of Jacob L. Vance;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
William Bunce, deceased;
A bill for the lelief of the executors of J. Norris,
deceased; accompanied by a report in each case;
which bills were read and committed.
Mr. LEAKE, from the Committee of Claims,
made a report upon the case of the legal represent
atives of Farrow & Harris, accompanied by a bill
for their relief; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. L. also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report upon the case of James Iiampson ;
which was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND,
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be
discharged from the consideration of the petitions
of citizens of the State of Ohio for a naval depot
at Toledo, and that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affair?, Also, from the petitions
of citizens of New York, for the improvement of
the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, in Wisconsin, and
that they be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.-
Mr. TIBBATTS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, made a report upon the case of Robert H.
Norris, accompanied bva bill for his relief; which
bill wa< read twice, and committed.
Mr. WE NT WORTH. by leave, offered the fol-
lowing resolution ; which was read, and laid over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War communi-
cate to tivs House all the information in his pos-
session respecting the present condition and use of
Fort Dearborn, at Chicago, Illinois, and whether,
without injury to the pnhh" service, the s-ud fort
could not 'be "coiuericd into a marine hospital for
the benefit of seamen on Lake .Michigan; and that
lie procure from the officers in charge an estimate
of the expense thereof, with an opinion whether
lands reserved for military purposes near said fort
could not be sold without public inconvenience or
detriment, to raise the amount necessary to meet
such expenses; and also, as to the expediency of
e-ublislnng a marine hospital at that place; and
a'sn,as to the expediency of selling the site of said
fort entirely, for the purpose of applying the pro-
r■: to the puiehase of grounds fui'thei without
the business poiuon of said city.
}RELFE, from the Committee on Public
Lamis, made a report upon the petition of the
heirs or Wal representatives of John Smith, T,
accompanied by a bill to grant pre-emption rights
to the said heirs; which "bill was read twice and
committed.
Air. HUNT, from the same committee, made a
report upon the case of Charles McKenzie, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which bill was read
twice, and committed.
Mr. ASIJMUN, from the same committee, fo
which was referred the bill from the Senate en-
titled " An act for the relief of David T. Williams,
of Pope county, in the State of Arkansas," re- j
ported the same without amendment, accompanied :
by a report m wntins. I
"Ordered, That the said bill be committed to the j
Committee of the Whole House to-morrow. [
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on the i
Post Office and Post Roads, to which was referred 1
the memorial of the Bank of the Metropolis, re- j
ported a bill for the relief of the Bank of the Me- ,
tropolis; which was read twice, and committed to j
a Co.nmittfce of the Vfhole House to-morrow. .
Mr. McILVAINE, from the committee on the |
Post Office and Post Roads, made a report upon
the cose of S. B. Havs, accompanied by a joint
> esoiution for his relief; which resolution was read
twice, and committed.
Mr Mcl , also, from the same committee, made
a reoort iwon the case of Sellers & Pennoek ac-
companied' by a joint resolution for their reliei;
which resolution was read twice and committed.
Mr. RATHBUN, fiom the Committee on the
Judiciary, made a report upon the petition of Dan-
iel D. Tompkins, deceased, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which bill was read twice, and com-
mitted. . ...
Mr. R., also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Abraham Horback,
reported a bill for his relief; which bill was read
twice, and committed.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported the following resolution; which
was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War and the
Secretary of the Navy be, and they are hereby, re-
quested to report to this House, as early as practi-
cable, whether any officer of the army or navy, or
any person or persons connected with the army or
navy, and who is or are receiving, or have been
receiving a salary or wages as such officer of the
army or navy, or as attached to either, and em-
ployed in any office, clerkship, or labor, or oc-
cupation in or about or connected with the War
or Navy Departments; and if any, how employ-
ed; and whether they are receiving more than one
salary, or more than the wages due for services in
either of said departments, or more than tho sala-
ry or wages due for supposed services, or m con-
sequence of their connexion with either the army
or navy; the names of all such persons, and their
grade of office, and the amount of any such salary
or salaries, or wages received by any such person,
and the character in which such persons received
the same, and how much for each said several ser-
vice, andtiie aggregate of such receipts.
Mr. BIGGS, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, made ail unfavorable report upon the peti-
tion" of William and Joseph Wilcox, sureties of
Martin Wilcox; which report was laid upon the
IclblO.
On motion of Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON,
Ordered, That the Committee on Res olutionary
Claims be discharged from the consideration of the
petition of Elizabeth Taylor, widow of Jacob Tay-
lor, and that it be laid upon the table.
1 M motion of Mr. GRIDER,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be (hsehaigcd from the consideration of the
petition of Margaret and Agnes Bingham, heirs-at-
law of Thomas Armor, and that it be laid upon the j
ta ble.
Mr. G. also, from the same committee, made a
repoit upon the petition of the heirs of Marshal
Oe Puich.imbeau, accompanied by a bill for their
relief; which bill was read twice, and committed.
Mi. G. also piesentcil the petition of citizens of
Bow ling Green, Kentucky, praying appropriations
for a National Armory and Foundry at Fort Mas-
sac; wJueh petition was referred to the Committee
on Military Allan's.
Mr. CLARKE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, made adverse reports upon the
[ petitions of Henry A. Livingston and the heirs of
'j t?etli Cliapm; which reports were, laid upon the
i table.
i Mr. ROWLIN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made adverse reports upon the peti-
tions of John McLaughlin and Marcus Spaulding;
; which reports were laid upon the table.
j Air. SAWYER, from the Committee on Indian j
! Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of tho i
! heirs and legal representatives of Cyrus Turner, |
' reported a bill for their relief; which bill was read I
i twice, and committed. |
| Mr. SAW 1EK, from the Committee on Indian j
Affairs, made an adverse report upon the petition ,
; of P. Preseott; which report was laid upon the
| table. I
I On motion of Mr. HARALSON,
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Af-
[ fails be dischaiged from the consideration of the
petition of citizens of fhe State of Vermont rela-
1 tive to a congress of nations, and that it be laid
I upon the table.
j Mr. YELL, from, the Committeee on Military
i Affairs, to which was referred so much of the re-
: port of the Secretary of War, accompanying the
| President's Message, as relates to a national found-
I! ry, together with petitions upon the subject; made
I! a report thereon, accompanied by a bill for the es-
II tablishment of national foundries; which bill was
jj read twice, and committed.
, i Mr. Y. also, from the same committee, made a
!j report noon the petition of Gad Humphreys and
George Centre, of Florida, accompanied by a bill
for their relief; which bill was read twice, and com-
' mitted.
I Mr. RAMSEY, from the same committee, made
|! an adverse report upon the petition of certain per-
'! sons in New Yoik who served as a band of mu-
sic attached to the nineteenth regiment and elev-
en th brigade and fourteenth division of New York
militia during the last year; which report was laid
upon the table.
Mr. JAMES A. BLACK, from the Committee
on the Militia, to which the subject was referred,
reported a bill to provide for the establishment
of national foundries, accompanied by a report in
writinsr; which bill was read twice and commit-
ted.
Mr. MACLAY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made a report upon the case of the heirs
of John Paul Jones, accompanied by a bill for
their relief; which bill was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. M. also, from the same committee, made
a report upon the petition of Samuel T. Anderson,
of the city of Baltimore, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which bill was read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. M. also, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the petition of John P. An-
derson; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
made a report upon the petition offB.. D. Johnson,
accompanied by a hill for his relief; which bill
was read twice, and committed. .
On motion of Mr. BOYD, •
Ordered, That the Committee on Territories be
discharged from the consideration of the petitions
and memorials relative to the admission of Texas
into the Union, and that they be laid upon the table.
Mr. GOODYEAR, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, made an adverse report upon the
petition of Charles Cartwrite; which report was
laid upon the table.
Mr. G. also, from the same committee, made a
report upon the petition of Roswell Hall, accom-
panied by a bill to increase his pension; which bill
was read twice, and committed.
Mr. MOULTON, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, made a report upon the petition of
David H. Warren, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which bill was read twice, and committed.
Mr. M. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports upon thepetition.s of Seneca Thom-
as, of E. Deming, of T. Dresser, and of David
Ladd; which reports were laid upop the table.
Mr. R. SMITH, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill to provide for comple-
ting the Cumberland road in the States of Ohio, In-
diana, and Illinois, to Jefferson city, m Missouri,
accompanied by a report in writing; which bill
was read twice, and committed.
Mr. STROHM, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution, which was read
and agreed to:
Resolved, That a memorial signed by citizens of
Jefl'ersonville, in the State of Indiana, in relation
to the construction of a canal around the falls of
the Ohio river, at Louisville, be printed for the use
of the members.
Mr. SYKES, from the Committee on Patents,
made a report upon the petition of J. Shaw, ac-
companied by a bill for his lelief; which bill was
read twice, and committed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported bills of the fol-
« lowing titles, viz: A bill for the relief of Peter
\ Rile: "a bill for the relief of Martha Clark; accom-
j panied by a report in each case; which bills were
i read twice and committed.
| Mr. BARR1NGER, from the same committee,
i made an adverse report upon the petition of Mary
| E. Thompson; which was laid upon the table.
I Mr. ATKINSON, from the same committee,
| made a repoi t upon the case of George Roush, ac-
i compamed by a bill for his relief; which bill was
i read twice and committed. *
On motion of Mr. A., _ .
Ordered, That the same committee be discharged
from the consideration of the petition of Lucy
Johnson, and that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. SEAMAN, from the same committee, re-
ported bills of the following titles; viz: A bill for
the relief of Patrick Kelly, sen.; a hill for the re-
lief of Frederick Hopkins; accompanied by a re-
port m each case; which bills were read twice, and
committed.
Mr. JENKINS, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made unfavorable reports upon
the petitions of Nancy Child, Seth Overton, and
