356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11,
By Mr. JACOB THOMPSON; The petition of the heirs
and representatives of Ferdinand Hopkins, deceased, pray-
ing for remuneration for revolutionary seivices, and mon-
eys advanced for the Government, and depredations com-
mitted during the revolutionary war: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. LUMPKIN. The petition of sundiy citizens of
•Clarke and Jackson counties, in the Stato of Georgia, pray-
ing that Congress provide in some constitutional way for the
assemblage of a consress of nations to settle all national
disputes, a  a substitute for war; referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs,
By Mr. DELANO: The petition of 300 voters of Knox
county, pra>ing Congress to establish a semi-weekly mail
route fiom Columhu* to Coshocton. Ohio, via New Albany.
Johnstown, Utica, Martinsburg, Bladensburg, West Bed-
ford, and lloscoe.
By Mr. SAWYER : The petition from citizens of Ohio,
for a naval depot at Mtumee hay, m said State: referred to
the Committee on Na\al Affairs.
By Mr. LA SJ3RE: The petition from Thomas Reed, of
New Orleans, prajmg for a pension : refenod to the Com-
mittee on invalid Pensions. Also, the petition of Mdimsel
White, W. A. Gasquet, J. N. Lavillebeuvre, P. Do Buys,
and 260 others, merchants of New Orleans and Mobile, and
inhabitants of Biloxi, praying for the erection of a light-
house at or near Biloxi: refeired to die Committee on Com-
meu-e.
By Mr. MARTIN: The petition ofEphraim Shnlor. late a
captain of the United States anuv, for a pension : interred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions. Also, the petition of
citizens of Brown county, Wisconsin, for the mipiovcment
of Fox and Wisconsin rivers.
By Mr. WENTWORTH; The petition of citizens of
Lake county, linnoi*. ior a haibor and light-house at Little
Fort, Lake county, Illinois: refenod to the Cfmimitti-o on
Commerce. Also, the petition for a mail loute irom Lit-
tle Fort, Illinois,\ia Antioch. to Solon. Illinois: referied
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Road*. Al-
so, for a change of mail route fiom Ko=coe to Beioif:  e-
referred to the Committee on the Post Ofnee and Post
Roads.
By Mr. J.G. CHAPMAN: The petition of George Young
and others, citizens of the District of Columbia, praying for
protection to their ll&herjcs.
By Mr. BRTNKERHOFF: The pioeuediuss of a public
meeting of citizens of Vermillion, Ohio, relative to ibe im-
provement of the haibor at that place: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
By Mr. DL7NLAP : The petition of Farah Felton, of VWn-
rlall, Massachusetts, widow of Stephen Felton, a private in
the revolutionary war, praying for a pension. Also, the pe-
tition of Relief Gibson, of Massachusetts, widow of Thom-
as Gibson, a private, and also a non-commissioned officer
in the revolutionary war, prajing for a pension. Also, sun-
dry petitions and documents, pra>ing for the payment of
spoliations by the Fiench piior to 1800: refeired to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 11, 3846.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting the Report of the Director of the Mint
at Philadelphia, showing the operations of the
Mint and Branch Mints for the year 1845; which
,vas referred to the Committee oil Finance, and or-
dered to be printed.
Also, a memorial of merchants and other citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying the construction of
harbors on the eastern side of Reedy island, and
at Bomba hook, in the Delaware river; which was
referrred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHALMERS presented a series of resolu-
tions adopted by the Legislature of the State of
Mississippi, instructing their Representatives, and
requesting their Senators, to direct their efforts to
obtain the passage of a law reducing and graduating
the price of the public lands, and modifying the
pre-emption laws in favor of actual settlers; and
also to procure the issuing of patents by the Uni-
ted States for the lands granted to the State of Mis-
sissippi; which were referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. C. also presented the proceedings of a meet-
ing of citizens of Lawrence county, State of Mis-
sissippi, in favor of a grant of public land to aid
in improving the navigation of Pearl river; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASS presented resolutions passed by the
Legislature of the State of Michigan, instructing
the Senators and requesting the Representatives of
that State in Congress to vote for the joint resolu-
tion for giving notice to the British Government of
the termination of the convention of the Gth of
August, 1827, between the United States and Great
Britain, concerning the Oregon territory; and de-
claring as their opinion that the American conti-
nents should not be subject to future colonization
by any European power; which w-ere read and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. DIX presented two petitions of citizens of
New York, praying; the abrogation of certain trea-
ties made with the Seneca Indians; which were
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Committee of
Claims on the petition of William Morrow, be
recommitted to that committee.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to cause to be made an examination of the
public lands subject to overflow in the State of Ar-
kansas, by the Mississippi, Arkansas, White,
Black, Red, and St. Francis rivers in said State;
the quantity of land overflowed by each river; the
quantity overflowed by the Mississippi and Ar-
kansas rivers, and lying between and included
within the boundaries formed by those rivers, the
Louisiana line, and the highlands westward of the
lands so overflowed; and that he report the amount
necessary to protect those lands from overflow, to-
gether with a plan for that object, at the present
session of Congress.
Mr. JARNAG1N submitted the following reso-
lution; which was agreed to:
Rftnhrd, That the Secretary of State and the
Secretary of the Treasury be dirpcted to transmit
to the Senate such documents, papers, and evidence
as may be in their possession severally, stating
when, and under what authority, Eniilio Voss was
appointed agent on the part of the United States to
receive payment of money payable by the Govern-
ment of Mexico to the United States; whether he
is a citizen of ihc United States, oi otherwise; upon
what terms he was so appointed; whether said ap-
pointment. was made at the instance or with the
consent of the parties entitled to the said money
when received; whether any objections have ever
been made by said claimants, or any of them, to
said appointment, or the continuance of the same;
whether said V oss has regularly communicated to
the United States the receipt of money under said
appointment; what communications, if any, have
been nwde by said Yoss to the Government of the
United States ill reference to the two instalments
which fell due in April and July, 1844; whether
the said Voss's said appointment still continues in
force, or, if revolted, when, and in what manner;
whether said Voss has ever paid over, or offered
to pay over, to the United States any orders, drafts,
or other instruments received by him, or alleged to
be so received, on account of said instalments, and
what measures have been taken by the Govern-
ment of the United States, and where, to procure
information upon said matters; and whether the
moneys appropriated by Congress at its last ses-
sion for the payment of said instalments have been
paid to the claimants; and if not, upon what ground
such payment has been withheld.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the House had
passed an act making appropriations for certain
fortifications of the United States, for the year end-
ing June 30, 1847.
Also, an act to extend the powers of the several
Orphans'courts held in and for the District of Co-
lumbia.]
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred " A bill to provide for the
payment of the public debt in certain cases," re-
ported the same without amendment.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, submitted a report upon the petition
of Henry Ballard, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which renort was ordered to be printed.
_ Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported adverse to the petition of Hannah
Branch, praying a pension; which report was
read, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. A., also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report upon the petition of Jane Hoyt;
which report was read, and ordered to be printed.
_ Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported adverse to the petition of Caroline
E. Saunders, praying a pension; which report
was read, and ordered to be printed.
The act received from the House this morning
in relation to Orphans' courts of the District of j
Columbia, was read, and referred to the Commit- i
tee on the District of Columbia. j
^ The bill received from the House of Representa- j
tives this morning, making appropriations for cer- '
tain fortifications, was read, ana referred to the |
Committee on Finance. i
Th® Senate proceeded to tha consideration of 1
the motion for the reconsideration of the Tote
taken several days since upon the bill for the set-
tlement of the claims of New Hampshire against
the United States; when
Mr. ATHERTON stated that his colleague,
who was absent in consequence of indisposition,
was desirous of being present when action was
taken on the bill, and he therefore asked that its
consideration be postponed; which was agreed to.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Cass, was agreed to.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be in-
structed to report to the Senate whether any naval
armament is necessary upon Lake Superior, and,
if any, to what extent, and what is the best and
most economical mode of providing for the naval
defence of that part of the United States.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday by
Mr. Woodbxdce, was considered and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy report
to the Senate such information as may remain in
his departmant, concerning the fitness of the har-
bor at the mouth of Grand river, in the State of
Michigan, for a naval depot, together with such
views and comments as may seem to him appro-
priate, relative to the expediency of establishing
at that place, or elsewhere in said State of Michi-
gan, such naval depot.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the adverse report of the Committee on Indian
Affaiis upon the petition of John A. Ragan; which
report was concurred in.
Also, the act for the relief of Nathaniel God-
dard &. Co.; when
Mr. JOHN M. CLAYTON requested that it
be passed by informally; which was agreed to.
Also, the bill to authorize the Secretary of the '
Treasury to make an arrangement or compromise
with Mangle M. Gtuackenboss and his co-obligors,
or any of them, for claims on bonds given by them
as suieties to the United States; which was con-
sidered as in committee of the whole, reported to
the Senate without amendment, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
[A message in writing- was received from the
President of the United States.]
The Senate also proceeded to the consideration
of "A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of George Duval, a Cherokee Indian;" which was
considered as in Committee of the Whole, when,
on suggestion of Mr. JARNAGrIN, Mr. SEVIER
assenting thereto, the further consideration of the
bill was postponed for the present.
Also, the " bill to repeal a part of the act entitled
'An act supplementary to the several laws for the
sale of the public lands,"' approved April 5,1832,
and for other purposes; which was considered as
in committee of the whole, reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, and ordered to be engross-
ed for a third reading.
Also, the bill for the relief of Elijah White; which
was read a second time, considered as in commit-
tee of the whole, and reported to the Senate with-
out amendment.
Mr. PEARCE expressed himself not satisfied as
to the justice of the claim of the petitioner, and
asked further time to look into it.
Mr. ATCHISON offered a few remarks, show-
ing that the relief proposed to be rendered was call-
ed for, just, and equitable. He had not, however,
any objection to the postponement of the consid-
eration of the bill, if the Senator [Mr. Pearce]
had any doubt as to its justice.
The further consideration of the bill was there-
fore postponed.
Tlie Senate further proceeded to the considera-
tion of the bill to aid the State of Mississippi in the
construction of a railroad from Jackson, through
Brandon, to the western boundary of Alabama;
when
Mr. ASHLEY suggested that its further con-
sideration be postponed, in consequence of the ab-
sence of the gentleman who had reported it, [Mr.
Speight:] which was agreed to.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William D. Cheever, deceased, was then taken
up for consideration; when
Mr. CALHOUN called for the reading of the re-
port thereon, and other documents accompanying
the report, which was ordered; and the Secretary
proceeded to read.
Pending the reading, Mr. DICKINSON moved
thai the reading be suspended, the previous orders
