1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
important information. If (continued Mr. H.) the
gentleman so charged, or intimated, I believe he is
totally incorrect in the information he has received,
and the charge he has made 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in or-
der. The Chair then decided that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Rathbu^t] was in order, for
the simple reason that the House had decided that
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. King] was in
ordfer.
Mr. TIBBATTS appealed from the decision.
• An inquiry was made whether the appeal was
debatable.
To which the SPEAKER replied that it was not.
Mr. FARAN. " I would suggest to my friend
from New York [Mr. Rathbun] that as those who
voted for the joint resolution need no justification
for that vote before the country, while those who
did not so vote required to justify themselves, it
would probably be no more than courteous to
members to allow them to make their apology.'*
The SPEAKER said the gentleman was not in
order.
Mr. RATHBUN said he would relieve the
House from the difficulty into which it had thrown
itself.
Mr. TTLDEN called Mr. Ratiibttn to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has been
twice called to order already, and an appeal has
been taken.
Mr. RATHBUN. I was about to say that
which I apprehend will dispense with the neces-
sity of an appeal.
After a brief conversation between Messrs.
ASHMUN and P. KING, the appeal, under the
condition stated by Mr. Rathbun, was withdrawn
by Mr. Tibbatts.
Mr. RATHBUN resumed. Now, (said he,)
without being able to give the reasons, and the
great variety of reasons which had influenced him
to vote for that resolution 
Mr._ CHAPMAN interposed and renewed the
objection to Mr. R.'s proceeding; and the appeal
from the decision of the Speaker permitting it,
Some conversation arose; when
Mr. RATHBUN, remarking that he would not
press his right under what he considered a very bad
precedent, yielded the floor, and resumed his seat.
Mr. BIG-G-S rose, he said, not to a personal ex-
planation, but to make a motion.
Mr. SCHENCK [Mr. B. still retaining the
floor] rose, he said, to a personal explanation.
Some conversation took place upon a point of or-
der as to the right to the floor.
The SPEAKER decided that a gentleman rising
for the purpose of personal explanation could not
dispossess a gentleman already upon the floor of
his right to it, and could not proceed unless the
floor was yielded by the gentleman occupying it.
Mr. SCHENCK appealed to the gentleman to
hear a request he wished to make to him.
Mr. BIGGS declined to yield the floor.
Some conversation followed.
Mr. BIGGS was understood to say, it would be
recollected by the House that what was technical-
ly called resolution day had been postponed for
several weeks. There were many members who
had resolutions to present, and it was necessary to
pass these resolutions in order to get the business
of the House before the committees. He would
move, therefore, that the rules be suspended for
the purpose of receiving such resolutions as might
not give rise to debate.
And the question being taken, the House refused
to suspend the rule.
[A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of J. K. Walker,
Esq., his private secretary, informing the House
that the President had approved ana signed the
bill in relation to collectors and other officers of
the customs.]
On motion of Mr. TIBBATTS, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Brodhead in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the payment of revolutionary
and other pensioners during the fiscal year ending
the 30th Jufte, 1847.
The pending question was on the appeal from the
decision of the Chair, ruling out of order the amend-
ment of Mr. Tibbatts, proposing to change the
laws on the subject of pensions.
Mr. TIBBATTS modified his amendment, by
adding at the end thereof the following:
"Be it farther enacted, That the provisions of the
act approved seventh June, eighteen hundred and
thirty-two, entitled 4 An act supplementary to the
act for the relief of certain surviving officers and
soldiers of the Revolution,' be, and the same are
hereby, so extended as to cmbrace all those officers
and soldiers, spies, and rangers, who, under one
or more engagements, shall have served for a term
of three months or upwards, in the wars against
the Indian tribes, at any time previous to the treaty
of Greenville, in the year seventeen hundred and
ninety-five; and on application at the proper de-
partment, and proof thereof, they shall be entitled
to have their names placcd on the pension roll.
''And be it further enacted, That, for terms of
service greater than three months, allowances shall
be made to all those embraced by this extension,
in the same manner, and under the same regula-
tions and rules of testimony which are applied to
similar cases arising under the act which is hereby
extended.
"And be it further enacted, That, in cases where
services shall have been rendered for a shorter time
than six and not less than three months, previous
to the treaty of peace with Great Britain, in the
year seventeen hundred and eighty-three, and shall
not, under the existing laws, entitle the person who
rendered the same to a pension, by reason of their
not amounting to six months, it shall be lawful to
estimate every such term of service le«s than six
months and not less than three months; and the
applicant, on proof thereof, shall be allowed as in
other cases.
" And be it farther enacted, That no person shall
be allowed a pension under the provisions or by
virtue of this act while such person shall continue
to draw a pension under any other act now in
force.
(i And be it further enacted, That in ail cases in
which testimony shall be taken, to be used in the
prosecution of any claim or claims against the Uni-
ted States, or on any application for a pension un-
der this act, or any other act now in force, and
where the oath to the witness or witnesses so de-
posing shall be administered by any State, District,
or Territorial officer, legally authorized to admin-
ister oaths, if any such witness or witnesses shall
wilfully and knowingly give false testimony, he,
she, or they, so offending shall be taken and held
to be guilty of corrupt perjury, and may be pro-
ceeded against in the courts of the United States,
and punished in the same manner as though the
oath to said witness or witnesses had been admin-
istered by an officer of the United States, and under
its authority."
The point of order was further debated by
Messrs. hamlin, schenck, sawyer,
rhett, (g. DAVIS in explanation,) a. d.
sims, (ashmun in explanation,) dilling-
ham, rathbun, McClelland, hop-
kins, tibbatts, McKAY, e. h. ewing,
and j. r. ingersoll.
The question on the appeal was then taken, and,
by ayes 102, noes 38, the decision of the Chair was
affirmed.
So the amendment of Mr. Tibbatts was decided
to be out of order.
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH offered the following
amendment:
" Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That all arrear-
ages of pension now due, or which may hereafter
become due, to the heirs of any deceased pension-
er, shall be paid to (the administrator or executor
of such deceased pensioner in trust for said heirs:
Provided, That the same, when paid to such ad-
ministrator or executor, shall not be liable to the
payment of any debts or demands of any descrip-
tion whatever against the estate of such deceased
pensioner; but the same shall be paid by such ad-
ministrator or executor to the legal heirs of such
deceased pensioners who now by law are entitled
to the same."
Pending this amendment, the committee rose and
reported.
Mr. STEPHENS asked leave to offer a reso-
lution.
Objection was made. And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented, under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of Captain Harri-
son, of the schooner Jrolick, and others, for a harbor at
Cattaraugus, Now York: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
By Mr. McILVAINE: The petition of Joseph Mann, a
revolutionary soldier, asking for an additional pension.
By Mr. J. B HUNT: The petition of Daniel Le Roy and
others, for establishing a post-route from Aun Atbor to
Flint, in the State of Michigan.
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of John Thomas and 70
others, citi zens of Oregon county, Missouri, praying the estab-
lishment of a new mail-route from Thomasville, the county
seat of Oregon, to the mouth of Little Piney, by way of the
county seat of Texas. Also, the petition of J. R. Wood-
side, and seventy-two others, citizens of Oregon county,
Missouri, praying the establishment of a new mail-route
from Thomasvillc, the county seat of Oregon county, to
Rockbridge, the county seat of Ozark county: both of which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. HOUGH t Three several petitions of the citizens
of the counties of Oswego and Jefferson, New York, and
ship owners on Lake Ontario, for an appropriation for the
completion of the piei and public works at the harbor at the
mouth of Salmon river, on Lake Ontario: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. SCHENCK The memorial of E. W. Davies, and
50 others, citizens of Dayton, Ohio, protesting against any
alteration of the piesent postage laws, whereby the tax for
the transportation of mail matter will be increased.
By Mr. WOODRUFF; Tne petition of Nicholas Siscoe,
asking for a pension. «
By Mr. SAWYER: Two petitions from 82 members of
the Ohio Legislature, for the improvement of the Maumee
river, in the State of Ohio; referied to the Committee on
Commeice. Also, the petition from 75 citizens of Mont-
gomery county, Ohio, for a new system in relation to the
public lands: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. JACOB THOMPSON : The petition of Mr. L. S.
Dealings, for arrears of pay for services as deputy surveyor
in the land district north of the Red river district, m the
State of Louisiana, referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. J. G. CHAPMAN: Two petitions from citizens of
the District of Columbia, thiit the bridges across the Eastern
bianeh may be made free. Al*o, two petitionsfiom citizens
of Washington county, Distuct of Columbia, for a change
in the oigamzauon of the Levy court.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 12, 1846.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a re-
port from the Secretary of the Navy, communica-
ting", in compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
estimates of the cost of a dry-dock at Pensacola;
which was read and ordered to be printed.
Mr. D1X presented a petition of citizens of Gen-
esee county, New York, praying the abrogation
of certain treaties made with the Seneca Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. ARCHER presented the petition of Ann
Kelly, widow of a deceased naval seaman,"asking
a pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. DICKINSON submitted documents relative
to the claim of Sarah Overbagh, widow of a deceas-
ed revolutionary soldier, to a pension; which were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of Hezekiah
Wingatc, a soldier in the last war with Great Brit-
ain, praying a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. D. further presented a petition of citizcns
of Orleans county, New York, praying the abro-
gation of certain treaties with the Seneca Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition of citizens
of Missouri, praying the establishment of a mail-
route from Kingston to Maysville, and from Gal-
latin to St. Joseph's, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted additional docu-
ments in relation to the petition of Edward Bolon;
which were referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. W. also submitted documents relative to the
appointment of commissioners by the States of
Florida and Georgia, for running and marking the
boundary-line between those States; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and or-
dered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. DIX, it was ordered that John
Frazee have leave to withdraw his petition and pa-
pers.
On motion, it was
Resolved, That when the Senate adjourn, it be to
meet on Monday next.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, made an adverse report on the
petition of Mary J. West, praying a pension;
which report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill from the House of
