1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
country. He did that, but he also sought to ex-
cite studiously the feelings of our country against
Englishmen; and, worse than that, to excite the
feelings of Englishmen against us. It has been a
leading object with the gentleman, throughout ihis
session, to prepare the hearts of the people of the
United States for war with England; and this the
gentleman, on an occasion prior to this discussion,
has acknowledged to be his object. Sir, I say
again, that, if the honorable Senator had sought
only to prepare the hearts of our countrymen for
war, it would not have been one-third as bad in its
effects as its tendency to prepare the hearts of the
English people for a war against us. He has
sought to excite and inflame the honorable passions
of Englishmen against us, not one of whom, after
reading the speech of that gentleman, but will feel
indignant that his country has been denounced as
a nation that dare not go to war in vindication of
its rights. What would the feeling of an Ameri-
can be, after hearing such a speech against his coun-
try delivered in the House of Commons, by a lead-
ing member—the head of a leading committee?
As a Senator of the United States—holding a po-
sition which may be considered as constituting
him a connecting link between the President and
the Senate—his speech will be supposed to speak
the sentiments of the country on this matter. Sir,
we may tell the feelings of an Englishman on this
subject, by putting the question home to ourselves;
a.nd I ask you, if you would not rise with indigna-
tion from reading a speech in which it was asserted
we dare not go to war in defence of our rights?
Sir, I undertake to say to the Senator—and I hope
the declaration of so humble a member of this body
as myself will accompany his speech to England—
that I do not believe that there is any considerable
portion of the Senate of the United States who
would agree to such an assertion as that in his
speech. From communication with my brother
Senators, I undertake to say that not a third of them
would approve of that, or any other declaration of
the Senator from Ohio, tending to excite sentiments
of hostility in the people of "England, or to pro-
voke war. I do not believe he speaks the senti-
ments of the President or his Cabinet on that sub- j
ject, of either branch of Congress, or of any con-
siderable portion of it.
A SENATOR. Or of the people.
Mr. CLAYTON. Or of the people, as my
friend near me says. They respect the English as
a brave and powerful nation. They are not will-
ing, it is true, to be trampled on by England; and
when she commits an aggression, they are willing
to fight in their own defence; they have told Eng-
land this a thousand times, and they are ready to
do so again; but they are not ready to excite the
passions of any nation to a war with us. And if
they were collected in a body in presence of the
American Senate, nine-tenths of them would repu-
diate any declaration made for them, that they
were disposed to excite foreign nations to war
■with them. Sir, tell England that she dare not go
to war in defence of her rights, and the moment it j
is ascertained that such a sentiment was entertained
in the Senate of the United States, every English-
man, Irishman, and Scotchman, now living in that
country, will rally to her assistance. All it needs
- is, to make her believe we think that, and war will
be inevitable.
• Sir, I do not belong to that class of men to which
the Senator so frequently alluded, who seek to de-
preciate the power of my own country; but I hold
it to be my duty, as a faithful sentinel here, to tell
my countrymen throughout the land the real con-
dition of their naval and military power, and con-
trast it with that of any foreign nation with which
there may be danger of war. If there was a dan- i
ger of war with France, I would hold it to be my j
duty to tell them of the relative naval forces of j
France and this country; and I hold that this is not ]
depreciating our own, nor exaggerating the force of I
the enemy. j ]
• The tendency of the remarks of the Senator from j j
Ohio was to condemn the remarks made by the !'
Senator from Michigan at the beginning of the ses-
sion. That Senator thought it his duty to tell his
brother Senators, and the whole country, through
the medium of the reporters of this body, that we
were in danger, and ought to arm; that our navy
and army were insufficient for the defence of the
country. He pressed that view with all his ener-
gy; and, believing that something ought to be done
in that condition of affairs, we appointed a com-
mittee, to whom was referred the question of pre-
paring adequate means of defence. Sir, no wise
man ever goes into a contest with another seeking
to disparage the power of his opponent; no wise
general enters the battle field depreciating the pow-
er of the enemy and overrating his own. More
battles have been lost by that error than all others
together. I will now proceed to make a few re-
marks in concurrence with the Senator froni Mich-
igan about increasing the defences of the country.
I concur with the Senator from Florida on this sub-
ject. They were not those of an alarmist; and I
hold that the defenceless state of our seacoast, and
the unprepared state of our other defences, are a
perfect justification of his remarks.
The honorable Senator from Ohio says England
dare not go to war. Why ? Because she is exceed-
ingly weak. She cannot defend herself, because,
amongst other things, her navy has lost, he says,
that supremacy which he admits it formerly had
amongst the nations of the world. He thinks it is
by no means so powerful as it was in 1802 and 1803.
I differ from the honorable gentleman, and I beg to
make an effort to convince my brother Senators
that he was entirely mistaken with regard to that
subject. I believe that the navy of Great Britain is
at this moment greater than ever it was since she
became a nation. She has at this time, according
to accurate 
Mr. ALLEN. My proposition was, that her
power, relatively to the naval power of the world,
was greater then than it is now relatively to the na-
val power of the world.
Mr. CLAYTON. I think, then, that proposition
is still more objectionable than the other. Let us
examine it. Let us look a little into the facts of the
case. Let us thus test the accuracy of the gentle-
man's proposition. I have some statistics on the
subject which have been very carefully compiled,
and for that reason I solicit for them the attention
of the Senate. England has 671 vessels of war,
carrying 16,242guns, and manned by 40,000 men.
Can the honorable Senator from Ohio point to any
period in the past history of England when she had
such a force as that afloat? Of these ships, 98 are
war-steamers, many of them of the first class-
much more dangerous than the old vessels of war
she was accustomed to build. But the Senator,
in the course of his remarks, depreciated her navy
because, no matter how many ships she might now
possess, the introduction of steam had diminished
her relative power with othertiations. Perhaps he
was not aware of the fact I have just stated to him,
that if steam is to he brought in as an element of
war, England has availed herself of it to twice, ay,
thrice the extent of any other nation on the face of
the globe. Ninety-eight war-steamers; you have
how many ? Five ! Two of them are ships that
you could put alongside her frigates or sloops of
war; the others are vessels of an"inferior class, as
I understand. Well, what is the extent of your
niilitaiy marine ? You have, as I have shown, as
great a commercial marine as England—as much to
protect as she has—and yet you possess but seven-
ty-six ships of war, in all! Seventy-six ships, car-
rying just two thousand three hundred and fifty-
four guns. England has 16,242 guns afloat. You
have 2,354. Well, I am willing, as the honorable
gentleman has suggested, to progress a little fur-
ther, and to compare our navy with that of some
other portions of the earth, and to compare the
English navy also with them. Prance has, of
commercial tonnage about 625,709 tons; yet she
has 348 ships-of-war, of which 60 are of the largest
class—carrying, in all, 8,816 guns, and manned by
29,095 men.
Mr. BENTON. How many?
Mr. CLAYTON repeated the number, and pro-
ceeded. Well, now, sir, compare her commer-
cial marine with yours, and you will find that
yours is to hers as four to one; but compare your
naval power with hers, and hers is just four times
as great as yours. Russia has but 239,000 com-
mercial tonnage; yet she has 126 vessels of war,
many of the largest class, and 10,394 men to man
them. She has eight war-steamers, and many
others are now building. Your commercial ma-
rine, compared with that of Russia, is as ten to
one; but her naval power, compared with yours,
is as five to one. I will now briefly allude to the
naval statistics of some of the inferior or secondary
powers of Europe. Denmark, which has but 95,-
375 of foreign tonnage, has 73 ships of war, with
754 guns at least—more, undoubtedly, though not
stated in these tables—because I know the fact,
that many of the gun-boats in the service of Den-
mark carry four large guns, whilst in my table
only one is allowed to each. Sweden, 118,025
tonnage, 397 vessels of war, 1,407 guns, two war-
steamers. Holland has 214,284 tonnage, 132 ves-
sels of war of all-classes, and about 1,544 guns.
Turkey has 31 vessels of war of all classes, 1,902
guns. The Pacha of Egypt has 20 vessels of war;
nine of them, as has been represented to me on the
best authority, larger than our ship of the line, the
Pennsylvania. What is the result of these statis-
tics ? For every hundred thousand tons of com-
mercial tonnage we have one hundred guns; Eng-
land has six hundred and forty-seven guns; France
one thousand and thirty guns; Russia three thou-
sand four hundred and sixty-seven guns; Denmark
eight hundred and seventy-seven; Sweden seven
hundred and three; Holland seven hundred and
seventy-seven. Thus, then, it stands; England
yields about seven times as much protection to her
commerce as you do to yours; France more than
ten times as much; Russia thirty-five times as
much; Denmark eight- times as much; Sweden
more than seven times as much; Holland eight
times as much. Well, now, if the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio desires it, he might go on, and in-
stitute a comparison between the power of England
and that of all other countries; and I think he will
find that England has guarded heiself at every
point. Her military marine is at this time, I con-
tend, greater than it ever was on earth before. And
if a period in the history of the world were to be
selected, where one nation ought to seek a war
with another, this ought to be the very last when
this country should seek a war with England.
Now let not the Senator from Ohio, nor any other
man, imagine that I make these remarks with a
view to depreciate the power of my own country,
or unjustly to exaggerate the power of any foreign
nation. I have, if anything, rather underrated the
power of England. 1 have stated precisely, from
information of the highest authority, what oar .own
strength is, and I have not given the largest state-
ment which 1 have seen of the power of England,
but that statement which I deemed the most relia-
ble. But the docuine which I mean to maintain
is expressed in the language of Hemmings—
" To broach a war, and not to be assured
Of ceitam means to make a fair defcncc,
Howe'er ttie cau.sn be right, may justly seem
A wilful madness."
If we had a right to all Oregon, and every man
of us was certain of that, as wise men and sensible
men, if determined to fight for it, surely we would
select some time when we were ready. Arid with-
out now undertaking to give an opinion on the
subject whether we axe ready or not to vindicate
our own rights, or anything else, I leave every
Senator to weigh that serious question in his own
bosom for himself. Mr. President, the people of
the United States have not manifested any want of
confidence in the Executive on this subject. We
are not formed into parties on this subject. I have
said already that men of different parties, and of
the same party, may entertain different opinions
with regaid to our foreign relations; but I know
that my countrymen are as ready for war in de-
fence of their rights as any men on the face of the
earth. I believe all that the Senator from Ohio has
said or can say with regard to the bravery of my
countrymen when forced into combat, and their
ability to protect themselves. Let no man under
take to say that I doubt their prowess in battle. I
have as high an opinion of that as he or any other
man can express But I say now that if the peo-
ple of the United States could be gathered together
m one mass—men of all parties and all sorts in
front of the Presidential mansion, knowing, as they
do, that its occupant has the power to decide this
great question, they would address him in some
such language as that employed by the conqueror
of Agincourt—the sovereign of England at that time
—when he called his council together and desired
their honest and sincere advice in regard to his title
to France. He said—and it is worthy of repeti-
tion, for I think it is the language of our country-
men to the President on this occasion—as we have
it in the imperishable pages of the great dramatist:
"K. Hen. God foibid
That you should fashion, wrest, or boiv your reading
Or nicely chaise your undeistanding soul '
With opening titlci misn-catp, whose rrrht
Suits not in native colors with the trutfi;
For Cod doth know how many, now in health,
