1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
365
oftliv United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the Joint Committee on the Library be in-
structed to inquire into the present condition of the
painting for the Rotundo, ordered to be painted by
the late Henry Inman; and if it be found that the
same is unfinished, the said committee be, and
they are hereby, authorized and required to have
the same finished, provided that it can be done at
an expense (including what has been paid) not ex-
ceeding the amount originally appropriated.
The resolution was read twice, under the rule.
' - Mr. C. asked that it be put on its passage.
Mr. G. J. INGERSOLL did not wish the reso-
lution put on its passage at this time, and moved
that it be committed to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. CAMPBELL explained the grounds upon
which the resolution had been reported, and said
that Mr. Huntington, an artist of merit, and a pu-
pil of Mr. Inman, had offered his services to com-
plete the painting for a very moderate sum, so
moderate as not to exceed the contemplated cost of
the picture in the first instance.
Mr. INGERSOLL was afraid of precipitate ac-
tion^amir Wished the resolution laid over a short
tirtle. There was a good deal of character and a
good deal of money involved, and he hoped the
matter would not be pressed.
Mr. WINTHROP agreed in every respect with
the suggestions of Mr. Ingersoll, and wished the
resolution laid over for the present.
Mr. J. Gl. ADAMS made some remarks not dis-
tinctly heard. He was understood to say that he
doubted the propriety of employing another artist
to complete the unfinished work of Mr. Inman.
He thought the committee ought to be instructed
to inquire into the propriety of employing another
artist to paint a new and original picture, and leave
Mr. Inman's picture to be disposed of in some
other way. He believed that no artist could com-
plete, satisfactorily, a work co nmenced by ano-
ther. It had often been attempted; he recollected
of no instance in which it was successful. Mr. A.
made other remarks which we could not catch.
He concluded by suggesting an amendment to the
resolution, to the effect that the committee be further
instructed to inquire into the expediency of em-
ploying ari artist to pioduce a painting, to take the
place of that which the late Mr. Inman had been
engaged to paint.
Mr. JOS. R. INGERSOLL said he did not hear
all the suggestions of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Adams,] but agreed entirely with
what he did hear. He objected to the proposition
to finish the picture commenced by Mr. Inman; he
thought the plan of Mr. Inman a very bad one.
He had yet to learn that that artist had any talent
as an historical painter. He admitted he had talents
of a high order, and had produced works of merit,
but he believed none of an historical character.
He was decidedly opposed to employing another
to finish what Mr. Inman had begttn. He spoke
of Mr. Huntington, and admitted that he had mer-
its as an artist; but he was not willing to employ
him to finish the picture. There were native Amer-
ican artists in the country perfectly competent to
carry out the original intention of Congress in or-
dering these great historical paintings, and he
thought it was time that Congress should redeem
the character of the country from the obloquy un-
der which it rested in consequence of the miserable
works of art to be found within the Capitol, begin-
ning with those wretched reliefs which we see at
every turn, and ending with the paintings on the
■walls of the Rotundo, every one of which reflected
discredit on the taste and talents of the nation.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL further explained the
reasons which induced the committee to report the
resolution. He spoke of Mr. Huntington as an '
artist of much merit, and believed he would, if em-
ployed, complete the picture commenced by Mr.
Inman in such a manner as to be creditable to him-
self and satisfactoiy to the country.
Mr. WINTHROP agreed with his colleague
[Mr. Adams] that the House, before it acts, ought
to know whether Mr. Inman's picture is worthy
of being finished; and if so, is the artist named by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Campbell]
the most fitting person to be employed. Mr. W.
thought it was worthy of consideration whether it
would not be proper to offer to all native American
artists to compete for a painting to fill up the va-
cant panel in the Rotundo. Let all of them present
their works—seleet the best; the others eould be
sold for good account by those who made them.
Mr. W. offered the following as a substitute for the
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be j
instructed to inquire into the state of the picture '■
which was to have been furnished for the Rotundo j
by the late Mr. Inman, and to report to this House
on the comparative expediency of employing an
artist to finish Mr. Inman's design, or to furnish
an original picture for the vacant panel. And that
the committee also consider the expediency of of-
fering the vacant panel to the competition of all
American artists.
Mr. W. Vv. CAMPBELL said that the reason
why the picture had not been completely finished,
was the loss of health by Mr. Inman several years
ago. Mr. C. assented to the proposition of Mr.
Winthrop, and modified his resolution accord-
ingly.
Mr. SCHENCK then proposed the following
additional resolution:
"And that the said committee also inquire into
and report as to the expediency of employing Hi-
ram Powers to execute, on occountof the Govern-
ment, some appropriate work of sculpture or group
of statuary, illustrating such important incident in
the national history of this country as may be by j
him and the said committee selected for his subject; '
the said work, when completed, to be preservedm
some proper place at this Capitol."
This proposition was read; when
Mr. WINTHROP said that the whole subject,
with all the propositions and suggestions winch
had been made, had better be referred back to the
Library Committee. He would, therefore, make
a motion to that effect.
The motion prevailed, and the resolution, with
the amendments which had been proposed, were
referred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. LUMPKUN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made a report upon the case of William
13. Ligon, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which bill was read twice and committed.
Mr. CULVER asked leave to give notice of a
bill.
Objections were made.
Mr. CH1PMAN asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion.
Objection was made.
Mr. B0WL1N asked leave to present certain
joint resolutions.
Objection was made.
Mr. BAKER asked leave Wteresent. a memo-
rial.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Brodhead, of Pennsylvania, >
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the payment of rev- i
olutionary and other pensioners. j
The pending question being on the following '
amendment oftercd by Mr. Caleb B. Smith: i
"Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That all arrear- !
ages of pension now due, or which may hereafter :
become due to the heirs of any deceased pension- !
er, there being no widow of such pensioner living, 1
shall be paid to the administrator or executor of
such deceased pensioner, in trust for said heirs: j
Provided, That the same, when paid to such ad- j
ministrator or executor, shall not be liable to the !
payment of any debts or demands of any descrip-
tion whatever agai.ist the estate of such deceased i
pensioner, but the sjme shall be paid by such ad- !
ministrator or exccutor to the legal heirs of such |
deceased pensioners who now by law are entitled j|
to the same."
Mr. C. B. SMITH said a word in explanation
of the purport of the amendment.
Mr. McKAY called the attention of the gentle-
man from Indiana to the law of 1840, from which
he read, showing that this class of cases was there-
in expressly provided for.
Mr. SMITH (apparently receiving this expla-
nation as satisfactory) expressed his regret that the
law had never been brought to the attention of the
Commissioner of Pensions, and stated one or two
cases in which such applications made by him were
refused on the ground that compliance was not au-
thorized by law.
Mr. COBBsaid, this provision of the law of 1840
had been overlooked by the Commissioner of Pen-
sions up to the commencement of the present ses-
sion; since that time, claims of this kind hsul been
allowed, as the gentleman from Indiana would find
upon inquiry.
Mr. SMITH withdrew the amendment.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved as an amendment the
fourth section of the amendment (in a modified
form) proposed by him the other day, as follows:
" jlnd be it further enacted, That no widow claim-
ing a pension whose husband was drawing a pen-
sion at the time of his decease, should be required,
in any such case, to furnish any further evidence
that said husband was entitled to a pension; nor
shall any evidence, in any case be required to en-
title the widow to a pension, when the evidence is
in the archives of the Government "
Mr. McKAY raised a point of order against the
amendment, and remarked that it was the same
provision which had been ruled out of order yes-
terday.
After a word of conversation from Mr. TIB-
BATTS and Mr. McKAY,
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order,
stating that, although this proposition, in conjunc-
tion with various others, had been decided out of
order, he did not feel authorized to reject it in a
separate and independent form.
Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN said this amend-
ment proposed to put a construction upon the law
which the law itself did not warrant, and which, if
they gave authority to the executive officers to
adopt, would involve a charge upon the treasury
as effectually as if done by a new provision of law.
If gentlemen believed the construction now put
upon the law to be incorrect, they had their rem-
edy by appeal to the proper judicial tribunal. He
objected to the reception of the amendment, not
upon its merits, (which question was not now in-
volved,) but as being out of order under the rule
prohibiting appropriations not authorized by law
from being included in the regular appropriation
bills.
After some further conversation by Mr. BOYD,
Mr. CHAPMAN, and others, upon the point of
order,
Mr. CHAPMAN appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN restated his decision, that
the amendment was in order, inasmuch as it would
not create such a charge upon the treasury as falls
within the decision made by the Chair yesterday,
and sustained by the House.
The appeal was briefly discussed by Mr. TIB-
BATTS and Mr. HOPKINS.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken by tellers, who reported, yeas' 63 noes 5—
no quorum voting.
The committee then rose, and the Chairman re-
ported that fact to the House.-
A motion to adjourn was made and withdrawn.
Mr. McKAY moved a call of the House.
The motion to adjourn was renewed, and the
yeas and nays having been asked and ordered,
were taken, and was decided in the negative; yeas
34, nays 122.
A quorum now voted.
Mr HOUSTON inquired of the Speaker if it
was now in order to make a motion. He wished
to move a resolution to terminate the debate upon
this bill at three o'clock to day.
The SPEAKER said he was under the impres-
sion that no motion could be entertained. The
committee having risen for want of a quorum, and
a quorum now having been found present, it had
been the practice of the House for the committee
immediately to resume its session. The gentleman
would accomplish his object by a motion after the
House had again gone into committee, that the
committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN resumed his seat in commit-
tee.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the committee now
rise, with the view of offering the resolution which
he had indicated for the termination of the debate.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative—ayes 67, noes 39.
But no quorum voted.
Mr. McKAY moved that the committee rise, in
order (he said) that a call of the House might be
had; and the country might see who the absentees
were.
After much desultory conversation, the commit-
tee rose, and the Chairman reported the fact that
the committee had found itself without a quorum.
Mr. STEPHENS moved that the House adjourn.
