1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 13, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER, by consent, laid before the
House the following letter from the Clerk, in an-
swer to the resolution introduced yesterday by
Mr. Stephens :
" Office House of Representatives,
"■February 14, 1846.
" Sir : In answer to the resolution adopted yes-
terday by the House in the following words :
" ' Resolved, That the Clerk of this House report
' the reasons or cause of the delay in delivering the
' remainder of the copies of Captain Fremont's re-
' port, which were ordered to be printed by the
' House at the last session of Congress, for the use
' of the members thereof,'
" The Clerk has the honor to state, that, in
compliance with the resolution of the last House
of Representatives, of February 25,1845, directing
the printing of the report of Brevet Captain Fre-
mont, the manuscript'was furnished to theprinters
of that Housp-sS fast as the report was written by
Captam -Prtmont, and was all printed sometime in
, the month of April, 1845.
" Captain Fremont made the contracts for the
engraving of all the plates attached to the report of
his second expedition, and the large map, much
extended, attached to the report of his first expe-
dition, a portion of which were to be furnished by
Mr. Endicott, of the city of New. York, and the
remainder by Edward Weber & Co., of Baltimore.
These contracts were made by Captain Fremont
without any consultation with the Clerk.
" For the six small engravings attached to the
first report, the undersigned contracted with Mr.
David Haas, of this city, after advertising for pro-
posals; he being the lowest bidder.
" Mr. Haas and Mr. Endicott have furnished all
the work contracted for by them, but, in conse-
quence of the large size of the map in the hands
of Messrs. Weber & Co., they have been unable,
up to this time, to furnish more tKKji about 1,500
copies of complete sets of the engravings which
they contracted to furnish.
" Upon a consultation with Mr. E. "^Teber, one
of that firm, a few weeks since, he informed me
that it would be out of his power to supply the en-
tire 10,000 sets of engravings for which he con-
tracted before May or June next.
"As often as 1,000 sets are completed, the
Messrs. Weber send 500 to the Secretary of the
Senate, and 500 to the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
" About two weeks since 500 sets came to this
office, and were immediately sent to the binders of
the House for the 98th Congress.
" In reply to an application to the binders yes-,
terday, for the reasons why the 500 copies, for
which these plates were sent, had not been fur-
nished, I received a note from John C. Rives,
esq., this morning, informing me that the sets of
plates received were all imperfect.
" I have notified the Messrs. Weber of the fact,
and presume the defect will be supplied in a few
ra'
While upon the subject of engraving, the un-
dersigned will take the liberty, most respectfully,
to suggest to the House, that the rale adopted du-
ring the last Congress, and now one of the stand-
ing rules of this House, relative to engraving, has
operated to delay the delivery of public documents
very much. And the Executive documents of the
last session, that would have been ready for deliv-
ery months ago, are still in the hands of the bind-
ers, where they have been, and are still, delayed
for the engravings, contracted for by the Commit-
tee of Engravings of the last session.
" Verv respectfully, your obedient servant,
7 P * il B. B. FRENCH,
u Clerk of House of lleps.
i'To the Hon. John W. Davis,
"Speaker of the House of Representatives.'
The letter having been read,
Mr. STEPHENS moved that it be laid on the
table and printed. Ordered accordingly.
And Mr. S. gave notice that he would hereafter
introduce a resolution rescinding the rule of the
last session in relation to engraving.
Mr. BOWLIN, on leave, and m pursuance of
previous notice, asked, obtained leave, and intro-
duced a joint resolution giving the assent of Con-
gress to the disposition of the 500,000-acre grant
of land to Missouri for the support of free public
schools, as provided in her constitution, made in
convention A. D. 1845; which resolution was read
twice, and committed.
Mr. BOYD rose to a privileged question. He
moved to reconsider the vote of yesterday on the
motion of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] submitted under instructions from the
Committee of Ways and Means, by which that
committee had been discharged from the consider-
ation of the resolution of the House of the 9th ul-
timo, relative to an appropriation for a marine hos-
pital at Paducah, in Kentucky.
In supporting this motion, Mr. B. said that at
an early period of the session, the following reso-
lution had been adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee of "Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the propriety
of making an appropriation to build a marine hos-
pital on the site purchased by the Government for
that purpose at Paducah, Kentucky.
Yesterday (Mr. B. continued) the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] under the order
of the committee, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject, and it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce. The rea-
son why I have moved the reconsideration will
strike the mind of every member with force. This
is no new proposition. In 1837, a law of Congress
was passed, authorizing the President to cause to
be selected on the western waters a number of
sites, (five, I believe,) for the purpose of building
marine hospitals. The selection was made. The
commission reported. The report was accepted;
and a law was passed, authorizing the purchase of
these sites, and among them this one at Paducah.
The sites were purchased and paid for, and now
the titles are complete. At the last session, a law
was passed providing for the building of hospitals
upon these sites, omitting Paducah, because the
title to that site was then incomplete. But as the
title was now complete, as shown by a letter from
the Secretary of War, 1 propose that this matter
shall be referred back to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and that they*reportsuitable provision
for building the hospital there. The propriety of
the motion will be see.n by the committee itself;
and the House must perceive at once that this can-
not be regarded as a new proposition.
The question was then taken on the motion to
reconsider; and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the vote was reconsidered. 
' Mr. BOYD then read a clausdflMhtid in the civil
and diplomatic appropriation biTT^ containing an
appropriation for the erection of other marine hos-
pitals.
The SPEAKER said the resolution would be re-
ferred back to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. McKAY was understood to inquire of Mr.
Boyd whether he designed to instruct the commit-
tee?
Mr. BOYD said such had been his intention, but
he would waive it; [thus leaving the committee to
inquire into the expediency of the appropriation.]
Mr. GEO. S. HOUSTON was understood to
suggest that the vote having been reconsidered, the
resolution was now before the House for additional
action.
The SPEAKER said the report made yesterday
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,]
from the Committee of Ways and Means, was a
double report. It proposed, first, that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means should be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject, and,
secondly, that it should be leferred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.. Both these motions had
been reconsidered; and the resolution, therefore, in
the opinion of the Chair, went back to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. G-. S. flOUSTON said he had no disposi-
tion—nor had the committee any disposition—to
evade action on this subject. They had thought,
however, that this was not in the same condition
as the other works provided for in the bill; and
therefore they had brought it back to the House.
The resolution, without further discussion, was
referred back to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. COCKE asked leave to introduce a bill of
which he had heretofore given notice, and which
he had been endeavoring for some five days past
to present.
Objection was made.
Mr. BRODHEAD asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion having relation (the reporter thinks) to the
Committee on Rules; but some objection being
made, the resolution was not read, nor its introduc-
tion at this time pressed.'
The SPEAKER proceeded to call for reports
from committees.
Mr. LAWRENCE, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported bills of the following titles,
viz:
A bill for the relief of the owner and crew of the
schooner Dove;
A bill for the relief of the owners of the schooner
James Henry;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Holmes and others,
of the schooner Industry;
A bill for the relief of Joshua Knowles, jr., and
other owners of the schooner Garrett;
A bill for the relief of the owner and crew of
the schooner Lucy Ann;
A bill for the relief of Levi Eldridge, and other
owneis of the schooncr Harriet;
A bill for the relief of Barnabas Baker, and
others, of the schooner Union;
A bill for the relief of the owners of the schooner
Two Brothers; accompanied by a report in each
case; which bills were read twice, and committed.
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be discharged from the consideration of the
petition of citizens of Montgomery county, Ohio,
for a law authorizing the puolic lands to be laid out
into farms for the free use of citizens not possessed
of other lands, and that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. T. SMITH, by leave, presented a resolution
of the Legislatuie of the State of Indiana on the
subject of the Oregon boundary; which was appro-
priately disposed of.
Mr. YANCEY, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made a report upon the petition of
Ann Hackett, and other heirs of Thomas Kelly, ac-
companied by a bill for their relief; which bill was
read twice, and committed.
On motion of Mr. NIVEN,
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be discharged from the consideration of the memo-
rials for harbors at Reedy island and Bomba hook,
in the Delaware river, and that they be refcired to
the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. STANTON,
Oi'dered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be discharged from the consideration of the petition
of John Mason, of Virginia, and that it be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. WICK, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an adverse report upon the pe-
tition of Graham R. Lincecum; which report was
laid upon the table.
The bill from the Senate entitled " An act to au-
i thorize the Secretary of the Treasury to make an
' arrangement or compromise with Mangle M.
' duackcnboss and his co-obligors, or any of them,
( for claims on bonds given by them as sureties to
(the United States," was read twic, and referred
to the committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOSTER asked leave to introduce a resolu-
tion.
Objection was made.
Mr. CROZIER moved that the rules of the
House be suspended for the purpose of calling the
States for resolutions, and of allowing the intro-
duction of bills of which notice had been given.
Mr. McKAY inquired of the Speaker whether
resolutions would not be in order on Monday
next?
The SPEAKER assented.
The House did not pass to that order of busi-
ness.
Mr. DANIEL, (chairman of the Committee of
Claims,) in pursuance of the notice he had yester-
day given, rose and said, that with a view to test
the sense of the House whether it was willing to
proceed to the consideration of bills on the private
calendar, he would move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole, for the purpose
of taking up that calendar.
The motion having been agreed to,
The SPEAKER invited Mr. Winthrop to the
chair, who, having excused himself on the ground
of indisposition from severe cold,
The SPEAKER issued his card to
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL, who accepted
the invitation.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
