368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14.
the Whole, (Mr. J. R. Ingersoll, of Pennsylva-
nia, in thft chair,) and proceeded (for the first time
since the meeting of the present Congress) to the
consideration of bills on the private calendar.
Mr. COBB inquired whether private bills were
debatable to-day?
The CHAIRMAN said they were debatable.
Mr. COBB said he was not aware, when he put
the question, whether or not this was one of the
days on which they were, by the rule, debatable.
The committee took up the calendar in its order.
The following: bills were read, and, without de-
bate, were laid aside to be reported to the House:
A bill for the relief of Joseph Kimball;
A bill for the relief of Scmmgton Buffenbarger.
The bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep- ]
resentatives of Captain Presley Thornton, deceased |
coming up, ' !
It was discussed by Messrs. CLARKE, D. P. I
KING, E. B. HOLMES, (in explanation,) COL- 1
LAMER, THOMASSON, ADAMS, CHIP- !
MAX, HUNTER, G. S. HOUSTON, LEWIS, j
(in explanation,) and GORDON. j
And some interruptions took place on a question 1
of order; which, however, led to no action.
Mr. BOYD moved that the bill be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do not
pass. i
After a brief conversation between Messrs. HOP- :
KINS, STEPHENS, and the CHAIRMAN,
The question was taken, (by tellers,) and the :
motion of Mr. BOYD was agreed to.
So the committee directed that the bill should ;
be reported to the House, with a recommendation j
that it do not pass. i
The commute then took up the bill for the relief j
of Elizabeth Jones, and the other children (if any)
of John Can*.
After a few remarks from Messrs. BRODHEAD,
McKAY, and LEAKE, (in explanation,)
Mr. HAMLIN moved that the committee rise,
(with a view to act in the House on the bills con-
sidered in committee-,) but
On a motion by Mr. McKAY, that the commit-
tee report the bill now under ^ consideration to
the House, with a recommendation that it do not
pass,
Mr. HAMLIN gave in to that motion.
And the question having been then taken on the
motion of Mr. McKAY, it was decided in the af-
firmative.
So the committee decided that the said bill be re-
ported to the House, with a recommendation that
it do not pass.
Whereupon the committee rose and reported its
action on the several bills to the House.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Kimball; and
The bill for the relief of Semmgton Buffenbarger,
having been ordered to a third reading now,
Were severally read a third time, and passed.
The House concurred with the Committee of
the Whole in its recommendation that
The bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Captain Presley Thornton, de-
ceased; and
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Jones, and
other children (if any) of John Carr,
Do not pass.
So the said bills were severally rejected.
And then,
The House adjourned.
western Missouri: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mi. E RDM AN : Two petitions praying the establish-
ment of a new pnst route fioni Pott-'town, Montgomery
county, to Cooper.-burc, Lehiirh county, Pa.
By Mr. DUNLAP: Tlie petition of the citizens of Cum-
berland county, m the State of Maine, praying for the estab-
lishment of a post route from Brittoojon Centre to South
Bridgeton. Also additional evidence in the case of Simeon
Ca&weH, piavmc for an invalid pension.
By Mr. PiCKLIN The petition of N.B. Stage and other
eitizens of Ednar eountj'. Illinois, praying that a section of
land be granted lor the use of schools in lieu of llie six-
teenth scetion in township number fifteen, north of range
twelve west.
By Mr. B. MARTIN: The petition of Walker, Kinkle, &
Cai utheis. referred to the Committee on the Po t Offiec and
Post Road*.
By Mr. FARAN: The petition and accompanying papeis
of the heir- of Captain Huddv, who was hung by tne Brit-
ish duiins the wat of the Revolution, praying for aid: re-
feired to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. JAMES II. JOHNSON The petition of Sally
Hart, for the allowance of a pension for services performed
by her husband, Frederick A. Hart, m the war of the Revo-
lution.
By Mr. IIAKMANSON: The petition of James G. Car-
son," ic.-pectmg a pio-emphon chum to land m the south-
western land distact: rclened to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
By Mr. W HUNT : The petition of Caleb Marsh and 45
citizens of Lnckpoit, New York, in favor of «eith g na-
tional disputes by a congress of nations or other peaceful
mode.
By Mr. FARAN : The petition and accompanying papers
of Dennis Pui^el. praying for compensation toi the los^ oi a
keel boat during the revolutiona y war: which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. The memorial
of •' the Protectant Umvei-itv of the United States," praying
for a grant o; land for the endowment of said university:
which was refeired to the Committee on Public Lands. The
petition of John Hud-on, prajmg for arrears of pen-ion, in
consideration of revolutiomuy services: which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. The petition
of Mrs. M. B. Stall, praying lor pension on account of ser-
vices of her deceased hu-bind riming the late war; which
was referred to the Committee on Pennons.
By Mr. PUELPS: The petition of George Alexander and
A Cornwall, ofMissoui i, praying to be allowed a pre-emption
to a tract of land in said Suit •, upon which they have a mill
erected referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. SAWYER : The petition from citizens of Henry,
Wood, Paulding, Putnam, and Hancock counties,in the State
of Ohio, for a mail route from Ottawa, in Putnam county,
to WaterviHe, Lucas county: referred to the Committee ou
the Pos.t Office and Postitoads. The petition from citizens
of Indi arm, praying a naval depdt at Toledo, Ohio; referred
to the Committee on Naval Afiairs.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following Petitions and Memorials were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. CULLOM: The petition of sundry citizen? of
Jackson couuty, Tennessee, piaying for the establishment
of a post route from Double Springs to Smithvilic, m the
State ot Tennessee.
By Mr CATHCART The memorial of citizens of \\ a-
bash, Kosciusko, and Whitley counties, Indiana, piaying
the conduction of a national road to Oregon.
By Mr. FAltAN : The petition of members of the Cmein-
nati'lui, piayins; for the establishment, in the State of Ohio,
of two judicial districts for the circuit and district couits of
the United States: refeirrd to the Committee on the Judi-
cial y. Also, tile petition of merchant* of Cincinnati, pray-
lag for the establishment, in the State of Ohio, ot t'.vo
judicial districts for the circuit and distiict couits of the
United States: refened to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, tlie petition of the Western Settlement Society, in
refeience to certain mineral lands in Clayton county, 111 the
Territory of Iowa, referred to the Committee 011 Public
Lands.
By Mr. L. H. SIMS: The petition from the people of
BpimaSeld antt vicinity, twfclngtfot uSatt finalities ia south-
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 14, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER, announced that the first busi-
ness in order HHnd be the call of committees for
reports.
Mr. STEPHENS, on leave given,presented the !t
resolutions of the General Assembly of the State of ;
Georgia, in relation to the publication of the decis- ;
ions of the Supreme Court of the United States; ;
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ,
ordered to be printed. j
Mr. S. also presented resolutions on the subject !
of the judicial districts of the State of Georgia: re-
ferred to the Conjjnitee on the Judiciary, and order-
ed to be printed.
OREGON.
Mr. OWEN, on leave given, introduced the fol-
lowing resolution from the State of Indiana; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
A JOINT RESOLUTION" on the subject of the Oregon
boundary.
Whereas the liberal propo itions repeatedly made by the
Government of the United States to settle the Oregon bound
ary que lion, have manifest d an earnest desne ori their
part to preseive peace and avoid war; and whereas Presl.
(lent Polk, actuated by the same motive- of liberality, has
lenewed the proposition to grant the iintisli Government all
of the said teuitory noith 01 the loitv math degree of north
latitude, which has again been rejteted by the British Min-
ister at Washington, thereby cleaiiy showing a determina-
tion 011 the p.ut of tne Butlsb Government not to negotiate
or compromise upon terms that would he ju t and honosa-
ble to the people oi the Unted Slate? : Therefore,
Sec. 1. Bi It resolved Ixj the General Jissernbly of the Stilte
of Indiana, That we heartily re-pond to the sentiments con-
tained in tlic late message of tie Chief Magistrate oi this
nation hi relation to the territory of Oregon, and the Ameri-
can citizens therein, and tu.it Ins prompt withdrawal of all
piopo-sitiooo fu.ther to negotiate, under the circumstances,
meats the appiobation ol'tile people oi'tnis State.
Sec. '2. -iii'l be it fuither resolved, That, in the opinion of
this General A;-emblj, the United States have the best right
to the whole of Oregon.
Sec. 3. .M be it further resolved, That our Senators are
therefore uistiucted, and out Il-'presentatives in Congress
requested, to oppose' .my compi omise whereby we shall lo5e
a single iuoi ot tne American territory.
Sec. 4. It is fmther resolved, That the Secretary of State
be, and lis is tifereby, digested to forward a copy of tins joint
resolution to each of our Senators and Representatives in
Congress. JOHN S. SIMONSON,
Speaker of the Home of Representatives.
J. G. READ,
Presideni of the Senate, .
Approved, January 20,1846. ,
JAMES WHITCOMB.
Mr. COCKE, in pursuance of previous notice,
aslced and obtained leave to introduce a bill to pay
Captain John B. Crozier's company of mounted
volunteer Tennessee militia; which bill was read
twice and committed.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH asked leave to intro-
duce a resolution, accompanied with the proceed-
ings of a public meeting held at Springfield, in the
State of Illinois.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved tliat the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. R. SMITH sent to the Clerk's table the
following resolution; which was read for informa-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
porting a joint resolution directing the President
of the United States to negotiate with Spain, for
the purchase of the Island of Cuba upon the prin-
ciples recommended in the proceedings of a public
meeting of the citizens of Illinois herewith pre-
sented.
Numerous objections having been made.
The resolution was not received.
On motion of Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON,
the House again resolved itself iff Committee^ of
the Whole, (Mr. Davis , of Kentucky, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of bills on the pri-
vate calendar.
The bill for the relief of Thompson Hutchinson
coming up,
Mr. I1UNGERFORD moved feat it be laid
aside, to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
After a few words from Mes rt. BRODHEAD,
(RATHBUN, in inquiry,) MeKAY, and YAN-
CEY,
The motion S'as agreed to.
The bill for the reGef of James Davidson, of the
county of Fentress, ia the State of Tennessee,
coming up„
The bilt aras discussed briefly by Messrs'. GRO-
VER, COCKE, McKAY, CTjLlOM, DAR-
RAGH, P. KING, RATHBUN, GORDON,
HARPER, ST. JOHN, CLARKE, and Me-
DOWELL;
And was then laid aside to be reported to the
House.
The next bill on the calendar was the bill (a
very old acquaintance) to provide for the payment
1 of the passage of General Lafayette from France
| to the united States, in the year 1824.
] A motion was made by Mr. DIXON that it be
informally laid aside, the g entleman who reported
it (Mr. John A. Rockwell) not being at the mo-
ment in his seat.
The motion, after some conversation, was ob-
jected to, and requiring unanimous consent, was
not agreed to.
On motion of Mr. TIBBATTS, the considera-
tion of the bill was postponed.
And it takes its place at the foot of the calendar;
The bill for the relief of George D, Spencer
coming up,
A few remarks followed from Messrs. RATH-
BUN, LIGON, HUNGERFORD, and THOMAS
SMLTH.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House.
The bill for the relief of John Anderson, of
Missouri, was taken up, and, without debate, was
ordered to be reported to the House.
The bill for the relief of Ciiarles M. Gibson
coming up—
After a few remarks from Messrs. HUNGER-
FORD, DANIEL, and GROVER, it was laid aside
to be reported to the House.
The bill for the relief of the securities of Elijah
J. Weed, late quartermaster of marines, deceased,
was laid aside informally, on the suggestion of Mr*.
DANIEL, because the gentleman who reported
it (Mr. Pollock) was not at tlie moment in his
seat.
The bill for the relief of Lyon & Howard coming
up—
After some remarks from Messrs. S. ADAMS,
GOR DON. BOYD, (in inquiry ,)McCLE£AAND,
and WENTWORTH,
