1646.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
decapitation of Louis XVI. Spain weak, en-
feebled Spain—finding that it -was utterly impos-
sible for her to bear up against the colossal power
of England j agreed to come to terms. What were
these terms? What were the terms upon which
England now rests her claims to the right of sov-
ereignty over this great empire in the west? The
Spanish minister, Nunez, makes his declaration
before all Europe, asserting that the right of sov-
ereignty is in Spain, and. in Spain alone. Every
letter which .passed between Nunez and Mr. Fitz-
herbert contains an expression of the same bold
language; and, at the very moment of signing the
treaty, with the mailed hand of England°out-
stretehed over her, the Spanish ambassador de-
. Clares that Spain yields not one tittle of the right
of sovereignty over the soil. Does England gain
any title by that? At that time, Mr. Fitzherbert
makes no assertion of title on the part of England
not one word. Oh! what a picture would the
secret history of that treaty present of the diplo-
macy of England! I do not cast discredit on her
tor the acts of her statesmen. I rather give them
credit for that far-seeing sagacity which could an-
ticipate so many years—more than half a century
since—the immense importance which this coun-
d®8tlne<1 to attain in the scale of nations.
Will the Senate allow me to read a single para-
graph from the communication of Nunez? Here
it is:
" 1st. That by the treaties, demarcations, ta-
' kings of possession, and the most decided acts of
' sovereignty exercised by the Spaniards in these
stations, from the reign of Charles II, and author-
izeu by chat monarch, in 1692, the original vouch-
4 ers for which shall he brought forward in the
4 course of the negotiation, all the coast to the
4 north of the western America, on the side of the
South sea, as far as beyond what is called Prince
4William's sound, which is in the 61st degree, is
4 acknowledged to belong exclusively to Spain.7'
" 3d. That the state of the possessions and ex-
' elusive commerce on the seacoast of the southern
4 ocean, as it existed in the time of Charles II, had
been acknowledged and defined anew by all the
* nations of Europe, and more particularly by Eng-
4 land, in the eighth article of the treaty of Utrecht.3'
In all the subsequent communications of the
Spanish minister to the French, and in all the cor-
respondence of Spain with England up to the hour
of signing the Nootka Sound convention, the same
language is in substance held on the part of Spain,
claiming up to 61°; and England never denied it.
That convention gave specified privileges to Eng-
land. What were they ? 1 will state them in sub-
stance. The right to land upon such portions of
the coast as were not occupied by Spain, or at in-
termediate points where the occupancy was distant,
for the purpose of trading with the natives and
holding intercourse; for the purpose of repairing
damages to their vessels; and these secondary,
these permissive rights, are all that were conceded
by that convention. And yet England has the ef-
frontery at this day to say that that convention
gave-her the right to make settlements—permanent
settlements—and seize upon the country occupied
by Spain. England, immediately after the signing
of this convention, fitted out, under Vancouver, a
few ships, to proceed, as his orders and his acts
prove, and take possession of Nootka Sound.
Well, now, what occurred in that voyage? If
Spain had agreed by this convention to deliver to
England the port of Nootka Sound, and Vancouver
was despatched for the purpose of receiving it, as
a matter of course would not these intentions have
been accomplished, if such had been understood
by the parties as the object of the convention?
But what is the fact? Vancouver reached Nootka
Sound. Did he make a demand? None that I
ever heard of. If so, it was not complied with;
for, so far from delivering to him possession of
Nootka Sound, which is between 49\ an(^ 50, the
Spanish commandant refused to allow him to pro-
ceed by the Gulf, or through Clueen Charlotte's
island, or around the island of Vancouver, until he
could get vessels ready to accompany him, and he
did accompany him.
Spain held possession—undisputed possession—
undisturbed possession, from this period till 1795,
when she voluntarily abandoned it for the best of
all earthly reasons, because the difficulties of Eu- i
rope then had already begun to disturb her, and 1
were such as to prevent the possibility of her taking
care of such a remote possession. Did England
come in then? Certainly not—certainly not. No
Senator—no gentleman can show that between 42°
and 54° 40' England ever made a settlement or es-
tablished her title to a single inch of ground until
it had been previously owned and occupied by
others. But whenever it suits her purposes, she
requires something in addition to mere discovery
to perfect title. Meares—who was the origin of
this difficulty at Nootka Sound—in a memorial
made to to his own Government, and proved by
impartial witnesses to be false, alleges that he had
purchased land of a native chief—Maquinna—on
Vancouver's Island, and had thus acquired the
right to build, and occupy, and possess. An Amer-
ican navigator, Captain Gray, and another Ameri-
can captain, were at that point when the difficulty
occurred, and most emphatically state that the chief
denied that he had ever given the right to Meares,
or to any other Englishman, to make settlements
there, nor had ever, for one foot of land, submitted
to their claims. On the contrary, at the period of
this difficulty, the native chief took part with the
Spaniards; and this, even under the English con-
struction of that which is necessary to make a title
of discovery perfect, gives Spain a perfcct title; for
when the act, of discovery is accompanied by the
consent of the natives, it constitutes, according to
that construction, a perfect title. So much for the
claim of England to this portion of the disputed
territory. But in addition to this, let me refer to
the construction of this Nootka Sound convention
by British statesmen at the time—a most import-
ant point, inasmuch us the British Minister now
resident here, in his late correspondence, rewts al-
most exclusively on that convention for the title of
his Government. I will, then, read an extract from
the speech of Mr. Fox on the Nootka Sound con-
vention, and from which it is tolerably clear that
he held a somewhat different doctrine from that
maintained in certain quarters now-a-days:
" We had given up all right to settle, except for
' temporary purposes, to the south of the Spanish
4 settlements, or in the intervals between them
* where thev happened to be distant."—Par. Hist,
vol. 28, p. 995.
Again:
44 Honor to nations was perhaps the only justifi-
4 able or rational ground of contest." "Wars, for
'the sake of conquest, of acquiring dominion, or
( extending trade, wei;e equally unjust and impoli-
' tic. He who vindicated the honor of a country
4 was the advocate of its dearest interests, because
4 to vindicate its honor was to secure its pcace."—
pp. 986-7. V
Asrain;
44 Were he, however, to admit that it was a tract
4 of country from which we were likely to reap no
4 advantage, and in which we should probably
4 never form a settlement, in bestowing a boon, the
4 value to him that received was as much to be con-
c sidered as the worth to him that gave."—p. 993.
I will now state in substance what Mr. Pitt said
in reply:
"Mr. Pitt's remarks were directed especially to
4 the emphatic declaration of the latter, that the
4 treaty itself4 was a treaty of concessions, and not
4 of acquisitions.' His whole reply, in substance,
4 was the admission, in so many words, that Eng-
4 land 4 had gained no new rights, but that she had
4 gained new advantages/ and that new advantage
4 consisted simply in the acknowledgment by Spain
4 of the right4 of England to carry on fisheries in
4 the Pacific ocean, and to trade on the coasts of
4 any part of it northwest of America.' "
This is Mr. Pitt's own language, that the s< new
advantages" consisted in the acknowledgment by
Spain of the right to carry on fisheries in the Pa-
cific ocean, and to land on the coast. This is the
evidence of her title which England has to produce.
We stand to-day precisely in the shoes—if I may
so speak—of Spain in 1789. We stand in the po-
sition then occupied by that enfeebled and worn-
out monarchy, then m the hands of the most
imbecile king who probably ever dishonored a
throne. And shall we not do as much m the
maintenance of these rights of ours, thus acquired,
as Spain, controlled by such influences, was will-
ing to do ? Shall we surrender that for which she
was prepared to struggle? Shall we, with ener-
gies untrammelled, and, as I believe, never to be
trammelled, and possessed of all the means of as-
serting our rights, at all times and in all circum-
stances—shall we, thus endowed, shrink from that
position which Spain was willing to maintain at
the expense even of the outpouring of her best
blood?
I have thus presented a statement of our title
as derived from^Spain; and this brief statement
comprehends also a description of the title which
England has-put forth. But we have a title of
our own beyond that of Spain—the discovery of
the Columbia river by Captain Gray, of Boston.
That river has its source about the 53d parallel of
north latitude. We have the right acquired by
the discoveries and explorations of Lewis and
Clarke, which gives us as far as 49°—the point at
which the resolutions of the distinguished Senator
from South Carolina would fix the American
boundary. I ask, is there nothing due to the en-
terprise, the privations, and sufferings of that gal-
lant party, despatched by our Government to ex-
plore fand take possession of this territory ? Is
there nothing due to the privations they endured in
their journey to that country—picrcing the moun-
tains in a region^f eternal snow-—wintering with-
out house or hut, and feeding on horseflesh ? Is
there nothing due to the gallant efforts of these in-
defatigable men ? Is there nothing due to their
sufferings in the service of their Government?
Having given to Spain the title as I have stated
it, and the American title by discovery and explo-
ration—and a better title never existed—the first
occupancy and possession of a country—I proceed
to remark that England, or some persons for her,
has pretended to set up a title derived from the ex-
plorations of McKenzie alone. And what was
that? He professed to have discovered the Co-
lumbia river, when it was well known that he
struck the waters of the Tacoutchee Tessee, since
called Frazcr's river, and which is situated be-
tween fifty and fiftv-one 
Mr. CALHOUN. Between forty-nine and fifty.
Mr. HANNEGAN thanked the Senator for the
correction, and proceeded. I need not expose the
absurdity of an attempt to derive a title from the
discovery of a river emptying into a narrow chan-
nel, when the whole territory was already under
the control of another nation. To give the main-
land to one Power, and the adjacent island to
another was preposterous—just as well give Long
Island to one Power, and the shore of New York
and Connecticut to another—they lying almost in
the same juxtaposition.
I have 'been charged with assailing the Presi-
dent. The last resolution of the Senator from
South Carolina does so in terms. I said I had no
answer to make to that resolution, nor have I now.
But for the purpose of ascertaining who assailed
the President's position, and who does not, it may
not be improper to make reference to his own Mes-
sage delivered to this Congress. Surely he can
speak for himself better than the Senator from
South Carolina or myself. It will be observed
that the resolutions of the Senator from South
Carolina fix the 49th parallel of north latitude as
the limits of our possessions. Does the President
do so? He says:
44 When I came into office I found this to be the
4 state of the negotiation. Though entertaining the
4 settled conviction that the British pretensions of
4 title could not be maintained to any portion of
4 the Oregon territory upon any principle of public
4 law recognised by nations, yet, in deference to
4 what had been done by my predecessors, and es-
4 pecially in consideration that propositions of com-
4 promise had been thrice made," <fec.
Again:
4kThe proposition thus offered and rejected re-
4 peated the offer of the parallel of 49 degrees of
i north latitude, which had been made by two pre-
4 ceding Administrations, but without proposing
4 to surrender to Great Britain, as they had done,
' the free navigation of the Columbia river. The
4 right of any foreign Power to the free navigation
4 of any of our rivers, through the heart of our
4 country, was one which I was unwilling to con-
4 cede. It also embraced a provision to make free
4 to Great Britain any port or ports on the cape
4 of Cltiadra and Vancouver's Island, south of this
4 parallel. Had this been a new question, coming
4 under discussion for the first time, this proposition
4 would not have been made. The extraordinary
4 and wholly inadmissible demands of the British
4 Government, and the rejection of the proposition
4 made in deference alone to what had been done
4 by my predecessors, and the implied obligation
i which tiieir acts seemed to impose, afford satis-
