872
TH$ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
'-factory evidence that no compromise which the
' United States ought to accept can be effected.
' With this conviction, the proposition of compro-
4 mise which had been made and rejected, was, by
'my direction, subsequently withdrawn, and our
* title to the whole Oregon territory asserted, and,
' as is believed, maintained by irrefragable facts
* and arguments.
" The civilized world will see in these proceed-
' ings a spirit of liberal concession on the part of
i the United States; and this Government will be
4 relieved from all responsibility which may follow
i the failure to settle the controversy.
"All attempts at compromise having failed, it
1 becomes the duty of Congress to consider what
4 the maintenance of our just title to that territory.
' In adopting- measures for this purpose, care
8 should be taken that nothing- be done to violate
<the stipulations of the conventioi*of 1827, which
' is still m force."
Again:
44 At the end of the year's notice, should Con-
1 g-ress think it proper to make provision for giving:
4 that notice, we shall have reached a period when
4 the national rights in Oregon must cither be
4 abandoned or firmly maintained. That they
4 cannot be abandoned wnhout a sacrifice of both
4 national honor and interest, is too clear to admit
4 of doubt.
"Oregon is a part of the Korth American con-
tinent, to which, it is confidently affirmed, the
4 title of the United States is the best now m ex-
4 istence."
The proposition of 49°, he says distinctly to us,
was withdrawn, and the negotiations were brought
to a close; and he instructs the proper officers—-the
Secretary of State, (fee.—to maintain our full title
to the whole, and that fact he communicates m Ins
Message to the country. Which propositions
would seem to be ia accordancc with the Presi-
dents intention—with his views on the subject—
the proposition of the Senator from South Carolina
or mine ? Sir, it is evident that the proposition of
the Senator from South Carolina was intended to
produce but one effect—it goes for all the Presi-
dent has done that is in the grave, and it goes
against all that he has done that lives. It is in-
tended to bring him back to the proposition of the
49th degree—from his manly and patriotic declara-
tion of the American title—and to force upon Inm
the relinquishment of all the territory of Oregon
lying above 49°. 1 said, sir, that instead of meet-
ing the principles hud down m the resolutions,
those of the Senator from South Carolina are di-
rectly on evasion of the question before us. I pre-
sented the whole question; the Senator from South
Carolina, instead of replying to the propositions,
conies forward with some ingeniously drawn prop-
ositions of another sort. He does not therein
deny the title of this country to one foot of Oregon,
but (I will not say unfairly) most ingeniously and
artfully draws the inquiry from the main issue to
what lawyers would call an immaterial point.
But, for the purpose of information, not to prove
what no man here will venture to deny, T will, with
the Senate's permission, allude to the language of
one now here, whose powerfltl intellect penetrated
to the bottom of every subject he investigated; it
js the language of the great Senator from the Wost.
He maintains the view I have taken of our title to
the whole Oregon territory.
44 The fate of Maine has doubled the dangers of
4 the Columbia, and nearly placed us in a position
* to choose between WAR and INFAMY in rcla-
' tioa to that river."
And, sir, just succeeding this, the Senator from :
Missouri addresses the Senate in the following ;
emphatic language:
" Nootka is in latitude 50°—being four degrees
' north of the mouth of the Columbia; and to that
4 degree did Spam assert and maintain her title
4 against Great Britain in 1790. But that was not
4 the extent of her assertion of that right. Against
4 the British she asserted it to the whole exient of
*■ the coast; against the Russians, (the only real
4 claimants with ourselves in that quarter,) to lati
4 tude 55°. Thus, as deriving from Spain, our
4 title is good against England throughout the
4 coast; against Russia to latitude 55°. As deriv-
4 ing under discoveries and settlement, it is good
4 against all the world to the extent of the region
4 drained by the waters of the Columbia river.
4 We discovered the river from its mouth to its
4 source, took possession of it as our territory, and,
4 according to the laws of nations, have a clear and,
4 valid title to it."
Sir, I have been startled occasionally here by
expressions which I have heardfrom some of the
most distinguished and estimable members of this
body in relation to the territory of Oregon. I
heard a distinguished Senator a few days ago,
when under the excitement and warmth of de-
bate—but it was all the same, for it told on the
country—I heard the Senator speak sneeringly and
slightingly about 44 a wild piece of lahd at one of
the ends of the earth." Does he know what that
piece of land is? The statements of those who
have visited it say there is no finer region of the
earth; that it offers every inducement that can be
held out to man—to the bold and enterprising emi-
grants who seek a home. Why, sir, there is the
island of Vancouver, which in the month of April
was covered with a verdant soil to the depth of two
feet. There is found, as on both sides of the At-
lantic, between the parallels of 49 and 64, a natural
comb inn tion of deep harbors and bold coasts for the
protection of commercial and maritime interests.
It has abundance of timber of the finest kind for
building ships. It affords every facility for raising
up and supporting a great maritime people; and
over and above everything, with everything that
there is in the regions of the Atlantic, it has, be-
sides, the mild and moderate temperature of the
Pacific waters.
Mr. MAiSTGUM. Will the Senator allow me
to say one or two words? I understand the allu-
sion of the Senator to be to me.
Mr. HANNEG-AN. Yes.
Mr. MANGUM. I have taken occasion to ex-
press no opinion on the question m relation to what
might or mis;ht not be the value of that country. In
truth the opinions upon the subject are so conflict-
ing, that I ha\ e not been able to'form a satisfactory-
one. Some have represented it as a sterile coun-
try, -without water and rain. Otheis, again, among
whom is a member in the other House, says it is
so fertile as to be fit for the production of sugar
and cotton, even as far un as the 61st degree.
Ivfr. HANNEG AN. If it was good for the pro-
duction of sugar and cotton, it would not have en-
countered the opposition it has done; its possession
would have been at orice secured. Sir, if it is not
good for sugar or cotton. it is not destitute of rains;
for the Senator will find, if he takes the trouble of
reading the journal of Captain Fremont, he will
find it narrated there, that during the first winter
he passed there they were nearly drowned out.
But it is good for something better. It guards the
coast above 49°; it commands .Wiotka Sound and
the northern Pacific ocean. As I live, and as I shall
answer for it to my constituents, I would as soon
j give them every foot of the territory as Fuca Straits.
What would it be worth to give .them the inlet to
Puget Sound? It is but fifty miles from Nootka
sound, the best harbor on the Oregon coast. There,
in time of war, could rendezvous a naval force that
would hold in complete control the harbor of Pu-
get's Sound. You give two-fifths of Vancouver's
Island, and consequently the control and ownership
of Ciueen Charlotte's Sound and Gtilf of Georgia.
With the exception of these, there is not a harbor
there that would be worth the attention of any na-
tion, civilized or savage; not one that would furnish
shelter for a flotilla larger than Indian canoes. Sir,
objection to the assertion of our title is as old as the
Government itself. We first find it at the settle-
ment of Kentucky, seeking to confine this republic
to its then limits; and we find it, from time to time,
during the progressive settlement of the whole
West._ We find it in vehement opposition to the
acquisition of Louisiana and J<'loridu, and from the
last to the present moment, in charitable efforts to
repel the advances of Texas. But, sir, this last, !'
the present opposition, is more improper, more ma- :
lignaiit than any previous; for it invokes the aid,
the especial aid of British tyranny to blot our page
and hurl us from the high' throne of our destiny.
But, sir, those who are engaged in this object are
engaged in the woik of Sysiphus. Before I reply
to some remarks that fell from the distinguished
Senator from Delaware, allow me to read from a ,
speech of the Senator from jVIissouri a description !
of Oregon: and a more bold and graphic one never ',
was given inside these walls: ' , jj
"I do not dilate upon the value and extent of ■ '
' this great country, A word suffice? to. display .both,
' In extent, it is larger thai* the Atlantic portion of-
' the old thirteen United States; in climate, softer j
'in fertility, greater; in salubrity,superior; in po-
' sition, better, because fronting Asia, arid washed
' by a tranquil sea.. In all these particulars., the
' western slope of our continent is far more happy,
' than the eastern. In configuration, it is inexpres-
' sibly fine and grand—a, vast oblong square, with
' natural boundaries, and a single gateway into the
' sea. The snow-capped Rocky mountains enclose
' it to the east, an iron-bound coast on the west, a
' frozen desert on the north, and sandy plains on
' the south. All its rivers, rising on the segment
' of a vast circumference, run to meet each other in
' the centre, and then flow together into the ocean
' through a gap in the mountain, where the heats
' of summer and the colds of winter are never felt,
' and where southern and northern diseases are
' equally unknown. This is the valley of the Co-
' lumbia—a country where every advantage is
' crowned by the advantages of position and con.-
' figuration: by the unity of all its parts—the,inac-
' cessibility of its borders—arid its single introgres-
' sion to the sea. Such a country is formed for
' union, wealth, and strength. It can have but one.
' capital, and that will be a Thebes; but one comr
' mercial emporium, and that will be aTyre, queen
1 of cities. Such a country can have but one peo-
' pie, one interest, one government; and that people.
' should be American, that interest ours, and. that
'government republican. Accursed and infamous
' be the man that divides or alienates it."
Sir, that is the language of the great Senator
from Missouri, and to every word of it I give a
hearty amen. There were portions of the remarks
which fell from the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
i Clayton,] on Thursday last, in which I find it
impossible to concur. He suggests,that the .quesj
tion of title should not be discussed in open ses-
sion, and intimates the propriety of the Senate
withholding an opinion on that subject until the
doors of this house be closed. 1 cannot concur in
anything of that kind. Thifs question has become
the property of the American,people. It is of late
"in every man's mouth. But one question concern- ®
ing it is asked by the great mass of the people, " is
it our own, is it our own i" It is .for us -to show-
it is; if so, five-sevenths of the Amerieaji people
would, with one accord, say "assert your title
and take it." With a question of such magnitude
to the American people before you, to sit with
closed doors, to conduct your deliberations in se-
cret, and give your judgment in darkness, would
be a melancholy sight for this country. I fear it
would be the prelude of scenes even more deplora-
ble ill this chamber. I should dread the entrance
into this chamber of some modern Caius Gracchus,
his heart swelling with the loss of freedom, and
tempted by such a compromitting of the national
rights to trample on the forms of legislation, and
disregarding the dignity of this august body, should
seize on the venerated person of our President, and
turn us all out of doors. Sir, is it possible any
question involving the territorial rights of this coun-
try cannot be discussed openly, or that there is any
who would not wish to make known to the public
the full merits of an intricate question like this?
If there be, I cannot concur w-ith them. Sir, there
was another point in the remarks of the distin-
guished Senator from Delaware, which formed a
theme on which he dwelt at length, and in which
I diu not concur. I believe both he and myself
are willing to put this country in the most effective
state of defence. I have, in all our conversations,
so understood him. He does not speak with a
forked tongue; but what I have heard of the mari-
time power of England held up here, I felt satisfied
it was for the purpose of acting on the fears of the
American people; but it is in vain to make such an -
exhibition with the intention of forcing them to a
surrender of what is their own. It is right and
proper to examine the force of Great Britain first;
but it is also right and proper not to underrate our
own. Sir, the American people cannot be alarmed
or awed by any exhibition of British power. * All
her fleets, though concentrated into one.mass,
would not strike terror into the American people;
because they have read that, sixty years ago, the
whole American navy consisted of one frigate; "and
that with that single frigate, J. Paul Jones crossed
the ocean, swept the English channel, ravaged her
coasts, and sacked her palaces, returning home in
triumph. They have not forgot the names of De-
