374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
Bloated and enervated China is a living witness of
that fact. Modern Italy still exhibits in her feeble
and imbecile empire the curse entailed upon her
thirteen or fourteen centuries ago. The ignoble
descendants of the most illustrious race the ancient
world ever saw exhibit in their every lineament
the effects of that awful calamity; whilst on the
other hand, consecrated still to this hour, Mara-
thon stands an eternal fame, bearing witness of the
heroic soul of the Greeks, who disdained at the
hands of invading millions to purchase peace.
Princeton, and Trenton,and Yorktown, bear the
same testimony to the force of that noble determi-
nation. Every part of this land is the enduring and
eternal monument of those who preferred resist-
ance to submission, and encountered all the perils
of a dreadful and unequal strife rather than pur-
chase an ignominious peace. Oh, it is said—"take
care of our commerce—let us traffic." Ay, "let
us traffic !" Alas ! that descendants of the he-
roic men of the Revolution could be heard expres-
sing willingness to buy peace with their country's
territory, and that priceless jewel, their country's
honor! Traffic! Ay, traffic, like the Jew who,
for thirty pieces of silver, sold his Saviour and his
God! Traffic on; but, for the love of heaven, traf-
fic not with the allegiance of your citizens, the herit-
age of your fathers, and the honor of your coun-
try ' Traffic not in the freedom of your brethren ! ;
Traffic as long as it seemeth good in your eyes; but I
bring not their birthright into the market! It was I
the noble language of'a famous British monarch: !
" I regard the legal liberty of the meanest and fee-
blest Briton as my own, and am as ready to defend
it." It was a kingly sentiment and added lustre to
his eroAvn. It is itself enough to consecrate his
memory. I cherish it, and would have the Senate
act upon it, and not seek to transfer the allegiance
of freeborn American citizens to a monarch's
throne. Where is the warrant in the Constitution
tor suih an act? The denial of my principle by
the Senator from South Carolina avows this prin-
ciple.
Why, sir, if this is allowed to the treaty-making
power, if they can transfer any portion of our ter-
ritory, and. the allegiance of American citizens iri
Oregon, what stands in their way to prevent them
from regulating our entire system of revenue from
imports by commercial treaties regulating import-
ations? It is in vain to say the Constitution re-
serves the right of laving taxes, &c.. to Congress,
it the same Constitution expressly refuses to Con-
gress the power of regulating the territory of the
country and public property. Where is their war-
rant for alienating a single foot of American soil ?
If this Government has the right of transferring
one-half of Oregon, it has just" the same right to 1
transfer the Territory of Iowa or Wisconsin, if '
Great Britain advances a claim to it; just the same !
right to surrender this District to Gr§at Britain, if ,
she comes forward with some antiquated and un- j
founded claim to it, just like that she makes to |
Oregon. I care not how far the principle is car-
ried, it is all the same if once established—as ap-
plicable to the transfer of Virginia as of Oregon.
B,ut it has no such power; and I trust in God it
will never be asserted by a majority in the Senate.
Who, sir, will say that any portion of our popula-
tion could be abandoned under a principle of this
kind ?—any part of the bone and sinew of their
country, as had been well said before ? Would
the Senator from North Carolina be willing to
transfer away the hardy pioneer who first pene-
trated the tangled forest, from the smoke of whose
cabin the Indian first was apprised of the approach
of the pale faces ? Shall we have no sympathy for
him because he is but the pioneer of freedom and
civilization? The Senator from North Carolina,
who spoke some days ago, must have known their
character; that, although far away the pioneer may
be, he has his domestic altar, where his God and
freedom are worshipped together. He has his
household gods, which he loves as truly as you
do yourselves. He has the names which his
mother taught him, when, a fair-haired-boy, he
held by her side; he repeats them daily from his
childhood, and first among them is the name of
Washington. Where is the man of iron heart,
who would break down this altar, transfer his al-
legiance to another Government, and change the
name of Washington upon his lips for that of the
English Queen?
I ask you, in conclusion, to visit, in imagina-
tion, the distant plains of Oregon, and there enter
the lowly habitation of the adventurous settler
who, in the remotest wildernesses of this Western
World, has erected an altar to God and liberty.
Behold him there, surrounded by all the endearing
influences of home and family; 'his cabin the hab-
itation of peace and contentment, where honorable
toil lays its head upon the pillow which industry
spreads with so soft and soothing a care for her
children. Behold him there, with all his warm
attachments to his beloved country; with all the
household affections which follow the good man
to the uttermost ends of the earth, ever leading
him whence they themselves came—heavenward.
And yet, sir, sooner than relinquish one foot of
that soil which rightfully is ours, I would see it
utterly laid waste and made desolate.
But I have no fears for Oregon—none. If the
voice of the American people could be heard, I
would be willing to lay aside all that has been done
here, and let the question go at once to them.
Submit to the people the question, " Oregon or no
Oregon ?  " 49° or 54° 40' ?" If they would not
go for 54° 40', I never would utter the name of
Oregon again. My fear is not of the people. My
fear is lest this question should be strangled here.
When the doors are closed, and there is no eye to
see what we do, I fear it may meet the fate of
Rich aid's nephews in the Tower. The land
where I was rocked and reared, and where I hope
to sleep my last sleep, with united voice speaks on
this subject as I speak. It forbids all compro-
mises.
; Our brethren in Oregon speak as I speak. I
| speak for my well-beloved State. She forbids all
| compromises by the surrender of a single foot of our
j territory. It is not the West alone that forbids it.
j History, speaking from the sepulchre of the saint-
! ed dead, forbids it. The shades of Washington,
of Adams, of Ilenry, and of their immortal com-
peers, forbid it. The still small voice of Camden
and Concord forbids it. The holy blood that fell
in torrents in the parched fields of Monmouth,
and Camden, and the Brandywine, forbids it. All
the spectral forms of the past, as they sweep
along in shadowy array, with mournful voices,
forbid it. The present forbids it. Seven-tenths
of the American people forbid it. The future,
crowded with mighty events and big with the for-
tunes of mankind, forbids it. By all the power
and glory of our country; in the name of the past,
in the name of the unborn millions whose proud
fortune it will be to direct the destinies of free
America—I protest here, in the face of Heaven and
all men, against any dismemberment of our territo-
ry—the surrender of our principle'—the sacrifice of
our honor! Here I take my stand on the side of our
national rights. Here I abide the issue, belt good
ore\il. Come weal or wo, come peace or war,
here I hope to stand. And let no man impugn
my motives. I have studied this question, not as
a party man—not in the spirit of faction. That
this question has wound itself around every fibre
of my heart, I frankly confess; but my judgment
has not, I trust, been blinded. One thing I know
and I repeat—my motives are pure; and to the
truth of that, if I know my own heart, I appeal,
in this august presence, to Him who searches the
hearts and tries the reins of the children of men;
and of my sincerity in all this matter, I trust to
be found ready, with devout and reverential awe,
to appeal to the omniscient Judge in that hour
when I shall breathe my last faint prayer for
mercy, and, as this is true, 0, God! let me be
heard and judged by Thee 1
When Mr. Haxnegan resumed his seat, on
motion of
Mr. COLQUITT, the Senate adjourned till to-
morrow at the usual hour.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 1G, 1846.
The Journal of Saturday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order would be the call of the States for
resolutions, commencing with the State of Maine.
Mr. J. A. BLACK asked leave to offer a reso-
lution.
Objection wok made.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the States
in their order for resolutions.
Mr. NORRIS offered the following resolution;
which was adopted ; *   
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into' the
expediency of allowing deputy postmasters, where
their annual compensation does not amount to
twenty-five dollars, to frank letters written by
themselves, and to receive letters and newspapers
free of postage, instead of the extra commissions
now authorized to be allowed them by law. Also,
to inquire into the expediency of taxing news-
papers, other than those sent by the publishers
to their regular .subscribers, at a rate of postage
higher than is now taxed; and also to allow such
publishers to send their papers to regular subscri-
bers out of the mail, as formerly practised.
Mr. D. P. KING offered the following resolu-
tion ; which was adopted :
Resolved, That the message of the Presidentof
the United States, communicated in 1849, in rela-
tion to the claims of our citizens on the Govern-
ment of Hayti for spoliations, be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, with instructions
to inquire into the propriety of demanding indem-
nity for the spoliations.
Mr. J. ROCKWELL gave notice that on to-
morrow, or some early day, he will ask leave to
introduce a bill to provide for a specific duty on
wool unmanufactured, the cost of which, at the
port or place whence imported, shall be seven
cents and under per pound.
. Mr. JAMES THOMPSON offered the follow-
ing resolution; which was adopted;
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of ma-
king an appropriation for the improvement of the
Alleghany river, between Pittsburg and Olean, in
New York; or, if a new survey of the same be
deemed necessary before improvements shall, be
authorized, that said committee be instructed to"
inquire into the expediency of authorizing such
survey; and that the petitions and memorials here-
tofore presented on that subject be referred to said
committee.
Mr. NIVEN, on leave, introduced the following
joint resolution:
A JOINT RESOLUTION to establish assimilated
rank for certain officers of the naval service.
Resolved iy the Senate-and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America m Congress as-
sembled, That the President of the United States is
authorized, and is hereby requested, to assign a
rank for the several grades of medical and other
officers of the civil branch of the navy, relatively
to officers of the military branch of the same ser-
vice, in the same degree as is established by regu-
lation in the army of the United States for medical
and other civil officers relatively to officers of the
line of the army: Provided, Such relative or assim-
ilated rank shall confer no authority to command
any vessel or station, or military officer, for mili-
tary or naval purposes: And provided also, Assimi-
lated rank can be established in the navy without
any expense whatever to the treasury of the Uni-
ted States.
Read twice, and committed.
Mr. WRIGHT offered the following resolution;
which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law the form by which the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury on commerce and navi-
gation shall be made up; and, also, that they in-
quire into the expediency of making provision for
such returns as will show the amount of the coast-
ing trade, and the internal commerce of the coun-
try.
Mr. CRANSTON, on leave given, introduced
certain joint resolutions of the Legislature of Rhode
Island, on the subject of the tariff: referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. G. DAVIS offered the following resolution,
on which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That the project of a bill to establish
the rates of duties on goods, wares, and merchan-
dise which may be imported into the United States,
lately submitted by the Secretary oT the Treasury
to the Committee of Ways and Means, be printed
for the use of this House, and that said committee
be, and they are hereby, Instructed to furnish the
Clerk of the House with a copy of the same, to be
printed.
Mr. RATHBUN moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
