1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
388
of Mississippi, and the other States following her,
had not yesterday been called' for resolutions in
consequence of the adjournment, moved that the
rales of the House be suspended in order to com-
plete the call. He thought it was only fair that the
States left uncalled yesterday should have an op-
portunity to present resolutions to-day.
The question was taken, and two-thirds voting
in the affirmative, the rules were suspended.
The SPEAKER announced that the pending
question in this order of business would be, the
demand for the previous question made yesterday
by the gentleman fromi Mississippi, [Mr. Thomp-
son,] on the following resolution:
Resolved, That in order to secure a more com-
plete and perfect report of the proceedings and de-
bates of Congress, the Clerk cause to be furnished
to the regular reporters of the daily papers in this
city in the House, n(5t to exceed three for each
paper, one copy of each and every of the docu-
ments printed by order of this House, with the ex-
ception of private bills.
Mr. RHETT inquired of the Chair whether the
resolution had not been objected to?
The SPEAKER said objection had been made,
but the previous question had been demanded.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON then withdrew the
demand for the previous question; and having mod-
ified his resolution to read as follows, renewed it:
Resolved, That the reporters of the public papers,
who have seats assigned them on the floor of the
House of Representatives by the Speaker, be fur-
nished with one copy each of such printed papers,
bills, and documents as are laid on the desks of the
members.
There was a second. And the main question
(on the adoption of the resolution) was drdered to
be now taken. •
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being ta-
ken, were yeas 113, nays 53.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON moved a reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which the following resolution
had yesterday been adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be instructed to inquire whether or not law-
office certificate, dated May, 1779, for $400 has
been paid or not; and if not, to report a bill for the
payment of the same to Dr. J. Gilpin, the present
owner.
After a few suggestions from Messrs. JOHN-
SON, FOSTER, CLARKE, (and BOYD, on a
point of order,) the vote was reconsidered.
And the resolution, (having undergone a slight
modification,) after an ineffectual motion that it be
laid on the table, was laid over for debate.
On motion of Mr. M. L. MARTIN,
jResolved, That the Committee on Territories in-
quire into the expediency of disaffirming and an-
nulling every act now in force in either the Terri-
tories of Iowa or Wisconsin, under which individ-
uals or companies claim to exercise banking priv-
ileges.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND,
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be, instructed to inquire into the propriety of ma-
king some provision for the payment of the claims
presented against the Pottawatomie, Ottowa, and
Chippewa Indians, and allowed by William B.
Mitchell, late commissioner on the part of the
United States.
Mr. R. SMITH offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
he instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
porting a joint- resolution, directing the President
of the United States to negotiate with Spain for
the purchase of the island of Cuba, upon the prin-
ciples recommended in the proceedings of a public
meeting of the citizens of Illinois, held at Spring-
field, the capital of said State; which proceedings
are herewith presented.
Which was laid over under the rule.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Ro3.ds arc hereby instructed to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a post-route
from Independence, in the State of Missouri, to
Santa FS; and also of establishing a post-route
from Independence to some point on the Columbia
river; and that said committee report by bill or j
otherwise, ' • i
Mr. FICKLIN offered the following resolution: I
Resolved, That the House bill making appropria-
tions in money for the Cumberland road for the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, be made the
special order 'of the day for the first Monday in
March next.
Which was laid over.
Mr. PAYNE offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be, and
he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay to
John Lee the same per diem pay that was allowed
and paid to him in the 27tli Congress, to com-
mence from the time it was discontinued, he having
performed the same duties.
Which was laid over.
Mr. SEAMAN, on leave, offered the following:
Resolved, That any member of the Committee of
Ways and Means having a copy of the bill for
raising revenue submitted by the Secretary of the
Treasury to said committee be authorized to cause
the same to be printed, or to make it public in any
manner he may think fit, provided it be not done
at the public expense.
Which was laid upon the tabic.
On motion of Mr. M. L. MARTIN,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War cause to be
transmitted to this House a copy of the report of
the survey of Green Bay, in the Territory of Wis-
consin, made by Captain Williams of the-topo-
graphical engineers, and that the same be printed.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH offered the follow-
ing:
Resolved, That, in the opinion of the House of
Representatives, it is desirable to form a postal
convention with Spain, and the President is re-
quested, if in his opinion consistent with the pub-
lic mteicst, to negotiate such a convention, if prac-
ticable, with all convenient despatch.
Which was laid over.
On motion of Mr. BOWLIN,
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed
to investigate the legality of the several contracts
now in force for furnishing the Post Office De-
portment with blanks, twine, &c.; and also to re-
port whether frauds have not been perpetrated in
the supply of bianks by different contractors.
Mr. M. L. MARTIN, on leave, presented a
memorial of (lie chiefs and sachems of the Indian
party of the Stockbridge Indians residing in Wis-
consin, relative to the act of 1842 for the relief of
the Stockbridge Indians, and for protection from
the operations of s.iid act; winch was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BAYLY, on leave, presented a memorial of
licensed pilots in the State of Virginia, praying a
repeal of the act of March, 1837; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. H ILLIARD,
Resolved, That the Committee on the. Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail-route for the
transportation of the. mail m coaches between the
city of Macon, in the State of Georgia, to Mobile,
via Eufaula, in the State of Alabama.
On motion of Mr. GENTRY, by leave,
Resolved, That the engmeer-in-chief of the topo-
graphical corps, Col. J. J. Abert, be, and he is
hereby, required to transmit to this House such
reports of surveys of the Tennessee river, as may
belong to his bureau, now in manuscript, and that
the'same be printed for the use of this House.
On motion of Mr. PRICE,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to furnish this House with the number
of claims which have been filed by Missouri volun-
teers in the Florida war for horses lost at sea, and
what number has been allowed and paid, designa-
ting the company in which they served; what num-
ber of claims have been filed for horses condcmndtl
and turned over to the Government, and what num-
ber have been allowed and paid. Also, the num-
ber of claims filed for difference in valuation, and
what number have been allowed and paid; what
number (if any) of each class do me return rolls
show to be entitled to claims whose claims have
not been presented for payment; how many claims
of every class have been filed which would be paid,
were it not that they are cut off by the act of the
3d of March last.
On motion of Mr. 7ELL,
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of paying
John Phagan for services rendered by him to the
United States, in assisting to remove the Seminole
Indians from Florida to the country assigned them
west of the Mississippi river.
Mr. BAYLY, on leave given, introduced the fol-
lowing resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to communicate to -this House how long
the sliip3 New York and St. Lawrence have been
upon the stocks, and how much it would cost to
launch each of said ships; and how many similar
ships have been built and launched- since the build-
ing of said ships were commenced, and when built.
On motion of Mr. R. CHAPMAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a post-route from Double Springs, Ala-
bama, to Montgomery, and another from Double
Springs to Elyton, Alabama.
Oil motion of Mr. CHIPMAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
inquire into the propriety of establishing a naval
depot at Grand River harbor, on lake Michigan.
Mr. McKAY called for the orders of the day.
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL, who was not in his
seat at the moment his State was called for resolu-
tions yesterday, asked leave at this time to offer a
resolution.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing Executive communication:
To the Senate and I-Iouse of Representatives:
1 herewith transmit a communication from the
Attorney General relating to a contract entered
into by him with Messrs. Little & Brown, for cer-
tain copies of their proposed edition of the laws
and treaties of the United States, in pursuance of
the joint resolution of the 3d of March, 1845.
JAMES K. POLK.
Ordered, That the snid message be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Bills from the Senate of the following titles, viz:
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of William D. Cheever, deceased;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of George Duval, a Cherokee Indian;
An act to repeal a part of the act entitled "An
act supplementary to the several laws for the sale
of the public lands,5' approved the 5th of April,
1832, and for other purposes; were taken up, read
twice, and committed.
The House passed to the regular orders of the
day.
When the House adjourned on Thursday last,
the bill under consideration was the bill making
appropriations for the payment of revolutionary
and other pensions.
And the state of the question was this:
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had reported the bill to the House with
the following amendments:
And be it f urlhcr ciiacted, That no widow claiming a pen-
( sion, whose husband was (hawing a pension at the time of
Ins decease, shall be lequired, in any such case, to furnish
anyfuithei evidence that said husband was entitled to a
pension; nor shall any evidence in any case lie required
to entitle the widow to a pension, when the evidence is in
the nrchives of the Government, other than such pioof as
would be sufficient to estabh&h the mauiuge between the
applicant and the deceased pensioner in civil ca-ses in a
court of justice : Provided, That upon a revision of the tes-
timony in the case of the deceased husband, the Commis-
sioner be satisfied that the pension was properly granted.
And be it further eniicted, That the fourth section of the
act entitled " An act making appiopriations for the civil and
I diplomatic expenses of the Government, for the fiscal year
5 ending 30th of June, 1846, and for other purpose?,5' shall
not be so construed as to apply to applications for pensions.
And the question was, " Will the House con-
cur in the said amendments, and order the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading ?"
On this question the previous question had been
demanded, and the pending; question, therefore,
was, " Will the House second the demand for the
previous question
After some conversation, Mr. GEORGE W.
JONES, at the request of Mr. McKAY, with-
drew the demand for the previous question.
- Mr. McKAY simply wished to call the atten-
tion of the House to the terms of the amendment
adopted by the Committee of'the Whole on the
state of the Union, and upon which the House
were now called to vote. It was much more com-
prehensive than he presumed gentlemen supposed
it to be, not having turned then- attention particu-
