884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17.
toy to it. This amendment proposed to alter
the rules of evidence upon which pensions are
granted; and he thought, if gentlemen would
particularly attend to the language of it, they
would see that the effect of it would be material-
ly to enlarge the pension laws. It was " that no
"widow claiming a pension, whose husband was
drawing a pension," &c. It was not "any widow
under the" existing law entitled to a pension," but
any widow who may present ail application for a
pension; and if the simple fact was established
that the husband's name is upon the rolls of the
Pension Office, then, by the very terms of the
amendment, the widow is entitled to a pension. He
believed that was not the object of the honorable
mover of the amendment; but if so,$nd if the House
concurred m the amendment, the effect of it would
be, to provide that every widow, by simply show-
ing that the name of her husband is upon the pen-
sion roll, and establishing the fact of her marriage j
by such proof as is required in the courts of jus- j
tice, would be entitled to have her application for
a pension admitted. And to show that he was
fortified in this construction of the amendment,
he would read what the Commissioner of Pen-
sions said, whose duty it would be to execute the
law.
Mr. McK. sent up to the Clerk, by whom it was
read, the followiug communication lrom the Cf-
ficer named:
"Pevsion Officc, February 13, 18i6.
"Sir: I herewith return the amendment to the appropri-
ation bill t'or paying revolntiormiy and othpi pensions.
" The fir^t '.entsnce, declaring{that no widow ol.iumn? a
pan-ion, whose hu-haiid w.h drawing a pension at the tune
of Iih decease, shall be required, in any sueli case, to fur-
nish any furthci evidence tlut &aid lm*>b.uid w.i-> cntitl d to
a p' >i<ion,' will oblige the department to place the widow
of a revobmonarv officer or soldier on tiie pension fist, with-
out our b:uiu able to (Ictmiimi", in many ca-.es, how loiur
tie hi-band serv-'d, o«* w-iefh' r he served lonq; enough to
b:in« hi* ca«e within the pmviMOiis or* the laws providing
for wid nv-s of levolutiouaiy ofiiceis and soldiers. Jin ilul
soliln'ho' the Revolution dr.iw jvri'ion*., in M>me case-,
who n-;vcr served one month. Tiisjv hi j. p:*nsii)mjd i'ot
wonad-i or otiier di-abilitns. There will be another ditfi
euitv in such cases We •-liall not know bow murli to trrani
the widow, the ponsion bcinz computed according to tiie
length of t' 10 service. But a still greater difficulty may an^e.
If that pirt of the amendment be literally constiued, all
widows \vho«e Im-'bamU may have been peiworied may
claim p{Mi<sion*. The -uccoedmg member of tiie <5«*ntenee
is hard to he understood, ftdnects us not to require any
evidence m any ca?e, <to entitle the widow to a pernioii,
when the evidence i-* in the archive* of the Government,
oth"r than «ucli proof a? would l>3 (sufficient to e*t.ibh-«h
the miin-i'ie between the applicant and the deeea-ed p.-n- ;!
sioner. in civil cases, m a couit of justice.' If a hreia! con- ,<
s-tnietion be jivn to these woid-; tnev direct u- not to in-
quire of a widow any evidence to Mk-tain her claim, il it be
ruieadv in anv of the public oiliees, except piool such
would bo sufficient to e-uMiMt the mani.tije hi-tv.veii tlic
applicant and the deceived pensioner in civil cases m a
court o''ju«tice. We never hav.p renmied ol a claimant to
futnii i anypioof tiiat was known to have been in any ot :
t so public o(>ice=s. The fi.i-t o< the sentence would thcie- ,!
foie seem to be unnece.^.uy. Tiie sceond pattofit ap|>".U's .
to be founded on the mi-apprehension of our rule* oi'evi- j
dunce. We do not reqtme anv prool' of the fact of mama<rc, J
■ nnre than acouit of justice would rleom necessary; but we i
tvqiuie reeoul proof, when it can be had, because it i* im- j
portant, m order to a duo e?:ecution of the revolutionaiy |
widows'pension law?, that the marriage should bo shown i
to have taken place at a particular peuod; and recoid evi- '
deuce, in such a case, is most to be relied on, and, in mo«t |
ci<e<,ii indivp^ii-, •})]" m older to a development of the facis j
necp?s.iry to be established i j
"The last section of the amendment is easily understood, !:
and I can discover no objection to it whatever. ! j
"I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient !;
servant, J. L. EDWARDS. !
"Hon. J. J. McKay, i
"Chairman Committee of TVays and Me<<ns, j
uHouse of Representativesi
Mr. G. DAVIS wished to inquire of the chair- j
man of the Committee of Ways and Means if the
Commissioner of Pensions had volunteered that jj
letter. ji
Mr. McKAY replied that he had written to him
to ask what would be his construction of the ■!
amendment in case it was passed. Pic (Mr. McK.) !■
had had the same views; but he thought it import- ;;
ant to ascertain, inasmuch os the Commissioner
would be called upon to execute the law, how he ||
understood it. r
The amendment was rather ambiguous in its
terms, and it was difficult to know what construc-
tion should be placed upon it. A literal construc-
tion woijld inevitably place upon the roll a great
many widows to whom it was not intended to ap-
ply. He presumed the amendment was intended
not to require very strict proof. Under the exist-
ing laws, no widow not married before 1794 was
entitled to a pension; but under this amendment,
if adopted, all widows of pensioners, whether revo-
lutionary pensioners or not, would be entitled to
pensions.
In regard to its provision that no other evidence
of marriage should be required than such as would
be sufficient to establish the marriage in courts of
justice, that was the law now. Did not the courts
of justice require record evidence if it could be
got? Surely, in all courts in the States the high-
est evidence was required. If there was no record
of the marriage, why then they were satisfied with
inferior evidence.
Mr. JONES, of Georgia, said, if gentlemen would
take the sccond section of the amendment, and com-
pare it witii the first section, they would see that
the object of the amendment was plain. Perhaps
a doufit might arise as ro the strict construction of
the first clause of the amendment, but (reading the
first and second clauses) he said that it was re-
quired that there should be sufficient evidence in
the department to show that the applicant was the
widow of a man who was drawing a pension, and
who was married prior to 1794.
But gentlemen were mistaken; and the Commis-
sioner did not state to the House what lie required
before furnishing a pension. There were many
geitlemen around him who stated that the Com-
missioner required other evidence. It was not the
law that record evidence was requned m courts of
justice, unless it be proved to the court that there is
record evidence. Record evidence was the higher
evidence; then the evidence of persons present at
the marriage; then evidence by reputation—to wit:
that the parties had been living together as man and
wife. But it was not incumbent on the ourt to re-
quire record evidence, unless such evidence was
first proved to exist. The difference between the
Commissioner and the courts was this: the Com-
missioner requires the party to prove that there is
no record evidence, while the courts did not require
record evidence, unless such evidence waspioved to
e\ist; and With the Commissioner the affidavit of
the party was not sufficient; the evidence of those
not interested must be brought; lie was therefore
presuming a fact winch the court does not presume.
Whenever onu party calls upon the opposite pai ty
to produce higher evidence, the court asks him,
" Is that higher evidence in existence ?" And when
this is shown, then it is that the party is required
to produce it.
One answer to all these objections was this : If
this is the law already practised upon by the depart-
ment, this amendment can do no hurt; and the Com-
missioner of Pensions and the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Wavs and Means cannot object to it. If
this was not the law practised upon, as they were
told, then the amendment was icquiied. So that
in either case it could do no luum.
Mr. HAMLIN soid thegentlcman from Georgia
had anticipated much of what he intended to say.
There were, however, one or two suggestions
which the gentleman did not make, which he trust-
ed he might be pardoned in mentioning to the
House.
- First, in reply to the chairman of the Committee '
of Ways and Means. If that gentleman's construc-
tion wascorrect, that the Commissioner of Pensions
might diaw fiom this amendment power and au- j
thority to place the names of certain widows mar- ;
ried subsequent, as well as prior to 1794, upon the !
pension list—if that was the proper construction of j
the amendment, he would vote for it for this simple \
reason. He would ask the chairman of the Com- I
mittee of "Ways and Means, by what reason that
arbitrary limitation as to the time of marriage was
fixed ? By what sort of charm they were to declare
that the widow of Ins ancestor married upon the
last day of the year 1793, was entitled to receive
the bounties of this Government, while a widow
married the first day of the succeeding year, was
entirely cut off, while the services of the second
husband may have been twice those of the first.
He did not entirely concur with tiie gentleman,
that that was the construction. If if. were, he would
vote for the amendment, if for no other reason.
Mr. McKAY (Mr. H. yielding for explanation)
said he had stated that this amendment, if a literal
construction were placed, upon it, would, in his
own opinion, as well as in the opinion of the Com-
missioner of Pensions, not only abolish what the
gentleman called the arbitrary rule of marriage pri-
or to 1794, but further, that its necessary conse-
quence would be, not only to remove that limitation,
but to place the widows of all officers and soldiers
of the last war, of all who were wounded, or had
become invalids, upon the pension roll. It was not
confined to revolutionary officers. Gentlemen
shook their heads; but,,was there anything in the
amendment which showed it was confined to rev-
olutionary officers or soldiers?__ Not a word..
Mr. HAMLIN, resuming, said he would not
himself admit that the construction of the gentle-
man from North Carolina, and of the Commission-
er of Pensions, was the true .and proper one; but
he repeated once more, if it was the true one, and if
it went to the precise extent now laid down by the
gentleman, he would vote for it. -
Let them examine and see what classes of per-
sons were entitled to pensions for services during
the last war? None other than those deprived of
their bodily health, or those who suffered loss of
limbs. And he did not know but he would vote
to extend to the widows of these a pension. He
thought he would. He did not, however, admit
that that was the proper construction which was
attempted to be placed upon it. He believed that
the main construction properly to be placed upon
it, and the consti uction intended by the honorable
gentleman who offered this amendment, was, that
when our Government has evidence within its ar-
chives, within its own possession, showing the
services of the husband, they should not call on
the wife by other evidence to show that he was en-
titled to a pension. The rule of construction adopt-
ed by the department was all wrong. We have
held out to the world that for certain services ren-
dered by the husband, we will bestow on his sur-
viving widow a pension; and yet, with the gene-
ios ty of the law spread out to the world, you hug
within your possession and keep within the se-
crets of your department the evidence that would
entitle these individuals to your bounty; no, not to
bounty, but to pay for their services. He believ-
ed that was the only construction intended by the
honorable mover of the amendment, and the only
one which could properly be placed upon it.
But he said once again, if the amendment was
as broad as gentlemen declare^ he would vote for
it; because it abolishes an arbitrary law, and be-
cause, if it did extend pensions to the widows of
those who served in the last war, it would then
only includc the widows of those who lost their
lives or health in the service., He would vote for
if, because it properly compelled the Government
to disgorge the evidence which it has within its
archives. He disliked to say to any class of the
community, that we will give a gratuity, or what
is justly due from us, and then to" say, we will not
let you have the benefit of that evidence which we
have in our own possession, and which would en-
title you to it. It was wrong m spirit, wrong in
substance, and wrong from beginning to end. If
our pension law is wrong, say so ; but do not say
to any class of our community, you will give them
that to winch they are entitled, and, at the same
time, lock up in eternal silence the evidence
which you have to show that they are entitled to
it. You would say of an individual that it was
| disingenuous, ungenerous, and mean to pursue
! such a course of action—to profess to be willing
' to give him compensation for services actually
rendered at the risk of life and health, and then
secretly to withhold the information which he had
in his possession to entitle the person thus render-
ing the service to his compensation. He hooed
the amendment would be adopted.
Mx. ADAMS obtained the floor, and (after a re-
mark from Mr. Chapman, of Alabama, as to the
purport of one clause of the letter read of the
Commissioner of Pensions) proceeded to say that
the Commissioner, in what had just been read by
the Clerk, said that he never required any proof
of widows when he knew that there was this proof
in the department. Now, the amendment of the
gentleman proposed that the widow shall not be
required to produce evidence when the evidence is
in the archives of the Government.
Mr. A. said that the latter was a more extensive
term than the former, and that there were many
papers—the papers of General Washington, form-
stance—which were in the archives of the Govern-
ment, which were not among the list of what was
technically said to be the papers of the regular de-
partment. He thought the object of the amend-
ment was, that all widows should have the benefit
of evidence in whatever form or manner it might
be m the possession of the Government, as much
so as if it were upon the regular records of the de-
