THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR Si RIYES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1846.
New Series....No. 25.
partment. He concurred entirely with the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin;] and he should
vote the more readily for the amendment in both
its parts if it had the effect to abolish entirely the
limitation of the time of marriage to prior to the 1st
of January, 1794. Why, what was there of reason
in this limitation ? Why was it that a woman, the
widow of a man who performed great services for
the nation—a man whom former Congresses, the
representatives of the nation, have thought worthy
of receiving a pension during his lifetime—should
be deprived entirely of that pension merely bccause
she happened to be married a few days perhaps
after a certain period? What was there in reason
or in nature that would require a limitation upon
the time of marriage? What was it to the public
or the nation whether the woman married on the
31st December, 1793, or the 1st January, 1794, or
any other time? She was the widow, the bosom
partner of the man during his life; and the time of
marriage is perfectly immaterial to the question of
the merit of his service. He, therefore, for years
past, had voted repeatedly in favor of all proposi-
tions in this House to sweep away that limitation
entirely. He thought it dishonorable to the nation
that such a limitation should exist; and there-
fore, if this amendment was susceptible of that con-
struction, it would be the more agreeable to him.
Again: this amendment consisted of two parts—
both of which had a tendency to relieve the widow
from the burden of procuring unnecessary evi-
dence; and the necessity of that evidence had or sen
in a great degree from that strictness in guarding
the public treasury, which his friend, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, had
always displayed, most especially 
Mr. McKAY (interposing) wished to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts a question, which
might save the trouble of a second speech. The
gentleman says he will vote for the amendment
with great cheerfulness, if the construction I put
upon it is true, that it enlarges the boundary in
favor of widow??. Cut the gentleman, in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
when an amendment offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky to pension all widows married previous
to the year 1800, was decided by the chairman out
of order, voted in affirmance of the decision of the
chair, thereby declaring it out of orde-r. Yet, he
tells us in the House that an amendment couched
in the same language as he voted to exclude, he
would vote for.
Mr. ADAMS. Really I am not able to answer
any member of this House how I voted upon a
question of order two or thiee years ago.
Mr. McKAY. It was Thursday last to which
I referred; and the amendment was the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Tib-
batts,] proposing to give a pension to all widows
married previous to 1800. A question of order was
raised; the Chairman [Mr. Brodhead] decided the
amendment out of order; and the gentleman from
Massachusetts voted to sustain the decision of the
Chair,
Mr. ADAMS (resuming) said, of course if he
had thought the amendment was out of order, he
had voted against it. Surely the gentleman, in his
great zeal for guarding the public treasury, should
not allow himself to be carried so far as to believe
because he (Mr. A.) had voted against a proposi-
tion when he had professedly voted against it be-
cause it was out of order, that he was therefore
bound to vote against it when it was offered in
order. But because he had voted against it ex-
pressly upon the ground that it was out of order,
if his friend would exercise his logical powers, he
would be very likely to conclude that he would
vote for it if it was in order. That was exactly
the fact. He wished to vote for it because it was
in order.
But this amendment (continued Mr. A.) consist-
ed of two parts, both of which were intended to
facilitate widows obtaining their pensions. Now,
he said-th&t the widow of an officer or a soldier—
a public servant actually pensioned for suffering
or service in the public cause—he said to his
friend, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
25
and Means, that he would apply his sweeping
spirit of retrenchment, and his sleepless vigilance
in guarding the public treasury better in any other
way than by resisting the applications for pensions
of the widows of meritorious men. With refer-
ence to these facilities, they weie rendered neces-
sary by the strictness of the Commissioner of
Pensions—an admirable officer, whom he approv-
ed in these strictnesses. He was an officer with
whom he (Mr. A.) had had a good deal to do in
application for pensions in behalf of his constit-
uents; but it so happened that in all the applica-
tions which he had submitted to him, he had al-
ways found him a perfectly fair and meritorious pub-
lic officer. Mr. A. was obliged to render him this
tribute, because he perceived that tins principle of
strictness, m which he sympathized so well with
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, carricd him so far; and Mr. A. would add
that, with his principles of strictness, he united
those of justice. lie had always found him per-
fectly fair towards applicants for pensions.
The first provision of this amendment was, that
no widow should be required to prove the services
of her deceased husband, if at the time of his de-
cease he was actually pensioned. What could be
more reasonable and just than that? A man was
pensioned; he could not be pensioned unless he
had furnished all the evidence of service required
by the department. The very tact of his being
pensioned at the lime of his deceasc appeared to
him, upon every rule of cwdcnce, conclusive as to
the justice of the pension. If the fact was piovcd
that lie was pensioned, the law of Congress which
extends to the widow, carries with it the pension
(o her. Suppose, then, that the Commissioner of
Pensions did sometimes require the widow tooivc^
additional testimony, even although the recoids of
the office showed that the husband had been pen-
sioned: Mr. A. should be glad to remove this
scruple from his mind, by saying that the fact of
the husband receiving a pension at his death
should be considered conclushe evidence for the
widow.
He found also in the letter of the Commissioner
of Pensions that ho had some question as to the
amount which would be due under that part of tluj
amendment. It seemed to him (Mr. A.) that it
the fact was established that the husband enjoyed
a pension, the amount he received must he on the
same evidence. There was nothing to do but go
to the record and see what amount the husband
enjoyed, to know, according to the law of Con-
gress, what was the amount which the widow
should enjoy after his decease.
It was suggested to him that the husband who
enjoyed a pension'must have proved his length of
service, and all the incidents necessary to obtain a
given amount of pension. He did not see how it
could give any trouble, except a little research of
the records, which he knew the Commissioner of
Pensions would cheerfully give.
As to the fact of marriage, as he had already ob-
served, if it should be so that this amendment
should be construed to remove entirely the limita-
tion of the present law, it would be so much the
more a favorite amendment to him. He wished to
see the limitation abolished; and he never in his
life had seen that limitation applied to the case of J
an applicant for a pension without blushing for his
country that we had ever allowed such a limitation
in our law. Why, his honorable colleague, [Mr.
Wijtthrop,] at this very session of Congress, had
presented a petition from the widow of a revolution-
ary officer—a man who had also endeared himself
to his country by the great discovery of the Colum-
bia river—who, after the close of the war, in con-
sequence of "Othello'soccupation" being "gone,"
was pursuing the occupation m which he had made
the discovery of the Columbia river; and from the
reading of the petition, it appeared that that very
man was an officer in the revolutionary army, and
that his wife would now be entitled to the pension
she asks, if she had been married only two months
before she was. Rut because she was married m
the month of February, 1794, and not on the jlst
December, 1793, she was cut off, under the exist-
ing law, from a pension! There was the generos-
ity which the Government extended to the widows
of meritorious officers and public servants. He
wished to suppoit her claim, and all such claims,
by removing that arbitrary limitation. He had
been under the necessity of disappointing the
widows of revolutionary officers and soldiers—in
one case of a woman who had married on the
8th of January, 1794, within one week of the
limitation; and in several other cases, where the
marriage took place shortly after. He had always
felt that it was a gross injustice on the part of his
country; and he did not think it possible for a. man
to render a greater and more valuable service to
his country than to be the agent of doing away
this injustice. If the Commissioner of Pensions
should give a different construction to the amend-
ment from that which his friend, the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, seemed to be
so much afraid of, he (Mr. A.) should be ready to-
pass another act m so many terms, that the Com-
missioner of Pensions should have no apology for
applying this limitation, by removing it altogether.
He had risen for the purpose of paying to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
a new tribute to the care with which he guarded
the public treasury, and for which he was justly
entitled to so much credit; and he wished to remind
the gentleman, that in England, the treasurer of
England bears a staff, the reason assigned by Lord
Coke for which is, to drive away applicants from
the public treasury. He thought if this House
should say that anybody should bear a staff here,
it should be his friend the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BRODHEAD rose to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means wheth-
er he had communicated to the Commissioner of
Pensions all the amendments to the bill which had
been adopted when he asked him for the construc-
tion that he should place upon it.
Mr. McKAY replied that he had procured the
amendments of the Clerk, who could reply to the
inquiry.
The Clerk, through the Speaker, was understood
to reply, that all weie communicated which were
pertinent to the subject.
Mr. BRODHEAD said he supposed, from the
construction given by the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, that he had but one amendment before him.
He therefore asked for the reading of all the
amendments, for the purpose of ascertaining wheth-
er a correct construction had been placed upon the
bill.
The amendments (as above given J were accord-
ingly read by the Clerk.
Mr. TIBBATTS said he did not know much
about these pension matteis, and he was not pre-
pared to state with rcfcrcnoc to what had generally
been done m that office. But lie had heard great
| complaints that Applicants had been unjustly kept
j out of pensions by the fact that evidence clearly
| unreasonable and unjustified by law was required.
| lie cited one case of this kind where the applica-
1 tion had been presented by him during the present
, session of Congress. There was great complaint
I on this subject; and the complaint was—whether
j just or not—that if the widow cannot make affida-
' vit of her own knowledge of the services of her
j husband during the revolutionary war, she is re-
1 quired to produce evidence of these services not-
i withstanding the depaitment has the evidence on
! file; and furthermore, that the widow is compelled
j to produce record of the marriage. Now, if this
was not true, the country was under a wrong im-
pression in relation to the acts of the department.
If it was true that the department did not act upon
principles of this kind, the amendment would do
no harm; if it did act upon these principles, the
amendment was certainly needed.
Now, so far as the construction was concerned
which his honorable friend said would be put upon
this amendment, he (Mr. T.) was very well satis-
fied that he [Mr. McKay] never would put that
construction upon it: and, also, that the Commis-
sioner of Pensions never would put a construction
of this kind upon it. He did not say he would;
