386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb.--18,
lie said if a literal construction were given to this
part of the amendment, it might be that all widows
would draw a pension. But'lie imagined that the
Commissioner of Pensions nor the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means—neither of them
ever had been known to put a literal construction
on an act of Congress which would draw any
money out of the treasury, particularly in favor
of widows, claimants of pensions—would literally
constiue this amendment.
To put the mattter beyond all doubt, he would
offer an amendment to the amendment which
would make it perfectly clear; and after that was
done, he would make a motion to amend the
amendmeut again by including all widows mar-
ried previous to the year 1800.
Some conversation arose between the Speaker
and several gentlemen as to the manner in which
the amendments had been reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and whether further amendment was in order; and
upon an examination of the case,
The SPEAKER decided that the committee
having reported two distinct amendments, it was
competent for the House to concur in them as they
might be amended.
Mr. TIBBATTS then offered the first amend-
ment which he had indicated, to amend the first
amendment of the committee by inserting in the
first line the words " entitled to a pension under
existing laws and," so as to read, " that no widows
entitled," &c., " and claiming a pension," &c.
Mr. JENKINS said it seemed to him that the
amendment as amended did not accomplish the ob-
ject which was intended. The Commissioner of
Pensions said he required no further evidence than
is required in courts of justice, in civil cases. That
was doubtless so. But in actions pertaining to
real estate, where the question of marriage"be-
comes one of importance, it is necessary to pro-
duce record evidence of the marriage, providing
there is any record evidence of that "fact. But he
was satisfied that the House did not intend that
such evidence should be required in that office,
but on the contraiy, that siu.li e\idunce as is re-
quired in civil cases in personal actions, should be
required in order to entitle the applicant to a pen-
sion. He road from Starkie's Evidence, pointing
out the distinctions between the kinds of evidence
required in the two cases, and he proposed to offer
an amendment, in accordance therewith, providing
that reputation of cohabitation, and reputation of
marriage, prior to 1794, as required in courts of
justice in personal cases, should be sufficient to
entitle the applicant to a pension.
But the amendment was not received, not being
in order at this time.
The amendment of Mr. Tibbatts to the amend-
ment of the committee was then agreed to.
And the amendment as amended was adopted.
The question then being on the second amend-
ment of the committee, (as above,) the yeas and
nays having been asked by Mr. McKAY and re- i
fused, was taken, and the amendment was agreed !
to. ;
Mr. TIBBATTS moved, as a second amend- j
ment he had indicated, the first section of the amend- !
ment which he had olfercd in committee. !
Mr. R. CHAPMAN raised a point of order j
against it; and, J
After some conversation on the point of order, j
The SPEAKER, ruled the amendment out of
order. j
Mr. TIBBATTS, remarking that he would take <
no appeal from the decision at present, did not fur- |
ther press the amendment. j
Mr. JENKINS now moved his amendment to
the clause of the amendment relating to proof of
marriage, to strike out the words " civil cases,"and i
insert " civil personal actions." I
The question being taken, was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 82, nays not counted. i
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading at!
this time; and, having been read a third time, and j
the question being, " Shall this bill pass ?"— j
Mr. HOPKINS asked the yeas and nays; which I
were refused. j
And then the bill was passed. j
On motion of Mr. MeHENRY, the title thereof j
was amended by adding at the end the words, I
" and for other purposes." j
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House tesolved !
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of I
the Union, (Mr. Bowlin, of Missouri, in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the current and con-
p exI>enses °? l'ie Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with certain Indian
tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1847.
On the suggestion of Mr. McKAY, the reading
of the bill through was dispensed with; and it was
read by sections.
A clerical error was corrected by Mr. McKAY.
Mr. McK. offered an amendment appropriating
$6,500, to close up (as he explained) the expenses
of the commission for the adjustment of claims
with the Choctaw Indians.
A letter from the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs was read, showing the propriety of the ap-
propriation.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON offered an amend-
ment which (so far as anything could be heard of
the reading) proposed to appropriate $2,000 for
the expense of holding a treaty with the Meno-
monie tribe of Indians, for the purchase of lands
north of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers.
Mr. THOMPSON explained that this appro-
priation was to defray the expenses of a treaty
with theMenomonies, who were desirous of leav-
ing their country, and of disposing of their lands.
He believed Jo,000 was asked for; the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs proposed t.o reduce the sum
to §2,000.
Mr. VANCE would like to know if there was
any evidence that these people were desirous to
sell then eountiy? If so, he -w us perfectly willing
to make the appropriation. Rut lie was unwilling,
with the large amount of lands we have already,
to take anv steps towards driving them away, or
treating with them unless tlicy were desirous to
sell.
Before this inquiry was replied to, (Mr. Tiiotir-
sox apparently not having heard it)-—■
Mr. CLALUvK raised a point of order against
the amendment, that it proposed a new appropria-
tion not tuuhonzr-d by law.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
No appeal was taken, but some conversation
followed on the point of order; pending which,
The committee rose, and reported progress.
Mr. HARALSON gave notice that he would,
on to-morrow, move that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of taking up the bills re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs,
and especially the bill providing for the organiza-
tion of two regiments of mounted riflemen.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 18,1840.
Mr. LEWIS presented the memorial of Oliver
R. Freeman, praying the passage of a joint reso-
lution to furnish the clerk of the county court of
Macon county, Alabama, with copics of all the
public documents which have been published m
loiation to the lands ceded to the United States by
the Creek Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of Ma-
ria Oslrander, praying to be allowed arrears of pen-
sion due her husband for services in the revolu-
tionary army; which was referred to the Commit-
tee oil Pensions.
Mr. TURNEY presented resolutions passed by
the Legislature of Tennessee, appiovmg the meas-
ures recommended by the President of the United
States in his last annual Message, and instructing
the Senators of said State and requesting their
Representatives in Congress, to sustain the prin-
ciples of said Message " by their votes, by all their
energies, and all their influence."
Also, instructing the said Senators and Repre-
sentatives to vote against the assumption by Con-
gress of the debts of individual States; against the
establishment of a national bank; and against the
distribution of the proceeds of the salts of the pub-
lic lands. Also, to advocate a modification of the
tariff of 1842, so as to reduce the duties it imposes
to a revenue standard, and to abolish the minimum
and specific duties, and to establish in their place
ad valorem duties. Also, to use their exertions to
extend the law s of the United States over the ter-
ritory of Oregon, and to take the most speedy
measures, consistent with treaty stipulations, to
terminate the joint occupation of said territory.
Mr. TURKEY said; It is with pleasure that I
present the resolutions of the Legislature of Ten-
nessee instructing my colleague and myself to vote
on several important national questions. Owing
to the peculiar position which I occupy, I deem it
proper to avail myself of this occasion to define my
position; and here, sir, permit me to say that I
shall most scrupulously observe, and in good faith'
strictly obey, each and all of these instructions.
In doing so, I shall vote and speak my own politi-
cal opinions and sentiments often publicly ex-
pressed and acted upon since my entrance into
public life. In relation to the tariff I never have
entertained or expressed any other than one opin-
ion; that opinion I yet entertain; and it is in strict
accordance with that expressed in these resolutions,
as will be seen by the following extract of a letter
written by myself shortly after my election:
"The tariff I think ought to be framed with a
' view to revenue only. I admit Congress has the
' power in levying duties for revenue to make dis-
' criminations. Some articles may very properly
' be permitted to come in free of duty; and in rela-
' tion to other articles it may be proper to discrim-
1 inate for revenue; but discrimination for the pro-
' tection of any one interest I think unjust, as it
' necessarily, to that extent, is a burden upon other
' interests m the country. Discrimination for the
' protection equally of all the interests of the coun-
' try is an absurdity. X think, therefore, discrim-
' illations should not exist for the protection of any
' manufactured or agricultural products, unless the
' articles protected be necessary for national de-
' fence in time of war and non-intercourse with
' foreign nations. In relation to such articles pro-
1 tection should be afforded not for the sake of the
' manufacturer, but for the sake of public interest,
1 that the country may have the benefit within it-
1 self of these articles without being dependant up-
' on foreign nations. With these exceptions, I
' think there should be no discrimination. I am,
' therefore, for repealing and modifying the tariff
1 act of 1842, according to these views."
In relation to the distribution among the States
of the proceeds of the public lands, in the letter al-
luded to, I said, I think Congress has the power to
distribute the proceeds of the public lands that have
been derived from the States by cession; nor do I
perceive any serious objection in the present state
of our finances to the adoption of that policy. Gen-
eral Jackson was of opinion that it was our true
policy that the public lands should cease as soon as
possible to be a source of revenue; and that great
and good man thought that the most safe, just, and
federal disposition would be, the distribution of their
proceeds among the States. As my position and
opinions on this subject seem to have been misrep-
resented, I deem it proper here to disabuse the pub-
lic mind, and to place myself right before thecoun-
try. My accusers take exceptions to my opinions,
as expressed in this letter, and falsely and ingeni-
ously insinuate that I have taken ground in favor of
distribution generally. They then quote my opin-
ions to prove that Congress has no power to dis-
tribute the proceeds of the public lands. Would
they have the public to believe from that, that I
once thought, and that they now entertain the opin-
ion, that Congress has no power to distribute the
proceeds of the lands derived by cession from the
States ? Do my accusers know how the State of
Tennessee acquired the lands in the Hiwassce and
Ocoe districts? W ere they constitutionally acquired?
If not, the State ought to refund their proceeds to
the General Government. Have they forgotten that
the Legislature just over memorialized Congress to
relinquish to that State, not only the unsold lands,
hut also the proceeds of those that have been sold,
thereby, in effect, instructing me to vote for it?
Would they have me to violate the Constitution for
so small a pittance? Surely my accusers are at-
tempting to swell a molehill into a mountain. I
will, Mr. President, with pleasure obey these im-
plied instructions by using my best exertions to
procure the passage of a law relinquishing to the
State of Tennessee these lands and their proceeds.
In doing this, I am fully apprised that I will be ad-
mitting the power of Congress to distribute them
among the States, as it would be absurd to say that
Congress could give them to one State, hut could
not divide them among all the States. If file
power exists to do the former, it follows that it
: equally exists to do the latter. In this opinion I
