1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
tries, is to be abrogated and annulled. We can-
not disguise the fact, that this is a measure of the
most decided character, and involving the most
important consequences. What is it, sir, but a
declaration that the territory of Oregon, after the
expiration of twelve months, shall no longer be
open to the subjects of Great Britain ? It is the
first step towards the assertion of our right of em-
pire and domain in Oregon. I can see it in no
other light. I shall support it. But I cannot as-
sent to the propriety of adopting a measure of such
magnitude without saying a single word in illus-
tration of our title to the territory, over which we
are thus preparing to assert our paramount rights.
I do not feel at liberty to take such a step, deny-
ing summarily all right in others, or abstaining
from the assertion of any right in ourselves.
I propose, therefore, as a preliminary of action
on my own part, to look at our title to Oregon—
not for the purpose of defining it with critical pre-
cision, but so far as to state the general grounds on
which it rests. And I am disposed to take this
course, not only with a view to justify the vote I
intend to give, but for the further purpose of cor-
recting extreme misconceptions, both at home and
abroad, on a few points of vital consequence. No
purely American question has, perhaps, excited a
stronger interest m other countries; and I doubt
whether any other has been so greatly misrepre-
sented. The same misapprehensions exist at home.
The public press, for the last few weeks, has been
teeming with essays disparaging the Spanish title,
on which our own, in some degree, rests. I am
unwilling either to pass by these statements in
silence, or to meet them with summary declara-
tions of right. It is natural that Senators, who
have been long on this floor, and who have already
borne a part in the discussion of this question,
should feel differently. But for myself, having
never even listened to a debate on the subject—a
subject until recently entirely new to me—I feel
bound to state the grounds on which I act. This
is what I propose to do—not by the analysis of
any particular treatise, or by the examination of
any particular view of the subject—but by exhibit-
ing some of the historical facts on which the Span-
ish title and our own rest. I shall endeavor to
perform this duty in the plainest manner, adhering
rigidly to the subject, and, if possible, without ad-
dressing a single word to prejudice or passion.
The region which now constitutes the territory of
Oregon was seen, and apart of its coast reconnoi-
tred—I will not say explored—half a century after
the discovery of America, In consequence of its
remoteness from the course of trade which was
opened by the voyages of Columbus, the supposed
rigor of its climate, and the certainty derived from
the expeditions sent out from Mexico, that it con-
tained no sources of wealth like those by which
Spain had been enriched in the more southern por-
tionsofthis continent, it remained, for more than two
centuries and a half, without any permanent settle-
ment by civilized men. During this long period,
Spain constantly asserted her right of proprietorship
in it by virtue of disco very, and had formed tempora-
ry establishments in its neighborhood from time to
time. During the half century which succeeded, it
was frequently visited by ships of other nations, by
accident, for purposes of exploration, or for objects
of commerce, and thus there arose a number of
claimants to the right of sovereignty and domain.
The claims of Russia have been adj listed with Great
Britain. She holds, by the acquiescence of the lat-
ter, the whole northwest coast of America north of
latitude 54° 40% as far back as the first range of
highlands ; and by virtue of a convention with the
United States, we have agreed to form no settle-
ments north of that parallel. The southern line of
Oregon we hold to be fixed, by the settlement of
the boundary line between the United States and
Mexico, at 42°. The territory in dispute has, there-
fore, a coast of twelve parallels and two-thirds of
latitude, running back into the interior to the Rocky
mountains; and the United States and Great Britain
are the only claimants to the right of proprietorship
in it.
Before I proceed to examine their respective
claims, it may be proper, as the subject has been
referred to on this floor, briefly to state the condi-
tions, under which, by the usage of nations, a right
of property in lands uninhabited, or unoccupied by
wandering tribes, may be acquired.
The basis usually relied on to support a right
of this nature is discovery; but it is a ground of
right which becomes untenable, unless followed by
an actual occupation of the discovered territory.
If a title is not perfected by occupation, a second
discoverer may appropriate the territory thus neg-
lected by the first. But this must be upon reason-
able evidence of the intention of the first discoverer
not to take possession of it. If a second discoverer
were to seize upon and appropriate the discovered
territory, before the first had time to form an estab-
lisment within it, such an act of interference would
be regarded as an unwarrantable intrusion, which
the latter might justly resist. On the other hand, if
the first discoverer neglects within a reasonable
time to take actual possession of, to form settle-
ments in, or make some actual use of, the regions
he has discovered, the law of nations will not ac-
knowledge in him any absolute right of property
in or sovereignty over it, even though he may
have set up monuments or memorials of his dis-
covery at the time it was made. Such is the spirit
of the rules in relation to the discovery and occupa-
tion of uninhabited territory, as stated by writers
on international law. It is certainly not easy to lay
down any invariable rule in respect to the time
within which, or the circumstances under which, a
title by discovery must be perfected by occupation.
The rules and maxims of international law are but
a practical application of the principles of universal
equity and justice; and in the settlement of ques-
tions of this nature, the real objects and intentions
of the parties are to be sought for in a reasonable
interpretation of their acts, t hflinve, however, the
doctrine may be considered fairly inferrible from
the whole body of the law on this subject, that
rights by discovery are srood until superseded by
rights of occupation. With regard to Great Brit-
ain, I think I may safely sav, that her practical
rule pushes this doctrine farther. She resists all
attempts by others to acquire rights of occupation
in territories which she has discovcied, and thus
renders her own rights by discovery perpetual. She
discovered the Chatham islands m 1791, by Captain
Broughton, in the nnned tender Chatham, after
parting company wiih Vancouver, on the way to
the northwest coast. * She has not occupied them
until recently; and I am not sure that there is now
anything more than a whaling establishment on
them; but she insists that no other power shall oc-
cupy them, bccause it would be injurious to her
settlements in New Zealand, which are nearly five
hundied miles distant from them.
I propose now to see what acts have been per-
formed in respect to Oregon by different nations; or,
in other words, to examine the nature of the dis-
coveries which have been made, and the establish-
ments which have been formed in that region, ap-
plying to them as I proceed the principles I have
concisely stated.
The first discoverer of any part of the northwest
coast of America north of, or in immediate conti-
guity with, the boundary between us and Mexico,
was Ferrelo. He was the pilot of Cabullo, the
commander of an expedition fitted out in Mexico
in 1543, fifty-one years after the discovery of San
Domingo by Columbus. Cabrillo died on the
voyage, and Ferrelo succeeded to the command.
He examined the coast from the Santa Barbara
islands, in latitude 34° to the 43d parallel of lati-
tude, but the latter part of his voyage was made,
I believe, without landing, and by a mere inspec-
tion of the coast from his vessel. In 1535, eight
years before this exploration was made, posses-
sion had been taken of California by Fernando
Cortes, in the name of Spain, and an establish-
ment had been formed in 24° of north latitude.
This establishment was kept up for several years;
and the Gulf of California to its northern extremi-
ty, with the western coast as high as 38° north
latitude, had been explored. These explorations,
and the establishments formed in carrying them
on, were all made in pursuance of a settled purpose
on the part of Spain to extend her dominion over
the uninhabited territory on the northwestern coast
of America. The discoveries to which these ex-
plorations led were therefore not accidental. The
expeditions were fitted out for the single object re-
ferred to. In the prosecution of this design, it is
true, the most arrogant and absurd pretensions
were set. up by Spain in respect to the exclusive
navigation of the Pacific; but these must not be
permitted to prejudice her just claims to portions
of the continent washed by its waters on the ground
k* See Vancouver's Journal, book I, chapter 11.
of discovery and occupation, and the declared pur-
poses she had in view.
The next navigator who appeared on the north-
west coast was Sir Francis Drake. He left Eng-
land in 1577, on a predatory expedition against the
dominions of Spain in the Pacific. In 1579, after
having accomplished his object, and carried devas-
tation and terror into the unprotected Spanish set-
tlements on the coast, he landed in 38° north lati-
tude, in a bay supposed to be that of San Francis-
co, and passed five weeks in repairing his vessel.
He took possession of the country, and called it
New Albion. It is pretended that Sir Francis
Drake followed the coast as far north as 48°; but
the best authorities fix the northerly limit of his
examination, which was a mere inspection from
his vessel, at 43°, the supposed boundary of Fer-
relo's inspection more than a quarter of a century
before. As the Biitish negotiators have abandon-
ed Drake's expedition as a part of the basis of their
claim, 1 will not dwell upon it, excepting to add
that his examinations were accidental; they were
not made in pursuance of any purpose of explora-
tion or settlement: they led to the discovery of no
new territory; and they were not followed up by
an actual occupation of the soil. For two centu-
ries no claim to territorial rights that I am aware
of was set up by Great Britain on the ground of
Drake's pretended discoveries.
The next explorer was the Greek pilot, Juan de
Fuca, who was sent to the northwest coast in 3592,
seventeen ycai s after Drake, by the Viceroy of Mex-
ico, for the purpose of discovering the imaginary
Strait of Anian, supposed, at that day, to connect
the north Pacific with the north Atlantic ocean. In
the prosecution of his voyage he entered an exten-
sive inlet from the sea, as he supposed, between
the 47th and 48th parallels of latitude, and sailed
more than twenty days in it. Such is his own ac-
count as detailed by Michael Lock; and it accords,
as well as his descriptions, so nearly with the ac-
tual nature of the localities, that it is now gene-
rally conceded to be substantially true; and his
name is conferred by universal consent on the strait
between the 48th and 49th parallels of latitude.
Spain had thus made discoveries on the northwest
coast before the close of the sixteenth century as
far north at least as the 48th degree of latitude, and
the nature of the explorations, from their extent
and the settled purpose in pursuance of which they
were made, excludes all claim of discovery by
others down to that period of time.
In 1603, Vizcaino, a distinguished naval com-
mander, under an order from the King of Spain,
made a careful survey of the coast of California to
Monterey, in the 37th parallel of latitude; and he
also explored the coast as far north as the 43d par-
allel, giving names to several bays and promonto-
ries as he advanced. During the scventeeth centu-
ry, at least seven different attempts were made by
the Spaniards to form establishments in California;
but from the hostility of the natives, and other
causes, these attempts foiled, so far as any perma-
nent settlement is concerned, excepting the last,
which was made in 1697. But, within sixty years
from this time, sixteen principal establishments
were formed by the Jesuits on the western coast
of America, between the Gulf of California and
Cape Mendocino, one of which was m the bay of
St. Francisco, near the 38th degree of latitude.
During the whole period from the landing of Fer-
nando Cortes in California, and the latter part of
the eighteenth century, Spain had uniformly as-
serted her title to the northwest coast of America,
and had from time to time made efforts not only to
extend her discoveries there, but to perfect her
right of empire and domain by permanent estab-
lishments.
In 1774, Perez was ordered by the Viceroy of
Mexico to proceed to 60° north latitude, and ex-
plore the coast south to Monterey, and to take
possession, in the name of the King of Spain, of
the places where he should land. He succeeded
in reaching the 54th parallel, within two-thirds of
a degree of the northern boundary of the disputed
territory, whence he returned along the coast to
Washington's Island, as it was called by Captain
Gray, or Glueen Charlotte's Island, as it was after-
wards named by the British navigators. In lati-
tude 49° 30' he entered a capacious bay, where he
remained for some time, trading with the natives—
the same bay, beyond all question, which was four
years afterwards called King George's Sound by
Capt. Cook, and is now known as Nootka Sound.
