390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,-
The next year, (1775,) Heccta sailed aa far north
as the 48th degree of latitude, and explored the
const south, filling up the outline which Perez had
left incomplete. He had previously landed at 41°
10', and erected a cross with an inscription setting
forth that he had taken possession of the country
in the name of lus sovereign. In latitude 46° 17'
he discovered a rapid current outward from the
land, opposite to an opening, which he immediate-
ly pronounced to be the mouth of a river. From
him it was first called the Entrada de Heceta, and
afterwards the river St. Roc. He made repeated
attempts to enter it, but was constantly baffled by
the violence of the current. This is now conceded
to have been the mouth of the river Columbia,
which was discovered and entered by Captain
Gray, of Boston, seventeen years afterwards.
During the same year the coast was also explored
from the 56th to the 59th degree of latitude by
Quadra (y Bodega) and Maurellc, who erected
crosses in testimony of their discoveries. On their
return, they visited the coast at the 47th degree of
latitude,and explored it from the 45th southwardly
to the 42(1.
It will be perceived by these details, which I
have deemed it necessary to state with some par-
ticularity, that previous to 1778, the year in which
Captain Cook visited the northwest coast, the Span-
iards had examined it with great care and persever-
ance from 37° to 49° 30'. They had also exam-
ined it from the 54th to the 59th parallels, and vis-
ited it at intermediate points. And in these explo-
rations they were wholly without competitors, ex-
cepting 011 the part of some Russian navigators,
who had made discoveries north of the 56th parallel,
and Drake, who had visited the coast at the 38ih.
During Ihe two centuries which intervened from
the expedition of Drake to the third voyage of
Cook, no attempt had been made, nor any design
indicated on the part of Great Britain, to avail her-
self of any pretended claim by virtue of the tran-
sient visit of the former to the coast; while Spain
constantly asserted her right to it by virtue of pre-
vious and subsequent discoveries. And in Cali-
fornia and its neighborhood she had, after repeated
efforts, succeeded in effecting the permanent occu-
pation of the country, which was her earnest ob-
ject—an object which no other power during that
long period had even in contemplation.
The third voyage of Captain Cook, undertaken
in 1777, gave the first indication of a desire on the
part of Great Britain to appropriate such parts of
the northwest coast of America as she considered
open to settlement, and subject them to her domin-
ion. He was instructed to take possession in the
name of the King, of convenient situations in the
countries he might discover that had not been
already discovered or visited by any other Euro-
pean power. In 1778 he landed at Nootka Sound,
in 49° 33' north latitude, where he remained nearly
a month trading with the natives and refitting his
vessel. I believe this was the only point within
the territory in dispute at which Captain Cook
landed; and it is proved by its latitude to be the
same bay which Perez discovered four years be-
fore, and in which he passed some time, like Cap-
tain Cook, trading with the natives. The subse-
quent explorations of the latter were made farther
north—I believe he did not see the coast south of
55°—with a view to the discovery of a passage
between the Pacific and Atlantic oceans, and they
have no bearing on the question under discussion.
The explorations of Captain Cook gave no title
whatever to Great Britain on the score of discovery
•—the only place where he landed having been pre-
viously visited by Perez. Besides, if she had
gained a contingent right of possession by virtue
of his explorations, she did not proceed to perfect
her title by a formal occupancy. The neglect of
Great Britain to take actual possession of Nootka
Sound, even if she had gained a contingent right by
discovery, is conclusive against any claim on her
part to a right of property m it. For eight or nine
years the British flag was not once unfurled there
as I call learn, although the place had, in the mean
time, been visited by navigators of other nations;
and it was not until several years later still that it
was even entered by a public armed vessel of Great
Britain; and then not until the Spanish Govern-
ment had taken formal possession of it.
_ In 1787, Berkeley, an Englishman, in the ser-
vice of the Austrian East India Company, saw the
Strait of Juan de Fuca, but without attempting to
enter it. In like manner, Meares, a lieutenant in
the British navy, though in the service of a Portu-
guese merchant, and sailing under the flag of Por-
tugal, sent a boat afew miles into the strait in 1788,
having learned from Berkeley that he had re-dis-
covered it the preceding year. Meares also ex-
plored the coast in the vicinity of the mouth of the
Columbia river, and came to the conclusion, to use
his own language, that "no snch river as that of
St. Roc exists, as laid down in the Spanish charts."
'—Voyages, Sfc., John Meares, esq., page 168.
As the transactions in which Meares was en-
gaged , on the northwest coast, are intimately con-
nected with the claim of Great Britain to u right of
joint occupancy in respect to Oregon, I tiust it will
not be deemed superfluous if I examine them some-
what in detail.
Before making the explorations above referred
to, Meares had landed at Nootka Sound, and left a
party to build a small vessel. He had, for a trifling
consideration, obtained the grant of "a spot of
ground" from Maquinna, the king of the surround-
ing country, to build a house for the accommoda-
tion of the party. The occupation was avowedly
for a temporary purpose; and ho had stipulated
with Maquinna to restore the possession to him,
when lie (Meares) should finally leave the coast.*
In the autumn of the same year, lie left Nootka
Sound with his vessels, one of which wintered in
Chni&j and the two others in the Sandwich islands.
I should have before observed that he arrived at
Nootka Sound with two vessels, the Felice and the
Iphigenia; and the third, the Northwest America,
was built there during the summer. In the mean-
time, the Columbia and the Washington, two
American vessels from Boston, entered the sound
and passed the winter; and from all the testimony-
relating to the subject, there is no doubt that the
lot occupied by Meares was abandoned, or restored
to Maquinna, in pursuance of the agreement be-
tween them. During all this time, it is to be re-
collected, Meares was sailing under the Portu-
guese flag; and it is a curious fact, that he carried
with him instructions to repel by force any attempt
on the part of Russian, Spanish, or English ves-
sels, to seize him, or carry him out of his way.
He was further instructed, in case he was success-
ful in capturing his assailant, to send the vessel to
China, to be condemned, and the crew to be tried
as pirates;f and yet, sir, notwithstanding he was
sailing under a foreign flag, with orders to treat his
Britannic Majesty's subjects as pirates, in case
they molested him, the British Government does not
scruple to found its title to Oregon on his voyage.
Though the vessels of Meares sailed under the
Portuguese flag, and under the name of a Portu-
guese subject, he asserted, in his memorial, that
the parties in interest were British merchants. I
desire to state the whole truth, and therefore I give
a fact I have not seen noticed. At page 173 of his
Voyages, it will be seen that he took possession
of the Straits of Juan de Fuca, in the name of the
king of Great Britain, in July, 1788. But inde-
pendently of the objection to claims founded upon
the transactions of an individual, who, under the
most favorable view that can be taken of him, had
sought the piotection of a foreign flag to perpetrate
frauds on the revenue laws of China, this unau-
thorized act of taking possession under such a flag
was preceded many years by similar formalities
on the part of the Spanish navigators, under ex-
press orders from their sovereign. The twofold
character which Meares united in his person cer- I
tainly gave him manifest advantages, both as a 1
trader and a discoverer. He was a Portuguese
captain when defrauding the revenue laws of China
for the benefit of British subjects, and a British
lieutenant when encroaching on the territorial
rights of Spain, for the benefit of the British sove-
reign.
Oit the 6th of May, 1769, Martinez, a Spanish
naval commander, with two public armed vessels,
!i entered Nootka Sound, with instructions to assert
11 * "Maquinna had not only most readily consented to mant
i, ub a spot of ground in Ins teriitory, wlu-reon a house nu«ht
[ | be built for tile accommodation of the people we intended to
leave there, but had pionnscd aho lus assistance in for-
warding our worta, and hi-i protection of the party, who
were destined to leinam at Nootka dunng our absence.—
Voyages, 4'c., by John Meares, page 114.
"The chief was also requested to show every mark of at-
tention and friendship to the party we should leave on shore;
and, as a bribe to secure lus attachment, he was promised,
that when we finallv left the coast, he should enter into full
possesion of the house, and all the goods and chattels there-
unto belonging."—Ib,}pagc 130,
f Appendix to Mean^'s Voyages, papers No. 1.
and maintain the paramount rights of Spain to the
place, and to the adjacent coasts. The Iphigenia,
and the Northwest America, two of Meares's yes-
sals had returned from the Sandwich islands, still
sailing under Portuguese colors, and arrived in the
Sound on the 20th of April, sixteen days before
Martinez. The Northwest America sailed eight
days afterwards on a trading voyage, and tke
Iphigenia was a short time subsequently seized by
Martinez, on the ground that her instructions were
hostile to Spain. She was,however, sotm restored,
and continued to trade under Portuguese colors-?~a
fact which shows conclusively that no claim can
justly be set up by Great Britain on the basis of
the voyage of Meares to Nootka, and his tempo-
rary establishment there. The Northwest Amer-
ica was also seized, for reasons not directly con-
nected with any question of sovereignty, and was
employed for nearly two years in the Spanish
service.
In the month of June, 1789, two vessels, the^ Ar-
gonaut and Princess Royal, sailing under British
colors, arrived at Nootka, and were seized by Mar-
tinez. It is unnecessary to enter into the details
of this transaction. It is sufficient to say that it
led to an animated discussion between the Govern-
ments of Great Britain and Spain, in respect to
their rights in the Pacific, and the western coast of
America, which, for several months, threatened to
produce a war between the two countries, but
which was finally terminated in October, 1790, by
the treaty of the Escurial, or the Nootka Sound
convention, as it is more frequently denominated
with us. Before the negotiations were concluded,
both vessels were voluntarily released by the Span-
ish authorities in Mexico.
As the Nootka Sound convention constitutes art
essential ingredient in the claim of Great Britain 
it will be necessary to advert to such of its provis-
ions as arc made the foundation of kcr title to the
qualified exercise of sovereignty which she asserts
over the northwest coast of America, and to con-
sider them in connexion with the circumstances
under which they were framed, The articles which
relate pai ticularly to the question under discussion
arc the 1st, 3d, 5th, and 6th.
The 1st article provides that 44 the buildings and
4 tracts of land situated on the northwest coast of
4 the continent of North America, or on the islands
' adjacent to that continent, of which the subjects
4 of his Britannic Majesty were dispossessed about
4 the month of April, 1789, by a Spanish officer,
* shall be restored to the said British subjects."
The third article provides, that, " in order to
' strengthen the bonds of friendship, and to pre-
{ serve in future a perfect harmony and good un-
' derstanding between the two contracting parties,
4 it is agreed that their respective subjects shall not
' be disturbed or molested, either in navigating or
4 carrying on their fisheries in the Pacific ocean, or
' in the South seas, or in landing on the coasts of
' those seas in places not already occupied, for the
' purpose of carrying on their commerce with the
' natives of the country, or of making settlements
4 there; the whole, subject, nevertheless, to the re-
4 stnotions specified m the three following arti-
cles."
The 5th article provides that " as well in the
4 places which arc to be restored to the British
4 subjects by virtue of the first article, as in ail
4 other parts of the northwestern coast of America,
4 or of the islands adjacent, situate to the north of
4 the parts of the said coast already occupied by
' Spain, wherever the subjects of either of the two
i Powers shall have made settlements since the
' month of April, 1789, or shall hereafter make
' any, the subjects of the other shall have free ac-
' cess, and shall carry on their trade without any
' disturbance or molestation.'5
The sixth article relates to the coast of South
America; but it has an importance in containing a
definition of the erections which may be made,
confining them to such as may serve the purposes
of fishing; and the provisions of the third article
are expressly declared to be subject to the restric-
tions in  sthfc three following articles/' one of
which is the sixth.
I now proceed to state some facts in respect to
; this convention, and to draw from them some con-
>; elusions at which I have arrived with somediffi-
!j dence. The facts I shall endeavor to present with
!; a rigid regard to accuracy. If my conclusions are
I; erroneous, the better judgment of the Senate will
^ correct them; and I shall have the consolation of
