1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
reflecting that my errors—if they shall prove such—
have led to the discovery of f.rn l.h, which I am sure
is the great object of every Senator on this floor.
The first article was practically inoperative,
from a total ratsapprehenszon of the facts which it
supposed. There is no evidence that subjects of
his Britannic Majesty had been dispossessed of
buildings or tracts of lands in April, 1789, or at
any other time, by a Spanish officer. In the mes-
sage of the British king to Parliament, and in the
earnest discussions between the two countries in
respect to the seizure of the British ships, I
find no mention of such dispossession. When
Vancouver was sent out, in 1799, to receive pos-
session of the buildings, &c., to be restored, none
could be found excepting those erected by the
Spaniards. No building occupied by British sub-
jects remained at Nootka in 1789, when Martinez
arrived there; and it was denied by the Indians
tnat any tracts of land had been ccded to British
subjects. Iii fact, there were no traces of the oc-
cupancy which the article supposed. The only
pretence of a cession of territory of which there
was any evidence, was the right acquired by
Meares, while acting in the name of a Portuguese
citizen, and sailing under the flag of Portugal, to
occupy temporarily a very small lot, which he
himself admits he had agreed to restore when he
should leave the coast.
After a long controversy on this subject between
Vancouver and Quadra, the Spanish commander
at Nootka, the former departed without receiving
any lestitutiou of buildings or lands, and the sub-
ject was referred to their respective Governments.
In 179G, Captain Broughton arrived at Nootka,
and found the place unoccupied. (See his Voy-
age of Discovery to the North Pacific Ocean, page
50.) He nowhere, states that he was sent out
with instructions to adjust the difficulty. But he
says he was informed, by letters left with Miiqum-
na, the Indian king, that "the Spaniards had de-
livered up the port of Nootka, &c., to Lieutenant
Pierce, of the marines, agreeably to the mode of
restitution settled between the two Com Is."' But
there is no proof of such restitution. The only
authority relied on to show such a restitution, is
one recently produced by the London Timed. 1
allude to,De Koch, vol. 1, page lx2fj. He says:
" The execution of the convention of the 98lh
' October, 1790, [the Nootka convention] expe-
' rienced some difficulties which delayed it till
' 1795. They were terminated the 23d of March
4 of that year, on the spot itself, by the Spanish
' Brigadier Alavaand the English Lieutenant Poara,
' who exchanged declarations m the bay of Noot-
' ka; after which the Spanish fort was destroyed,
' the Spaniards embarked, and the English flag
' was planted there in sign of possession."''
De Koch has the reputation of being accurate;
but there is certainly one error in his statement.
There was no such name as Poara in the British
Registers of that year. He doubtless meant Pierce.
In opposition to this testimony of a foreign
writer, we have the assertion, twice repeated, of
the British historian, Belsham, that the Spanish
flag at Nootka was never struck, and that the place
was virtually relinquished by Great Britain.j If
* See Histofre Abr6g6e dos Tiaitds do Faix, &c. par M.
de Koch, continue, See. par F. Schoeil.
" L'execution de la convention du 28 Octobre, 1790,
eprouva, au resfce, des chtricuttes qui ia ictardcrent jusqu'en
1795- Elles furent terminees Je '22 Mars de cetto anncc, jur
les heux memes,parle Brigadier Espagnol Alava, er. le Lieu-
tenant Anglois Poara. qui echangcrent des declaiations dans
1c golte de Nootka meme; apres que le fort Espa<*uol Jut
rose, ctes £hpagnols s'embarguerent, et le pavilion .dnglabi yfut
plunie en signe de possession."
f"Itis certain, nevertheless, from the most authentic
subsequent information, that the Spanish flag tiymg at the
fort and settlement of Nootka was never struck, and that
the whole territory has been virtually relinquished by Great
Britain—a measure, however politically expedient, which
involves in it a severe reflection upon the Minister who
could permit so insidious an encroachment upon the ancient
and acknowledged rights of the Crown of Spain.'*'—iW-
sham's History of Great Britain, vol. 8, page 337-'^8.
" But though England, at the expense of three millions,
extotted from the Spaniard? a promise of rcstoiafion and
reparation, it is well ascertained, first, that the settlement m
question never was restored by Spain, nor the Spanish
at Nootka ever struck ; and secondly, that no settlement h.is
even been subsequently attempted by England on the Cah-
forman coa«t. The claim of nsht set up by the Court of
London, it is therefore plain, has been virtually abandoned,
notwithstanding the menacing tone in winch the negotiation
was conducted by fhe British administration, who cannot
escape some censure for encouiaging those vexatious en-
croachments oil the territorial rights of Spain.'*—JBclsharrfs
History of Great Britain, vol. §, Appendix, page 40, 41.
any restitution was ever made, the evidence must
he in the possession of Great Britain. Senor
Quadra, in 1792, offered to give Vancouver posses-
sion, reserving the rights of sovereignty which
Spam had. There may have been a restitution
with such reservation; but if there is any evidence
of a restitution, why has it not been produced by
the British negotiators, or at least referred to?
Where are the declarations mentioned by De Koch
as having been exchanged? Why has the evi
dence never been produced ? Probably because, if
there is any such evidence, it must prove a condi-
tional and not an absolute surrender—such a sur-
render as she is unwilling to show—a surrender 1
reserving to Spain her rights of sovereignty. If;
there was a restitution, and she possesses the evi-1
dence of it, she probably secretes it, as she secreted
the map of the northeastern territory with the red
line, because it would have been a witness against
her. When Vancouver went out in 1792, he car- !
ried an order from the Spanish Government to ihe
commandei at the port of St. Lawrence (Nootka)
to restore the buildings and districts or parcels of j
land which were "occupied'5 by the subjects of ■
Great Britain at Nootka and Port Gov, mid of
"which the English subjects were dispossessed."
Cluadra refused to execute it. No occupation—no
dispossession was proved. The treaty did not
name Nootka or Port Cox. Cluadra considered,
doubtless, the occupation and dispossession as facts
to f e proved. The execution of the treaty, though
absolute in its terms, depended on a contingency
assumed to have happened—a contingency to be
shown. In the absence of any such proof, we have
a right to insist on the evidence of a restitution,
full, formal, unconditional, absolute. "Broughton,
in ]?1)G, says the restitution was made agreeably
to the mode " settled between the two Courts.''
llnswas a mod^ settled on the reference of the
subject to the two (Joverinnents after the refusal of
Quadra U) surrender IXoolka to Vancouver. Van-
couver, in his Journal, vol. (j, page lltf, say* that
on the 12th Hcptemhou 179-1, Hefior Alava told him
at Monterey that the matter had been adjusted by
their respective Courts nearly on the terms1'which
he (_ Vancouver) had l^peatcdly offered to Cluadia.
liiven this statement, comim.*, liom Vancouver,
shows that theie was a new agreement between
the Courts. What was the agreement? We have
a right to call for its production.
Such was the practical execution of the fust arti-
cle of the Nootka Sound con\ention. One fact is
undeniable. Great Linmm never occupied Nootka,
From 1790 to the piesent tlay no attempt has been
made to reoceupy it by civilized men. Captain
Belcher, a British naval othccr, \ isitcd the place in
1SM, while making a voyage lound the world. In
his narrative, page 113, vol 1, he says-
(i No vestige icmaius o{ the settlement noticed
4 by Vancouver, nor could T discern on the site of
4 the Spanish buttery the slightest trace of stones
' employed tor building. The chiefs pointed out
4 where their houses stood, and where the potatoes
4 grew, but not a trace remains of a Kuropean."
The third article, beside-; simulating fur an un-
molested enjoyment of the light of navigating and
fishing- m the Pacific and South seas and landin-
on the coast, conceded in evpress terms to the sub-
jects of both nations the ruht to foim settlements
m places not already occupied; but this ri«lit was
subject to the restrictions of the three following-
articles, one of which was to limit its exercise to
the parts of the coast, or the islands adjacent,
north of the parts already occupied by Spain. It
had, by the terms of the compact, no application
whatever to parts of the coast of North America
!i south of the places occupied by Spain at the time ;
I! the treaty was made. The impon.mt question !
M arises, what was the most northern point occupied i
j, by Spam in 1790 > This became a matter of dis- :
11 agreement between the Spanish and British author-
itles at a very early day after the Nootka Sound
|i contention was formed. Vancouver claimed not, ]-
j! only the whole of Nootka Sound, but also Port :
Cox, south of it* and he insisted, to use his own
:! phraseology, that "the northernmost spot on the
; 4 Panne coast of America, occupied by the Span-
; 4 iards previous to the month of May, 1789, was
i 4 the Presidio of San Francisco, in latitude 37° 48'."
j Now, it will be observed that an attempt was made
| to give to the Nootka Sound convention a con-
i struction wholly unwarranted by its terms. Van-
; couver endeavored to fix the month of April, 1789,
1 as the time when the question of the most northern
occupation of Spain was to be settled. The lan-
guage of the convention, in respect to the right of
forming settlements, is, " north of the parts of the
said coast already occupied by Spam;5 fixing the
time, according to every just rule of construction,
at the date of the treaty, the 28th of October, 1790.
This construction is strengthened by the fact, that
a subsequent article concedes the right of forming-
temporary establishments on the coast of South
Ameiica, south of parts "already occupied" by
Spain, and referring indisputably to the date of the
treaty. The words "already occupied" are the
same m both articles, and they must be considered
as referring to the same period of time.
The question then rectus, what was the most
northerly point occupied by Spam in October, 1790,
at the conclusion of the ti eaty ?
Martinez, as has been seen, took possession of
Nootka Sound on the bill of IMay, 1789; and im-
mediately landed mateiials and cannon for build-
ing and arming a fort on a small island, at fhe en •
trance of Friendly Cove. In November he return-
ed to St. Bias, and m the spring- of 1790 Captain
Flisa took his place. A permanent establishment
was formed, vessels were sent out on exploring
expeditions; and, during the negotiations between
Vancouver and Cluadra m 1792, the Spaniards
were in possession of houses and cultivated lands*
Vancouver again found them in possession in 1793,
under Senor Fidalgo, and in 1794, under Sefior
Saavadra, and the post was maintained without in-
terruption until 1795.*" By turning to page 336,
volume 2, of Vancouver'*? Journal, a view of the
Spam-di establishment at Friendly Cove, on Noot-
ka Sound, will be seen, from a sketch taken on
the spot by one of Vancouver's party, in Septem-
ber or October, 1792, and it exhibits ten roofed
buildings, with seveial enclosures of cultivated
land. It also exhibits, totally distinct from these
lands and buildings, a co\c adjoining, and a refer-
ence to it, stating that it includes " the territories
which, in September. 1792, weie oficred by Spain
to be ccded to Great Bntmn." This was the site
of the hut occupied by Meares, and the Spanish
commander refused to make a formal and absolute
surrender to Great Biitain of any other land.
Thus n is established, by proof not to be im-
peached, that the Spaniards were in the occupation
of a post at Nootka Sound in 1790, when the con-
vention was negotiated and concluded, and I sub-
mit, then fore, whether this must not be regarded
as the southern limit of the region, within which
the light of forming settlements, recognised or con-
ceded by the convention, was to be exercised.
This point was strenuously and perseveringly in-
sisted on by Cluadra in his negotiation with Van-
couver, anil with obvious justiec. To use Van-
couver's own languao'e, page 342, 2d volume of
his Journal, Cluadra observed that " Nootka ought
i ' to be the last or most northwardly Spanish set-
j'tlement; that there the dhidmg line should be
'fixed, and that from thence to the northward
' should be free for entrance, use, and commerce
* to both parlies, conformably with the fifth article
' of the convention; that establishments should not
4 bo formed without permission of the respective
' Courts, and that the Knglish should not pass to
4 the south of Fuca." Such was Quadra's con-
struction of the treaty; and lie uniformly refused to
make any formal surrender of territory or build-
ings, excepting the small cove referred to. Noot-
ka Sound is midway between the 49th and 50th
parallels of latitude; and south of this point, if
Cluadra's position was well taken, Cheat Britain
could claim no right by virtue of the convention,
though it were still in force.
■*Vancouvei arrived at Nootka Sound on the 20th May,
1793, and found the Spamatds in possession. He says:
-An oiliecr was immediately despatched on slioie to ac-
quaint  >cnor Fid.tl o oi our ainval, and that I would salute
the foit if ho would make an equal return; this was accord-
ingly done with eleven guns.''—Vancouver's Journal, vol.
3, pa^c 422.
Vancouver arnved at Nootka Sound on the 5th of Octo-
ber. 1793, and, to use his own words, the usual ceremonies
o? salutes, and other formalities, having passed, accompanied
by Mr. Puget, I waited on Senor Saavadra, the commander
of the post "—Vol. 4, fage *289.
Vancouver arrived at Nootka Sound on the 2d September,
]794, and found Biigadicr General Alava m command. He
left "without resuming the negotiation which he had com-
menced with Quadra, ni 379-2. On the 12th Novernbei, 1794,
lie was infoi mcd by General Aiava? at Monterey, whe) e they
m«:t, that instructions had been pent to adjust"the matter m
an amicable way, and nearly on the teims which be (Van-
couver) had lepeatedlv offered to Senor Qundta in Septem-
ber, T/92. But of tins, a-? has been seen, there is no satis-
factory evidence.—See Gih volume, page 118.
