S92
That Great Britain would have had the right,
under the convention, at any time, during its con-
tinuance, to form a temporary establishment on
any part of the northwest coast, north of the Span-
ish post at Nootka, will not be disputed; though it
would have been subject to the right of free access
and trade reserved to the subjects of Spam. But
she neglected to assert her right. She formed no
settlements in pursuance of the convention; and, in
1796, Spain, by declaring war against her, put an
end to the treaty, agreeably to the acknowledged
principle of international law, that the permanence
of treaty stipulations can only be secured by ex-
press agreement, and that without such an agree-
ment they cease to be binding on the occurrence
of hostilities between the contracting parties, unless
there is something in the nature of the questions
settled which is, of necessity, permanent and final.
Having failed, then, to make any settlement on the
coast from 1790 to 1796, all rights conceded by the
convention ceased with the declaration of war,
by which it was terminated. From that time forth,
Great Britain stood in precisely the same relation
to Spain as (hough the convention had never been
formed; and in order to establish any claim she
may advance to territorial rights on the northwest
coast, she must resort to those general rules found-
ed upon discovery and occupation which were
briefly adverted to at the commencement of my re-
marks.
I will not discuss the question whether the trea-
ty of the Escurial was revived by the treaty of
Madrid, in 1814. I consider it put at. j-est by the
able argument of the American negotiator, Mr.
Bur: hi nan.
Let me no w revert to the progress of discovery
and. exploration, which I was briefly sketching, and
which was interrupted by the events of the Nootka
Sound controversy.
In 1789, the American sloop Washington, com-
manded by Captain Gray, who afterwards discov-
ered the Columbia river, entered and sailed fifty
miles in the Strait of Juan de Fuca. Meares, in
his narrative, describes a voyage by the Wushinp--
ton entirely through the Striut to the north of tli'e
islands of (Xuailra and Vancouver, and thence into
the Pacific. If such a voyage was ever made, it
must have been under Captain TCendrick, who was,
at another period, in the command of that vessel;
for Gray, when he met Vancouver in 1792, said it
was not made by him. But, be this as it may, it is
certain that the Washington was the first vessel
which penetrated the strait beyond its mouth after
its discovery by De Fuca. A subsequent exami-
nation was made in 1790, as high as 50°, by order
of the Spanish commander at Nootka Sound; so
that its shores were, well known in their general
outlines before the examinations made by Van-
couver two years afterwards.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
the promontory of Classet," the entrance of the
Strait of Fuca.—Vol. 2, pages 58 and 59.
Only eight days after parting with Vancouver,
Gray discovered Bulfinch's harbor, betv/cen the
mouth of the Columbia and the Strait of Fuca, and
remained threedaysin it. On the 11th of May, 1792,
the day after he left Bulfinch's harbor, he saw, to use
his own words,u the entrance of our desired port,"
and in a few hours was anchored in "a large river
of fresh water," as he terms it, to which he gave
the name of the Columbia. He remained in the
river nine days, and sailed, as he states, more
than twenty miles up the channel from the bar at
its entrance. Thus was verified the conjecture of
Hecp.ta, who, seventeen years before, saw an
opening in the coast, which on the Spanish maps
was called the river St, Roc. Meares and Van-
couver had asserted, in the most positive manner,
their conviction that no such ri\er existed; yet
when the fact was clearly ascertained by Captain
Gray, who had given copies of his charts to Quad-
ra, the Spanish commander at Nootka, Vancouver,
having procured copics from the latter, sent Lieu-
tenant Broughton to examine the river, and take
formal possession of it. Broughton not only per-
formed both these ser\iccs, but for, the purpose of
earning for himself the reputation of a discoverer,
he labored, in his account of his expedition, to
rob Captain Gray of the merit of discovering the
river, by the unworthy device of drawing a dis-
tinction between the bay in which it debouches
and the upper part of the stream. Public opinion
has rejected this unmanly attempt; and Captain
Gray is admitted by all fair-minded men to have
been the first person who entered the river and
solved the doubt which had long prevailed with
regard to its existence, while Vancouver, twelve
days before the discovery, had not hesitated to
deny, on the strength of his own personal exam-
ination, made- "under the most favorable cir-
cumstances of wind and weather," to use his own
language, that no such great river existed. This
attempt on the part of Broughton is the more
unmanly, ftom the fact that he actually entered
the mouth of the Columbia with the aid of Gray's
chart. I am disposed to acquit Vancouver, in a
great degree, from all participation in the odium of
this act. The account of the examination of the
Columbia by Broughton, contained in Vancouver's
Journal, though in the language of the latter, is,
in fact, a report made by Broughton, the com-
mander of the party, as may be seen by reference
to the Journal, volume 3, page 85. Vancouver
more than once recognises Gray distinctly as the
discoverer of the Columbia. At page 388, volume
2, he expresses the hope that he may be able, in
his route to the southward, to " re-examine the
roast of New Albion, and particularly a river and
j , , a harbor discovered by Mr. Gray, in the Colum-
in 3792, Vancouver arrived on the northwest jj bia, between the 46th and 47th de^iees of north lat-
coast, with instructions to examine and survey
the whole shore of the Pacific from the 35th to the
60th parallel of latitude, and particularly to exam-
ine " the supposed Strait of Juan de Fuca,"
" through which the sloop Washington is leport-
ed to have passed in 1789, and to have come out
again to the northward of Nootka." He passed the
mouth of the Columbia river, which he considered
as an opening undeserving of" more attention,"
and came to the conclusion that, between the 40th
and 48th parallels of latitude the rivers which had
been described "were reduced" (I use his own
words) " to brooks insufficient for our vessels to
itude, of which Senor Quadra had favored me with
a sketch." At page 393, same volume, he says
he directed that "Mr. Whidbey, taking one of the
Discovery's boats, should proceed in the Dcedalus
to examine Gray's harbor, said to be situated in
latitude 46° 53', whilst the Chatham and Discov-
ery explored the river Mr. Gray had discovered in
the latitude of 4G° 10'."
The explorations of Vancouver, though they re-
sulted in a minute and critical examination of the
shores of the Strait of Fur-a, led to the discovery
of no new territory; and it is a singular fact, that
while this naval officer of Great Britain, himself
navigate, or to bays inapplicable, as harbors, for J an accomplished navigator, furnished with all the
refitting. On the 29th of April, he met Captain h means of making scientific investigations, was pur-
: sum frmn Rn^inn — :i suing the examinations which were the great pur-
 /-n  • - , v.
Gray, in the ship Columbia, from Boston, and was
informed by him that he had " been off the mouth
of a river in the latitude of 46° 10', where the out-
set or reilux was so great as to prevent his entering
for nine days." And Vancouver adds: "This was
probably the opening passed by us on the fore-
noon of the 27th, and was apparently inaccessible,
not from the current, but from the breakers that
extended across it."—Vol. 2, page 43. Notwith-
standing this communication by Gray, Vancouver,
relying on his own examinations, still remained
of the opinion (and he so rccords it) that, " if any
inlet or nver should be found, it must be a very in-
tricate one, and inaccessible to vessels of our bur-
den, owing to the reefs, broken water,'' &c.; and
he concludes that he was u thoroughly convinced"
that he could ii not possibly have passed any cape,
navigable opening, harbor, or place of security for
shipping on this coast, from Cape Mendocino to
pose of his expedition, Captain Gray, in a trading
vessel, and in the prosecution of commercial ob-
jects alone, discovered the only two important
openings, the Columbia river and Bulfinch*s har-
bor, on the northwest coast, from the 40th to the
48th parallel of latitude, where Vancouver, after
the most critical survey, had discovered none.
It is indeed an extraordinary circumstance that
the existence of all the great inlets in the coast, to
which Great Britain now lays claim on the ground
of discovery, was strenuously denied by the navi-
gators in her public service, until those Inlets were
discovered and made known by others. "We have
seen what Vancouver said in relation to the coast
between the 40th and 48th parallels of latitude. On
the 22d of March, 1778, Captain Cook was in lati-
tude 48° 15', inspecting the coast. The promonto-
i ry of Classet, (or Cape Flattery, as he denomina- i
ted it,) the southern cape at the entrance of the
Strait of Juan de Fuca, was in full view, and but
a few miles distant. Hear what he says in rela-
tion. to the strait:
" It is in this very latitude where we now were
* that geographers have placed the pretended Strait
4 of Juan de Fuca. But we saw nothing like it;
4 nor is there the least probability that any such
4 thing ever existed."—Cook's Third Voyage, vol.
2, p. 263.
Now, however, Great Britain claims the whole
strait and the adjoining country by Vancouver's
discovery, though he himself admits (as we shall
see) that the Spaniards had surveyed and mapped
a portion of it before he arrived on the northwest
coast.
In the letter of the British Plenipotentiary, Mr.
Pakenham, of the 29th of July last, the following
passage will be found at page 67, documents ac-
companying the President's Message:
" In 1792, Vancouver, who had been sent from
* England to witness the fulfilment of the above-
* mentioned engagement, [the restitution of build-
' ings, <fcc., at Nootka, which, as has already been
' seen, were not to be found,] and to effect a survey
' of the northwest coast, departing from Nootka
' Sound entered the Straits of Fuca; and after
* an accurate survey of the coasts and inlets on
' both sides, discovered a passage northwards into
' the Pacific,, by which he returned to Nootka,
1 having thus circumnavigated the island which
* now bears his name. And here we have, as far
* as relates to Vancouver's island, as complete a
< case of discovery, exploration, and settlement, as
' can well be presented, giving to Great Britain, in
4 any arrangement that may be made with regard
4 to the territory in dispute, the strongest possible
' claim to the exclusive possession of the island."
To repel this assumption, the grounds of which
the distinguished British Plenipotentiary appears
not to have sufficiently investigated, Mr. Buchanan
briefly referred to previous examinations by the
Spaniaids. I now proceed to show, by Vancouver
himself, that the assumption is entirely unsustained
by the facts.
In the first place, let me correct an error into
which Mr. Pakenham has fallen at the outset, in
saying that Vancouver, " departing from Nootka
Sound, "surveyed the Straits of Fuca, circumnavi-
gated the island which bears his name, and then
returned to Nootka. Sir, Vancouver had never
seen Nootka Sound when he surveyed the Straits
of Fuca. He entered the straits on the 29th of
April, the evening of the day he met Captain Gray,
and proceeded immediately to survey them,as may
be seen by his Journal, vol. 2, pages 40 and 52.
He arrived at Nootka for the first time on the 28th
of August, four months afterwards—page 334,
same volume. This correction is only important
as repelling the inference which might have been
drawn from the fact, if it had been as stated by-
Mr. Pakenham, that Vancouver had been previ-
ously established at Nootka, and had departed
from it, as from a regular station, on a voyage of
exploration to the Straits of Fuca.
But there are more important errors to be cor-
rected.
While Vancouver was surveying the Strait of
Fuca, and the extensive inland waters connected
with it, G-aliano and Valdes, two Spanish officers,
sent out from Nootka Sound, were engaged in the
same service. The two parties met on the 22d of
June, about the middle of the strait, near Point
Grey, above Frazer's river, and proceeded to-
gether northerly, uniting their labors, and sur-
veying its shores to a point near the extremity of
the island of Quadra and Vancouver, between the
50th and the 51st degree of north latitude, where
they separated. And here I desire to call the special
attention of the Senate to the Journal of Vancouver,
who states that Senor Galiano, who spoke a little
English, informed him {t that they had arrived at
Nootka on the 11th of April, from whence they had
sailed on the 5th of this month," (June,) "in order
to complete the examination of this inlet, which
had, in the preceding year, been partly surveyed
by some Spanish officers, whose chart they pro-
duced." Observe, sir, the inlet (i. e. the Strait
of Fuca,) about latitude 50°, partly surveyed and
mapped a year before Vancouver came on the
coast, Vancouver then continues, (p 210, v. 2:)
u I cannot avoid acknowledging that, oni this oc-
4 casion, I experienced no small degree of mortifi-
* cation, in finding-the external shores of the gulf
