394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. IS
4 pears that a merchant vessel, called the Colum-
i bia, under a Captain Gray, discovered an inlet,
* which was supposed to be an inlet of a river. It
4 appears that, after some days, in the month of
' May, 1792, passed partly at anchor, and partly
' in endeavoring to ascertain the limits of thaf bay,
4 this vessel sailed out again into the Pacific ocean.
4 There is a very clear account given by Captain
4 Gray, the commander of that vessel, that, ' after
4 some days,' he says, * we thought wc had found
4 a channel, but found we were mistaken. There !
4 is no channel in the part which we endeavored to
4 penetrate, and therefore we must return.' Shoit-
4 ly after this, Captain Vancouver arrived on the
4 coast. He not only went into the same inlet, but
4 he sent his lieutenant—a Lieutenant Broughton— I
4 to discover the river, and to go in a boat to a dis-1
4 tance up the river. Lieutenant Broughton was j
4 more successful than Captain Gray. He actually !
4 discovered the entrance of the Columbia river. !
4 He went up it in his boat several days, to the dis- ;
£ tance, I think, of some 90 or 100 miles. He dis- I
4 covered the territory surioundmg it. It was '
4 agreed that the river should be called by the name 1
4 ol* Columbia, and Lieutenant Broughton returned !
4 to his ship. But Captain Vancouver took pos-
4 session of that river, the coast adjacent, and the
4 Nootka Sound, in the name of his Majesty the
4 King of England. (Hear, hear.) Then, sir, there
4 was something of valid title."
I confess it was with equal regret and surprise
that I read this statement of a transaction wluHi
luis become matter of history, and in respect to the
facts of which tlieie is no reasonable ground fur
serious misconception. I ha\e looked m vain for
the quotation Lord John Russell professes to make
ftom Captain Gray. There is no such statement
in the only account which I have seen given by the
latter of the discovery of the Columbia river—the
certified copy of his log in the State Department.
His lordship goes on to state that V ancou\ er shortly
after a i rived on the coast, and not only went into i
the inlet, hut sent in Lieutenant Broughton, "who 1
a<luaily discoveied the enhance U> the Columbia ■
river." Now, the Senate wiii observe that, in or- '
dtu* to sustain this most unauthorized assumption, 1
almost all the important farts relating to the dis- !
co\ cry of the Columbia river—facts shown by Van- :
couver's own Journal—are kept out of view: 1 he 1
meeting of Gray with Vancouver on the 29th !
-Apiil, 1792, five months previously, near the Strait :
of Kuea; the information given by Giray to the lat- !
ter of the discovery of the river, and of his ansae- i
cessful attempts to enter it; the ineiedulity of Van- i
couver, and his continued conviction that no such ;
river existed; the return of Gtay to the river, his ■
success in entering it; the arrival of Vancouver at 1
JNootka, where he obtained copies of Gray's charls j
left with (duadra, by the aid of winch, Vancouver j
w {is enabled to find the stream, and send up his lieu-!
tenant, Broughton, to explore it. 1 say, sir, all 1
these material facts are suppressed—1 trust not m-;
tentionaliy—to sustain the unfounded assumption !
that Broughton was the discoverer of the Columbia. '
But it is worthy of remark that Mr. Falconer, a ,
respectable British writer, who has recently pub-
lished a pamphi'-t on Oregon, and who wrote about
the time Lord John Russell spoke, odmits that
Grnv was the ih'st person who noticed the Colum-
bia river after Hex eta, and concedes the discovery
to the latter. Happily the historical fads are too
well authenticated to be permanently misunder-
stood. They were so well known at the time, that
even the rivalry—not to say the detraction—of the
day conceded to Giay the merit of the discovery
by designating the river by the name he gave it—
the name of the vessel that fust entered Us waters.
Til regard to die attempt to restrict Gray's discov-
ery to the bay or mouth of the river, it is only ne-
cessary to say that the settlement at Astoria is uni-
versally admitted to be on the Columbia river. Is
it not so, sjr? It is designated " the settlement on
the Columbia river,5' in the despatch of Earl Ba-
thurst directing it to be restored to us in 18] 8, as
well as m the act of restoration. Now, sir, Cap-
tain Gray ascendcd the river not only as high as
Astoria, which is ten miles from the Pacific ocean,
but at least six miles above it, according to Brough-
ton himself. Look at the map of Oregon on your
table, by Captain Wilkes, and you will find Gray's
bay, so named by Broughton, (see Vancouver's
Journal, vol. 3, page 92,) on the north side of the
Columbia and higher up than Astoria. According
to Gray's own log, he anchored, the day he discov-
ered and entered the river, ten miles above the en-
trance, and three days alter he sailed twelve or fif-
teen miles higher up. He must, therefore, have
been from six to fifteen miles above the site of the
settlement at Astoria. What, then, bccomes of
the attempt of Broughton, revived by British states-
men, not negotiators, (110 negotiator at this day
would so risk his reputation,) to restrict Gray's
discovery to the mouth of the stream!
Lord John Russell's statement is equally erro-
neous in other particulars-—-erroneous in saying
that Vancouver entered the Columbia, or the inlet—
erroneous m saying that he took possession of
Nootka Sound. His vessel, the Discovery, did
not pass the bar at the mouth of the Columbia
river; he did not take possession of Nootka; Qua-
dra refused to make a formal surrender of anything
but Meares's cove, which lie would not accept; and
the formality of taking possession of the Columbia
river was performed by Broughton, after Vancou-
ver had left the coast, much in the same way as it
had been done ten years before by the Spaniards,
who were the first discoverers and explorers of the
country. 1 repeat, and 1 say it with regret, that
be hoped that the better feeling which now exists
between the two countries may continue unabated.,
and lead to a settlement of the question on terms
honorable to both.
I feel that I owe an apology to the Senate for
this long digression. I trust it will be found in
the consideration, that the inaccuracies I hare en-
deavored to point out did not go to the world with
the mere weight of an ordinary legislative debate,
but with all 8ie evidences of deliberation and- ar-
rangement; and, therefore, calculated to be more
dangerous in propagating error.
It was now throe o'clock, and Mr. D. gave way
to a motion of
Mr. SEVIER, tlmt the Senate adjourn.
The Senate accordingly adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 18, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part, and
(the further reading having been dispensed with)
was approved.
.. The SPEAKER announced that the business
besides the errors in point of fort, 1 lie leading and ij first ;n or<ior would be the call of the committees
material circunmtaiic.es connected with the discov- j
cry of the Columbia river are kept out of view. 1 I
do not expect British statesmen to produce argu- j
mcnts in favor of the American title; but when j
they undertake to refer to historical fiicts, resting
on their own authorities, and m their own posses-
sion, they are bound to state them with accuracy.
Sir, we may excuse illogical deductions from ad- i
mittcd data; am: nuy look with indulgence on dii-
feretiees of opinion in regard to the same facts, '>
knowing, aw we do, our liability to bo biased by
prejudice or by too partial views ot" personal 01* I
national interest. Hut foran omission of essential
cireuiiislaiii-es in the discussion of an important j
national question—a discusion entered upon volun- II
tarily for the purpose of enlightening the public II
mmd of a nation—thcic can be no apology, even Ij
though it, arise from a want of a sufficiently careful i
examination of the subject. Oil the Oregon qucs- ;
(ion it is well known that great excitement existed ;
at the time m Great Britain and the United States •
—an excitement which exists still, though happily
somewhat abated—an excitement which needs, 1
perhaps, but little provocation to break out into i
open hostilities; and no man, who appreciates as \
he ousht the calamity of an interruption of the ■
, amicable relations which exist between us, should j
I be willing to incur the responsibility of misleading I
the public judgment of either country; or if he docs I
misdirect it, he should at least have the consola- |
tion of reflecting that, it was through erroneous de- j
ductions, and not a misstatement of facts fairly '
within his knowledge.
The misrepresentations to which I have alluded
are the more to be regretted, for the reason, if I
do not eit, that they constitute almost the only
views of the subject which reach the great mass I
of the British people, in this country, statements |
of both sides of great national questions are equally j
diffused. Look at. our newspapers, and they will I
be found filled with the diplomatic correspondence
betweenj the British and American Plenipoten-
tiaries. The letters of Mr. Pakenhnm are pub-
lished with those of Mr. Calhoun and Mr. Bu-
chanan, and are as widely circulated. All read, j
compare, and judge them. It is not so in Great
l',rji;uii. As a general rule, the British side of the i
question only is presented to the British public, j
iNor is it the official argument of the Government, j
drawn up by the diplomatist, under a sense of his
responsibility to the criticism of other nations, and
i the gcneial judgment of mankind. No, sir. It is
|! more frequently the "tirade" of the politician, by
1 which the public mind of Great Britain is made to
i! pronounce judgment upon great questions of inter-'
jj national right and duty.
1 These misrepresentations are still more to be
■ l regretted, because they constitute the basis of the
statements which find their way to the continent.
Through Gahinam's Messenger, the echo of the
British press, they are translated into French, and
widely circulated, poisoning the whole public mmd
of the continent, and exciting prejudice against
us.
I will only add, that the Earl of Aberdeen in one
house, and Sir Robert Peel in the other, adverted
j to these statements in a manner which, though
j not altogether unexceptionable, was in general
> dignified and statesmanlike; and it is earnestly to
for reports.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. GROVER rose, he said, to a privileged
question. He moved to reconsider the vote by
which the following resolution had yesterday been
adopted:
"Resolve il, That the reporters of the public papers
who have seats assigned them on the floor of the
House of Representatives by the Speaker, be fur-
nished with one copy each of such printed papers,
bills, and documents, as are laid on the desks of tlie
members."
Mr. G. was willing, he said, that the motion to
reconsider should be postponed for the present,
and in the, mean time he would ask leave to offer
a resolution.
Mr. WENTWORTH said the resolution was
not before the House, but he wished it read for
information.
The SPEAKER said the first question would
be on the motion to postpone the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. GROVER said, his object was to postpone
the consideration of that motion, but in the mean
time to have the resolution which he had sent to
the Chair read and adopted.
The resolution was then read for information,
as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be in-
structed to inquire and report, as soon as practica-
; ble, what will be the probable cost of carrying into
1 ellect the resolution adopted yesterday relative to
furnishing the reporters of the public papers with
bills, documents, &c.; how many such reporters
there are in this House; whether they will be en-
titled under said resolution to documents already
printed, and whether it will be necessary to print
hereafter an extra number, or the number to be
furnished to the reporters will be subtracted from
I those otherwise distributed among the members;
and further, whether said resolution will give to
the reporters the reports, documents, <&c., when
bound.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose and objected.
Mr. GROVER again explained what his object
was.
Mr. ASHMUN rose and objected to the intro-
duction of the resolution.
The SPEAKER said the resolution could not be
offered pending the motion to postpone the motion
to reconsider. Therefore the gentleman could not
object.
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH inquired whether it
was in order to move to lay on the table the mo-
tion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER said, not whilst the motion to
postpone was pending.
A brief conversation followed on the point of
order between Mr. Smitii and the Speaker.
Mr. G. S.HOUSTON" suggested to Mr. Groves.
that he should consent to have the motion to re-
consider decided now. The gentleman could ac-
complish everything he desired by that course. He
could then bring his resolution before the House,
and let it lie over until the Clerk shall have fur-
nished the information called for. He presumed
