1840.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
that the House would have no objection to the re-
consideration; leaving; the resolution of the gentle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] before the
House, where it could be readoptcd, if the House,
after receiving the report of the Clerk, should think
its readoption necessary and proper.
Mr. GROVER was willing to accept the sugges-
tion, (he said,) if he could, in that way, accom-
plish the object, he had in view.
The SPEAKER. The question, then, will be on
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the res-
olution of yesterday was adopted.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to lay that motion on
the table.
And the question was taken, and decided in the
negative, without a division.
So the motion was not laid on the table.
The question then recurred, and was taken, on
the motion to reconsider; and it was decided in the
affirmative.
So the vote was reconsidered.
Mr. (iROVER then asked and obtained leave to
offer his resolution; and it was adopted.
The SPEAKER was proceeding to call the com-
mittees for reports—
< Mr. HAMLIN asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the use of this Hall be granted to
the use of the Congressional Temperance Society
on Thursday evening of next week.
Objection being made—
Mr. H. moved that the rales of the House be
suspended, and asked the yeas and nays, on which
demand no quorum voted.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON desired to be informed
by the Chair what had become of his motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
The SPEAKER said he did not understand the
gentleman as pressing it.
Mr. HOUSTON said he certainly had desired
to do so, but supposed that he could not press it
over the head of a privileged question.
The SPEAKER said he was under the impres-
sion that the motion had been withdrawn.
Mr. HOUSTON said he had not withdrawn it.
The SPEAKER said the first question would
now be on the motion of the gentleman fiom
Maine, [Mr. Hamlin*.]
The yeas and nays were then ordered; and, be-
ing taken, were—yeas 86, nays 62.
So, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended, and the resolution was
not received.
Mr. HARALSON renewed the motion of Mr.
G. S. Hotistox', that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
but withdrew it at the request of Mr. Douglass
and other members.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call for reports
from committees.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the bid from the Senate en-
titled " An act for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Pierre Menard, Josiah T. Belts, Ja-
cob Sherman, and Edmund Roberts, of the State
of Illinois, sureties of Felix St. Yram, late In-
dian agent, deceased,'*' reported the same, with an
amendment, accompanied by a report in writing:
Ordered, That the said bill be committed.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON, from the Commit-
tee on Territories, to which was referred the bill
to protect the rights of American settlers in the
territory of Oregon, until the termination of the
joint occupation of the same, reported an amenda-
tory bill.
Mr. DOUGLASS, on behalf of himself and Mr.
PRICE* made a minority report.
Both reports were committed to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. SEAMAN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made a report upon the case
of Lewis Mattison, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which bill was read twice, and committed.
Mr. GOODYEAR, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, made an adverse report upon the
petition of Amelia Baldwin, widow of Alfred Bald-
win; which report was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL,
Ordered, That the Committee on Foieign Affairs
be discharged from the consideration of the peti-
tion of George Brown, relative to his mission to the
Sandwich Islands, and of citizens of the State of
New Jersey, for the independence of the colony of
Liberia; which petitions were laid upon the tabic.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, made an adverse leport upon
the case of H. Gold Rogers; which report was laid
upon the table.
Mr. SEDDON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made a report upon the case of John
Petter, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
bill was read twice, and committed.
Mr. S., from the same committee, made adverse
reports upon the petitions of Benjamin Keilin,
John L. Watson, Susannah Langreen, and JameS
| Campbell; which reports were laid upon the table.
I Mr. McHENRY, from the Committee for the
| District of Columbia, to which was referred the
, petition upon the subject, reported a bill to incor-
j porate the Washington Mutual Fire Insurance
j Company; which was read twice, and committed.
; On motion of Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON,
; Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
i Claims be discharged from the consideration of the
, petition of Eleazer Blake, and that it be laid upon
j the table.
j Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on Pub-
! he Lands, to which was referred the bill to grant
to the State of Illinois a light of way through the
I public lands of the United States, and for other
■ purposes, reported the same, without amendment,
j accompanied by a report in writing.
! Ordered, That the said bill be committed.
| Mr. T. SMITH", from the Committee on Public
j Lands, to which was referred the bill to nttach to
:; the Fort Wayne land dish ict certain tracts of land
!j lying within the limits of that district which are
]' not. now attached to any district, reported the same,
II with an amendment; which was concurred in, and
II the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read a
; third time to-day; the said lull being engrossed,
, was read a third time, and passed.
jj On motion of Mr. DANIEL,
|i Ordered, That the remaining papers relating to
: the claims of Joseph Knock, upon the files of the
,i House, be taken therefrom, and referred to the
jj Committee of Chums.
11 Mr. BIGGS, from the Committee on the Judi-
!; ciarv, made an adverse repoitupon the case of Sa-
rah 1>. VI. Stith, widow of John Stith; which was
laid upon the tabic.
Mr. JOHN P. MARTIN, from the Committee
i| on Mileage, reported the following bill:
11 A BtLL relative to the iinlent?o of members of Congress.
Be it cnucteil by the Sen.tie <in<l of Representatives of
the United Stiitcs of .'ime-riat, in (.'oiigrcbs uMmblai ^ That,
aftei the close of tin pie^enl sev am of the twenty-ninth
Oon<rn>s, the pay for inileaiie of memU r> oi Conines shnll
foe as follows*, to wit- Por iweiv tuentv miles between the
icsidence of each member and the eapitol, the sum ot' eisjht
dollar*., the distance l<> he computed by the ueaiest in.til-
route by hind; and thnt c urh meinhoi, hri'oie he s-dull ie-
j ceivo hi* pay, shall d'-puHte a wntten certificate with the
proper ofheer lor paying said money that lie has actually
I j travelled at least s;ud distance.
i! See. 2. Jlnd be it Jurther evicted, That members living
jj over twelve hundred nnlesfiom the enpitol shall leceive at
jj the rate of ten dnlltus per hundred miles for any distance
j, exceeding said twelve bundled mile-*, and no moic.
ji The bill having been read twice,
![ Mr. MARTI jST, observing that it made no ap-
j| propriaiion, and did not, therefore, require com-
j S mil.ment, moved that the bill be put on its third
i, reading.
;j Mr. THOMAS SMITH moved the, reference
j' of the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
j| state of the Union.
Mr. MARTIN" urgently opposed the motion.
[. He suggested that, if it prevailed, it would be al-
j! together uncertain whether the hill would be taken
ij up at the present session of Congress. -It was an
i, important measure. If adopted, it would, in con-
• i nexion with another bill which he intended to re-
, port, cutting down the constructive jnileage of Sen-
j, ators, save to the Government, during the exist-
ence of the present Administration, the sum of
!' $*250,000. The Democratic party was in the ma-
jority in this House. It was responsible to the
i'country for the measures that might be adopted,
jj He believed, if the bill was passed, it would do
I'mueh good: for it would demonstrate that re-
! trenchment had commenced, where it properly
! ought to commence, m this body,
I He asked the yeas and nays on the motion to
1 commit; which were ordered.
J Mr. THOMAS SMITH said, if the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Martin] wished that the bill
should take another direction, he (Mr. S.) was
willing to withdraw his motion to commit.
But'Mr. TIBBATTS renewed it.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Gtuincy Adams,
Ashmun, Bayly, Benton, Blanchard, BnnkerhofF,
Brockenbrough, Brodhead, William G. Brown,
Burt, William W. Campbell, Cathcart, John G.
Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Collamer, Culver, Cun-
ningham, Garrett Davis, Dockcry, Erdman, John
H. Ewing, Ficklin, Foot, Giddmgs, Graham,
Hampton, Haralson. Harper, Milliard, Hoge,
John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson,
Charles J. Ingersoli, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins,
Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Seaborn Jones,
Kennedy, Levin, McClelland, McDowell, Mc-
Gaughey, McRenrv, Mclivame, Marsh, Morse,
Moseley, Owen, Parish, Pendleton, Pernll, Pettit,
Phelps, Price, Ramsey, Relte, Roberta, Julius
Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Sawyer,
Scammon, Seddon, Leonard H. Sims, Simp-
son, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Ste-
phens, St. John, Strohm, Benjamin Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Toombs, Tredway,
Vinton, Wentworth, Wick, Winthrop, Wood-
ward, Wright, Yancev, and Yell—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Barringer, Bedinger, Bell,
Biggs, Boyd, Milton Brown, Buffington, JohnH.
Campbell, Cobb, Cocke, Collin, Cranston, Cro-
zier, Cummins, De Mott, Dillingham, Dixon,
Dobbin, Dunlan, Edsall, EUswoith, Faun, Gar-
vin, Gentry, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Grinnell,
Grover, Hamlin, Henley, Herrick, Ehas B.
Holmes, George S. Houston, Edmund W. Hub-
ard, Hungerford, James H . Johnson, George W.
Jones, Daniel P. King, Lawience, Leake, Lejb,
Lewis, Lumpkin, McClernand, McConnell, Mc-
Crate, McKay, John P. Martin, Barclay Marlm,
Morris, Moulton, Niven, Norns, Ucid, Uitter,
Russell, Alexander D. Sims, Truman Smith,
Starkweather, JnmesThompson,Thurman,Truin-
bo, Vance, White, Williams, Wilmot, Wood,
Youn^, and Yo&t—70.
So the bill -was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HENLEY inquired whether it would now
be m order to move that the bill be made the spe-
cial order.
[Voices. Say for the 4th of July.]
The SPEAKER said that the bill had now pass-
ed from before the House, and that the motion for
a special order ought to have been made a part of
the motion to commit.
Mr. HENLEY suggested that it was the prac-
tice of the House to make special orders at any
time.
The SPEAKER thought it had been the univer-
sal practice, when a motion was made to commit,
to move simultaneously (when it was desired) to
make the bill the special order. The Chair thought
the bill had now passed fiom before the House,
and that it cc.uld be reached only by a vote to re-
consider.
Mi - GEO. S. HOUSTON inquhed whether the
committees hod been called through.
The SPEAKER assented.
Whereupon, on motion of Mr. McKAY, the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bowlin, of Mis-
souri, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the bill making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian Department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the vari-
ous Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30th,
1847.
The reading of the bill by sections was conclu-
ded without any amendment (other than those here-
tofore noticed) having been offered.
Mr. CULVER, directing back the attention of
the committee to the various items of appropria-
tion for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Creek
and Seminole Indians, with information from the
Chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. McKay,] in relation to certain objects of ap-
propriation under the treaty of January 4th, 1845,
Mr. McKAY invited the gentleman to examine
the treaty for himself (which he handed to him.)
After some conversation,
Mr. CULVER offered an amendment, which,
having been subsequently modified, read finally as
follows:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
