396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
construed to authorize the payment of any moneys
under the treaty with the Creek and Seminole In-
dians, of the 4th of January, 1845, stipulated to be
paid m consideration of any claim for fugitive
slaves, or for moneys heretofore paid for fugitive
slaves. °
[The committee rose informally, and the Speak-
er resumed the chair for the purpose of receiving
A message from the Senate by A. Dickens, Esq ,
Secretary, informing the House of the passage of
certain bills. ^
And a message in writing from the President of
the United States, by the hands of J. K, Walker.
Esq., his private Secretary.] '
The Chairman then resumed his seat in commit-
tee.
Mr. HARALSON inquired of Mr. Cdlyer,
whether by his amendment he proposed to reoeal
the treaty? r
Mr. CULVER said they did not cut quite so
strong as that, at his end of the Union.
Mr. HARALSON" said the bill merely provided
for the payment of moneys stipulated by treaty.
Mr. CULVER said he supposed it was compe-
tent for the House to judge whether money should
be paid for illegal items or not.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON invited Mr. Culver to
point out that part of the treaty which included, or
spoke of, fugitive slaves, if there was anything of
the kind in it.
Mr. CULVER said that the gentleman [Mr.
McKay] had been so impatient to get the treaty
back into his own hands that he (Mr. C.) had not
had time to examine its provisions.
Mr. McKAY said that if the gentleman would
turn towages 32 and 33 of the bill, he would find
the various articles of the treaty referred to, show-
ing the several ob)ects of appropriation. There
was nothing about fugitive slaves.
Some further conversation followed, in which
Messrs. CULVER, McKAY, and G. S. HOUS-
TON, participated.
Mr. GIDDINGS called upon any member to lay
his hand, if he could, upon the consideration for
which the House was callcd upon to vote $205,000.
Gentlemen knew nothing at all about the treaty; it :
had never been printed; it had, in fact, been kept
secret from the members of the House, and, with
the exception of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and three other gentlemen who
had had access to the intelligence, no one knew any-
thing about it. Every cent of this money, he con-
tended, was appropriated in consequence of contro-
versies about fugitive slaves. The treaty of 1845
had its origin on that ground. To sustain his as-
sertion, Mr. G. adverted to the origin of the Flo-
rida war, and went into an argument to show that
there was no power under the Constitution of the
United States to tax the people of the North for the
purpose of sustaining the slave institutions of the
South.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON desired to be inform-
ed why this discussion should be gone into, unless
the gentleman could first show that some portion
of the money appropriated by the bill was intend-
ed for such a purpose ?
Mr. GIDDINGS said he had stated that cverv
cent under the treaty of 1845 was appropriated in
consequence of controversies about fugitive slaves.
Mr. THOMPSON said the gentleman had not
shown that any portion of this appropriation went
for that object.
Mr. GIDDINGS .said every cent of it did; be-
cause the treaty had had its origin in that diffi-
culty.
Mr. TIBBATTS inquired of Mr. Giddings
whether he [Mr. G.] had not acted as an attor-
ney for a gentleman who was in pursuit of fugitive
slaves in Ohio ?
Mr. GIDDINGS said he thanked God he never
had acted and never should act so while he lived.
Let him be slandered in any way under heaven
but that. He had never yet loved his fee so well
as to sacrifice for its sake his feelings of humanity.
Mr. G., continuing his constitutional argument,
referred to the great weight which this question
was destined to have in future elections in the State
of Ohio. This called up
Mr. SAWYER, who said that, before his col-
league entered upon any tirade of this kind, he
should prove that such a state of things as he had
stated to exist did exist. He (Mr. S.) denied it.
He avowed that the appropriation was not for any
such object as his colleague asserted. If it was,
let him show it, and the information should govern
his (Mr. S. s) vote.
Mr. GIDDINGS felt humbled, he said, at the
Kiea of a representative of the great and gallant
otate of Ohio praying information in relation to an
appropriation like this on which he was called upon
to give his vote.
Mr. G. also asserted that two of the representa-
tives from the State of Indiana had been defeated
at the last election solely on this question, because
the people regarded them as failing to maintain the
constitutional rights of their own States.
This declaration called up
Mr. CATHCART, who said that he happened
to be one of those who was elected to follow m the
steps of one of those gentlemen who had been left
at home; and he could say that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Giddings] was mistaken in the reason
he had assigned for the detention at home of his
(Mr. C.'s) predecessor. The simple reason was,
because lie sided a little too fur with the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.]
Mr. GIDDINGS was understood to say, proba-
bly the gentleman was correct. He (Mr. G.) had
only his [Mr. C.'s] predecessor's word for it.
Mr. G. finally urged, that when the bill came
into the House, the yens and nays should be taken,
that the record mi<rht show how everv member
hnd voted.
Mr. McKAY had but a single word to say on
behalf of the Committee of Ways and Means.
This bill proposed appropriations to meet the cur-
rent expenses of the Indian Department, and for
the fulfilment of the treaties made with the various
Indian tribes of our country at various times, from
the organization of our Government in 1789, down
to January 7th, 1845. Now, all that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Alcana concehed to be its duty>
when asked to report a bill for these appropria-
tions^ which estimates were furnished them, was,
to ascertain whether or not these estimates of ap-
propriations were in conformity with existing trea-
ties; and finding them to be so, the Committee of
Ways and Means did not, by any means, feel it
to bo its duty to go back behind the treaties, to ex-
amine the considerations which induced the parties
to enter into them. The considerations presented
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddinos] might,
perhaps, have been addressed with some proprie-
ty—-at least by him, entertaining the views he did,
having a great sympathy with everything that per-
tained to this subject—to the Senate of the United
States, when the treaty was before it; but here they
were wholly inappropriate. The treaty has been
made by that bianch of the Government entrusted
with the treaty-making power; it has been ratified,
and, by virtue of the Constitution, it has become
the supreme law of the land. The amendment of
the gentleman from New York had reference to
the treaty of 1845; and the whole speech of the
gentleman from Ohio was predicated upon it.
Now, in that treaty, there was not one single word
in regard to fugitive slaves. Thfc gentleman wished
the yeas and nays on the bill. He (Mr. McK.)
hoped he would have them; and he would ask any
member of this com mittee, belonging to what party
he may, entertaining what fanatical notions he
may upon the subject of slavery, after a treaty has
been made with a poor, dependant tribe of Indians,
how, on what grounds of reason or of justice, he
could vote against making the appropriation ne-
cessary to carry out that treaty ? He held that
the House of Representatives has the power to
withhold supplies, even when called for under
treaty. He held that grand conservative principle;
and if a case were made out, he would vote to with-
hold supplies in case of a treaty with a great na-
tion; but he asked if there was any man—even the
gentleman from Ohio, who had such a sympathy
with the negroes (and he supposed he might ex-
tend some measure of it to the Indians, whose col-
or approximated to theirs)—was there any man
here who had proper feelings, a proper heart, who
would refuse to vote money which your Govern-
ment, the President and Senate, the treaty-making
power, had agreed to pay a poor defenceless tribe
of Indians, who, by the very Constitution of our
country, are made one of the wards of the Gov-
ernment—who are in a state of pupilage to you?
Yet the gentleman stands here, and says he will
resist this appropriation of money proposed to be
made to tins poor, dependent, much-neglected,
much abused race of men. That doctrine on the
part of the gentleman is monstrous.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he went not one step be-
hind the gentleman from North Carolina in point
of sympathy; but if we had a President and Sen-
ate—a treaty-making power—who would employ
these poor Indians to catch these fugitive slaves—
if the Indian, savage as they were, had no more
humanity than to become slave-catchers—if the
Seminole Indians, who had never seen daylight, he
was about to say—out of the everglades of Flori-
da, had no more moral rectitude than to become
the vile catchers of slaves—why, he would not
pay them for it. Above all, if we had a President
who would employ such men in violation of the
Constitution—if we had a treaty-making power so
reckless of their duty, so regardless of the obliga-
tions which they owe to the imperative, supreme
power of the land, thnn to agree to and confirm a
treaty which made his (Mr. G.'s) constituents pay
a tribe of Indians for catching southern slaves, he
said distinctly, he would not become a participator
in this outrage upon the Constitution.
Mr. G. was further proceeding in his general re-
marks, and in arguing the constitutional question
that Congress had no right to appropriate the peo-
ple's money for the purpose of payment for re-
claiming fugitive slaves, when—
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON rose and object-
ed, as the gentleman had spoken once, to his fur-
ther proceeding, raising his point of order on the
30th rule, which declares that—
"No member shall speak more than once to the
* same question without leave of the House, un-
(less he be the mover, proposer, or introducer of
' the mutter pending; in which case, he shall be
4 permitted to speak in reply, but not until every
' member choosing to speak shall have spoken.*'
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order,
and decided that Mr. Giddings was not in order.
Mr. McDOWELL said he would like to know
of his colleague [Mr. Giddings] whether or not
he had the facts in his possession to establish the
truth of his assertion, that this appropriation by
the treaty was to pay Indians for catching negro
slaves.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he had not them in his
possession; they were in the archives of the Gov-
ernment, where the gentleman could see them by
applying for them. They were marked in the ar-
chives of the nation, where they would descend to
all time, proclaiming, in thunder-tones, the disgrace
of the nation.
Mr. McDOWELL. The gentleman does not
answer my question. He understood the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, who
is thoroughly conversant with the bill, to say that
he found nothing of that kind in it. Now, if his
colleague, after a speech of one hour upon this
alleged object of the oill, had the documents or the
facts to snow that any appropriation was asked
for in it to pay the Indians for catching negroes,
he (Mr. McD.) wanted him to produce it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. If the House will give me
leave, I willgo and send up the documents at once.
Mr. McDOWELL resumed. Before his mo-
tives were to be impugned for a vote which he
should give in this body on a subject of this kind,
he wanted the gentleman to produce evidence, un-
equivocal and fair, to sustain him in his charges.
He knew the object of his colleague. This was
the third winter lie had been on this floor, and had
heard speeches similar in character from him; and
he now desired to have the precise facts before
him upon which his colleague's speeches were
based. He did not wish his constituents, and the
people of Ohio, to suppose he was acting with his
eyes open upon a subject of this kind, and voting
appropriations for the purpose alleged by his col-
league; but he wished them distinctly to under-
stand that there had been no evidence produced to
sustain these charges.
If the gentleman's conscience had become so ex-
ceedingly tender upon this point, it might, perhaps,
become him to examine the archives of the Gov-
ernment in relation to the land on which he now
lives, and to ascertain whether the Indians had
been paid the full value of it. If they had not
been, he hoped his colleague, with all his favor for
the negroes, would at once go for disgorging that
which we have got from, the Indians. If he had
to travel behind treaties to do it, it might be done
equally as well as what the gentleman now pro-
posed. But, unfortunately, the gentleman had
failed to produce the evidence of the facts which
he alleged.
