398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
This was the only article in the treaty of Payne's
Landing which referred at all to fugitive slaves, and
was the only provision for slaves stolen or other-
wise from Florida, Georgia, or, the Creeks; and the
United States was bound to pay no more. It was
not an article continuing in its character, which re-
quired this Government to appropriate money every
year for that purpose; but it was a short and spe-
cific article; and all claims (if any had arisen) un-
der it had probably been settled long since, as the
objcct of the clause of the treaty was to provide for
the removal of the Seminoles to their new homes,
without embarrassment. No appropriation of this
kind was in the bill now before the committee: it
must have been paid long ago, if paid at all. There
was not one word in the treaty of Payne's Land-
ing, in the treaty of 1845, or m the bill before the
committee, proposing an appropriation for the pay-
ment for fugitive slaves.
Mr. COBB demanded tellers on the amendment,
which were ordered.
And the question being taken, (after some delay
for want of a quorum,) the amendment was re-
jected—ayes 16, noes 99.
Mr. SAWYER mored an amendment, to strike
out the 730th, 731st, and 732d lines, providing " for |
the support of a blacksmith and assistant" among ]
the Wyandottes. !
Mr. McKAY objected to going back to amend ;
the sections of the bill which had been passed :
over.
The CHAIPJVIAN decided that the amendment
was not now in order.
Mr. SAWYER expressed the hope that lie
should be allowed to offer it in the House, in order
that a vote might be had upon it.
Mr. IIARlLSON moved to lay aside the bill,
for the purpose of taking up the bill providing for
the raising two regiments of mounted riflemen.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON wished to return to
an item of the bill, to conect what he believed to be
a mistake. 1 Xe wished some information upon the
bill, (it all events, and he wished to call the atten-
tion <>f the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to the, 543d line. which appropriated
for limited annuity" to the Pottawatomie,-! of the
Prairie $15,000; and to the fact th.it, for this same
annuity last year only fifteen hundred dollars was
appropriated.
Mr. McKAY said the gentleman was mistaken
altogether as to the amount of appropriation last
year; and he lead from the treaty, showing that
the same annuity of $15,000, included in this bill,
was provided for by the treaty.
Rome further conversation followed between Mr.
THOMPSON and Mr. McKAY on this point,
which cave rise to some merriment.
Mr. THOMPSON (still retaining the floor) said j
he wished to call the attention of the committee to ;
this lull, because it proposed a very largo appro- <
priation, and because it involved the policy of this ;
Government on this subject of the i emulation of |
our Indian affairs, and fuiiher, because some faets |
were exhibited m it of a startling character. What- J
ever was in the treaty ought to be paid, and he j
should vote for it. The amount of this bill was |
something like £1,<200,000. He did not know that 1
there was a single item in it against which he could !
in good conscience vote; on the contrary ho should |
vote for the bill, and he felt it to be his duty to do j
so. But there woe some provisions of the bill to !
which he thought the attention <">f the House should !
be called. Some of these annuities to the Indians
had arisen from tone to time until wc were now j
forced, under our treaty stipulations, to make these
large appropriations, the consequence of which, :
when they grew large enough to support them,
was to take away from them all incentive to indus-
try and to activity. These tribes were decaying,
and many of them had grown very small; and yet
the amount paid to them remained the same—an
amount which, compared with the number of In-
dians composing some of the tribes, in his opinion,
would startle gentlemen. We appropriated, for
instance, to the Miamies, numbering; 650 Indians,
between $65,000 and $00,000—a sufficient amount
to defray the expenses of many of the State Gov-
ernments. Well, under our treaty stipulations,
we pay this amount; we cannot avoid it; but the
great inquiry arises, when is thus to stop? They
are decaying annually. Suppose this tribe came
down to 225 or 325: were we still to pay this same
amount? The question, then, necessarily came
home to the committee, What system is to be
adopted by which this matter cm wind itself up ?
Now, he intended to move a resolution as soon as
he could get an opportunity, (and he wished, in
these remarks, to explain the necessity for that re-
solution,) calling upon the Secretary of War to
report the amount paid to these tribes, their num-
bers when the treaties were first made with them,
and their present numbers, and, without express-
ing an opinion, he wished to throw out the sug-
gestion to the committee, Will it not bo just and
right in itself that these annuities should diminish
as the tribes go to decay?
Mr. T. proceeded to refer to several other tribes,
giving their numbers, and the nnnmiies received by
them, (as provided for in this biU for the present
year.) The Iowas were 470 in number, and re-
ceived an annuity of $7,875; the Kickapoos 570,
received $5,000; the Pottnwatomios of Huron 100,
received §400. At what point (he asked) would
they cease to be die Pottawatomies of I luron? As
long as one man of them remains? And was this
annuity to last forever? The Weas 17G men, re-
ceived §3,000; the Winnebagoes 4,500, received
$92,860; the Piankeshaww receive $800; the
(iuapaws 247, receive $4,000; and there were oth-
ers which he would not tead.
He had not one word to say against this bill.
He believed theie was not one clause m H which
he could not sanctum. But at the .same time it be-
hooved Congiess, it behoo\ ed the country to ascer-
tain whether we could not look to a period when
this thing should cease; and for that, purpose he
intended to offer the resolution, in order to bring
the subject before the House.
One word Anther. These annuities, although
paid in good faith to the Indians, and intended for
their benefit, he believed kept a large horde of spec-
ulators and traders m that nation, and much of
them did not go to benefit these Indians. The
Chtckasaws, numbering between four and Ave
thousand Indians, had an investment by which
they receive something like seventy-live or eighty
thousand dollar-- per annum—a perpetual annuity;
and yet their agent complains that while they art!
receiving- such an annutiy, they are fast decaying
and wasting- away. And the question came up
whether Congress could not so direct, the expendi-
ture of their money as to improve them; that it.
may not go into the hands of traders who destroy
them with liquor, and who cheat them by charging
them enormous piiees for their goods, but go and
be applied to the benefit of the Indians.
Mr. WHITE, of New York, offered the follow-
ing amendment to add at the end of the bill:
kt That the Winnebago Indians have the right
and privilege of conducting their own business in
their own way, without any obstruction by the
Indian agents, sub-agents, or other officers of the
Government, and that they be allowed to employ
such preachers, schoolmasters, farmers, mechanics,
and artisans, as are provided in the several trea-
ties with said Winnebago Indians, in such mannci
as the chiefs of scud tribes may decide; and also,
that the interest due and to become due on the
amounts stipulated to be secured to the half-breeds
of said tribe be paid to said half-breeds regularly
every year, according to said stipulations in the
said tieaties contained."
A motion was made that the committee rise, and
; was rejected.
| Mr. McKAY said he hoped the. House would
1 not agree to the amendment of the gentleman from
- New Yoik. It was attempting legislation m their
appropriation bills which, although he admitted
i might be proper in some cases, in this otight at
i least to have undergone the examination of some
^ committee of the House before it was agreed to.
i As he understood the reading of it, there was
, not the slightest necessity for it. It was not pre
; tended that there was any provision m our laws
| authorizing the agent among the Winnebago In-
i dians to interfere with their government. No agent
• had the least right to interfere with the internal
I police of the Indian tribes.
One or two remarks in reference to what had
fallen from his friend from Mississippi, [Mr.
Thompson-.] He regretted that his friend had
thought it his duty to make them. It would be
recollected by the House that the gentleman is
chairman of the Committee on Indian AlFairs,and
that this whole subject of our regulation with the
Indian tribes is entrusted to that committee. If.
then, the gentleman, as an individual, as a mem-
ber of this House, and as a member of this com-
mittee, was satisfied that there was anything at
all improper in the regulation of these -Indian
tribes, why had he not reported a bill for the cor-
rection and reform needed ? The whole subject
was entrusted to him; and yet they had no meas-
ure at all emanating from him, the object of which
was to correct and to remedy this mischievous le-
gislation.
But the gentleman called the attention of the
committee to the astounding fact, that the Mi-
amies, including the Eel Rivers, receive about
$66,000; and he tells you that the effect of this
large payment is to relax their energies, and cre-
ate1" habits of indolence and inactivity. What rem-
edy lias he gravely proposed for this, standing
here as chairman of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, and as a member of this House? What
remedy does he propose? Why, in substance,
that we should repudiate; that we should grad-
ually reduce these appropriations paid to these
poor Indians time after time by your own public
policy ; and the remedy was that we should break
the faith of the Government.
Mr. THOMPSON. I proposed no sueh thing.
Mr. McKAY. What then?
Mr. THOMPSON said he had remarked ex-
pressly that he considered it our duty to make
these appropriations; and still that there was ano-
ther matter winch deserved the attention of Con-
gress, and he had thrown out this suggestion for
the purpose of obtaining the opinion of the honor-
able c.hairmain of the Committee of Ways and
Means, for whoso judgment he always had great
regard. He desired to know what can be done.
No proposition had been brought forward by the
Secretary of War, or from any source. At some
point we must stop; permanent annuities should
cease at some time. Whatever we had done or
bound ourselves to by treaty stipulations, he was
willing to abide by; but was there never to be
an end of this thing?
Mr. McKAY, resuming, said he had, it was
true, understood the gentleman to say that he
would vote for this hill; but surety all understood
him (or there could be no objcct m his remarks)
that he suggested to them whether it was not
proper to devise some means by which these an-
nuities can in future be diminished. He admitted
the gentleman did not say he would stop the ap-
n>riations here; but did he not tell them distinct-
lat they ought to be diminished or withheld?
M>. McK. admitted that there were some class-
es of these appropriations which did deserve the
attention of Congress, whether they should be di-
minished or withheld; some of them were made
during the pleasure of Congress, and others du-
ring the pleasure of the President. These were
certainly within the control of Congress.
Mr. THOMPSON, (addressing Mr. McKay.)
They belong to your committee—the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. McKAY. Not by any means. It be-
longed to the Committee on Indian Affairs; and at
the last session a good deal had been said, but no-
thing had been done about it. No reforms had
been made. His friend from Tennessee, now the
head of the Post Office Department, those who
were members of the last Congress would recol-
lect, got up then and made a great noise about
these large appropriations, but nothing had been
proposed or accomplished. So his friend from
Mississippi, after making his speech, told them he
intended to follow it by a resolution, inquiring—
what' Plow much is paid to each Indian tribe,
and what is their number. Why, the gentleman
need not offer any such resolution, as they had
already this same information.
Some conversation ensued between the two
gentlemen as to the precise amount and nature of
the information upon this subject before Con-
gress, which gave rise to considerable merriment,
the committee being in a very good mood. At its
close—
Mr. McKAY resumed. If thegentleman waiiled
any reform, let him bring in his bill proposing it in
a tangible form. He (Mr. McK.) thought it un-
fortunate that the Government should have made
many of these treaties with the Indian tribes—-pe-
culiarly unfortunate. But .the Senate of the United
States had recently adopted an excellent rule of
( proceeding. One of the great causes of the evils
ll upon those poor Indians was the traders; and the
|j Government had been in the practice of providing
'' for the payment of debts* due them. Those who
