1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
were here four or five years ago v/ould recollect
that, in some remarks which he then submitted on
the Indian appropriation, bill, he brought to their
notice one of the most astounding facts v which
could be conceived of. He thought it was with
reference-to the Miamies or Wyandots—the Mi-
amies, he was told by a gentleman—that most
enormous frauds had been practiced upon them by
these traders; and the Senate of the United States,
in consequence of the disclosures then made, came
to the conclusion to make no appropriation for
debts due these Indian traders.
He agreed farther with the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, and he called upon him, as the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, to submit
some plan, some specific measure, by which the
application of these moneys could be secured to the
objects intended by Congress at the time when the
appropriation was made. The sum we were an-
nually appropriating was a very large one; in this
bill it was over a million of dollars; and in 1826
the expenses of the Indian department had been
$9,000; and from that time they had been one and
two millions many years—never less than one mil-
lion. The gentleman called attention to the fact
that the Miamies received $66,000, which is dis-
tributed annually among 650 men, women, and
children; and what was the effect of this distribu-
tion? Mr. McK. read from a tabular statement in
his hand the numbers of several of the Indian
tribes, with the amount of annuities received by
them respectively; the aggregate receipt being
§312,413 47 among the number of 8,740 Indians;
dividing the one number by the other, showed that
§35 a head was received by every warrior, or chief,
or squaw, or papoose. Still we wore bound to
make the appropriations. Those which are per-
manent would always go to them, of course, no
matter what might be the number of the tribe.
But, in addition to this sum that they were called
upon to appropriate annually, in the fulfilment of
Indian treaties, gentlemen found, by the reports of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, that upwards
of two millions of dollars had been invested in
State stocks for the benefit of these Indian tribes.
All he wanted was, that these moneys should be
applied to the benefit of the Indian tribes, to raise
them up above the level of the savage—to the level
of the civilized man; and that something further
might be done about the organization of schools in
their territory. Sixty odd thousand dollars were
appropriated by this bill to the specific object of ed-
ucation alone, besides $10,000, the ordinary perma-
nent civilization fund. This large amount, prop-
erly applied, and judiciously expended, might go
far towards reclaiming these savages.
While he was up, there was one subject which
he would touch. The sum had been much larger
heretofore, but it had been reduced by some ar-
rangement with the principal of the academy. But.
about $15,000 or $16,000 were expended in the ed-
ucation of youths of the Indian tribes at the ('hoc-
taw Academy in the State of Kentucky. This was
wrong. This money should be withdrawn from
that academy, and the money should be applied to
the establishment of schools within the Indian ter-
ritory, where it would tend to rear up villages m
the neighborhood of the schools, and would give
an impulse to agriculture and enterprise among
these people. He hoped his friend from Missis-
sippi would report "some specific bill to remedy
these defects, and then would be the more proper
time for the discussion of this subject.
Mr. J. H. EWTNG said he hlid no particular
objection to the appropriations contained in this
bill, because they were provided for by treaties,
and of course we had no other coursc than to com-
ply with treaties which were already made. Hut
another matter, and one of great importance, which
ought to have the attention of the House before
they acted on this bill, was the manner in which
these appropriations were expended. This House
ought to know whether the agents of the Govern-
ment have complied with the treaties which we
have made with these Indians. It was incumbent
on the chairman of the committee to provide some
mode by which they should be assured that the
money appropriated by this bill should be properly
and honestly distributed among the Indians for
their benefit. He believed if there was any sin
which this Government had to answer for it was
our treatment of the Indians. It was one of the
greatest crimes that lay upon our Government.
We had driven them from their homes, taken their
lands from them, and now, when they were driven
to the Rocky mountains and parted with their
lands for a small stipulation paid annually, we suf-
fer our own people, our own agents, to go among
them and cheat them out of the money we appro-
priate here to-day. He had no doubt but there
were hundreds of hungry cormorants within the
sound of his voice who had watched this bill for
weeks, and were ready upon its passsge to descend,
and to avail themselves of the spoils taken from
these poor dependant Indians. Let them provide
means by which this money should go for the ad-
vantage, not for the disadvantage, of these Indians.
Their tribes were going into decay? and a great
reason was, that our people were going among
them carrying spirituous liquors, which was cor-
rupting, enervating, and destroying them.
Mr. THOM ASSON, with reference to what had
been said by Mr. McKay about the Indian school
in Kentucky, said he had cndeavoicd, by resolu-
tion at the last Congress, to bring the subject of
this academy to this \ louse; and lie had been able
to get no report from the Committee on Indian
Affairs on the subject. He had been informed by
intelligent men m Kentucky—by Indians them-
selves who were acquainted with it—and he bc-
he\ed, that this academy was a nuisance; and now
this House had the same information from the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. McKAY. The gentleman misunderstood
me. I did not call it a nuhancc.
Mr. THOMASSON. To that extent I with-
draw my declaration. I5ut the gentleman concurred
with him (Mr. T.) that the manner of the appro-
priation for that, school was wrong. TTe said, on
the authority of gentlemen, men of intelligence,
and not one, but. hundreds, that that school was a
nuisance, and that the poor Indians pretended to
be educated there did not receive the care which
they should; that they are allowed by their pre-
ceptors to go and pay away their money, and even
to pledge their clothes for spirituous liquors, in-
stead of their tcnehing them morality. Notwith-
standing all his efforts, he had hern unable to get
a report from the Committee on Indian Affairs at
the last session.
Mr. HRjNTON interposed. (Mr. T. yicldimr,)
and said there was a report, made on the subject.
And some conversation passed between the gen-
tlemen as to the purport ofthnt report, from which
if. appeared that it did not come up to Mr. Thom-
asson's views; not beimr directed to the abolition
of the. academy, but to some incidental question.
Mr. T! ft)\1 A&SON concluded by repeating his
convietion of the necessity of the abolition of the
academy, and his desire that the money should be
expended within the Indian tcmioi y, where many
more could be educated at the same expense, and in
a much better manner, if proper teachers were pro-
vided, and proper care taken. He trusted that the
committee wouki allow him to introduce n proviso,
that no part of the appropriations by this bill should
go for the. support of the Choctaw Academy in j
Kentucky.
Without further action, on motion, the commit- j
tec rose, and the House adjourned. j
PKTrnoivs, &e. i
The following Petitions and Memorials were j
presented under the rule, and referred to theappro- !
prjote committees: i
By Mr. LEWIS: The petition of Captain Staring, for (he ■
completion of Cattnraucu* eieek. Ww York. ]
Rv Mr. C VT1IC ART • The memorial of A. R. Harperand i
101 other*, of Indiana, asking that a grant of hud he mode i
for the construction of the Bulialo and Mississippi Raihond. i
The petition of \V. \V. Taylor and 5-1 otheis, on the ><nne '
subjeet. The petition of A. Wil>on and 09 otbei* on the !
same subject. The petition of W. W. Taylor and 35 others, ■
on tlic same subject: refened to the Committee on Roads i
and CannN. 1
Bv Mi. M. L. MARTIN The petition of Gu<?t:ivu* Dene- '
nue. of the Terriloiv of Wisconsin, asking repayment of 1
crt.iiu mow}* paid hy ium foi a tioctot public land cov- I
e?ed with watei : teferred to the Committee on Puhhc
Land*. The petition of citizens of Poita^e county for im-
provement of Fox and Wisconsin livers.
1 \ Mr. BROD3IEAD: The inemoual ofPamuel P.Todd,
asking an allowance fbi commission on ceitain hills of ex-
change.
ByMt. TIBBATTr*: The petition uf the heha of Captain
"Richard Luca<, praying for commutation pay, &c. The pp.
tition of Lmehfield Shaip. nrajingfor a pension. The pe-
tition of William £tubbbjiield, praying for a pension.
B\ Mr. FOSTER: The petition of Rev. D. It. Jankin, and
42 others, piaving that the Republic of Liberia maybe recog-
nised a5* a sovereign and independent State bvttie Govern-
ment of the United States: refeired to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. SCHENCK : The petition of 106 citizens of Day-
ton, Ohio, praying for an appropriation for the nnpiovement
of the Maumee river.
r>y Mr. PERR1LL: The petition from a number of citi-
zens of Pickaway county, Ohio, asking Congress* to make an
appropriation to construct a bridge across the Ohio river at
Wheeling, Virginia: referred to the Committee on Roada
"bv Mr. 3. H. CAMPBELL : The petition of sundiy citi-
zens of the poit of Philadelphia,praying for an appropriation
for the erection of piers in the river Delaware at Reedy
Inland and "Romba Hook: referred to the Committee on
Commerce. The proceedings and resolutions of a meeting
of citizens of the city and county of Philadelphia, without
distinction of party, on the subject of slavery—to he on the
table. The petition of Joseph Lmdsey,and 38 other inhab-
itants of the city and county of Philadelphia, on the subject
of slaveiy—to lie on the table.
By Mr. TTOGE: The petition of -157 citizens of the State
of jlhnoi^, asking Congress to establish a tri-weekly rnai)-
miite from Rock Island, m the county of Rock Island, to
Knoxville, m the county of Knox, in -.aid State ot Illinois:
refened to the Committee on the PostOfltee and PoitRoads.
Also, the petition of 4Ga citizens oi the Ktatc ot Ilhnoi-, ask-
ing Congress to establish a tn-wr ckly mail-ioute ttom Rook
Island, m the county of Rock I-J,iud, to Divon, Lee county,
in said State of Nlino^: lefencd to the Committee on the
Post Office and Po^t lloads
By Mr R D.HUBBARD: The petition of the inhabitants
of the towns ot Derby, Naugatuck, Wateibmy, he , &e., tor
the improvement oi Stiatford harbor m the State ol Connec-
ticut.
By Mr. RUSSELL * The memorial of the citizens of
Clinton county, New Yoik, in relation to sal-soda, baiilla,
&c.: retcrred'to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Bv Mr. STARKWEATHER: The" petition of Henry
Freed: referred to the Committee on Finance, Also, the
petition from 82 citizens of Ohio, on the subject of wai and
peaee.
By Mr MeCRATE* The petition of Rnfus Pewall, and
23 others °< Edgecomb, Maine. lefened to the Committee
on Foreign A flan*
Ih Ms MeCLERNAND: The petition from numerous
citizen* of JeflVi-on, Illinois, piaung Consire-s to establish
an nimoiv and t'ouudi} at Fort Tda^-ac, in Illinois, lefcrrcd
to the Committee on Mihtaiv Allans
By Mr. CATHCART The memonal signed by S.Colfax
and'ojher citizen* of Indiana, a-king that naval depfit* be
established at Chicago and Toledo: relened to the Com-
mittee on Naval Allan*. Al-o. the petition of John Dorsey,
of M,u -hall county, Indiana, pra\ nig compensation for losses
sustained by him dm inn tiro last war: lefened to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
B\ Mi. CI'LLoM • The petition of thnty-tu-o em/ens of
W.uien county, Tennessee, prawng the establishment of a
po>t route fiom Speneci, \ an Buren count), to Sinithville,
l)e Kaib count s.
Bv Mi. BOYD • The petition of citizens of Caldwell coun-
tv, Kentucky, for a post-ioute from Pnnceton, Ma Empne
honuoiU-, to Cad 17. in said State.
By Mi. HAUMAX^OM : The inemoual of 13a peison<3,
requesting that an engineer be directed to survey the route
from the mouth of Red river, to the Sabine by the bayou Le
(>lai--e, and repoit a« to the practicability and advantages of
Injing out a mihtaiy road across the Mississippi swamp at
that point.
By Mr. McKAY : The memorial of the commissioner of
navigation and board of health, of the city of Wilmington,
Nmth Ciuohna, and other inhabitants of that city, piajing
for the establishment of a marine hospital at that port. Aho,
.i memoiial of like import with the above, fiom masters of
ees<eU and other «euf.\ung poisons trading to and from tiie
said poit of "Wilmington: lefcrrcd to the Committee on
Commerce.
I?v 'It. CUT.LOM: The petition of John Coney, of
Fennels conntv,Tenne-«ee, praung to he placed on the in-
valid pen-ion m!{.
,, B\ Mr. FH'KLIN: : The petition of E. II. Ftaikwcather,
! s and othei •*. tin the establishment of a mml-ioute fiomGieen-
j j up. in Cnmbeiland count}, to Chai ieston, in Colos county:
lefened to ih<1 Committee on the Po^t Office and Post Roads,
j: T'v Mr. M. L. MARTIN. The petition of N. De Nevuc,
|! asking the iepa\ ment of certain mone\s paid hy him foi a
j' tiactof public land eo\eied u ith watei ietc)led to the Com-
j| untrue on Public Land-'. AKo, the petition of citizens of
] Menomoine fall-, in \■.'wcon^m, nuking an appropnatson on
'' tlie load ftom Mii^aukic to Fond du Lae.
; Bj ^Ir. E W. IHT-AIII): Tiie petition of Chnstophei
; Moon, the hoii of Jacob Moon, foi seven vear&' half pay
! under the act of Congress of August 24, 1780: referred to
1 the Committee on Re\olntionaiy Claims.
By Air WILLIAMS: The petition of citizens of Castine,
i Maine, for an appropriation foi xepairing the ciutom-houso
at that piaee: lefeucd to the Committee on Commerce. Al-
■ so, the petition of citizens of Brooks\ sile, Maine, that Con-
; gie-> would piovide f< i the settlement of national disputes,
1 b\ lefeienee or otherwise, without an appeal to arms.
! By Mi. HUNGERFORD The petition of officers of the
j 2d regiment Unu< d Slates infanti v, for the cstahh^hment of
! a military a-ylum for the ichefand support oi aged and dis-
! abled soldietf!.
i By Mi. RELFE: The petition of M. R Boweis and 145
. other citizens, of Missouri, asking the establishment of a
[ tu-\veekly mail-route from Ciuincv, iu the Btate of Illinois,
I through the towns of Palmyra and Pans, to St. Joseph's, in
; the State of Missouri: refened to the Committee on the
j Post Office and Po-t Roads,
; By Mr. J.G CHAPMAN: The memorial of Charles Hill,
: Wm. D. Bowie, and seventy-two others, citizens of Pimce
{ G«oivf>h county, Maryland, asking that the budges acioss
I the eastern brnneh of the Potomac may be made hep.
i By Mr. HAKMANSOK": The petition of George Whitman
; and J. M. Keys, asking an adjustment of their claims for
; mail scivice : lcf'crred to tiie Committee on the Po.->t Olrice
; and Post Roads.
i B\ Mr. GROVER: The petition of J. H. Giilman, for a
j pension: refened to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
i By Mr. DUNLAP : The petition oPLydia Bridgman, and
1 othej?, widows of revolutionary soldier?, praying for pen-
