400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19.
sions under the act of 1838. Also, the petition of Catharine
Storer, praj ing for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. CHIPMAN : The petition of Andrew Motter, fbr
pay for saddle, bridle, 8cc., taken during the Sac and Fox
war: referred to the Committee on Military Aftairs. Also,
the petition of the members of the har of western Michigan,
for a division of the State into judicial districts, and organ-
ization of Federal courts, &c., in the western part: referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary Also, the proceedings
of a meeting of citizens of the State of Michigan, in refer-
ence to mail routes in said State: referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. WENTWORTH. The petition for a mail-route
from La Salle to Pontine, Illinois, via Lowell, Galloway,
and Moon's Point, on the south side of Vermilion river:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. DODGE: The memorial fiom the Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Iowa, praying Congress for an
appiopiiation to p.ty the expenses incurred in maintaining
jurisdiction in the southern part of said Territory, dining
the winter of 1839-40. Also, the joint resolution of the
Council and House of Representatives of said Territoiy, in-
structing him to u^e las influence in obtaining the palace
of a law, granting to Polk comitv, in said Territory, the two
eighty-acre lots of land, on which Fort des Moines is loca-
ted, with the improvement^, upon the said county paying
$1 25 per acre for the «aid land.
By Mr. GILES: The petition of William Lure Hopkins,
heir-at-law of Major Daniel Hopkins, a soldier of the Revo-
lution, praying to be allowed the commutation pay due his
deceased father: referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions.
By Mr. R. SMITH • The memorial of Robert Mills, of
Washington city, submitting a new plan of roadway, com-
bining with tlie operation of steam-carriages gieat economy
in the tiansportation of passengers, public mails, and mer-
chandise: referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Also, sundry petitions from the citizens of St Clair, Ran-
dolph, Jackson, Union, and Alexander counties, Illinois,
piaymg a mail-ioute from Billville to Cairo: referied to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post lioads.
By Mr. CATHCART: The petition of Jame* Bannon, and
other citizens of Indiana, asking a donation of land for the
construction of the Rulfalo and Mississippi railroad: referred
to the Committee on Rosuls and Canals.
By Mr. BRINKER1IOFF: The remonstrance of the mem-
bers ol the hm and other eiti/.ens ot Knov county, Ohio,
against the divi-ion of the judicial distnet of Ohio . referred
to tiie Committee on the Judienrv. A No, the memotiflN of
53 citizens of Vermilion, and 3-2 citizen-* of Floience, Ei ic
county, Ohio, the e>t;ibli^limi'iit of a naval clepiH on
Lake'Enc: referred to the Committee on Naval Aftaits
Bv Mr. IIOCE : The petition of 58 citizens of the State
of I]liuo!«, asking Consress to establish am wcekiv mail-
route fiom Roek ['•land, m the county ot Rock Lluml, to
Kiiovulle, in the eountv of Kno\, in said Ftate ofTllino^: j
refcrted to the Committee on the Poht Office and Post >
Roads. !
Mi. CULLOM asked leave To withdraw fiom the files the
petition and papeis of Joel Sharker, of Fentiess county,
Tennessee, and that they he referred to the Committee on
invn id Pensions.
By Mr. SEAMAN: The petition of inhabitants of the city
of Brookhn to abolish capital punishment in the United
States courts, and to repeal all laws inflicting the penalty
of death.
By Mr. ABBOTT: The petition of Elisha Huntington,
and 226 others, of Sarah G. Bagly,and GO others, citizens of
Lowell, in the State of Massachusetts, prajing that a con-
gress of nations may be instituted and assembled, to form
a code of international law, by which their varjmg inter-
ests mav be determined.
By Mr. HITTER* The petition from the widow and heirs
of Ilartman Leithei«ers, deceased, who served as an ensign
in Captain Vonhau's tioopof boise during the revolutionary
war, praying for the amount of pay due the deceased at the
time of his "death. Also, the petition of Michael Spaby, a |
revolulionarv soldier, piaymg for arrearages of pny.
By Mr. DUNLAP * The petition of Samuel T. Ww«ton,
praying for a pension : referied to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
By Mr. J. G. CIIAPMAN* The memorial of Nicholas
Muuav, and other heiis of James Munay, asking to be
paid airears due to James Murray for revolutionary ser-
vices.
Bv Mr. W. HUNT: The petition of 55 citizens of Niag-
ara county, New Yoik, piajing that the public domain be
made free, and given m convenient lots to such actual set-
tlers as are destitute of farms.
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SEVIER submitted documents relating to
the claim of Solomon Drew to compensation for
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 19,1846.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a mes-
sage received yesterday from the President of the j
United States, in compliance with a resolution i
passed by the Senate on the 10th instant, trans- |
mitting a report from the Secretary of State in re-
lation to the Mexican indemnity; which was laid
on the table and ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT also laid before the Senate a
letter from the Governor of the Territory of Wis-
consin, enclosing resolutions passed by the Legis-
lature of that Territory, in favor of an appropria-
tion for the extinguishment of the Indian title to
the lands lying north of the Fox river, and between
the Wolf and Wisconsin risers; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Also, a letter from the Governor of said Terri-
tory, in favor of an appropriation for a light-house
on Grassy Island, near the mouth of fox river;
services as provost-marshal of the legionary court
of the militia of the city of Washington; which
were referred to the Committee on the District oi
Columbia.
Mr. THOMAS CLAYTON presented the me-
morial of-Edward Eft vie, praying the purchase by
the Government of his invention of a method for
protecting canvass and cordage against mildew and
rot; which was referred to the Committee on Naval
A flairs. „_
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of Isaac
W. Taylor and others, praying that the benefits
of the act of June 17, 1844, providing for the ad-
justment of certain land claims, may be extended
to them*, which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of ship-
masters and seamen engaged in navigation on the
lakes, praying that Cattaraugus harbor on Lake
Erie may oe completed and lighted; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of C. P. Van
Ness, formerly collector of the district, ot Veimont,
praying the passage of a law refunding to him cer-
tain moneys wrongfully paid into the treasury ol
the United States by htm while holding said office;
which was referrcd'to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. MANGUM presented the memorial of Cay-
ler W. Youne;, praying a grant of land in the terri-
tory of Oregon, for the purpose of occupation and
settlement by emigrants from the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
On motion of Mr. DAYTON, it wns
Ordered, That William Fuller and Orlando Salt-
marsh have leave to withdraw their petition and
papers.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was concurred in:
Resolved, That the Commiitce on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post-route from Pine
Bluffs, Jeficison county, via Princeton and Dallas-
port, to Washington, Hempstead county, in the
State of Arkansas; also a post-route from Eates-
ville, up Passe Rayon, via the residence of John
Martin, to Salem, the county seat of Fulton county,
in said State.
Mr. BREESE, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce the following joint res-
olution: ,
Be it resolved, $?c., fyc.. That the care and control
of the mineral lands of the United States be re-
stored to the Treasury Department.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
On motion, if, was
Resolved, That when the Senate adjourn, it be
to meet on Monday next.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, submitted an adverse
: report upon the petition of David Little. '
I Mr. C. also, from the same committee, reported,
i without amendment, the bill declaratory of the
' powers, and legalizing certain acts, of the Chief
1 Clerk of the Patent Office.
! Mr. CHALMERS, from the Committee on Pub-
i lie Lands, asked that said committee be discharged
i from the further consideration of the petition of
John A. Rogers, nnd that the same be referred to
the Committee of Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON moved that the prior orders
Platte river, on his way to the capital of the United
States, he was attacked by a band of Pawnee In-
dians, and-robbed of the property for which he now
d Th* ob^oloifo? the' Senator from Maryland to
this claim was, that the petitioner was_notat the
time lawfullv in the Indian country j.tttd therefore
not entitled Co indemnification. ; He admitted
before compensation could.^e giyen, the peWK>n«r
must show he was lawfully in theJndmn,tonfery.
for the Indians westof the Rocky Mountains. Now
to the present argument that had nothing to .do;
whether the appointment was made lawtally or un-
lawfully, did not touch the question whethef lie
was lawfully in the Indian territory or not.. NoW,
for the sake of argument, he would admit the Presi-
dent had no authority to appoint sub-agents west
of the Rocky mountains; that fact he woftld admit
as far as that claim was concerned. The act Vegu-
liitin" the trade forbids citizens of the United States
from entering the Indian territory, except for the
purposes therein specified. These were numerous.
No one could carry on trade in the Indian territoi y
without a licensc, nor could they hunt oil Indian
territory, pasture, or graze cattle; and no person
could settle on Indian territory. These were the
prohibitions of the act, and none other. 1 here was
no prohibition to a citizen of the United States from
passing through the territory of the ,Indians, 111 go-
ino- to or coming from Oregon; that was practised
every day. Now, it must be known that it was
unlawful to pass through their country in the eases
specified, but in none others. The petitioner was
not there for any of these purposes—to settle, pas-
ture cattle, &c.—but in passing from Oregon to the
United Stales. Now, if it was unlawful to do that,
he would call upon the Senators from Maryland or
Tennessee to show the law to that purpose. If he
wasunlawfully in their territory in passing through
it, it would be so with a military force of the United
States, should they be sent there by the President;
nnd the trade between the United States and Mexi-
co and other parts, which is carried on to a large
extent, would be prohibited. No such law existed.
Now, he would say again, (and rest the whole mat-
ter on the argument,) that unless the Senator from
Maryland or Tennessee could show some law pro-
hibiting the right of way through the Indian terri-
tory, the petitioner had a just claim. Mr. A. here
read the first section of the act regulating the inter-
course with the Indians west of the Mississippi,
showing the limits of the Indian territory west, and
to show that there was nothing to prevent a right
of way through it. He would (he continued) read
another section, to show that if the President of the
United States had any power at all, he had that to
appoint sub-agents west of the Rockymountams
[Here he read another extract.] That extract was
the authority of the President to appomtsub-agents.
Another objection of the Senator from Maryland
he would notice, namely, that although he might
be legally appointed by the President, he had left
his post without the permission of the War Depart-
ment. Now, had the Senator from Maryland ex-
amined the law clearly, he could hardly have made
that objection. There was no prohibition to a sur-
veyor to leave his survey. Again: the Senator
I from Maryland had said that, even admitting this
I man to have been lawfully in the Indian territory,
he had not taken the proper steps to entitle him to
compensation from Congress. The matter had been
before the Committee on Indian Affairs, and it was
their opinion that it would have been worse than
useless for the individual concerned in that case to
pursue the course laid down by law; which directs
that individuals deprived of their property, not hav-
„ , ing received reparation inside of twelve months,
- l! should make it known to the Indian Department.
„TJ«.d- b. 4^
i i ernmentwas bound to pay, to the iuiiest extent, uiai
"^Messrs. EVANS and JARNAGIN objected to Jj claim; and in that view
the consideration of the bill. I A-flaws fully concurred. The utmost the benator
Mr. ATCHISON observed that he had but a
few words to say upon the subject, but would brief-
ly advert to the facts of the case, and the law as it
related to the claim of the petitioner.
As the facts were proven bv competent witnesses,
and as the petitioner himself set forth, it appeared
that when near the head of Grand Island, in the
from Maryland could do, in justice, would be to
wove a postponement of the case for twelve months,
for the purpose of conforming to the prescribed
form With these remarks he would conclude.
Mr MANGUM moved that the bill be laid up-
on the table; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, from the Com-
