THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1846.
New Series....No. 26.
snltlee of Claims, to whom was referred, the peti-
tion of Amos Kendall, reported a bill for his relief;
■which was read, and passed to a second reading.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that said House had
passed a bill to attach to the Fort Wayne land dis-
trict certain, tracts of land lying within the limits
of that district, which are not now attached to any
district; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was asked.
The bill in relation to the tracts of land in the
vicinity of the Port Wayne land district, which
was this morning reported from the House of Rep-
resentatives, was taken up, and read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The bill making appropriations for the payment
of revolutionary and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending June 30th, 1847, and for
other purposes, was read a first and second time,
and referred to tire Committee on Finance.
Mr. DIX was about to resume liis remarks
which he had not concluded at the hour of adjourn-
ment yesterday, but yielded the floor to
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON, who said he desired an
opportunity to offer a few remarks relati\e to an
allusion made to him by the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Dix,] in the opening of his speech
yesterday. He is reported to have said:
" In entering into the debate on the question un-
' der consideration, I feel constrained to difi'er in
' opinion with two distinguished Senators who
' have preceded me, in relation to the manner in
* which the discussion should be conducted. I al-
' lude to theSenator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] who
* opened the debate, and the Senator from Dcla-
' ware, [Mr. J. M. Clayton,] who followed him,
' not now in his scat. Botii took the ground, and
* witli equal peremptoriness, that the title to Oregon
' ought not to be discussed, but for totally different
' reasons—the Senator from Ohio, because the
4 time for discussing it had gone by, and the Sena-
' tor from Delaware, because the time for discus-
* sing it had not arrived. With the unfeigned re-
' spect which I entertain for them, I dissent from
* their opinion with great diffidence of my own."
As the Senator said, he (Mr. C.) was tempo-
rarily absent from his seat, but came in a few min-
utes after the Senator had made that remark. He
had mistaken his (Mr. C.'s) position. When he
had the honor of addressing the Senate on the l-2ih
instant, he did object to the discussion of the title
in open session, but he avowed distinctly at the
time his perfect willingness to enter at any moment
on that discussion in executive session. He did
not mean to say, nor did he thmli tliat he was
generally understood at the time as meaning to
say, that he objected to the discussion of the ques-
tion at that very moment. On the contrary, ho
thought that he expressed his willingness to go
into it then, if his associates in the Senate wished
to do so—but in executive session. And he beg-
ged the Senator to recollect the reason which lie
assigned why the discussion should be so conduct-
ed. He said that, if the question were to be set-
tled by treaty between the two Governments, the
remarks made in open session were calculated to
prejudge, and must necessarily prejudge, the
question which would arise upon the treaty. He
•thought then, and he thought so still, that if the
question were to be settled in that manner, great
danger might arise from these public discussions,
because it would be recollected that it took but
nineteen of them to defeat any treaty; and if the
discussion became extended, as was very likely,
there was danger that nineteen Senators might be-
come so committed before the whole country in
regard to the title, and differing from the Execu-
tive, why, then, was it not obvious that their con-
sideration of the treaty would be seriously tram-
melled? On the other hand, he thought then, and
thought still, that if discussed in executive session,
no such difficulty could occur; no man would be
then committed before the country. But open
discussion was attended with the danger of so
many men committing themselves on some paral-
lel of latitude different from that presented in the
26
treaty. If the Senator would pardon him a few
moments longer, he would make a single reference
to a remark which fell from the honorable Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Hannegan.] He seemed to
apprehend that there was greater danger of stran-
gling Oregon m that chambeer than elsewhere.
How so? He (Mr. C.) could not possibly com-
prehend that. If the title to Oregon be clear—if it
be such a title as the country could stand up for
and fight for—it was one that would bear discus-
sion in executive session as well as anywhere else,
and the only difference was, that it could be much
more safely discussed in cxccutivc session than in
open session. The honorable Senator, however,
at the conclusion of his eloquent address, seemed
to apprehend that if the Senate took the respon-
sibility ofdiscussing this question in secret session,
perhaps some Caius Gracchus mij htdrive us from
our seats, and forcibly expel our President from
his elevated seat,
Mr. HANNEGAN. If the Senator from Dela-
ware will allow me, I will restate what I uttered
in this particular, and a mifc rcpoit of which was
given in both the Union and Intelligencer, so gross
as to be ridiculous.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON yielded the floor, when
Mr. H. said, that the language he uttered was,
that the withdrawal of so momentous a question
from the public eye for secret deliberation and dis-
cussion, to be followed—as perchance is might be—
by a silent and sudden death ot the measure, m di-
rect violation of the will of three-fifths of the Amer-
ican people, would be v't most serious, if nota mel-
ancholy hour in the histoiy of the country. It
might prelude the entrance of some Caius Gracchus
into that hitherto consecrated chamber, whose
heart, big with lite fires of freedom, and roused by
such an outrage upon public rights, would leaf I him
to address the mighty tribunal without, and by this
simple chan e of attitude, (heic jVlr. II. pointed to
the doors of the Senate, and raised his hands to the
galleries,) turning fiom that venerated chair, re-
verse thenceforth the cherished forms of this body,
impair its dignity, and dewtioy its lofty and com-
manding attitude.
Mr. CLAYTON was glad to hear that explana-
tion.
OREGON THE NOTICE.
Mr. DIX then proceeded with lus remarks, and
said:
I bee; the Senator from Delaware to be assured
that nothing would give me more pain than to mis-
state any Senator on this lloor; and I accept with
great pleasure the explanation which he has made.
I desire also to say, injustice to him, as well as to
the Senator from Ohio, that I did not use the term
"poremptonncss" in rrfVmru1; to the manner m
which tiicy had insisted that the question of title
ought not, in their opinion, to be discussed. I said
they had taken the position 111 equally strong lan-
guage. <
I now resume the consideration of the important
question on which I had the honor to addiess the
Senate yesterday, and in doing so, 1 cannot with-
hold the expression of my sense of the kind indul-
gence which has been extended to mc. I ill en-
deavor to afford the Senate a substantial pr-oof of
that sense of obligation on my part, by bringing
my remarks to a close in the briefest possible pe-
riod of time.
The historical sketch which I was making, of
the discoveries and establishments in Oregon, when
the Senate adjourned yesterday, ended with the
year 179:3.
The discovery of Bulfinch's harbor and the Co-
lumbia n\er by Gray, and the explorations of Gal-
liano, Yaldes, and Vancouver, in the Stiait of Fu-
ca, in that year, terminated the series of maritime
discoveries in the disputed territory, which had
commenced two centuries and a half before. From
that time to the present, nothing has been done on
the coast but to fill up the smaller details of the
great outline completed by the labors of these nav-
igators.
In the same year, (1792,) Mackenzie, leaving
Fort Chippewyan, on the Athabasca lake, in the
58th parallel of latitude, and nearly midway be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, proceeded
westward to the Rocky mountains, where he pass-
ed the winter. The next spring, he resumed his
journey, struck the Tacoutche Tessee, (now Fra-
zer's river,) in the 54th parallel of latitude, and de-
scended it some 250 miles. He then continued his
course to the west, and reached the Pacific m north
latitude 52° 20'—about a degree north of the island
of Quadra and Vancouver. Frazer's river, which
takes its rise near the 55th parallel of latitude, was
for nineteen years supposed to be the northern
branch of the Columbia; but in 1812, it was as-
certained by Fra?er to debon-'h in the Strait of
Fuca, at the 49th parallel of latitude. It waters
the district of country immediately west and north
of the valley drained by the upper branch of the
Columbia. This district is a part of the great sec-
tion of the northwest coast, bounded on the east
by the Rocky mountains, and on the west by the
Pacific, of which the main channels of access had
been laid open by previous discoveries.
In 1804, Captains Lewis and Clarke set out on
their expedition to Oregon; and, in 1805, after
incredible hardships and labors, they established
themselves on the north side of the Columbia river,
near its mouth, and subsequently on the south side,
and passed the winter thcie. In the spring of 1806,
they commenced their journey homeward, and
reached the Mississippi in the fall of that year, hav-
ing travelled over 9,000 miles. This expedition
was fitted out under the dnectioii of the Govern-
ment of the Lnitcd States, and executed by officers
in its service at the public expense. It was under-
taken on the recommendation of the President,
communicated m a message to Congress in 1803.
One of its objects was to examine the country
watered by the Columbia river, which had been
discovcred by a citizen of the United States, and it
resulted in a survey—necessarily cursory—of the
main southern branch of the river, of the piincipal
stream to its mouth from the junction of the latter
with it, and of a portion of Clarke's river, which
empties into the northern branch between the 48th
and 49th parallels of latitude. This was the first
exploration of the Columbia made subsequently to
1792, when it was ascended by Gray, its disco v-
erer, some twenty miles, and five months after
by a detachment from Vancouver's party, under
Broxighton, about one hundred miles, from its
mouth.
It is also to be considered that the expedition of
Lewis and Clarke was undertaken immediately
after the cession of the territory of Louisiana to
the United States by France—a territory admitted
to include all the country drained by the Missis-
sippi nnd its tributaries to their head waters. It
was also the understanding at the time that it was
separated from the British possessions in North
America by the 49th parallel of latitude extended
westward from the Lake of the Woods indefinite-
ly. Mr. Monroe, in a paner presented to Lord
Harrowby m 1304, at London, stated that it had
been so settled by commissaries appointed by
Fnmce and England under the treaty of Utrecht;
and the sialement was not impugned or objected to.
I am aware that a doubt has recently been raised
as to the fact of such a line having been agreed on;
but after nearly a century and a half, it is ques-
tionable whether an arrangement which had been
acquiesced in [Colonel Benton here added—" and
acted on"] as having been made by the compe-
tent authority at the proper time, can be denied,
even though no authentic rccoid of the meeting of
the commissaries can be found.* Other persons
were employed by the Government to survey the
southern portions of Louisiana; and these con-
temporaneous expeditions must be regarded by
the world as a public manifestation of the inten-
tion of the United States to assert all the rights she
might justly claim by discovery or otherwise to
the sovereignty of the country between the Missis-
sippi and the Pacific ocean.
In 1806 Mr, Frazer, an agent of the Northwest
Company, formed on establishment on Frazer's
'See an elaboiate examination of the question in Green-
how's Oregon, pace 276.
