402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
lake in the 54th paiallel of latitude; and this was j, 'States of America and his Majesty the King of
the fiist establishment ever made by British sub- '  >>  v:—J— -*• " >> :-- .1 i—
jects west of the Rocky mountains.
In March, 1811, the Pacific Fur Company, of!
which John Jacob Astor, of New York, was the
principal, formed an establishment at Astoria, on
the south bank of the Columbia river, about ten
miles from its mouth, having first established them-
selves on the north bank; and this was the first
settlement ever made on the Columbia or in the
territory watered by that river or its tributaries,
excepting two temporary establishments in 1809
and 1810, formed also by American citizens, which
were soon abandoned in consequence of the diffi-
culty of obtaining provisions, and other embarrass-
ments. The Astoria company also formed an es-
tablishment in 1811, o_n the Okanogan, a tributary
entering the Columbia on the north side, between
the 48th and 49th parallels of latitude; and in 1812
another near it on the Spokan, also a tributary of
the great river.
In 1813 the Pacific Company, in consequence of
the embarrassments growing out of the war of 1812
with Great Britain, sold " its establishments, fuis,
and stock in hand" (including the posts on the
Okanogan and the Spokan) to the Northwest Com-
pany; and a few days aftei wards the British sloop-
of-war Raccoon arrived, took possession of the
place, and hoisted the British flag.
By the treaty of Ghent, ratified by us in 1815, it
was stipulated that "all territory, places, and pos-
sessions whatsoever taken by either party from the
other during the war, or which may be taken after
the signing of this treaty,excepting only the islands
hereinafter mentioned, shall be restored without
delay."
In compliance with this stipulation, the establish- j1
meat at Astoria was restored to the United States, ji
The compliance was full, unconditional,and w.tli- j,
out reservation of tiny sort. No claim was set up ij
by Great Britain ill her written communications
with the United States on this subjcct, at the time
of the restoration, in respect to any right of sovcr- i
ei nty or domain in the territory thus restored.
The Ornish Alnnstei at Washington had, it is true,
a year before objected to the restoration, on the
ground that the place had been purchased by the
Northwest Company, and that it had "been taken
possession of in his Majesty's name, and had been
since considered as forming part of his Majesty's
dominions." The objection was virtually aban-
doned by the restoration; and as the place was re-
stored without a written protest or reservation, the
ground of the objection may be regarded as having
been considered wholly untenable by those who
took it. In this transaction, as in all others rela-
ting to the territory of Oregon, the Government of
the United States maintained, m clear and unequiv-
ocal terms, its right of sovereignty. In its instruc-
tions to Captain Biddle in 1817, it directed him to
proceed to the mouth of the Columbia, and there
" to assert the claim of the United States to the
sovereignty of the adjacent country, til a friendly
and peaceable manner, and without the employ-
ment of force." This order he executed on the
9th of August, 1818, by taking formal possession
of the country on the river. The formal restora-
tion of Astoria was made on the 6th of Octobei,
1818; and in fourteen days afterwards (on the 20th
October) a convention was agreed on by the Uni-
ted States and Great Britain, containing the follow-
ing article:
" Art. 3. It is agreed that any country that may
' be claimed by either party on the northwest coast
' of America, westward of the Stony mountains,
' shall, together with its harbors, bays, and creeks,
' and the navigation of ail rivers within the same,
' be free and open for the teim of ten years from
' the date of the signature of the present conven-
' tion, to the vessels, citizens, and subjects of the
' two Powers: it being well understood that this
' agreement is not to be construed to the prejudice
' of any claim which either of the two high con-
' trading parties may have to any part of the said
' country, nor shall it be taken to affect the claims
' of any other Power or State to any part of the
' said country; the only object of the high contract-
' ing parties in that respect being to prevent dis-
' putes and differences among themselves.''
On the 6th of August, 1827, the main provisions
of the foregoing article were renewed by the fol-
lowing convention:
"Art. 1. All the provisions of the third article
1 of the convention concluded between the United
the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire-
' land, on the 20th of October, 1818, shall be, and
' they are hereby, further indefinitely extended and
' continued in force, in the same manner as if all
1 the provisions of the said article were herein spe-
' cifically recited.
"Art. 3. It shall be competent, however, to
' either of the contracting parties, in case either
' should think fit, at any time after the 20th Octo-
' ber, 1828, on giving due notice of twelve months
' to the other contracting- party, to annul and abro-
' gate this convention; and it shall,in such case, be
'accordingly entirely annulled and abrogated, after
' the expiration of the said term of scrvice.
"Art. 3. Nothing* contained in this convention,
' or in the third article of the convention of the
' 20th October, 1818, hereby continued in force,
'shall be construed to impair, or in any manner
' atlect, the claims which either of the contracting
' parties may have to any part of the. country wost-
' ward of the Stony or Rocky mountains."
On the basis of these two treaties the relations of
the two countries in respect to Oregon now rest;
and in order to ascertain what are the rights of the
contracting parties to the territory in dispute, we
must icvcit to the year 1818, to the Hutu quo be-
fore they were enti red into; for if, as has been
seen, nothing contained in the treaties can preju-
dice in any manner their respective claims, no acts
done since by settlement or otherwise can create,
ill respect to the territory in question, any rights
which did not exist then.
This position was taken with characteristic vigor
and bievity by the distinguished Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Cauioi'n-,] sitting before me,
m a note dated the 3d of September, 1844, and ad-
dressed to Mr. Pakenham, while the Senator was
acting m the capacity of a negotiator.
►Sir, I wish to be distinctly understood on this
point, for the reason that the Hudson's Bay Com-
pany, in which the Northwest Company has been
merged, has for several years been extending its
establishments; and because, in the negotiations
between the British Government and ours, it has
been once, at least, if not more than once, intima-
ted by the former that British subjects had interests
there which it was bound to protect. These estab-
lishments have been made with full knowledge of
the stipulations of the conventions entered into be-
tween the two countries; and on no ground, even
the ground of equity, can any claim be set up on
I the basis of these neivly-created interests. To
agree to suspend the settlement of the controversy,
! and then to draw from acts done by one of the par-
ties during the suspension new arguments in favor
of its own side of the question, is not only repug-
nant to every rule of fairness, but it is a violation
! of the letter as well as the spirit of the agreement,
i and tends to the defeat of the very object in view
in making it.
| I.et us see, then, what discoveries had been
I made, and what establishment-; formed, in 1818.
; Those, of Spam were paramount to all others.
1 She had visited and explored the whole coast from
i California, where she had permanent cstablish-
1 ments, to the most northerly line of the territory
! in dispute. iShe had discovered the Strait of Juan
i de Fuca, and formed on establishment within it,
[ I think, in 1790. She had discovered Nootka
Sound, and established heiself theie. And she was
strengthened in her claims to the absolute sover-
eignty of the country by its immediate contiguity
to California, of which she had the undisputeS and
undivided possession, with the exception of two
temporary establishments by the Russians between
the bay of St. Francisco and Cape Mendocino,
which were made to facilitate their trade in furs,
and by permission of the Spanish Government. It
is true she had not kept up her establishments
north of Cape Mendocino; but no others had been
formed in the same localities; and her rights of dis-
covery, therefore, were not superseded by rights
of occupation on the part of other nations in any
portion of the territory in dispute, excepting so fat-
as they may have been derived from the American
and British establishments, to which I am about to
refer.
The United States had discovered the Columbia
and some of its tributaries, and she had formed
establishmeftts -within it at four different periods—,
in 1809,1810,1811, and 1812—the most southerly
neartheroouth of theColumbia.andthemost north-
erly between the forty-eighth and forty-ninth paral-
lels of latitude. Spain claimed to have discovered,
the Columbia seventeen years before Gray entered
it; but in 18Q1 she ceded all her righ ts to the country
north of 4SPto the United States, by treaty,and thus
gave us a title to the territory watered by- the river,
which Great Britain ought never tohavequestioned.
By virtue of the same act of cession, her entire right
to the coast became vested in us.
In the course of the public discussions in respect
to Oregon, the United States has been charged
with dishonor and bad faith in setting up a claim
to that territory, 1st, by discovery, through the
agency of her own citizens; and 9d, by cession of
the rights of Spain. For, as has been said, if the
first ground was tenable, she could not, without
inconsistency, set up a claim on the second, be-
cause she had virtually denied the second by as-
suming the first as the basis of her right. But,
sir, is it not quite possible for two nations to pos-
sess rights by contiguity, or to acquire them by
discovery, neither perfect, but capable of being
rendered" so by a merger of both in one? Great
Britain herself claims'a right of joint occupancy
with the United States in Oregon; and she will
certainly not deny that a cession of her right to
us, or ours to her, would create a perfect title to
the country, without affording cause for any im-
putation of dishonor to either.
Great Britain, in 1818, had surveyed the Strait
of Fuca, after its outlines were known; but she
had made no discoveries on the coast which were
not comprehended within the boundaries of the
great districts previously known and visited. She
may have had establishments in the valley of the
Columbia; but if so, I have not been able to ascer-
tain the fact. She had discovered Frazcr's river,
which empties into the Strait of Fuca at the forty-
ninth parallel oflatitude; she had traced it from
its source to its mouth; she had formed an estab-
lishment on it near the fifty-fourth parallel; and it
only remains to settle by the testimony of facts the
geographical relation which this river and its valley
bear to the river and valley of the Columbia.
I pass by, as unconnected with the question, for
the reasons I have assigned, all settlements made
subsequently to 1818 by the Hudson's Bay Com-
pany, on which Great Britain has conferred large
and most important powers in respect to the coun-
try west of the Rocky mountains. Indeed, these
establishments rest upo  no legal concession, even
by herself, which confers any right of domain.
The Hudson's Bay Company has a mere right of
exclusive trade with the Indians, -without the priv-
ilege of acquiring any title to the soil in Oregon;
and in this respect the privileges of the Company
differ materially from those conferred on it in re-
lation to the territory it possesses upon Hudson's
Straits.
I also pass by, as idle, the formalities of taking
possession of the country by Broughton on the
Columbia, and Vancouver in the Straitof Fuca—
formalities a long time before performed in number-
less localities by the Spaniards—especially as those
of the British navigators were unaccompanied by-
actual settlement and occupation, and were in di-
rect violation of a treaty which those officers were
sent out to executc.
I have endeavored, Mr. President, in the first
part of my remarks, to maintain the Spanish title
to the northwest coast of America. I regard all at-
tempts to disparage it as antiquated and obsolete,
to be founded upon partial and illiberal views of
the subject. It is unnecessary to say to you, sir,
or the Senate, that antiquity is the highest element
of title, if the chain can be traced down unbroken
and entire to our own times. The Spanish title to
the northwest coast is almost coeval with the voy-
ages of Columbus. It is consecrated by discovery
as high as the 43d parallel of latitude by the lapse
of more than three centuries; as high as the 48th
by the lapse of two centuries and a half; and
as high as the 54th by the lapse of more than
seventy years. Sixty years ago it stood undis-
puted and unimpeached by any antagonist claim
river, and ascended it at the time of the discovery j| or pretension to territorial rights. It was con-
to the distance of twenty-five miles from its mouth, j] firmed and perfected by occupation as nigh as
She had also discovered Bulfinch's harbor, between j| 49° 30' half a century ago. During the_sueceea-
the Columbia and the Strait of Fuca. She had jj ing twenty years, it was not superseded by. rights
examined the country watered by the Columbia " of occupation on the part of other nations, unless;
