1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
This was only a beginning of the reform which
he hoped the Committee on Indian Affairs would
carry out by the introduction of a bill which should
secure the appropriation of all this money to the
objects for which it was intended.
Application had been made heretofore to the
President of the United States by the chiefs of this
tribe for permission to employ their own preach-
ers. That application never had been answered.
And why ? Now it would be well to inquire into
the reasons why these poor Indians never Tiad been
heard by the " great father," as they termed the
President of the United States. What was the
reason? Was it because there were certain bands
of harpies prowling about the neighborhood of
these Indians, to suck up and to defraud them of
this little annuity granted to them in payment for the
immense domain they have ceded to this Govern-
ment? Was it for this purpose? He did not
charge any such views upon any officer of this
Government; but he hoped the Committee on In-
dian Affairs would report a bill making a separate
and distinct bureau for Indian affairs, where the
commissioner or the officer having charge should
be directly accountable to the people of the United
States for the manner in which this money is ap-
propriated.
He could not see what objection there could be
to permitting these Indians to appropriate their
own money in their own way, and to employ their
own laborers, mechanics, ministers, and physi-
cians. About twenty-one thousand dollars had
been appropriated for education since the ratifica-
tion of that treaty; and yet he was credibly inform-
ed that in that school not a solitary individual had
been educated so as to read, write, and cypher, and
to become acquainted with the common brandies
of education; and that that school, instead of being
a benefit to these Indians, had been converted inio
a curse. Again: six hundred dollars was stipula-
ted under that treaty to be appropriated to the pay-
ment of a physician to the tribe. For some rea-
son, not known to him, that amount had been re-
duced to three hundred dollars—a sum too small
to induce any man of skill to accept the appoint-
ment; and the consequence was, that it had been
conferred upon the physician within the fort, resi-
ding within the fort; and there was an order from
the commanding officer of the fort to prevent any
Indian approaching within half a mile of it. Where
was the justice or propriety of such an application
of this money, which Was intended for the benefit
of these poor Indians? Was there no possibility
of surrounding these appropriations with guards—
of ensuring its application in such manner as pro-
vided for in this treaty? If the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means was opposed to
it—if he was desirous that every dollar of that mo-
ney should fall into the hands of sharpers and spec-
ulators, then let him oppose the amendment. He
had confidence that this amendment would secure
the object intended to be secured by it.
These Indians satisfied him by evidence which
he had before him that they were better treated by
Catholic priests than by any other. In early life
they had been under the influence, of these priests;
and their children and their adults had been
brought up in that persuasion; so that they would
not accept of other teachers. And should we at-
tempt, by the power of the Government, to en-
deavor to compel them into any other persuasion ?
He insisted upon it that it was unworthy the of-
ficers of the Government; it was unworthy the
Government itself to undertake any such course
with these poor unfortunate Indians.
Mr. McJvAY was understood to repeat what he
had said yesterday, that the amendment was un-
necessary. He had yesterday stated that he
wished his friend from Mississippi, the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs [Mr. Thomp-
son] would bring forward some plan for prevent-
in^ these speculations and frauds upon these In-
dian tribes. But he thought the gentleman from
Hew York [Mr. White] was mistaken if he sup-
posed he could accomplish anything by his amend-
ment. We now had a law upon this subject, pre-
pared by an officer of the Government, the late
Secretary of War, the present Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Cass]—a gentleman who was perhaps as
well acquainted with the habits and wants of the
Indian tribes as any man in this country—who
was superintendent of Indian Affairs. The pub-
lic policy established by the act of 1834 emanated
from the War Department; and the gentleman
would perceive when he read this act that it was
now entirely within the competency of the head
of that department to do what he proposed to ac-
complish by his amendment; ana if the gentle-
man from New York would go to Governor Mar-
cy, and satisfy him that these Indians are entirely
competent to carry on the regulation of their own
affairs without the interference of Congress, that
officcr had the power to provide that this should
be done without any further act of legislation.
[Mr. McK. read the clause of the law referred to.]
But the amendment of the gentleman was con-
trary to the now existing treaty with the Winne-
bago Indians; and unless it was proposed to break
down one of the provisions of that treatv, the
House must reject that amendment. Mr. McK.
read from the treaty a provision which he said
expressly subjects the appointment of teachers and
the manner of conducting the schools of the In- i
dians to the supervision of the proper officers of i
our Government. Hence the amendment, which j
took away all control on the part of the Govern- j
ment, was clearly in conflict with our treaty stip- j
ulations. It was also unnecessary under the gen- |
eral law of 1834, as he had shown; and he hoped j
it would be rejected.
Mr. W. W.' CAMPBELL said the very discus-
sion which had arisen in this House upon this hill
confirmed him in the opinion which he had enter-
tained when he had voted to take up other bills,
that this might be for a time postponed. The large
amount of money appropriated under this bill, with
the evident want of information on the part of a
great many members of the committee in regard to
its details, justified that position. lie was not pre-
pared to say but all theve appropriations were right.
He presumed the chairman of the Committee of
Wavs and Means, m bringing forward this hill,
had examined all the treaties and obligations Test-
ing upon this Government in reference to onr In-
dian relations,and had conformed this bill thereto.
He (Mr. C.) was not one of those who would
withhold from these Indian tribes a single tittle of
the money due to them. It had been his pleasure
ot different periods of his life to examine some-
what into the history of the various Indian tribes
who inhabited the country when our fathers came
to it, and the remnants of whom were now scat-
tered over it. And he did hope that the commit-
tee on Indian A Hairs would carry out a thorough
examination of this matter, and sec, when we were
appropriating these large amounts, whether these
remnants of the aboriginal tribes of our country
aetually receive the benefit of them, as was intended.
He hoped that that committee would, during: this
session, present to the House such laws as shall
seourc to these Indian tribes the money the Gov-
ernment has set apart for their use in consideration
of the lands they have ceded to us. The chairman
of the Committee of Wavs and Means was aware
that it was known that for a long time (here had
been frauds practised upon these Indians; and j
hence it was natural that there should be a great :
decree of solicitude felt as to the appropriation of '
money for them; and if the bill should be post- j
poned until these treaties were looked into more 1
fully, and the whole subject thoroughly examined, j
even if the bill passed as it now is, information '
would be obtained that would enable gentlemen to
act intelligently npon other bills. He was not pre-
pared to say but he would vote for every apropria-
tion contained in this bill. He was disposed to
carry out, in its letter and spirit, every treaty of
our Goverment with the Indian tribes; but he was
in the Cherokee country when the treaty was made
with them, and he knew that that tribe, as well as
other tribes, had been grossly maltreated. He
wished to see some proper plan provided that
would secure the Indians themselves the enjoyment
of this money, that it might be applied to purposes
of education and general advancement of the rem-
nants of those once powerful tribes who were for-
merly spread abroad over our country.
Mr. WHITE wished to know of the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. McKay] whether there
was either in the law or in the treaty to which the
gentleman had referred, any provision for the ap-
pointment, of preachers among the Indian tribes;
and whether there was any authority in the Secre-
tary of War, or the agent or sub-agent, or any
officer of our Government, to expel any preacher
from the Indian territory.
Mr. McKAY replied that certainly there was no
provision in the law prescribing what denomina-
tion of preachers should be employed. There was
nothing in the law of this kind. The Government
did not recognise any kind of religion, as the gen-
tleman very well knew.
Mr. WHITE said it was for the purpose of car-
lyingout this principle that he oflered this amend-
ment. The " man of the black robe''—as the
Catholic priests were termed by the Indians—had
been driven away from them; and he wished, by
his amendment, to secure to them the privilege of
employing their own ministers.
Mr. GRAHAM said this Indian bill was a very
important one, proposing, as it did, to appropriate
about one and a quarter million of dollars. And
he thought it was very obvious, from the debate
which they had had upon it, that a large majority
of this committee were not prepared to render their
verdict in regard to it. This was the case with
himself, and he presumed, from the indications,
that it was the case with other gentlemen.
Mr. G. referred to the difficulties which lay in
the way of a proper and equitable discharge of our
obligations, and of our duties growing out of our
relations with the Indians, and he mentioned the
case of the Miamies, which had been noticed yes-
terday, where an annuity of about $05,000 was
appropriated to 650 Indians. Originally that tribe
had been composed of some 4,000 people, and
from this they had dwindled down to their present
number. Every one who was acquainted with the
subject, knew 'that when the Indians were sur-
rounded by white people, they began to deteriorate
and diminish. This was the case with the Cher-
okee!? in his district, who were now reduced to
some 11 or 12,000, and were still depreciating.
When these annuities had been stipulated by our
Government to be paid, their numbers were much
larger than at pic.scnt. The tribes were rapidly
decicasingin numbers, but still it was urged that,
however small they might become, and, by conse-
quence, how large soever the proportion which
went to each person might become, still our Gov-
ernment was bound to pay them the same amount.
Me wished to know where the tribe character
ceased, and whoie the individual character began.
He was willing to throw m as many barriers as
possible to keep speculators from plundering these
defenceless Indians. Every one knew, who knew
anything of the subject, that the vilest frauds, the
rankest injustice, were perpetrated upon this peo-
ple. But the idea of giving $65,000 to 650 Indians,
is what the President and Senate never intended.
But they were not here merely to execute their
will; they must have a conscience and judgment
of their own; they must look into this matter, and
understand the ground on which they act. He
did not intend to reflect upon the officer who had
charge of this department; but he had not satisfied
him (Mr. G.) that these appropriations ought to
be made to the extent proposed. He knew it had
been said heretofore, " let us pass this bill, and by
this time next year we will know more about this
matter." i( Next year" came; and what then?
It was " next year" again; and so time was never
found to thoroughly investigate this matter. He
said, let them examine this matter now. Action
he wanted, promises they had had long enough.
He could not believe it ever was intended, as these
tribes go down, down, down, until there is only
a single man left, that that individual was to re-
ceive the same amount as the tribe did when it
numbered 10,000 persons.
He therefore moved that this bill be laid aside to
be taken up again next week—Thursday—with a
view, in the mean time, to ascertain (if they could)
from the Secretary of War, the number of Indians
belonging to these tribes when the treaties were
made, and the number rer/.aming now, that the
annuities might be made pro rata.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON desired the gentleman
from North Carolina to withdraw his proposition
to lay the bill aside. Certainly, from his own
argument, it must be very evident that they could
not obtain such information as would enable them
to act any more understanding^ upon the bill now
before the committee. The gentleman's objection
to action upon the bill now, he understood to be,
a lack of information upon the subject; and the
gentleman desired to commence a system of reform
and retrenchment. Now, he had heard it charged
that ihe Indian Depaitment was the theatie of
probably as much or more fraud than any other
department of the Government. But he asked
the gentleman, can he reach these frauds upon
