1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
ing committees of the House, in which they had
confidence. He would ask his honorable friend,
if he thinks for himself, why he has not commenced
thinking a little sooner? His mind seemed to act
rather slow for the business of Congress. By refer-
ence to this bill, it would be seen that the honora-
ble chairman of the Ways and Means reported it,
and it was printed on the 9th of January, and now
it was the 19th February, during which time it had
been in pendency, and yet the gentleman had not
read the Indian treaties, and (he supposed) had not
commenced (i thinking" upon the subject until to-
day; and now he was waked up in violent opposi-
tion to this bill; because, forsooth, the committee
will not wait a month longer, and allow the gentle-
man to read the Indian treaties. He did not under-
take to rebuke the gentleman; he had the right to
read them, or not to read them, and he had the
same right to think in that independent way in
which he says he does, and in which no doubt he
does; but then he could not ask the Committee of
Ways and Means to agree to delay the important
business of this Congress for months, in order to
allow him time to obtain this information. If he
could not examine a few Indian treaties in a month
and nearly a half, what was he to do with the bal-
ance of the business which came before the House,
and which required a much more extended exami-
nation ?
The gentleman said he had contributed his
share to reform the abuses in the Indian depart-
ment. Mr. H. had no personal knowledge of the
fact; but from his knowledge of the character of
the honorable gentleman, he had no doubt he
would be one of the very many men who would
do as much as any one for the correction of abuses
which came under his control.
But he said weeds would grow in good ground.
This, however, was not a case which assimilated
itself to a summer ploughing. It was true, then,
that constant weeding was required; but here do
the work right at the start—so surround and bar
up those appropriations from speculators and plun-
derers that there would remain 310 hope for them—
and the field would not require weeding every
week.
But how could they do upon an appropriation
bill what was required to be done ? That was
what he asked; and he did not think it exactly
kind in the gentleman from North Carolina to
make the motion he did. He did not think that
was the sort of course he should pursue in oppo-
sing a bill, when he brought not forward one sol-
itary proposition of amendment. He did not in-
timate that he had prepared the means by which
he would remedy the abuses which he alleges to
exist, if they delayed the bill.
In reference to one point made by that gentle-
man and by others, let him say one word: Suppose
we had made a treaty with a tribe of Indians, by
which we purchased their property, and agreed
to pay them, say $50,000, their number being
5,000. Then suppose in the course of a few years,
after we had obtained their property, and then-
lands had passed into the hands of our citizens,
and were yielding all their products to this Govern-
ment, the number of Indians be reduced to 1,000:
the gentleman, as he understood him, would pro-
pose to reduce the annuity paid in compensation for
this property to one-fifth of what was stipulated in
solemn treaty by this Government! Did not the
honorable member know, if the contract was good
under the treaty when the Indians were 5,000 in
number—if we obtained a valid consideration for
the sum we pay—if the tribe were reduced down
to one man—he would be entitled to it, if he could
be called the remnant and remainder of the tribe,
retaining its nationality, and we would be equally
bound to pay it?
Mr. H. also illustrated what he conceived to be
the weakness of the position he was combating,
by supposing, vice versa, that the tribe was to in-
crease to twice or to ten times its original number,
after the treaty was made. In that case, surely the
gentleman from North Carolina would be the last
to propose that our annuity should be proportion-
ately increased. But the one thing was as reason-
able as the other.
He was willing to go with the gentleman in re-
trenchment, and he should like very much if some
bill could be brought forward for rectifying all the
abuses connected with the Indian department.
Though he was not familiarly acquainted with the
subject, yet he feared some reforms were necessa-
ry among our Indian agents. He believed there
should be some sort of restriction upon the money
paid to the Indians, so that it should not pass into
the hands of those cormorants who had been al-
luded to, who hang upon the skirts of the Indian
tribes to plunder them of their just receipts, and
devour their substance. But this reform could not
be accomplished in this bill; it might be delayed
six months longer, and it could not be. He there-
fore trusted the bill would be acted upon without
postponement.
Mr. McKAY rose to correct a misapprehension
which he feared had resulted from some former re-
marks which he had made. He wished to do away
the impression that these expenditures were of a
permanent nature; that impression was erroneous;
these annuities were temporary. The amount paid
to the Miamies, who numbered only 650 souls, was
§66,000; but this would not be the case Ions;. He
referred to an item of $10*000 paid to the Miamies
under the treaty of 24th of October, 1834, and sta-
ted that this was the last of ten annual instalments
stipulated to be paid; the next item was $12,500,
which would continue only two years more. ^ The
amount of annuities now so large, would, alter a
few years, be exceedingly small.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said that we had dis-
tinct laws, under which we proposed to make these
distinct appropriations. We were now called upon
by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Gra-
ham,] to postpone these appropriations for the pur-
pose of modifying existing laws: this would be a
very extraordinary procedure. He had listened
with plensure to the remarks of the gentleman from
Missouri, and the practical illustrations which he
had given. Tie concurred with that gentleman,
that the Indians wore under the tutorage of this
Government: and if any portion of our policy was
attended with peculiar delicacy, and required a
most scrupulous coursc, it was in regard to these
Indians, whom, in ihe progress of civilization, we
had deprived of their lands. Again: we had made
solemn contracts with these Indians, and wo had
made them in anticipation of the events which had
occurred. Some of them were made thirty or for-
ty years ago; and in contemplation of the fact that
the ftribc would dwindle away, or even become
finally extinct, how could we, in contemplation of
these contracts and of the claims which the Indians
had upon us for having usurped their territory,
now undertake to make a change in our policy in
regard to them5
Mr. WHITE advocated the amendment which
he had offered, and which looked to the security of
the Indians from any improper influence or inter-
ference in the application of the money appropri-
ated for their benefit. In regard to the Winneba-
goes, he mentioned that the only person whom
they relied upon to protect their rights had been ex-
pelled from their territory.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone, and it was rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said that the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from New Yoik
[Mr. White] would certainly fail of its object: if
the person to whom he alluded had been expelled
from the Winnebago country, it must have been
with the assent of the authorities of that nation.
He hoped that amendment would not pass, and
that the amendment ottered by the delegate from
Wisconsin would pass.
Mr. McKAY remarked that the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Mar-
tin1,] as a substitute for that offered by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. White,] had been, as
he understood, approved by the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
The amendment was then agreed to; and the
amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. McKAY moved that the committee rise and
report the bill.
Mr. HARALSON moved to lay the bill aside.
Mr. THOMASSON offered another amendment,
providing that no part of the money appropriated
in this bill should be applied to the support of the
Choctaw Academy in Kentucky.
The amendment was rejected.
The committee then rose, and reported the bill
and amendments to the House.
And the question being on concurring in the
amendments, and ordering the bill to a third read-
ing,
Mr. G. W. JONES demanded the previous
question; which, by ayes 88, noes not counted, was
seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
The amendments were then concurred in.
And on the question of ordering the bill to a
third reading—
Mr. COBB demanded the yeas and nays, but
withdrew it, intending to renew it on the question
of the passage of the bill.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading note;
And, having been read a third time by its title,
and the question being on its final passage,
Mr. COBB demanded the previous question.
Mr. THOMASSON desired to move an amend-
ment, (which was not read, but which the reporter
supposes to be the same us that rejected in com-
mittee, in relation to the Choctaw Academy in
Kentucky.)
The SPEAKER said no amendment was now
in order.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Mr. COBB asked the yeas and nays; which were
ordered.
And the question, " Shall this bill passr" was
then taken, and decided in the affirmative, as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Stephen Adams, An-
derson, Arnold, Atkinson, Barringer, Bayly, Bed-
mger, Bell, Benton, Biggs, James Black, James
A. Black, Bowlin, Brinkerhoff, Brockenbrough,
Brodhead, Milton Brown, William G. Brown,
Buffington, Burt, Wm. W. Campbell, Cathcart,
John G. Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Reu-
ben Chapman, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke,
Collainer, Collin, Constable, Cianston, Crozier,
Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Dar-
ra<rh, Garrett Davis, Jefferson Davis, De Mott,
Dtllmgham, Dobbin, Douglass, Dunlap, Ed sail,
Ellsworth, Erdman, J. H. Ewing, Faran, Fick-
lin, Foster, Fries, Garvm, Giles, Goodyear, Gor-
don, Graham, Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Har-
per, Herrick, Hilliard, Tioge, Elias B. Holmes,
Hopkins, Hough, John W." Houston, George S.
Houston, E. W. Hubard, Hudson, Ilungerford,
James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn
Jones, Daniel P. King, Preston King, Lawrence,
Leake, Leib, Lewis, Levin, Lumpkin, McClel-
land, McConnell, McDowell, McHenry, McKay,
Marsh, John P. Martin, Barclay Martin, Miller,
Morse, Moulton, Niven, Norris, Owen, Parish,
Payne, Pendleton, Perrill, Price, Rathbun, Reid,
Ilelfe, Ritter, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Russell, Sawyer, Scammon, Seaman, Seddon,
Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson,
Truman Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Robert Smith. Stanton, St. John, Strong. Sykes,
Thomasson, Ren]. Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Thunnan, Tibbatts, Toombs, Trumbo, Vinton,
Wentworth, Wheaton, Wick, Winthrop, Wood,
Woodward, Woodworth, Yancey, Yell, Young,
and Yost—351.
NAYS—Messrs. John Q. Adams, Ashmun,
Blanchard, Culver, Dixon, Giddings, Henley, S.
D. Hubbard, and Mcllvaine—9.
So the bill was passed.
Whereupon the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 20, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part, and
(the further reading having, on motion of Mr. E.
B. HOLMES, been dispensed with) was appro-
ved.
The SPEAKER announced that the business
first in order would be the bill reported yesterday
from the Committee on Mileage.
Mr. ROBERTS, on leave given, offered the fol-
lowing resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post-route from New
Orleans, by Gainesville, on East Pearl river, to
Jackson, Mississippi.
Mr. E. B. HOLMES, on leave given, presented
a memorial of the Mayor and Common Council of
the city of Rochester, praying an appropriation
