412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
for the immediate fortification of the port of Ro-
chester, and for storing at that point military sap-
plies, and stationing there such force as shall be at
all tunes sufficient to put an enemy in check.
Mr. H. moved that the memorial be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and that it be
printed.
Mr. PRESTON KING-, remarking that it had
not been customary to print memorials, asked a
division of the question; which was ordered.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
But the printing was refused.
Mr. EWING, of Tennessee, on leave, gave no-
tice of a bill to amend the judiciary system of the
United States.
The SPEAKER said, that the unfinished busi-
ness was the following bill in relation to mileage:
" Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Ihpre- j
' sentatives of the United States cf America i?i Con-
gress assembled, That no Senator shall receive, or
i be allowed, any travel fees whatsoever for attend-
* ing any callcd Executive session of the Senate,
' unless he shall have actually travelled and per-
' formed the journey for attending such meeting;
i and that no constructive travel to attend such Ex-
1 ecutive session shall be made, or in any case al-
' lowed."
And that the pending question would be on the
demand (of Mr. Jacob Thompson) for the previous
question.
And the vote, having been taken, stood ayes 32,
noes 26.
No quorum voting, and nothing like a quorum
present,
Mr. HARALSON moved a call of the House;
which was ordered.
And the Clerk proceeded to call the roll, but had
not comnletcd it, when, on motion of
Mr. COBB—the seats having been rapidly filling
up in the interim—all further proceedings on the
call were dispensed with.
The question then rccurrcd on the demand for .
the previous question, and the vote being taken, i
stood ayes 73, noes not counted. j
So there was a second. j
And the main question was ordered to be now i
taken.
The SPEAKER said the main question would
be on the engrossment of the bill.
But Mr. JACOB THOMPSON submitted that
it could not be so, inasmuch as, before demanding
the previous question yesterday, he had moved an
amendment; and if that amendment did not appear
on the Journal, he should move that it be corrected.
The SPEAKER said he would consult the Jour-
nal.
Mr. THOMPSON. If it is not on the Journal,
then the Journal is wrong. I
The amendment was found, and is as follows : i
Strike out from the word " unless" to the word !
" meeting," and insert " whenever the same shall :
be called within ten days after the adjournment of !
any regular session." I
The question was then put on the amendment, !
and it was rejected. I
After it was rejected, Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL !
said he was desirous to record his name on the 1
amendment, and asked for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER said the amendment had al-
ready been rejected, and it was too late to call for
the yeas and nays.
And the question now was, u Shall this bill be
engrossed for a third reading?"
Mr. P. KING asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF called for the reading of
the bill; which was read.
And the question was then taken, and decided in
the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Stephen Adams, An-
derson, Arnold, Barrmger, Bayly, Bedinger, Bell,
Benton, James Black, James A. Black, Bowlin,
Boyd, Brinkerhoff, Brodhead,Milton Brown, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Buffington, Burt, William W.
Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, Cathcart,
J. G. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Clarke,
Cobb, Cocke, Collamer, Collin, Constable, Cran-
ston, Crozier, Cullom, Culver, Cummins, Cun-
ningham, Daniel, Darragh, Garrett Davis, De
Mott, Dillingham, Dixon, Dobbin, Dunlap, Erd-
man, John H. Ewing, Edwin H. Ewing, Faran,
Ficklin, Foot, Foster, Gentry, Giles, Goodyear,
Gordon, Graham, Grover, Hamlin, Haralson,
Harmanson, Harper, Henley, Herrick, Hoge,
Ehas B. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, John W.
Houston, George S. Houston, Ed. W. Hubard,
Samuel D. Hubbard, Hungerford, Washington
Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jen-
kins, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George
W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Daniel P. King,Preston
King, Thomas B. Kin«;, Lawrence, Lealte, Levin,
Long, Lumpkin, McClean, McClemand,McCon-
nell, McDowoll, McGaughey, McHcnry, McKay,
John P. Martin, Barclay Martin, Morris, Mose-
1 ey, Moul ton, Ni ven, N orris, 0 wen, Parish, Payne,
Phelps, Price, Ramsey, Rathbun, Reid, Relfe,
Ritter, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Runk,
Russell, Sawtelie, Sawyer, Scammon, Schenck,
Seaman, Seddon, Severance, Alexander D. Sims,
Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Truman Smith, Al-
bert Smith,ThomasSmith,Calcb B.Smith, Robert
Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Strohm, Strong, Thi-
bodeaux, Benjamin Thompson, Thurman, Tib-
batts, Toombs, Towns, Trumho, Vance, Went-
worth, Wheaton, Wick, Williams, Wood, Wood-
worth, Yancey, Yell, and Young—153.
NAYS—Messrs. John CI. Adams, Ashmun,
Baker, Giddings Charles J. Ingersoll, Mcllvaine,
Morse, Rhett, Root, and Winthrop—10.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading now.
And having been read a third time, and the ques-
tion being "Shall this bill pass?"
The previous question was demanded and sec-
onded.
And the main question was ordered, and, being
taken, the hill was passed.
The SPEAKER was proceeding to call the com-
mittees for reports, commencing where the call had
yesterday been snsnonded.
Mr. HARALSON", carrying out the suggestion
he had made yesterday, moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. DANIEL-was understood to express the
hope that the House would not sanction the mo-
tion, and tlui«s put aside the regular business of
' the day, whHi was the consideration of bills on
1 the private calendar.
i Mr. I. E. HOLMES rose (he said) to a privi-
| ]e«ed question. The House the other day hadre-
• ferrod a certain resolution to the Select Committee
■ on the Rules. The Committee was now ready to
; report. He believed that report would take pre-
cedence of all other business.
The SPEAKER said he thought the report
would not take precedence. It had been customa-
ry, in the resolution appointing committees on this
! subject, to insert n provision givingpower to report
! at any time. In the present instance, the Speaker
believed, no such order had been made.
Mr. T-TOLMES. None at all.
The SPEAKER. Then it will not be in order
for the o-entleman to report.
Mr. HENLEY inquired of the Speaker wheth-
er there was not a special business set apart for
this day?
The SPEAKER. According to the rules, this
is one of the days designated for the consideration
of bills on the private calendar. But a majority
of the House can at any time resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. A motion to that effect has been made
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Haralson.]
If that~mntion should be voted down, it will then
be competent for a majority to go into committee
on the private calendar.
Mr. HENLEY. Is it not competent for the
House to go into committee on that calendar, with-
out any motion to that ciTcct being made?
The SPEAKER. It is not. Previous to the
adoption of the rule of the 1st June, 1840, it was
common for the House to go into committee of the
whole on the private calendar, as a matter of course,
on the day set apart for the consideration of that
business. Subsequent to the adoption of that rule,
which provides that a majority only may go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the Chair finds that the uniform practice has been,
that whatever motion was first made should first
be put. For instance: if the motion was first, made
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, the question on that motion was first
put; and if a majority voted in its favor, it was
agreed to. If, on the other hand, the motion was
first made to s-o into committee of the whole on
the private calendar, the question on that motion
was first taken; and a majority could carry that
also. So that, the gentleman from Georgia hav-
ing first made the motion to go into Committee of
the Whole on the slate of the Union, that was the
first question in order. If the House refused to
agree to that motion, then amotion would be in
order to go into committee of the whole on the
private calendar.
Mr. HENLEY inquired whether it would be in
order for him to submit the last-named motion now,
so that, in case the former motion should be voted
down, his motion would be next in order?
The SPEAKER said, he presumed there was
no objection to the gentleman's submitting that
motion.
So Mr. HENLEY moved that the House go
into committee of the whole on the private cal-
endar.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON suggested that the pend-
ing motion should be withdrawn, that the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] might
make his report from the Committee on the Rules.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not de-
batable.
Mr. HENLEY asked the Speaker to state to the
House that there were two motions pending, and
what these motions were.
The SPEAKER explained.
Mr. G. W. JONES inquired whether to-day
and to-morrow, having been set apart by the rules
for private business, a vote of two-thirds would not
be required to set that order of business aside ?
The SPEAKER said no; because, by a standing
rule of the House, a majority could at any time go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was then taken by tellers on the
motion of Mr. Haralson; and the vote stood,
ayes 43, noes 89.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER said that the business first
coming up in this order would be the unfinished
business of Saturday last; which was the bill for
the relief of John Anderson, the pending question
being on the engrossment thereof.
Mr. Hopkins was called to preside pro tern.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of J. K. Walker,
Esq., his private secretary, informing the House
that the President had approved anu signed the
bill to enlarge the powers of the several Orphans'
courts of the District of Columbia.
The bill for the relief of John Anderson was
then debated at considerable length by Messrs.
RELFE, PHELPS, GORDON, RATHBUN,
BOWLTN, CLARKE, (in inquiry,) JOHN A,
ROCKWELL, THURMAN, (in inquiry,) YIN-
TON, and DANIEL.
Mr. NORRIS demanded the previous question;
which was seconded.
And the main question (on the engrossment)
was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. McCONNELL asked the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
And the main question was then taken, (by tel-
lers,) and the vote stood, ayes 32, noes 69.
No quorum voted.
But a quorum was certainly present.
After some conversation, Mr. HAMLIN (si-
multaneously with Mr. McCONNELL) moved
that the bill be laid on the bill; and asked the yeas
and nays, which were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the House adjourn,
which motion was rejected.
And the question " Shall this bill he laid on the
table ?" was then taken, and decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 99, noes 50.
So the bill was laid on the table.
And then the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 21, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER said the business first in order
would be the call of the committees for reports.
Mr. HAMLIN asked leave to present a petition.
Objected to. -
The SPEAKER remarked that the gentleman
could present if uunder the rule."
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
