414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. SEDDON: The petition of John Carr, John Beas-
ly, and S. Stevenson, for compensation while detained as
witnesses to testify against Haiper Kodman and others, part
of ttie crew of the blup Magnet leiened to the Committee
oi Claims.
By Mr. SYICES: The petition of Gracc Hudnut,of Prince-
ton, New Jersey, for a pennon: refeired to the Committee
on Pensions.
Jiy Mi. McCLERNAND. Several petitions from the citi-
zens ot Illinois and Indiana, praying the establishment of a
post-ioutc between Evansville, on the Ohio liver, and Sa-
lem, on the great western mail route: referred to the Com-
mittee 011 the Post Office and Post Bonds.
By Mr. A JOIIiVSON The memorial of Major William
MeUnde, of Greene county, Tennessee, praying Congress to
giant him a back pension." referied to the Committee on In-
valid Pension*.
13 y Mi. PERRILL: The papeis of James Coe, in relation
to an invalid pension: referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
By Mr CUNNINGHAM: The petition of Ruth Freeman,
widow of Captain Thomas Freeman, deceased, late ot But-
ler county, Ohio, prajniij Congre-s, to pa*s a bill foi hei le-
hef, in consideration foi benices leiutered in the war of
18L-2, and foi money advanced by her said deceased hu<s
band to the soldiers under Ins command; the lemonstrance
of Donn Piatt and 9o8 otheis, voteis ot Hamilton county,
Ohio, against the admission of Texas as a slave State, with
a representation based in whole or in part on slavery; also,
piotesting against the admission of any State on the same
system.
By Mr. J. P. MARTIN". The petition of Elijah Combs, sen.,
of Peny county, Kentucky, for additional pay for can-} m<j
the mail from 01.iy Couit house, via Perr> Court-house, to
Richmond, Kentucky.
By Mi. J. G. CHAPMAN : The memorial of the member
of tiie Fanners Clubot Sandy Spiing, Montgomery county,
Maryland, asking lor a repeal of the duty on guano.
By Mi. I10GE • The putiuon of citizen^ of the State
of Illinois, asking Conure^s to establish a mail-ioule from
Rock isiainl, in tiie county of Rock Island, to Milleisbmg,
m the county of Meteei, m said State ot Illinois. The pe-
tition of3t citizens, of the St:ito of Illinois, ;wkmg Collisions
to establish a tn-weeklv maii-ioute fiom Hock Island, in
the county of Roek island, to Di\on, in Die county of Lee,
in said State of lllmoi-.. The petition of 03 citizens of the
State ol Illinois, asking Congte.-s to establish a tn-weeklv
mail-route from Roek Maud, in the county of Rock Island,
to Knoxvilie, in the county ot'Knox, in said State ol Illinois'
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 23, 1846.
The Journal being about to be read,
On motion, of Mr. MANGUM,
The reading of the Journal was postponed until
to-morrow morning.
The Senate then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 24, 1846.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a re-
port of the Secretary of War, communicating:, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, infor-
mation concerning the mineral regions of Lake Su-
perior; the defects of the present system in rela-
tion to the same; and the legislative provisions ne-
cessary for their future management or disposition;
which was read, and, on motion of
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY presented the petition of Henry
ICeliam and 208 otheis, citizens of Arkansas, pray-
ing the establishment of a post-route from Pine
Bluff, Jefferson, to Camden, Washita county, via
Taledega township, Jefferson county, Smith town-
ship, Bradley county, Mark's landing, on the Sa-
line river, Warren township, Bradley county, and
Jackson township, in Dallas county, in the State
of Arkansas; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
RAILROAD TO OREGON.
Mr. BREESE presented the memorial of A.
Whitney, praying Congress to set apart a portion
of the public domain, to enable him to carry out
his project of constructing a railroad from Lake
Michigan to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. B. offered a few remaiks in relation to the
proposition of the memorialist, saying that he did
not ask Congress to appropriate any moneys for
the purpose alluded to, neither did lie ask an abso-
lute grant of land, but simply that a portion of the
public lands be set apart as a fund out of which the
road should be built.
Mr. B. also observed that the project was one of
much importance, not only to this country, but to
tfce world; and considering the vast quantity of
public lands at their disposal—about 300 millions
of acres, and almost as much more subject to pre-
emption claims—the quantity asked in the memo-
rial for the project—ninety-two millions—would
not excite surprise. The lacts stated in detail in
the memorial were important, and he believed great
advantages would accrue to commerce by making
the proposed railroad. A statement was made at
the last session of Congress, which was referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals in the House,
and a favorable report was made. Since then the
memorialist had gone over and exanlined the route,
and ascertained that it lay through vast tracts of
fertile land, and that no one mile of it attained an
elevation of more than 25 feet. It was desirable
that these lands should be set apart for the purpose
contemplated, as they would be settled by the
grantees, who could ledccm them by completing
the road; thus settling the country, and effecting
this extensive object at the same time. He be-
lieved it was the only practicable plan which had
yet been presented, and he would accordingly ask
that it be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and, with the skeleton map accompanying
the same, be printed for the use of the Senate;
which motions were se\erallv agreed to.
Mr. THOMAS CLAYTON presented the peti-
tion of the heiis-at-law of Edwaid Armstrong, de-
ceased, an officcr of the revolutionary army, pray-
ing to be allowed arrears of pension; which was
referred to the Committer on Pensions.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
tlie Mayor and Common Council of Rochester,
New York, praying tlie erection of fortifications at
that port; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DIX. presented two petitions of shipmasters
and seamen navigating the lakes, piaying that Cat-
taraugus harbor may be completed and lighted;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. D. also presented petitions from citizens of
Ontauo, Genesee, Chemung, and Oneida counties,
State of New York, praying the abrogation of cer-
tain treaties made with the Seneca Indians.
Mr. SEVIER submitted further documents in
relation to the claim of Solomon Drew; which was
refei red to Committee on the Distiict of Columbia.
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted three memorials
of citizens of Florida, praying the erection of a sea
wall and battery at the port of St. Marks, in that
State; which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. BAGBY submitted the following resolution,
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to transmit to the Senate the papers in the case
of John C. Whittell, in which he claims two tracts
of land under the Choctaw treaty of Dancing Rab-
bit Cieek.
Mr. SIMMONS submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Manufactures
be instructed to inquire into and ascertain the ac-
tual market value (at the principal ports) of the
leading articles which are imported and sold in
competition with similar products of our own
agriculture, mines, manufactures, and mechanical
trades for the two years last past, and for the two
years next preceding the passage of the existing
tariff of duties on imports; also, to ascertain the
actual market value of American production m the
same market, and for the same periods; and fur-
ther to inquire and ascertain what has been the
ordinary rate of wages for labor in the leading j;
branches of industry for the two years last past, j|
and the two years immediately preceding them.
Mr. SPEIGHT inquired of the gentleman from ]|
Rhode Islend, whether the information sought by \
the above resolution was not furnished by the late 1
report of the Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. SIMMONS (m reply) said he did not de- j
sire to press the consideration of the resolution ;
to-day, if there was any objection thereto. The
Committee on Manufactures would avail them- i
selves of all documentary evidence which they ;
could obtain; but they of course should not be |
precluded from obtaining information from other j
sources.
The question being taken upon the resolution, it i
was agreed to. i
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following; res- j
o-lution; which was agreed to: !
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law for the erection of a light-house at
or near the extremity of South Cape, near the
mouth of the Ocklochoney river, in the State of
Florida; and into the expediency of providing by
law for the placing of one or more beacons or
buoys on the shoals in the Gulf of Mexico off said
cape.
Mr. NILES submitted the following resolution;
which lies over:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be di-
rected to inform the Senate whether any contract
or contracts have been made for the transportation
of the United States mail between any of the ports
of the United States, and any port or ports of a
foreign Power, in pursuance of an act approved the
3d of March, 1845, entitled "An act to provide
for the transportation of the mail between the
United States and foreign countries, and for other
purposcs^'and if any such contract has been made,
to report the terms of the same, with a statement
of the amount of postage derived under the same,
so far as tlie returns of the department will enable
lum to do so.
Mr. EVANS, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
Isaac Ilsley; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the 4C bill for the
relief of the forward officers of the late exploring
expedition," reported the same without amend-
ment. The bill, and report accompanying the
same, were ordered to be printed.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Seming-
ton Buffenberger, without amendment.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, submit-
ted an adverse report upon the petition of William
Pearce; which report was ordered to be printed.
Also, a bill for the relief of Henry Newman,
accompanied by a wiitten report; which report and
bill were ordered to be printed.
Mr. B. further, from the same committee, to
whom was referred a bill to grant to the State of
Illinois certain alternate sections of the public
lands, to aid in the construction of the Northern
Cross and Central Railroads in said State, reported
the same with amendments, and a recommenda-
tion that it be passed; which bill, and the accom-
panying report, were ordered to be printed.
Mr. "PENNYBACKER, from the Committee
on Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Peter
Yon Schmidt, compensating him for a model of a
pneumatic dry-dock, furnished for the use of the
mission to China; which report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. P., from the same committee, also submit-
ted an adverse report upon the petition of Samuel
Grice; which report was ordered to be printed.
Also, an adverse report upon the petition of
James L. Sawyer; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. TURNEY, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Robert and
William Armstrong, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. T. also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the House of Represent-
atives for the relief of Joseph Kimball, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, reported to the Senate the joint resolution
to authorize the transmission of presentation of
books to the Minister of Justice of France, in ex-
change for books recei\ed from him, without
amendment, and moved that the previous orders
of the day be postponed in order that said joint
resolution be immediately considered; which mo-
tion was agreed to.
The joint resolution was then considered as in
committee of the whole; when
Mr. PEARCE moved that the blank left for
; the sum to be expended for the purposes of the
- joint resolution be filled with $500; which amend-
• ment was agreed to.
i The joint resolution as amended was reported
i to the Senate; the amendment was concurred in,
1 and the joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
I for a third reading.
I Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committed on Public
