THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR Si RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
in England, and openly published, before Cook left
the British stores. In proof of this he would re •
}f,to the London Annual Register of June, 1776.
K <a • r,®ac' an extract expressly referring to
the bpamsh discoveries on the northwest coast,
where Cook afterwards went. He also read from
the London Quarterly Review of 1822, in which
the voyage and discoveries of Kotzebue were re-
viewed, and in which it was expressly admitted by
the reviewers that England couid set up no claim
to priority of discovery.]
This pretty effectually disposed of all claims
rounded on the voyages of Cook.
So far as Great Britain relied on the more per-
fect discoveries of her navigators, it might be
worthy Of remark that this could not apply to
John Meares, who figured so largely in the his-
tory of her pretensions. This ubiquitous John
Meares was at Nootka a land speculator and deal-
er in furs; at sea he was a Portuguese captain
m London he was a lieutenant
m the British navy; and, as to his extreme accura
cy he cruised along the northwest const where the
Columbia enters the ocean by a mouth seven miles
wide, and declared that there was no such river
there as the Spaniards pretended. Tie prided him-
self greatly m exploding their pretended discovery
of a great river there which they railed the St
New Series....No. 27.
great river there which they railed the St.
Koque; and, to signalize his geographical triumph'
he named the bay " Deception,'5 and one of the
capes at the mouth of the river, opposite to Asto-
ria,''Disappointment.'> Vancouver, it was true,
did make a more accurate examination of die coast
but he did it after that coast, had been previously
surveyed, and with the charts of Perez and o"f
Gray in his hand. Yet he too declared that Gray
was mistaken; that there was no river there, nor
stream of any kind, unless it might lie a small
creek. But Gray and Ilecetuhad both discovered
the river, and Gray a few days after went again to
the spot, entered the river, and sailed tip its main
channel for some miles, slaying there some eight or
ten days. How, then, could it with truth be said
that Vancouver's discoveries, though later, were
more perfect than those of the Americans and Span-
iards ? 1
, Th*5 British !ail1 mucl> Rtress on Sir Alexander
McKenzie's alleged discovery of Frazer's river;
but there was no very distinct, proof that he dis-
covered its head-waters before us; and, if he did,
he had no authority from his Government. He
traced that small river, however, down toitsmonth
on which the British claimed the northern portion'
at least, of the territory. But Mr. D. looked unoii
Oregon as a whole, nor could the accidental dis-
covery of a small stream in the northern portion
of it, by a person without any authority from bis
Government, avail to establish a separate title to a
portion of it. While they held that the discove-
ries of Spain were not enough to give her a title to
any part of the country, she thought that the land-
ing at Nootka by a Portuguese captain, and the
discovery of the head-waters of a small stream by
an Indian trader, were all-suflicient, to give her title
to a country three times as large as England, at six
thousand miles distance, though the territory lay
immediately contiguous to the Spanish posses-
sions, and discovered throughout and taken pos-
session of by authorized officers of the Govern-
ment. England has practised on this principle al-
ways; but she could not show as good a title to
any part of her vast dominions (unless, perhaps,
to the island of England itself) as Spam could
show to the whole coast of North America. Her
charters to her colonies " from sea to sea" were
as valueless in the eyes of a Papist as the Pope's
charter to Spain would be in the eyes of a Protest-
ant. Neither conveyed any valid title unless fol- J
lowed up by discovery, by intent of settlement, by i
acts of sovereignty, and by actual occupation. The I
French first discovered the Ohio; but'the British I
claimed the river and its valley; they went to war
for it, and held it for a long succession of years.
Cook discovered and took possession of Australia
in the name of his king, and England had held the I
country ever since. So obviously was this prin- I
ciple recognised by Great Britain, that the British '
27
Minister himself never did discredit the Spanish
title m his correspondence, but only set the British
claim against that of the United States. A careful
examination of the correspondence would show
this. Now if the Spanish title was good to any
part of the country, she held a part of the links
which made up the chain of title, and if we held
the rest we held the chain. Whoever had links
of their own, and then possessed themselves of
those of Spain, doubtless held the whole chain.
The union of both made the chain perfect. A ten-
ant in common could purchase out the other tenant:
a life-estate man could purchase out a remainder
man, or a remainder man could buy out the life-
estate man, without weakening thereby his own
title. 3
But did the British Government claim the title to
Oregon5 Mr. 1). should perhaps astound some
persons by saying that they did not; but he would
now proceed to show that it was a fact that Great
Britain did not claim the title, and therefore it was a
mere waste of words to argue against and to defeat
her claim.
Mr. Addington, when negotiating with Mr. Gal-
latin ill IK-'fi, laid no claim to the country. [Here
Ml. O. quoted from the diplomatic correspondence.]
Wliate\er the title of England may have been prior
(o the Nootka convention in 1790, after that in-tin- 1
ment her claims were no longer vague and uncer-
tain, but were all imbodied in that"" treaty. The
British rights in Oregon were lived by tlie'conven- !
tion of Nootka. Tf we would know 'exactly what
they were, we must go there to find them. "If she !
had no title there, she had no title. Spain lost no !
rights in 1790, and the British gained no rights but !
according to the stipulations of that treaty? I
Now, we hold that that convention was abrogated ■
and abolished by the w.u-of ]7%\ England dc- ii
mod this, but her negotiators did not seem to be
quite. clear as to that, matter. They contended that
if the convention was abrogated by the war, still it
revived again in 1814. But he insisted that it was
her own doctrine that war destroyed such a treaty,
for she held that her treaty with us as to fishing
and settlement on the coast of Labrador was de-
feated by our war against her in 1812. If the prin-
ciple was good as to the Labrador treaty, it was
eqnallygood as to the Nootka Sound treaty. We
denied lhat. the treaty revived in 1814, because it
W" " ly a commercial treaty, referring to Spain
proper, and not applying to her colonics. But if
it was revived in lS)4, what followed' Spain
transferred all her title to Louisiana to us in 1800.
France claimed that Louisiana included eveiythinn-
to t.he ocean, including the northwest coast- and
she made her treaty, believing that thereby she.
transferred the whole northwest coast to us and !
we claimed lhat such was the fact; that the cession I
of Louisiana carried with it all Oicgon. Under '
that claim, whether good or bad, (and in this ar 1
gnmcnt it mattered little which.) wc took posses- 1
sion of the country under the order of our Govern-
ment; and the investigation of Lewis and Clarke
was followed up by acls of possession by Mr
Henry and Mr. Astor, both of whom took armed
occupation of the country and of the river, which
was its chief and most important feature Mr
Huskisson and Mr. Addington did not deny this
transier, but claimed that the question had pre-
viously been disposed of by the treaty of Nootka
and that they got rid of the force of that transfer
m that way.
Mr. I), would show that it had no such effcct
I he convention of Nootka was abolished by the
war of 17%. France made, the transfer in 1800
Spam m 1803, and we took possession in 180 > in
1800, in 1808, in 1810, and in 1813. According £
England _s own showing, the convention did not
revive, ii at all, till 1814: so that during (he inter-
val, while the treaty was null, we took armed
possession of the country, and it was still ours.
But what do we find in relation to the Nootka
Sound convention, taking the account given of it
by British writers themselves > We find that the
whole of the rights claimed by Great Britain with-
in the. Oregon territory were founded upon that
convention. Notwithstanding all the efforts ofber
j ingenious and powerful diplomatists, she cannot
ij make out the existence of any other rights than
jj those which she received from it. Now, let us
Ij examine that convention: for if all her rights rest
■ upon it, it is proper that wc should look for them
j there; and if she has no rights guarantied to her
: by it, then she has no rights whatever; for if they
cannot be found there, they cannot be found any-
where. Sir, I shall show that she has not a scin-
tilla of right. I do not deny that her subjects have
rights; but she, as a Government, has none. Any
one who examines the convention must come to
this conclusion. The first article of the conven-
vention provides that the buildings and tracts of
lands situated on the northwestern coast which
had been taken fiom British subjects should be
restored to British subjects. The language of the
treaty is not that they be given up to the British
Government, but to British subjects. By the
second article, a just reparation was to be made
for all injuries arising from the acts of either.
According to the third article, in order to preserve
j a good understanding, not between the citizens
! and subjects of the parties, but this time between
j the parties themselves, it was agreed that the re-
i sportive subjects and citizens of both parties should
not be disturbed or molested m the enjoyment of
eveiy facility for carrying on their fisheries and
their trade with the natives.
[Mr. D. here quoted the language of the treaty
itself. Ho then continued.]
I read this for the purpose of showing the ab-
sence of all intention or expectation, on the part
of the British Government, of gaining any rights
under this convention, beyond those guarantied to
her subjects; first, the restoration of thepinilege
of occupying tcnqioiary habitations on land for
! the. pmposc of rarrying on trade with the natives;
and, secondly, that those who ventured their prop-
erty upon the sea, in prosecution of the fisheries
should not be molested. Great Britain, let me ob-
serve, always takes care of her subjects, and of
their interests. Would to God I could say the
same of my own Government! But did Great
Britain gain anything by this article of the conven-
tion ? Certainly not. The fourth article relates
to the same thing. The fifth article relates to the
restoration of property, as in the first. I consider
every syllabic of that convention as being perfect-
ly explicit and intelligible; and throughout its whole
contents you cannot find a passage which gives
Great Britain a right to exercise sovereignty with-
in the territory. Am I not right, then, in sayin°-
that Groat Britain has no right of sovereignty ui£
der the convention? She says that she has rights;
hut what arr they' She does not insist that the'
coinention gives her a right to go there for nation-
al purposes—a right to exercise sovereignty; not
at ail; but that she holds Spain accountable before
the nations of the earth, m case her subjects
should be denied the private rights of commerce
which Great Britain insisted that they ought to
enjoy.
\r\> •
hut, sir, we shall now approach, m the division
of our subject, the time when I suppose it will be
insisted, as far as I can gather from the history of
the matter, that Great Britain acquired new rights.
And 1 propose now to examine and see whether
she did acquire new rights. She restored by the
convention of 1818 what was taken from us in
1813, and at the same time she set up a pretended
title to the territory by discovery. She has assert-
ed that she acquired rights under the Nootka Sound
conve ition, and that she acquired rights by con-
quest. She claimed rights through three sources:
first, by discovery; secondly, by the stipulations
of the Nootka Sound convention; and, lastly, by
conquest. Yet in 1818 she restored to us, without
reservation, without protest, what she had de-
prived us of in the war of 1813. How did she
divide her title then ? It was merged, all of it, in
one. Though she had three sources of title, sho
had but one title; that she transferred. Is she not,
then, according to law and common sense, estop-
ped from sotfing up a title which she has transfer-
red ? At the time that convention was formed she
scarcely pretended to have a title. The Govern-
