422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
Mr. D. also presented the petition of the Com-
mon Council of the city ot Rochester, praying the
defence of the mouth of the Genesee river; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr, BENTON presented the petition of John
Baldwin, praying payment of the award made in
iiis favor under the Mexican indemnity; which
■was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
he instructed to inquire into the expediency of au-
thorizing by law the transportation of all species of
merchandize on the Grand and Cowskin rivers,
through the Indian country, west of the Slate of
Arkansas, provided the same can be done without
interfering with existing- prohibitions against the
sale of spirituous liquors to the Indians residing in
that country.
_ Mr- SIMMONS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be
instructed to report a bill for the employment of
Hiram Powers to execute an equestrian statue of
Washington, in bronze; and that they include
therein a clause, appropriating for that purpose
the necessary sum out of any money in the treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of ex-
amining into, and testing the usefulness of a pro-
peller invented by P. Lear.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of Francis Summeraner, reported a bill for
liis relief; which was read, and the accompanying
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. J also, from the same committee, submit-
ted an adverse report upon the petition of William
Pcnnoycr; which was read, and ordered to be
printed.
Alan, an adverse report upon ibe petition of
John England; which was read, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, an adverse report upon the petition of
Samuel Simpson; which report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported a bill for the relief of Richard and Benja-
min Kidd; which was read, and the accompanying
report was ordered to be printed
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition of Fiancis Sumter.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted yesterday by Mr.
Niles; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be di-
rected to inform the Senate whether any contract
or contracts have been made for the transportation
of the United States mail between any of the ports
of the United States and any port or ports of a
foreign Power, in pursuance of an act approved
the 3d of March, 1845, entitled "An act to provide
for the transportation of the mail between the Uni-
ted States and foreign countries, and for other pur-
poses;" and if any such contract has been made,
to report the terms of the same, with a statement
of the amount of postage derived under the same,
so far as the returns of the department will enable
him to do so.
The joint resolution to authorize the transmis-
sion and presentation of books to the Minister of
Justice of France, in exchange for books received
from him, was taken up, read a third time, and
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
adverse report of the Committee on Pensions on the
petition of Mary Jane West; which report was
concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs on the claim of David Rohb; which
report was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions, on the petition of Elizabeth Sailor; which
report was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions, on the petition of Hector Perkins; which
report was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Ofiice, on the petition of
David Little; which report was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on the
Judiciary, on (he petition of Edward S. Osgood;
which report was concurred in#
The PRESIDENT announced, as the next sub-
ject foi consideration, the " bill to aid the State of
Mississippi m the const ruction of a railroad from
Jackson, through Brandon, to the western boun-
dary of Alabama;'' when
Mr. SPEIGHT suggested that bill No. 4 of the
Senate, which had been made a special order,
should first be considered—more especially as it
referred to a subject of the same character. He
therefore moved that the prior orders of the day
be postponed, and that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the " bill to apply certain alter-
nate sections of the public domain toward the com-
pletion of works of internal improvement in the
State of Michigan, and for other purposes;" which
morion was agreed to.
The bill was then taken up, read, and considered
as in committee of the whole; when
Mr. WOODBRIDGE o fie red a few remarks ex-
planatory of the objects of the bill, and advocating
the completion of ihe works of internal improve-
ment alluded to, showing their necessity for the in-
terest, not only of the region of country in which
they arc situated, but of the, Union at large. Be-
fore Mr. W. had concluded his remarks he gave
way to
Mr. RRFESF,who submitted amotion that the
Sennte proceed to the consideration of the special
order; whHi motion was agreed to.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House had
passed an art to repeal the act requiring one of the
judges of the circuit court of the District of Co-
lumbia to reside m Alexandiia, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
SPECIAL ORDER.
At one o'clock, the Senate proceeded to the
consideration of the special order, being the Joint
Resolution of Mr. Ai.i.kk, as amended by the Com-
mittee on Foioign Relations, proposing to give no-
tice to Great Britain of the intention of the United
States to annul the convention for the joint occu-
pancy of the Oregon territory, and the resolutions
of Messrs. Haxneoan, Calhoun, and Critten-
doJv, and the Joint Resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives on the same subject.
The question pending being on the substitute
moved by Mr. Crittenden—
Mr. DICKINSON resumed hia remarks:
Mr. Puksident: I had nearly closed the remarks
which I had to submit to the Senate yesterday,
when I ga\e way for a motion that the Senate, go
into Executive session. I had endeavored to show
that the title of the United States to the whole of
the Oregon territory was perfect. I had admitted
that the citizens, or rather the subjects of Great
Britain, had certain rights there, which rights I en-
deavored to define; and, in speaking concerning the
negotiations which had taken place between the two
Governments, I endeavored to show, in the course
of the remarks which I made, that this Govern-
ment had been the party yielding ; that all conces-
sions had been on one side; and that the whole
difficulty which has arisen concerning the Oregon
territory has been the fruits of the convention of
1818. And for the purpose of making these posi-
tions the more clear, I had alluded to the public
history of the country as connected with the nego-
tiations relating to the northeastern boundary, and
of the treaty made in relation to that boundary—a
treaty which, in my judgment, popular opinion has
not appioved. I adverted to the unfortunate diffi-
culty which arose upon that question of boundary,
and in connexion with that subject I stated colla-
terally that I understood it had recently been
charged in the other House that the fee of the at-
torney who defended McLeod was paid out of the
National Treasury. I remarked at the time that I
did not vouch for the truth of the statement. I
was surprised at it, but it having been stated by a
member of Congress, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs in the other branch of
Congress, I thought it a matter worthy of consid-
eration. It seemed to me a great abuse—one
which, if true, deserved correction, and if not, it
should be promptly denied. I referred to it ex-
pressly for the purpose of calling the attention of
Senators, and particularly of the distinguished Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, to the fact, in order to
give that distinguished Senator an opportunity of
affirming or denying the statement; and I propose,
if it be in order, to read a part of the debate which
took place in the other House,
[Mr. EVANS. It is not in order,]
I am aware that it is not in order, and, if object-
ed to, I shall not of course insist upon reading it.
My object is merely to call the attention of Sen-
ators to the fact. As I before remarked, I under-
stood that such a statement was made in the other
House, and I was willing to show, by reading a
passage from the debate, that I was jusdfied in
saying that it had been made, without intending
to vouch in any respect for its truth; for I admit
that I had understood the facts to have been other-
wise, and was surprised to find that such a decla-
ration had been made; and I will add, that the
District Attorney of the northern district of New-
York, by that remark, would seem to be impli-
cated. I feel bound to state, however, from my
own knowledge, that great injustice is done to that
distinguished officer by the remark to which I have
alluded, because it is there stated that he was ap-
pointed District Attorney, and a fee offtve thousand
dollars paid to him, on account of his having de-
fended McLeod. His appointment was made
lone after he had undertaken the defence of
McLeod, which defence he undertook in his pri-
vate capacity as a practising lawyer; and after his
appointment he did not feel justified in abandoning
the defence of his client, whose case was carried
on in a different court from that to which his ap-
pointment related. 1 referred to this subject m
connexion with the diplomatic history, merely to
show the spirit of compromise which has charac-
tered the Government. I also remarked that the
Federal Government interfered with the course of
justice in the State of New York; I do not mean
lawlessly, or that any attempt was made to arrest
the proceedings of the court there by force or im-
proper means; but I wished to be understood as
stating that the inteiference consisted in insisting
that the State courts could not hold cognizance of
the case after it was ascertained and ruled that the
individual acted under the orders of Her Majesty's
Government. It was declared on the part of the
British Government that McLeod, whatever he
did perform, acted tinder the authority of her Ma-
jesty's Government. Mr. Fox, in his official des-
patch, declared that the Government of Great
Britain held itself responsible, in t?ie broadest
sense of the term, for the act. A habeas corpus
was issued for the purpose of bringing McLeod
before the Federal tribunals. The Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States was directed, by a letter
from the Secretary of State, to proceed to New
York and to investigate the affair.
[Mr. D. here read from the letter of the Secre-
tary containing the instructions to the Attorney
General, and stating that the evidence upon which
the application was made for the removal of
McLeod from the jurisdiction of the State courts,
was an affidavit containing the sanction, on the
part of the British Government, of the act com-
mitted.]
That is the letter to which I alluded yesterday.
Alt I intended was to remark, that it. had been in-
sisted on the part of the Federal Government that
the State authorities had no rigrht *o try an indi-
vidual who had committed an offence against the
United States. It is not the proper time to discuss
a question of this gravity, but 1 speak of it as an
extraordinary concession to the British Govern-
ment, that, in a matter upon which they insisted,
the Federal Government sought to give effect to
their demand, by preventing the State of New York
from proceeding in the ordinary course of justice.
The trial did take place, however, and the defence
was not on the merits of the case, but upon the
question whether an individual could be tried in
the courts of law, or whether he must be tried ac-
I cording to the law of nations ? I understood the
j proposition to lay down the rule distinctly,
| the act having been done under the sanction of the
j British Government, the State courts had
I thority to try the offender. And I understood that
j the Attorney General had been -directed, in wise
i his application should be overruled, to say that a
I writ of error would be-brought, and the case carried
