1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
by that means ultimately into the Federal courts.
Subsequently, and I believe while Lord Ashburton
•was here, an act was passed to give the individual
in such cases the benefit of habeas corpus. Lord
Brougham, speaking of this act, somewhat incor-
rectly Kays: " An act was passed altering the Con-
stitution, and rendering it impossible, henceforth,
that such eases could occur.5' I concluded, there-
fore, that the success of the British negotiator has
been triumphant and complete. In speaking of this
1 intended to characterize it as neither more nor less
than an extraordinary concession to the British Gov-
ernment: I had shown that we had conceded fre-
quently, and I spoke of this as another concession.
The third matter to which I purpose to call the
attention of the Senate in the history of the diplo-
matic correspondence, was the Right of Search, in
which every thing was yielded and nothing gained
by this Government. When the question came up
as to the right of search, (being nothing more nor
less than the right of impressment in war, and the
right of visit in peace,) it was protested against by
our.Government at all Mmes and on all occasions.
The distinguished Secretary of State, m his corres-
pondence with Lord Ashburton—a correspondence,
by the way, conducted with signal ability—showed
that it was clearly a question of impressment: Lord
Ashburton waived this question, though it will bo
seen by the correspondence that ho insisted upon
the right, but hoped there would be some arrange-
ment respecting it. Mr. Webster contended that
an American ship, like the American soil, was
privileged from intrusion, and that foreign author-
ity had no more right to intrude upon the one than
to invade the other. The right of impressment was
not insisted upon; but the right of search, which
had been carried into practice on many occasions,
was insisted upon. About this time five great Pow-
ers of Europe had entered into what wns called the
Quintuple Alliance, viz: Austria, Russia, Piussia,
Prance, and England.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Bo I understand the
Senator as saying that the British Minister insisted
upon the right of impressment?
Mr. DICKINSON. Not at all. Hut I think ho
does virtually in time of war, though it is not ne-
cessary to be carried into practice now; but he
rather waived the subject.
These five great Powers had entered into a trea-
ty, which had been signed and ratified by all of
them except France. The prctencc for that treaty
was the right of search, for the purpose of pre-
venting slavery and arresting piracy on the high
seas. Slavery seemed to be peculiarly obnoxious
to Russia—that is, African slavery; her own slaves
being white, were not entitled to her sympathies.
Our Minister at that time at the Court of France
(Mr. Cass) protested against the ratification of that
treaty by France, thinking that there was an at-
tempt to make it a law of nations, and to him was
attributed by England the defeat of its ratification
by France. He did not insist that they had no
right to arrest a ship which was actually engaged
in piracy or in the slave-trade, even if she carried
the American flag as a deception; but he insisted
that when they boarded a ship it should be at their
peril. On the other hand, they claimed the right
to enter any ship if she was under the American
flag, or any other I suppose, and possess herself
of a knowledge of all that appertained to the ship,
for the purpose of deciding whether she were a pi-
rate or not, without giving satisfaction of any kind
to the flag whose rights she had violated, because
she considered it her right to search for the pur-
pose of arresting piracy upon the high seas. This
question formed the subject of negotiations here.
If it was not yielded, it was passed over and left
for further consideration. It constituted one of
the great items of difficulty, and was yielded or
passed by, as I have already noticed. Perhaps,
sir, I ought to read what was said by Lord Brough-
am in the British Parliament, in the discussion of
that treaty, in regard to our Minister in France,
who had done nothing more than protest, in form,
in firm and temperate language, against the ratifi-
cation of that treaty. In the discussion upon that
treaty in the British Parliament, that distinguished
statesman, in speaking of the refusal of France to
ratify the treaty, said: [Here Mr. D. read the
language used by Lord Brougham.] This inel-
egant invective was earned by the American Minis-
ter in France, for insisting that she had no right to
violate the American flag; and this matter, which so
deeply concerns the honor and interests of the na- I
tion, in which our whole merchant marine was con-
cerned, in which every citizen of the United States
was concerned, was passed over. I do not object
to its having been passed by, but I allude to it as
showing the concessions, the yielding, compliant
spirit of this Government; while at the same time
we are told that we are in favor of a war, and are
unwilling to yield an inch of ground to avert it.
Here are three subjects already disposed of—the
northeast boundary, the case of the Caroline, and
the right of search; and the remaining question, the
Oregon question, is precisely where it was then.
We have seen, Mr. President, what has been the
effect of negotiations. We have seen who has
shown the greatest disposition to yield: and now,
what is to be the result in regard to this matter?
What is going to arise from it? Sir, the treaty of
1818, which provides for joint occupation, (an ex-
pression, by the way, not entirely applicable,) pro-
vides for its termination after a year's notice; and
this question of notice is a practical question,
which can be discussed with considerable brevity.
What kind of notice shall be given ? Sir, 1 would
prefer the notice which is provided for by the trea-
ty. It appears to me that this would best comport
with the dignity of both nations. The general fit-
ness of things indicates that wo should give the
notice which is provided foi by the treaty. But it
is s.iid it will lead to war. How3 In what man-
ner? To «;ivc a notice in the manner in which a trea-
ty between two friendly poweis has provided may
be given at any time by either of the parties? Nor
| do 1 deem it necessary to give it in any particular
manner or any particular phraseology, but to give
simply the not he provided for by the treaty.
But it is said we must compromise, j low shall
we compromise'' There is no question of compro-
mise before us. TNegotiations have been broken
off; the last oiler was made fiom our sido. Will
that airest. negotiations 5 Is it possible the giving
of the notice will arrc«t, negotiations?
Mr. J, M. CLAYTON. Wit! the Srnator per-
mit me to ask a single question ? 1 understood him
to sny yesterday, in speaking of this subject, that
i he was willing, if a commercial treaty was pro-
posed bv Kngland, to inert her hall' way. Am 1
(o understand by this that the Senator is willing to
yield fieo trade, if she oilers free irade to us?
Mr. DICKINSON, i will endeavor to mnke
myself understood. I fell, the same difficulty in the
discussion of the question that the Senator did in
listening to it. The interest had necessarily pass-
ed away, in tlm protracted di<cussion which has
taken place. I felt bound, nevertheless, to express
my views upon the subject, as I intimated a few
davs ago I would. What ! intended to say in re-
lation to a treaty was, that [ would meet Kngland
in the same spirit in which any ad\nnoo may be
made by her. I did not piopose either free trade
or a protective tariff. 1 proposed reciprocal advan-
tages. I proposed to treat with her as becomes an
enlightened commercial nation, in a spirit of reci-
procity. Does the Senator understand me?
Mr. CLAYTON. The ,<>entleman avi'II under-
stand to what 1 allude. In the report of his re-
marks I find the following:
i( Whenever Great Britain shall propose a com-
4 mercial treaty, interesting to this Government, I
' hope we shall meet her half-way; I hope we shall
' meet her in the same spirit of concession, of com-
' promise, and good feeling; which should charac-
* terize two great nations. I hope we shall enter
* into it in a spirit, which beoomcs us as a nation."
The Senator afterwards remarked:
" The Almighty has created mouths there, and
' materials to feed them here. The territories of
' this continent are destined for the production of
< that material, not under her Government, but un-
' der a Government of freedom."
Taking these passages in connexion, I under-
stood that he was ready to make a commercial
treaty on the subject of the tariff, and I wish to
know* if he is willing to make a treaty tariff?
Mr. DICKINSON. I will answer the Senator.
I had no allusion to any particular kind of a treaty,
nor to any particular kind of tariff; nor ean I now
be drawn into discussion upon any. If England
offered us advantages, I would offer advantages to
her. I meant that I would meet England, as I
said, half-way, in the spirit which becomes a great
commercial nation.
Mr. CLAYTON. In what kind of commercial
treaty ?
Mr. DICKINSON. In the kind they propose
which shall be mutually advantageous; which shall
be, on the whole, (and I am not for conceding
more,) as advantageous to the interests of this na-
tion, to every class of industry here, as it shall be
to them. I have not considered, nor am I now
able, nor disposed in this discussion if I were able,
to consider precisely what kind of treaty should be
made between the two nations. It will be time
enough to discuss that question when it comes up.
The whole burden of my argument had reference
to the Oregon question, anu that is one which
.should stand by itself, and be judged by its own
merits. The territory should be retained by us if
it belongs to us; if not, it should be yielded; but 1
insisted it does belong to us, and therefore should
not be yielded up. If Great Britain should throw
open her ports, it will have nothing to do with this
question. Li reference to that, my opinion is, that
we should treat with her, and meet her at least
half-way.
I was remarking, at the time I was interrupted
1 by the honouible Senator from Delaware, as to
| what would he the ell'ect of the notice; and hence
| I object, although it is of very little consequence,
j to a part of the lesolution coming from the House,
! which provides that )t shall not terminate negotia-
i lions. Sir, it cannot terminate them; it is the very
| inducement to negotiations. It brings the parties
| together; it shows them that the question must be
| settled, and that the first thought must be directed
I with a view of bringing the matter to a close,
j Sir, there is no question of compromise before
ij the Senate; therefore none can be discussed by me.
I I have asserted and endeavored to maintain our
; title to the whole. I have endeavored to show by
! what it was incumbered legally, and by what
i practically, and 1 leave all these questions, having
; stated precisely what is the nature of the question
i now before the Soiafe. 1 approve of the meas~
| ures which the President has leeommcnded. Great
j Britain has taken armed occupation, and extended
i her laws over a teriitory over which she had no
I right to extend them; and I would extend the laws
! of the United States, not only over our citizens in
| that territory, but over the territory itself, we be-
j mg the pai ty properly m possession. And I care
! not if her citizens, hunters, traders, or block-houses
! are there practically or not by the treaty stipula-
! tjons. We arc admitted to be the party in pos-
i session, and she has no right to regard it as offen-
sive that we extend our laws over our territory;
and if she persists in retaining her block-houses,
I would erect block-houses too, not confining them
to any one portion, but extending them over the
whole territory. Sir, it should be the policy of
this Government not to seek for territory beyond
tlie continent, but to retain all its territories that
are upon the continent. We never can acknowl-
edge the Kuropean doctrine of the balance of
power, which has recently been so offensively ex-
ercised upon this continent. We own not a single
island of ihe ocean, and I trust we shall never de-
sire to own any; but there should be the very
strongest inducement for retaining the territory
upon the continent that belongs to us. Look at
the difference of policy of the two Governments:
hers to extend her possessions to every part of the
known world; ours to remain upon the continent,
not wishing to extend our possessions to one sin-
gle island.
When the question of the annexation of Texas
was under discussion, did we not see the Govern-
ments of Great Britain and France interfering, and
upon one principle, that they had a right to pre-
vent us from gaining the balance of power in our
favor upon this continent? Can that doctrine be
submitted to ? Can it be tolerated ? Can it be per-
mitted to operate, when we propose to retain a
territory to which the United States is clearly en-
titled—a policy which seeks to circumscribe our
limits, and that, too, by a Power which has now
greater possessions upon this continent than has
this Government^ This is a matter that, sooner
or later, will become very material; it is a matter
which concerns our policy now, whether we shall
bootlessly cede away a territory to which we are
entitled.
In every one of the negotiations to which I have
alluded there has been a threat of war, and yet
there has been no war concerning any one of them;
nor do I believe there would have been war if our
rights had been asserted and maintained. It is as
much against her interest to go to war as it is
against ours. She cannot strike a blow upon a
