1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
poses the very reverse of those openly professed
were really and in truth designed.
But it would not be just to the Senate to go into
a discussion of that matter now. He believed that
gentlemen equally wise might differ widely in giv-
ing a character to the news which had recently
been received. _ The question before the Senate
was to be considered, not in reference to newspa-
per intelligence from England, but in reference to
the interests of our own country. Until it should
be shown that those interests would be prejudiced
by as early a decision of this question as practi-
cable, he thought that no sufficient reason was
shown for the proposed postponement.
As to the other argument of the Senator, drawn
from the state of business in the Senate, it was well
3v.no wn that a considerable part of that business was
daily disposed of during the morning hour, and
another portion of it from time to time in execu-
tive session; and amid the entire mass of business
still pending, to which the honorable Senator had
alluded, Mr. A. did not know of a single measure
which required immediate action. The Senate was
now probably half through the existing debate; if
it should be interrupted now for any considerable
time, when it should be lesumed again it would
come up with all the freshness of oiiginality. The
question would be comparatively new again; new
matter might be introduced into it, and the discus-
sion almost interminably prolonged.
Mr. A. did not desire that the Senate should ex-
hibit before the world any sign or symptom of
hesitation; for the leading thought which had  x>v-
emed Mr. A.'s course throughout this whole af-
fair had been, that our only safety in this contro-
versy was to show no disposition to quake or quail
before the power of Great Britain. W"e had an
unquestioned right, recorded in a solemn treaty,
under the specific provisions of the convention it-
self, to give, at pleasure, notice of its prospective
termination; and, if we chose to do so, she had 110
right to complain. The termination of the con-
vention was suspended 011 the simple will of either
of the parties, and on that will alone; and as the
proposition before the Senate was simply to ex-
press our will that the convention should cease,
there could be no need, before deciding upon its
adoption, for a prolonged delay, in order that we
might take counsel from events arising 011 the other
side of the Atlantic. We acknowledged a right in
none to be consulted by this Government as to the
measures it chose to adopt in support of its own
rights, or as to the time of their adoption. If the
Senate should now postpone its decision, it would
appear before the world like a recoil, like a hesita-
tion, like quailing from a want of nerve; like a
want of heart for the work we were transacting on
behalf of the first nation in the world. The moral
effect of such a pause would be bad—bad in the
extreme—bad in every aspect—bad as to its elleet
on the chances of future peace for the country;
because, as Mr. A. had observed in the beginning
of this debate, our hope of peace 011 this subject
rested solely on our hearts. If we showed no dis-
position to falter, no wavering, no unsettled pur-
pose, Great Britain, knowing in her own con-
science that she had no just right to Oregon, could
not, and dare not, take offence at our exercise of
our own right; but if we exhibited the smallest
symptom of hesitation, she would push us to the
wall, and sooner or later would compel us, light
or wrong, to lesort to extremities.
Hie perceived in the rcecnt news from England
matter far more serious than that which related to
Oregon,and matter which went fully to justify the
views he had expressed when opening tlie present
discussion. It was very manifest that, not only
in England but elsewhere, this Oregon question j;
was to be but a pivot, on which a much greater j;
question was to be made to turn; a question which
concerned itself immediately with the relations of
this continent to Europe. He had said that no
great importance was to be attached to matter
which appeared in the public papers in England;
but one idea had been broached there which it be-
hooved this Government deeply to fix its attention i
upon; an idea broached simultaneously in Eng-
land and in Prance; broached specifically, not in
vague generalities, but expressly and by name;
broached, not by the ordinary newspapers, but by
the official organs (so far as any public journal
could be worthy of that name) under the eye of
both Governments; and broached, lastly, at the
very time when the combined fleets of both Pow-
ers were acting in unison on a part of this conti-
nent. Mr. A. alluded to the idea thrown out in
the leading journal of Pans, and instantly caught
UP by those in London, that a monarchical form
of Government, with a European alliance, and un-
der a European guaranty, was in contemplation
for Mexico. This was the great and the chief idea
contained in the recent news; it was an idea im-
mediately connectcd with this question; it had
been so connected in the debates of the French
Chamber of Deputies, and also with the balance
of power to be preserved on this continent by the
joint power of France and of Great Britain. The
recent intelligence thus held out the intimation of
a great contest ahead, and one which Ave could not
avqid without making up our minds to a surrender
of everything like national independence. While
such designs weie in contemplation by European
Powers, it was no time for us to staggci 01 to quail,
as if we feared the consequences of voting 111 fa-
vor of a notice which it was our clear right to give
whenever we thought fit.
Mr. A. repeated his unwillingness to oppose the
wishes of any Senator who might desire a day or
two's postponement for prepaiation, if lie was in-
clined to take part in the debate; but he was ut-
terly opposed to a longer postponement, or one
which rested avowedly 011 other grounds. It would
have a bud moi.tl effect; an effect peculiarly inju-
rious tit the present moment; and lie should there-
fore bo compelled to vote against the. pending mo-
tion of the honorable Senator from Jfcw .lei-Key.
Mr. CALHOUN hoped that no such motion
would prevail: if no Senator was now prepared to
go on, ho would surest that the vote he at once
taken on (he pending amendments, that ^ome idea
might bo formed as to the shape the question was
to assume, and every Senator would then he able
to make up his mind upon his final coursc. He
hoped this coin.so would ho taken, fit: under-
stood that the Senator from Georgia [Mr Ooi.witt]
had expiessed a purpose of ottering an amend-
ment to the pending amendment, proposed by the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. ORmxvnru,] to
the resolution as reported from the Committee on
Korean Relations. The Senate was now full, and
lie hoped the honorable Senator from Georgia
would now bring forward Ins amendment, and let
it be passed upon, together with that of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, by the Senate. Then they
would know what shape the resolution was to as-
sume.
Mv. DAYTON said he had not made the motion
to postpone with any view to his own personal ac-
commodation, but altogether from other considera-
tions. One idea had been thrown out by the Sen-
ator from Ohio (Mr. Ai.lkn] which demanded an
answer, because it pertained to the question before
the. Senate. The Senator objected to this post-
ponement lest the world should think they were
quaking and hesitating, and this would have a very
had moral influence. Mr. D. was not at all afraid
that the world would mistake the motives of the
American Senate. The object of the motion had
not been that the Senate should quad, or shrink,
or even hesitate; but that, in view of the eminently
pacific character of the recent intelligence from
England, it should show to this eountiy, to Eng-
land, and to the world that it. was looking calmly,
coolly, and advisedly at the question. The Sena-
tor might possibly be ri«lit in his suspicion that
thcre.il views of the British Cabinet were not to be
learned from the mouths of her leading statesmen
in open Parliament, nor from the tenor of the pub-
lic prints: and he would to Heaven that some other
Governments might learn a little of the like prudent
and dignified reserve: but still that was all the evi-
dence we had, and, till the contrary was made to
appear, and we had evidence that England did not
mean what her leading; Ministers declared that she
did mean, it might not be amiss to show the world
that we were looking with calmness at the state of
this question, and were not disposed to uigeit
rashly to a crisis, without regard to circumstances
on either side the water.
As to voting at once upon the amendments to
the committee's resolution, ifSenators on the other
side would but recollect the course of this discus-
sion thus far, they might readily understand that
the Senate would' not be willing to leave the de-
bate where it now stood. The discussion had now
for weeks been confined almost exclusively to that
side of the Chamber: and they had now arrived at
a point "where the gentleman from Ohio himself
seemed to consider that it had become rather a stale
question. A little freshness was desirable by all
manner of means. [A laugh.] He hoped it might
comport with the views of Senators that the ques-
tion might be postponed.
Mr. CASS rose to speak only to one topic—
Mr. HAYWOOD. " Inevitable war?"
Mr. CASS. Oh no! Don't be alarmed, I will
not use the word inevitable at all. I am not go-
ing to make a war speech. If he rightly under-
stood the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Day-
ton,] he grounded his motion for postponement
011 the pacific news lecently received from Eng-
land, the tenor of which led him to conclude that
the course of Great Britain was likely to be more
pacific. Now, Mr. C. would say, before the Sen-
ate and bcfoie the counuy. that there was not a
man, from one end of this Union to the other, who
was more desirous of peace than he w.is. So were
all Senators round him: he took it they were all
for peace. Some may suppose the danger of war
to be more imminent than otheis; hut there is not
one on either side of the House willing to sacnfice
the honor and interests of the country for an un-
worthy peace. Neither is there one who would
rashly force the country into a war.
I had looked with a most anxious eye for the
last intelligence; and here let me make one pass-
ing remark in reference to the singular fact, that
public alfairs in both countries seem to vibrate
with the departure and arrival of every steam-ship;
one-half of the interval is passed in speculation as
i to what the news may be, and the other in specu-
| lation as to what it ought to be. But the great
: national question now bcfoie us, and which has
: for some time past occupied so much of our atten-
1 tion, and of public attention, is to be settled inde-
! pendently altogether of lb-iiish statesmen, the
! press, and even public opinion. It is pioper to
j see wheic wo are going, and it is very well to as-
| certain the state of public opinion. Rut I do not
, '•ice that this question should be almost indefinitely
postponed, until w*: can settle down and ascertain
| what that opinion is to be. What is the last m-
j teliigence from Kngland '—and, by-the-by, I was
j surprised to see, in the Government paper of last
evening, a statement that the news from Kni'land
was pacific and encouraging, because the Queen's
message was pacific! What is that message?
Do we not all know that, since the days of Wil-
liam III, the speech from the throne might have
been stereotyped ? It is not the public affairs that
are spoken of—but "my affairs"-—"my king-
dom." It is all idle to look in any speech from
the throne for a chart, or for any indications of
the intended policy of the Government. And
what does the G,ueen say that is so eminently pa-
cific. UI regret my difficulties with the United
' States, and am disposed to accommodate them
1 as well as 1 can consistently with my honor and
' mteroi-t.'' Well, I wish to know what else she
could say; she is not going to deelaie war; the
state of tilings does not require that. She docs not
declare what her futuio course will be. Is there
anything so pacific m all that? If there be, I con-
fess mv optics are not sharp enough tp perceive it.
ijilt what else does she say r I will tell you what
she says. She says, '• my military and" naval es-
tablishments must be increased.'"' Well, that
was not necessary as a mcasuie of home pobcy.
She knew that that measure could be canied at
once; and the very next day Loid John Russell
gets up and advocates it. It is not put as a meas-
ure of domestic policy. Well, then, against
whom is it aimed J Against France? No; the
strongest alliance exists between the two Govern-
ments—if not founded upon national feeling, upon
a perfect intercommunication of the sovereigns and
ministers of the two nations. It is to this country
that all that preparation points. It is so intended;
on its face its purpose is evident, and he that runs
may lead. It is in fact saying to the United States:
" I desire to accommodate you as far as may be
consistent with my honor and interests; but if
not, I am increasing my military and naval es-
tablishments so as to be ready for you." And
even Joe Hume, the leader of the radical party for
the last twenty years—the very Cerberus of the
opposition—gets up and advocates that measure in
relation to the positions of the two countries. Can
any man doubt to what all that leads ? Sir Robert
Peel, indeed, says that the colonial possessions of
Great Britain had extended, and an additional de-
mand was thus made upon the military and naval
