426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
resources of the country; but that is only illustra-
tive of his statesmanship and prudence.
As to the temper of the British press, if I rec-
ollect right, the Times—though not the Govern-
ment organ, yet not without authority as the ex-
ponent of its views—and the Morning Chronicle
(Lord John Russell's paper) both deny the inten-
tions of the British Government to accept the 49th
parallel without other considerations. The claims
of the two countries overlap each other. It is all
idle to say that we can stop with giving the notice,
establishing posts, and extending our jurisdiction
over the territory. The President expressly says
that other measures are necessary after the notice.
Grants of land will be made, and we will, in fact,
proceed to take possession of the country. That
is our inevitable destiny. Let us then open our
eyes, and see clearly whither we are going. That
is the part of true wisdom.
Mr. WEBSTER. Yes—war is inevitable.
Mr. CASS. No; I did not say so. I said that
the destiny of the country was inevitable. But
this I will say, that if you give this notice and fol-
low it up by the other measures, and in the mean-
time do not make terms with England, then I ap-
peal to any gentleman if war will not be inevitable>
What does Sir Robert Peel say ? That the British
Minister had refused the offer of the 49th parallel;
but he speaks with the greatest caution. If he had
intended a pacific course, he should have said: Mr.
Pakenham is an honorable man, and has dis-
charged his duties with fidelity, but he has taken
a course which is injurious to his future utility as
a Minister in America; we will elevate him to high
rank, but wc must recall him, and make the offer
of the parallel of 49°. Until some such language
was used, he could not see anything to be gained
by the postponement of this debate.
Mr. BERRIEN" said it was because ho enter-
tamed the same views with the honorable Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Cass] as to the probable con-
sequences of the notice, that he was disposed to
acquiesce in the motion of the honorable. Senator '
from New Jersey, [Mr. Dayton.] He agreed
with the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Allen] that the
giving of this notice was indispensable, and pre-
sented no just rause of offence to Great Britain,
nor any ground of complaint. What Mr. B. de-
sired was, not that the Senate should "quake,"
but that it should dehberate. His attention had
not been directed to Great Britain, but to ourselves.
The duty was incumbent on us, if the preliminary
step was taken, to follow it out: but on that ques-
tion he would not speak at present. He was in
favor of the suggestion of the Senator from New
Jersey. If the Senate had acquiesced in the mo-
tion, it would have met his approbation; but he
perceived an indisposition on the other side of the
Chamber to agree to the postponement; and the
suggestion since made by the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] gave it a different as-
pect.
If it was in contemplation to propose now any
modification of the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden-,] Mr. B. would pre-
fer, before any action was had on the present mo-
tion, to understand what ground was to betaken
by the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Colquitt.] With a view to this,
he would ask of the honorable Senator from New
Jersey, if not unpleasant to him, to withdraw his
motion.
Mr. DAYTON said he was quite willing to do
so for any proper purpose, and he withdrew it ac-
cordingly.
Mr. COLQUITT said, if it was the pleasure of
the Senate to vote on the amendments now, he
would explain what he desired to oiler as an
amendment to the amendment offered by the hon-
orable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Critten-
den.] He had said, when previously addressing
the Senate, that he was well satisfied with the
preamble of the Senator's resolutions. He wished
some little alteration in the verbiage of the resolu-
tion, where it devolved upon the President the
power to give the notice, and provided that it
should not be given till after the end of the present
session. He had altered it in these features, and
had added a clause which he hoped would make it
more generally acceptable to the Senators on both
sides of the Chamber. He was ready for the no-
tice in almost any form. He viewed it as a peace-
ful measure, and the whole question as constituting
u proper subject of negotiation.
The amendment of Mr. Colquitt was now read
for information*
Mr. CALHOUN hoped that the Senate would
proceed regularly in disposing of these questions.
He would thank the Chair to state what was the
question now before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT said that the first
question would be on the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden.]
Mr. CRITTENDEN said that, as far as he was
concerned, he would say that, from hearing the
resolution of the honorable Senator from Georgia
read, it seemed to him to be much the same in its
spirit and purpose with his own. But he did not
feel prepared, on a mere hearing of it from the
Secretary's table, to say whether he could consent
to accept of it as a modification. He desired, be-
fore deciding, to request that the proposed amend-
ment might be printed; and, in the meanwhile,
that the subject might be postponed till to-mor-
row.
Ordered, That the amendment be printed.
Mr. CALHOUN said that he hoped, if the Sen-
ate adjourned, it would be with the understanding
that the amendments would be taken up to-mor-
row, so that the Senate might know what form the
resolution was to take; that those gentlemen who
wished to debate the general question would know
what the question to be debated was, and might
be prepared to take a correct and definite course.
Mr. ALLEN said he could not countenance by
his silcnce the necessity of voting at once upon the
amendments. lie moved that the Senate go into
Executive session.
Mr, CRITTENDEN observed that the remarks
of the honorable Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Calhoun] seemed to imply that to-morrow the
Senate should vote on the amendments pending.
Tie was gratified to hoar that such a course was
opposed by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Allen.]
His own opinion was, that the several amendments
which had been or might be offered or suggested,
should lie on the table till the whole debate was con-
cluded; for, if the debate was of any use in en-
lightening the Senate, it was needed as much in re-
gard to the amendments as in respect to the reso-
lution itself. He hoped the Senate would not de-
cide, in the midst of the debate, on the amend-
ments to the resolution before the argument had
gone more than half way to its termination. He
hoped they were not going to decide in this man-
ner by halves.
Mr. CALHOUN said that he had predicated
his proposal on the condition that no Senator was
prepared to go on. If there were Senators anx-
ious to speak upon the amendments, they could of
course do so; but he took it for granted that all the
gentlemen had made up their minds as to the
amendments; there were others who were anxious
to speak to the resolution when it should have re-
ceived its final shape. He had himself been wait-
ing till it should receive a specific form; then he
should present to the Senate his views in regard
to it.
Mr. ALLEN objected to the voting on the
amendments to-morrow, or till the debate was
closed. As soon as the present amendments should
have been disposed of, the whole question would
be open anew, and new amendments, in some mod-
ified form, could, and doubtless would, then be of-
fered; and so the whole would have to begone over
again. He thought it better to let the question be
taken on the amendments when it was put on the
original resolution. It would be impossible to
! separate them. If it should be attempted, the
! amendments would never end, until the question
- got into a form to suit the Senate, and then there
I would be an end of the debate and the question to-
gether.
Mr. CALHOUN said that the Senator from
Ohio had not stated what was the usual course of
proceeding. The question would first be on tha
amendments in succession, and, when they were
settled, then the discussion would be had upon the
resolution as amended. The Senate had departed
from its usual course thus far; and he would ap-
peal to the Senator himself to say if more than one-
tenth part of the discussion, up to this hour, had
been on the question before the Senate, which was
the question of notice. Everything else had been
debated but this; the question of title, the relative
power of Great Britain, her history and policy,
and all else connected with the general subject-
He hoped the Senate would take up the question
in a proper, regular, parliamentary manner and
form. He wished to have the question, before he
spoke to it, reduced to some definite form.
Mr. ALLEN renewed his motion that the Sen-
ate go into Executive business.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Senate adjourn.
The question being put on the adjournment, the
yeas were 23, nays 23.
The Chair voting in the negative, the motion
was lost.
The question being then put on going into Ex-
ecutive business, the yeas were 25; nays not count-
ed.
So the Senate went into Executive session; and,
after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. '
Wednesday, February 25,1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approv-
ed.
The SPEAKER said the business first in order
would be the call of the committees for reports.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved that the rules of the
House be suspended for the purpose of going into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. B. gave notice that his object was to move
to take up a small bill in relation to the licensing of
canal boats.
The question was taken, and the motion was re-
jected.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call for re-
ports of committees.
On motion of Mr. E. B. HOLMES,
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Pensions be
directed to transmit to the Clerk of this House the
papers on file in his office, in relation to the appli-
cation of Adam Swart, of Rochester, in the State
of New York, for a pension; which was agreed to.
Mr. PERRY, on leave given, offered the follow-
ing resolution; which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretaries of the Navy and
Treasury report to this House (so far as their de-
partments respectively contain the information) the
number of bids made for the delivery of bituminous
coal for steamers and other uses of Government in
the years 1842, 1843, 1844, and 1845; by whom
made, the sums bid, and to whom the contracts
were given, the sums paid and to whom; where the
coal came from, the quantity, fine and lump;
whether domestic or foreign places of delivery, and
whether coal has been paid for without advertising
for contracts in the above-mentioned years; to
whom, the quantity, place of delivery, and the
sum paid.
On motion of Mr. STANTON,
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be discharged from the consideration of the memo-
rial of Benjamin Crawford; and that it be laid on
the table.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the resolution
of the House of the 16th instant, to inquire into
the expediency of restoring the naval pension fund,
reported a bill to reduce into one act the several
acts concerning navy pensions, and to repeal cer-
tain acts in relation thereto; which bill was read
twice and committed.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES, from the same committee,
made an unfavorable report upon the petition of
the representatives of Henry van Dyke; which
report was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. McCRATE,
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be discharged from the consideration of the peti-
tions of Polly Clough, and of Eliza Stephens,
widow of Thomas Holdup Stephens, and that they
be laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be discharged from the consideration of
the memorial of Christian Wise, and that it be laid
upon the table.
Mr. SEAMAN, from the same committee, made
adverse reports upon the petitions of Luke Stans-
bury, Ralph Young, Barbas Haley, and Rebecca
White; which reports were laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. SEAMAN,
Orderedy That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be discharged from the consideration of
the petition of Nathan Ashby, and that it be refer-
red to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
