1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
United States was precisely the same in its opera-
tion upon these e;reat "inland seas" as it was upon
the merest rivulet that sparkles down the moun-
tain's side. Whether it was a great " inland sea,"
or a merely navigable stream, the constitutional
question as to the power of Congress to appropri-
ate for it, was precisely the same. This Govern-
ment was established with the view of regulating
our external concerns, leaving all internal matters
to be regulated by the States; and the providing a
way for commerce did not come within the pur-
view of those matters over which Congress had ju-
risdiction.
He objected to the bill on another ground. He
considered it the twin-sister, and one of the essen-
tial elements of the protective policy. It was idle
for gentlemen to tell him that they were opposed
to extravagant taxes upon the people, while, at the
same time, they went for this system of profligate
expenditures for internal improvement.
But he had special objections to the bill. He re-
ferred to the inequalities of appropriation it made
for the different sections of the country. Its whole
amount of appropriations (independent of the in-
definite appropriation for the Louisville and Port-
land canal) was $1,349,450. Of this, $545,000—
nearly one-half of the whole amount—'was to lie
appropriated upon the lakes; on the northeast,
$234,450; and on the noithwest, (exclusive of the
lakes,) $155,000: §934,450, then, were to !>c up-
propriated to the North, (including the northeast
and the northwest,) nearly the whole amount of the
bill; yet that region was not one-ihinl of the whole
area of the country. The appropriation for the
southern valley, between Louisville and the mouth
of the Red river, including the Mississippi, Ohio,
Arkansas, and Rc<l rivers, was only $320,000. And |
a still more striking inequality and injustice for \
the southern coast, commencing ai Baltimore, and |
running to the mouth of the Mississippi—nay, to !
the mouth of the Rio Grande—what was it? In- |
eluding 520,000 for Baltimore, it amounted only to |
$95,000—a mere mockery of appropriation for this j
vast range of seacoasf. 'But the most extraordi- j
nary appropriation in the whole bill was for a little |
ditch near Louisville, called the Louisville Canal, 1
which the President was authorized to purchase
without any limitation.
Mr. P. read this clause, and said, if passed, it
was a matter of serious doubt with him whether
the President would not be bound, should the sub-
scribers ask §2,000,000 or $10,000,000, to take it,
and saddle the Government with the expense.
Mr. P. commented on these ineqxialities of dis-
tribution, and pronounced the bill a legislative mon- !
ster, marked with the most distinct features of in- j
justice and iniquity. He advocated the propriety j
of the ponding amendment, in case tins system |
were to be gone into, and urged the superior im- |
portance of the improvement of the. Tennessee j
river to that of many items provided for. These, i
and many other reasons, (some of which ho men - !
tioned,) were such as, he flattered himself, would
secure the unqualified condemnation of the bill.
Mr. BRINKERBOFE briefly replied. This
bill (he said) had been characterized and stigma-
tized as sectional in its character. If that charge
was just, then other bills involving large expendi-
tures, and which were passed without objection,
were equally liable to it. The fortification bill,
which had passed the House a few days ago with
tofore made in his section of the, country, to the
vast benefits already realized from them in the ex-
tension of commerce, &e.. and to the fact that of
these some were still incomplete, and required fur-
ther appropriations, or else they would go to de-
cay and all be lost.
Mir. PAYNE inquired of Mr. Brinkertioff
(with reference to a previous portion of his re-
marks) on which side of Mason and Dixon's line
the largest amount of appropriations was made in
the fortification bill which had passed5
Mr. BR.INKERHOFF replied, on the south side;
and so it had been for a series of years. He had
no objection to it. He supposed that a larger
amount was required there; but he merely applied
this fact to the gentleman's argument, that this was
a partial and sectional bill, to show that if it was,
the South had been equally provided for in partial
and sectional fortification bills. Hut they of Ohio
asked nothing for fortifications. Give them har-
bors and a commercial marine, and they would de-
fend them. They were an efficient substitute for
fortifications. Tiiey were worth more than fortifi-
cations. Refuse to make appropriations for the
completion of works already begun; let the bars
form again across the mouths of theae rivers; let
the works go to dilapidation and decay, and then
they would be here besieging Congress for fortifi-
cations, for fortifications would then be necessary;
now they were not. i
Withoutfurthor proceeding, the bill was laid aside !
informally. ' ;
On motion of Air. BUODHEAD, the joint reso- i
lution authorizing the transmission and' prescnta- ;
tion of books to the Minister (if Justice of France,
in exchange for books received from him, was i
taken up. '
The resolution having been read,
Mr. B. caused to he read a letter fiom the Chief ■
Justice of the United Suites explaining us neces-
sity. - |
And no amendment haung been offered, '
The eommii tee rose and reported its action upon '
the joint resolution, and progress on the harbor und ;
river bill. !
The joint resolution having been oulereil to a 1
third muling at this tune, was lead a third time,
and passed.
And then the House adjourned. i
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Rebruani ^0, 1846.
ThoPR ESIDENT laid before the Senate a re-
port ot the Secretary of the Treasury, relating to
the expedienev of providing by Inw that ships and
vessels navigating the mer Delaware shall carry
lights lo avoid the danger ot collision; which was J
ordered to be referred to the Committee on Com- >
merce and printed. i
Mr. DA VIS (uescntcd a petition of citizens of j
the county of iiarnstuble, Massachusetts, renion- j
strating against ihe repeal of the act allowing boun-
jj ty to vessels engaged in the cod fisheries. " !
lj ^ Also, a petition of cm/ens of said county* prav- I
H ing an increase of the duties on foreign salt. '
jj Also, a petition of the same, praying an in- 1
!j crease of the duty on imported Kpsoni sails; which
j! were severally laid on the table and ordered to be !
|| printed.
Mr. EVANS presented the memorial of Josiah u
out amendment, except an addition of $300,000 for |] Dutton, praying the payment of a continental due- |
armament of fortifications, piovided for Ohio, al- J bill issued to his father for his revolutionary ser- '•]
though a frontier State, looking out across one of 'i vices; which was reform! to the Committee on '!
our inland seas upon the enemy's country—not one ,j Revolutionary Claims. !!
cent. They had never asked a cent, and they did ;| Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
not now. But for the southern country, commen- ; j memorial of (he West Feliciana Railroad Compa- ^
cing with Baltimore if the gentleman pleased, and : ny, praying the remission of duties on certain rail :
running down to the Rio Grande, it appropriated
appropr
the nice little sum of §590,500! They of Ohio
asked not one solitary cent for fortifications. Why? j
Because this system of improvement of lake har- j
bors superseded the necessity of fortifications, in- j
asmuch as it went to build up a system of commer- -
cial marine, which already oitt-niunbered that of,
the British on the other side thirty or forty to one. j
hi case of war, all we had to do was to knock off
the upper decks of these steamers, (which could '
be done in a few weeks,) and they became efficient
war-steamers. Hence, they wanted no fortifica-
tions and no naval appropriations. They wanted
the proper supplies and armaments when called
into service; but nothing else. Mr. B. referred to
-some of the appropriations for improvements here-
road iron; which was reierred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. WESTOOTT presented the memorial of i
the heirs of Samuel Beach, deceased, an officer m !
the revolutionary army, praying to be allowed ,
commutation pay; which was referred to the Com- i
miftee on Revolutionary Claims. 1
Also, similar petitions trom the administrator !
of Benjamin Dmkee,nnd the legal representatives :
of Christopher Deiezenne; which were referred to f
the same committee. j
Also, the petition of Catharine Van Valken- :
burgh, executrix of Bartholomew Van Valken- I
burgh, to be allowed commutation pay; which j
was referred to the same committee. j
Also, a similar petition from tho executor of j,
jj Henry Tatum; which was referred to the same
!( committee.
jj Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on Pat-
j j ents and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
; petition of Calvin Emmons, reported a bill extend-
! ing his patent; which was read a first time.
; Also, a resolution providing that 60,000 copies
[ of the late annual report of the Commissioner of
Patents, with the exception of the list of patents,
i be printed for the use of the Senate; which was
! read.
| Mr. BENTON. "Sixty thousand!"
■ Mr. NILES opposed the printing of so large an
i edition, and proposed to strike out 60,000, and in-
i sert 20,000.
j Mr. SPEIGHT proposed 10,000.
i Mr. CAMERON remarked that 45,000 copies of
i the report were printed last year, and he had been
informed tiiat the number was quite inadequate to
J the demand. The report was interesting and vai-
: uahle, and if a sufficient edition was not printed at
i the present time, the Senate would probably, be-
' fore the close of the session, sec the necessity of
, procuring an additional number, and would be
i obliged to go to extra expense in obtaining them.
Mr. SIMMONS moved a reference of the leport
to the Committee on Printing.
After some fuither conversation between Messrs.
CLAYTON, CRITTENDEN, and CAMERON,
the question was taken on the motion to refer to
the Committee on Printing; which motion was
agreed to.
Mr. BAGBY, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of James H.
Causten, assignee of Colonel John B. flogan;
j which was read a first time.
j Mr. PflELPS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, submitted adverse reports upon
: the petitions of Simon Summers, William Ship-
! pen, and the administrator of Thomas Jeit, de-
i erased; whieh were read, and the reports were or-
' tiered to be punted.
i Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the
< following resolution; which was agreed to:
I Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instruct-
! ed to communicate to the Senate such information
! as his office may alTord, with respect to the foitifi-
1 ration proposed to be constiucted at Proctor's
1 landing, on Lake Borge, Louisiana.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
| tion; which was agreed to:
I Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be
j instructed to inquire into the expediency of snp-
i plymg the members of the Senate, for current dis-
j tribution among their constituents, with a certain
| number to each member, of the debates ofthe two
Houses of Congress: provided the said debates ean
: be furnished promptly as they proceed in each
i House, and m a coirect and revised form, free
' from other matter, and in sheets proper for distri-
j bution.
! The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted yesterday by Mr.
Simmons:
Rl wlced, That the Committee on the Library
; be instructed to report a bill for the employment
of fliram Powers to execute an equestrian statue
| of Washington, in bronze: and that they include
therein a clause, appropriating for that pui pose the
. necessary sum out of any money m the treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. SEVIER moved that the resolution be
amended so as to read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of report-
ma a bill, &c.
Which amendment was agreed to, and the reso-
lution, as amended, was adopted.
The Senate took up the bill from the House of
Representatives repealing the act requiring one of
the judges of the Circuit Court of the District of
Columbia hereafter to reside in the city of Alex-
andria; which was read a first time.
Mr. ASHLEY remarked that this bill was a
precisc copy of one which had been reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and
he could therefore sec no necessity of referring the
bill from the House to a committee of the Senate;
and moved that it be considered at this time, unless
any Senator desired it should be placed upon the
calendar.
Mr. MILLER remarked that a remonstrance
against the repeal of the law in question had been
