430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
referred to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia; and it was due to the remonstrants that the
bill from the House under consideration should
not be hurried through, but either referred to a
committee, or placed upon the calendar.
Mr. WESTCOTT observed that it was import-
ant to the judge, in whose behalf the repeal of the
law referred to was proposed, that it should be
acted upon speedily. The bill had been reported
by the Judiciary Committee of each House, and
he believed that it might be immediately and safely
passed.
The bill was finally placed upon the calendar.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the report of the Committee on Pensions, upon
the petition of John England, was recommitted.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the House had
passed the resolution of the Senate, authorizing
the transmission and presentation of books to the
Minister of Justice of France, in exchange for books
received from him.
The PRESIDENT announced that the next
business before the Senate would be the " Bill for
the continuation of the Cumberland road, in the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois;" when
Mr. SPEIGHT suggested that as the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Hannegan,] who had brought
in the above bill, was not m his seat, it be infor-
mally passed by; and moved that the Senate resume
the consideration of the " Bill to apply certain al-
ternate sections of the public domain toward the
completion of works of internal improvement in
the State of Michigan, and for other purposes;"
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE then resumed h is remarks
upon the bill, but had not concluded, when he gave
way to a motion by
IVIr. LEWIS, who moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special oider;
which was agreed to.
SPECIAL ORDEK.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the joint, resolution of
Mr. Allen, as amended by the Committee on For-
eign Relations, the amendments offered by Messrs.
Hannegan, Calhoun, and Crittenden, and the
joint resolution of the House of Representatives
on the same subject.
The question pending being on the substitute
moved by Mr. Crittenden.
Mr. BkEESE rose and said that he did not in-
tend at present to enter into a discussion of the
question before the Senate; he would take a future
opportunity to express his own views upon that
matter, and the views and feelings with which the
State which he had the honor to represent looked
upon it. He rose simply to present a resolution,
which, when in order, it was his intention to offer
as an amendment to any of the propositions now
before the Senate; and to move that the further
consideration of the subject be postponed till Mon-
day next.
The resolution was read for information, and is
as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
give notice to the Ihitish Government that it is
the desire of the Government of the United States
to annul and abrogate the provisions of the third
article of the convention concluded between the
Government of the United States of America and
his Britannic Ma jesty the King of the United King-
dom of Great Britain and Ireland, on the 20th of
October, 1818, and indefinitely continued by the
convention between the same parties, signed at
London the 6th of August, 1827.
Resolved, further, That, on the expiration of
twelve months from the day of giving the said no-
tice, the said convention shall be considered an-
nulled and abrogated.
The following is the amendment intended to be
proposed by Mr. Colquitt to the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Crittenden to the joint resolution
(S. I) advising the President of tlie United States
to give notice to the Government of Great Britain
of the termination of the treaty of 1818, and which
was yesterday read for information, and ordered
to be printed:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert—
"That notice be given, in terms of the treaty,
for abrogating the convention made between Great
Britain and the United States on the twentieth
of October, eighteen hundred and eighteen, and
continued by the convention of eighteen hundred
and twenty-seven, immediately after the close of
the present session of Congress, unless the Pres-
ident, in his discretion, shall consider it expedient
to defer it to a later period.
" Sec. 2. And be it further resolved. That it is ear-
nestly desired that the long-standing controversy
respecting limits in the Oregon territory be speed-
ily settled, by negotiation and compromise, m or-
der to tranquillize the public mind, and to preserve
the friendly relations of the two countries."
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON expressed his opinion
that it might be more regular if the various amend-
ments proposed by the Senate should be offered
m the form of amendments to the joint resolution
of the House of Representatives, heretofore, they
had been proposed as amendments to the report
of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations.
In the form he suggested, they would go back to
the House as the action of the Senate on the reso-
lutions from the House, and the action of the
House would then be definitive. This course, in
his opinion, would be the most respectful to the
House, and would expedite the object all must
have in view, to arrive at some conclusion on the
subject.
Mr. ALLEN. The Committee on Foreign Re-
lations reported back to the Senate the resolution
which passed the House of Representatives, and
moved that it be made the special order on the
same day on which the resolution reported by the
committee on behalf of the Senate was made the
special order of the day, so that the whole sub-
ject-matter be considered at the same time. It is
probably a matter of no great moment whether
the resolutions proposed by Senators now, or the
amendments, be oflcred as amendments to one or
other of these propositions, because, in point of
fact, all the amendments which have been sub-
mitted arc m themselves complete and entire, and
designed to be substitutes for the original resolu-
tion leported by the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions They all embracc the whole of the matter.
It is a contest between many forms, all looking to
the same thing. It is a bare question of form.
Some Senators think it ought to have a particular
form, and they alter it conformably to then* views;
and so throughout the whole of the resolutions
which have been submitted. All the resolutions
that have been submitted by way of amendment
constitute entire, and distinct, and separate propo-
sitions—separate and distinct from each other
barely in matter of form. The object of all is to
terminate the convention; some wishing to do so
with conditions, some wishing to terminate it
at the instant—others at a future period, and so
on. I say, therefore, there is no particular rea-
son why the amendments should be offered as
amendments to one or the other of the main reso-
lutions—that of the Senate or that of the House.
All will have to be taken up and acted on. As a
mstter of course, we must dispose of the resolu-
tion which came from the House. I suppose that
my friend from Illinois [Mr. Breese] submitted
his proposition merely for the purpose of getting
it before the Senate, reserving to lumself the right
of offering it as an amendment to any other spe-
cific proposition that might be before the Senate.
Mr. BENTON. What is the question ?
The PRESIDENT. It is on the postponement
of the further consideration of the subject till Mon-
day next.
Mr. BENTON. I think when we come to the
process of voting, it will be at once parliamentary
i and proper that we should take up the resolution
i of the House, and vote upon that, and that all the
\ propositions which gentleman have offered should
j be considered as amendments to it. The Clerk of
! the House, when communicating to you the reso-
| lution passed by that body, informed you that he
| was directed to ask your concurrence in that par-
! ticular measure. We are bound to respond to that
! message; and the proper response will be by voting
1 on that resolution, passing upon it, and sending it
back to them either m the same shape or in a dif-
ferent form, or rejecting it altogether. By that
means we come to a conclusion. By that means
we properly come to the end. This is the parlia-
mentary course. Instead of acting definitively on
that resolution, we send back a new resolution em-
anating from this body: no definitive action can
thereby be attained; but resolutions might continue
to be sent backwards and forwards between the
two bodies, without coming to any conclusion.
He would, therefore, when the proper time should
come, move to postpone the resolution of the Sen-
ate now under consideration, for the purpose of ta-
king up, and acting on the resolution from the
House.
Mr. WEBSTER. When we were here yester-
day, the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Colquitt]
suggested an amendment to the resolution from the
House to take the place—if that gentleman should
think fit—of the amendment offered by the honor-
orable member from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden.]
I think we adjourned yesterday, leaving it to be
considered by the honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky whether the amendment to which I refer
was of such a nature as he could accept it, it not
being in order to move it as an amendment to an
amendment. I do not mean to say that under this
motion to amend, the whole question is not open.
But still I should be gratified to know from my
friend from Kentucky whether, after the reflection
he has given to the subject, he proposes now to
adopt, instead of his own, the proposition offered
by the gentleman from Georgia? 1 confess I feel
that the time has arrived when the Senate should
signify some opinion on this matter, if ever, in-
deed, it is to signify any opinion other than to con-
cur or non-concur in the general proposition before
them. I, have not been desirous of obtruding my-
self upon the Senate in this matter from first to last.
But I feel the extreme public inconvenience of the
present state of things. I use not too strong a
term when I say the public inconvenience is " ex-
treme" in consequence of the present posture of
this affair. As far as the matter is constitutionally
before us, and we are in possession of it, I think it
our duty, if we are to express any opinion at all,
to express it as soon as we can fairly, deliberate-
ly, and honestly form one. I wish, then, that one
step may be taken—if it be a step—in our pro-
gress, to know whether the gentleman from Ken-
tucky has made up his mind whether the subject
before us, shall be the proposition in the form in
which it has been presented by the gentleman from
Georgia? Certainly, if it be the pleasure of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Breese] to proceed
in the discussion of the general question, and he is
desirous not to proceed now, of course I shall con-
cur very readily in any wish he may express for a
postponement. But in the first place, I should be
glad to know what is likely to be the posture of
affairs when we shall again assemble, in order that
we may see what probability there is that we shall
agree on any point.
t Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have examined atten-
tively the proposition submitted yesterday by the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Colquitt,] with a,
most anxious desire to consult the opinion of this
body as far as possible, and to concentrate it on
some proposition. I have no particular attach-
ment to the terms of the proposition which I had
the honor to present. I think that the modification
of the gentleman from Georgia is so little different
from that which 1 submitted, that I have not the
slightest objection to accept it in lieu of mine, I
have no hesitation in adopting it entirely. But be-
yond that which is offered as a modification of the
resolution offered by me, there is a distinct and sub-
stantive resolution also proposed by the gentleman
from Georgia, and as to that I am not now prepared
to express so entire a concurrence as that I could
j now undertake to adopt it as a modification. It is
not such in effect, It is a substantive, a distinct
proposition, which the gentleman would be at lib-
erty to move himself hereafter at any stage of the
proceedings. But I should hope that that, too,
might be so modified in point of phraseology as to
remove all my objections, and enable me to accept
of it likewise as a modification of part of my origi-
nal proposition. But at present I do not feel au-
thorized to accept or adopt that. There are other
propositions in lieu of it, which, with a little time
and consultation, might be acceptable. So far as
my original amendment is affected, I give it up and
adopt the proposition of the Senator From Georgia.
I beg, now that I am up, to say another word. It
has been alleged to be necessary to proceed so far
as to take some vote here in order to indicate the
wish and temper of the Senate on this great ques-
, tion, in time to be conveyed by the next steamer
j to England. I do not think tfyat that is very im-
i portant. On neither side of the water is such in-
I formation likely to have much effect on public sen-
