THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED
AT THE CITY OF
WASHINGTON
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
!?i29xH Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 3,
1846.
New Series....JS'o. S28.
[Mr. Webster] said he thought would receive
the votes "of two-thirds of this body.
Mr. WEBSTER. I said a majority of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. BREESE. I know the honorable Senator
at first said a majority, but a friend on his right
suggested two-thirds, which the Senator seemed
to ehimein with very readily, and to adopt. I
cannot, sir, think that it would get the votes of a
majority of this Senate. It could not receive mine.
As the representative of my constituents—the peo-
ple of Illinois—I could not give a vote that would
place the Executive under the necessity of yield-
ing, against his wishes, a portion of American ter-
ritory to a foreign Power. It appears to me that
we are placed in a very awkward position as far
as our Government is concerned. Look at the dip-
lomatic correspondence laid before this body. A f-
ter receiving our offer of the 49tli degree and re-
fusing it, does the British Minister propose any
substitute? No, sir; and I should like to know
how it is to be settled by negotiation.
Mr. WEBSTER. I should like to know that
also.
Mr. BREESE. We must go on as directed by
the President, give this notice, and arrive at a defi-
nite point, at which our claims must be asserted
and maintained. I do not think, sir, with the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, that our first duty is to secure
peace. No, sir; our first duty is the preservation
of all our national rights, the protection of our in-
terests, and the vindication of our national honor.
That is our duty; and if, in doing so, war ensue,
then I say, let it come; then the nerve of the Amer-
ican people will be tested; the American people
would be found ready to meet it. i am not anx-
ious, certainly, for such a state of things; nor do I
think that anything growing out of our present af-
fairs can involve us in a war with Kngland. 1
have merely to add that I hope this subject will be
postponed, to afford time for further reileeUon and
discussion.
Mr. COLQUITT. I wish at this time to make
one ortwo remarks. On a former occasion I stated
to the Senate that I intended to go in favor of giv-
ing the notice; that I would go for it in any shape
in which it had been presented; but I have thought
it advisable to present an amendment, the second
part of which is inserted for the purpose of eliciting
and ascertaining what is the feeling of this body in
regard to negotiation. According to the speeches
of gentlemen who may be considered to know most
about the views of Government on the matter, I he
Executive is opposed to negotiation as dishonorable;
and if there be a majority of the Senate to sustain
those views, and prepared to say that they will not
give up one inch of Oregon, it is time the country
should understand it, that they may be prepared to
meet all the results. I say it is idle to talk of ne-
gotiation, if in the same breath we say we must
have every inch of Oregon. The Senator from Il-
linois had said that this question would try the
nerve of the American people. Well, sir, I am
not much given to boastingmyself about my readi-
ness to fight, nor do I think the people of Georgia
would desire me to say much in their behalf, or
-eulogize their neine in war. But this much I will
say, that I think the greatest nerve is required to
enable us to show ourselves men in nothing but
what is right. I give men little credit for their
valor when they are backed by their constituents;
but on great national questions, if die tide of public
sentiment was running in favor of a particular
position, the truth and justice of which a man
doubted in his own heart, and he was required to
act according to his own?convictions£that was the
point at which his nerve would be tested.
Mr. BREESE. I have no doubt.
Mr. COLGIUITT. So I understood. The gentle-
man was speaking about nerve. If gentlemen are
bent on war, well, bring up the two countries, face
to face, and let us see then who will show most
nerve. I am for negotiation'and compromise; but
if I think the national honor compromitted by any
treaty, I think I will have nerve enough to vote
against that treaty;?and no matter what maybe
the state of public sentiment, I will endeavor to
28
act in such a maimer as to secure my ease of con-
science, and with fidelity to myself, my country,
and my God. I do not think it a great evidence
of nerve for a man to say he was barked by his
constituents in making a declaration of war. But
that is not the question. The question is not one
of nerve or no nerve; it is this: Are our rights in
that territory so fixed and established by munici-
pal, or international, or any other law, that they
cannot be a subject for negotiation? That is the
question; and it would not have been necessary
for me to advert to it now but for the sentiments
expressed here so often, that it would be dishon-
orable to make any treaty or compromise with the
British Government, giving up one inch of Oregon.
I do not propose, to enter upon this topic; 1 will :
draw no line, nor define any boundary m Oregon. ,
I will leave that to those whose duty it is to nego- .
tinto upon it, and settle it as they think proper.
"With them 1 leave it, only desiring to say this
much—that, as it has been the subject of negotia-
tion for many years between the two Governments,
and 011 the part of ours conducted by some of the
best and wisest men the country ever produced—
who had some nerve* too—men whom the people
delighted to honor, whoso courage and patriotism
were never doubted, but who ."ubmiUcd to nego-
tiation these disputed boundaiies, it is a proper
subject for negotiation. I tell the Senator fnun Il-
linois that I am willing to po with him and with
the F.xecutive step by step in prescr\ing our na-
tional honor; hut I wish to ascertain w hetber it is the
sentiment of Ooiumm ss that they are willing to give
up nothing of f> 1° -JO'. We arc bound to bo pre-
pared for the alternative; that may present itself.
]f we are resolved to negotiate for nothing but
that, then we ought to he. prepared to fight—we
ought to make preparation for war, no matter what
may bo the lesult. 1 desire, on the present occa-
sion, nothing more than to present that issue, and
ascertain whether it is the snwe of the Senate that
this Government would be dishonored if it com-
promised. 1 do not pretend to instruct the Sena-
tor from Illinois; but as the public mind is dis-
turbed on this subject, T desire to have an expres-
sion on this question. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts seems to think the Executive has acted
inconsistently. The inconsistency was in this—
that the Executive relied on negotiation, while he
asserted an indisputable title to 54° 40'. This was
the, construction put by some of the friends of the
Administration on the assertion of the chum of
54° 40'; and I do not think that the Senator does
the Executive justice in putting this construction
upon the Message in relation to this claim. I de-
sire that the Message, should he. considered the
best commentary upon itself and on its assertion
of our claim to 54° 40'. "What I said before T say
now, that the expression made use of was used in
common parlance, not tolu* understood as saying
that the title was so legally and clearly settled that
wc could make no compromise of it. [ do not
say lie will accept of a settlement at 19°, no mat-
ter what offers have been made already. I do not
desire to be understood as making an argument to
sustain him in what he may do; but I shall be
greatly mistaken in my construction of the Presi-
dent's Message if he used the words " clear and
unquestionable " to mean that it was so definitive-
ly settled as to admit of neither negotiation nor
compromise; for it does seem to me a eontiadic-
tion to say that that is fixed and unquestionable
which has been in dispute for the lest twenty-five
or thirty years; it is a contradiction in terms to
say so, according to my construction: but I do not
say that others of his friends have not the right to
put their own construction upon it as I do; but if
I mistake not, it has been said before, in language
as strong, by Mr. Clay, several years ago, at the
time he gave instructions to our Minister to renew
negotiations, and make even more liberal offers
than we have done to Great Britain.
I am not sure but the language used by the
President in his Message is the very same as that
used by Mr. Clay in regard to title; but certainly
he could not mean more than what I have given
as the true construction of the words.
He knew that the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Brekse] was usually very courteous in his man-
ner in debate, and he might speak according to
his own feelings when he threw out the intimation
that whoever was not ready to go for all of Oregon
up to 54° 40' might be actuated by a want of nerve.
The Senator very probably might feci that in his
own case, with his own strong conviction respect-
ing our title, it would be a want of nerve which
alone couid induce him to yield an inch. But the
Senator would probably admit that now and then
there might be, here and there, a man found, ay,
and a Representative, too, and one who represent-
ed a bra\e and a generous people—a people as in-
sensible to fear and as calm m danger as the hon-
orable Senator or his honorable constituency—who
might, nevertheless, believe that this Oregon ques-
tion was a suitable subject of negotiation and com-
promise. The. Senator, he presumed, did not in-
tend to insinuate that any gentleman here was
ready, through coward fear, to surrender the rights
of his country; nevertheless, this might be a very
genteel way of putting in the spurs to one suspect-
ted of not having too much courage. It might be
very good policy to say to such a gentleman, "The
world has been hitherto under the impression that
you have not much nerve. Now, the way for you
at on*.v to dissipate that suspicion, and to pro\e
that you are a man of no-ie, will be to plunge the
nation at once into war."1
"Now, gentlemen might think it very proper to
put spurs of this description to men who had not
leally courage enough to lesixt and withstand such
an application. Nobody desired to be considered
cowardly; and though the. world might very well
understand that a certain individual lacked nerve-,
yet if it could be contrived to draw the public mirid
to this question of newe or no nerve, some gentle-
men miL'iit be induced by that very consideiation
to show a terrible amount of nerve; indeed, whose
native courage, without such an artificial stimulus,
never would propel them to the performance of a
brave deed. Such men might shrink from stand-
ing up to the line unless they felt the prick of the
bayonet a posteriori. There might be a good many
timid men who, if left to their own judgment,
might be weak enough to think that the country
would not be disgraced by negotiating on such a
question. So far as Mr. C. was concerned, he
was very apt to judge the feelings of men by the
general result of experience; which was, that men
who brag greatly of their bravery were not quite
so brave as they wished to be thought. He knew,
too, that, some men spoke from passion, and others
fiom calculation. For his own part, he did not
greatly hire to get into a difficulty, and he generally
supposed Ins adversely did not like it any better
than himself. The result of his personal calcula-
tion had been rather to avoid scrapes than to seek
after them. Tie had seen your any vaporing spir-
its met before now by a modest, quiet, and appa-
lently spiritless man; ami when things came to an
issue, he had geneially observed either that the
braggart quailed bcfoie his adversary, or else got
well whipped in the fight. At all events, he did
not consider the present occasion as any great and
dccided test of nerve. We were safe yet as men
could be.
It was no great proof of courage for gentlemen,
in this comfoitable chamber, to talk largely about
fighting, when they were out of danger, and to
speak loudly about not yielding up an inch out of
many millions of acres, when the battle was afar
and no danger imminent. Mr. C. could not con-
sider it a question of newe or no newe how a gen-
tleman spoke, either in the one chamber or the
other. For himself, he had no doubt in the world,
that there were many who wished to see this ques-
tion compromised, who were as brave and patri-
otic men as the country contained, and who, should
the matter not terminate honorably, would be
found rallying with great firmness round their
country's standard; whose place would be in the
front rank, where blows were dealt; and who
would be the very last to turn their backs on the
common foe.
Mr. C. observed, in conclusion, that the gentle-
