434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
man from Illinois had always been courteous in j
debate. His remarks had been somewhat strong; •
but if Mr. C. believed with that Senator, that it j
would be a national dishonor not to insist on every j
inch of Oregon, he might very well consider that, '
if he should yield up any portion of the territory, !
he should justly expose himself to the charge of a i
want of nerve. !
Mr. JBREESE. I am exceedingly sorry that !
the gentleman has thought it necessary to take the !
coursc he has, in his remarks. I had no intention j
in what I said, to connect the title to Oregon with !
the question of nerve, nor to enter into any de- i
seription of courage as an attribute of the people I |
represent—nothing of the sort. I was merely de- I
sirous of presenting, in a strong point of view, the !
President's Message, in which he says that, after j
the expiration of the notice, we will be in a con- I
dition to pursue our rights, or abandon them.
I am really surprised that the gentleman from
Georgia should give such a coloring to my re-
maiks; and with all respect to him, 1 think that it
was uncalled for. I was only speaking of what
would be the situation of the people of this coun-
try m case the notice was given m twelve months,
and that then we either must assert our rights to
be clear and unquestionable, or abandon them. is
not that the question, and is it not entirely proper
for me to argue it in this point of view? And was
it not also competent for me to say that, should
the notice be given, conformably with the recom-
mendation of the President, when the period of its
expiration should arrive, the American people
would be so placed, that their spirit and energy
would be tested? Then it will be seen, whether
we are willing to yield to the unfounded preten-
sions of a foreign Power, and allow them to ac-
quire, by compromise and negotiation, everything
they asked, as they have before done. The time
will then arrive, when it shall be tested whether
the rights we hold sacred are to be surrendered up
to the claim of a foreign Power of as great magni-
tude as England is admitted to be. The Senator
from Georgia says that he proposed his second res-
olution, in view of the fact that the American mind
was disturbed. It may be so; but! beg leave to
tell him it is not disturbed m his sense; but it is
disturbed at the idea that any integral portion of
American territory should be taken away by a dip-
lomatic arrangement. And when I said I couid
not vote for the amendment of the Senator from
. Georgia, it was under the impression that our title
is "clear and unquestionable;" and I hold myself
responsible to prove, from the principles of inter-
national law, that it is indisputable. I do not be-
lieve, that if this was shown clearly, any gentle-
man in this Senate would vote for negotiation or
compromise. I cannot believe that a majority of
the American Senate are ready to do an act so fatal
to the interests of this country. I make no prefer-
ence of courage, either on my own part or on the
part of the people of Illinois; but I said, when the
period, after the expiration of the notice, should
arrive, the American people would be called upon
to assert their rights—that their nerves would be
tested; for, should a contest ensue with Great But-
ain upon this subject, we would have to wield the
weapon with no lady's hand, but with the heavy
gauntlet of the mightiest conflict of two great na-
tions.
Mr. ALLEN misunderstood the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Colquitt;] but he wished to know
whether he did not ofler the second section of his
resolution for the purpose of testing the sense of j
the Senate upon the question of compromising the
difficulty, if mistaken, the Senator could correct
him.
Mr. COLQUITT. There was no material mis-
take in the version given by the Senator from Ohio
[Alt. Allex] of his (Mr. C.'s) object. He had
stated that remarks made, or construction put upon
the language of the President's Message, was one
inducement for him to offer the resolution, and to
test the feeling of the Senate on the subject of ne-
gotiation and compromise.
Mr. ALLEN said he was not, then, mistaken
in any material point. He would not say that
there was any impropriety in offering the proposi-
tion which the Senator had offered; for certainly,
tipon a great public question, it was competent for
any member of the body to ascertain the sense of
the Senate by submitting a proposition. When
he did so, however, he should present his proposi-
tion in such a manner as to enable the Senate,
Feb. 26,
I whose opinions he wished to elicit, clearly and pre-
; cisely to understand the meaning of the proposi-
tion. Fairness and candor required that when a
question was asked of the Senate, which was to
be answered by a solemnly-recorded vote, that that
question should be so definite in its meaning as to
leave no room for hesitation in the mind of any
Senator. There were two words in the resolution
which admitted of a very extended, a very limited,
or a very medium sense, as might suit the conve-
nience of those by whom it was to be construed.
They were required to say to the nation and to the
world, by the adoption of that resolution, that they
earnestly desired that this long-standing controver-
sy respecting limits in the Oregon territory should
be speedily settled by negotiation and compromise.
Now, what was meant by the word compromise?
The resolution contained the word limits. It con-
tained that word as applicable to the Oregon terri-
tory, and that word is followed by the word com-
promise. "What, then, was the meaning of that
word? "When the Senate was called upon to record
a test vote of their sentiments upon the resolution,
they had a right to know whether it was the mean-
ing of the mover of the resolution that they were
to compromise the difficulty by a surrender of a
part of the territory to Great Britain. And if it
meant that they were to surrender a part, what
part? The resolution was piesented with the
avowed object of testing the sentiments of Sena-
tors—of requiring them to put upon paper the pre-
cise and exact view which they entertained with
regard to the controversy. But, from the general
phraseology of the resolution, and the vague gen-
erality of meaning which the word compromise
seemed to eairy with it, a man might well vote for
the resolution, and afterwards say that he did not
mean by compromise that they were to give away
any parr of the territory to Great Britain, but some-
thing else was meant by the word. He desired, if
the Senate was to be measured, man by man, from
head to foot, by the standard which the Senator ap-
plied to them, he desired that that standard should
be marked m inches and feet, with precise and un-
equivocal accuracy. He desired that it should be
known whethei it was the purpose of the resolu-
tion, under the disguised, or rather ambiguous,
meaning of the word "compromise,M to require the
Senate to countenance, in advance, the surrender
of a part of the Oregon territory to Great Britain?
Whether it was to be required of them that they
should express their opinions upon this great ques-
, tion of dismembering the Union; because that
| which belonged to the Union was within the right
! and power of the Union, and to sacrifice it would
be equivalent to the sacrifice of any portion of the
Union. All that he desired to know was, What
was the precise and accurate meaning of the word
"compromiseWhether, in the first place, it
meant a division of the territory, and the surrender
of a part of it to Gre.it Britain J And, if so, what
part? Wheie was the lino to be run? And for
what equivalent were they to make the surrender ?
Whether it was to be for some equivalent, or for
none ? Whether they were required to make the
: surrender for an equivalent, or from a dread of the
! consequences of not making the surrender? That
i was all. Therefoic, if their sentiments were to be
| tested, it was ncccssary that the standard should
j assume a precise and definite length. It would be
; necessary to examine the question of weights and
; measures, and see if they had them well regulated
i by a fixed law, before they undertook to regulate
i the weight and the measurement of other things.
| He wanted the thing to be put in plain language,
that its meaning might be clearly ascertained; that
i they might know whether it was meant that they
; were to surrender a part of their territory; and, if
! so, what part? He would not undertake to antici-
1 pate what the vote of the Senate would be. He
j had no right to do so: all he had a right to do was
| to ascertain what sort of meaning was to be at-
> tached to the resolution before being called upon to
. | respond to it by yeas and navs.
i! One other remark of the Senator from Georgia,
I which it seemed proper to advert to was, that the
j proposition of the President to compromise by a
' division of the territory at the 49th parallel, was
the old proposition made by his predecessors. The
Senator seemed to suppose that the fact of tendering
this proposition was to be taken as evidence of the
real opinion of the President, rather than his own
declaration of title covering the whole territory.
To see how the matter really stood, they had but
to revert to the circumstances under which that
offer was made. The President of the United
States himself declared that he made it because he
felt himself in some degree bound by what his, pre-
decessors had done, and that he withdrew it wnen
it was rejected, and acted on his own original opin-
ion, as expressed in his inaugural address, which
was, that our title was unquestionable up to the
Russian line, as settled in 1824, fixing 54° 40' as
the boundary.
Something had been said with regard to the
views of the Executive. In reference to that, he
had only to refer gentlemen to the Message itself;
and he would announce here that the views of the
President had undergone no change, nor shadow of
change. He did not desire to go into the general
discussion of this matter now, for he had had a
greater share already in the debate than had fallen
to any one individual, and he had merely risen at
present for the purpose of affording the Senator
from Georgia the opportunity of explaining more
precisely the meaning of his resolution.
Mr. COLQUITT said that, after the remarks
which he had already submitted, he could hardly
have supposed that Senators would have considered
his meaning doubtful; and he thought that the very
argument of the Senutoi from Ohio himself showed
that he did not so consider it. The Senator re-
quired a definite and exact measure fo-r the gui-
dance of the Senate. The exact measure which
he himself wanted was, whether they could conr-
proraise an inch; and he would leave it to the Ex-
ecutive, in whose hands it properly belonged, to
say how far they should compromise; ana after
that, it would be time enough for the Senate to de-
termine whether they would sustain that compro«-
mise. He did not intend to be so indelicate as to
take the matter out of the hands of the negotiators
and run a line for'them, but to test the opinion of
the Senate as to whether there ought to be a com-
promise at all. The honorable Senator from Ohio
spoke of a compromise as being a dismemberment
of the Union; that he considered to be an indica-
tion on the part of the Senator of his intention to
go against all negotiation and all compromise, and
his purpose was to see how many Senators were
of that opinion. But, said the Senator from Ohio,
we must run the line; we must take the propor-
tions and dimensions of the compromise; we must
define precisely how far we will go. But that was
not the object of his resolution; that question was
with the negotiators. It was for them to submit
such proposition as they might think reasonable.
And there was another reason why the Senate
should not mark out a definite line: and that was,
that if they did so, they would have to act upon it
hereafter; whereas they ought not to commit them-
selves to any definite division df-the territory. The
test he desired was, whether the public negotiator
should be authorized to compromise at all upon
any boundary short of 54° 40'. The Senator had
treated the question as though the territory of Ore-
gon up to 54° 40' constituted an integral portion of
the United States. Why, that was the very ques-
tion in dispute. He would make no argument
against the title of this country, but he was aware,
arid the Senator from Ohio was aware, that no line
has been run. He was aware that exceedingly
wise men, certainly possessing more ability than he
would arrogate to himself, had looked upon it as'a
matter of controversy. He was aware that some
of the best statesmen the country ever boasted had
made efforts to settle the question by compromise.
And that was now the test, whether it was the
sense of the Senate, or of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, that there could be no negotiations and
no compromise; that there could be nothing ac-
cepted short of the claim set up by the President to
the whole of the territory up to 54° 40'. That was
the test. As to where the line should be run, that
was a matter which he would leave with the nego-
tiator. If necessary, he could give his opinion
upon it; but he would leave it in the hands of the
proper parties, and if they could not negotiate, the
Senate might then actupon it.
One other remark as to the President's views
upon the subject. The Senator from Ohio had
spoken in exceedingly emphatic language; and the
inference to be drawn from his remarks was, that
the President concurred with him that no compro-
mise could now be made by which the united
States should receive less than the whole territo-
ry, having withdrawn the offer of compromise
upon the 49th parallel. It might be so; it might be
