1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
that the Senator had some private information
of which others were wholly ignorant. It might
be that the President had made communications to
him which had not been made public; but when
the Senator asserted that the President had with-
drawn the proposition for a compromise, and de-
clared our title to be unquestionable, he would like
to be informed whether the intention of the Ex-
ecutive was that there could be no compromise.
Mr. ALLEN said he had stated nothing but
■what the public documents informed him of. The
arguments accompanying the withdrawal of the
proposition expressly reasserted our claim up to
the Russian boundary. That was what he had
said; and he had said that the President now stood
precisely where the correspondence which had
been laid upon the table placed him.
Mr. COLQUITT. But that is where we all
stand. The President ceitainly claims up to 54°
40', and so do we; but does that argue that the
President considers the hue fixed and settled?
Does he consider it so fixed and settled, that to
compromise short of that boundary would be a
national dishonor ? There is, if I may judge from
the correspondence, no such evidence there. What
does the Secretary mean, when he savs in his
last letter, "Two great nations, so closely bound
* together by their commercial ties, ought to be
* able amicably to arrange this question between
1 themselves?" What does he mean when he says
this? Cannot arbitration settle it? Am I to sup-
pose that the line has been so fixed that there can
be no compromise? Judging- from the correspond-
ence, I would take exactly the reverse of this po-
sition. I would be led to believe that they feel
they can do each other justice by negotiation. It
was the construction which I placed upon that
part of the President's Message, and upon the cor-
respondence, which induced me to oiler the second
section of my resolution; if negotiation and com-
promise be inadmissible, that we may understand
how to vote when those measures of appropria-
tion come up, which will, in that case, be neces-
sary; that is all.
Isut the Senator from Ohio says wc must have
the exact dimensions—we mustdiaw a line. Why,
that is what I want the negotiators to do. I desire
that they should take their own legitimate work
into their own hands. But if we say to them ihat
the compromise of an inch of Oregon would he a
national disgrace, why, of coui.se, the President
will stop all negotiation; and I made the proposi-
tion to see whether there should be compromise at
all. My own convictions, as expressed the other
day, are, that our title is not so clear to the whole
of Oregon that it would be a national disgrace to
negotiate and compromise, and I desire to test the
sense of the Senate upon that point.
Mr. ALLEN. The second section of the hon-
orable Senator's resolution, then, is intended to
have the effect of advising the President. It does
not confer any power upon him which he has not
now; that is manifest. Jt is designed solely to ad-
vise him, and being an advicc, it seems to me but
justice to the President that the advice should
carry its own explanation with it. Now, sir, the
state of the case may be presented in very few
words. At the opening of this session of Con-
gress, the President in his annual Message tells us
that " the extraordinary and inadmissible demands
6 of the British Government, and the rejection of
6 the proposition made in deference alone to what
* had been done by my predecessors, and the 1111-
4 plied obligation which their acts seemed to im-
4 pose, afford satisfactory evidence that no com-
« promise which the United States ought to accept
< can be effected. With this conviction, the pro-
4 position of compromise which had been made
4 and rejected was, by my direction, subsequently
4 withdrawn, and our title to the whole of Oregon
' territory asserted, and, as is believed, maintained
* by irrefragable facts and arguments."
That is what the President tells Congress. And
in answer to that, the resolution of the Senator de-
clares u that it is earnestly desired that the long-
£ standing controversy respecting limits m the Or-
6 egon territory be speedily settled by^ negotiation
i and compromise, in order to tranquillize the pub-
< lie mind, and to preserve the friendly relations of
6 the two countries." Now, sir, the Senate is to
send this advice in answer to the advice which the
President sends us. He advises us to act, and it
is proposed to avoid action, and answer his advice
by advising him, throwing the responsibility upon
him, and at the same time refusing to specify what
we mean. That is it. Well, I suppose that this
matter will go to the common receptacle where all
the other propositions have gone, and will come
up for consideration all together; therefore, 1 ask
pardon of the Senate for having consumed this
much of its time in reference to this matter now.
Mr. CALHOUN rose and said, it is veiy ob-
vious that the great question involved in this mat-
ter is this: Can the controversy between us and
Great Britain be settled by negotiation and com-
promise? or is it to be settled by an assertion of
our right to the entire territory, and an appeal to
arms? Whatever doubts have heretofore existed
upon this point, there can be none after the decla
ration of to-day, that this is the real question in-
volved
been
Revolution to the pr
nently desirable that the Senate should make an
expression of their opinion upon this important
matter. 1 cannot believe that thoie is a single
Senator who has not made up Ins mind upon it,
or who can hesitate to respond yea or nay, when
the question is put in the form of an amendment
to the resolution. Sir, I hold u important that they
should respond. It is necessary to know the sense
of this body, in order to guide our future legislation.
If we mean to maintain our tide by force of aims,
let us begin, let us kiy aside all other things; and
let me say, if gentlemen do not begin with the ne-
cessary measures before involving the country in
a war, you are most likely to be discomfited ; mid
foremost among those important measures are
i those relating to your finances. Sir, I hold it to
i be desirable to guide the business men of the
country. They know not what to do, nor have
they known for the last time months. The prop-
erty of thousands has been periled, and nnihons
upon millions have been lost. Sir, there ought to
be an end to this state « f e\i itcment. With due
defei-encc to the Kxeeulive, and without intending
the slightest disrespect, I must sayl greatly regrei
that it ha* been hit m the stale of uncertainty it
has. Sir, I deem it to be mipoitant, and 1 speak
without hesilalion on this point, that U should be
passed this very day; because, u hates er our de-
cision is, if is desirable, in mv opinion, that it
should reach the other side of the Atlantic as
speedily as possible.
Sir, I hchuved fiom the. beginning of the session
that the great question of peaee and war depended
upon this body—upon your gravity, your wisdom
ind
' the United States has the best title." He under-
stood the Senator from Georgia to be willing to go
for this amendment, and he asked the consent of
the Senate that it might be printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he did not rise for the
purpose of prolonging the discussion, but torehe\e
himself from a misapprehension of his remaiks on
the part of the Senator from Illinois, who had very
earnestly declared that lie differed entirely from the
Senatoi from Kentucky in the sentiment which he-
had expressed, that it was one nf our greatest du-
ties to preserve the peace of the country; that it
was our jh'U duty to preserve the peace of the eoun-
;d that he differed en-
tirely from that sentiment. Then (continued Mr.
C.) I am obliged to mfcr that, if the gentleman
- I
?d. A question of greater moment never has <\ differs from me, he misunderstands my meaning.
presented in Congress from the days of the 1 Did the gentleman luider.stnnri me as saying that,
dution to the present. Sit, 1 hold it cmi- jj in order to pieserve peace. T would sacrifice the
honor and interests of the country5 That it was
our first duty to preserve peace <tt any sacrifice?
IVIr. Certainly not.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, If, then, pea^e can be
preserved consistently with the honor and interests
of the country, [ ask him if he differs with me ?
Mr. BRKESIih Certainly not. But I hold that
our first duty i« to preserve all the rights of the
country; and if, while preserving those rights, wc
: can preserve peace, T hold it to be our duty to do so.
! 1U r. COLQUITT. One remark, by way of rc-
; turning thanks to the Senator from Indiana. And,
1 first, let me state that, from the mannei in which
; he piesents his amendment, lie seems to conclude
' that we believe the line to he settled at 51° 40'.
: Aow, how are wo to decide upon this point* The
1 E\eeuti\e says that our title is clear up to that
line; but the Kxecutive of this country is not the
1 sole tribunal by which that question is to be dcter-
j mined. The Senator seems to assume the Prcsi-
j dent's judgment alone to he conclusive upon a
, question of our title to the whole : but that is the
, \cj y question m dispute. We insist that ours is
' the hc-'t title; they insist that 1 heirs is the best,
jllenn we disagiee. and the whole dispute rests
| just where it did In fore the President made his
de< laration. And whether we are to compel our
: adversaries to take our adjudication of our own
! rights, that is the question.
! Mr. IlANNlf.GAN. My proposition is very
| biief, simple, andexplicit. K\ery Senator under-
, stands it. It provides against the smiender of any
| portion which is ours; and I ask the Senator from
w , ,i Georgia if he is willing to say here that he will
your patriotism; ami 1 trust that such a re- j| vote for the surrender of one foot of American soil
sponse will be ^ iven this va)/ (htii as will quiet the ji under the arrogant demand of any Power on earth?
feats of millions on both sides of the Atlantic. ;i Is not the American public the great tribunal that
'| will determine the question? 1 hold that the sen-
j tnnents which ft 11 to-day from the illustrious Sen-
! ator from Massachusetts, and which will carry his
1 name alone to the very frontiers of time, that his
! "tongue should blister bcfoie he would argue
i against the \meriecm title pending negotiations,"
i was worthy of the representative of Massachusetts
Sir, I entertain the most courteous feelings towards
the Senator from Illinois, and T would indulge htm
with the tune he requires, if I could consistently
with my duty. And let me say to the Senator that
a slight dilfeience in meie plnascology can be of
little consequence, so far as great questions arc
concerned, as it is not proposed, 1 presume, to g
further than to try the seme of the Senate upon i in her proudest and best days. I am opposed to
this amendment at this time, and heieafter he will
have an opportunity to express his views to what- \
ever extent lie wishes. I
Mr. llAKNIiGAN said he did not desire to pro- i
tract the discussion, but he rose simply to ask the !
consent of the Senate that, he might lay upon the j
table and have punted a resolution w Inch he in- ;
tended, at the proper time, to offer as an amend- j
ment. to the resolution of the Senator from Georgia. '
lie assured the Senate that his feelings were with .
that Senator, and that he regarded nil his measures '
with profound respect. But he was induced to j
offer this amendment by the language which had j
fallen from hnn to-day. lie had known that Sen- ]
ator intimately since the commencement of ins ser- j
vice in Congress, and there were old attachments '
existing between them which he busted would not j
1)0 severed. He offered this amendment as meeting
completely the opinion expressed by the Senator.
His amendment was, first, to strike out all after
the words present session,''* in the first section of
the Senator's resolution, and his object was to
avoid, if possible, what all gentlemen must desire
to avert, the call of an extra session of Congress.
His amendment next proposed to strikeout, in the
second section, all after the word " compromise,"
(the w ord{' negotiation "he would leave in to grati fy
the Senator,) and insert the following: "Provided,
< That no portion of said territory shall be surren-
' dered to the Government of Great Britain to which
arbitration. 1 am opposed to the views of the
Senator from Kentucky, to whose remarks, how-
ever, I listened with peculiar pleasure; but there
was one Englishman to whom, if living, I would
submit the question without hesitation, and that
man was Lord Camden.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maiyland, said it was not
his purpose to engage in the debate. He rose
merely to put an inquiry to the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations—an inquiry which
he deemed called for by the remarks which fell
from that gentleman. He was sure that the Sena-
tor would see, w hat the whole public sees and feels,
that it was exceedingly desirable that the public
should be informed, as far as could be consist-
ently with the public interests, what was the deter-
mination of the Executive in regard to this ques-
tion. The inquiiy which he wished to propound
to the Senator had been, in his judgment, rendered
necessary by the declaration of the Senator, that,
when the President offered to settle the dispute
upon the parallel of 49°, he did it exclusively in
compliance with offers of the same description
which had been made by his predecessors, and in
deference to their judgment; and when he asserted,
as he did, that our title was clear and undisputed,
which opinion he still retains, that he declared his
determination to fall back and take nothing short
of 54° 40'. He undeistood the Senator to add,
that he felt authorized to say that there had bee
