436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
no shade or shadow of turning in the mind of the
Executive. The inquiry which he wished to put
to the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, standing in the relation to the President
which was calculated to make the community be-
lieve that he was ad\ised of the precise views of
the President, was this: Whether he was autho-
rized to say that the President would refuse to ne-
gotiate upon any terms short of 54° 40' ?
Mr. ALLEN said he did not consider that he
had ever been embarrassed in his life, and he never
would be, under whatever circumstances he might
be placed; because, having but one motive m view,
and that the public good, he should always act
with strict reference to that motive. The Presi-
dent of the United States had a constitutional mode
of making his sentiments known to Congress, and
that was by his official communications. Pie had
resorted to that constitutional mode, and had laid
upon their table in unequivocal language his vieu s
of the whole matter. Instead, therefore, of asking
him what the President meant, the Senator would
do more wisely to consult the record on the table.
What he did say, and what he was authorized to
say, was, that from the position assumed by the
President in his Message, as recorded in their
Journal, he had not swerved in sentiment or opin-
ion one single iota. The Senator would hardly
believe, he was sure, that it was his duty, if it were
in his power, to answer the question as to what
the President would in future do in regard to the
negotiations. The Senator would hardly expect
the President himself to answer tho question. The
Senate had always taken precautions against such
questions by incorporating in resolutions of inqui-
ry a saving clause, if, in his judgment, the corre-
spondence could be jaid before the public with a
just reference to the publicintcrests. He had said
nothing more in repaid to the views of the Presi-
dent than their iccoids showed, wherein his opin-
ions were amply expressed. He had &aid, and he
repeated, that the proposition to run the line at
49° was offered m deference to what had been
done by his predecessors, and that it was not a
thing emanating from his own freewill. lie hod
said further, that, having withdrawn the proposi-
tion, he re-assumed the ground of his originally
entertained opinion, by reasserting our claim and
our title ud to the Russian boundary.
Mr. PENNYBACKER rose and said: I ap-
prove of the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia, and I do so because it exhibits justice
and wisdom. I will vote for it; but before I came
to that conclusion, I found it necessary to satisfy
myself in some measure of the probability of the
measure being brought about. I was not ignorant
of the fact that the President of the United States
had withdrawn the proposition of compromise,
and had given his opinion that no compromise
that we should accept could be agreed upon.
Nevertheless, it never entered my head that any-
body could lashly entertain the belief that all Ote-
gon could be obtained by negotiation; and with all
respect for the opinions of those who have placed
their construction on the President's Message—
that he will not be satisfied with less than the
whole territory—I must differ from them. How ;
can I entertain the opinion that the President would ■
not be willing that this matter should be settled
short of 54° 40', when I remember that in the j
very despatch of Mr. Buchanan in which he do- j
monstraies our title to 54° 40', he makes the prop- j
osition, under instructions from the President of
the United States, to have the matter settled on the ■
basis of 19°. In the very letter, sir, which niam- ,
tains the clear and unquestionable title of theUni- |
ted States to 54° 40', is the proposition made that
the matter shall be ad justed on the parallel of 49°; ■
and giving Great Britain Vancouver's Island. 1
Well, the proposition was made, but not accepted; '
and th/ni it was the President withdrew what
seemed to be, from the generality of the language :
used, the proposition of compromise; although the :
language used, if particularly scrutinized, it would ;
mean no more than this: that he withdrew the ;
specific offer of 49° with Vancouver's Island, leav-
ing the general question of compromise still open.
Well, what further do we find on this subject?
I do not pretend to be in possession of any know-
ledge more than is possessed by members in gen-
eral of this body, of the course the Executive will
pursue in this matter; nor am I desirous of it, be-
cause I shall be meddling with a matter not belong-
ing to'me. But, sir, is it not folly to say, that
when the offer of 49° was made, it was considered
by the Secretary of State as the utmost limit to
which the United States could go? or that when
the boundary of the Columbia was proposed on
the part of Great Britain, it was regarded as the
extreme point at which their proposals should stop,
and that all negotiation must rest there? If that
be the view we are to take, it was placing the
question on much narrower ground than the Pres-
ident indicated in authorizing Mr. Buchanan to
make the proposition. What was the consequence
of withdrawing the proposition ? It was to extend
the basis of negotiation, and to give the opportu-
nity to the United States of negotiating on other
and proper grounds. Why, sir, in the very letter
of Mr. Buchanan in which he withdraws the offer
of compromise, and asserts the title to 54° 40', he
expresses the hope that the matter may be settled,
and happily adjusted.
Plow adjusted, unless by negotiation and com-
promise ? I have already said that the title was
asserted to 54° 40' in Mr. Buchanan's letter; and
I particularly wish gentlemen to refer to it as an
irrefrao'nble argument sustaining the title of the
United States to 54° 40'. What else > In the let-
ter of Mr. B., in which he rejects the offer of ar-
bitration, he savs,in still stronger and more decided
language, that it is useless to resort to arbitration;
that the interests of the two nations are so great that
they should be able to do each other justice, blow
can I understand that as precluding arbitration for
less than 54° 40'? I consti ue the Message in this
way: that although the President uses strong lan-
guage, the question is still open in his opinion to
negotiating and I have no doubt that if the British
Minister would bring this up as his offer of nego-
tiation, the President is still ready to compromise
in an honorable way. In my opinion I can nave
no objection to the Senator from Georgia's amend-
ment, because it does nothing more than justice to
the President, and because it attaches the right
m^anine; to his expressions. I shall vote for it. It
corrccts the construction put upon the President's
Message here, and perhaps elsewhere, and gives
what I consider to be its clear and evident mean-
in?'.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, said it was far
from his purpose, in propounding the question
which he hod to the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, to give him any embarrass-
ment. His single purpose was to ascertain whether
the Senate and the country were to understand that
the Senator intended to announce that the Presi-
dent of the United States would adhere to the de-
termination announced on the 2d December. He
was of course not very well advised in matters
of this description, but he had been taught to be-
lieve that a gentleman occupying his position was
possessed of information more direct than any :
other Senator. Me understood now that the Sena- •
tor professed—and what he professed was of course |
the truth—to be in possession of no information I
other than that open to all the body ; and he beg- I
ged leave, therefore, for the purpose of correcting 1
(so far as any remaiks of his could correct) what ;
camp from so distinguished a source—he would 1
be°; leave to read that nortion of the Message re- i
laiingto this subject. [Here Mr. J. read from the
Message.] .Now, lie would put it to the Senator ;
and to the country whether, if die President meant :
what lie said, he would not now, as then, settle >
the question upon the forty-ninth parallel ? Would ,
he ever have done so, unless convinced that it would 1
comport with the honor of the nation? And if he ,
was convinced that honor and duty demanded that j
compromise, what has arisen to change his belief, ^
a;id to leod him now to refuse to negotiate upon i
those temw 3 ;
Mr. CASS said lie would not occupy the time of :
the Senate: he knew their impatience, but it was a 1
very grave topic. Events were closing around us; i
difficulties which he had foreseen since the moment
when he had read the President's Message were
now making themselves felt. Every day our po-
sition was becoming more critical. The honorable
Senator from South Carohna unred the adoption,
the immediate adoption of the resolution, to the ex-
clusion of all other business; and why? Was it
to operate upon the President? It seemed to him
not. The President had naturally the control of
the action of the Government in this controversy.
Congress was powerless as far as direct negotiation
was concerned. The honorable Senator seemed
anxious that the action of the Senate upon the ques-
tion should take place* forthwith7, in order that it
might go to England; and why? We were mov-
ing in a charmed circle. Why should it go to
England ? Was it to invite England to make an-
other proposition? The Senator knew that the
Senate was utterly powerless; that a declaration
from them would be nothing before the English
Government. But the Senator denied that nego-
tiation and compromise should be proceeded with.
Why, if the British Government were disposed to
make a proposition for compromise, they would do
so without waiting for any proceeding on the part
of Congress; and he must say that it seemed to
him in exceedingly bad taste.
Mr. CALHOUN, interposing, said he hoped the
honorable Senator would allow him to observe that
he had narrowed down the proposition, and omit-
ted the very point which he had made, viz. that
the business of the country would be materially in-
jured by the continuance of uncertainty in relation
to this great question. lie was not the negotiator,
and what conditions might be proposed by Eng-
land lie was not prepared to say; but since he was
upon his feet, he would make a single remark.
From the beginning it had been his impression,
whether that impression were right or wrong, that
the Government of Great Britain would never take
a definitive position until there had been action on
the part of Congress; and he thought it was of the
utmost importance that the question should be
speedily settled.
Mr. CASS, resuming, said he had supposed that
the honorable Senators motive had been founded
upon political grounds; and, in that view, he would
remark that he would be actuated, as far as he
was concerned, by no desire to draw from England
an offer to negotiate by any action on the part of
Congress. It could be of no practical benefit.
And if you make a declaration, (continued Mr.
C.,) you are precisely where you were before. It
does not at all settle the business; it does not dis-
close to your own citizens any certainty in relation
! to the final disposition of this question, because
1 the whole matter still depends upon negotiations.
J So far as that effect is to be produced, it can only
be by a termination of difficulties, or such a course
\ as will lead to a termination. So I do not see how
j the conveying of such intelligence to Europe as
I the Senator proposes can affect the question,
and I must repeat again that it seems to me in bad
taste. What would we think of a resolution pass-
ing the House of Commons declaring that Great
Britain was in favor of negotiations ? I concur
with the Senator from Kentucky that the Presi-
dent has constitutionally the direction of the affair;
and I would not take from him one iota of his re-
sponsibility. Let him go on. His course is be-
fore him under the Constitution; andletusact when
it becomes necessary that we should act.
But now suppose that this resolution be adopted,
i and suppose it is forwarded to Europe. Four
' times already has thisGovernmentoffered to Great
! Britain to compromise upon the 49th parallel, and
; four times has that offer been refused; the last time
rather indignantly refused, and it was then with-
drawn. And I must confess that, after reading the
speech of Sir Robert Peel in the British Parlia-
ment, I am at a loss how to reconcile the profes-
sions of the British Government with the course
pursued by their Minister here. 1 supposed that
no Minister would take on himself to refuse a
proposition, unless he had specific instructions so
to do, without referring that proposition to his
Government. Mr. Pakcnham must have had gen-
eral or specific instructions, or he thought he knew
the determinaton of his Government so well that
it was useless to consult them. I consider it, upon
the whole, one of the most singular facts that has
taken place in diplomacy; while, after all, the Brit-
ish Minister remains here, notwithstanding the
disavowal of his proceeding, and, as far as we
■ know, is likely to remain.
; Now, then,"Mr. President, what right have you
; to suppose that the British Government, under any
circumstances, will be influenced in their conduct
, by your offer to compromise? I do not say they
will not; but, without retracing their steps before
| the world, without gainsaying much they have
said, without relinquishing much that they have
claimed, without abandoning much that they have
demanded, without retracing their steps before the
: world, and doing what a proud nation does with
| great reluctance, 1 cannot see how the difficulty is
• to be avoided. That Is all.
