1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
437
However we may differ as to the line of bound-
ary, whether it should be at the 49th or 54th de-
gree—and £ have not heard an American say tliat
we should give her south of 49°—you do not even
find that that is acknowledged by Great Britain as
a just and proper boundary. I have yet to hear
the first American say that he will yield to Great
Britain a foot south of that line. And now, in the
first place, suppose you send this notice to England
with the offer to compromise so as to effect an ad-
justment between the two countries, the offer for
all practical purposes might as well come from the
Common Council of the city of Washington. It
does not indicate what the course of the Govern-
ment is to be; it is a mere declaration of our opin-
ion that negotiation and compromise should take
place.
A good deal has been said with respect to the
language employed by Mr. Buchanan. I take it
myself that there is a good deal in diplomatic cor-
respondence in the termination of a letter, and 1
take for granted that when Mr, Buchanan says
that he hopes negotiation and compromise will take
place, thai he does hope so. So docs the dueen,
in the language of her spcech to Parliament, which
means much or nothing. But who adduces any-
thing from that ? And I must say that the language
of Sir Robert Peel is dignified and statesmanlike.
He says Mr. Pakenham should have transmitted
the proposition to his Government, so tlwt it might
lead to something else. W ell, in the name of com-
mon sense, why does it not lead to something else
now, if Sir Robert Peel is as.sincere in this matter
as he professes to be? The declaration is made in
a high place. If that declaration is made with the
sincerity of a man of honor, he has but one com we
to take; and that is, to recall Mr. Pakenham,
though I have no doubt that he was faithful to his
duty.
I know a case where a representative of this
Government in a foreign country, because he siood
up for the rights of his country, was hooted at by
England. Let us not pursue that, course. But
Sir Robert Peel should further say, Mr. Paken-
ham, you must return home; you have undertaken
to determine a point which your Government alone
ought to determine, and therefore it is butter for
your country that you return.
Mr. President, for myself, I repeat again, the
moment 1 read the President's Message containing
four propositions relating to this matter, I foresaw
difficulties; I foresaw where the matter would be
at this time, and we must now comc to the test al-
luded to by the Senator from Illinois, and deter-
mine what shall be our ultimate course.
Now I do not undertake to say what offer Great
Britain will make, or what tins country will ac-
cept. I neither know nor ask what proposition
there will be, or whether there will be any; but 1
say for myself, as the fifty-fourth part of this body,
that England must make a more liberal offer, or 1
am afraid that greater difficulty will ensue.
Mr. BREESE suggested the propriety of defer-
ring the further discussion of the question; and
thereupon,
On motion, it was ordered that when the Senate
adjourn, it adjourn to meet on Monday next-
Mr. BREESE moved that the Senate do now
adjourn; on which motion the yeas and nays were
demanded, when there appeared for the motion
28, against it 24, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Ath-
erton, Bagby, Benton, Breese, Bright, Cameron,
Cass, Colquitt, Crittenden, Dickinson, Dix, Fair-
field, Hannegan, Haywood, Jarnagin, Lewis,
Morehead, Niles,^Pearce, Scmple, Sevier, Sim-
mons, Sturgeon, Turney, arid Woodbridge—2d.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Cal-
houn, Chalmers, T. Clayton, J. M. Clayton, Cor-
win, Davis, Evans, Greene, Huntington, John-
son of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Mo
Duffie,' Mangum, Miller, Pennybacker* Phelps,
Speight, Upham, Webster, Westcott, and Yulee—
24.
And then the Senate adjourned until Monday
next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 26, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part, and
(its further reading having been dispensed with)
was approved.
Mr. BOWLIN asked leave to make a motion,
(but its purport was not heard by the reporter,)
and it was objected to.
Mr. RATHBUN moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, but withdrew the motion at the request
of Mr. Dobbin*.
Mr. PAYNE rose and asked leave to make a
personal explanation. Leave being granted,
Mr. P. proceeded, amid some interruptions on
points of order, to allude to the inquiry put by him
yesterday in the discussion upon the river and har-
bor bill, to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Brink-
eriioff,] upon which side of Mason and Dix-
on's line the fortification bill proposed the larger
amount of appropriations, and to the gentleman's
reply, upon the south side much the larger. By
examining into the fortification bill which had
passed this session, it was found that, including the
coast of Maryland from its northern boundary, the
amount appropriated to the South did exceed that
for the North by 31,000. It should be borne in
mind, however, that this southern coast thus pio-
vided for extended from the northern boundary of
Maryland to the mouth of the Rio del Norte, and
also running up the Mississippi, the lied, and the
Arkansas rivers; and taking the whole extent of
all this line of coasts and rivers, the line from the
northern boundary of Maryland to the mouth of
the Columbia river—provided you keep upon our
existing boundary—would not exceed it in dis-
tance. Notwithstanding this immense extent of
coast and river, the appropriations lor that section
of the Union only exceeded those of the northern
section (running amund a very small distance) by
$131,000. These was then two dollars appropri-
ated to the North to one dollar to the South, in
proportion to the respective distances to be fortified
m the two sections of the country.
But Like the two bills together—the fortification
bill and the haibor and river bill—they found that
the northern suction of (he Union received the
larger amount by neatly *vl00,000.
I lis statement, then, was absolutely true. These
bills were sectional, and the larger amount, of ap-
propriations—much the larger—wns appropiiafd
upon that small area of northern coast not equal-
ling by one holt' the extent of coast, together with
the line-i of improvement contemplated for the
South in these appropriations.
Mr. BRIN KKllIIOl'M'' (leave being granted for
reply) said certainly he had no disposition to place
the gentleman m a false position; nor did he now
perceive when m he had done so. The gentleman
did not take issue with him upon any matter of
fact mentioned by lum; he did not only not con-
tradict, but he admitted the fact, that in the fortifi-
cation bill considerably the. larger amount was ap-
propriated to the southern country fiom Maryland
down.
But the gonilcman said that the const from the
northern boundary of Maryland around to the Rio
Grande, was more extended than the seaeoast from
the northern boundary of Maryland northeasterly,
to Nova Scotia or New Brunswick. Hut the gen-
tleman must, remember thai this did not include
the whole northern frontier. The coast from the
northern boundary of Maryland to the Rio (<rande
did include the whole southern frontier. But the
gentleman must remember after we got to New
Brunswick, we hail another frontier extending
along between the United States and Canada away
to Lake Superior—the country on the other side
of which frontier was occupied by a foreign Power.
And if that northern frontier was included with the
northeast coast, and the distance of both compar-
ed with the distance Horn the not them boundary
of Maryland to the Rio Grande, we found that the
former was much greater than the latter. And
hence, if mere distance was to be the criterion, the
appropriations tor the northern section of the coun-
try should he the larger.
Here the conversation dropped.
Mr. DOBBIN rose, and gave notice that he
would, to-morrow, move to take up the report from
the Committee of Elections in the case of the con-
tested election from New Jersey.
Mr. VINTON rose and said that, in pursuance
of the notice he had given, he would now offer an
amendment to the rule yesterday adopted in rela-
tion to taking the yeas and nays on any bill ma-
king appropriations for works of internal improve-
ment, so as to provide for its application to all bills
making appropriations for light-houses and fortifi-
cations, and to bills imposing duties on imports.
The SPEAKER- No such notice of motion has
been entered by the Clerk,
Mr. VINTON. Will it be in order to give that
notice now ?
The SPEAKER was understood to say he pre-
sumed there would be no objection.
Mr. VINTON accordingly gave the notice;
And it was ordered to be entered on the Journal.
Mr, McCONNELL asked leave to introduce a
resolution providing that no member should be al-
lowed to speak for more than ten minutes on any
private bill,
Mr. BRINKERHOFF objected.
The notice is entered on the Journal.
The SPEAKER hud before the House sundry
communications;
I. A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in obedicnce to the resolution of the House
of the 10th instant, reports numbered fiom 1 to 8,
inclusive, as to whether any officer of the army or
navy, or any person or persons connected there-
with, who arc or have been receiving a salary or
wages as such officer or poison, are employed in
any office, clerkship, or occupation m or about, or
connected with the War Department, &c.; winch
letter and reports were laid upon the table,
II. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in obedience to a resolution of the House
of the 21st instant, a report relative to the removal
of the Miami Indians, m Indiana, the amount of
money paid upon the contract for their removal, to
whom paid; also, whether said Indians have been
removed, and, if not, the cause why, &c.; which
letter and report were laid upon the table.
IU. A. letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
statins:, in obedience to the resolution of the House of
the Kith instant, the names of the officers employed
in his department, and that they receive only the
pay allowed them by law, and appropriated by
Congress, as their compensation as bureau officers;
which letter was laid upon the table.
HARBOllS AND RIVERS.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
into Committee, of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Thomas Smith, of Indiana, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the improvement of cer-
tain harbors and rivers.
Mr. McCLELLAND was entitled to the floor,
and addressed the committee during the allotted
hour in support of the provisions of the bill, and
in vindication of the course of the Committee on
Commerce.
After replying to the remarks made yesterday
by Mr. Payne, Mr. McC. proceeded to make
some statistical statements in relation to the vast
increase of the growth of the commerce on the
lakes, with a view of showing the necessity and
importance of the appropriations contained in this
bill. To one only of all of them he expressed him-
self opposed, namely, to the item which provided
fot the pui chase of the stock of the Louisville and
Poi tland canal. With one or two exceptions only,
there was not a single appropriation" in the bill
which had not been recommended by the War De-
panment and the Engineer Department; and he
knew not where we were to look for information as
to the expediency and propriety of such appropri-
ations, if not to that department which had the le-
gitimate control of the subject. The items pro-
vided for had been fully examined and reflected
upon by the present head of the department, and
he had repot ted that the appropriations were abso-
lutely requisite for the commerce, not less than
those for the defence, of the lakes.
Mr. McC. then passed on to an examination of
the constitutional objections taken to the passage of
the bill. The same constitutional scruples which
were urged now had been urged in the year 1844;
and yet a large majority of this House said, in
tones not to be misunderstood, that they could not
be sustained; that if they were to prevail, the Gov-
ernment could not be carried on for a single day;
and that if we adopted the straight-laced machine,
m which it was desired to encase the members of
this House, we would not be able to go one step
from the Capitol without violating some constitu-
tional provision. He contended that if there was
no power under the Constitution to construct lake
harbors, neither was there any to build light-houses
or fortifications, or to do any of these indispensable
acts, which were every day done on the ground of
