438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
their being necessary to the military defences of
the country.
[This speech will be given in the Appendix.]
Mr. RHETT said he had no doubt but the ar-
guments of the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
McClelland] were the arguments on which this
House would act, and that this bill would pass as
the bill of the last session had passed, which the
gentleman said was the prototype of this. And
he thought that there went along with this bill the
great principle of the Republican party, to be buried
not by its ancient enemies, the Federalists, but by
those who profess to be its friends. And, as a
mourner, he wished to say a lew words to show
that it existed not without illustrious paternity,
and that, after years of valiant fighting, it fell not
by the wounds of its enemies, but by the hands of
its friends.
He proceeded to say that he objected not to any
of the items of the bill; but Ins position was. that
it overrode the Constitution of the United States.
The Constitution of the United States was not
merely worth all the improvements this bill con- ,
tained, but all you could accumulate from this j
time forth to endless generations. He stood up to !
fight for the Constitution of the United States—for j
the great principle of the Republican party, begin-
ning in the convention which framed the Constitu-
tion of the United States, descending through sub-
sequent time, and signalized by the last veto of the
very last President of the United States.
Mr. R. premising (bv way of clearing away the
mists which had been tlirown around this subject)
that these western waters stood in no respect dif-
ferent from the other waters of the Union, and re-
ferring to decisions of the Supreme Court, express-
ly declaring this doctrine, entered at length into a
constitutional argument in defence of the position
which he took, that western rivers and harbors, and
all rivers and harbors, were unconstitutional objects ■'
of appiopriation by the General Government. Tins ,
he maintained was the true and ancient republican ;
principle.
The Democratic party of the West and North-
west, he said, might, go for internal improvements
with the Whigs, and be Federalists that far; the
Democratic party of the North might go with the
Whigs in favor of a high tariff for protection, and
be Federalists that far. For his part, occupying
the true republican ground, he stood with the Con-
stitution of the United States, and when that was
buried under the weight of this system, it would
be glory enough that he, and those who remained
with him, were entombed with it.
He contended that the railroads of the country
might with equal and greater propriety be taken
under the fostering care ofthe Government. They
were equally within the pale of the Constitution,
and infinitely more efficient as a means of military
defence and intercommunication.
This system would necessarily bring with it the
heaviest taxation upon the people, and with it an-
nihilation and scorn to the Democratic party.
Mr. HUDSON next obtained the floor. Refer-
ring to the report of the chairman of the committee
yesterday when the. committee rose, that the Com-
mittee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union had
" had the state of the Union generally under con
sideration," &c., (which he considered a true re-
port,) he said he should take the liberty of select-
ing for himself out of the variety of subjects which
were opened in this wide field, the particular one
to which he wished to address a few remarks, viz:
the commerce of the country.
He was in favor of the bill under consideration,
because it went to protect the commerce of the
country. And devoting but a few words to the
bill, he proceeded to speak of the subject which he
had selected in a more general manner as con-
nected with the intimations which he had had with-
in a few weeks past, that it is the design of Great
Britain to open her ports to our breadstuff's, enter-
ing largely into the value of the English market for
our agricultural productions, (in case it were thus
opened,) which he considered far less than it was
generally computed at—and branching out into the
general subject of the tariff, and of our commercial
relations with Great Britain.
Mr. LEAKE raised the question of irrelevancy,
and objected to the gentleman's attempt to steal a
march upon the anti-tariff party on a bill appro-
priating for rivers and harbors. !
The CHA.IRMAN pro tem. (Mr. Sawyer) over- j
ruled the point of order, sustaining himself by ref- I
erence to the general practice of allowing an almost
unlimited debate in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. HUDSON resumed, and had proceeded but
a little further in his general course of remark on
the subject of the tariff, when
Mr. HOPKINS renewed the point of order
against the gentleman's proceeding, on the ground
of irrelevancy.
After a little conversation on the point of order,
The CHAIRMAN (Mr. Smith) again overruled
the point of order, declining to mark out lines for
the restriction of the gentleman under the general
precedent, and especially after the wide range the
debate had already taken.
Mr. HOPKINS appealed from the decision of
the Chair,
The question was taken, " Shall the decision of
the Choir stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee r' anu the vote stood, ayes CO, noes 14; no quo-
rum voting.
The committee rose, and reported that fact to
thp Honsf1.
Mr. HUNGER FORD moved a call of the House.
Mr. SCHENCIv moved an adjournment of the
House.
Which motion prevailing,
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 27, 3846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER said the first business in order
would he the call of committees for reports.
Mr. CRANSTON, by leave, presented a peti-
tion of ship-owners of Warren and Barrin«;ton, in
the State of Rhode Island, praying that said towns
maybe formed into and constituted a separate col-
lection district, by the name of Warren district.
The petition was icferrcd to Committee on Com-
merce.
On motion of Mr. EDWIN H. EWING, the
House proceeded to the consideration of the mo-
tion made by Mr. Rathbun, on Tuesday last, to
lecon^idci the \otc by which the petition of Wil-
liam Harris, Mason Vanoy, and others, was laid
upon the table-, when
The said vote was reconsidered, and the said pe-
titions were committed to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. CHIPMAN moved that the House proceed
to the consideration of the report of the Committee
of Elections, m the case of contested election from
New Jersey.
Mr. HAMLIN suggested the postponement of
the consideration of that case until Monday, that
the House might proceed with the regular business
of the day, which was the consideration of the
piivcne calendar.
The SPEAKER said it was competent for the
House to decide whether it would take up the re-
port or not.
Mr. DOBBIN said,that he had had the honor of
making the repoH expressing; the opinion of the
majority of the Committee of Elections. lie had
consulted with some members of the committee
who were indifferent on the subject; and so far as
he was conccrned, he would be guided by the
sense of the House. He was willing either that
the report should be taken up to-day, or that it
should be postponed until Monday. If the House
preferred that it should be taken up to-day, he was
willing.
The question was then taken, and 25 members
only voting in the affirmative, the House refused
to take up the subject this day.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole, for the pur-
pose of taking up the private calendar, and that the
committee be instructed to take up such bills only
as would not give rise to debate.
The SPEAKER said that by one of the stand-
ing rules of the House no private bill which gave
ri*e to debate could be considered to-day—this be-
ing the fourth Friday of the month.
Mr. DANIEL asked Mr. Dam<? to withdraw
his motion to enable him [Mr. Daniel] to make a
report.
Mr. THOMAS B. KING was understood to
express the hope that the committees would be call-
ed for reports.
Mr. HOPKINS expressed the same hope.
Mr, DAVIS insisting on his motion.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Whereupon, the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole, (Mr. D. P. Kins, of Mas-
sachusetts, in the chair,) and proceeded to the con-
sideration of the private calendar, under the restric-
tions contained in the following rule:
" On the first and fourth Fridays of each month,
< the calendar of private bills shall be called over,
4 and the bills to the passage of which no objection
* shall then be made, shall be first considered and
* disposed of."
The committee considered a number of bills, and
laid aside others to which objection was made.
The committee then rose and reported the said
bills to the House.
Mr. HAMLIN moved that the House a^ain go
into committee on the private calendar, which mo-
tion was rejected.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the Or-
egon bill; which motion was rejected.
Mr. G. W. JONES (leave having been denied)
moved a suspension of the rules, to enable him to
give notice of a motion to repeal the 30th rule
(above given.)
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the rules*
were not suspended.
The bills of the following titles, which had been
reported t,o the House, were then ordered to a
third reading now, and were read a third time, and
passed:
A bill for the relief of Charles Benns.
A bill for the relief of James Mains.
A bill for the relief of James Wyman.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Watson.
A bill for the relief of Arthur R. Frogge.
A bill for the relief of Joseph M. Rea.
A bill for the relief of Samuel D. Walker, of
Baltimore.
A bill for the relief Smith, Thurgar, &. Co.
A bill for the relief John G. Pierrie.
A bill for the relief of John E. Holland.
A bill for the relief of Daniel Ingalls.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of William
Evans.
An act for the relief of William Elliott, jr., of
Fulton county, Illinois.
A bill authorizing the payment of certain claims
of the State of Alabama.
A bill for the relief of Adam McCulloch.
The SPEAKER, by consent, laid before the
House the following executive communications:
I. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in obedience to the resolution of the
House of tne 17th instant, a report relative to the
claims for horses made by the Missouri volunteers
in the Florida war; which letter and report were
laid upon the table.
II. A letter from the Secretary ofthe Treasury,
in answer to a resolution of the House of the 21st
instant, stating what other legislation he deems
proper and nccessary, after the completion of the
marine hospital at Ocracoke, North Carolina, fully
to carry out the purposes of its establishment;
which letter was laid upon the table.
III. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in obedience to the resolution of the House ofthe
19th instant, transmitting a report showing the
reasons why the appropriation made by the act of
the 17th July, 1838, for a light-house either on Pea
or Boddy Island, North Carolina, has not been
applied to that object.
Mr. CLARKE offered the following resolution,
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the answer of the Secretary of
the Treasury and the accompanying documents re-
lating to the light-house on Boddy Island, North
Carolina, be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, with instructions to inquire into the propri-
ety of erecting a light-house on said island.
Mr. RATHBUN moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the bill for the relief of the heirs of
William Evans had been passed.
On motion of Mr. R., the consideration of the
motion was postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. TOOMBS moved that when the House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered, and,
being taken, were—yeas 70, nays 87.
So the motion was rejected.
