440
the congressional globe.
Feb. 28,
The report of the committee, accompanying the
bill, states "That, upon the commencement of the
4 war between Great Britain and the United States
4 in 1812, he (Orris Crosby) was in Upper Canada;
• that he was called upon to take up arms against
9 his country, which he refused to do; that on the
4 morning of the 7th of June, 1813, he was arrested
* by a sergeant's guard, and carried by them to Do-
4 ver, &c." This report gives no explanation why
the petitioner was m Upper Canada at the com-
mencement of the war, nor why he continued to
reside in the territory of Great Britain twelve
months after the declaration of -war? Was he
there as a permanent settler; and did he continue
there voluntarily after the war? These facts
should be most clearly explained. If such were
the facts of the case, then the principles of the law
of nations, founded on considerations of public
policy, would interpose objections upon us to the
granting of his pension, no matter what was his
treatment.
A declaration of war makes war not only be-
tween the Governments, but also between the indi-
vidual citizens and subjects of the respective belli-
gerents. Upon this principle ail intercourse and
contracts between the citizens and subjects respect-
ively, are illegal and void. If, then, the petitioner
remained in Canada voluntarily, after the declara-
tion of war, he was violating his duty to his coun-
try, by holding intercourse with her enemies: and
whatever injuries he may have received were the
result of his own wrong. He should have return-
ed home if he claimcd to be an American citizen,
promptly, after the declaration of war. Such would
certainly have been his conduct, if his residence
abroad, in Canada, had been temporary, for the
purpose of trade, and with the <ijmno rcvertendi.
Such was not his course.
If he was in Canada as a permanent settler, hav-
ing changed his allegiance and abandoned ins coun-
try, (and his continued residence there after the war
commenced raises this presumption,) he surely is
entitled to no protection from our Government.
The principle and practice of our Government re-
cognise the doctrine of expatriation. We have re-
jected the doctrine of allegiance, when natural, be-
ing perpetual. He might have been a British
subject, though a native of the United States. If
a citizen will abandon his country and violate his
duties, the Government is under no obligation to
protect him; and if not under the protection of the
Government, he cannot, under any circumstances,
bring the Government under an implied duty to
pension him.
The House will remember that during the late
disturbances in Canada, those American citizens
who, m violation of their duties of neutrality, or as
citizens of a friendly Power, imprudently passed
into Canada, and took part with the patriots, were
abandoned to their fate. They had violated their
duty; and Mr. Van Buren, speaking for his Gov-
ernment, exculpated it from blame by disclaiming
the acts of such citizens, and leaving them to the
undisputed dominion of Great Britain. Some of
them, I believe, were executed. Some certainly
were transported.
Believing that these great principles were in-
volved in the bill, and if, under the statement, of
facts upon which we are called upon to act, it should
be passed, I could not see how we could free our-
selves from the charge of overriding these princi-
ples. With this belief, I could not assent that the
bill should he passed without question. It was
not a personal or captious consideration, therefore,
which elicited my objection yesterday.
I will not trespass longer upon the kindness of
the House. This brief reference to the principles
upon which my objection rested will be sufficient
for my present purpose; at another time, I may
more appropriately enlarge upon the operation and
application of these principles.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he had a personal
explanation to make in answer to the gentleman
from South Carolina. When the private-bill cal-
endar was being read over under the rule of the
House making no bill debatable on that day, he
saw several members objecting to bills reported
unanimously from committees in favor of pension-
ing the war-worn veterans of the Revolution, and
the wounded and disabled soldiers of the last war,
whose cases were not covered by our present very
restrictive and parsimonious pension-laws, and
which bills he was confident they knew nothing
about. By-and-by, the case of Orris Crosby was
called. He thought if the report was only read,
that case, above all others, would have no objec-
tion. The report was read, and this poor soldier
met the fate of the others. He believed this the
most deserving case that was ever brought before
the American Congress; and if this could not be
heard, none could; and he would not allow this
system of mockery in legislation to be carried on
any longer. So he gave notice that he should ob-
ject to every other bill that came up, and advised
the committee to rise; and he had rather the com-
mittee would rise than place lnm in the embarrass-
ing position of objecting to bills that he knew
nothing about. But he was satisfied that the old
soldiers were to have injustice done them, and if
they c.ould not be heard, he was determined that
no one should. He was glad the remarks of the
gentleman from South Carolina had given him an
opportunity of explaining his course yesterday.
He was afraid that some one (not here, but who
might read the report at a distance) might construe
him as one of the gentlemen on this floor whoexhibit
their retrenchment notions upon bills for the bene-
fit of those who did something more than we do,
who show our patriotism by mere talk, and do our
fighting here amid all the luxuries of the age at $8
per day—of those who left their homes, their fam-
ilies, their all, and periled their lives for their
country's liberty and honor, and come here all cov-
ered with scars, as proof positive of their courage,
their sacrifices, and sufferings. He never did vote
against a soldier who made out even a prima facie
case, and he never would. His blood ran too
warm in his veins at the bare mention of the
• pricc which these patriots of two wars paid for
I our piv^ent liberties and blessings to have him
ever placed in that category; nor would he ever
be very strenuous about the proof. He saw scar-
red veterans limping about the Capitol. He knew
they were in the war and in battle. The histo-
ry of his country had enrolled them there. He
knew they were poor, and needed the bounty of
Government. This was enough for him to know.
God forbid that he should apply all the technical-
ities of the law, all the nice and distinctive rules of
evidence, to a decrepit soldier, who had forgotten,
in the fervor of his patriotism, everything but the
honor of his country, and had rushed amid every
privation to its rescue. He remembered the case
of one of the bravest men living, who was the only
surviving member of a certain " forlorn hope," so
called, that was despatched upon one of the most
desperate errands ever planned by man. In dis-
charge of his duty he lost his right aim, and one
of lus knees was stiffened for life. He applied for
a pension. He proved that lie was in the war, and
was there wounded. But this was not enough;
and I was present when he was told that further
proof was necessary—he must prove that he re-
ceived his wound in the actual discbarge of his
duty. Then, sir, 1 saw the most sublime and af-
fecting spectacle of my life. 1 saw him, who had
been the bravest of the brave—who had stood un-
moved amid the dead and dying—who had faced
the ball and the bayonet with clwek unblanched—
burst into tears and cry like a child. Says he, " I
cry not over my own sufferings, but my country's
ingratiiude. It is the cruellest of tortures for me
to think that my country, whose call I obeyed, for
whose honor I fought, lost my knee and gave up
my right arm, now doubts my honor, my integ-
rity, my veracity. She wants proof that I did not
stiffen my own knee, and cut off my own arm, to
get a pension. She wants proof! Great God of
Heaven, by whom am I to prove it, when I alone
of all the company survived the contest, and I was
saved onlv half a man, except in this heart of
mine, that is still big with patriotism, and bleeds
over national ingratitude." This man is still un-
pensioned for want of proof! This case, had it
been called yesterday, would have been objected
to by those whose notions of retrenchment and re-
gard" for precedents work such gross injustice in
this Hall. There is a case now before the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions—that of Captain Silas
Chatfield—where the rigid scrutiny into the proof
of eveiy soldier's claim exacted by this House is
working the grossest injustice. He served through
the last war. Everybody knows this. He fought
like a tiger, with perfect desperation, at the sortie
on Port Erie; and when the American General (P.
B. Porter) was the same as captured by the British,
he braved an overwhelmingly superior force, and,
looking death in the face, he discomfited despair
itself, and rescued his GpeneraL History as-
sures us of this. Though seriously wounded,
he was not disabled in this engagement; but in
removing the wounded subsequently, he was dis-
abled for life. This, too, is proven. Bat, sir,
it is decided that he can have no pension until
he proves that he was wounded in tne'actaal dis-
charge of his duty. Such severity to these gallant
spirits—the like of which I see indications every
day we never shall see again—I call carrying cru-
elty to the last extremity, besides exhibiting the
blackest ingratitude, for which I fear an avenging
Providence may some day, in His infinite" justice,
severely punish us.
Now, (said Mr. W.,) I come to the case in
point, where it is beyond the power of human dic-
tion to add a single iota to the thrilling eloquence
of the facts, and where justice to the most signal
instance of unparalleled intrepidity overrides all
precedents founded upon international law and all
the technicalities of congressional enactments as
triumphantly as the pale horse of death overrides
the future calculations of man. In 1813, there
was in the London district, Upper Canada, scarce
of age, a young American meaical student, study-
ing with his uncle who was practising in Canada.
The lad was poor, and his uncle in charity was
educating him. Though in Canada, he forgot not
his country, and wanted all who could not help
her directly to keep quiet. General Hull had in-
vaded Canada, and told the people to remain at
their homes—to raise not their hands against their
American brethren. In the name of his country,
and by the authority of his Government, he prom-
ised to protect their persons, property, and rights.
This proclamation the young man diligently cir-
culated. Finally, he was arrested for sedition,
ironed, and imprisoned at Ryerson's creek.
Thence he was put on board Commodore Bar-
clay's fleet. In the engagement with Commodore
Perry, just before action commenced, in order to
tram him for a fight against his country, he was
ordered to chcer with the British soldiers, or be
shot. But he refused. After the fight commenced,
a lieutenant sent for him several times and ordered
him to fight. But he as often refused. Finally,
the lieutenant shot at him, and hit him in his right
breast. As he lay almost suffocated with blood,
the lieutenant told him that he should fire again
unless he consented to fight. The student sighed,
" Fire away. Death before dishonor." As the
lieutenant was raising the pistol for a second fire,
as a just Providence would have it, a ball from
Perry's fleetlaunched him into eternity. He was
recaptured by Commodore Perry, and set at lib-
erty by General Harrison. But disabled as he
was by this shot in his breast, he served through
the war, and received an honorable discharge as a
surgeon's mate. When the committee made the
report they could not find this discharge. It has
since been found, and he ought now to have $22 50
per month, instead of $8. The name of this gal-
lant man, who told the dead coward to murder,
but not to dishonor him, is Orris Crosby. He
has had too much pride to ask his Government for
a pension, until reduced not only to entire bodily
disability, but to extreme poverty. Shall we with-
hold the pitiable sum our pension laws grant to
cases of this kind? After this rehearsal of his
wrongs, the proof of which is positive and on your
table, sir, who will, who can say, "I object."
Who will say that a more meritorious case has
ever been presented to Congress ?
Aside from strict justice, sir, I am for pensioning
all the old soldiers, to encourage the growth of valor
and patriotism in these cautious, calculating,selfish,
mercenary days. Encascd by their scarred, shat-
tered, and decrepit bodies, are souls more sensitive
! to the honor of their country than belong to the
mass of men who do much to mould the public
sentiment of the times. And worn-out, and feeble,
and poor as this humble applicant for the meagre
pittance doled out by our begrudging pension law-
is, I sincerely believe he would turn out himself
and fight before he would consent to the surrender
of an inch of American soil. Ay, sir, did our
country require it, I believe he would do what his
feeble frame could endure to hoist the American
stripes and stars upon the plains of Abraham, and
enfranchise that people, for spreading liberal senti-
ments among whom he was arrested on charge of
sedition. The events of every day's^ occurrence
speak to us in a warning voice to pension the poor
and disabled brave, as we once had them, and now
