1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
Also,.an act for the relief of John E. Holland;
which was read a first and second time, and refer-
red to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, an act for the relief of .Tames Mains; which
■was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Also, acts for the relief of James Wyman,
Joseph Watson, Arthur R. Frogge, Joseph M.
Rhea, of Fentress county, Tennessee, and Daniel
Ingalls; which were severally read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the Speaker of
said House had signed an enrolled resolution of
the Senate, to which the signature of the Vice
President was asked.]
OREGON " THE NOTICE."
The Senate then proceeded, as in committee of
the whole, to the consideration of the special order
of the day—the joint resolution of notice, abroga-
ting the convention of 1827, and the amendments
thereto.
Mr. BREESE proceeded to address the Senate.
He said: It cannot be expected that, on a subject
which has been so elaborately discussed here and
elsewhere, and by the public press, any individual
can be enabled to offer much that is new or striking.
This question, it is well known, has excited the
greatest interest in the public mind. Probably no
question ever started and discussed before the
American people has excited so much attention.
The interest which it has awakened has pervaded
all classes and every quarter of the Union. At the
present moment the eyes of Ihe American people
are anxiously directed to the Senate of the United
States. The Executive Magistrate has done^ his
duty in regard to this momentous subject. The
House of Representatives have done their duty.
It now only remains for the Senate to perform its
duty. I cannot undertake to point out the differ-
ence between the various propositions before this
body. X cannot contrast and compare them. It
will be sufficient for me to show the reason why I
am in favor of the notice to terminate those several
conventions of 1818 and 1827, without considering
the relative merits of the various propositions befoi e
the Senate. I did not know, till this moment, that
the resolutions of the General Assembly of the State
of Illinois were received, or that such resolutions
were adopted at their last meeting, I knew that,
two years ago, similar resolutions had been adopt-
ed; and two years ago I had occasion, in the Senate,
to respond to them, and to express my views
somewhat at length in regard to the question, and
the obligation of the Congress of the United States
to carry out the wishes of that Suite, together with
those of other States who had expressed then-
views in similar language. But these resolutions
have strengthened mo in the position which I have
taken, and I hope that my conduct oil this occa-
sion, as well as the course which I have heretofore
taken, will be acceptable to the people of the State
of Illinois. I believe there is but one opinion in
that region in relation to the subject, and I do not
think that any parly, or any respectable portion of
any party, is opposed to immediate action on the
part, of this Government in relation to this great
question. They arc not for " wise and masterly
inactivity." But they are for action, and imme-
diate action; and I will endeavor to give some of
the reasons why they are so.
I do not propose, in the view I shall take ol this
subject, to go at length into a discussion of the title
of the United States to Oregon. It may be said,
that, so far as this question of title is concerned,
we have now nothing to do with it, but at the same
time to discuss that question, and also the question
of the. notice. I believe that that was the course
adopted two years ago, in the discussion to which
I have referred. The title was then discussed by
every speaker; and, what is worthy of note, not a
single individual was then found expressing a
doubt with regard to the American title. Now,
after a period of two years, and after the subject
has been more fully and deliberately discussed,
we do hear occasionally some doubts expressed
with regard to the title of the United States to this
territory. , , . .
Two years ago objections were entertained
against giving the notice at that time, for the reason
that we had invited a renewal of negotiations, and
that a special minister had been sent here by Great
Britain for the express purpose of taking part in
the negotiations, and that it would be discourteous
to attempt any such measure in that state of af-
fairs. It was asserted by several of the Senators
who took part in that discussion, in opposition to
the notice, that the result of that measure, in the
condition of things at that time, would be inevita-
ble war. At this session we have heard—not from
any individual who has spoken on the other side of
the chamber—that giving the notice would be con-
sidered as a cause of war by Great Britain, and
would be followed by war. On the contrary, the
only gentleman on the opposite side of the cham-
ber who has spoken, thinks that we have a right
to give this notice as preservative of peace; that it
is a measure tending to peace, and probably con-
stitutes the only means of preserving peace. At
the same time f think I am justified in saying, that
some doubts have been thrown out as to the title
of the United Slates to the whole of this territory.
I do not propose, as I said before, to go at length
into that; it would be superfluous, after what has
been said by the two Senators from New York.
They have made that plain; and my great object,
in presenting myself to the consideration of the
Senate on this question, is merely for the purpose
of showing notexactly our title to the country, but
with the view of presenting some principles which
Great Britain herself has established on this conti-
nent applicable to her claims to this territory. I
do not stand here, as I have been represented in
the newspapers, as having pledged myself to de-
monstrate that we had a perfect title. No such
tiling. I would not undertake nnv such thins.
However strong iriy faith in the validity of our
title, I would not undertake to demonstrate to the
satisfaction of others that that title was good and
perfect. What i said was this—that I thought t
should he enabled to show, from principles which
Great Britain had herself established, that our title
was <;lear and unquestionable, mill that it was not
for her at any rate to dispute It at nil. And I tiiink
that can he shown. I think tlmt by principles
which Great Britain herself established before the
revolutionary war-—before our independence—thnt
wo have a rerhf as against her to claim a title to
ihe whole of Oregon—the whole of the noi thwost.
coast. Now Great Britain, in virtue of her dis-
coveries upon the Atlantic coast m 1495, made
grants to different individuals, mid different colo-
nies, and amongst others to the colony of Virginia,
f wish to show the terms in which that grant was
made. I do not refer to it as a valid grant to the
extent, contemplated by these terms; but to show
that this act of Great Britain is sufficient to estop
her from setting up any claim to tliis territory. No
act of that Government, no mutter how antiquated,
is enough to answer as an estoppel to any such
claim. Here, then, is the grant made to Virginia
in 161)9:
" We do give, grant, and confirm unto the. said
' treasurer and company, ami their suoccssois, all
< those lands, countries, and territories situate,
' lying, and being in that part of America called
1 Virginia, from the point of land called Cape or
''Point Comfort, all along the seacoast to the
' northward, two hundred miles, ami from the said
1 point of Capo Comfort all along the sraconst to
' the southward, two hundred miles, unci all that.
' space and circuit of land lying from the seac.oast
1 of the prccinct aforesaid, up into the land, through-
' out from Ma to sea, vml ami northwest, and also all
' the islands lying within one hundred miles along
' the coast of both seas of the precinct aforesaid;
1 to have and to bold, possess and enjoy, all and
i singular, the said lands, countries, and territories!,
' with all and singular, other 'he premises by these
' presents granted, or mentioned to be granted to
' them, their successors, and assigns forever."
The first charter of 1606 extended along the sea-
coast from the .'14th to the 41st degree of north lat-
itude, but only fifty miles inland. The third, dated
in 1612, annexed to Virginia all the islands within
three hundred leagues of the coast,; and although
their charter of 1603, with the other two, were
vacated by quo v:arr/nU,o in 1624, yet a commission
issued for the government of the colony of Vir-
ginia, under the royal seal, without making any
alterations in the boundaries as established by the
charter of 1609-
Grants to Lord Baltimore and to William Penn
curtailed this colony on the north, but the western
limit was not restricted.
By running a line from a point " two hundred
miles from Cape Comfort," on the Atlantic coast,
in a northwest direction, it will be found to pass
to the east of the Lake of the Woods, and to strike
the Pacific coast near or at the 62d degree of north
latitude, and that this northwest line should run
from that point, and not from the point on the
coast two hundred miles south of Cape Comfort;
but that the west line should start from this south-
ern point is a manifest propriety, for in no other
way could the limits of the colony extend from sea
to sea; and by doing it, no violence is done to the
language, and the object of the grant carried out, and
the cardinal rule observed, so to construe instru-
ments, if possible, as that every part may stand.
This grant was made by the British King in vir-
tue of the discovery, under his auspices,' of the
American Atlantic coast one hundred and fourteen
years before. This charter is evidence that he
claimed not only the right of pre-emption of the na-
tive occupants of the soil, but absolute jurisdiction
and sovereignty over all the territory covered by it
from sea to sea, by an antiquated discovery, not
followed up, for more than a century, by any ef-
fort at settlement whatever, and by continuity of
territory, there being nothing to break that chain.
Pope Alexander VI. had, the year after the dis-
covery of America, granted this same country to
Ferdinand and Isabella, by his memorable bull
issued from St. Peter's, at Rome, in 1493, as God's
vicegerent on earth, to whom all kings were sub-
jpct.° The right of these two potentates to make
the grants will not be inquired into, as it is unne-
cessary to a true understanding of the question.
The fact of milking the grant is alone important in
this discussion.
Great Britain assumed to own by virtue of her
prior discovery not only ihe British settlements on
the coast and rivers, and the land immediately con-
tiguous to, Ol- drained by, the waters of the rivers
which flowed through her inhabited places, but she
insisted upon excluding France and all other na-
tions from colonizing any of the country west, of
the Alleghany range."to the Pacific, on the ground
alone tli.1t prior discovery and settlement of a small
part of the Atlantic coast gave to Great. Britain a
i iirht of sovereignty and soil by continuity and con-
tiguity fiom ocean to ocean.
Franco made an unsuccessful effort to resist, by
war, this British principle of international law.
The parent country called upon her American colo-
nies—now the United States of America—to join
the British forces and sustain this great principle
of her national policy; and after a long and deso-
lating war, ill which British and American blood
and treasure were freely expended, victory crowned
the arms of the confederates.
The treaty of pcace of the 10th of February,
17G3, made between Great Britain, Spain, and
France, ratified this British principle of interna-
tional law, by implication at least. By the 4th ar-
ticle of the treaty the King of France, as the ag-
gicssor and as unfortunate in the field, " renounces
' all pretensions which he hits heretofore formal, or
'might form, to ,V«ro Seotia or Jleadia in all Us
'parts, and guaranties (lie whole of it, and with
' its dependences, to the King of Great Britain;
• moreover, his most Christian Majesty cedes and
'guaranties to his said Britannic Majesty, in full
'rig/its, Canada, with all its dependences, as well
1 as the island of Cape Breton, and till the other
1 islands and coasts m the Gulf of the riverSt, Law-
' raioc, and in general, everything that depends on
' the said countries, lands, islands, and coasts, with
' the sovereignty, property, possession, and all rights
' acquired by treaty or otherwise."
France had commenced settlements at Acadia,
and in a dependency of Canada northeast of the
Ohio, and on the Ohio river; 'and, being beaten in
the field, renounced her right, and yielded all her
pretensions to do so. She was forced to acknowl-
edge the British doctrine, for the American conti-
nent, that prior remote discovery, and subsequent
partial settlement on the Atlantic, and a few of its
rivers, afforded a just and sufficient ground for ex-
tension by contiguity and continuity from that
coast to the Pacific.
The same rule of public law she had applied
long previously to the Butch in their colony of New
Netherlands, afterwards colony, now State, of New
York.
Great Britain claimed to have first discovered
the Hudson in 1608, by a Dutch navigator in theii-
service; and although the Dutch first settled it,
i prior to the settlement of the Pilgrims at Plymouth,
