1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
It is necessary for us only to be firm, prudent,
demanding, nothing but what is exactly right,
showing every disposition to do justice, and then
there is no danger of controversy with Great Brit-
tain . But if we adopt a timid policy—if we betray
a weak and vacillating purpose—if we manifest a
disposition to hesitate, we will bring on the very
calamity which we seem to avoid. Great Britain
understands this well. She knows our history.
She knows that we are firm and unyielding as any
nation can possibly be wHcn we are right, and our
history shows that we have never persisted in the
assertion of wrong. All that we have to do in
this case is, to maintain this firm, erect, and de-
cided position, and, my life for it, Great Britain
will not involve her country and this, in the calam-
ities of war on this subject of Oregon. I think so
for another reason. Great Britain is just now en-
gaged in trying a hazardous experiment. She is
changing the entire policy of her Government; and
the success of that bold and dangerous experiment
depends, in a great degree, upon the continuancc
of her amicable relations with this country. We
have been for years, and we now ore, her best cus-
tomer; and it is not to be presumed that she would
attempt such a change as that to which I allude,
with the prospect of a quarrel with her best cus-
tomer. TLhat would be fatal, suicidal policy. As
I said, I am quite willing to extend to the Hudson
Bay Company facilities in the way of navigation
for a limited number of years, in order to enable
them to close up their business. And depend
upon it, that this controversy will never be prose-
cuted to a war on the part of Great Britain, unless
we manifest some indecision.
I should be very sorry to see war; but I cannot,
'for my life, see wherein Great Britain can injure
us in any essential particular. So far as her com-
merce is concerned, she is not certainly less ex-
posed. We might lose some merchant ships and
vessels of war; but we could catry on a war, it ap-
pears to me, of ten years, with far greater advan-
tage than she. At the breaking out of the war of
1812, we were totally unprepared. Our popula-
tion was small, our internal commerce nothing.
Our population is now nearly three times as great;
and altogether we are placed in a much more fa-
vorable position than Great Britain to go to war
She is also far worse prepared to go to war, as far
as her great staples are conccrned. Why, Egypt
and India together could not supply cotton enough
to keep England going three months. A hundred
thousand bales is barely enough to enable her spin-
dles to run for six weeks; and unless she could get
a supply by some indirect mode, it is impossible
that Great Britain could sustain a war. It would
therefore, seem to me, that this great staj>lc exer-
cises such an influence over her population, and it
is so great an element of her commcrcc, as to offer
a bona and security that she will keep the peace.
It is her interest not to go to war, and she will
make great sacrifices to avoid it. When she sees
this country filling up by vast crowds from the
United States; that it is a contiguous country, the
only outlet for the great valley of the Mississippi;
that it affords acccss to our people to the markets
of Asia, and entirely detached from her colonies in
this quarter of the globe: it is making no great sac-
rifice after all to surrender it up to us, I cannot
see how Great Britain can go to war for anything
in this question, provided things are managed prop-
erly by this Government. I would do nothing cal-
culated to give offence; I would treat her with the
greatest respect, and give all the weight and con-
sideration to her pretensions and claims in this
country they are entitled to. We hear it used as
an argument against a war, that it would injure our
trade and derange our finances. If that is to be
used as an argument, the duty of going to war to
maintain national rights would in any case be ques-
tionable, no matter what our rights are, if the result
will injure us! Why, that reasoning puts an end to
the assertion of right at once. Why, sir, much as I
hate the paper-system, I would greatly prefer it to a
surrender of any of our rights to Oregon. There is
nothing that could grow out of war that I would
not endure in preference to the surrender of any
portion of this territory—none whatever; I cannot
conceive one, because, as far as we are concerned,
the national honor is involved. We have been
threatened, that if we do assert our rights, war will
inevitably follow; and over and over again have
we been reminded of the immense power of Great
Britain; and but a few days ago a member of this
body contrasted our naval force with that of Great
Britain; but the honorable Senator did not appear
to recollect that the number of vessels of war pos-
sessed by a nation is no criterion of its power.
England has many vessels—she has wooden walls
upon the seas—but has she the men to man them ?
I remember reading an article in one of the British
magazines, showing the condition of the British
navy; and in that article I read the fact, that Cap-
tain Lushington, one of the most meritorious and
popular officers in the British navy, had great dif-
ficulty, and had been unable up to that time, to
procure a crew for the steamship " Retribution,"
and it was with the greatest difficulty he could go
to sea. Well, in the face of this well-authenticated
fact, I would ask the Senator from Delaware, how
it is in the power of Great Britain to man one-half of
the vessels on her navy list, even by resorting—as
she certainly would resort—to the press-gang?
She could not man her vessels. But the Senator
from Delaware did not say a word at the time—
although he argued the subject very fairly—of the
capacity of this nation to arm herself; and from
the statement made, he left the inference very
strong that this nation was one of the weakest Pow-
ers on earth. But I think a few moments' consid-
eration-will serve to satisfy any member of the
Senate, that we have the capacity to send afloat in
one year a more powerful navy than Great Britain
ever possessed. It is true we have now but 76
vessels, and some of them small; but we have a
commercial marine unsurpassed by any in the
world. The greater number of our packet ships
sailing out of the ports of New York and Philadel-
phia are larger, and capable of carrying more guns,
than our first-class frigates in the last war; and
with a little addition to these vessels, which can be
accomplished m four or five weeks, we can set
afloat a more efficient navy than Great Britain ever
possessed. If you look over the navy list of Great
Britain, which was read here the other day, yon
will fmd that a large proportion of vessels there
specified are miserable old hulks, unfit for service.
It cannot be denied that we are capable of con-
structing vessels with more expedition than any
nation in the world; and if it comes to a war, in-
stead of finding us unprepared, wo should be found
the best prepared nation in the world, at this day,
for a war.
Mr. .T. M. CLAYTON desired to correct the
honorable Senator in one or two particulars. He
did not say that we were the weakest nation, nor
had he endeavored to place the stiength of Great
Britain in a striking light before the Senate. lie
had merely suited the relative naval power of this
country and England, in reply to the remarks of
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen.] He. had
said nothing to disparage our own naval force, but
he had thought it proper to correct some statements
of the gentleman from Ohio m regard to the naval
power of England. And he had done so from facts
then in his possession. Since he had made that
statement, he had seen a still later authority, dis-
closing more particular information as to the naval
power of Great Britain than he had been in pos-
session of at the time ho had the honor to address
the Senate. He stated at that time that England
had 671 ships, carrying an armament of 16,272
guns. By the latest official documents received by
the last steamer, I pcrccive, so much has she in-
creased her naval power within the last quarter,
that she has now 17,772 guns in her navy. This
is a great increase, and this has been cffcetcd in
the last quarter of the last year. The number of
her war steamers, according to the account we were
in possession of when he last addressed the Sen-
ate, was 98. He perceived by the documents late-
ly received that there wore now 321. He had also
! stated that her military marine amounted to 40,000,
and he did say, too, in reference to the commercial
marine, to which the Senator from Illinois had now
alluded, that ours was about equal, or perhaps a
little inferior to, that of England. But the recent
information showed that that estimate was some-
what erroneous, or at least that their commercial
marine had increased since the former statement.
The tonnage, foreign and coastwise, of the Uni-
ted Kingdom of Great Britain, at the close of the
year 1838, was 2,420,750 tons. The same state-
ment is made by McCulloch, title "British Em
pire," and by Baron Charles Dupin, in his (<Pa-
rallele des Trots Prineipales Marines de I'Univers.
A rare work, very recently published, and re-
ceived within a few days past attheTreasury, (Mc-
Gregor's Commercial Tariffs, &c.,) referred to and
relied upon in the Secretary's report this day,
brings down the information on the subject as late
as the 31st December, 1844, at which time it ap-
pears that the whole tonnage, foreign and coastwise,
of the United Kingdom, was 2,994,166 tons; which,
added to that of Guernsey, Jersey, and Man,
(50,226 tons,) makes the whole tonnage of all, by
the latest returns received within the last week at
the Tieasury, 3,044,392 tons.
The Secretary's report states the tonnage of the
United States on the 30th June, 1845, at 2,416,999
tons. This was the amount stated by Mr. C. in
his speech on the 12th ult. on the Oregon question.
He then estimated the tonnage of the United King-
dom, &c., at 2,420,739 tons, which was according
to the latest returns to be relied on at the time.
By the latest " List of the British Navy," it ap-
pears that there has been a very extraordinary
mciease of the naval power of England within the
last quarter of the year 1845. He (Mr. C.) stated
in the debate on the 12th ultimo, from the best in-
formation to be then had, the whole number of
guns in the British navy at 16,242. That state-
ment was founded on the then latest returns of the
British navy. The official list received by the last
steamer now shows the number of guns to be
17,772, exclusive of the armament of the sailing
packets. It is certain that the British navy has
greatly increased of late. Mr. C. stated, on the
same occasion, the number of English war steam-
ers, by the only official list then to be consulted on
this side of the water, at 98. The late intelligence
shows that this number has been increased within
the last quarter to 121 Mr. C. observed, in his
, speech on the 12th ultimo, in reply to Mr. Allen,
: that he had carefully avoided overrating* the British
I power. His estimates were conectly predicated
I on the very best information to be had at the time
1 he spoke, and he had lather undcirated theBiitish
| and slightly overrated our own naval power. He
stated the number of guns in our navy at 2,352;
the number is, I now learn, precisely 2,329. The
important result of this interesting inquiry into the
relative naval and commercial power of the two
countries is almost precisely the same as stated by
Mr. C. Great Britain appears, by the Secretary's
report, to have about 600 guns for every 100,000
tons of commerce; we have only 96; while France
! has 1,046; Holland 683; Sweden and Norway
! 394; Turkey 1,223; Denmark 703; Portugal 798;
! Austria 321; and Russia far more than any other
nation, in proportion to the amount of her com-
merce to be protected. We are behind all other
civilized nations in this respect. We have less
protection for the same amount of commercial
wealth than any other people, and we must double
our navy before we can stand on a respectable peace
establishment, if we are to measure our own by
the standard which regulates the other navies of
the world.
Mr. BREESE. The inference from the remarks
of the Senator in presenting this statement to the
Mew of the Senate and the country, is, I think,
irresistible—that, so far as our military marine is
concerned, we are one of the weakest Powers on
earth. Even the inferior Powers of Europe have,
it seems, a superior marine; and, therefore, accord-
ing to his argument, we ave among the weakest
nations of earth. As I said before, that is not the
point. The qestion js, what is the capacity of this
country to make adequate preparation for any
emergency? That is the question; and in that
point of view the power of Great Britain is far
inferior to that which we possess. She has not
the elements of power that are within our grasp.
We are the strongest power, so far as naval supe-
riority is concerned, on the face of the globe.
Look at one fact. In 1844, the whole steamboat
tonnage of Great Britain was 82,000, whilst on the
valley of the Mississippi alone we had in that
year 125,000 tons—or one-third more than the
whole United Kingdom. Look at the capacity of
Great Britain m comparison with that of the Uni-
ted States to prepare a military marine. There is t
no comparison! We have forests that she does
not possess. We have all the materials. We have
skill far exceeding hers She has never possessed
such vessels as those which sail across the Atlan-
tic from the port of New York. We have con-
; structed steam-vessels such as she has never yet
I approached in point of beauty, swiftness, and ca-
I pability. We can constiuct steam-vessels capable
i of running twenty-seven miles an hour—a speed
