448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
never attained by any British steamer, and which
never will be attained unless our models be adopt-
ed. In every particular—I have not time to go
into the details, nor is it necessary now—in every
Particular we have immense advantages over Great
iritam in the possession of the means of defence
and assault. To what do the preparations of
Great Britain, of which we have heard so much,
amount ? She is all the time engaged in such
preparations—examining her dockyards—cutting
down old vessels, converting them into razees, ana
so on. She is also engaged m fortifying exposed
points on her coast. All this active preparation,
to which the attention of Senators and of the coun-
try has been so much directed, was commenced
before the Oregon question had attained an im-
portant character—at least before it had become
such a prominent question between the two Gov-
ernments, so far as the President and the action
of his Administration is concerned. Long before
thr Inaugural Address reachcd England, Sir Robert
Peel, in presenting, on the 11th of February, 1845,
the annual budget of expenses, announced his in-
tention of increasing the navy. He stated, that
m the past year he had been under the necessity
of creating three additional naval stations—one on
the coast of Africa, another in China, and the third
in the Pacific ocean—and which demanded an ad-
ditional force of 4,000 men, and something like an
additional expenditure of a million pounds ster-
ling. He also recommended an increase in the
steam-navy. All this was before Oregon had be-
come a prominent topic. All this was determined
on as far back as February, 1845, and the reason
for all these preparations grew entirely out of the
publication made by the French admiral, the son
of the Iun£, the Prince de Joinville, and the pub-
lication of Thiers, showing that the project of Na-
poleon to invade England had not been a humbug,
but had been seriously intended, and would have
been carried into effect if accidental circumstances
had not interposed-, but that now, bteam had
placed ihe two Powers on an equality. At many
points the distancohctween the English and French
coasts is only from twenty-five to sixty miles.
"With that immense control of men which France
possesses, what is to prevent her—as the Prince
de Joinville correctly observes, and as the Duke of
Wellington, m his examination before the Com-
mittee on Shipwrecks of the House of Commons,
coniiimed—what is to prevent her from making a
descent upon England, and ra\ aging its coasts,
unless adequate fortifications, cither fixed or float-
ing, and sufficient military force, be opposed to
her so as to prevent a landing ? But by means of
steam, Prance could select any point of attack.
Wind and tide arc not to be waited for; and when
it is considered that France has, in addition to her
forces m Algiers—80,000 men—a standing army
of 350,000, besides nearly a million of militia, and
in all her cities troops of national guards, armed,
equipped, and drilled, it is very easy to suppose
that, in the present state of improvement in the
means of warfare and approach, Great Britain
should be alarmed. Tier insular position no longerr
protects her. She lias long been accustomed to
mug—
11 Britannia need? no bulwarks,
No towers aion? the steep;
Ih'i m.ueli is o'ei the mountain wave —
Hei homo h on the deep
| The proper authorities of the State of New Jer-
sey, by a certificate issued to John Runk, the sit-
ting member, declared him duly elected as the
Representative of the third congressional district
: of that State by a majority of sixteen votes.
! Mr. I. Gr. FARi.ee, the contestant, claims the
! seat because, lie alleges, the said majority was ob-
tained by receiving the votes of thirty-six individu-
als, students of the Theological Seminary at Prince-
ton, and of Jive who were students in the College
of New Jersey, at Princeton, all in-the third con-
■ gressional district; which votes, he alleges, were
unlawful, and ought to be rejected, because, al-
though the above-named students were living at
' Princeton for the time being, merely for the pur-
pose of obtaining their education, they were not
residents of the district, and could not legally vote
at the election. The contestant also alleges other
unlawful votes.
| The controversy rests on these two questions:
! First, were these students legal voters ?
i And, secondly, if not, for whom did they vote?
! The committee say that, under the' laws and con-
stitution of New Jersey, nineteen of the students
i were legally entitled to vote; and therefore recom-
mend the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That Isaac G. Forlee is not entitled to
I a seat m this House as a Representative from the
State of New Jersey.
i The minority of the committee (consisting of
1 Messrs. Chase, Chipmam, Hamlin, and Ells-
! -worth,) contend that, under the constitution and
1 lfKvs of New Jersey, these students were not enti-
tled to vote in the county; and that, therefore, Mr.
1 Farlee is elected by a majority of three votes; and
recommend the adoption' of the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That John Runk is not entitled to a seat
upon this floor.
Resolved, That Isaac G. Farlee, having received
tor again parading before the Senate this immense
power of Great Britain, he forgot to say, or at least
lie did not say, that the fleets of Great Britain were
wanted to protect those exposed posts throughout
the world; and that it would be almost impossible,
in the very nature of things, without leaving these
posts entirely unprotected, to collect a fleet at all
likely to endanger the safety of this country. With
the aid of our vast commercial marine—our whale-
ships—our packet-ships—we could in less than a
year command such a navy, that, instead of being
blockaded, as we have been told, we could block-
ade our enemy. I have not any sort of doubt about
it. So far as navai greatness is concerned, we are
destined, in the natural course of events, to become
superior to any nation on earth; and when emer-
gency requires it, we will always be able to pro-
vide an adequate naval defence. It is not our policy
to keep up a large na\al force: it will not, I trust,
ever be our policy. I am among the warmest and
best friends of the nary; and because I am so, I
shall always oppose its increase to any great ex-
tent, because that would be most likely to break it
down. Hut whenever the emergency arises, we
have capacity enough to make it more formidable
than that of any other power on the face of the
globe: let that be tried to-day, or at any time. I
am confident that if the emergency were to occur
to-morrow, the energy, the alacrity, the means of
the country would be displayed so as to astonish
oursehes. There would not be two parties; there
would be no " peace party;1' there would be no
exertions to prevent capitalists from loaning money
to the Government—nothing of the sort. All would
unite heart and hand in a'determination to effect
the object for which the war had been undertaken.
But we ore not going to declare war. That must
come from another quarter; and it it do, it will be
a war of agression. We never will, we cannot
be an aggressive Power. But when an assault is -
made tlie whole land will rise as one man, and ij a majority of the legal votes of the legally quaunett
Willi a mighty and united eflort will overwhelm the
aggressor. T have done.
Mr. DAYTON then moved that the Senate ad-
journ; which motion was put and earned, and
The Senate accordingly adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
JVIojjpAY, March 2, 184G.
The Journal of Saturday was read in part, and
(the further reading having been dispensed with)
was approved.
The SPEAKER (in answer to an inquiry by
Mi. Hami.iv) stated that the regular business of
the day would be the call of the States for lesolu-
tions.
Mr. McCONNELL, on leave given, made a per-
sonal explanation in relation to certain reports or
statements in the " New York Herald" and the
"Weekly Fountain."
ji NEW JERSEY CONTESTED ELECTION.
! ]yjr. POI1BIN, in pursuance of the notice he had
;! given on Friday last, and observing that itwnsde-
!i sired by both parties that this controversy should
j! be settled, moved that the House now proceed to
the consideiation of the report ot the Committee of
j1 Elections in the case of the contested election from
New Jersev. . .
Mr. WKNTWOB.TH rose to inquire whether
but it is do longer true. While boasting that she i
does nut need those "bulwarks"—those '' towers 1
along the steep"'—she is electing them every day
as fast as she can. 1 om sure she does not expect
ai invasion from this country, but from her old and
dangerous neighbor. What military power has she
to resist the vast number of troops which France
could bring into action? She has to oppose to the
immense power of France an army of 130,000 men,
of whom 80,000 are scattered abroad, 22,00U m
Ireland, and the remainder in England and Scot-
land, in forts and garrisons, or recruiting stations.
Well iu.iy she be alarmed m reference to her posi-
tion at this day'—not in reference to us, but to her
hereditary foe. It has been said that we would
sillier in our trade in event of a war—in the woids
of the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cm.-
iiocy.] the other d.iy. that our finances would he
broken down. Bow would it be with Great Brit-
am ' Her whole system would be broken down.
But I go no farther into that topic. I will for a mo-
ment revert to a remark of the Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. J. M. Clayton*,] in his explanation. Af-
voters of the third congressional district of New
Jersey, is entitled to his seat upon this floor.]
Mr. HAMLIN moved to strike out the resolu-
tion of the majority, and insert in lieu thereof the
resolutions reported by the minority of the com-
mittee.
Mr. DOBBIN moved that the contestant, Mr.
Farlee, be permitted to appear at the bar of the
House.
Ordered accordingly.
No member claiming the floor, or appearing dis-
posed to speak,
Mr. CULVER moved to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until to-morrow.
Mr. COBB suggested that it was desirable that
the subject was disposed of, especially as the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Dobbin,] had
stated it to be the wish of both parties that it should
be so. If no gentleman was disposed to address
the House, he would, if the gentleman would wi th-
draw his motion to postpone, call for the reading
of the report, which would throw light on the ques-
tion.
Mr. CULVER withdrew his motion.
And the question now recurring on the amend-
ment of Mr. Hamlin,
' The reports of the majority and minority of the
committee were read at "the Clerk's table.
! Mr. CALEB B. SMITH called for a division
of the question, so as that it should be taken first
on the motion to strike out, and then on the reso-
this was not the first day during the present scs ,
sion on which the States were to be called for res- j lutions of the minority.
olutions in the reverse order? and whether, hith- The SPEAKER said that, by the rules of the
erto, when the States had been called in the regu- jl House, a motion to strike out and insert was not
lar order, the House had not invariably, as soon ji divisible.
the old States had been called through, ad- n
iourned, leavms the new States uncalled? (One |j
other remark Mr. W. added, but the reporter ;;
' could not hear it.) i
: The replv of the SPEAKER, if any was made, j
was not lieard by the reporter. Put the inquuy 1
j j was answered by several voices thus: "Iso; the,1
' call has been gone througn with every time. i
The question having been then taken on the i
motion of Mr. Dobbin, it was decided in the af- j
,• firnwt've. j
i So the House proceeded to the consideration ot .
! the said subject. . i
!; [By reference to the report of the majority of
tlie committee, winch is signed by Messrs. Dob- 1
ji bint. Culver, I~Iarper. I\1cGaughey, and Chap- j
; mam, it is seen that the whole ot this case turns [
1 on tlie right of students to vote. 1
No member even yet claiming the floor,
The SPEAKER was about to put the question.
The yeas and nays were asked on the amend-
ment of Mr. Hamlin.
Mr. HARPER then took the floor, and spoke
briefly in support of the right of the sitting mem-
ber to his seat; (yielding the floor, for inquiry, to
Mr. LEAKE.)
Mr. HAMLIN followed in favor of the report
of the minority, (yielding the floor, for explana-
tion, to Messrs. BRODHEAD, DOBBIN, and
THURMAN.) .
Some conversation also followed on a point of
order raised by Mr. C. B. SMITH.
The SPEAKER pro tern. (Mr.- McClelland,
of Michigan) overruled-the point of order.
And no appeal having been taken, the conver-
sation dropped.
