452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 0,
cause of their warlike preparations. Well might
poor Mr. MeLane say, m the innocence of his
heart, that to such a question it was difficult to ob-
tain a categorical answer. I should think so; and
the mode in which Lord Aberdeen went through
liis political catechism—the lucid and exceedingly
explicit and satisfactory answer which we received,
point out, I think, in its true colors, the folly of tins
diplomatic movement. Mr. MeLane must have
felt a little silly in being made the vehicle of such
a question. But the excuse is, that Prance asked
the question. She had a right. She lay within
cannon shot of England; but she still had a better
cause of inquiry. She looked upon these prepara-
tions as a breach of that implied understanding—
that balance of power of which we hear so much;
a balance of power sustained not by extent of ter-
ritory, but by the mutual consent of the parties,
and to be shaken by a sudden meieasc of armed
power in any of the nations of Europe. Tlicir
past history and experience had warned til em that
when one suddenly armed, the other must follow
its example. That is tlie only safeguard for the
peace of continental Europe. The question was,
therefore, pertinent and well-timed from France;
but it might have been impertinent and mis-unied
from the United States. But, as 1 said before, I
may be mistaken 011 this question. Tins move-
ment may have been one of profound wisdom on
the part of diplomats, although to me it seemed so
foolish. It had one merit, at all events, although
a common one, and that was, it did not do much
harm. There is something, too, in the out-branehes
of this matter which needs to be understood. I
would like to understand why it was that .11 one
stage of this matter it was not referred for settle-
ment to London. That it was so intended to be
referred will, I think, admit of little doubt. 1 have
no personal knowledge—I do not vouch for the
facts; but there are individuals disconnected with
the Administration, who, from their business as-
sociations and obligations, v. eie compelled to know
the understanding of Mr. iVlcLane "when he left
this country. Had it then been tiunsfoired, with
the temper and tone manifested abroad, tlieie is
hardly a doubt that it would have been duly set-
tled. If not settled now, it will involve somebody
in a fearful responsibility. 1 hope that it may be.
And here the question recurs, How ?■—how > I
answer, by compromise.
I go, sir, for compromise as indicated 111 the re-
solution of the Senator from Georgia. At first it
aopeared to me that to give 110 notice at all would ;
have been the true policy; but a majority of the 1
Senate being in favor of a qualified form of notice,
X would go for that, divested of all asperity 01'feel-
ing, and "indicating on iis face that peaceful com-
promise was the true object of its being given. I
would do that for the sake of unity and compro- ;
rmse, 111 any case involving' difficulties in our for- j
eign relations. But the gentleman says; "You j
offer to compromise; but will you abandon any :
portion of the territory which js our own? How I
will you carry out a compromise in all its details >" j
Tile very question to be settled is, " What is our j
own?" After twenty-seven yeais' debate, we are j
110 nearer a conclusion than we were at first; and 1
I say this question must be settled, (if at all,) as |
all questions of a like kind have been settled since i
the foundation of our Government; that is, with a !
regard for the mutual interests of both parties, and
a just equivalent rendered. It is against all human j
experience to say it can be settled in any other
way. Whoever saw a mail who had spent a long
time 111 argument with his neighbor about a faim,
able to argue him out of that farm ? But, in the
case before us, although we hu\e 110 clear rules of
municipal law to guide us, we have, as it were,
the compass and line to guide us; we have spent
the whole of this time for the purpose of trying
how we can talk a nation out of territory; with
the clear facts of history—and T desire to call at-
tention to that history—it shows the inutility of
endeavoring to talk nations out of empire, especi-
ally when there are so many facts and principles,
and parallels of latitude and longitude to culler upon.
How was the question of the Russian boundary
settled? On 54° 40'? By debate? Sir, we might
have debated the matter till now, without coming
to within ten degrees of latitude of that. We con-
tended most strenuously then that we were entitled
to hold, as against Russia, up to 61°; and Mr.
Adams and Mr. Middleton sought to prove it by
indisputable facts and arguments, expressing them-
selves in the strongest and most emphatic terms
in favor of our claim up to 60°at least; and I must
say, after an examination of those arguments, as
against Russia, they were stronger in favor of 60°,
than our arguments against Great Britain for 54°
40'. After this debate had lasted a long time, and
covered a great quantity of paper, Count N essel-
rode suggested that, as nothing could be accom-
plished 111 that way, they should lay aside the
question of abstract right, and compromise the
question on the principle of the mutual accommo-
dation of the parties. O11 that proposition the
boundary of 54° 40' was settled; and had it not
been so, the negotiators might have been debating
the question of title until the present day. While
on tins subject, I will offer one or two words, al-
though it interferes with my course, in answer to
a remark of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Breese.] He said it was strange indeed, that if
Great Britain insisted she had claims there in 1824,
she would have sat silently by and seen the ques-
tion of title negotiated between third parties. The
Senator is somewhat mistaken in these views. In-
stead of being silent or asleep, she was up and
aw,ike, with eyes intent 011 all her interests; and
not only was she awake to this question, but we
were awake too; and, unfortunately lor my friend's
argument, at the tune we were negotiating with a
third party, we admitted the rights of Great Brit-
ain 011 the northwest coast. Sir, 1 do not know
that I compromise the country, or violate any duty,
when 1 refer to some confidential documents of the
2d session, 18th Congress, although 1 believe they
are documents from which the injunction of se-
crecy has not been removed. I shall use it 110
further I him 111 reference to facts within the knowl-
edge of Ureat Britain; and thus far, I believe, I
am authorized to make use of them.
[Scieial Senators, speaking in a very low tone,
made some inquiry as to the object of the Senator's
reference to the document.]
Mr. DAYTON. J.ly impression is, the docu-
ment hns been leferied to befoie, in some discus-
sion whi< h took place here; I do so for the pui pose
of reinoMiig sonic difficulties on matters withm
the knowledge of Great Britain.
Mr. SEVll'.R. I make it, sir, a point of order;
the Senator has 110 right to refer to it.
The PRESIDENT expressed his concurrence.
Mr. DAYTON. I have 110 wish to violate the
wish of the Senate.
A SENATOR. How was it obtained ?
Mr. DAYTON. From the Secretary's room,
among the lccouls of the office fiorn which he be-
lieved" the injunction of secrecy had not been re-
moved.
Mr. SEVIER. I dislike very much to be com-
pelled to interfere, but 1 think the reading of the
document, or any portion of it, is out of order. I
understand the Senator (Mr. D.) to say, that it was
one of those documents from which the injunction
of secrecy never had been removed. If that is so,
I think lie has 110 right to refer to it at all; and I will
insist 011 this, that he has cither the right to refer
to it, and of reading it all or none.^
Mr. DAYTON explained that it was not taken
from the Journal, but from the correspondence
whie.h passed between the British negotiator, Mr.
Middleton, ond the Russian Count Nesselrode.
Mr SEVIER. I understand it is part of a cor-
respondence which was laid before the American
Senate in its executive character; in that form the
injunction of secrecy has never been removed, and
I will make it a question of order.
1 Mr. DAYTON. I pass it, sir, without the slight-j
rst hesitation. I have 110 wish to allude to any-
thing to winch 1 could not under the rale of the j
Senate; but in alluding to facts which appeared to |
be known to, and in possession of, the British Gov-
ernment, I thought 1 would not be out of order. I
will pass it, however. But I will say to my friend,
the Senator from Illinois, he is mistaken ill the po-
sition be has taken in reference to this subject.
Passing, however, Mr. President, from these mat-
ters, and returning to the subject-matter of our de-
liberations, I say this question ought to be settled
by compromise. In support of tins view, I re-
ferred to the settlement of the Russian boundary
as all illustration of the truth of this, and also to
our settlement with Spain, as another illustration.
After obtaining Louisiana from France,by diplo-
macy, Mr. Livingston cftid Mr. Monroe both said
the cession of Louisiana conveyed to us West
Florida, and they expressed themselves entirely
satisfied that the cession included West Florida;
so satisfied, that they advised the Government to
take possession of it as American territory. Mr,
Pinkneyand Mr. Monroe afterwards took equally
decided ground, and averred the subject was so-
satisfactory and clear that there was no room for a
difference of opinion. But, unfortunately, Don
Onis, the Spanish negotiator, was of a different
opinion. The arguments on each side-were long,
and might have continued ever since; (and it seems
to me they were much against the claims of the
American Government;) nevertheless, our Govern-
ment said they were still of the same opinion as to
die effect of the treaty, but asked that an arrange-
ment should be made on the principle of a due re-
gard for mutual convenience. As soon as they
viewed the matter in that light, the parties got to-
gether; and had they not, they would not have
come together till now." Nor, in tracing our diplo-
matic history, need I refer to the fact that the north-
eastern boundary was settled in the same way.
After an expenditure of paper enough to cover the
whole country in the discussion, and no advance
being made, two men came together whose com-
mon sense told them of the inefficacy of long dis-
cussions in diplomatic affairs. They then sought
to settle it by compromise, with regard to the inter-
est of the parties; and had it not been for that the
northeastern boundary would never have been set-
tled. There is no example in the history of this or
any other country in which one nation succeeded in
debating another out of territory. This question,
therefore, was settled; and I hope oar present ne-
gotiator will understand it, and act on the same
principle of mutual convenience to the parties, and
equivalents rendered. But, sir, I shalbbehere met
by some of our friends with 54° 40', and be told
that they go for that. I shall be reminded of the
Illinois resolutions, that tell us our title to 54° 40r
is obscured by no doubt. Then come the resolu-
tions of the Baltimore convention—a miscellaneous
assembly which could know very little about it.
I am sorry t have heard this so often referred to
011 this floor—it is one of the woist signs of the
times. But gentlemen say nobody expresses a
doubt on our title. I do not know what others
have done; but if Senators would take the trouble
to inquire, they would find that three years ago,
when the subject came up, I said it could not be
discussed, and I would not discuss it. The Sena-
tor from Delaware thought we should go into Se-
cret session, and the Senator from Massachusetts
said he would suffer his tongue to blister in his
mouth rather than speak so long as it was a sub-
ject of negotiation. I put it to the country—I put
it to every gentlemen on the other side of the house
whether, if the intellect of this Senate be brought
to bear on the question of title, you might'not ob-
scure it by doubts, these resolutions to the contrary
notwithstanding ? Did the Senators who instruct-
ed us in this matter trouble themselves to follow
the lucid statement of the Senator from New York
on this matter ? Did they mark on what point the
clearness of his argument lost itself? Did they see
where he passed from logical deduction into loose
generalities? It was at Nootka. I put it to the
candor of Senators if the question of British title is
discussed, whether it might not be made to appear
that our title beyond the parallel of 49° was very
far from " not being obscured by a single doubt,"
the Illinois and Indiana resolutions, and all the
gentleman's arguments, to the contrary notwith-
standing.
But the Senator from Illinois asks, did you not
all say our title was clear, and will you retreat and
back out after what you have said and done? Sir,
our diplomatic agents, and tlie country generally,
sustained emi claims in the strongest terms to 61°
as the Russian boundary; they contended for Flor-
ida, against Spain; and they asserted just as stoutly
tlieir right to fix the northern point of the high-
lands in the Northeastern boundary question._ But
is the question never to be settled, because it has
happened that certain men have expressed ex-parte
opinions ? But, again: it is said that " Great Brit-
' ain may go to war, but if she does, she cannot do
' us any materia! detriment. The controversy will
s never be prosecuted to war, I think; but having
' reflected upon it, I think if she should, she cannot
' do us much injury, except taking a few merchant
' ships, which could be easily supplied.
I might answer the first argument used, by the Sen-
ator from Illinois yesterday, but for the extrava-
gance of his seco d argument. He takes no ac-
