1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
458
count of the oceans of blood to be spilled in case of
a war in this controversy; he takes no account of
the wretchedness in every form which is to tread
in the track of this war; he makes no account of
the taxes that ■will harass the people; he forgets the
feet that war has retrograded the position of the
world; that it "would stop at one blow all our inter-
nal improvements; dimmish the wealth, and crip-
ple the resources of the country; he forgets that it
is peace tlmt makes our railroads, peoples our hill-
sides, and plows our prairies. He takes no ac-
count of all this. The title he claims, if war should
succeed; which, according to the statement of the
Senator from Illinois, would entail the loss of a few
merchant ships easily replaced.
But he gives us encouragement. He tells us to
stand up. You have not many guns, he says—.
not many ships—but you have a wonderful power
within. He thinks, upon a point like this, when
all are united and so very desirous for 540 491, jf
w wake up we will astonish ourselves!
why, if such language as this were to come from
some persons who stood backside of the Alleghany
mountains, I should think it was irony—the very
bitterness of irony; hut coming from my fViend
from Illinois, distinguished for Ins courtesy, I know
that it is nothing but—54° 40'. But, then, mv
friend has gone into an examination of the British
navy. He tells us that they have a good many
ships, indeed, but then they are old hulks; and,
besides, she has not men to man them! Does my
friend forget that this very war of which ho was
■talking, will give them men to man their ships >
Does he forget that the moment the commerce of
Great Britain is curbed on the ocean, her sailors
seek the gun-deck ? Does he. forget the practical
illustration of that which was afforded us in the
last war? When our own sailors were driven from
the fishing-banks and from distant seas, they vol-
untarily sought the gun-deck—a class of sailors,
permit me to say, the like of whom the world has
never seen. Onboard the Constitution, when she
met the Gucrrierc, 011 the gun-deck, there were
•about three hundred sailors—Yankee freeholders.
When the John Adams was destroyed in the Pe-
nobscot, and the crew were discharged, of about
three or four hundred men, Captain Morris, now
Commodore Morris, asked—"Will you meet me
at Portsmouth?" nearly two hundred miles dis-
tant—that crew, of three or four hundred men,
straggled afoot across the country, and reported
themselves there to a man! Sir, there is no coun-
try in the world that can show such men as sail-
ors, and God forbid that I should depreciate them.
But my friend was depreciating the effective force
and power of Great Britain, anil lior want of men,
forge fling' the fact that war itself will supply lior
wants. The military marine of Great Britain
amounts to 40,000 men; her citizens afloat in all
departments number 700,001); and yet my friend
thinks that Great Britain will want sailors in the
event of a war. He says, that of all countries in
the world, we are the very best prepared for war.
We have' hot got the ships, it is true, but we have
got any quantity of timber. I am afraid that my
friend has not examined the case with sufficient
care. He talks of converting our packet-ships into
■vessels of war. Even the steamboats of the Mis-
sissippi are to be pressed into the service. Why,
the recoil of a single broadside would shake them
to pieces. The gentleman says that a packet-ship
can carry as many guns as a British frigate; but
when, and how? In storm?—in battle? Woman
can seriously dream of that. In the late war we
had an abundance of merchant vessels rotting in
our harbors. We cut down trees, wc sawed up
green timber, we put everything afloat that could
float, but"! believe we did not put merchant ves-
sels there fbr the purpose of making them men-of-
war. Idle, sir-^all idle this. Something has been
said ifl reference to heavy steamers. The British,
it is said, have recently built some heavy steamers
of a class unknown before, capable of carrying an
armament. This, if so, is a new experiment, the
result of which is to be tested. At all events, we
have no vessels of that character. I say, there-
fore, in the language of the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Dix.,]—and let us bear it in mind—
Great Britain never was in a better condition than
she is now to strike a heavy blow upon an enemy.
Let us not underrate her power.
All this, however, Mr. President, is matter aside
frotn the question; and it does not, in my estimate,
enter very much into the merits of the controversy.
And I cannot but feel that all this argument in re-
ference to the relative power of our adversary, ra-
ting or berating her, is in very questionable taste
in existing circumstances. If we are forced to touch
her shield with the point of the lance, let us do it
with the chivalrous feeling and dignity of a high-
toned nation. Then let each wheel into position,
and God defend the right! I have done with this
examination of my friend's argument, and resume
my remarks where I left them. I was speaking
of the mode in which this settlement might be ef-
fected—what were its terms—what the equivalent?
It does not become me to express any definite opin-
ion upon this question. I make one or two re-
marks, however, which seem to me applicable to
both parties. The navigation of the Columbia
has, I think, been claimed by one party and denied
by the other with a pertinacity wholly dispropor-
tionate to its value. Undoubtedly the mouth of
that river is of some value as a harbor; but the
long line of the Columbia, with its shallows, rapids,
and canoe navigation, seems to me of little practi-
cal importance or value to anybody. If it be an
object to Great Britain in time of pejee to possess
the navigation of it, in order that the Hudson Bay
Company may float down their peltries, 1 for my
own part cannot see any good reason why she
should not h.-ue it. Still to tlmt I do not commit
myself. Why not yU Id to herrfoioii navigation of
the Columbia, pi'ccisrU as she has yielded tons
the down navigation (if the St. John's? But 1
merely throw out the suggestion, eounnii'ing my-
self to nothing else. ljl the down na\igaiion lie
not satislactoi y, what objcciiou ran there he to
granting the navigation for a limited time? But I
do not expressanv opinion nlmiit that. Hue thiu-v
1 feel is certain. If we get more than past otters,
it will be for some equivalent rendered. This
equivalent, 1 trusl.iuav he connected with the .sub-
ject matter. In the present stale of things, Mr.
President,, 1 have sometimes hceu inclined to think
that there might be some understanding between
the two Governments 111 relation to this mutter.
And the fact, that 110 legislative prep,nation 011 our
side has been made, would seem to indicate, not
that there has been anv assurance—Sir Robot t
Peel denies thai, and he is a man of'honor, and
must be believed—but a sort of implied understand-
ing that if this question were only settled on some
liberal compromising basis, ample, remuneration
could he made by the, British Government in some,
other way; or, in other words, that to avoid the
destruction of one class of our interests by war, we
might consent, to the destruction of imoth'ci" class of
our interests to get clear of a Mar. But 1 express
no opinion on this subject. 1 am anxious of all
things that thi* question be settled; hut if the settle-
ment of it—if the equivalent rendered is the. Amer-
ican tariff, whether by commercial treaty or legis-
lation, we might, when the time comis, wish to
have, n word to stiy on that question. But we de-
sire now tlmt the question he settled in some way
or other. 1
While, upon the subject, permit me to express a !
little honest pride at our rmnu* national character!
abroad. It was once asked, " Who reads an Amcr- j
iean book?" That sneering question is answered !
now. American hooks—American documents, sir, I
have become the pabulum of the British House of !
Lords! Wc are indoctrinating that body in the t
science, of government, Wc are young; but young j
as we are, 111 the doctrine of free trade, we have :
gone ahead of Great Britain at a single jump, j
True, she has prospered under a svstcm of pro- 1
tcction to an extent, hitherto altogether unknown
in the annals of nations. True, that a system cal-
citlated to nurture, to strengthen, and to develop
the resources of a young people may he wholly tm- ;•
fit for an old one. True, that the'industrial pur- Ij
suits of her people and those of ours differ as wide- ji
ly as the poles; and yet, by some fatality, it turns |:
out that the political principles—the system of po- i!
litical economy calculated to develop and strength-
en both countries are now identical. There Ts a
mistake somewhere—somewhere. But this is
again digressing. I desire that, this matter maybe
settled. I desire it in no feeling of asperity. I do
not wish, upon this question, to divide from my
brethren on the other side of the Chamber. I wish
that we could proceed harmoniously. Sometimes
I have thought, from the frequent recurrence to the
expression of political opinions on this floor and
elsewhere in the discussion of this question, that
a great political party in this country was disposed
to push us to the wall on this question: that go
where we might, they meant to go a point beyond
us. If we went to 49°, granting the Columbia,
they go to 49° without it; if we went to 49° grant-
ing it not, they would go to 54° 40'; and if we fol-
lowed to 54° 40', the cauldron—no, the crucible of
public feeling—must be heated so hot, that unless
I we settled at that point, I do not know what was
' to become of us. The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Allen] was, indeed, if I recollect right, charitable
enough to give us a hint of our destination. But
whatever may have been the tone of observation
here or elsewhere, I am satisfied that the sober sec-
ond thought of our friends 011 this floor, and else-
where, will prevent serious difficulties on this ques-
tion. I am willing to go to the American people
on principles of compromise. I am persuaded
that the people will sustain the man and the Ad-
ministration that settles this question on that basis.
It is a common notion, that the war party of this
country must be the popular partv of the coun-
i try. I do not belies c it. li it, no i rror; and it is
, au error "which tends 10 produce the very mis-
chief ihat would lime un exigence without it.
There is nluay.s io he found a class of men who
prefer arranging themselves wiih that party which
1 is supposed to be a popular party in the coun-
try. Now it would be a great, public, benefit to
explode the error that a war party would be pop-
ular in all cii cmnstaiices. Heretofore our wars
; have, heen pojnilar because they have been wars
fei great principles, and not wars for mere prop-
erly. The revolutionary war. I need not say,
was not a war about (liree cents 00 a pound
of ica li iinohed ihe rights of man—the great
puuciples of' free "overiimeut. The late war was
nol a war about |>ropcriy; it v.as about principles
all over—ihe freedom of the seas.—the honor of
our flag. Take, causes wiil produce like effects;
and in the same, or like circumstances, war would
be popular again. But think you that a war about
the pint; logs of Maine would have, been a popular
war? Think you that a war about Oregon, or
rather n jiait of Oregon above 49°, would be a
popular war; It might be so at the beginning with
. certain classes-, but the brunt of the war—the tax-
es to carry it on—would fall upon a different class
i of men altogether—on honorable, prudent, think-
, mgmen: oil your merchants and mechanics. These
j are the men who would be necessarily compelled
1 to bear the brunt of the war. As long as your
war is a war of principles, these men will stand
j by you; as soon as it becomes simply a war of
! property, they will count the cost. The intelli-
gence, the prudence, the thought of this country,
must govern the country at last. Unless it be so,
your institutions, which place the power in the
hands of the people, are an empty name. Public
men are sometimes too apt to distrust the capacity
of the people to govern themselves; they are too
i: apt to draw back from the control of public opinion,
ji But we need never despair of the people, when a
11 man can stand 011 this floor and speak in a voice
i that shall reach every hamlet beyond the moun-
ji tains—never, never. Let the public men of this
| country, of both sales of this Chamber, Stand up
!; to their responsibilities, and the people will stand
by them. Popular sentiment is not always right.
1 The needle itself is not forever constant to the pole.
But the hidden influence is there. Remove ex-
i traneous and disturbing causes—give the public
I mind fan-play; it may vibrate for a time, but at
last it settles—tremulously perhaps, but faithfully
—to the north. Let the public men of this coun-
try, who believe that a war for 54° 40' would be
: wrong, but do their duty, neither the present Ad-
I ministration nor any other Administration dare
< involve the country in such a war. If they do,
j whatever may be their purity, their patriotism, a
political blunder of that magnitude would inevita-
bly bring any Administration, and all its aiders and
abettors, to the block. But I trust this matter may
be settled, and settled speedily; and in behalf of
the people, who have been tormented, afflicted, and
agitated upon this question too long, I ask that it
be done, and done quickly.
Mr. HAYWOOD then rose, and said that no
temptation could force him from the position of de-
bating this question, as far as he thought proper,
by addressing himself entirely to the judgments
and consciences of Senators, and duly consulting
the dignity of the body which was constitutionally
the council-board of the nation. It had, however,
been his anxious desire to avoid participating in
