454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4.
the discussion at all. The Senate would bear him
witness that it had been his habit to seek to make
himself useful rather than conspicuous—to labor
in discharging- the duties which it devolved upon
him, rather than to strive for eclat and distinction,
by making a noise on great and agitating public
questions. He had no ambition for oratorical dis-
play; but at that advanced period of the day, he
way afraid his auditory would be somewhat impa-
tient; and as he could not undertake to treat the
subject in the manner which it deserved, and
which he would attempt, in a very few minutes, he
would, for the purpose, on the other hand, of avoid-
ing a division of his remarks, and on the other of
trespassing unduly on the patience of the Senate,
desire to defer making any observations till to-
morrow. He therefore moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
A division was called for, and resulted as fol-
lows: yeas 18, nays 19.
The motion was therefore lost; and then
Mr. MAJXGUM moved that the Senate adjourn;
which was put and carried; and
The Senate accordingly adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Alarck 3, 184G,
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap- '
proved.
The SPEAKER, by consent, laid befoie the j
House the following communication from the j
Clerk; which, having been read, was, on motion j
of Mr. GRAHAM, laid on the table, and ordered \
to be printed: i
Clerk's Office, IIocse of Reprfskntvtivks U. S., >
February lb 1 >. '
The House of Representatives, on the IStli infant, .idopt- i
ed the following losolutioii I
"•"Resolved^ Tuat the Cleik of this? House be ni>tnicted to '
6 inqune, and repoi t as toon as practicable, what \\ ill be the !
i probable cost of cam my into ellect tlu: resolution adopted :
< yesteiday relative to lutiiishing the repoiteis ol the public
'paneiswith bills., duiMmeutss, how m,ui.\ -urh repoil- !
'eistheie mo m tin* Jlonse; whether thc\ will be entitled [
•under said resolution to documents alieady pi inted, and '
' whether it will be nceosaiy to punt beieatter an extia i
i numbei, or the uuinbei to be liiriu.-hed the lepoitcirf will ■
4 be subnacted from those otheiwiso distributed among the !
' members ; and further, whether the resolution will give to
(the re.puitei-s the reports documents &e., when bound."'
The ievolution lefeired to m the foiegomg resolution,
which was adopted on liie 17th instant, and reconsideied
and rejected on the 18tli, is as follows:
Resolved, That the repoitcis of public papers who have
1 seats assigned them on tin; tioor of the House ofllepie-
{ sentatives by the speaker, be furnished with one copy each
'of such printed papers, bills, and documents, as aie hud on
* the desks of the member-;." I
Had this resolution remained m force, the Clerk would j
have directed the punters of the House of llepuNentatives j
to punt thnty-two copies, of the journal, document*, lepoits j
ot committees, hills, calendar, and ordeis of business in i
addition to thenumboralreadyordeied— that being the num- 1
ber ot ^eats assigned to reporteis for the public ptes.s upon
the t'ooi of the House.
One copy of each ot the foregoing documents, &.<•., would
have been laid upon each reporter's desk from the day of
the adoption of the resolution ; the documents, &t\, punted
up to that time wouhl not have been furnished to them; and
the} could not have been, without iepuntin<_' them, even
had the resolution contained a letiospective clau>e, whieh
it <locs not.
No hound documents leporN. or bills, would have been
furnished under that lesolution.
it now lemams for t!ie Cletk to estimate <- what"1 would
have been "the piobablc, cost of carrying said lesolution
into elfeet.*'
Tt being entirely out of the power of the Clerk to foiesee
what pnutuig may he oideied bj the House at the present
session, he has ascertained what would ha\e been tne cx-
pen.se for furnishing thnty-two copies ol all the printed mat-
ter ot the eoMe>pondmg session of the 2t<th Congress, and
hy* touiid it to be six hundred and enrht dollars.
Estimating the lentrth of the present session at seven and
a half months^, one-third of the session had expired when
the above resolution was adopted; but, as the printing is
much heavier during the first two months ot the se?sion
than af'cenvards the'CJeik deems it a fair e*timate to take
one-halt of the above sum as " the probable cost of earning
said resolution into effect,'' to wit: three hundred and four
tioltais.
With high respect, vour obedient servant,
B. B. FRENCH, CIe,k House of Reps.
Hon. J. W\ D.yvis,
fipreker House of Rrps. U $.
The SPEAKER announced that the unfinished
business would be the case of the contested election
from the State of New Jersey.
Mr. HJLLIARD, on leave given, offered the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be re-
quested to inform this House whether any arrange-
ments have been made for the transportation of the
mail between this and foreign countries j and if any
have been made, to report the terms at the earliest
practicable day.
Mr. HOPKINS suggested that the very informa-
tion called for by the resolution had within a few
days been sent to the Senate.
The reply of Mr. Billiard, if any, was not
heard by the reporter.
And the resolution was adopted. **
NEW JERSEY CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House resumed the consideration of the re-
port of the Committee of Elections, in the case of
the contested election from the State of New Jer-
sey.
The state of the question was this:
The majority of the committee had recommend-
ed the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That Isaac G. Farlee is not entitled to
a seat in this House,as a Representative from the
State of New .lei&ey.
And Mr. Hamlint had moved to strike out the j
said resolution, and insert the following resolutions, j
reported by the minority of the committee:
tfm/m/, That John Ilunk is not entitled to a seat
on this floor.
Resolved, That Isaac G. Farlee, having received
a majority of the legal \otes of the legally qualified
voters of the third congressional district of New
Jersey, is entitled to his scat upon this floor.
And the pending question was on the amendment
of Mr. Hamlin.
Mr. CH1PMAN continued, and concluded his
remark's in favor of the right of the contestant
(Mr. Faulek) to his seat.
Mr JENKINS followed on the same side.
Mr. CULVER, then took the floor, and spoke |
in favor of the ri^ht of the sitting member to his j
seat—(yielding the lloor for inquiry to Mr. Fa- i
rax.) !
Mr. TOOMBS followed on the same side—'
(yieldingthclloorforexplawation to Mr. Hamlin.)
Mr. SOHENCK offered the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Resolved, That at the time of the last congression-
al election in the third district of New Jersey,
RiehnnI 11. llichardson, one of the electors at said
election, was, as appears by the testimony before
tins House, a legal voter, and his vote should not
be stricken from the polls.
Mr. S. sustained this amendment, and, general-
ly, the right of Mr. Hunk to his seat.
Mr. T1BBATTS (excepting from its operation
the sitting and the contesting members) demanded
the previous question.
And the House adjourned,
PETITIONS, &c.
The following Petitions and Memorials were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propnate committees:
By Mr. CATIK'ART: The petition ot John Walburn and
others-, eiU/,ens of Indiana, proving the establishment of a
mail-ioute fiom Go>hen, in Indiana, to Plymouth : refcired
to the Committee on the Post Office and Pon Roads. The
petition ofJ. \j Jermuan, and oth.-r citizens of Indiana, pray-
ing that Confess make an appropriation to build a wire
suspension bridge acios* the Ohio at Wheeling, Vngmia.
reft ried to the Committee on Roads and Canals. ;
B\ Mi. TlOriE The petition of .ri citizen's of the State of !
Illinois, asking Congress to lepeal all laws authorizing
 laverv'in tiie Ui«tuct oi Columbia.
, ByMt.DiiMOTT- A memorial of eiti/.ens of Seneca i
1 county. New York, against an increase ot letter-postage,and 1
i in favor of letaining the picsent ?\<tem of weight. i
B\ Mr. DELANO Tne petition of 48 citizens and voters '
! of the county of Knox, Ohio, praying Congress to establish
1 a semi-wee,kly mail-ioute from Columbus, Ohio, to Coshoc- ;
■ ton, m the same rUate, via New Alhanj. Johnstown, Utica, 1
Maitinsburg, 131adcn.>buig, East Union, West Bedford, and
i RO^oop.
Va Mr. LAWRENCE: The petition of inhabitants of
1 Bailing Hollow. Long island, praying lor the establishment
ot such m< ft-ures a.-- may be deemed best for the settlement
, of all national disputes, either by treaty stipulations, or ly\ a
congress ol nations: iei'erred to the Committee on Foreign
! Aiian-.
By ,Mi. SCIIEYCK : The remonstrance of Isaac Strohm,
, and AA other citizen* of the counties of Greene and Mont-
gomei v. Ohio, against any chance of the law regulating post-
age, by v\Inch the lates of postage on letteis shall be jii-
1 cieased
By Mr. PROMGOOLE* The petition of the citizens of
■ the "town of Peteisbiac. lor a mail-ioute from Hidgway,
jVoith Caiolma, via Clarkesville, to Halifax Court-house,
I Virginia.
! By Mr. YELL: The petition of sundry citizens of Brad-
1 ley and Jefferson counties, m the State, of Arkansas, pray-
: in? the establishment of a mail-route from Peri Bluffs, in
; Jefferson county, to Camden, in Washita county. A peti-
i tion for the establishment of a mail-route from Camden to
| Tjouiyville, in Lafayette countv, in said State: referred to
i the Committee on the Po&t Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. POLLOCK: The petition of Jacob Cook, and
116 others, citizens of Lycoming county, Pennsylvania, re-
monstrating against any alteration or reduction of the tariff
act of 184S.
By Mr. HOUGH: A memorial numerously signed by citi-
zens ofSyraeuse, New York, against any increase of letter
postage, and m favor of retaining thc-present system of
weights, instead of by the piece : referred to the Committee
on the Post Office find Post Roads. Three several like me-
morials from citizens of Seneca county, New York: refer-
red to the same committee. Joint resolutions by the Legis-
lature of the State of New York, instructing their Senators
and requesting their Representatives in Congress to oppose
any increase of letter postage: aeferred to the same com-
mittee.
By Mr. UOGE : The petition of 172 citizens of the county
of Rock Island, in the State of Illinois, asking an appropria-
tion for the removal of the obstructions in the Des Moines
and Rock River rapids of the Mississippi river.
By Mu ATKINSON: The petition of Elizabeth M. Adam?,
of Portsmouth, Virginia, asking for a pension as the widow
of Midshipman Adam*, who dred of disease contracted in
the hue of his duty: refcired to the Committee on Naval
Allans'.
J}y Mr. M. L. MARTIN: The petition of citizens of Wash-
ington comity, Wisconsin, to extend the time which persons
purchasing: lands by pre-emption may have to pay for the
same: referred to the Committee on Public Lands. The
petition of citizens of Racine county, for a mail-route from
Rochester to Sugar creek : reterrerTto the Committee on the
Post Office and Po-t Roads. The petition of citizens of
New Diggings, hi Wisconsin, praying that a certain tract of
land  lav be set, apart as a town site tor said village: refer-
led to the Committee on Public Lands. The petition of
citizens of Builington, Racine county, for an appropriation
on road from Racine to Beloit. The petition of same for an
appropriation to complete the harbor at Root river. The pe-
tition of same for a mail-route from Racine to Beloit.
I3y Mr. CCJMMINS: The petition of Robert M. Dawson,
and 140 other citizens of Ohio, asking Congress, to make an
appropriation to erect a wire suspension bridge across the
Ohio river at Wheeling, Virginia, to connect the national
road, in Virginia, with the same road in Ohio: referred to
the Committee on Ro;ids and Canals.
By Mr. G. Wr. JONES: The remonstrance of George C.
Wilson, of Marshall county, Tennessee, late a private m
the avmv of the United States, agrunst the continuance of
sutlers at military posts, barracks, and forts: referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
By Mr. PERRFLL : The papers of the heirs of Israel Ciy-
der- referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of citizens of Morgan,
Benton, and Polk counties, m the State of Missouri, pray-
ing for the establishment of a mail-route fiom Versailles to
ttoleran: referied to the Committee on the Post Office and
Po>t Roads.
By Mi. DUNLAP: The petition of the children of Thomas
and Rebecca Pool, late of Brunswick, Cumberland county,
Maine, for an allowance of a re%olutionary pension due un-
der the acts of 1835 and 1836: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr WENTWORTH : The petition of sundry citizens
of Kane counti v,for a mail-route from Bristol, Kendall coun-
ty, via Sugar Grove, Grouse, Blackberry, Avon, and Line,
to Sycamore, De Kolh county, Illinois: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. The peti-
tion of Asa Hall, of Will county, for payment of back pen-
sion fiom April 26, 1814, to July 22. 3830: referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions. The petition of citizens
of Champaign county, for a mail-route from Iroquois, via
Courtwright's Mills, Middleport, Jonathan Wright's, oa
Spring creek, and Middle Fort, Vermillion river, to Uiban-
na: referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. BROCKENBROUGH: The petition of Malachi
Hasan, praying remuneration for property destroyed by the
United States at Micanopy, in Florida. The petition of
James Edwards, administrator of Edward W. Warton. pray-
ing compensation for goods destroyed in Florida, by order
of the commanding officer at Micanopy, Florida. The peti-
tion of Joseph Elzuardi, administrator of Antonio Pucheco,
: prayimi compensation forpropeity taken for the purposes of
I the United States. The petition of Richard Filzpatriek,
j praying compensation for property used by troops of the
: United States: all ol which were referred to the Commit-
, tee on Military Alfans.
By Mr. J. P. MARTIN: The petition of citizens of Mad-
ison county, Kentucky, praying the passace of a law to
• make proposals to other nations to settle all difficulties with-
> out an appeal to arms: referred to the Committee on For-
; eign Affairs.
i IN SENATE.
I Wednesday, J\Iarch 4, 3846.
, The PRESIDENT kid before the Senate a re-
:l port of the Secretary of the Navy, on the means
of naval defences of the lakes; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
!' Mr. HANNEGAN presented the memorial of
' ! citizens of Indiana, praying a grant-of public land,
:! to aid in the construction of tlie Buffalo and Mis-
II sissippi railroad ; which was referred to the Com-
; mittee on Public Lands.
; Mr. H. also presented the petition of citizens of
Indiana, praying an extension of the laws of the
, United States over the Oregon territory, and the
construction of a national road from some on
, the Mississippi to the mouth of the Columbia river;
i i which was referred to the Committee on Public
• Lands.
!! Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented the-petition of
!• the heirs of Gustavus B. Harmer, a surgeon's
