1841.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
mate in the revolutionary army, praying to be al-
lowed bounty land and commutation pay, which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of
Thomas P. Shepherd, praying that the apparatus
employed in the manufacture of oil oF vitriol may
be admitted into the ports of the United States free
of duty; which was referred to the Committee on
Manufactures. i
Mr. ASHLEY presented the petition of the legal
representatives of Jo skill Fletcher, praying; indem-
nity for destruction of property by hostile Creek
Indians; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of T. L. Wen-
dell and others, praying the payment of their claims
as provided for by the fifth article of the treaty of
January, 1837, between the United States and the
Saganaw tribe of Indians; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. C. also presented the petition of Jacob G.
Dyckman, praying the adoption of his system of
military instruction for the use of the militia of the
United States; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BREESE presented the memorial of the
Galena and Chicago Union Railroad Company,
praying permission to purchase at the minimum
price the public land through which it is proposed
to construct their road; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. B. also presented the petition of the Mayor
and Common Council of the city of Chicago, ill.,
praying a grant of the town lots belonging to the
united States, in that city, to defray the expense
of arresting the injury caused by the public works
in their harbor; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. STURGEON presented the memorial of the
heirs of James Bell, deceased, praying the pay-
ment of a balance due for tuivunccs made by then-
ancestor during the revolutionary war; which wiw
laid on the table.
Mr. SEMPLE submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to.
Resolved, That the Committee on Iloads ami Ca-
nals be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
granting to the State of Illinois a portion of the
public lands in that State, to aid in the completion
of the Illinois and Michigan canal; and that they
report by bill.
Mr. H. JOHNSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported without amendment bills for
the relief of the following persons, reported from
the House of Representatives and referred to said
committee, viz : Jos. M. Rhea, Arthur R. Frogge,
James Davison, Wm, McCttulcy.
Also, a bill for the relief of John Ficklin.
Mr. J., also, from the same committee, asked
that said committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Elizabeth Sevier;
and that the same be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs; which was agreed to.
Also, that said committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of Harriet
Ward, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs; which was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill authorizing the pay-
ment of interest upon the Advances made by the
State of Alabama for the use of the United States,
reported it with an amendment, and submitted a
report upon the subject; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, submitted adverse reports upon
the petitions of the legal representatives of John
Fulford, John Brooks, Henry Latum, Clmiles
Pasteur, and John Campbell; which reports were
severally ordered to be printed.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Ten-
sions, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for the relief of Hugh W. Dobbin, granting him
arrearages of pension; the bill was read, and passed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to print
3,000 extra copies of the report of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, and the accom-
panying documents, in relation to the construction
of a railroad from Independence to the shores of
the Pacific, reported the same, with a recommend-
ation that it be passed.
The question was taken on the motion, and the
same was agreed to.
Mr. A. also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print 60,000 copies of the
recent report of the Commisssioner of Patents
without the list of patents, reported the same with
an amendment, striking out 60,000, and inserting
25,000.
Mr. YULEE inquired of the chairman of the
Committee on Printing the probable cost of print-
ing this document,
Mr, ATHERTON, in reply, stated that the
printing of the usual number, together with the ex-
tra copies, would cost £15,000, providing that the
document of the present year is of the same length
as that of lust.
Mr. NILES opposed the expenditure of so large
a sum of money for the purpose proposed, and
moved an amendment to print 10,000 copies only.
Mr. YULEE said that, in making the inquiry,
his principal pmpose was to bring the notice of the
chairman of the committee to the importance of
vigilance in economizing the expenses of printing.
Ten years ago the average total cost of the printing
of both blouses seemed, by a report this morning
laid upon the table of Senators, to have been less
than thirty-five thousand dollars; while, as he was
just informed by a Senator near him, the expense
of printing for the Senate alone during the last ses-
sion exceeded one hundred and forty thousand
dollais. He wished also to rail the attention of 1
the chairman of the Committee on Reirenehment
to the subject of reform. This astonishing in-
crease in the expenses of printing was only a type
of the general growth of extravagance in the ex-
penditures of every other branch of the Govern-
ment—naval, military, and civil, lie represented
the extravagance of the Government lor many years
as being culpable in the extreme. He wns a mem-
ber of t,lie Democratic, party, but he confessed with
sorrow that that party was noi free of it* share in
permitting the tjros.-u  t extravagance. 1 le thought
the time had conn? to reform tins system of profuse
expenditure. As to the document m question, he
believed that it whs a book of very indifferent ma-
terials—a sort of agricultural annual j'nr mferioi to
many monthly publications uf that eharactcr—
Skinner's Agricultural Alagaznie, for instance. Ag-
ricultural works of a much more valuable charac-
ter could be obtained at much less expense; and if
the agricultural cla.vxs were to be taken into the
spccial care and guardianship of the Senate, in his
opinion, their interests could be far better promo-
ted by other means than by the dissemination of
these documents emanating from the Patent Office.
Mr. BKKESE wished to know to what Admin-
istration the Senator had referred as being pecu-
liarly chargeable with extravagance? Did he mean
that of Mr, Van Buron.'
Air. YULEK had meant all—all. Out if the
Senator desired reference to any particular Admin-
istration, he would say that, although he had been
as warm ami devoted a friend of Mr. Van Buren'a
Administration as the geutlem:\n himself, he would
say very freely that that Administration had been
marked with intolerable extravagance. The same
extravagance has spread through all the depart-
ments of the Go\eminent, and been continued up
to the present day. it was growing, and he did
not make it a charge upon Air. Van Buren—upon
his Administration, or any oilier: but he affirmed
that the Senate knew that extravagance in the pub-
lic expenditures was growing every day; and that
no adequate check to it has been attempted by any
Administration for the last ten years. Tt was the
spirit, at which he struck, and not at any particu-
lar party or Administration. It could not be de-
nied. Gentlemen of all parties would agiec that
the spirit of extravagance was growing m their
expenditures, and that the tendency of their legis-
lation had been to encourage and stimulate that
i spirit of extravagance. He trusted that reform
' would be commenced at once: reform not only in
the expenditures and the impositions upon the peo-
ple, but also ni the spirit of our legislation. In
future he sinceiely hoped to see a system of mod-
erate appropriations and moderate taxation.
Mr. BREESE had supposed that the gentleman
had alluded to the Administration of Mr. Van Bu-
ren. He (Mr. B.) was directly at issue with the
Senator on that point. No Administration—neither
that of Mr. Van Boron nor that of General Jack-
son—could be charged with extravagant expendi-
ture, unless their estimates could be shown to be
extravagant. He referred the gentleman to the
estimates presented during the Administration of
Mr. Van Buren, and he would find that in every
instance the appropriations had exceeded the esti-
mates by thousands and thousands of dollars. No
Democratic President had recommended so many
reforms in the public expenditure as had Mr. Van
Buren; and in every single case the appropriation
had, as he had just said, outgrown the estimate.
That, it needed not to be added, was not the fault
of the Administration. The blame rested in another
quarter.
Air. DICKINSON did not deem it at all neces-
sary to enter into any discussion of the extrava-
gance or economy of the Van Buren Administra-
tion. That matter had been satisfactorily argued
on other more appropriate occasions. He supposed
that the simple question before the Senate was on
the printing of this document. Abuses had un-
doubtedly hitherto existed m the public printing—
great abuses. But they were now on the ioad~ to
reform m that respect. The infoi mation contained
in the annual report of the Patent Ofiue was very
valuable and useful. The document had been ex-
tensively circulated hitherto, and was extremely
acceptable to large classes of the people, who were
not at all disposed to grumble at the expense of
printing it. They were quite willing to pay for
it. He would have been willing to vote even for
a larger number of copies than that now recom-
mended and proposed. The very object of print-
ins: extra copies was to diffuse valuable infotnia-
tion amonust the people; and he did not know
any speeds of information more valuable than that
which was calculated to benefit the agricultural
classes of the country.
Air. YULEE supposed that it was very proba-
ble that the (stunates of the Administration alluded
to were, as stated by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Biiersk,] less than the appropriations. But
that did not meet the point of his (Mr. Y.'s) re-
marks. iledid not intend to make any charge
upon the then Picsidtnt, (Mr. Van Buren,) who
could not be estimated more highly, either for his
patriotism, or statesmanship, oi virtues, by any
other gentleman than by hnnself. Gut he meant
simply to say that the spirit of extravagance had
been permitted to grow both in the legislation of
the country, and the application of appropriations;
and that no adequate reform had been attempted;
that no checks had been imposed; and that, in all
instances of appropriations which had come under
his eye, there nad been the most intolerable ex-
travagance—the most unjustifiable waste. He said
that it was important that this spirit of extrava-
gance both in the legislation and expenditures
should be reformed. He believed that the present
Administration was disposed to unite with Con-
gress in ail necessary reforms; and that they also
had a chairman of the Committee on Retrench-
ment, who would take pains to infofm himself
upon these subjects, and supply them with meas-
ures, by the aid of which reuenc.hmcnt and reform
could be effected. He trusted that that chairman
would enter sedulously on his work; and that he
would receive the cordial aid of his friend beside
him from North Carolina, [ATr. Haywood,] who
: had presented to the Senate, a few years ago, a
series of measures calculated to render him much
assistance.
Air. HAYWOOD. The bills were never report-
ed back.
Mr. YULEE trusted, then, that they would be
exhumed, and by some galvanic process revivified
by the present Committee on Retrenchment. He
did not mean to say, in reference to this document,
that, if it was a useful one, it ought not to be
printed. He hoped, however, that the honorable
chairman of the committee would limit his motion
to the printing of the ordinary number, leaving for
further consideration the propriety of printing any
extra number. That would give time for an ex-
amination of the document; and if it were one
communicating important political information—
if it wore one material in that respect—he, for
one, would willingly give his humble vote in fa-
vor of the printing of a moderate number of extra
copies.
Mr. ATHERTON remarked that the number
of extra copies recommended for printing had been
reduced from 60,000 to 25,000-—a reduction of one-
half the number printed last year. Last, year the
