456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
expense of printing this document had been §40,-
000; the expense of panting the same number this
year, supposing the document to be of equal length
with that of last year, would be &34,000, because
twenty per cent, is to be deducted from the prices
of last year. Here is one reduction, one effort at
retrenchment at least, for which the gentleman
from Florida may give credit to the Senate. The
expense of printing the number now proposed,
supposing the document to be of equal length wiih
that of last year, would be about $15,000; and the
committee supposed that that was a pretty serious
reduction of the expenditure of last year. He was
not able to say this positively, but he felt, at all
events, disposed to go still further into the reduc-
tion of the public expenditures for printing. It
had been suggested, however, bv many Senators,
that the universal demand for this document justi-
fied the printing of a larger number than that now
proposed.
Mr. ASHLEY expressed a desire that the sub-
ject, be passed over informally till to-morrow.
Mr. SEVIER moved that the subject be post-
poned till to-morrow.
The motion was put and carried; and the subject
accordingly lies over till to-moirow.
[A message in writing was received from the
President of the United Slates.]
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill respecting the settlement
of the boundary line between the Slate of Florida
and the State of Georgia.
Also, a bill for the relief of the administrator of
Andrew Capclht, dece.ised; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back to tlx* Senate the joint reso-
lution m relation to mineral lands, with an amend-
ment.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of Charles W. lhn^ley, of Charleston,
South Carolina, was read the first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. R. JOHNSON, pursuant to notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill supplementa-
ry to an act entitled "An act enabling the claim-
< ants to lands within the luni^ of the State of Mis-
1 souri and Territory of Arkansas to institute pro-
' ceedings to try the validity of their claims," ap-
proved the 26ih of May, 1824; which was read,
passed to the second reading, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SEVIER moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the special order; which mo-
tion was agreed to.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the joint resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Ai.len, as amended by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, proposing to give notice
to the Government of Great Britain of the intention
of the United States to annul the. convention for
the joint occupancy of the Oregon territory, the
resolutions submitted by Messrs. Hanneoay. Cal-
houn, Crittent>f,n, and Colquitt, and the joint
resolution of the House of Representatives, on the
same subject.
The question pending being the substitute pro-
posed by Mr. Crittenden, as modified by the
adoption of the resolution of Mr. CoLcjriTT,
Mr. HAYWOOD rose, arid addressed the Sen
ate until half-past three o'clock, when, without
closing his remarks, he gnve way to a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. H. took the ground that when the Presi-
dent transmitted the correspondence accompany-
ing his Message—which might have been a wrong
step—he, no doubt, acted from a sense of duty:
but he could not have anticipated that Congress
would, instead of giving an affirmative or nega-
tive response to his action, luive taken the oppor-
tunity of endeavoring to snatch from his Imids
his constitutional power of regulating negotiations
with foreign Powers. Could he have anticipated
such a cour.se, would he not have been justified in
altogether withholding the correspondence? Now
there was presented to the world the singular
spectacle of two branches of the Government act-
ing distinctly and inconsistently—the Executive at
one end of the Avenue, engaged in carrying on ne-
gotiations; while Congress, at the other end, was
engaged in a debate denunciatory of all the nations
of the earth. He did not look on this phenom-
enon as chargeable against the Administration, but
as the necessary result of the transmission of the
diplomatic correspondence to Congress.
What was past, however, could not be recalled;
and it was now the duty of statesmen to decide
what was the next step, and how they could act
so as to acquit themselves to their eonscicnccs and
the country. In order to do this, he considered it
essential that they should be informed of what
was the tine position of the Executive. As a
fricni of the President, he desired that a free com-
munication should be made by the Executive of
his position, before the Senate came to any decis-
ion as to the revocation of the convention of 1828,
in order that it might be known to this body what
are his own views, and what is the action he ex-
pects from the legislative Innnch.
Mr. T-l. then took a view of the coursc which
had been pursued by the President, appiovmg of
the offer of the parallel of 49° to Groat Britain, and
maintaining that there was nothing in the lan-
guage of the President to render it. improper in
him to negotiate hereafter on that basis, notwith-
standing this rejection. Me regarded the negotia-
tion as stiil open; and lie would not do the Presi-
dent so nvrh wrong as to suppose that, if we
passed the noliee, and thus put into his hand a
greatmoral weapon, that, he could be guilty of so
miserable a trick as to use it to the dishonor of his
country on the one hand, or to the reckless provo-
cation of a war on the other. Believing that the
Administration stood committed to accept an offer
of a division of the territory on the parallel of 49°
—or substantially that—ho should sustain the Ex-
ecutive in that position. "He expressed his convic-
tion that, whatever might, be his individual opin-
ions, the Piesuient—as General Washington did
m 179f —'would fulfil his obligations to the coun-
try, that, whenever the interests of the country
required it, he would sacrifice hiw own opinions to
hi«3 srn^e r f his oflh-ial duty. He rebuked the cry
which had been set up by some of the friends of
the President, which placed him in the position of
being the mere organ of the Baltimore convention,
and declared that, if lie could believe that the Ex-
ec utive would permit the resolution of that con-
vention to overrule his duty to the country, he
would turn his back upon him.
Mr. II. then pioc.cedcd to deduce, from the lan-
guage and acts of the Executive, that he had not
put himself in a position which imposed on him
the neee^sUy of refusing to negotiate, on the par-
allel of 49°, should negotiation be resumed on that
basis. In this respect, the President did not occupy
that attitude m which some of his friends wished
to place him. It ought to be borne m mind that
Great Britain had held occupancy for above forty
years; and it was absmd to suppose, that, if we
turn suddenly upon her and tell her she must quit,
that she will not make lesislance. And lie asked
what our Government would be likely to do if
placed in a similar position and reduced to the
same alternative. No one could contend for a mo-
ment that the rejection of the oiler of 49° by (-treat
Britain released' the President from the obligation
to accept that offer whenever it should again be
made. The question was to be settled by com-
promise; and, on this principle, the negotiation ^
was still ponding. It was not to be expected that j
a negotiation of this land could be carried through
hastily. Tune must be given for communication
with the British Government, for proper consider-
ation and consultation; and true politeness requires
that ample time should be given for this purpose.
It is obvious that Great Britain does not consider
the negotiation terminated, as she would have re-
called her minister; and the President cannot deem
it closed. or he would have made a communication
to Congress to that effect. The acts of the Presi-
dent were not such as to justify any apprehensions
of a rupture; and from that, he did not ask for the j
notice in order that he might draw the sword and
throw away the scabbard. The falsehood of any
such charge is proved by the fact that he has ask-
ed for no enlargement of the annual appropria-
tions: on the other hand, his estimates arc rather
diminished. Knowing him to he honest, he (Mr.
H.) would acquit him of any such imputation of
moral treason, which would subject him to the
reprobation of man and the anger of his God.
Before Mr. H. had concluded, he yielded the
floor; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 4,1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved,
NEW JERSEY CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the report of the Committee of Elections
in the case of contested election from the-State of
New Jersey.
Mr. HOPKINS moved that there be a call of the
House; which was ordered.
And the Clerk having called the roll, 156 mem-
bers answered to their names.
The names of the" absentees were then called, and
180 members appeared to be present.
On motion of Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS, all fur-
ther proceedings on the call were dispensed with.
Whereupon tiie House resumed tne considera-
tion of the case of contested election from the State
of New Jersey.
The state of the question, at the adjournment
yesterday, was this:
The majority of the committee had recommend-
ed the adoption of the following resolution:
"Resolved, That Isaac G. Farlee is not entitled to
a seat in this House, as a representative from the
State of New Jersey."
Which said resolution Mr. Hamlin had hereto-
fore moved to amend, by striking out all after the
word "resolved," and inserting the following:
" That John Runic is not entitled to a seat upon
this floor. That Isaac G. Farlee, having received
a majority of the legal votes of the legally qualified
voters of the third congressional district of New
Jersey, is entitled to his seat upon this floor.''
And Mr. Schbnck had moved to amend the
amendment by substituting therefor the following:
" Resolved, That at the time of the last congres-
sional election in the third district of New Jersey,
Richard II. Richardson, one of the electors at said
election, was, as appears from the testimony be-
fore this House, a legal voter, and his vote should
not be struck from the polls."
Mr. Tjbbatts (excepting from its operation the
contesting and the sitting members) had demanded
the previous question; pending which demand, the
House had adjourned.
And the question now recurring on seconding
the demand for the previous question, the vote was
taken by telleis, ana stood yeas 68, nays 75.
So there was not a second.
The question then recurred on the amendment.
Mr. HAMPTON took the floor, and spoke in
favor of the right of the sitting member to his seat.
Mr. S. JONES followed in defence of the claims
of the contestant, [yielding the floor for explana-
tion to Messrs. SCHENCK, STANTON, and
McGAUGHKY.]
Mr. McHENRY then obtained the floor, and
addressed the House in support of the report of
the majority of the committee, and in favor of Mr.
Runk's right to a scat.
Mr. TIBBATTS demanded die previous ques-
tion.
Mr. YINTON moved a call of the House.
Mr. HENLEY moved that, before the call was
commenced, the doors should be closed; the whole
proceeding otherwise, he said, would be mere non-
sense.
The SPEAKER said that, in his judgment, the
doors could not now be closed without a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. HENLEY moved that the rules be sus-
pended. [The motion, if put, was not agreed to.]
And the question being taken (after a brief conver-
sation between Mr. TOOMBS and the SPEAK-
ER) on the motion of Mr. YINTON, a call of the
House was ordered.
And the roll having been called, 171 members
answered to their names.
And the names of the absentees having been
called, 193 members appeared to be present.
On motion of Mr. BuYD, all further proceedings
on the call were dispensed with.
The demand for the previous question (after some
conversation between Mr. SCHENCK and the
|| SPEAKER) was seconded.
■ I Mr. S. withdrew his amendment.
And the main question was ordered to he now
ta Mr! W. HUNT and Mr. ROCKWELL asked
the yeas and nays on the main question; which
were ordered.-
