THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457
After some conversation on a point of order, in
which Messrs. YANCEY, HAMLIN, TIB-
BATTS, BAYLY, and McKAY, participated, -
Mr. MORSE asked to be excused from voting,
assigning his reasons therefor.
No question was taken on this motion.
The main question—to -wit, on the motion of
Mr. Hamlin to strike out the resolution of the
majority of the committee, and insert the resolu-
tions of the minority—was then taken, and resulted
as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Bayly,
James Black, Bowlin, Brinkerhoff,Brockenbrough,
Brodhead, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Collin, Con-
stable, Cunningham, Daniel, Jefferson Davis, De
Mott, Dillingham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dunlap,
Edsall, Ellsworth, Erdman, Poster, Pries, Good-
year, Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Harmanson,
Hoge, Hough, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Jen-
kins, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Sea-
born Jones, Kennedy, Preston King, Leake, La
Sere, Ligon, McClean, McClelland, McClernand,
McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Barclay
Martin, Morris, Moulton, Niven, Norris, Payne,
Pemll, Pettit, Phelps,.llitter, Roberts, Russell,
Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Strong, Sykes, Jas.
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Went-
worth, Wheaton, Wick, Williams, Woodworth,
and Yost—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, John Q,. Adams, Ste-
phen Adams, Arnold, Barringer, Bediuger, Bell,
Blanchard, Boyd, Milton Biowu, Willuun G.
Brown, Buffing-toil, William W. Campbell, John
H. Campbell, Carroll, Cathcart, John G. Chap-
man, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman,
Cobb, Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, Crozier, Cul-
lom, Culver, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dixon, Dob-
bin, Dockery, John H. Ewing, Edwin H. Ewing,
Faran, Foot, Gentry, Giddings, Giles, Gordon,
Graham, Gnder, Hampton, Harper,Henley, Ilor-
riclc, Hilliard, Elias B. Holmes, Isaac E. Holmes,
Hopkins, John W. Houston, George S. Houston,
Edmund W. Hubard, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hud-
son, Washington Hunt, Hunter, Charles J. Inger-
soll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Andrew Johnson, Geo.
W. Jones, Daniel P. King, Thomas B. Kin/y,
Leib, Lewis, Levin, Long, Lumpkin, McConnell,
McGaughey, McHenry, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Mil-
ler, Moseley, Perry, Pollock, Price, Ramsey,
Rathbun, Reid, Rhett, Julius Rockwell, John A.
Rockwell, Root, Schenck, Seaman, Seddon Sever-
ance, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Tru-
man Smith, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb
B. Smith, Stanton, St. John, Strohm, Thibodeaux,
Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson, Thurman,
Toombs, Trumbo, Yinton, white, Winthrop,
Wood, Woodward, Wright, Yancey, Yell, and
Young—112.
So the motion to strike out and insert was re-
jeeted •
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution reported by the majority of the com-
mitters folio ws: f
Resolved, That Isaac G. Farlee is not entitled to
a seslt in this House as a representative from the
State ofNcw Jersey.
The yeas and nays were called on both sides of
the House, and ordered, and, being taken, result-
ed a& follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Abbott, John Q.. Adams, Ste-
phen Adams, Arnold, Barringer, Bedinger, Bell,
Blanchard, Boyd, Milton Brown, William G.
Brown, Buffington, Wm. W. Campbell, John H.
Campbell, Carroll, Cathcart, John G. Chapman,
Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Clarke,
Cobb, Cocke, Collamer, Constable, Cranston,
Crozier, Cullom, Culver, Garrett Davis, Jefferson
Davis, Delano, Dixon, Dobbin, Dockery, John H.
Ewing, Edwin H. Ewing, Foot, Gentry, Gid-
dings, Giles, Gordon, Graham, Grider, Hampton,
Harmanson, Harper, Henley, Herrick, Hilliard,
Elias B. Holmes, Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins,
John W. Houston, George S. Houston, Edmund
W. Hubard, S. D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washing-
ton Hunt, Hunter, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Andiew
Johnson, George W. Jones, Daniel P. King, T.
B. King, Leake, Leib, La Sere, Lewis, Levin,
Long, Lumpkin, McConnell, McGaughey, Mc-
Henry, "Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller, Morse, Mose-
ley, Owen, Parish, Phelps, Pollock, Price, Ram-
sey, Rathbun, Reid, Rhett, Julius Rockwell, John
A. Rockwell, Root, Schenck, Seaman, Seddon,
Severance, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H.Sims,
Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Stanton, St. John, Strohm, Thi-
bodeaux, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson, Jacob
Thompson, Thurman, Toombs, Trumbo, Vinton,
White, Winthrop, Woodward, Wright, Yancey,
Yell, and Young—119.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, James
Black, Bowlin, Brinkerhoff,Brockenbrough, Brod-
head, Chase, Chipman, Collin, Cummins, Cun-
ningham, Daniel, De Mott, Dillingham, Douglass,
Dromgoole, Dunlap, Edsall, Ellsworth, Erdman,
Faran, Foster, Fries, Goodyear, Grover, Hamlin,
Haralson, Hoge, Hough, Hungerford, J. B. Hunt,
Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson,
Seaborn Jones, Kennedy, Preston King, McLean,
McClelland, McClernand, McDowell, John P.
Martin, Barclay Martin, Morris, Moulton, Niven,
Norris, Payne, Perrill, Ritter, Roberts, Russell,
Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Strong, Sykes, Jas.
Thompson, Tibbatts, Wentworth, Wheaton,
Wick, Williams, Woodworth, and Yost—GG.
So the House decided that Mr. Farlee (the con-
testant) was not entitled to a seat.
Mr. HAMLIN then offered the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That John Runk is not entitled to a
seat in this House.
Mr. EWING raised a point of order.
The SPEAKER overruled it.
Some conversation followed on the point of or-
der. Mr. HAMLIN demanded the previous ques-
tion on his resolution.
Mr. HOPKINS, for the purpose, he said, of
bringing the matter to a final test, moved that the
whole subject be laid on the table.
Mr. 11. asked the yeas and nays thereon, which
wore ordered, and,being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Stephen Adams, Ar-
nold, Baker, Barringer, Bcdmger, Bell, Blanchard,
Milton Brown, William G. Brown, Bullington,
William W. Campbell, John It. Campbell, Ctu-
roll, John G. Chapman, A. A. Chapman, Reu-
ben Chapman, Cobb, Cocke, Collamer, Cran
ston, Croy.ier, Cullom, Culver, Delano, Dixon,
Dobbin, Dockery, John II. Ewing, Edward H.
liwing, Foot, Gentry, Giddmgs, Graham, Grider,
Hamilton, Harper, Horriek, Hilliard, Elias B.
Holmes, Isaac. E. Holmes, Hopkins, John W.
Houston, Edmund W. llubnrd, Samuel 1). Hub-
bard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Hunter, Joseph
11. Ingersoll, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Daniel P. King, Thomas B. King, Leib, Lewis,
Levin, Long, McConnell, jVlrGuaghey,McIIcnry,
Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller, Moseley, Pollock, Price,
Ramsey, Reid, Julius Rockwell, John^A. Rock-
well, Root, Schenck, Seaman, Seddon, Severance,
Alexander D. Sims, Leonard [I. Sinis, Truman
Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Strohm,
Thibodeaux, Thomasson, lienjaimn Thompson,
Thurman, Toombs, Trumbo, Vmton, White,
Winthrop, Wright, Yell, and Young—03.
NAYS—Messrs. J. ti. Adams, Anderson, At-
kinson, Bayly, James Black, Jas. A. IMock, Bow-
lin, Boyd, Bi iiikerhoif, Broc.kenbrounh, Biodhead,
Cathcart, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Collin, Con-
stable, Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Jefferson
Davis, De Mott, Dillingham, Douglass, Drom-
goole, Dunlap, Edsall, Ellsworth, Eidman, Faran,
Ficklin, Foster, Fries, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon,
Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Harmanson, Henley,
Hoge, Hough, George S. Houston, Hungerford,
James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jenkins,
James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Seaborn
Jones, Kennedy, Preston King, Lawrence, Leake,
La Sere, Ligon, McClean, McClelland, McCler-
nand, McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Bar-
clay Martin, Morris, Morse, Moulton, Niven,
Norris, Owen, Parish, Payne, Perrill, Perry,
Phelps, Rathbun, Rhett, Ritter, Roberts, Russell,
Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Simpson, St. John,
Strong, Sykes, James Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Tibbatts, Wentworth, Wheaton, Wick, Wil-
liams, Wood, Woodward, Woodworth, Yancey,
and Yost—99.
So the whole subject was not laid on the table.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question, and there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL asked for the reading
of tiic resolution; which was read.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the resolution of Mr. Hamlin, and resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Bayly,
James Black, James A. Black, Bowlin, Boyd,
Brinkerhoff, Brockenbrough, Brodhead, Cathcart,
Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Collin, Constable, Cum-
mins, Cunningham, Daniel, Jefferson Davis, De
Mott, Dillingham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dunlap,
Edsall, Ellsworth, Erdman, Faran, Ficklin, Fos-
ter, Fries, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Grover, Ham-
lin, Haralson, Harmanson, Henley, Hoge, Hough,
G eorge S. Houston, Hungerford, James B. Hunt,
Charles J. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James H. Johnson,
Joseph Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Kennedy, Preston
King, Leake, La Sere, Ligon, McClean, McClel-
land, McClernand, McDowell, McKay, John P.
Martin, Barclay Martin, Morris, Morse, Moulton,
Niven, Norris, Owen, Parish, Payne, Perrill,
Perry, Phelps, Rhett, Ritter, Roberts, Russell,
Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Simpson, Thomas
Smith,St. John, Strong, Sykes, James Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Wentworth, Whea-
ton, Wick, Williams, Woodward, Woodworth,
Yancey, and Yost—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Gluiney Adams,
Stephen Adams, Arnold, Baker, Barringer,Bedin-
ger, Bell, Blanchard, Milton Brown, William G.
Brown, Buffington, W. W. Campbell, John H.
Campbell, Carroll, J. G. Chapman, Augustus A.
Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Cobb, Cocke, Col-
lamer, Cranston, Crozier, Cullom, Culver, Garrett
Davis, Delano, Dixon, Dobbin, Dockery, John IT.
Ewing, Edwin H. Ewing, Foot, Gentry, Gid-
dmgs, Graham, Grider, Hampton, Harper, Her-
rick, Milliard, Elias B. Holmes, IsaaeE. Holmes,
Hopkins, John W. Houston, Edmund W. Hub-
ard, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washington
Hunt, Hunter, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Andrew John-
soil, George W. Jones, Daniel P. King, Thomas
Butler King, Leib, Lewis, Levin, Long, Lump-
kin, McConnell, McGaughey, McHenry, Mcll-
vainc, Marsh, Miller, Moseley, Pollock, Price,
Ramsey, Reid, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rock-
well, Root, Schenck, Seaman, Seddon, Severance,
Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Truman
Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Strohm,
Thibodeaux, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson,
Thurman, Toombs, Trumbo, Vmton, White, Win-
throp, Wright, Veil, and Young—96.
Yeas 96, nays 96; [a tie vote.]
The SPEAKER voted ill the negative.
So the vote stood—yeas 96, nays 97.
A burst of applause followed, which the Speak-
er peremptorily checked.
So the resolution was rejected.
The result of this vote is, that Mr. Runk retains
his seat.
After this vote was announced, Mr. BAYLY
rose and said: Mr. Speaker, if this question had
been carried by one vote, I should have moved a
reconsideration; and if I could have anticipated
that the vote would have been so close, I should
not have voted, for 1 had promised a colleague,
[Mr. Pendleton,] who differed in opinion with
me about this matter, who desired to go on yes-
terday afternoon to Baltimore to join his fam-
ily, that 1 would not vote to-day, if my vote would
change the result. In no other event did 1 agree to
" tie off." However, yoxtr vote has settled the
matter, and there is no occasion for me to with-
diaw my vote, as it would not change the result.
A PERSONAt, EXPLANATION.
Mr. SAWYER rose, and, by leave, made a
personal explanation in reference to a letter from
this city which had appeared in the " New York
Tribune," purporting to be a description of some
of the personal habits of Mr. S., and otherwise of
a very scurrilous and abusive character.
The reason assigned by Mr. S. for bringing the
matter before the House was, not to ask any in-
terference on its part, but to say that he had been
unable to fix the letter on any individual—the one
who was the reputed correspondent denying the
authorship—and to give noticc that in future, when
attacks of this kind were made upon him, he should
take the matter into his own hands.
[The reporter does not go into explanation, fur-
ther than necessary to render intelligible the sub-
sequent action of the House.]
Mr. BRINKERHOFF offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the reporters or letter-writers of
the " New York Tribune" be expelled from this
House.
And Mr. B. demanded the previous question.
