460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March &
Here Mr. Polk expressed the opinion that the
Union ought never to have been " dismembered"
by the separation of Texas. Did the speech of
the Senator from North Carolina sustain the prin-
ciple^ tins declaration? Let the worldjudge.
[Mr. H. went on to read another extract, where
it was declared we ought to asseit and hold our
right of dominion over the whole territory of the
republic.]
Who, then, defines the limits of Oregon? Has
not the President himself defined them in his Mes-
sage ?
Mr. H. then quoted from the President's Mes-
sage the following paragraph:
"The extraordinary and wholly inadmissible
' demands of the British Government, and the re-
4 jection of the proposition made in deference alone >
' to what had been done my predecessors, and the j
' implied obligation which their acts seemed to im- !
' pose, afford satisfactory evidence that no com- ]
' promise which the United States ought to ac- .
' cept can be effected. With this conviction, the j
' proposition of compromise which had been made !
• and rejected was, by my direction, subsequently j
' withdrawn, and our title to the whole Oregon
4 territory asserted, and, as is believed, maintained
4 by irrefragable facts and arguments."
What does the President here claim? Up to
54° 40'—every inch of it. He has asserted that
claim, and is, as he says, sustained by " irrefraga-
ble facts and arguments." But this is not all: I
hold tliat the language of the Secretary of State is
tiie language of the President of the United States;
and has not Mr. Buchanan, in his last communi-
cation to Mr. Pakenham, named 54° 40' in so many
words? He ha<s. The President adopts this lan-
guage as his own. He plants himself on 54° 40'.
1 well remember that the President was the choice
neither of myself nor—-1 beg his pardon, I should
have named the Senator first—neither of the Sena-
tor from North Carolina nor of myself. Neither
of us preferred him. Both of us had another
choice. And I must confess I am most happy to
rpo that, since his flection, he has grown so much
in favor with my friend from jNorth Carolina as to
induce hnn to come here with a valorous defence
against attacks never made—never made, sir. Out
this 1 will say—and make it attack, if you please—
if the President has betrayed that standard which
the Baltimore convention put into his hands, and
whereby he committed himself to the country, into
lie tickled our ears? He is mistaken. "Texas
and Oregon " cannot be divided; they dwell to-
gether in the American heart. Even in Texas, I
have been told the flag of the lone star had inscribed
on it the name of Oregon. Then it was all Oregon.
Now, when you have got Texas, it means just so
much of Oregon as you in your kindness and con-
descension think proper to give us. You little
know us, if you think the mighty West will be
trodden on in this way. Let gentlemen look at
their own recorded votes in favor of taking "up the
Oregon bill at the close of the last session, and then
let them look at the language of that bill, and see
if it did not propose to take possession of Oregon
up to 54° 4U', after giving unqualified notice to
(iieat Britain that the convention must cease. At
that time we still held Texas in our hands; and
this was a test question; and every man in the Sen-
ate voted for it save the Senator who sat there,
(understood to refer to Mr. McDoffik,) and the
peerless Huger. And that most excellent Senator
[Huger] had afterwards told him that he had vo-
ted in the negative because it was suggested to him
that unless he did so the civil and diplomatic bill
would fail which was then pending; but 011 further
conversation and consideration he wished to move
a reconsideration of the vote, but his friends would
not consent that it should be done. In the House
of Representatives but four out of fifty Southern
Democrats had voted against the bill. These were
the reasons given to him why he should not dis-
trust the South on the question of Oregon; the re-
sults were now manifesting themselves; and let the
speech just concluded by the Senator from North
Carolina show whether or not he was justified in
his distrust.
The Senator, in liis defence of the President,
put language into his mouth which 1 undertake to
say the President will repudiate, and 1 am not the
President's champion. X wish not to be his cham-
pion. I would not be the champion of power. I
defend the right, and the right only. But, for the
President, 1 deny the intentions, which the Senator
from North Carolina attributes to him—intentions
which, if really entertained by him, would make
him an infamous man—ay, an infamous man. He
[Mr. Haywood] told the Senate yesterday—unless
1 grossly misunderstood him, along with several
i friends around me—" that the President had occa-
i sioually suckings-in, parenthetically, to gratify—
' what?—the ultraisms of the country and of party
the hands of the enemy, I will not do, us the Sun- |! whilst he reposed m the White House with no in-
ator from North Carolina threatens, turn my back "   *  ' *u~' l""' 1
upon him—I suppose lie cares little whether both
of us do that—but X shall hold him recreant to the
principles which he professed, recreant to the
trust which he accepted, recreant to the generous
confidence which a majority of the people reposed
m him. I shall rfot abandon the principles of the
democratic party. X shall not abate one jot or tittle
of the pt-meiplcs we gave to the country then; X
shall sustain them; but I shall hold and exercise
[jie privilege of speaking of him in the language ;
of tiuth and fearlessness. The Senator from Not th
Carolina attempted to speak of the resolution of I
the Baltimore convention. 1 a k him if he serious- '
ly meant Ins statement of it as a fair exhibition of
its substance? If so, it was unworthy of the Sen- i
ator to—
Mr. HAYWOOD. I took the resolution from I
Mr. Breese's speech—the only place I belie\e I
ever saw it. Here it is: !
" Itesnlvcd, That our title to the whole of the
< territory of Oregon is clear and unquestionable;
' that 110 portion of the same ought to be ceded to
' England or any other Power; and that the re-
' occupation of Oregon, and the reannexation of
' Texas at the earliest practicable period, are great
£ American measures, which the convention re-
' commends to the cordial support of the democ-
' racy of the Union."
Mr. HANNEGAN. There is a great deal of
difference between that and the statement of it giv-
en by the Senator. The Democratic party is thus
bound to the whole of Oregon—every foot of it;
and let the Senator rise in his place who will tell
me in what quarter of this Union—in what assem-
bly of Democrats in this Union, pending the Presi-
dential election, the names of Texas and Oregon did
not fly together, side by side, on the Democratic
banners. Everywhere they were twins—every-
where they were united. Does the Senator from
North Carolina suppose that he, with his appeals
to the Democracy, can blind Our eyes, as he thinks
tcntions of carrying out these parenthetical stick-
mgs-in." In plain words, lie represents the Presi-
dent as parenthetically sticking in a few hollow
and false words to cajole the " ultraisms of the
country?" What is this, need 1 ask, but, charging
upon the President conduct the most vile aiid infa-
mous ? If this allegation be true, these intentions
1 of the President must sooner oi later come to
; light, and when brought to light what must fol-
I low but irretrievable disgrace? So long as one
j human eye remains to linger on the page of liis-
| tory, the story of his abasement will be read, send-
. nig htm and his name together to an infamy so pro-
j found, a damnation so deep, that the hand of resur-
rection will never be able to diag him forth. He
! who is the traitor to his country can never have
j forgiveness of God, and cannot ask mercy of man.
I asked the Senator whether he came here charged
1 with missives from the President, or whether he
I assumed the dogmatic style on liis own responsi-
i bility, and 
Mr. MANGUM. I call the Senator to order.
] I protest against these remarks.
Mr. HAYWOOD. Let him proceed.
'1 Mr. MANGUM. I withdraw my objection.
i1 Mr. HANNEGAN. Let me say one thing to
ij the Senator from North Carolina over the way,
! [Mr. Maxri-m,] that if I have uttered one syllable
ii disrespectful to the Senator.it has not been my
| intention. If he apprehended that I was in dan-
;j ger of saying anything disrespectful, I thank him
1 for his kind hint. I shall not forget the place
where 1 am, and the respect which I owe myself.
I reply in the same spirit in which the Senator
spoke. I have 110 personal motives; I am speak-
ing to principles, and using, as he did, plain lan-
guage. We were told that this question was agi-
tated in the country for the purpose of putting
small men into large offices. I have seen small
men in large offices before to-day. " Small men
in large offices!" "The country agitated to put
small men in large offices!" Those who live in
glass houses should not throw stones. The prov-
erb is somerwhat stale, but it is a salutary one; and
even some great men may occasionally be remind*
ed of it to their profit. Let me tell the Senator
frow. North Carolina, that, for my own part, I
would much sooner be fotind a small man seeking
a high place, than the subservient, pliant, Supple
tool—the cringing flatterer, the'fawning sycophant,
who crouches before power, and hurries from its
back stairs to bring before the Senate its becks',
and nods, and wreathed smiles. The last steamer
from Europe, it is said, puts this question in such
a position, that for Oregon we can £et free trade.
Free trade I love dearly; but never will it be bought
by me by the territory of my country. He who
would entertain such an idea is a traitor to his
country. I speak for myself, and my own section
of the country. Free trade for a surrender of the
ports and harbors on the Pacific? Never, sir;
never. Whence this movement for free trade on
the part of England ? Does not every one know
that she has been driven into this course by the
outcries of starving millions? that she has been
forccd into this policy by the landowners, to save
their lives from the knife of the midnight assas-
sin, and their palaces from the torch of the prowl-
ing incendiary? But the West is to be provided
for; it is to have a new and most profitable mar-
ket. Some of us know that from the Baltic Eng-
land would get her wheat long before we could
send a ton into her market. I advert to this sim-
ply because I do not know thatl shall have another
opportunity to do so. I have only to add, that so
far as the whole tone, spirit, and meaning of the
remarks of the Senator from North Carolina are
concerned, if they speak the language of James
K. Polk, James K. Polk has spoken words of
falsehood, and with the tongue of a serpent.
Mr. ALLEN rose, but
Mr. EVANS obtaining the floor, moved that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was carried, and the Senate accord-
ingly adjourned.
The following Resolution, introduced by Mr]
Semple on Monday last, was inadvertently omit-
ted in the proper place:
Resolution of the General Assembly of Illinois, con-
cerning the Oregon Territory.
Whereas the territory of Oregon, extending from the 42d
to and beyond tlie Mtli degree of north latitude, upon the
coast of the Pacific ocean, 1* a part of the United States ter-
ritory, the title to which is not obscured by a single doubt;
and whereas our hardy pioneers and fellow-citizens are
there with their flocks and herds, their wives and children,
their rifles and bibles, and all the ineipieney of the social
state, forming a portion of that great community, extending
from the wrested bounds of Madawaska on the east, to the
mouth of tile Columbia on the west r And wheieas the nation
who, by Her diplomatic skill and system of national aggran-
dizement, made the eneroaehmefit upon our northeastern
territory, has a band of trappers, hunters, and dependents,
with a few stockades and some trading establishments, by
which tliey influence and overawe the aborigines and hold
possession of a targe portion of the Oregon territory: And
wliereas, by our treaty stipulations with Great Britain, we
itre bound to give twelve months' notice of our intenuon
to occupy said territory, which must be considered by the
members of the holy alliance not only as a friendly invita-
tion for a false claimant to withdraw, but for them also not
to interfere m our just and legal territorial acquisitions, but
to remain at home, on the other side of the Atlantic, secu-
ring their own possessions and strengthening their feudal
tenures with lead and gunpowder, without conferring a sin-
gle boon upon the aspirants for freedom: Therefore,
lie it resolved by the General Jist>emhly of the State of Illi-
rnits, That our Senators be instructed, and our Representa-
tives requested, to use their best endeavors to procure the
passage of a resolution 111 Congress, to give notice to Great
Britain of the intention of the United States to be the sole
occupants of the said territory of Oregon, and to abrogate
the first and second articles of the treaty of the 6th day of
August, A. D. 1827.
Passed February 27, 1845.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 5, 1845.
The Journal of yesterday was read and appro-
ved.
The SPEAKER said that the business first in
order would he the call of the committees for re-
ports.
NEW JERSEY CONTESTED ELECTION- •
Mr. REID rose, and moved a reconaderttitfn of
the vote by which the House had yesterday deci-
ded that Mr. Ruttk was entitled tt> hisfett iB- mis
House, as the Representative K>n-
gressional district of NewJefsay;
