1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
Mr. R. said that he had riot made this motion
with any view to change his vote, but simply to
satisfy several gentlemen who were not present
when the vote was taken. He would inquire
whether the motion to reconsider was debatable ?
The SPEAKER said it was.
Mr. REID then demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. According to the recollection
of the Chair, the gentleman voted with the majority.
Mr. REID said he had done so.
Mr. S. JONES and Mr. PAYNE moved that
there be a call of the House; which motion was
decided in the affirmative.
So a call of the House was ordered.
The Clerk called the roll, and one hundred and
fifty-nine members answered to their names; and
the names of the absentees having been called,one
hundred and eighty-five members appeared to be
present.
The doors of the Hall were then closed.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved that all further proceed-
ings on the call be dispensed with.
Mr. WINTHROP demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. TIBBATTS withdrew the motion.
Mr. McCONNELL renewed it.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, were, yeas 63, nays 120; so the Ilousc de-
cided that further proceedings on the call should
not be dispensed with.
Mr. RLID then said, that if the House would
suspend further proceedings on the call, he
would, as much time had already been consumed,
withdraw his motion to reconsider.
Objections were made.
Excuses were then offered, in one or two cases,
for absent members.
After which, and before the names of the absen-
tees had been called through for excuses, further
proceedings, on motion of Mr. BAKER, wore dis-
pensed with.
Mr. REID said, that at the request of several
gentlemen near him, ho would withdraw his motion
to reconsider.
Mr. LEAKE inquired of the Speakei whether
the motion could be withdrawn except by unani-
mous consent.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman had the right
to withdraw.
So the motion to reconsider was withdrawn.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to eall for re-
ports from committees.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Milita-
ry Affairs, to which the petitions upon the subjcct
were referred, reported a bill making appropria-
tions for works of military defence at the mouth of
Genesee river, New York, accompanied by a re-
port in writing; which bill was read a first and sec-
ond time, and committed.
Mr. J. DAVIS, by leave, presented a resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Mississippi, in-
structing their Senators and requesting their Rep-
resentatives to sustain the recommendations of the
President of the United States in relation to the
I'eduction and graduation of the piice of the public
lands; also, in relation to an alteration of the pre-
emption law, and to use their exertions to pro-
cure patents for all lands donated to the State of
Mississippi; which resolution was laid upon the
table.
Mr. NIVEN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made an adverse report upon the petition
of John Dorsey; which was ordered to lir on the
table.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be discharged from the consideration of
the petitions of Pearson Freeman, John Taylor,
and the widow of Ebenezer Storer, and that they
be laid upon the table.
Mr, ATKINSON made adverse reports upon
the petitions of Joseph Mace, Sarah Miles, and
Christopher Moon; also, upon the resolution of the
House of the 19th December last, relative to com-
pensation to disbursing pension agents; which
were laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. ATKINSON,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be discharged from the consideration of
the petition of Timothy Cook, and that it be refer-
red to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
On motion of Mr. A. also,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be discharged from the consideration of
the petition of Daniel Flick, and that the petitioner
have leave to withdraw his petition.
Mr. YELL gave notice of a motion for leave to
introduce a bill to establish a board of commis-
sioners to settle certain claims against the United
States.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which petitions upon the subject were
referred, reported a bill to found a military asylum
for the relief and support of invalid soldieis of the
army of the United States, accompanied by a re-
port in writing; which bill was read twice, and
committed.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made a report upon the memorial of Capt.
George W. Taylor, accompanied by a joint reso-
lution for testing Capt. George W. Taylor's plans
for submarine harbor defence; which resolution
was iead twiee and committed.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL P. KING,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be discharged from the consideration of the
petition of Michael Sparty,and that it be referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. I1ERR1CK, fiom the same committee,
made an adverse report upon the petition of Peter
Dyget's heirs; wluch was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. 13. also, from the same committee, made a
report upon the petition of the legal lepresenta-
tives of Lieutenant Francis Ware, accompanied
by a bill for their lelief; which bill was read twice
and committed.
Mr. YELL, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, to which wart i el cried the bill lrom the Sen-
ate eniitlrd uAa act for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of treoige Duval, a Cherokee Indian,*'
reported the same without amendment.
Ordered, That said bill be committed.
Mr. I. K. 1101,i\IKS, from the Committee on
Naval Allans, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to, wz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected torepoit to tins House what provisions of
law are nece.vsaiy to eil'eci the retrenchments leeom-
mended in his annual report, and without which
his estimate foi pay of (he navy may pio\e de-
iicient,; and also what piovisions of law are re-
quisite to insure the moie exact accountability of
disbursing ollieeis in that branch of the public
service,
Mr. LIAMPTON, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, made a report upon the peti-
tion of Mari^uet Gwnmup, accompanied by a bill
for her relief; which bill was read twice and com-
muted.
On motion of Mr. WOODWORTH,
Jiesolved, That the petition and papers of Ilenry
A. Livingston, on winch an udveise report was
made the piescnt session, be iccomnuttcd to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. HOGE,
Revolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail-route from Peru,
in La Salle county, to New Boston, in Mercer
county, in the State of Illinois; and also into the
expediency of increasing the present mail service
on the route from New Boston to Wappello, m the
Territory of Iowa.
Mr. DROMGOOLE, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported sundry amendments
proposed to be oilered to the bill to provide for the
better oxgam/.ation of the Tieasuiy, and for the
collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement
of the public revenue; which amendments were
committed to the Committee of the Whole House
on the state of the Union.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, made a report upon the petition of
Richard Hargrove Lee, accompanied by a bill for
his relief; which bill was read twice and commit-
ted.
On motion of Mr. SEABORN JONES,
Ot dared, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be discharged from the consideration of the petition
of Wm. Hogan, administrator of Michael Hogan,
deceased, and that it be referred to the Committee
of Claims.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. McKAY, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year ending 30th
June, 1847; which bill was read twice and commit-
ted.
Mr. GORDON, from the Committee of Claims,
made adverse reports upon the cases of James
Mitchell, Wm. Marshall,and James Meads; which
were laid upon the table.
Mr. LEAKE, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the case of Caleb Bell,
administrator of Matthew Bell, and of Jeremiah
Carpenter, deceased; which was laid upon the
table.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, made an adverse report upon the peti-
tion of Smith, Thurgar, & McCall; which report
was laid upon the table.
Mi. GILES, from the Committee on Commerce,
made an unfavorable report upon the petition of
Josiah Sturgis; which report was laid upon the
table.
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the bill in relation
to assignees in bankruptcy, reported the same
without amendment, and recommended that it be
rejected; which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. PETTIT,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be discharged from the consideration of the petition
of citizens of Mississippi for the release of Alvah
Wilson and Wilham A. McWilham, as sureties of
Win. If. limes, late Postmaster at Lexington,
JV1 issis&ippi.
Mr. GRIDftH, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claim
of the admim
ss, made a report upon the petition
strator of Colonel Francis Taylor,
deceased, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which bill was read twice and committed.
Mr. CLARKE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionniy Chums, made an adverse report upon
the case of the heirs-at-law of William Cherry;
which ieport was laid upon the table.
Mr. DANIEL, fiom the Committee of Claims,
made adverse reports upon the cases of Guy Car-
penter and John Chaffee; which reports were laid
upon the table.
Mr. POLLOCK, from the same committee!,
made a report upon the case of Amelia Hrereton,
accompanied by a bill for her relief; which bill
was read twice and committed.
Mr. POLLOCK, from the same committee,
made an adverse report upon the case of the rep-
resentatives of James Rumsey; which was laid
upon the table.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL, from the same
committee, made an adverse report upon the case
of the heir of Matthew Scoby; which was laid upon
the (able.
On motion of Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL,
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
chutged from the consideration of the petition of
W. T. Stockton, of Florida, and that it be refer-
red to the Committee 011 the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. CROZIER asked leave to present a memo-
rial and resolution from the Legislature of the
State of Tennessee, praying Congress to make an
appropriation to remove obstructions to naviga-
tion in the Tennessee river, and to declare Chatta-
nooga and Knoxville ports of entry.
Mr. C. remarked that the memorial and resolu-
tion had been in his possession for several days,
but being printed, and nothing appearing upon the
face of the paper to show where it had been print-
ed, and not having received any official communi-
cation from the Governor of Tennessee that any
such memorial and resolution had passed the
Legislature of that State, he had delayed its pre-
sentation with the expectation of receiving some-
thing in a more authentic shape fiom the Execu-
tive of his State. Not having received anything
of this kind from the Executive, lie was compel-
led to present the memorial upon the testimony of
the newspapers from his State. He moved that
the memorial and resolution be laid upon the table
and printed.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL asked leave to of-
fer the following resolution, which was read for
information, but, having been objected to, was not
received:
