462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire as to the expediency of
establishing by law infeiior courts of the United
States for the trial of maritime causes involving a
small pocuiuaiy amount and minor offences under
the penal law of the United States, and to report
by bill or otherwise.
A motion was made by Mr. HOPKINS that
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
be discharged from the consideration of the peti-
tion of Farley D. Thompson and others, sureties
of Chileon White, to he released from all liability
arising from the defalcation of said White while
postmaster at Lagrange, Alabama, and that it be
laid upon the table.  
Mr. G, S. HOUSTON moved the recommit-
ment of the subject, with instructions to release the
petitioners from the amount of defalcation of a per-
son therein mentioned, (name not heard.)
AL-. H. sustained the motion m remarks of some \
length. j
Mr. HOPKINS opposed it;
And, after gome conversation, the morning hour i
having expired, the subject was laid over until to- j
morrow morning, j
HARBORS AiYD RIVERS. |
Mr. TIBBATTSoffered aresolutionin the usual j
form, providing that all debate on the bill making !
Appropriations for the improvement of certain liar- S
burs and rivers, should terminate on Tuesdaynext, j
at two oVlook. j
Mr. COBB remarked that after to-day there was i
but one day intervening between this and the time j
at which it was proposed that the debute should)1
he closed, winch could be given to the discussion tj
of this bill. Friday and Saturday were private bill h
days. " j'
lie moved, therefore, that the resolution he laid <1
on the table. "(j
Th<> motion having prevailed, the resolution was ;i
laid on the table. ,;
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved !;
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Conn, of Georgia, in the chair.)
Mr. AJcKAY moved to postpone the further con-
sideration of the rivei find harbor bill, in order that
the committee might take up the hill to supply de-
ficiencies in appropriations for the present year.
Some of these appropriations (Mr. McK. said)
were deficient, and it was requisite for the House
to tnke nction in regaid to them.
Mr. TIBBATTS suggested that the gentlenian
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hudson] was entitled to
the floor, and that, therefore, the motion to post-
pone could not be made without his consent.
The CHAIRMAN so decided.
Mr. HUDSON said he did not yield the floor.
Mr. COBB snid, then the gentleman was entitled
to it, and would proceed with his remarks.
Mr. AIcKAY was understood to say, that he
made the motion, supposing that the °entleman
fiom Massachusetts [Mr. Hudson] would acqui-
esce in it.
So the committee resumed the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for rivers and har-
bors
And Mr. HUDSON took the floor.
When the committee last rose, the point of order j
had been raided that it was not in order on tins bill i
to a-o into a discussion on the tariff. j
The Chairman had decided that it irus in order, j
An appeal had been taken. j
And the question now recurred, is Shall the de- '
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the :
committee?" and, being taken, was decided in the \
affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed. j
Mr. HUDSON accoidingly proceeded with his ,
remarks:
Mr. HUDSON resumed the remarks in which }
he had been broken off at a former dav. The !
point at which he had then arrived was the capa- i
city of the English market to consume the bread- '
stuffs of foreign nations. They found, on looking
into official statements, that for the last fifteen !
years there had been brought into Great Britain, ;
and consumed each year, upon an average, !
30,900,000 bushels, from all parts of the world, j
They also found that this amount had fluctuated i
from 238,000 bushels, in one year, to S3,900,000
bushels—a fact highly important, as showing the
little dependence that could be placed by us and
by other nations on a market thus fluctuating. It
was also important to consider that our surplus
had varied as much as the demand of the English
market. In 1836, 1837, and 1838, we.had import-
ed largely into our own country, from Great Brit-
ain herself, almost half a million bushels of wheat
per'year The English production, owing to im-
provements in agriculture, was gaining- on the
English consumption. He referred to Drummond,
and another English writer, who argue that Eng-
land will, in piocess of time, produce all the grain
required for her consumption; and to the fact that,
in 1837 and 1838, their production was actually
so great as to exceed human wants, and their
wheat was fed to cattle, and used for purposes of
distillation.
In 1841,1842, and 1843, the imports into Great
Britain were unusually large—averaging about
eighteen million bushels per year. But of this
lav&e importation, what amount did the United j
States supply? Of the fifty-four millions of bushels
imported duiing these three yeais, he read fiom a
table showing the respective quota furnished by
vanons nations: some of whu-h weic-—Russia,
2,593,000 bushels*, Denmark, 3,099,000 bushels;
Prussia, 18,000,000 bushclw; the British North
American colonies, 0,854,000 bushels; and the
United States, 3,000,000 bushels. Thus, for these
three years of large importation into Great Britain,
Russia furnished nearly as much as the United
States-, Denmark more; and Prussia six times as
much as ihc United States. In fact, for these three
years, we supplied, in direct trade with Great
Britain, only about six per cent, of her imports.
The English market Mr. H. computed for a se-
ries of years to come at fifteen million bushels of
foreign  raiti; and judging from the past, we should
supply in direct trade only about one million, and
the other fourteen millions would come from the
continent of Europe. iXow, he wished to institute
the inquiry, whether the nations of the north of
Europe rould supply the English market, or w.heth-
er, in ease of a modification of the English corn-
laws, we could command that market. Lord Ah- ||
erdeen, in 1840,addressed a circular to the consuls Ji
at most of the marts of trade on the eastern conti- J
nent, inquiring as to the capacity of those countries
to supply the English demands. Returns from
twelve marts showed that those ports could ordi-
narily supply to Great Britain 17,779,000 bushels,
being two or three millions more tlum the average
of all the imports into Great Britain for six or eight
yeais m succession. Hence it appeared that the
British market could be supplied from the eastern
continent independently of the United States.
He next examined the financial ability of the
countries on the continent to supply the market of
England; and by referring to the prices of wheat
for twelve years in succession, at various ports,
principally m the north of Europe, he found that
the average price of wheat there was ninety cents,
while for the same time the average price in the
United States had been $1 20 (or 25) cents. But
calculating the differences in freights, exchange,
and other advantages and disadvantages of the
United States, compared with the continental na-
tions for the supply of the English market, he ar-
med at a balance of at least twenty cents per bushel
for the last ten or fifteen years against us. We
could not, then, in the event of the repeal or essen-
tial modification of the English corn-laws, compete
successfully with the north of Europe in the Eng-
lish market.
In this computation he had been speaking of our
direct trade with Great Britain. But for the last
three years we had sent three times the quantity
of grain to Canada, there to be manufactured into
| flour, and thence to find its way to England, that
[ had been sent direct to that country, for the reason
i that a nominal duty only had been imposed upon
| breadstutFs shipped from the British colonies.
| With the repeal of the English corn-laws, he ar-
  gued thatweshould lose the benefit of this indirect
I trade, being brought into direct competition m it
j as well as m our direct trade with the north of Eu-
; rope, which the experience of all past time had
' shown to be a most powerful competitor, and to
have supplied in fact more than rune-tenths of the
English market; and which was sustained by the
declarations of Lord Ashburton and other British
statesmen in Parliament, that the supply of Ameri-
ca, even through Canada, was a mere trifle, and
that nine-tenths of the supply of Great Britain was
from the north of Europe.
But we would undoubtedly be told, if the corn-
laws of England are repealed, or essentially modi-
fied, the English consumption will be greatly in-
creased. This he. admitted to a certain, though
not to a very considerable extent; but he urged,
that with the reduction of the price of grain in
Great Britain, would also come an equal or greater
reduction of wages in tfiat country.
Mr. H. produced many more statistics, and en-
tered into other arguments to show that the bene-
fits promised us from the repeal of the British corn-
laws could never be realized; and that even if the
liberal policy anticipated were to be carried out in
that country—now that she had risen to her supe-
rior eminence in agriculture, manufacture, and
wealth-—it would undoubtedly he for the result of
self-interest, which had ever been well-looked to
by her, and would constitute no reason for a like
policy on our part, unless it was judged to be for
our interest, in proof that it would not be jfoJr'dar
interest, he referred to the destruction of-our home
market, which lie argued would be consequent,
which maiket was far more valuable—the State of
Massachusetts consuming annually more than
three times the amount of breadstuffs sent to Great
Britain, and the New England States more than all
our exports to foreign nations.
On this point, Mr. Ii. yielded to an inquiry
by Mr. Bayly; and he was proceeding in his re-
marks when his hour expired, and he resumed his
seat,
Mr. "PETTIT obtained the floor, and after some
conversation, proceeded to address the committee.
He was very happy, lie said, although the com-
mittee might not be, that he had got the floor.
This was, at least, speaking within bounds, the
fiftieth time that he had tried for the floor at this
session, and he had never obtained the floor to
make a speech. He had not now risen with the
view of answering at length the remarks of the
gentleman who had just taken his seat. This was
the story which he bad heard repealed from every
stump m his district at least a thousand times, and
which he had heard here as many times as there
were seats upon the floor. He would only advert
to one remark of that gentleman in the conclusion
of his speech. He would ask of that gentleman,
and of all gentlemen upon that floor, whether the
great bulwark, the strong argument uniformly
ur^ed in favor of a high tariff was not, that Great
Britain would not reduce her tariff? Let Great
Britain give us reciprocity, it had been uniformly
urged upon this floor, in the teeming arguments in
the public press, and by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts himself—let her.admit our breadstuffs
free of duty, and then we will rcduce our tariff.
But just so soon as this boon was offered—as soon
as Great Britain proposed a reduction of her corn
laws—-just so soon were we told that, should Great
Britain do it, so far from benefiting ns, it will do
us positive injury! Such were the inconsistencies
and prevarications to which the advocates of a
high tariff were driven in support of their favorite
scheme!
To a casual observer the whole course of the
gentleman's remarks might, perhaps, be thought
out of place upon this bill; but after a close con-
sideration of the subject, Mr. P. has discovered
their application. The bill before the committee
proposed to facilitate the commerce of the country.
The gentleman might take any course of reasoning
he saw fit; and in the exercise of this liberty, he
insisted, notwithstanding the different dogmas
which he now adopted, upon a high protective
tariff. What (Mr. P. asked) was more calculated
to cripple commerce, to shut up the ports of the
| world against us, to furl instead of unfurling our
! sails, than this very policy? The system of a high
i protective tariff carried out in the legislation of the
! country would do more injury to commerce than a
ji thousand such appropriations as were proposed
!j by this bill would do good. In this way, although
it the gentleman was a professed friend of the bill,
Sj his very course of reasoning would tend to its de-
|| struction.
ij Having now done with tariff and anti-tariff ar-
guments, Mr. P. proceeded to notice the position
ij which had been taken by the gentleman from Vir-
ti 2,inia (referring to Sir. Bayly) in this debate. And-
\1 before further proceeding, it might not be amiss
i ! for him to say that not one dollar of the approprf-
'i ations proposed by this bill would be expanded
j within his district, or within one" kondredkiiles
j from his residence, and nearly thai froih'.&hj? por-
I tion of his district. He thefefore could Mot be sus-
