1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
pected of feeling any immediate local interest in it.
Nor should he have addressed the committee upon
this subject, but from the unheard-of doctrine pro-
mulgated here, and from the construction attempted
to be given to the Constitution by the gentleman
from Virginia. Mr. P. had always considered
himself a strict constructionist; but he found gen-
tlemen at times strict constructionists, whoatother
times could find an apology and authority in the
Constitution for any and all acts "which they wished
to perform. But he was utterly surprised when
he had found in the remarks of the gentleman from
Virginia these words:
" This Government was established with the
' view of regulating our external concerns, leaving
' all internal matters to be regulated by the States;
' and the providing a way for commerce did not
' come within the purview of those matters over
' which Congress lias jurisdiction."
To that view Mr. P. utterly dissented.
Mr. BAYLY, who had been apparently listen-
ing with great astonishment to this allusion to
himself, (having taken the " Union" from which
Mr. P. had read,) rose and stated that the extract
was not from his remarks (as he had not spoken
upon this question,) but from the speech of the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Payne.] He could
not be held responsible for others' sins, if they had
committed any.
Mr. PAYJNE. I am responsible for all mine.
Mr. PETTIT, receiving the correction, renewed
his remarks in reply to Mr. Payne. Was it true
(he asked) that this Government was created only
for the regulation of our "external" concerns?
This was the very reverse of the doctrine which
had always boon acted upon. He said more; there
was no such thing us attending to our external con-
cerns without coupling them directly or indirectly
with our internal concerns. We could not send a
Minister abroad, except for internal purposes—for
purposes of peace and prosperity at home. We
could neither raise, maintain, or equip an army or
navy exccpt for the protection of interests at home.
But, in the plain words of the Constitution, was
the establishments of "post olltce.s and post roads"
—the transportation of the mail from one end of
the country to the other—an external concern ? 1V1 r
P. read from the Constitution the grants of power
to Congress "to borrow money on the credit of the
United Slates;" "to regulate commerce among
the several States and with the Indian tribes;" "to
establish a uniform rule of naturalization and uni-
form laws on the subject of bankruptcies through-
out the United States;" "to coin money," and va-
rious other grants—all which it needed 110 argu-
ment to show were exclusively internal concerns.
Nine-tenths of the provisions of the Constitution
(he said) were upon local and internal matters.
The power to regulate commerce with foreign na-
tions was an external concern ; but " among the
several States and with the Indian tribes" was in-
ternal, and was as unlimited as the power of this
Government to regulate commerce with France or
England. This grant covered the whole ground,
and conferred entire sovereignty over the subject
matter.
Noticing next the position taken by Mr. Riiett,
he sportively (and without intending any disre-
spect to that gentleman) compared it to that of a
witness of whom he had heard, who, being called
upon to testify to the height of a horse, without much
reflection had testified instead of sixteen hands, that
he was sixteen feet high. On the cross-exanuna-
tion, being reminded of the dilference, with great
astonishment he asked, "Did 1 say sixteen feet!
Well, then, /stick to it." So with the gentleman
from South Carolina; having once asserted that this
Government has no power over internal improve-
ments, (which are absolutely necessary for the
'regulation" of commerce, and necessarily in-
cluded under its granted power over this subject,)
he stands here in the face of arguments, of truth,
and1 of all reason, and says, "I deny—-1 deny it."
He denies that the Government has any power to
appropriate for improvements upon our western
lakes and rivers, while he maintains that it has the
power to stud the whole ocean's coast with light-
houses and fortifications. But the gentleman did
not deny that Congress has the power to make ap-
propriations for the defence of Charleston.1 He did
not deny that Congress has the power " to pro-
vide and maintain a navy;" to expend millions in
building it, and to spread its sails to the breeze ;
but when driven by storms into port, he contends
that we have no power whatever to provide har-
bors for its protection, but must leave it to the
mercy of the elements. Congress has the power
" to raise and support armies;" but, according to
the doctrine of the gentleman, it has neither the
power to provide provisions, or clothing, or arma-
ments for them. This was the inevitable result of
the gentleman's reasoning. But the gentleman had
been very pathetic in his lamentations; which, like
that which in olden times was pronounced over
the dead corse of Csesar, he had uttered over the
sunken, withered, dying—ay, dead Constitution of
the country, and had presented himself as one of
the mourners. If the Constitution of the country
is effective only for harm, and has no power for
good; if it has only the power to oppress the peo-
ple, to draw from their hard earnings, and gives
no power to provide the means for the public pro-
tection, he (Mr. P.) said it ought to die, and few
mourners to be "found in its tram; it ought "un-
wept, unhonored, and unsung," to return to dust.
Having further exposed and commented upon
what he conceived to he the errors and fallacies of
the position of Mr. Riiett, Mr. P. proceeded to
show affiimatively upon what grounds he justified
the appropriation proposed by this bill. Ho went
not tor that wild, unlimited construction of the
Constitution which was charged upon one party 111
this country, nor for that narrow, restricted con-
struction charged upon a portion of the other par-
ty, which would make it powerless for good, while
ellective for evil and oppression; but avoiding ex-
tremes, he sought to give this instrument its coirect
construction. Under what clause, then, were the
approjnialions 111 this hill justified? lie answered,
under the grunt " to d« laic ivai," und fur the pur-
pose of eliectually carrying it on; " to raise and
support armies ;"and under the grunt " to regulate
commerce with foreign nations, and among the
several States, and with the Indian fribes." Un-
der the clause authorizing this Government to raise
and support armies, he argued at some length, was
necessarily included the power to clothe and Iced
them, and to transport them from place to place,
ami from post to post in the Union; to provide the
means of transportation, and to icinove obstacles
in the roads 011 which they might tiavil, as from
the falling of trees across the way, etc. Similar
to this, and standing on the same ground, lie1 ar-
gued, was the power to remove logs, snags, and
othei obstacles from the watery road over which
our commerce travels. There was no maxim bet-
ter established among men than that where power
is delegated over a subject in a general grant, it
draws alter it, necessanly, all the dueisified means
that, in the judgment und wisdom of the Govern-
ment to whom 1L is delegated, are necessary and
proper for the advancement anil accomplishment
of the end for which the grant is made. h'rom
this source alone was derived the power of Con-
gress to assemble in this magnificent building, and
to pay the expenses ol Congress. j\ot a word
was said of it in the Constitution; but all derived
it fiom the power given to the Congress ot the
United States to make all laws necessary for the
government of the United States.
Mr. P. illustrated this principle by reference to
many other universally conceded specific powcis
deduced limn general giants, and urged that Con-
gress, having the right to make these provisions
for the protection ami advancement of comineiee,
it was their duty so to do—the obligation 011 the
part of a Government being always the correlative
of the right to act upon any subject. He wished
to be distinctly undei stood that iie did not go for
assuming any powers for Congress, but (111 accord-
ance with what he had before stated) fin' deducing
those poweis fur the protection of commerce^
which were necessary, and distinctly included un-
der the power " to regulate commeice." And, in
conclusion, he called upon gentlemen to weigh well
the subject before they went too far; to hesitate
not too long; for he here told them (hat they could
never pass the reduction of the tariff 111 this House
till this bill, ill its substantial provisions, was
passed.
Air. P. having concluded,
Mr. BROOHEAO made an unsuccessful at-
tempt to lay aside this bill temporarily, in order
to take up another bill, the title of which was not
heard.
After some conversation, on motion, the commit-
tee rose, j
And the House adjourned. Ii
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. E. B HOLMES : The petition of Elijah Eose, of
Penfield, New York, asking pay for unrequited sei viceb in
the last war: referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER.: The petition of 38 citizens
of Wayne county, Ohio, praying for a national railroad from
the Missouri uvcr to the Pacific ocean. Also the petition
of 71 citizens of Wayne county, Ohio, praying for the
construction of a bridge across the Ohio nver at Wheel-
ing, Virginia: referred to the Committee on Iload3 and Ca-
nals.
By Mr. DUNLAP. The petition of citizens of Portland,
in the State of Maine, praj m<r for the extension of the pen-
sion laws to tin; widows# of the officers and bohhers of the
revolutionary wai, who weie married subsequent to 1794:
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. BROCKENBHOUGII: The petition of Samuel
W orthinuton, ptaymg leave to enter lands foi which he paid
the Receiver in St Aueni^tn'e m 1{?37, who neglected to
make ttie entiy, or to have Ins moncv refunded: rofeired to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. LA SRKE. The petition of J. A. E. Degrand, of
Pari*, Franco, (or the rcimbuit-oment of two-thuds of the
amount paid by him to the Patent Office, he having aban-
doned all chum to a patent: leterredto the Committee on
Patents.
By Mi. r. E. HOLMES : The memorial of Mrs. Frances
Moore, to be paid lost indents or certificates of money loan-
ed to the u«e ot the revolutionary war.
By Mr. i'RTTIT : The petition of Clark Northup, and 51
others, of Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, praying the abo-
lition of the otlice ot chaplain to Congress : referred to the
Committee <•  the Judiciaiy. Also, the petition of Wilbur
Caidner, and .'0 other* of the same county and State, pray-
ing in like manner - refeired to the Committee on the Ju-
dicial').
By Mr. BOWLIN* The letter of Franklin Cannon, of
Jackson, j\li-*iot(ii, with -'fathtic* of population and land
xile^, m tlie Jackson land de tnet, Missouri, and reinon-
stratiu" ac.mM the removal thereof: leferred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole llniw on the state of the Union, to
accompany House hill No. ' l. Also, the memorial of Cor-
nelius Ynnarsdel, pia\m<; foi continuation in a pre-emption
claim to .i tract of itmd m Missoun: lcfencd to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 6, 184G.
The reading of the Journal wns dispensed with,
on motion ot Mr. URODHEAD, and was ap-
proved.
Mr. BRODHEAD indicated a motion that tlie
House, resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
oil the stale of the Union; hut yielded the floor to
Mr. DltOMGOOLE, who introduced to the
PIou.se
Mr. McDowell, member elect from the State of
Virginia; who was qualified, and took his seat.
NEW JERSEY CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DOBBIN offered the following resolution:
Jiesolrtd, Tlrnt the Speaker of this House pay,
out of the fund and mileage of members, to Isaac
; G. F.iriee, the pay and mileage of a member of
j tlus House, from the 1st day of December, 1845,
to the 4th day ol March, 18 l(i, inclusive, that being
i the, time he was clipped contesting the seat of
. John I!unk, a member of this House.
I Mr. SCHEiVOK moved so to amend the resolu-
tion as to provide for the payment of John M.
Botts until tlie time of the decision of his case, at
the GrM session of the last Congress.
Mr. D0B11IJNT demanded the pievious question.
The SPEAKER ruled the amendment out of
order, on the ground that the resolution provided
for tlie payment of Mr. Farlee out of a specific
fund, set apart, under a bill reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, ibr the pay and mile-
age of members of the 29th Congress. The pay
of a member of a former House must be derived,
therefore, from some other fund.
Some conversation followed between Mr.
SCHENCK and the SPEAKER.
Air. J. H. EWING moved so to amend the re-
solution us to provide for the payment of Mr. Botts
out of any moneys in the tieasury not otherwise
appropriated.
The SPEAKER said the amendment would not
be in order, because it would require a jointresolu-
tion of both houses.
Mr. J. H. EWING gave notice that he would
introduce such a resolution.
Mr. DOBBIN insisted on his demand for the
previous question.
And, after some further conversation, the ques-
tion was taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So there was a second.
