464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
And the main question (for the adoption of the
resolution.) was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. J. Q,. Adams, Arnold, Bayly,
Bedinger, Benton, Jas. A. Black, Bowlin, Brink-
erhotF, Brodhead, William G. Brown, Buifington,
John II. Campbell, Carioll, John G. Chapman,
Collin, Daniel, De Mott, Dillingham, Dixon, Dob-
bin, Edsall, John H. Ewing, Foot, Fries, Giles,
Goodyear, Gordon, Grider, Griimell, Grover,
Harmanson, Harper, Henley, Herrick, Elias B.
Holmes, Isaac E. Holmes, flough, S. D. Hub-
bard, Hudson, Hungerford, Washington Hunt,
James B. Hunt, Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jo-
seph R. Ing-ersoll, Jenkins, James H. Johnson,
Daniel P. King, Preston King, Thomas Butler
King, Lawrence, Lewis, Levin, Ligon, Lumpkin,
McClean, McClelland, McClernand, Marsh, J. P.
Martin, Morris, Moseley, Moulton, Niven, Owen,
Parish, Payne, Perrill, Pettit, Pollock, Price,
Ramsey, Relfe, Rhett, Roberts, Julius Rockwell,
J. A. Rockwell, Russell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Seam-
mon, Schenck, Seveiauce, Alex. D. Sims, Leonard
H, Sims, Truman Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton,
Stewart, St. John, Strohm, Strong, Thibodeaux,
James Thompson, Tibbatts, Vinton, Wentworth,
Wick, Williams, Wiimot, Winthrop, Wood,
Woodworth, Yell, and Young—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Aslimun, Atkinson,
Bell, Milton Brown, Clarke, Cranston, Crozier,
Cullom, Culver, Dromgoole, Erdman, Ficklin,
Gtddings, Graham, Hoge, Hopkins, George S.
Houston, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, G.
W. Jones, Kennedy, Leake, Long, McConneil,
James McDowell, McGaughey, McHenry, Mc-
livaine, McKay, Barclay Martin, Morse, Pendle-
ton, Reid, Ritter, Root, Seaman, Thomas Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Starkweather, Towns, Trumbo,
Wheaton, and Woodwaid—44.
So the resolution was adopted.
The SPEAKER said the business first in order
would be the report of the Committee on the Post
Otfiee and Post Roads, in the case of Farley D.
Thompson and otheis.
Mr. DANIEL inquired whether it would now
be in order to move to go into committee on the
private calendar. It'so, he made that motion.
Mr. BRODHEAD submitted that his motion to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was first in order.
The SPEAKER said he did not understand the
gentleman as pressing that motion, but as having
withdrawn it.
Mr. BRODHEAD had waived the motion, he
said, not withdrawn it.
Some conversation followed.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired of the Speaker,
how far the call of the committees for reports had !
progressed yesterday ? j
The SPEAKER. So far as the Committee on j
the Post Ofiice and Post Roads. i
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he hoped the House 1
would allow one hour to the reception of reports, j
The SPEAKER said the first motion in order '
would be on proceeding to the consideration of the j
puvatc calendar, j
Mr. DP .OMGOOLE was understood to say that i
he had a report from a committee which he was |
very anxious to m ke. '
Mr. SCIIENOK u&ked Mr. Daniel to with-
draw his motion so as to enable him to offer a res-
olution.
Mr. DANIEL declined so to do, and desired to
state his reasons.
Ikit the SPEAKER said it would not be in
order.
And the SPEAKER explained, that, should
the House decide to pass to the consideration of
private business, the first in that order would be
bills on the Speaker's table, on the question of en-
grossment.
The question was then taken (by tellers) on the
motion of Mr. Daniel, and decided in the nega-
tive—ayes 65, noes 70.
So the House refused to pass to the considera-
tion of private business.
CONTESTED ELECTION FROM VIRGINIA.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the rules be sus-
pended to enable him to introduce the following
resolution, and asked the yeas and nays on that
motion; which were ordered.
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be in-
structed to audit and pay, out of the contingent
fund of this House, the mileage and pay of John
M. Botts, who contested the seat of John W.
Jones, of Virginia, in the last Congress—from the
first day of the first session of the 28th Congress,
to the aay when the said contest was decided, in^
elusive.
Mr. FARAN then inquired if it was not true
that Mr. John M. Botts had declared publicly, in
the streets of Washington, that he had no hope of
succeeding in his contcst for the seat held by John
W. Jones in the last Congress, and that the only
motive he had in contesting the seat of Mr. Jones
was. to get an opportunity to make a speech
against John Tyler? Mr. F. said he had heard
that Air. Botts had repeatedly made such a decla-
ration; and if he had, he presumed it was known
to his colleague, [Mr. Schexck.]
Mr. SCHENCK answered, that he had never
before heard a suggestion of such a declaration
having been made by Mr. Botts, and he believed
the report was entirely unfounded.
After some conversation between Mr. FARAN
and Mr. SCHENCK,
The question, "Shall the rules be suspended
was taken, and decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Gt. Adams, Ar-
nold , Ashmun, Blanchard,Butfington, William W.
Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, John G.
Chapman, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dixon, Dock-
ery, Johnli. Ewmg, Foot, Giddings, Grider, Grin-
nell, Harper, Homck, Elias B. Holmes, Isaac E.
Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard,
Hudson, Washington Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Joseph R. Ingersoll, Daniel P. Kmg, Thomas B.
King, Lewis, Levin, McHenry, Mcllvame,Marsh,
Miller, Moseley, Parish, Payne, Perrill, Pollock,
Ramsey, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Root, liunk, Schenok, Seddon, Severance, Tru-
man Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stew-
art, Strolnu, Thibobeaux, Benjamin Thompson,
Vinton, White, Winthrop, Wright and Young—
62.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson,
Bnyly, Bedinger, Hell, Benton, James Black, Bow-
lin, Boyd, Brodhead, William G. Brown, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Collin, Cranston, Cro-
zier, Cullom, Culver, Daniel, DeMott,Dillingham,
Dobbin, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Edsall, Ellsworth,
Erdman, Edwin H. Ewmg, Faran, Ficklin, Fries,
Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Graham, Grover, Haral-
son, Harmanson, Henley, Hoge, Hopkins, Hough,
GcorgcS. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Hun-
gerford, James B. Hunt, Jenkins, James H. John-
son, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George
W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kennedy, Preston
Kmg, Lawrence, Leake, La Sere, Ligon, Long,
Lumpkin, McClean, McClelland, McClernand,
McConneil, James McDowell, McGaughey, Mc-
Kay, John P. Martin, Barclay Martin, Morris,
Morse, Moulton, Niven, Norris, Owen, Price,
Rathbun, Reid, Relfe, Ritter, Roberts, Russell,
Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Seaman, Alexander
j D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas
: Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, St.
: John, Strong, James Thompson, Thurman, Tih-
' batts, Toombs, Towns, Trumbo, Wentworth,
! Wheaton, Williams, Woodward, Woodworth,
j Yancey, Yell, and Yost—109.
| So the rules were not suspended, and the resolu-
; tion was not received.
I Mr. TIB BATTS moved that the House resolve
! itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
i the Union.
i The yeas and nays were asked and refused.
And the motion of Mr. Tibbatts was rejected.
M r. I. E. HOLMES moved that when the House
i adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
; i Mr. RATHBUN asked the yeas and nays; which
!| were refused.
;! The SPEAKER proceeded to take the question,
and the vote stood—ayes 130, noes not counted,
j So the House decided that when it adjourns, it
ij would adjourn to meet on Monday next.
II The House resumed the consideration of the
; unfinished business of the morning hour, being ihe
leport made yesterday by Mr. Hopkins, from the
j Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, pro-
I viding that the said committee be discharged from
j the further consideration of the petition of Farley
i D. Thompson, and others, sureties of Chileon
1 White, to be released from all liability arising from
the defalcation of said White while postmaster at
Lagrange, Alabama, and that it be laid upon the
table.
Mr. G. S. Houston had heretofore moved to're-
commit the bill with the following instructions;. ,
" To report a bill releasing F. D.Thomson frdm
the amount of defalcation which occurred after the
appointment of John S. Kkpier to the office."
Mr. Gordon had yesterday moved that the whole
subject be laid on the table; pending whichjnotion
the morning hour had expired.
And the question was now-taken on the said
motion, and decided in the affirmative..
So the whole subject was laid on the table.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, the House passed
to the consideration of bills on the private eaten-?
dar, under the restriction contained in the follow-
ing rule:
" On the first and fourth Friday of each month
the calendar of private bills shall be called over,
and the bills, to the passage of which no objection
shall then be made, shall be first considered and
disposed of."
The bill for the relief of Colonel William Gray-
son coming up,
Mr. CLARKE rose and withdrew his objec-
tion.
But debate being indicated, the bill went over.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
motion made by Mr. Clarke on Saturday, the
21st, to Reconsider the vote by which the Tiouse,
on that day, laid upon the table the bill for the re-
lief of Charles M. Gibson.
And the question being put, " Shall the said vote
be reconsidered it was decided in the negative.
So the said bill was laid upon tKeVable.
On motion of Mi\ DANIEL, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole, Mr. Julius
Rockwell in the chair, on the private calendar.
A great number of bills, to which objection was
made, were laid over.
The following bills were laid aside to be reported
to the House:
A bill for the relief of Samuel Jordan;
A bill for the relief of Wiley B. Parnell;
A bill for the relief of Isabella Baldridge, widow
of Captain John Baldridge;
A bill for the relief of Samson Brown.
Mr. GORDON moved that the committee rise,
(with a view to act on the said bills in the House.)
No quorum voted.
So the committee rose, and reported the fact to
the House.
Whereupon the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented, under the rule, and referred to th6 appro-
priate committees:
By Mr NORRIS : The petition of Richard Melvin, Jane
Perham, Maltha Jeftors, and Nancy C. Hardy, children and
legal representatives of Mary Pntten, late of Chester, New
Hampshire, for the amount of pension due the said Mary
Patten at the time of hei decease.
By Mr. STEWART : The petition and documents of Pe-
ter Myers, of Greene county, Pennsylvania, a soldier of the
late war: leferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mi. J. DAVIS - The petition of John F. Gillespie, of
Adam-5 county, Mississippi, praying to be permitted to enter
at the minimum price a tract of land of which he nowholda
possession: referred to the Committee ot Clann3.
By Mr. McCLERNAND : The petition of 173 citizens of
Williamson county, Illinois, praying the establishment of
a national armory and foundry at Fort Massac, in said State:
referred to the Oommntee on Military Affairs.
By Mr. HARMANSON : The petition of William McFar-
land, asking confirmation of private land claims. * The peti-
tion of Elizabeth Burroughs for confirinanon of a private
claim.
By Mr. R. SMITH- The petition of the he^s of Captain
Andrew English for torage furnished the army (in the revo-
lutionary war) by said English: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims. Memorials signed by a large
number of citizens of Indiana and Illinois, praying the es-
tablishment of a mail-route direct from Evansville, Indiana,
; to Fairfield, Illinois, and the discontinuance of a certain
' mail-route: referred to the Committee on the Post Ofiice
and Po*t Roads. ,
i By Mr TIBBATTS: A memorial, numerously signed
: by travellers on the Mississippi and Ohio rivers, praying the
parage of a law which shall compel the owners and cap-
i! tains of steam vessels to have placfed on each outside boiler
« Evans's Safety Guard," to prevent explosions. - '
By Mr. SAW'YER: The petition-of William Howell, ot
Ohio, tor an increase of pension: referred to the •Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions.
i By Mr. WOOD: The memorial of Theodore Frehnghuy-
1 sen, John Delafield, William C. Redfield,and others, for re-
pealing the law imposing duties on scientific feooks.
