THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
THORSDAY, MARCH 12, 1846.
New Series....No. 30.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 9, 1846.
As soon as the Journal had been read,
Mr. COLGtUITT rose and said, that although
in feeble health, he had come to the Senate that
day in consequence of the publication of an article
in the Daily Times, of this city, to which he de-
sired to call the attention of the Senate. I have
never at any time, here or elsewhere, (said.Mr. C.)
been disposed to take public notice of any news-
paper remarks commenting directly or indirectly on
my conduct. _ But a charge has been made here in
a maimer which renders it necessary, it seems to
me, to take notice of it, for the editor sneaks not
conjecturally, but with positiveness, and makes a
charge which, if true, places a majority of this Sen-
ate, amongst whom, according: to his assertion, 1
to be classed, in the chaiacter of traitors to
their country^ and turns the public eye tons as
such. I have only to remark, that the writer of
this article, be he the editor of the paper or not,
has no right to complain of me for harshness, when
I say that every thought incorporated here could
never have been conceived but in a scoundrel's
heart—never could have been written by any but
a scoundrel's pen. I do not feel that he would re-
gard me as doing him any injustice when I say,
that the man capable of writing such an article
could not have enshrined within his heart one sin-
gle virtuous feeling without its being self-o.on-
suming torture. There is not, in my conception,
the slightest foundation for one remark made here;
and, so far as 1 am concerned, neither re.tuotelv or
intimately does any reference to me or my actions
savor of truth—not one word. Now, I know that
it very often happens when you drag from the
kennel these vile things, more attention is attracted
to them than if they be allowed to remain in the
obscurity of their own vileness. It may lie his
object to get notoriety, it' lie be, as it is said, a
soldier of fortune, a travelling, maiketable scrib-
bler, brought here for the purpose of making mo-
ney to feed his or other's avarice, I think that he
is likely to acquire that undying notoriety that is
peculiar to men in his own special line of business,
in one thing, at least, he has succeeded—that is, in
effectually disproving the assertion that he had been
brought here for the purpose of building up distin-
guished Senators, with a view to their elevation to
the Presidency. I think this article demonstrates
clearly that such a thing cannot possibly bo true.
No man of sense uses such tools to work out his
elevation. After such an article, praise from such
a source would be damning censure.
Mr. Colquitt then read from an article in "The
Times," which commences as follows:
"While the people of the United States, gratified
' with the fulfilment of their wishes in the passage
' of the resolutions of ' notice' by the Mouse, have
'for weeks reposed in perfect s'-cuiity, flattering
• themselves, in the midst of their various ocotpa-
' tions and pursuits of life, that the action of the
' lower branch would, in good time, be responded
' to favorably by the upper, a system of intrigue
' has been progressing in the seat of Government
' between the two phases of Oregon opponents,
' which but few have been aware of, and which, if
' known to the people, would excite a tempest of
' indignation and arouse public feeling to an in-
' tense pitch of excitement.
"A deliberate game has been played, through the
'secret intrigues of a caucus, in which a perfect
'understanding was had between a few anti-Ore-
' gon Democrats and the Whig portion of the Sen- j
' ate, with some Western members for an exeep-
1 tion, to compel the Administration into a com-
' promise with Great Britain by defeating the House
' notice, as it came to the Senate, and substituting
' for it a conditional one, in which the responsibil-
' ity of giving notice was to be conferred upon the
' President, but with this discretionunj power, bind-
' ing him, by a specific clause, of further ' negotia-
' tion,' which should lesult in the settlement of the
' dispute by ' compromise.'1 In other and clearer
' words, the understanding is, to pass the resolu-
' tions of Mr. Colquitt, of Georgia, which are as
' follows:
30
44Resolved, That notice be given, in the terms of
4 the treaty, for abrogating the convention made
4 between Great Britain and the United States on
* the twentieth of October, eighteen hundred and
'eighteen, and continued by the convention of,
4 eighteen hundred and twenty-seven, immediately •
4 after the close of the present session of Congress, i
4 unless the President, in his discretion, shall con- i
4 sider it expedient to defer it to a later period. |
"Resolved, That it is earnestly desired that the i
4 long-standing controversy, respecting limits in the j
4 Oregon territory, be speedily settled by negotia- (
4 tion and compromise, in order to tranquillize the j
4 public mind, and to preserve the friendly relations ;
4 of the two countries." i
I beg leave to state that, al the time I addressed |
the Senate on this subject originally,I indicated my ;
purpose of offering an amendment to the resolution j
introduced by the Senator from Kentucky. 1 will '
now state that I consulted no member of the Senate
or House; that there was no meeting, public, or pri- |
vnte; that the announcement of my intention was
before the arrival of the vessel that brought the
Queen's speech, and the remarks made by her Min-
ister in the British Parliament. The object that J
had in view it is not necessary now to state. I>e-
fore the debate is through, when other gentlemen J
shall have assigned their motives for their rmiise of '
action, if my health permits, f will assign fully and !
honestly the motive* that induced me to oiler the .
resolution. Every Senator will bear me out m tins, !
that I consulted none as to my course—asked no >
advice as to the propriet y or impropriety of olierni'4 ,
that resolution. The writer of the article talks
about its bein<r the result of the determination of a ;
secret caucus, held at the British Minister's own j
table, with every loop-hole concealed, and aguard 1
niound the hou^e. WYll, the public, must, at all i
events, give this \vritcr some, nedit foi Ins nrjeuu- !
ity in finding out the proceedings of that met !
1 fe is eloaHy an inventive genius, and a hold one. j
The puhlie may, however, be guided somewhat jn :
determining upon tin; compensation to be rendered !
to this genius on the score of Ins conscience, when
I inform them that I never met the P.ntish Minis-
ter either at his house or anywhere else; that. I
never dined with him; never visited lum; have no
acquaintance with him: never have had at any time
wince he has been resident in the city of Washing-
ton. If he has given any public, dinner dining
the winter, I have no knowledge of jt. The writer
says:
"Thissubstitute for the resolutions of the 1 louse, :
4 which, while they instructed the President to uive ,
4 the notice, without specifying the time in which
' he should act, but which action was intended to
4 he without delay, and at the. same time while ad-
4 witting the question to further negotiation, em-
4 phatically, by the circumstances of their adop-
4 tion, forbade compromise, and instiuctod the Ad-
' ministration against it; thus substitute, we say,
4 was the. bantling of a seeivt intrigue; was to be
1 passed through the .Senate with as little delay as
4 could be avoided; and with the speed of locomo-
4 tivcs and British steamers, was to be despatched
4 to the Lords and Commons of Kimlmul, as an
4 earnest of the pacific policy of the people of the
4 United Stales, and their nrninetl infphv tbf
but before I made it, I spoke to the Senator from
I Kentucky, and gave him a rough outline of what I
\ intended to offer. I handed it to him, and not
' knowing whether it was acceptable to him or not,
i I did not offer it. 44 The bantling of a secret in-
tiigue." The only caucus I attended was one sub-
sequently held; with the view, as I supposed, to
; agree upon a proposition by which the objections
' of some at least might be obviated. Since that
i time, 1 have been too unwell to attend even the
I Senate. The writer continues: " It was to be pass-
j ed through the Senate with as little delay as pos-
sible, ,J Eveiy word untrue. There was no
such understanding, and that every Senator knows.
> If there had been an understanding—if there had
! been a secret intrigue, and the bantlmg was to go
1 out by the British steamer, wouldn't we have
known each other better? Wouldn't the Senator
j from Kentucky have been prepared to accept my
resolution without delay ? Wouldn't it have been
acted on at once ? "When the Senator from Illinois
United States, and their avowed intention, by the
'use of the 'compromise' phrase, to concale to
4 the British Power a portion of territory which
4 the American Executive had proclaimed to the
4 world was ours by u title 4 clear and unquestion-
4 able,' and to which the mover of the substitute
4 himself had said the claim of the United States
4 was the strongest.''
1 do not intend to comment on the first part of
this extract, except simply to express my surprise
that such a writer could ever tell any truth before
getting through a sentence. A great many men I
dare say did not consider—do not conceive now—
that the resolution gave instructions to the Presi-
dent that he should not compromise; but I will not,
as I have said, comment on that at present. u The
bantlmg of a secret intrigue.'1 I have already sta-
ted, that without, any conference with any human
being, I indicated my purpose, and would have
offered my resolution on the day! made my speech, n
[Mr. Brkese] asked to have it laid over till the
following Monday, did I not yield at once? Some
of us, according to this writer, did not understand
the bargain. X repeal, that if the writer of this
article seeks notoriety, he is certainly entitled to
mfiunous notoriety in an eminent degiee, and all
who sec this articlc, and couple his name with it,
will know that he doe* not deserve the favor of an
honest man. 1 le says further:
Since then a nuue complete understanding has
4 been effected. Caucus meetings have been held;
4 the ptinciplc of action laid down; votes counted,awl
4 the success of the. resolutions, m anticipation of
j 'final action, confidently counted on. But what is
[ ' more astonishing, and showing how false-hearted
i 4 some of our American Senators are, while seeming-
' ly contending foi the interests of their country and
4 the weliaie of its people—how traitorous they dare
, 4 be in xvrct collusions with our hereditary enemy
! 4—.til these bitriuues to lorce the Administration
; ' into compromise'—all these plots to abandon our
| 4 native soil—these bargains to disgrace the Amer-
J 4 ican nation, and of their substance fill the maw of
i 4 the lapacious British lion, were canvassed and ar-
| 4 ranged at the British Minister's own table, within
I 4 the lapse of a few days, where a meeting for this
j 4 specific and express purpose was had, attended by
! 4 all the loyal advocates of the British claim who are
| 4 comprised in the ranks of the Senate, with,
j 4as wesaid above, a few exceptions from the "West,
• 1 of men who could not in their hearts become the
i 4 plotters of treason against their country."
I All false. I merely repeat that I never attended
■ any caucus but one; that was at the request of the
; Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Han.yegan.] If there
' wore any others, I had no intimation of them. I
i have made these remarks—so far as I am concern-
ed—on tbih aiticle, too infamous almost to be read
| anywhere. The whole conception of the article
I could never have entered into the mind of any man
i with a particle of patriotism, or the smallest rem-
! mint of virtue. He snvs: l"On this occasion, dis-
4 graceful to the name Republican, which one party
4 to this dmncr-tabic compact assume, the whole
4 strength of the compromise party was counted and
4 ascertained; their firmness m the crisis was pledg-
' ed for, and Minister Pakenham, the representative
' of the British Government, put in possession of
4 all4 Her Majesty's* party strength within the walls of
4 the *.ime)ican Stnaie! Can the American people
che made to* realize this most infamous fact?"
Could any honest American citizen throughout the
land have believed that any man could get into the
editorial chair in the city of Washington, connect-
ed with any paper of the least respectability, who
would be capable of giving such a barefaced false-
hood to the world! Is there a man, woman, or
child, living East, West, North, or South, whose
mind coulU possibly have conceived that there
could have been found a man so destitute of pa-
triotism, religion, morality, virtue, and truth, as he
who penned this article? Mr. C. quoted as follows:
"We know that, situated as they are, far be-
4yond the pestilence of this political atmosphere,
4 and ignorant of the utter bankruptcy in patriot-
' ism of some of their Representatives, they are
