468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 0,
and relinquish their possessions in that country.
All negotiation in regard to the line of boundary c
was, m the judgment of that Senator, wholly out
of the question. Now, if this notice is to be thus
construed as committing us to carry out the whole
series of measures in support of our title up to 54°
40', then it seems to me that there are grave and
weighty objections to it.
On the other hand, gentlemen who insist that
they are as much entitled to speak the views of the
Executive as their brethren, tell us that the meas-
ure is connected with no such purpose. These
gentlemen tell us that the Executive has proposed
this notice with a view to settle our boundary, and
not with a view to assert our title up to 54° 40',
and that all beyond 49° is to be surrendered to j
Great Britain. They say that the President, though j:
he has withdrawn the oiler of 49°, still cherishes i,
the intention, if that offer shall be renewed on the ij
part of the British Minister, or if circumstances i)
shall arise rendering it proper for him to repeat the
offer himself, to accept that parallel of latitude; li
and that he wishes this notice, not for the purpose t
of insisting on our title to the whole country, but :i
with a view to the adjustment of our claims by i!
compromise. If these gentlemen are correct, and H
that is the end sought by the Executive in this L|
measure, then it is much less objectionable. ||
But we here stand deliberating on the measure, ;i
in entire uncertainty as to what is to be its effect. ;
And here I think we might justly pause and say j,
we will go no further tilf we receive some distinct j!
assurances on that subject; until we get from the jj
Executive something plain and distinct as to what i
is intended to be done with the notice if we phall i]
pass it. I:
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Bref.sk] thinks j;
there is no great difference among the various forms jj
in which it has been proposed that the notice shall ;
be given; but, for his own part, he prefers that |
form suggested by the report of the Committee on
Foreign" Relations. He wishes the. simple, un- i
qualified notice, unaccompanied by any expression '
of opinion. And he prefers tins, because he <ioes !
for 54° 40' at all hazards, That, Senator considers
the proposition piop<wed by the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Colquitt] as ve>-y objectionable,
and yet he thinks that no groat harm can come of ,
it, because the notice will still be given, and the !
President will take good care that, under that no- :
tice, our claims shall be asserted and maintained
to the whole country. Isow, that is just what 1 1
want to know. If the construction to' be put on |
our passing a resolution for notice is to be that wc, [
the Senate, are ready to stand by the President,!
and go for 54° 10' at oil hazards, shall we vote the j
measure under that understanding? The Senator [
from North Carolina, [Mr. Haywood,] on the I
other hand, tells us that he has no objection to the j
notice as jt came from the committee, because the ;
President is committed so to use the notice as to ■
settle our difficulties. I want light; I want further J
assurance how the notice is to be used if we pass !
it; and I again sny that 1 mi"ht here pause, and j
call on those Senators who repiesent tin* Admmis- ,
tration (if any such there be here) to tell us what '
are tiie purposes of the Executive; because, if this i
matter is to he pushed to extremes, or if there is to ■
be no negotiation or adjustment on the question
of boundary, and the notice, according to the view
of the able and experienced Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Cass,] is probably to result in severing
the pacific relations of the country to Great Britain,
those who do not desire such a result would like
to know it, that they may govern their votes ac-
cordingly.
It is admitted that a step so marked in its char-
acter, and likely to be productive of such results,
is not to be justified except by a perfect conviction
that our title is clear and undeniable to the whole
country. The Senator from New York [Mr. Dix]
candidly confesses that he would not recommend
such a measure unless he were under that convic-
tion. Nothing short of it would, in his estimation,
justify the measure. If, then, there are any doubts
on that subject, we ought not to rush into such a
crisis; that is the Senator's own opinion. If, then,
any gentleman shall think, though with all the dis-
position in the world to uphold our title where it
can justly be done, and with every hope that that
title may prove the best in the world, that it is not
so perfectly clear as it appears to other gentlemen
to be in regard to the whole territory, he would
not be justified in taking such a step.
It has been said here, over and over, that we
must speak on this subject under great restrictions.
Sir, I know the difficulties which surround us; but,
by the blessing of God, no such dilemma shall pre-
vent me from a full, frank, and independent ex-
pression of my own views. I am unwilling to be
left where the circumstances of the present debate,
thus far, would leave us. We are told by gentle-
man on the other side that our title to every inch
of Oregon is clear and unquestionable, and that
nobody can or dare say aught to the contrary.
And because, when tins is said, we sit still and
make no reply, our silence is thrown back upon
us, and they say to us, You yourselves believe our
title to bo unquestionable, but shrink from assert-
ing it. And then the next thing is to assert that
Great Britain has no rights in Oregon at all; that
her presence there is an act of trespass and ra-
pacity, and is attempted to be justified by the most
atrocious and unfounded claim. All this goes to
the country, and wc arc charged with admitting
that we have a clcar title up to 54° 40', and that
the conduct of Great Britain is an open and undis-
guised aggression, and yet that wc sit tamely by,
and, when stringent measures are proposed for a
manlv assertion and maintenance of our rights,
we yield not to any right in Great Britain, but to
the rapacity and flagrant oppression of a foreign
nation, from a dread of her power. Now, I am
not going to put myself in any such position. I
will not consent to stand where such representa-
tions would place me.
On a former occasion where I believed our rights
to be really involved, I used my endeavors to stim-
ulate the Government vigorously to maintain them.
I endeavored to impress both Congress and the
Executive with the propriety and necessity of
promptand decided nction in maintaining the rights
of the country. If I now entertained the same
comiction of the justice and validity of our claims
to boundary in the northwest that I then did in re-
gard to that on the northeast, I should be prepared
to go to the same extent these Senators do, and I
would unite with them in recommending the same
measures. But I have no such conviction, and I
am hound to look to consequences.
And now, after all, what is the controversy be-
tween us and Great Britain ? What is the mighty
matter in dispute between us? What is it about
which the whole country is to be thrown into a
state of agitation, and for which we are to risk a
war? What is it? What does it amount to?
Why, the Senator from Michigan tellsthat it is
no less than 1 '2 or 13 degrees of latitude on the
northwest const—a region large enough to form
nine larjjc States, and ho asks us whether we are
prepared to surrender all this to Great Britain? I
answer no; but that is riot the matter between us.
Great Britain has offered to accept the line of 49°
north from the Rocky mountains to the Columbia,
and thence to follow that stream down to the ocean.
She consents that we shall hold all south and east
of that line. On the other hand we have repeated-
ly offered her, nnd have recently renewed the of-
fer, to agree to the latitude of 49° extended due
west to the ocean, and to give her two ports south
of the line.
What, then, is the actual matter in dispute? It
is only that strip of land lying between the Colum-
bia river nnd the latitude of forty-nine, being a j
| triangle extending along the Pacific two hundred j
miles, and from the river to the ocean three hundred
i and fifty, containing in all, according to my com-
1 putation, about fifty-eight thousand square miles
! of the very worst and most arid soil in the whole
' territory. This is the whole matter that separates
us. And we come nearer even than that, if the
■ negotiations had not been ended in August Inst—if
one or two more efforts had been made, we should
have come to a compromise on the parallel of forty -
: nine, with tlv navigation of the Columbia. If
• such a settlement was attainable, then we are sep-
arated only by the question of granting or refusing
, the navigation of the Columbia river. And are we
; to run the hazard of a national collision, and all
the consequences which must attend it—for what?
For the right to navigate an urmavigable river,
which none of us will want for half a century to
come. We must fight for it rather than give it
up; and that is called "patriotic." And gentlemen
who are ready to plunge their country into a war
with the greatest Power upon earth for a thing like
this, are represented as making very " patriotic"
speeches!
The Senator from New York who addressed us
last, [Mr. Dickinson,] in the effervescence and •
overboiling of his patriotism, told us- that he was
ready to fight to-day to obtain a country which be
did not want-for our own citizens, but for the op-
pressed people of Europe, who, some half century
hence, might want a refuge there. If the oppress-
ed people of Europe want a refuge on our north-
west coast, there it is open to them now, and so
likely to be, plainly before them, with no obstacle
in the world to hinder them. Let them go and
occupy it to their heart's content.
I have already said that 1 well know the condi-
tion in which we stand here; but that shall not de-
ter me from the fullest declaration of my sentiments
on the subject of our title. I knowthat we are
charged with being regardless of our rights, if -we
refuse to go. to the extreme verge of all that has
ever been claimed for us in debate. If we intimate
the slightest doubt of the validity of any and every
claim set up on our side of the question, we are
British in heart; and we have just been admonish-
ed by denunciations coming m advance of what
may be expected by Senators who dare to follow
their own independent judgment. I do not know
but such vituperation and calumny may, in some
quarters, have its effect. There may be some base
enough to fabricate such slanders, and others fools
enough to believe them; but what of that? Ave
we to regard miserable contemptible consequences
like these, or are we to go forward and do our
duty, as in our best judgment we shall believe that
sound patriotism calls us?
For one I will not sit here and be told, over and
over again, that our title to 54° 40' is so clear, so
beyond all possibility of doubt or hesitation, that
he who falters in maintaining it at once by the
sword is recreant to the love of his country. I will
not submit to this, though at the peril of all the
obloquy which falsehood can cast upon me. It is
because I do not agree with the Senator from New
York, and the other gentlemen on that side of the
chamber, that our right is so clear, so undoubted,
so unquestionable as they think it is, that I am not
willing to go to extremes m asserting and main-
taining it. In examining the question I have not
found anything to warrant mein that conclusion.
And here J must say, that while I have listened
to or read with the utmost attention and patience the
most, if not all of what had been said on the other
side respecting our title to the whole of Oregon, I
do not think the real difficulties on the question of
title have yet been met or answered. I agree with
the Senator from Georgia that, before I can pro-
nounce upon our title, however anxious I may be
that we shall be found to be in the right, I must
first sec the objections to that title fairly met; and
this I have not yet seen. The argument, as pre-
sented to us hitherto by our negotiators, rests on
general principles only. They have contented
themselves with going into them without fairly
meeting the real difficulty in the case. There are
great and grave questions of public law and grave
and great questions of fact to be considered. And
when I am callcd to examine questions of public
law and questions of historical truth, gentlemen
rise here and tell me of the Baltimore convention,
three-fourths of whom consisted of persons who
have neither the time nor means to investigate such
questions; and that they have resolved, and there-
fore there is no longer any doubt or question about
the matter. Standing here as I do under the most
solemn responsibility, and called to act upon a
question involving the dearest interests of my coun-
try, and its pacific relations to the rest of the world,
1 may not adopt such crude and hasty conclusions.
There are grave difficulties in the way. I do not
say they are such as cannot be overcome; I hope
they may; I believe they may: but by shunning
all mention or discussion of them, we only seem to
admit our inability to overcome them.
We derive our title to the country on the north-
!| west coast of North America (which gentlemen of
: late have chosen to call "Oregon") from three dis-
; tinct sources. First, from discovery: and this has
i two branches—first a discovery of the Columbia
| river, from the sea, by Captain Gray5< in 179*2*, and,
I second, from its head-waters, by Lewis and Clarke,
ji in 1803. Secondly, by the cession of Louisiana
j! by France in 1804. On the ground of discovery,
! i we can claim no more than the river' Colombia,
i j and the country drained by it and its branches,
ij This does not go up even to 49^, so that .on that
II ground-we can claim only as high as 49on the
