470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
4 of it for my subjects; you may have the same
' for your citizens; so may ail others."
I was surprised that the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Dix,] who discussed the question of
title with so much accuracy and general fairness,
denied that Biitain had any rights m the country
because Vancouver said that he was not making
discoveries for the exclusive benefit of England,
but for that of all the nations of the world, Spain
included. He said this in 1793. because of this,
he denies that Britain has any rights there at all.
That is not the way to argue. "YVe are not to im-
pute to her setting up what she disclaims and de-
nies, because we can demolish it if she did. "YVe
must meet her claims as she presents them. What
is her claim? When we "claim exclusive jurisdic-
tion and title, she denies oui right to it; but she
does not say that shu has it more than we. Hut
she says this: "I have rights there which your
claim of exclusive sovereignty will destroy." It
is a curious fact that none of all our negotiators
have asked her, " "What are your rights on that
coast?" That is a question which ne\erhas been
asked; but we went at once into our title to exclu-
sive sovereignty, because that would cover the
whole. The rights she claims there are the rights
of trade and settlement for her subjects, without
interfering with the settlements of others. Thos>e
arc her rights; and wo arc to discuss them and dis-
pose of them before we can say that our title is
"clear and unquestionable." That is la-r claim.
How did site  ctit? You know when we have
claimed under Spain we have gone into her rights
by discovery. But Great Britain says that she,
too, made <liseo\ciios  there. And thus she adds:
" If this question of title was to be settled on
grounds of meio discovery, then we should set up
such find such facts.'' But slu; has ue\eras,veiled
that she acquired a title to the country by discov-
ery. Never. She has adduced her discoveries
only to refute our claims under Spain. She iu*\er
has claimed exclusive rights m any paitofthc tei-
ritory. She claims the rights of commerce and
trade theic m common with all the world, and of
settlement where pnur settlement has not been
made.
But it is said that she claims this by virtue of
the ticaty of Nootlva Sound, ami that tluit conven-
tion was of a character that caused it to be teimi-
nated by the subsequent war of 1796.
The Nootka Sound convention grew out of cer-
tain rights on the part of Great Britain winch ex-
isted longpiior to the formation of that convention.
Gentlemen had talked about cei tarn concessions on
the part of Spain, certain benefits which had been
conceded to Kngland in the Nootka Sound conven-
tion; but it would be remembered that that conven-
tion was ended by the war of 1796. The honor-
able Senatoi from Illinois [Mr. Bki^lsl] said, the
other day, that there was no sort of difficulty m
understanding the terms upon which that conven-
tion was formed; and how did he understand it?
That there were privileges and rights conceded by
Spain in that convention—a convention which was
terminated by the breaking nut of the war? Ac-
cording to his construction of that treaty, it went
upon the principle that Spam did not possess sov-
eieign rights within the country, although that was
what Spain asserted; and that assertion was very
neaily the occasion of producing a wai.
Now, let us look (continued Air. E.) at the his-
tory of events. Several English vessels weie cap-
tured by Spanish authorities; and yet wc find that
Spain is the complaining party. She demanded
satisfaction for the intrusion committed by British
subjects upon what she claimed to be her soil.
What said England? England was in a ferment.
All parties were indignant at the loss of her vessels,
and the capture of her crews. The Viceroy, who
had jurisdiction of the case, gave up the vessels,
and made reparation for their seizure. "Why was
not England satisfied? What further ground of
complaint had she ? England was not satisfied be-
cause Spain set up a claim to exclusive sovereign-
ty over the territory. All parties in England were
united in opposition to these claims on the part of
Spain. They were unwilling to submit to them,
and they were excessively indignant at the com-
mission of what they considered a gross outrage
upon the persons and property of British subjects.
It is not enough, said they, that you release our
men; you #must make atonement for violated hon-
or; you must make atonement for the insult which
you have offered to the British fiag.j
But the gentleman says that England acknowl-
edged the sovereignty of Spain in the convention
of Nootka Sound. My own reading of the con-
vention is, that concessions were mutual. The
subjects of both Towers were, under it, entitled to
certain rights; no greater piivileges were granted
by England to Spain than were granted by Spain
to England. So much for the stipulations of the
convention. Now, looking at the preamble, what
do we find to be the principle upon which that
convention was founded ? The preamble set forth:
" Their Britannic and Catholic Majesties, being
4 desirous of terminating, by a speedy and solid
{ agreement, the dilkreiiees which have lately
' arisen between the two crowns, have adjudged
" that the best way of attaining this salutary object
* would be that of an amicable ariangement, which,
i setting aside all retrospective discussion of the
'rights and pretensions of the two paities, should
Mix their respective situation for the future on a
4 basis conformable to their true interests, as well
1 as to the mutual desire with which their said Ma-
'jesties are animated, of establishing with each
' other, in cveiytlung and in all places, the most
5 perfect friendship, harmony, and good correspon-
' deuce."
That is to say, Spain and Gicat Britain mutual-
ly agreed not to set up any chum derived from any
prior light, but, waiving all prior considerations,
they provided merely fur the guidance of the two
parties for the future. Ysfhat was the condition of
the parties at that time? Spain asserting her sov-
ereignty, yet entering into a treaty by which she
r< pudiated her claim of sovereignty. Well might
Yontouver say, m 1VJ3,1 make not discoveries
exclusively for England, but lor the common ben-
efit of all'the world—for Spain among the rest.
That was the principle. Well,how was the conven-
tion of Nootka Sound treated in the British lAuha-
ment' The Opposition of (he day complained of the
British Minister because he had not got enough of
concession. How did he defend himself? He
said, what weie we going to war about? Spain
has set up a claim to exclusive sovereignty, and
she now admits us to equal participation, icpudi-
atmg and abandoning her claim to exclusive sov-
ereignty, leaving the country open foi the occupa-
tion of all nations. What more, then, do we
require in the >vay of concession? Wc have es-
tablished the great principle, that the northwest
coast is open to all the world. Well, when wc
bring up the old Spanish title, Great Britain
meets it by producing this convention, and the
point to be examined is the principle upon which
that convention was founded.
If Spain had exclusive rights, she abandoned
them ; and this she did before our title was made.
Now, I want to know, if Spain, having struck her
flag in ] 79."), having left the giound and never ap-
peared there sincc, our title, derived from such a
source, can be pionounccd to be a perfect title, an
indisputable title, a title that would justify us in
going to war to establish it? This is the view of
the question w liichl want gentlemen to take. Eng-
1j nd claimed long before the foimation of the Nootka
Sound convention, and her claim was recognised
by that convention. She sent her liist discover-
ers to the unoccupied shores of the Pacific for the
purpose of taking possession; and she maintains,
upun niinciplcs <yf international law, that such is
the character of the claim which she asserts that
it is not to be superseded by any other in exist-
ence. This is a matter which I commend to the
attention of gentlemen who suppose that our title
is perfectly clear. Letnot gentlemen content them-
selves with imputing to Great Britain the desire
of setting up a fictitious claim; let them not con-
tent themselves with assuming ours to be admit-
ted, when, to say the least, it may very reasonably
be impeached by the abandonment of the country
by those from whom we claim to derive our title.
It was asserted by our negotiators, at the time
of the foimation of the convention, that the country
was open for settlement by all nations of the world.
When Russia asserted her claim, we repelled that
claim, and took the giound that the principle
which the Nootka Sound convention established
was, that there was no exclusive right on her part.
And so, in regard to settlement, to which gentle-
men attach great importance, a temporary and
sparse settlement, what did we say to Russia ? We
assumed it as an incontrovertible fact that no Euro-
pean nation had made any permanent settlement
until after the last voyage of Captain Cook. We
started with this idea, and maintained with it our
title against Russia. How did we treat the title of
Spain ? We treated it with entire disrespect. We
were ready to agree, and did agree with Russia,
that Spain had no exclusive right; that the north-
west coast was open for the occupation of all the
world, and, being open to all nations, we were
ready to ratify certain rights between Russia and
ourselves. We ceded nothing to Russia; she
ceded nothing to us. But we agreed with her that
we would not settle north of 54° 40', and 'She-
agreed that she would form no settlements south
of that line, recognising the principle that title was
to be acquired by settlement.
Great Britain does not deny that we may acquire
a good title by settlement; and after the abandon-
ment by Spain of the country for a period of
twenty'five years, we having in the meantime
done no more towards perfecting a title to the por-
tion of territory which is chiefly in question than
has been done by others, gentlemen now say that
our title derived from Spain is a good and valid
title, and that we must go to war* and fight all the
world m support of that title. It is, it appears to
me, to say the least, exceedingly rash. It is a
hasty and unadvised conclusion. Our title beyond
the latitude of forty-nine I will not say is absolute-
ly a conclusive title; I think there are doubts, the
more especially when we consider that when we
acquired that title from Spain there were existing
incumbrances. The question between Great Brit-
ain and Spain was not merely about the capture of
a ship or two; it was the first practical assertion
of aright on the part of Spain, and Great Britain
was prompt to meet it, and that right was never
re-asserted. Are we willing, then, to go forward
and assert a right which Spain herself relinquish-
ed? Are we prepared to fight for such a claim?
But I have occupied more time than I intended
upon this point, and I will proceed to other branch-
es of the subject.
By the Nootka Sound convention itself, it is said
Great Britain has no right to make settlements south
of Nootka Sound, or rather, south of any existing
settlement of Spain. iVly first answer to this is,
suppose Great Britain had no right to make settle-
ments there, how does that carry us up to 54° 40',
Nootka Sound being but little above 49°? I think
that gentlemen will be a good deal troubled to de-
monstrate that our right is extended by the nega-
tion of the right of Great Britain. Before we pro-
ceed to assert our exclusive title and to fight for it,
I would desire to see this difficulty removed. The
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Breese] endeavored to
demonstrate that, upon principles which Great Brit-
ain herself established, she has no right; that she
is by those principles cut off from all right. The
first of these principles is the grant made to Vir-
ginia. By this grant, the Senator maintains that
she is now estopped from claiming any right. Why,
Great Britain made this grant to her own subjects.
She gave them territory extending to the iPacific
ocean; but, instead of this being any waver of her
right, it is the very strongest evidence in her favor.
Does the Senator suppose that when she grants
a title to her subjects, she surrenders her jurisdic-
tion ? Does he suppose that she is thereby estop-
ped from setting up any claim; that because she
recognised the independence of a part of her colony
she is estopped from asserting her claim to the re-
mainder? If Spain had done on the Pacific coast
what Great Britain did on the Atlantic—if she had
founded colonies and perfected her title by complete
occupation, the case would be very different. But
this she never did. We had a difficulty with Spain,
which was terminated by the treaty of 1795; that
was a treaty establishing limits, but it was confined
to this side of the Mississippi; and this being so,
what becomes of our title derived from Spam to
territory lying westward of that river ? Is a grant
applying to territory on this side of the Rocky
mountains to be conclusive of a right upon the
other side ?
Mr. Evans here gave way to amotion for ad*
journment.
And the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 9, 1846. •  
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced that thee r^uiar
business of the day would be the eaii the States
for petitions. - \ *
