474-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
United States how hold these islands ill the Bay of |
Passamaquoddy. That was the second ease in
which a question involving territorial rights had
heen referred to arbitration by the Government of
the United States. There were two other provis-
ions in the same treaty for reference to arbitration;
and by which the question of title to the islands in
the river St. Lawrence was settled, and by which
the United States hold all the islands there which
now belonged to them. The other case was that
of the northeastern boundary question, referred to
the King of the Netherlands. Thus, under the
Administrations of Washington, of Madison, and
Adams, the question of territorial rights had been
referred to arhitiation. All these eminent men
had adopted the principle repudiated and denied in
the reply of the Secretary of State to Mr. Puken-
ham. It would be recollected that the men who
had thus acknowledged this principle were the
most illustrious of their time—men whose po-
litical purity, intelligence, and sagacity, could not
he questioned—whose patriotism could not be stain-
ed without disgrace to the national character. He
certainly did not believe that the present Adminis-
tration had purer patriotism than had these con-
script fatheis. The memoiicihsts had in view all |
these facts; and also the speeches of members of
Congress. They had board the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Allen] declare that this question of title
could not now be discussed—that it was too late to
discuss it—that they were committed to the claim
for the whole of the territory up to 54° 40'—that
they were committed by the convention with Rus-
sia m 18:24. Kor his life he (Mr. P.) could not
conceive how, by that convention, they agreed to
give up six degrees twenty minutes of latitude; yet,
if the title of Spam were good at all, that Mas just j
as much included within it as other portions of the '
disputed territory. I
It was said that they were akn committed hy the ;
Baltimore convention—by the election of 18-14—by
the declarations of the, Piesident—committed in
various other ways; and the Senator went on ,j
to say that the qui stion had come down to this, j
" I but we the nerve to maintain oar rights'" hie J
begged pardon of the Senate for using that word
"nerve." 1l had been so bandied about that ||
chamber that he thought it was time for the lexi- ;
cographers to give them a few synonyms—letting !j
the word " nerve '' be hereafter in all time coming
confer rated to ridicule. The Senator from Ohio ||
talked of preparing the hearts of the people for war. . i
To prepare the hearts of the people for war! The i
memorialists had heard the Senator from Ohio de- t
clare that Great Britain was shorn of her military
strength; that her military force and resources were
reduced one-third; and that we could send a larger
naval force to sea than any she e,ould immediately I
send; that she was one of the weakest of the iivc ■
great Powers of Europe, because she was not able
to bear up against misfortunes and reverses. In all
this, the memorialists did not agree with the Sena- j
tor tiom Ohio, and they think they should be false
to themselves and to their country if they encour-1|
aged such conclusions. He (Mr. P.) agreed with ]
them in their estimate of the military power of;|
Great Britain—that it is not such as represented by ' I
the Senator from Ohio. But he did not think it1
necessai y to go into proof of this, because such rep-
resentations would never beablc to force themselves
on the country, nor on the convictions of others.
They regarded the Senator as they did other mem-
bers of Congress, as stimulating the people to a !
course that would prove the most disastrous for ';
them. There had been speeches made here by grave
Senators, urging the people into the greatest of na-
tional evils—disgrace and war. They had read th e
extravagant heioics indulged m there in some of the |
speeches; and were it not too serious a subject, one
would be compelled to laugh at the extraordinary
l-httoiic indulged in. One orator, in describing the
eagle, represented him as soaring far beyond mortal
vision into the blue empyrean, and then pouncing
down on the British lion, making him spout blood
like a whale. Sometimes, during the description, it
became doubtful whether it was an eagle at all, but
some obscene bird of prey. But all this has not di-
verted the minds of the people from the consequen-
ces to flow from war. They said, in their memo-
rial, that the present foreign relations of the country
had excited a painful interest in the people of the
United States. They observed that it is the cause
of a wide-spread agitation, which, if not allayed by
some unforseen events, will be productive of the
most disastrous effects. They regard the preser-
vation of peace as the true policy and glory of the
country, not the martial achievements apparently
desiied so ardently by many honorable gentlemen.
They were disposed to inquire what are our rights
in this territory; and in doing so they went, fully
into the old Spanish title. They were well ac-
quainted with all the negotiations that had taken
place on the subject, and the treaties that had been
made since 1818; and accordingly they knew the
fact that for twenty-eight years we have held this
territory in conjunction with Great Britain—a fact
which they say they cannot but conclude is either
ail admission of some title on the part of Great
ltory
were wrong in combining to rob a falling State ot
her right, for it must, at all events, be admitted
that the United States agreed to a division of it
while Spain was in possession of the whole. The
memorialists had examined all the principles of
national law in regard to title by discovery, occu-
pation, and settlement. They said that for two
hundred years Spain never bad a settlement on the
main land, cither by authority from the crown, or
the act af her subjects; and that there was one
made under peculiar cirenmstances which was
abandoned afterwards; hence they have no hesita-
tion in pronouncing this title, as derived from
Spain, as void and useless. They say they arc
satisfied the question ought to be settled, and think
it can be settled; that it may be settled without der-
ogation of the rights of Great Britain or the United
States, without injury to either, or involving us in
war. Ill this srniimeut he concurred with the me-
moi lalists. He, believed that this matter could be,
settled; and he would say further, that he, trusted
if the. Administration had taken any erroneous
steps, they would retrace them. He hoped they
would allow no phantom of false, honor to lead
them astray to the injury of the true interests of
their country. And as they can settle this ques-
tion without injury to these.'interests, they will, in
doing so, he sustained by nine-tenths of the people
of the country; they certainly shall have his sup-
port. Ite asked that the memorial bo laid oil the
tabic, and be printed.
Mr. I'AIllFTELD said he did not rise to reply
at length to the remarks of the. Senator from Ma-
ryland, or to enter upon the discussion of the main
question presented; but simply to correct what he
deemed to be erroneous impressions of that Sena-
tor m regard to the convention executed in 1817,
and that of 1828, affecting the interests of Maine.
If he understood them rightly, they afforded no
precedent whatever for such an arbitration as is
proposed in regard to the Oregon territory. He
had not the treaty of ]814 before him, but he ap-
prehended that the Senator from Maryland, on re-
curring to the treaty of Ghent, under which this
commission of 1817 was appointed, would find that
! a question of line, a question of boundary was pro-
' vidod for, and not a question of title. The line was
agreed upon by the parties in the treaty of ]783;
and the only question to be'scttled was, whether
the running of that line left certain islands on the
American or on the British side. The title to the
I territory was not submitted any further than it was
i involved in the location of a line previously agreed
I upon. The commissioners had no power to create
■ a new line, to examine the muniments of title, and
1 determine whether our title was good or bad. The
question for the commissioners to determine was
I a geographical one merely. They were to ascer-
1 tain and determine where, upon the face of the
| earth, a line previously agreed on between England
I and the United States would fell. The duty was
rather mechanical than judicial. They were sur-
veyois, and not judges or arbitrators. But if this
was such an arbitration as the Senator from Mary-
: land supposes, instead of exulting over their ae-
■ quisitions under it, they should rather lament their
; losses. It should serve as a solemn warning to
! them not to subject again their territorial rights to
], any such tribunal. Why, instead of gaining any-
|> thing under that commission, they lost two of the
j, most magnificent islands m the world—islands to
! I which their title was as perfect as it is to any one
!| square foot of the whole territory of Oregon; he
;; referred to the islands of Campo "Bello and Grand
j ] Menan. In regard to the former, which was given
{I up to England, one might stand upon the Ameri-
II can shore and toss a biscuit upon it. A grosser
perversion of right—of sacrifice of title—was never
witnessed. No, instead of this furnishing any ar-
gument in favor of arbitration of the Oregon ques-
tion, it should serve as an admonition against it.
So again as to the convention of 1827, by which
the King of the Netherlands was made an arbitra-
tor between England and the United States, by re-
curring to its terms it will be found that the ques-
tion of title was not submitted. His duty was
simply to decide where upon the face of the earth
the line agreed upon in the treaty of 1783 would
fall. And it will he recollected that what he called
his award in this case was set aside and disregard-
ed by both parties. Why? Because he undertook
to go beyond the terms of the submission and make
a new line, when his power and duty was confined
to the locating of an old and subsisting one. It
was not for the King of the Netherlands to say
whether our title was good or bad, or where a di-
vision of the territory would be most convenient
for the parties. Hence his award was set aside
and disregarded. It is submitted, therefore, to the
judgment of the Senator from Maryland whether
'lie can fairly use this as a precedent for such a sub-
mission as is now proposed in the case of the Ore-
gon territory.
Mr. PEARCE had but one word to say m reply.
The award of the King of the Netherlands was set
aside because it did not decide the title. The Sen-
ator said that two islands had been lost by refer-
ence to the commissioners. If so, the title must
have been submitted. If Great Britain got the
islands, he supposed she had some title to them.
If not, why did they not go to war and reclaim
them ? He was sorry that any fresh ingredients
had been thrown into the discussion, on which he
had then no design to enter.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of Ben-
jamin Crawford, asking remuneration for the loss
of property and imprisonment, in consequence of
an arrest, by an officer of the United States army
while trading with the Creek Indians, in 1840;
which was leferred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. S. also presented the memorial of Jones,
Baker, and others, praying payment of certain
treasury notes purloined from the mail, and putin
circulation, instead of being forwarded to the peti-
tioners; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CASS presented)|the memorial of citizens of
Milwaukie, Wisconsin,"praying the establishment
of a daily mail between Detroit and Milwaukie;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. C. also presented the memorial of John
Halbert, of Michigan, praying remuneration for
extra services as sub-Indian agent in the above
State; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. MILLER presented the memorial of mem-
bers of the bar of New Jersey, praying the pay-
ment to the district judges of that State of the un-
expended salary of Judge Baldwin, late of the Su-
preme Court; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. DIX presented two memorials of citizens of
Genesee county, and one. of citizens of Onondaga
county, New York, praying the abrogation of cer-
tain treaties with the Seneca Indians; which were
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. EAGBY presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Alabama, praying an appropriation for
deepening the channel of Mobile bay, and remo-
ving the obstructions in the Iberville river; which
was ordered to be printed, and so much of it as
relates to deepening the channel of Mobile bay
was referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
the remainder was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of Hannah
Peltz, heir of John Beardon, deceased, praying
compensation for property destroyed by the United
States troops during the invasion of Florida in
1812 and 1813; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SPEIGHT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back without amendment a bill
appropriating alternate sections of the public lands
for the improvement of Pearl river.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives to amend the act ap-
proved 2d of April, 1844, entitled " An act directing
