1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
the disposition of certain goods, wares, or mer-
chandise, seized for being illegally imported into
the United States," reported the same back to the
Senate without amendment.
Mr. A. also asked that the Committeeon the
Judiciary be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition of Pearson Cogswell, and
that it be referred to the Committee of Claims;
•which was agreed to.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph
Wilson; which was read, and the accompanying
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported a bill making alterations in the pay
department of the army; which was read a first
time, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. SEMPLE, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to remodel the
consular establishment of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the special
order; which motion was agreed to.
SPECIAL ORDER OREGON THE NOTICE.
Mr. EVANS resumed his remarks, and after
briefly recapitulating the course of his argument
yesterday, he proceeded as follows: I think that
these extreme claims which cannot he well main-
tained, or have not been clearly established, if in-
sisted upon, will have a tendency to weaken the
claim to that portion of the territory to which we
have a good title. If we thus intermingle the good
and the bad, claiming that the one is as strong as
the other, the necessary effect must be to weaken,
in the judgment of the world, our title to that por-
tion of the territory to which we have a valid claim.
I think the attention of the Government should
have been most directed to the title obtained by the
cession of Louisiana. If it lmd not been run or
driven off into the assertion that we had as good a
right to the extreme limits which we claim, it would
have been much more politic. I think we have a
title by the cession of Louisiana, connected with
the other public transactions already adverted to,
upon which we can stand fairly before the world
in the assertion of our claim to forty-nine degrees.
Thehonorablc Senator from Michigan, [Mr Cass,]
a while ago, as I understood him in some of the in-
cidental discussions which came up here, said he
did not see why the parallel of 49° should be se-
lected—that it was an arbitrary line, and we might
as well agree upon any other—that it was connect-
ed with nothing, and had nothing to recommcrtd
its adoption. I do not so understand it at all.
The parallel of 49° was an early established boun-
dary between the British, French, and Spanish
c possessions on this continent. It was no arbitrary
line. By the treaty of Utrecht, negotiated, I think,
in 1714, it was agreed that the commissaries—as
they were then called; commissioners is the term
now—should establish a boundary line between
the French and English possessions, and the 49th
parallel was the line chosen.
After we obtained Louisiana, we contended that
this parallel of 49° was the northern boundary of
Louisiana, arid we claimed by it as such. Discus-
sions arose between us and England on that point:
and it so happened that twelve days before the
treaty for Louisiana was signed, when it was un-
known to the American Minister at London that
any such treaty had been made, we agreed on a
convention with England fixing limits between us
and her American possessions. By the treaty of
peace in 1783 our northern boundary line was to
run from the northwest corner of the Lake of the
"Woods (which was then supposed to be exactly
under the parallel of 49°, but was subsequently
found to be about 37' further north) westward to
the Mississippi river. It was supposed by those
who drew up the treaty that such a line would
strike the Mississippi; but on actual survey of the
country, it was found that none of the head-waters
of that great river extended so far north. What
was the consequence ? Great Britain said, as the
treaty required the line to run " to the Mississip-
pi," in order to fulfil its conditions, the line must
start at the Lake of the Woods, and run in the
nearest practicable direction to the waters of that
river furthest north. To this all agreed. Accord-
ingly, the 5th article of our treaty stipulated for a
line, not running on the latitude of 49°, but di-
verging to the south from it till it struck the north-
ernmost branch of the Mississippi. This was twelve
days before we got our title to Louisiana. The
British treaty coming before the Senate, the ques-
tion was, whether it should be ratified? It would
cut us off from the latitude of 49°, and the Senate
was in great doubt on the subject. Finally, the
treaty was ratified, with the exception of that arti-
cle. The ratifications, however, were never ex-
changed. The year after, a negotiation was entered
into by Mr. Monroe, who was then in England,
in which he said to the British negotiator, " True,
we agreed before to a line south of 49°, because
none other would reach the Mississippi river; but
since then we have got the title to Louisiana, which
extends up to latitude 49° as its northern bound-
ary, and now we cannot consent to a convention
on the former basis; we claim the country up to
latitude 49°." Adhering: firmly to this ground, we
finally obtained it, and drove Great Britain back
to 49°, as provided by the treaty of Utrecht, it
being recognised as the northern boundary of Lou-
isiana.
Now comes the argument that Louisiana, while
on the north it extended to 49°, on the west it
went to the shores of the Pacific. The Senator
from Illinois insists that it does, because Great
Britain, by the treaty of 1783, relinquished all her
claims to the territory west of the Mississbmi river.
She claimed all the country north of 49°, and if
she can claim nothing west of the Mississippi, so
she can claim nothing south of 40°. We may put
this to her under the treaty of 17(33, wo may hold
her to her own agreement, and insist that she shall
not go either west of the Mississippi oi south of
latitude 49°. There lies the strength of our title.
And so it should beaigued; if it shall be, we shall
see what she has to answer to our argument.
This is ihe reason why the line of 49° was adopt-
ed, and why we ask that that hoe, extended to the
Pacific, shall be assumed as our boundary. After
we obtained Louisiana, Mr. Jefferson nuule a con-
vention with England, by which the latitude of 49°
was agreed on as our northern boundary, fioin the
Lake of the Woods to t he Roeky mountains. Why
not extend the same line westward to the ocean?
We desired this then; and Mr. Jefferson found
much fault that it was not agreed to. The matter
was finally adjusted by the Senate, and then fill
through. In every negotiation of oms afterwards,
in 1818, m 18534, and in we always set up
our claim, under the Louisiana treaty, to have this
line of 49° extended to the coast as our northern
boundary; and I think we may maintain our right
to it. It is certainly the strongest claim we have;
and I think we may stand upon uhefoie ih^w oi Id.
If this shall be admitted to be good, wv do not
want any more. Why weaken our title by claim-
ing more than we can faiily establish a title to*
But, to go to some other matters which have
been drawn into this discussion, 1 say that those
who are in favor of giving this notice—who arc
for taking this prompt and derided measure—
should assign some satisfactory reasons for its
adoption. Why should it be done? Various rea-
sons have been assigned. The honorable Senator
from Missouii, [Mi. Bf.ntton,] who ec it. only lias
investigated this whole subject more closely than
any other member of this body, if not more than
any other citizen of the country-—who is intimate
with its history, and the strength of our title to the
territory—assigns as one reason for giving the no-
tice, that what it seeks to terminate ought never
to have been entered into; that it was decidedly
wrong, and therefore should be put an end to as |
speedily as possible; that it has been the source of j
much evil and mischief which he foresaw at the
time, and predicted, as 1 believe he did—no doubt j
of that; and that subsequent events have fully ver- !
ified his predictions. Now, whether the conven- j
tion was originally right or wrong, I will not un- !
dertake to say. This much I may say, that it is
not always wise to undo what it was not wise to
do at the'time. We are to see where we are to be
left when the notice shall be given. When that
measure is taken, what is to be our condition ? Is
it to restore us to a better position than that which
we now occupy? or is it to plunge us into a worse
condition ? Whether the convention has been the
source of any particular difficulties and mischief,
nobody, I think, can tell. Undoubtedly, difficul-
ties did exist thereafterwards,and those who were,
at the time, opposed to the convention, attributed
to it the origin and existence of these difficulties.
But who can tell how much greater difficulties—
how much more bloodshed—how much more mis-
chief would have been produced, had no conven-
tion been entered into for the purpose of restrain-
ing and regulating the subjects of the two nations
who might meet there in the wilderness?
I cannot think that the evils have been so great
as the Senator supposes, notwithstanding his great
knowledge. He read a document communicated
to Congress fifteen years ago, early in the Admin-
istration of General Jackson—communicated by
the President—reciting the many evils which we
had suffered, and complaining of, or, at all events,
communicating to Congress, certain acts of violence
which had been committed in that territory. Well,
if these evils had necessarily resulted from the con-
vention—if these had been acts for which Great
Britain was responsible—if these had been viola-
tions of our rights—it does seem to me that the
then President and Congress of the United States
would have demanded redress, and would have ob-
tained redress. Would they have submitted then,
and would submission have continued from that
day till this? If so, why did not General Jackson
give notice to terminate the convention 9t that mo-
ment, when all the facts were before him—when
all these evils were within his knowledge? But
not a word was said of that then to my knowledge.
At all events, it was never made a question by the
then President of the United States, and the exist-
ing Administration, to obtain redress by putting an
end to the conven ion -which it is now proposed to
abrogate. I cannot be satisfied, therefore, that
these evils which the Senator predicted have flowed
from the convention. 1 do not deny that acts of
violence have been committed. I do not deny that
certain < vds have existed. Hut I deny that they
have been the result of the convention. On the con-
tiary, I am very much inclined to think that it there
had been no convention regulating the intercourse
of the people of the two nations there, we would
have heard of many more scenes of violence—heard
of many more murders—and witnessed the exist-
ence of many more evils than those of which we
have luard, and which ha\c existed.
Another reason asM^ned f'U* giving this notice
is, that it would put us in amore advantageous po-
sition—that it will restore to us what we lost by
the convention. The Senntor from Illinois, [Mr.
Bhkrse,] I believe, dwelt most on this topic. He
holds that the notice would give us the rightful
possession of the whole country. That by that
means we would be in undisputed possession of the
whole country—every inch of it; that our laws
would prevail; that there would be no room for
further controversy. [Mr. E. here read the ex-
tract from Mr. Bueese's speech on which he was
commenting.] I believe that the Senator founds
this opinion on the declaration attributed to Lord
Ciisilereagh—and 1 believe correctly attributed to
hnn. When, m IRIS, they agreed to surrender
what they called Fort George", and we Astoria,
Lord Castlercagh admitted our right to be the
party m possession whilst the title was under dis-
cussion, and hence the Senator infers that if we
terminate this convention, we shall be remitted to
the condition in which we were previous to the
convention; and this condition he says was, by the
acknowledgment of England herself, that of the
party m possession; so that we shall have a right
to fortify ourselves there, and to extend our laws
up to 54° 40'. It seems to me that the Senator
misunderstands the point hete involved. What
state of things existed in 1818, when, as he says,
we were thus put in possession, by admission, of
the whole of the territory5 We had not got the
Spanish title. We had not set up a claim beyond
49°— not a line is to be found—not a word, not a
syllable was uttered of any claim beyond 49°. In
that state of things England agreed to restore to
us—what? The settlement—merely the settlement
of Fort George, at the mouth of the Columbia
river. Well, the Senator contends that that was
not only an admission of our rights, but that it
will restore us the undisputed possession not only
of all that we claimed at that time, when the restora-
tion of the settlement was made, but also of all that
we have since got any title to, up as far as 54° 40';
and that there we shall be by giving this notice.
Well, now, one of my objections to this notice is,
that instead of restoring anything, quieting any-
thing, adjusting anything, its effect will be to open
immediately a new series of questions, dangerous
to be touched, and tending only to render the sub-
