478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
people there. You are bound by the Constitution
to do it; the same duties are to be paid there as in
other places. Do they want the protection of a
registrar from us, and all that? In the long run
we shall find that our policy is inapplicable to
them, and not for their benefit; and we would be
certain to hear of complaints from them of oppres-
sive legislation. It has been asserted by the Sen-
ator from Illinois that that territory in the course
of time will be dependant neither on the United
States nor Great Britain. I think so, too; and it
would be far better for both them and us. If Ore-
gon and the whole of California could be connected
together, it would make a very respectable nation.
Situated on the shores of the Pacific—separated
from us by an almost impassable barrier of moun-
tains—it seems to me our good would be vastly
promoted by such an arrangement. But it is time
enough for those who live fifty years hence to set-
tle this matter. I will, sir, detain the Senate no !
longer. I am at a loss what course to pursue in !
regard to the matter before us. I have said if there j
was a reasonable assurance that we could, from
the progress of affairs, or from those entitled to
give such assurance, promise ourselves that the
purposes of this movement are pacific, and tend to
a settlement of difficulties, I would have no objec-
tion to vote for it; that there is nothing I could do
which I am not ready to do for the Administration.
On the other hand, if I cannot feci such assurance—
if the declarations of the Executive and his inten-
tions are to be interpreted as the Senators from Il-
linois, Indiana, and Ohio, have interpreted them—
that they bind the President to the assertion of our
title to the whole of Oregon—by arms, if need be—
I shall most undoubtedly go against it. Whatever
be the issue of our discussions and votes here, 1
hope, sir, it will terminate in. the preservation of |i
the peace and honor of the country, as I believe it j'
will do, if wise and just counsels shall prevail. !
Mr. R. JOHNSON then rose and said that it I
was his desire to take part in the debate, but at !
that period of the day he would not trespass on j
the time of the Senate. He moved that the Senate ■
proceed to the consideration of Executive busi- !
ness. j
This motion was unanimously agreed to; and |
after a short time spent with closcd doors, I
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 10, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved*
The Speaker announced that the business first m
order would be the following resolution, offered j
yesterday by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. C, J. l-vgerboll.*]
Itesolvcd, That this House will adjourn to-mor-
row, (i. c. to-day,) Tuesday, the 10thinst., at three
o'clock, m order to attend the funeral of John P.
Van Ne.^s, formeily a member of this House, and !
since Mayor of the city of Washington. j
Mr. G. W. JONES inquired if the resolution |
had been received. [
The SPEAKER said it had been received. ,
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays on the j
adoption of the resolution. I
Mr. HOPKINS moved that it be laid on the j
table. j
And the question having been taken, the vote j
stood—ayes 68, noes 51.
So the resolution was laid on the table. !
Mr. WENTWORTH offered a resolution, m j
the usual foim, providing that all debate on the
bill making appropriations for the improvement of 1
certain harbors and rivers should cease m Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union at
two o'clock on Tuesday next.
Mr. ROBERTS moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved to amend the res-
olution so as to substitute Thursday of this week
for Tuesday next.
Mr. WENTWORTH was understood to object
to such an amendment—the resolution being, he
said, a resolution of compromise.
Mr. HOUSTON then modified his amendment
so as to substitute Friday for Thursday.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Roberts, and decided in the negative.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
And the question recurring on the modified
amendment of Mr. Houston,
Mr. WINTHROP asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH, before the vote was
taken, desired to call the attention of the House to
the fact that Friday and Saturday were private bill
days, and that Monday was resolution day.
The question was then taken and decided in the
negative—yeas59, nays 111.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution,
Mr. STEWART moved that it be laid on the
table; which motion was rejected.
And the question again recurring on the adop-
tion of the resolution,
Mr. GORDON asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered; and, being taken, were—yeas 1U6,
nays 66.
So the resolution was adopted.
And the House therefore derided that the debate
should terminate at two o'clock on Tuesday next.
Mr. HENLEY asked leave to oiTer the follow-
ing resolution, which was read for information:
Resolved, That 35,000 extra copies of the report
of the Commissioner of Patents, without the list
of pate its granted or expired, and the list of claims,
ana 7,000 copies of the whole report, be printed,
2,000 of which to he at the disposal of the Com-
missioner of Patents.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired if the resolution
was subject to amendment?
Before the SPEAKER had replied,
Mr. STEWART objected to its reception.
Mr. WENTWORTH desired to move to sub-
stitute one hundred thousand copies for the num-
ber recommended in the resolution.
Mr. TiJ>l>ATTS moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. G, S. HOUSTON said he should move that
the House adjourn, and go home.
The SPEAKER was about to put the question
on the motion of Mr. Tibbatts, which is a privi-
leged motion.
Mr. HENLEY said he desired to make one re-
mark. lie hoped the House would dispose of the
i evolution now; if delay took place in the publica-
tion of these extra copies, their cost would be much
laiger than if ordeicd now.
The SPEAKER. There is no debatable motion
before the House. The question is on going into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HENLEY desned the Speaker to state
what was the position of the resolution.
The SPEAKER The gentleman asked the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce the
resolution, and it was read for information. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stewart] rose
and objected; and, pending the question of leave,
j the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Tibbatts]
moved that the House resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. That
is a privileged motion, and at any time m order.
Mr. HENLEY. 1 desire to make a motion to
suspend the rules for the purpose of introducing
this resolution.
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order, unless
the gentleman from Kentucky shall withdraw his
motion.
Mr. TIBBATTS. I understood that the recep-
tion of the resolution had been objected to by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Air. Stewart,]
and I then made my motion. But I withdraw n
for the present, to enable the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Hexley] to submit his motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. STEWART said he renewed the motion
that the House resolve itselfinto Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Hexley,] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. HENLEY then moved that the rules of the
House be .suspended, to enable him to introduce
the resolution.
Mr. STEWART asked the yeas and nays, which
were refused.
And the question having been then taken, and
two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules were
suspended.
1 he resolution being thus before the House, and
the question being on its adoption,
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to amend it by
striking out " 35,000/' and inserting " 100,000
copies.
Mr. B. MARTIN was understood to inquire
whether it would be in order to move that the
amendment be laid on the table. His object in
suggesting such a motion was economy.
The SPEAKER said that such a motion, if it
prevailed, would carry the whole subject with it.
Mr. MARTIN did not, therefore, make the mo-
tion.
Mr. STEWART moved to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH now modified his amend-
ment, so as to substitute " 50,000" for " 100,000"
copies.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Stewart, and decided in the negative.
So the whole subject was not laid on the table.
And the question recurring on the modified
amendment of Mr. Wentworth—
Mr. HENLEY desired, he said, to state a fact
for the information of the House. He understood
that objection had been made to the publication of
this document, bccause it was suspected that it
contained some party principles, or something con-
nected with the tariff. He had been informed
that probably his friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stewart] was under that impression, though he
(Mr. H.) had not himselfheara the gentleman say
so. So far as he,had examined the report, he did
not believe that there was a word contained in it
that could be construed into party politics, or into
an argument for or against the tariff. He would
send to the Clerk's table, with a request that it
might be read, a letter from the Commissioner of
Patents in relation to the contents of the document.
The letter was here read by the Clerk.
Mr. HENLEY. One word more, Mr. Speaker.
I consider that this officc ought to be kept entirely
clear of party politics; and if any incumbent of it,
now or hereafter, would make up a report contain-
ing anything of a party character, I would not vote
to print a single copy.
Mi. HOGE demanded the previous question.
Mr. G. DAVIS desired Mr. H. to withdraw the
demand, to enable him (Mr. D.) to offer a proviso
by way of amendment.
Mr. HOGE not withdrawing,
Mr. DAVIS asked that the proviso might be
read for information.
And it was read. It provides that the profit on
paper, ink, composition, and press-work should
not excced $3,000.
Mr. D. desired to state a fact, and made a re-
mark (amidst some cries to order) which the re-
porter did not hear.
The question was then'taken on the demand for
the previous question, and there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Mr. CULLOM asked the yeas and nays on the
amendment; which were ordered.
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON inquired of the
Chair whether it was in order to take the question
separately on the motion to strike out and insert?
The SPEAKER, said it would not be in order,
the motion to strike out, by the rules, being indi-
visible.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Wentworth, and the vote was as follows:
YEAR—Messsrs. Arnold, Bedmget, Buffington, John H.
Campbell, Cranston, Dillingham, Dixon, Dockerv, Faran,
Fickiin, Garvin, Gidding*, Eha< B. Holmes. Hopkins,
Hough, Samuel D. Hubbard, Jenkins, James H. Johnson,.
Loib, Levin, Long, James McDowell, Marsh, Moultou,
Parish, Pemll, Ferry, Ramsey, Root, Sawtelie, $chenck,
Robert Smith, Wentvvorth, Wiieaton, Winthrop, and Wood-
worth—26.
NAYS—Messrs?. Ahhott, John Qnincy Adams, Stephen
Adams, Ashmun, Atkinson, Barnnger, Bell, Benton, Biggs,
James Black, Jame? A. Black, blanehard, Bowlin, Boyd,.
Brmkeiholf, Drocllicad, WilUatn O. Brown, Burt, William
\V. Campbell, Carroll, Cathcart, Augustus A. Chapman,
Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke,
Collin, Crozier, Cullom, Culver, Cummins, Cunningham,
Darnel, Garrett Davis, De Mott, Dobbin, Dromgoole, Dun-
lap, Erdman, John H Ewmg, Edwin H. Ewing, Foster,
Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Graham, Grider, Grinnell, -Gro-
ver, Hamlin, Hampton, Haralson, Harmanson, Harper,.
Henley, Hernek, Hoge, John W. Houston, George S.
Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Hungerford, Washington
Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Jngersoll, Joseph R. In-
gersoll. Andrew Johnson, George w.Jones, Seaborn Jones,
Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Preston King, Thomas Butler
King, Lawrence, Leake, La Sere, Lewis, Lumpkin, Mc-
Ciean, McClelland, MeCiernand, McConaell, Joseph J.
McDowell, McGaughey, MeHenry, Mcllvame, McKay,
John P. Martin, Barclay Martin, Miller, Mcffns, Morse,
Moselev, Niven, Owen, Payne, Pendleton, Petut, Pollock,
Price, Rath bun, Reid, Relffe, Rhett, Riteer, Roberts, Jahus-
Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Runk, Sawyer, Scammon,
Seaman, Seddon, Severance, Leonard H. Sims, Sampson,
