480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March:''ll!
" inland seas," where ships float, and where
whales could swim, he supposed. But he was
not yet satisfied; his mind wanted more light; and
he believed after all that the light struck up by
that convention was a sort of ignis fatuus which,
instead of leading them into a safe harbor, would
lead them into the swamp, from which they would
never emerge, of political darkness—he would not
say of political destruction. He was-not going to
quarrel about the Ohio and the Mississippi; he
cared not where the money was expended, if ex-
pended properly and where it is needed, for objects
which are within the pale of the Constitution.
A great cry had been made, especially by the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Pay.ve,] that more
money had been expended for defence at the North
than at the South. Mr. G. dissented from this
statement with reference to what had already been
expended; but Texas had not come in for her
share yet. The State of Texas would soon be
heard by her Representatives on this floor, and soon
we should be called upon to appropriate millions
on millions for her harbors; she would fix herself
hke a horse-leech upon the treasury of the country,
and would not give over until gorged, and all her
ports and harbors had received due attention from
the treasury of this nation—more attention than
they deserve, and more than other sections have
received.
Having finished what he had to say upon the
bill, he wished now to speak a little of matters
and things in general, as the " state of the Union
generally" was 44 under consideration." The
West, the great and growing "West, had complain-
ed that it had not been fairly dealt by. [Mr. G.
referred to an article from the " Daily Times"
upon this subject.] He was sorry to see such
complaints, for he really thought the West was
getting nearly all the appropriations that were
made, and still they were not satisfied.
[A vojee: 44 What ha\e wcaot'5"*]
Mr. G. would Ut\\ them what they had got. He
had heard some gentlemen the other day say, upon
the authority of a distinguished southern statesman
who had taken a prominent part at the Memphis
convention, that some fifteen or sixteen millions of
dollars had been expended in the West, which were
not worth a dollar. Who had got this immense
amount but the West? It had been expended upon
the rivers and the harbors on the lakes for the ben-
efit of the West.
[A voice: " For the benefit of the East also."]
No, (contended Mr. G.) for the benefit of the
West. The great Erie canal, and the line of com-
munications from the East to the West to the farm-
ers of New York has been a curse rather than a
blessing; it has brought the West nearer to the rify
of New York than the very lands of his constitu-
ents, which were within sixty miles of the Hud-
son river. There had already been appropriated
for these western lakes $2,861,96*4, not one dollar
of which went for the benefit of New York or the
eastern States.
[A voice: " Where is Buffalo ?"]
Mr. McCLELLAND mquiied if Lakes Ontario,
Chomplain, and a part of Erie, were counted in the
West:
Mr. GORDON. Since the completion of the
Welland canal they were.
Some confusion and some irregular conversation
followed.
Mr. G. further stated that the benefit of these
great lines of communication mured especially and
almost exclusively to the West, enabling them to
become the powerful and successful competitors of
the market of New&York in agricultural produc-
tions, and injuiing, m this point of view, instead of
benefiting the fanners of the State of New York.
The West (Mr. G-. continued) had had 6,643,792
acres of kind, worth at least ^1 50 per acre, m ad-
dition to nearly three millions of dollars given for
roads and canals. He heaid a voice saying they
had fought for it, and won the whole of it. Where
was the West (he asked) in the ievolutionary war?
In the womb of time. Niw York and the old
thirteen States fought for and won the whole of the
public domain, and ceded it to the confederation
and the Union; and this Government had mag-
nanimously given away to this young and grow-
ing infant of the West 6,642,000 acres of land for
roads and canals, besides near three million dol-
lars in money. This was not all. There were
bills reported this session appropriating for inter-
nal improvements in the West nearly three million
dollars, and about eight million acres of land.
Not only that, but they wanted all the mineral
lands brought within the general land policy, and
then they would introduce bills to cede these lands
to the States in which they lie. And if all this
was not done, they would complain, he supposed,
that they were not well treated. This was all very
modest! Still the West complained that it had
been "wronged, plundered, oppressed, and out-
raged."
It had. been stated that We were to purchase free
trade in the ports of-Great Britain for our gram
and breadstuffs by the .surrender of half of the ter-
ritory of Oregon, and a reduction of our own tariff.
He ctid not believe that our policy should be reg-
ulated or governed by the policy of Great Britain
in any respect; that our just rights in Oregon were
to be maintained at every hazard, and our tariff
modified without any regard to what Great Britain
might do with her own tariff. If we should cede
the one-half of Oregon as the equivalent for the
reduction of the tariff, she might turn round and
raise her duties, and would do so undoubtedly,
and shut her ports against the entrance of our
breadstuffs whenever it might suit her interests.
He was a revenue-tariff man, and he held that we
ought to do what our duty required in the matter
of modifying our tariff, without reference to the ac-
tion of Great Britain upon hers. The tariff of 1842
should be the basis of our action, and such mod-
ifications should be made as time and experience
had shown to be necessary, with reference to the
treasury and to equal justice to all the great in-
terests of the country.
[Before Mr. G. had concluded his remarks, of
which the above is but a general sketch, the chair-
man's hammer fell, and he resumed his seat.]
The committee, finding itself without a quorum,
rose and reported that fact to the House.
The SPEAKER, by consent, laid before the
House the following Executive communications:
J. A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in obedience to the lesolution of the House of
the 21st ultimo, reports relative to the condition of
Fort Dearborn, at Chicago, Illinois, as to the con-
version of the same into a marine hospital, and
whether the land near said fort cannot be sold, in
order to raise the necessaiy amount to defray the
expenses of so converting the same; and also as to
the propriety of selling the site of said fort, &c.;
which letter, &c., weie referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
II. A letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting a report in answer to the resolution
of the House of the 16tli ult., relative to the pur-
chase of hemp for the use of the navy; the growth,
quality, and price paid for the same; and the meas-
ures, if any, taken under the law establishing a
hemp agency in Kentucky and Missouri; which
letter and report were referied to the Committee on
Agriculture.
III. A letter from the Postmaster General, in
answer to the resolution of the House of the 3d i
instant, relative to arrangements made by him for >|
the transportation of (he mail between this and],
foieign countries, accompanied by copies of con- |j
tiacts, &c., together with the copies of the bids, ;;
contracts, &c.; which letter, &c., weie referred to j
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
IY. A letter from the Treasurer of the United ■'
States, transmitting copies of his accounts ior the l|
service of the Post Office Department for the year j;
ending the 30th June, 1845; which letter and ac-
counts were referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. YANCEY moved that the House resolve ;
if self into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, to xesume the consideration of the j;
river and harbor bill. 'j
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the House adjourn. ,
The yeas and nays were asked. j
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON asked leave to offer 1
a resolution changing the hour of meeting to eleven ;■
o'clock, whilst this bill was under discussion.
The resolution was not received. _ s
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion i
to adjourn.
Mr. ASHMUN withdrew the motion.
Mr. THOMPSON again asked leave to offer his <
resolution. ;
Objected to. :
The question was then taken on the motion of j
Mr. Yancey, and the vote stood—ayes 55, noes ;
45. [No quorum voting.] j
Mr. W. HUNT moved that the House adjourn."
Mr. HENLEY moved that when the House id-'
journs, it adjourn to meet to-morrow eleven
o'clock.
The SPEAKER said the motion w&g not in
order.
The yeas and nays were ordered oh the motion
to adjourn, and, being taken, were—yeas 58,'ftays
60.
So the House refused to adjourn.
On motion of Mr. HENLEY, it was resolved
that when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet
at eleven o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. YANCEY moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. WINTHROP moved that the House ad-
journ.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, beifig
taken, were—yeas 51, nays 59.
So the House refused to adjourn.
But no quorum voted.
Mr. PRICE moved that there be a call of the
House; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved that the House
adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being ta-
ken, were—yeas 58, nays 54.
So the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 11, 1848.
The Journal having been read,
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented the petition of
citizens of Wisconsin, praying the establishment
of a daily mail on the route between Detroit and
Milwaukie; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BAGBY presented the memorial of Wilson
& Hallett, of Mobile, Alabama, praying that an
amount of duties paid by them on a quantity of
salt subsequently destroyed by fire, may be refund-
ed to them; which was referred to the Committee
on Financc.
Mr. CHALMERS presented the memorial of
the Legislature of Mississippi, praying that the
sixteenth sections, or school lands in that State,
covered by Indian reservations, maybe located on
other public lands in the State of Mississippi;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DICKINSON presented two petitions of
citizens of Genesee county, New York, praying
the abrogation of certain treaties made with the
Scneca Indians; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BENTON presented the memorial of lieu-
tenants of the United States army, holding the ap-
pointments of adjutants of regiments, praying to be
allowed the additional ration provided for by the
act of March 2, 1827; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WEBSTER presented three petitions of cit-
izens of Massachusetts, praying; that steel may be
admitted into the ports of the United States free of
duty; which were referred to the Committee on
Manufactures.
Mr. W. also presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying the abrogation of certain trea-
ties made with the Seneca Indians; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the petition of the heirs of Major E. A. Ripley,
: was taken from the table, and referred to the Com-
I mittee of Claims.
1 Mr. SIMMONS submitted the following reso-
j lution; which was agreed to:
! Resolved, That the Committee on the Post OfKce
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a mail-route from the city
of Providence, Fhode Island, to Framinghatft de-
■ pot, oil the Boston and Worcester railroad, through
. rawtucket "village, in North Providence, the east-
erly part of Cumberland, West Wrentham, Frank-
lin, Medway, and Holliston.
; REPORTS FIU)M COMMITTEES.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee off Na-
; val Affairs, reported back to the Senate a bill (from
\ the House) for the relief of John E. Hollaiid> with-
; out amendment. . _
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill providing
