1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
Here he tells the British Government that commis-
saries had established the line according to that
treaty, and, when the boundary reached the paral-
lel of 49, it ran westwardly along that parallel in-
definitely towards the ocean. And from the earliest
period, ever since 1715, which was the date of the
treaty of Utrecht, that boundary line is to be found
on every map of authority from that day to this.
I said that the modern doctrine (broached, as I be-
lieve, for the first time by Mr. Greenhow) is that
that line never was in fact run. Why, sir, it never
was contemplated to be run physically. It would
have been almost physically impossible to have run
such a line in the condition in which the country
then was, considering the great extent anil charac-
ter of territory over which it was to extend. The
treaty does not say that it shall be run; it says that
it shall be " described," and it was so described,
as we contend on the authority of Mr. Monroe,
derived from President Madison. It was described
as intended to rim on the 49th parallel of latitude
indefinitely—that is, to the ocean.
I make bold to say that, at the period of the 5th
of September, 1804, 110 agent of the Government
had so much as pretended'to any claim on our part
beyond this line of 49°, but up to that line that our
title was clear and undeniable, and so I think it is.
But, in the condition in which our title now stands,
1 hold that necessity demands a compromise. 1
think there is no Senator on this floor who reflects
{or a moment, but must admit that in the absence
of all compromise war is inevitable. (Spain has
relinquished all her claim; Russia claims nothing
south of 54° 40'; and there is no other Government
which asserts a title to the country between the
parallels of 42 and 54 but England and the United
States.
How are these conflicting claims to be settled >
How should we have to settle them if it was a mow
question? After wo have induced the subject of
Great Britain to come into the country and hold
it m common with ourselves, under the treaty of
1818; and after we have renewed that treaty in
1827, leaving: the question of sovereignty unde-
cided; and after we have permitted mid* invited
England to extend her laws o\er them as we [im-
pose to extend ours,—what do magnanimity and
national honor require at our hands > Obviously a
fair and honorable division of the territory. And
if this can be done by the adoption of a line pecu-
liarly appropriate to constitute a boundary, then 1
hold it is proper, on our part, to fix on such a line.
i\Tow I ask, what is our boundary with the Eng-
lish possessions east of the Rocky mountains?
The parallel of 49°. What is the most natural
boundary for us to adopt west of these mountains?
The parallel of 49°. What line was established
under the provisions of the treaty of Utrecht as be-
ing-the most natural and proper for a boundary ?
The parallel of 49°. What is the line that should
be adopted, looking to the relative advantages of
both parties? The parallel of 49°. And 1 say that
if this were now a new question, coming up for the
first time before an American Congress, the na-
tional honor, so far from being violated by the
adoption of that boundary, could, on the contrary,
be preserved and vindicated by this means only,
is it-honorable in a high-minded nation to tell the
subjects of another nation to come m with their
laws; to invite them over and over again to extend
their possessions in the country; and then, after
we have got them in, they fondly believing that
they were to live under the protection of British
law and British power, to say to these same per-
sons, " Retire, go out of the country, or we will
extend over you our laws exclusively!" I admit,
that as far as the mere question of right depends—
as far as the proposition whether title, in the legal
sense, is to be acquired by any possession held by
either of the two nations under the treaty of 1818—
it cannot be debated, because the treaty pro\ ided
that such common possession was not to alfect
the question of title. But I think it must be ob-
vious, looking-at the character of the transaction,
the manner in which it originated, and what was
declared to be its purpose, that it is no more than
right on the part of each of the nations to offer and
accept a fair division.
But it is not a new question; arid what the Gov-
ernment has heretofore done imposes on us an im-
perative duty to settle the controversy on the par-
allel of 49° if it can be done. In IS IS we proposed
that line to Great Britain as a boundary, together
•with the free navigation of the Columbia river; in
1824 we proposed the same line without the navi-
gation of the river; in 1836 the offer of 1818 was
renewed. In 1843, under Mr. Tyler, when the at-
tention of this Government was again drawn to the
subject, authority was given to our Minister to re-
new the offers of 1818 and 182G, both as to the line
and the river.
Such was the condition of the subject when Mr.
Polk came into the Presidential chair. And what
was his opinion? I said, that, in my judgment,
the previous conduct of the Government created a
moral obligation of as great a binding force as any
moral obligation can possess, to accept the line of
40° if it can be obtained. What says the Presi-
sident in his Annual Message:
" In deference to what had been done by my
' predecessors, and especially in considciation that
' propositions of compromise had been thrice made
' by two preceding Administrations, to adjust the
' question on the parallel of forty-nine decrees, and
4 in two of them yielding to Great Britain the free
' navigation of the Columbia, and that the pending
' negotiation had been commenced on the nasisof
' compromise, I deemed it to be my duty not ab-
4 ruptiy to break it off. * * A proposition was
' aeeordmgly made, \\ hieh was iejected by the llnt-
' ish Plenipotentiary, & <*. * * The proposition
' thus offered and rejected, repeated the offer of the
c parallel of forty-nine degrees of north latitude,
4 which had been made by two preceding Adminis-
' trations, &o. * y Uad this been a new ques-
' fion, coming under discussion for the first time,
' this proposition would not ha\e been made. The
4 extraordinary and wholly inadmissible demands
• of the Hrttish (.onernmem, and the rejection of the
' proportion made m detWenee alone to what had
< bei n done by my piedecc-jsors, ov.rf ihc Implied
i al/(i«alioi) which liinr acts termed ft> impose, affoid
'satisfactory evidence (hat no rompronnse which
' (lie, United Stales ou<>ht to accept can be effected."
Impose on whom? On James K.Polk? No;
impose on the Amencan nation, of which he was
the mere iepresentati\e: en obh';a(io.i arming fiom
I tin- fact that, on foiu dillcient occasions, this oiler
1 had been imthon/ed; so ihnt the honor of the  a-
, tioii bound him now io iciicu it. He icnews ac-
i eoidinj;ly the ofI< v of 1S0-1, that is, the hue of 41);
! but Willi the e\e<ption of the navigation of the
i ('olunibia liver, at the same time giving Knsjand
| some minor but substantia! advantages m hen of
| it. The question I now propose to the friends of
the President on I ins floor, {and it i.-> a "\ery obvi-
ous one,) is this: If the previous offers of this
Government m JSIS, lH'.M, J^(i,and their renewal
in 1843, created an implied obligation on the Pres-
ident to settle our controversy on the same terms,
is not that obligation now* more imperative than
ever, from the fact that the President hum.elf has
repeated that very offer5 "Who is James K.
Polk1" was a question once asked. We all know
| now who he is, though there are some who do not
| know what he is. lie is the President of the
i United States, lie speaks for the whole country;
! he is vested with the authority so to speak, and
his acts, m the exercise of that authority, areas :
binding on the United States as the acts of any of
his predecessors: tin y can create an obligation, ;
expiess or implied, just as strong as the acts of his 1
predecessors could do. It', m making his offer to ■
Kngland, he was under obligation from the acts of '
his predecessors, how can any man deny that, ;
having made that offer, he is not bound to accept j
it if it shall come to him from the other side?
Supposing he shall lefuse it, and go with the :
Senators from Indiana and Ohio for ;>4° 4U', what
will be the judgment of the civilized world when |
England asks us to settle this question of title on '
terms which we lnive five times recognised as just ;
and fair? There can be but one opinion. What ,
was right and proper in 1818, right and proper in j
1824, right and proper m 3w26, right and proper in
1843, right and proper in J815, is right and proper
now. Let us go to war as soon as we think fit
after the refusal of such an offer, and I use no ex-
travagant language when I say that from one end
of the civilized world to the other the absolute and
unmixed reprobation of the Amencan character,
the deep and permanent disgiace of the American
name, will assiuedly follow.
jjut I have no idea, not the most remote, that
we are to be subjected to any such degradation. I
have an abiding, a settled confidence, which I know
cannot deceive'me, that no man standing in the re-
lations in which the President admits himself to be
placed, and acting under an obligation which he
admits to be binding, and with a Senate beside him
which I make bold to say will, by much more than
the constitutional majority, affirm such an adjust-
ment as I have referred to, will refuse to make it,
provided England gives him the opportunity. I
speak from an assurance derived from, no other
source than that which I have before me on this
floor. The Senator from 3New York who first ad-
dressed us, [Mr. Dix,] and the Senator from Mis-
souri who followed him, [Mr. Benton,] have both
admitted, almost in words, certainly in spirit, that
this dispute ought to be compromised; and though
I do not intend to catechise any Senator, nor ask
to be informed of the opinion entertained by any,
yet from the oft-repeated icmark of the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] though he did at first
alarm the Senate and the country, (if he will par-
don me for saying so,) yet he declared at the same
time that he feared a war, and that he would be
the last man m the land to desire it; and I do not
doubt that, if a suitable treaty should come into
this Senate to-moirowyhe would give it his sanc-
tion.
Mr. CASS. I will tell you about that when the
time comes.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then the Senator thinks such
a treaty will come? I do not want him to tell me.
1 know it m advance. He will, however, have an
! opportunity to tell us, for I have no doubt that in
j due time a treaty will come before us, in spite of
| the opposition of the President's friends as well as
! of ins enemies.
! And as for the other Senator from New York,
| [Mr. Dickinson,] who commenced his speech by
I tf Ding us thathe would demonstrate our title up to
! 5-1° 40' to be clear to all who would listen, and who
; talked to us about the vengeance of Heaven be'ng
j conveyed to us in tone? which threatened war or
j 54° 41)', I ha\e just as little doubt that if the ques-
j turn comes to 49° or war, he takes 49°.*
| There an- some of our friends 011 the other side
of' the chamber, the Senator fiom Illinois, [Mr.
j ihuiF.si-,,] the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,]
1 ami the Senator from Indiana, [Air. Hannegan,]
j who nil t;o foi .rj.l° 40' or a fight. Now, I have
1 110 doubt that the Mcnatoi from Indiana will "stick"
to that, not parenthetically, but in fast. If these
gentlemen will pardon me, I will venture to say
that they are the Hotspurs of the Senate—I mean
of course m point of spirit, courage, and gallantry.
The Senator from Indiana, 1 suppose, may be con-
sidered as the General; but the Senators from Illi-
nois and Ohio are certainly entitled to a distin-
guished rank, for they tell its there is no danger of
a war with Kngland, and one of them expressed
the opinion that England could do us no harm.
Mr. HANNEGAN. I said 110 such thing.
iVlr. JOHNSON. I know you did not. You
went for war, in spite of all the harm she might
do. iint there arc others who think that no great
harm can come out of war with England. What
was the giound taken by the Senator fiom Ohio,
[Mr. Au.kn'] l''irst, he told us that there would
be no war at all. And why? Because England
dare not fight us single-handed—whether for Ore-
gon or anything else. It isa single match which
lie thinks she never will undertake, (and I hope in
God she mo1, or may.) The Senator thinks, indeed,
that if she can get Russia to join with her, and
France too, and has Mexico to aid both, she may
perhaps pluck up courage enough to fight the Uni-
ted States ! The Senator says that she is the very
feeblest Government 011 the face of the earth.
This is said by the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations. And what makes her feeble ?
i t is tile adaptation of the steam power to the naval
marine; it is her immense public debt divided
among many thousands of her own citizens. And
he tells us finally, that, she has this element of
! obvious and apparent weakness, she dare not re-
pudiate her debt—a privilege which it seems the
united States have.
Mr. ALLEN. I beg to explain. I referred to
a state of things superinduced by war. The
Senator knows that a state of war suspends the
interest on foreign debts due to belligerent nations.
She could not do that, because her debt was due at
home.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator does not mean
to say, I hope, that war suspended the payment of
her own debt. I was speaking of her own debt.
Yet, in the same breath, the Senator said that
England dare not repudiate, and he finally held
