484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March II,
her up to the world as " a pauper." And this was
to inspire us with a sense of her absolute weak-
ness. But, to deepen that impression still more—to
remove all dread of England to an infinite distance,
he went on to tell us that England is as feeble as
an unborn infant. And by way of stating a fact,
whi^h genius only was equal to, he went on to de-
scribe to us this infant as " reposing in the lap of
the past."
Then the Senator from Illinois asked us what
there is about a war with England to frighten us?
Could it be lier navy >. Give us but twelve months'
notice, (and this we shall have by the treaty,) and
we should have a larger navy than England ever
had. Thank God for that! And then, I suppose
thai if all the other European Powers should unite
their naval power with that of England, give us
two years5 notice, and we will create a navy greater
than the whole. But how is this navy of ours to
be obtained ? By converting our New York liners
into frigates. No doubt the Senator believed this
statement to be perfectly correct; and he went so
far as to tell us that there was not one of those ves-
sels but would be a full match for a British frigate!
And, as for steamers, though we had none quite
so large as those lately built in England, yet we j
could make ours go twenty-seven miles an hour, 1
which, I suppose, would be a very great advantage,
either m running after an enemy, or running away
from him ! It is strange that Senators here, with
all their opportunities to know the true condition
of things and our actual relation to the power of
other nations, can utter, gravely, from their place Ij
in this chamber, tilings which seem so monstrous ;i
to all common sense. Unless the President holds !j
himself under an implied obligation to settle the ij
existing dispute, and the Senate shall think so loo, jj
it might now become necessary to "prepare the j;
hearts of the nation for war." Without any in-
tention to speak with disparagement of the opinions 1
of these gentlemen, I cannot hut remark that whnt
I consider a better opinion has been expressed by j!
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] mid the |j
Senator from New York, fMr. Dix.] when they i|
told us that England never was prepared to strike J
a heavier blow than at this moment, and that there ji
is no nation on the globe whose power is greater, |
or whom it would be more dangerous for us to en-
counter. But, says the Senator from Illinois, Let
the war come; she can do us no great harm; wo
may lose a fev/ merchant ships, and I think he
said a few sloops-of-war, but t'riey would be easily
replaced. No doubt the Senator really thinks the
fact to be so. " No great harm !" Has he taken i
into his estimate the oceans of blood that will be
spilt? the agonies of the battle-field? the shrieks of
the dying? the sull more terrific shrieks ot widows
and orphans ? the depreciation of the public morals > ;!
the arrest of civilization? the outrages on huniani- ;
ty ' "Will the Senator say that these are no great
evils, and that these things can " easily be replaced ?" . j
The Senator from New York who last spoke [Mr. ij
Dickinson] toid us, however, that there were wo- |
men enough to bmd up our wounds. Ay, but there ;j
are no women who can bring back the dead. No
touch of a weeping wife will avail to biing back '
her husband from the grave. And no power short .]
of the divine influence of Christianity, and that ex-
ercised through a long series of years, can elevate j!
for the community the weakened and waning sense !;
of moral obligation. No valor can bring back to !
their original piosperity and brightness our deso- 1
lated and blackened coasts, our ravaged cities, and, !
above all, place us, where God intended we should ;
be, really and truly at peace with our fellow-men. j
I am bold to say—and I say it in no spirit of de- |
preciation of the valor of my countrymen: I say it j
with a full conviction that they are equal to any :
emergency—let war come upon us because we have
refused our own terms, offered by us over and over
again, and the responsibility of those who shall
bring it upon us will be not only heavy enough to
sink a navy, but will cause those who bring it about
to live, as long' as God shall suffer them to live in
this world, in a state of self-reproach and mental
agony altogether indescribable. I fancy 1 know
how the Senator from Illinois would feel when a
widowed wife shall approach him, and looking him
reproachfully in the face, shall say, "You are the
cause of all this wretchedness; a false sense of na-
tional honor goaded you on, till you have brought
upon us all this misery. There lies my husband, a
blackened corse; and here am I, with my orphan
children, the most wretched of women; and ail for
nothing! for, after all, Oregon is lost." And the
Senator from Illinois will pardon me for saying
that lie would hang his head in unmitigated regret
and shame; he would call the mountains to fall on
him; he would give the wealth of the world, if he
had it, to bring back that general peace and hap-
piness, which, but for him, might have continued
long to bless his native land.
The age we live in denounces war—that savage,
beastly mode of settling either territorial or indi-
vidual controversies. As has been recently said
by one now on the verge of the grave, and whose
whole life has been devoted to the cause of benevo-
lence, "War is fit only for wild beasts, but is be-
neath the reason and dignity of man.'' And as has
been beautifully said by one of England's proudest
sons, " The drying up of a single tear confers more
honest fame than shedding seas of gore." The spirit
of the age denounces such savage barbarity. That
other spirit, which led two powerful Governments
to make an amicable and honorable arrangement to
a dispute, once so threatening, in regard to our north-
eastern boundary now prevails—a settlement which
the Senator from Ohio thought proper to stigmatize
as dishonorable to the nation. If there were nothing
else in the life of the American negotiator who par-
ticipated in that happy result—if he had not before,
and often, botli in the forum and in the public
councils of this nation, filled the measure of human
renown—his correspondence upon that occasion
alone won for him a reputation for penetrating sa-
gacity, for matchless intellectual power, for sterling
patriotism, such as has rarely been equalled, never
surpassed, by any statesman, dead or living. I beg
pardon for speaking thus in the presence m which
I stand: I am defending the nation, not the negoti-
ator.
The Senate will pardon me for sayingfurther, that
so commanding, so powerful was the influence of a
part of that correspondence on a subject which
threatened to involve the country in war, thatLord
Aberdeen, after reading the views of the American
negotiator on the right of search, pronounced the
prediction that from that day forward no impress-
ment would again be made of an American sailor.
Yet my fiiend from Ohio seems to think that m
that negotiation the national honor was seriously
injured.
Mr. SEVIER. If the Senator will pardon the
interruption, 1 should be glad to ask his authority
for stating that such was the remark of Lord Aber-
deen ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I speak from personal au-
thority. I thought I said so.
If such ends can be accomplished by negotiation,
if such ends have been accomplished, I invite Sen-
ators, in justice to themselves, m charity to the
nation, to support, one and all, what I have no
doubt is the determination of the Chief Magistrate,
to settle the present, controversy by the same means.
Let the Senator from Indiana [Mr. ITannegan]
learn to restrain what I may be permitted to call
his impetuous patriotism. Let him not suffer it to
run riot. Let him give himself up to no dream of
national honor while he is blind to all the obliga-
tions which Christianity and which humanity lm- ||
pose. Let him take no course that will not leave ||
as he finds it his native country blooming like the i|
rose. Carry not desolation and havoc through j|
j e\ery corner of the land; and, above all, let him h
1 pursue that course, and be animated by that spirit, j|
! which shall bring on us the praise and approbation ij
instead of the curse of the world. , j
I am not here (continued Mr. Johnson) for the
purpose of assailing the validity of the American
title, and I wish not to be so misunderstood. The j
title, and the means of defending it, are in the hands j
of the proper legitimate department of the Govern- i
ment; and whilst thus in other hands, I am not i
about to question it to the extent to which I think
the conviction, in which I am sur,e-1 cannot be
misled, that the President's motives! axf .peacefol,
In what condition are we now I . The titls to Orer
gon—Oregon, all or none—may fee_.MUjdv.not u>
the hands of Senators of the United States,, for
they are incapable of turning it to s ch,a purpose;
it may be made, I say, a party watch-fcrortt; it may
be made to fill the whole land, and lash it into, a
state of feverish excitement.- Emigrants to that
territory, taking the excitement with them; mem-
bers of the Senate, in the exercise of their admit-
ted authority, proclaiming to those emigrants that
they stand on American soil and ought to be pro-
tected exclusively by American laws, and that
every Englishman is a trespasser; a div ided juris-
diction; one system of laws extending its protect-
ing arm over one household, and another system
over another; a conflict in my judgment in such a
case would be inevitable. The state of things pro-
vided for by the treaty of 1818, and continued by
that of 1827, cannot last, nor will it last. How,
then, is a conflict to be avoided ? Clearly by bring-
ing this state of things to an end, by dividing the
disputed territory, by erecting each portion into a
separate sovereignty, to be placed under the armed
jurisdiction of its own Government. This can
only be done by abrogating the treaty. England
does not give the notice, and unless we do, all the
dangers to which I have referred will follow.
I tli ink the notice ought to be given, and before
I sit down X shall propose a form of notice, some-
what different, but substantially the same with one
which has already been submitted to the consider-
ation of the Senate. If I was satisfied that all
to which I have alluded would not drive us into a
conflict, I should infinitely prefer the present con-
dition of things. The advice of the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] the opinion which
he has expressed, wisely expressed—expressed m
the very spirit of wisdom—that our policy should
be a masterly inactivity, is the true policy of this
nation. By emigration we would, in the course
of time, necessarily have made the territory ours.
Eut that masteily inactivity has ceased to be mas-
terly, because of the unmasterly activity of some
others. But I am sure, without knowing individ-
ually what the opinion of the honorable Senator to
whom I have alluded now is, he will^ agree with
me that the day for masterly inactivity is gone*
And let me say that we are in the discharge of a
function of awful and tremendous responsibility—
with the civilized world sitting in judgment upon
us; with the eyes of the people of this country
turned with deep and intense solicitude towards
us; with the hopes of humanity, the progress of
Christian faith and Christain triumphs resting on
what the Senate of the United States may be wil-
ling to do. Every lover of constitutional freedom,
wherever he may be found, looks with intense
anxiety to the judgment and the decision of the
representatives of this free republic. ^ If we act
wisely, humanely, in a Christain spirit, in that
spirit which prevailed in the highest and most
earnest wish of Heaven, that there shall be peace
on earth, and good will to men, we will go on
prospering and to prosper. But if we act other-
wise; if we give ourselves up to the leading of im-
petuous spints; if we arc reckless, regardless of the
obligations of humanity and Christianity; if we fly
I in the face of the spirit of peace, in which arepub-
j lie can alone live, I repeat, so far from having the
l blessings of the world upon us, we will go down
i to posterity as the enemies of all good, it is our
, duty to apply to that God, whom we all in com-
! mon adore, to invoke his mercy to save us from
; those desolating calamities with which we have
| been threatened, and preserve us a peaceful and
I happy nation.
• I propose, then, in concluding, to offer, by way
of amendment to the resolution which came from
our title goes, and where T am sure the President in- i; the House of Representatives on this subject, and
ii tends to carry it, unless driven into a war by the Ij as a substitute for that resolution, the preamble
!'> obstinacy of England. I would rather my head j1 and resolutions offered by the Senator irom iien-
i| should be stricken off than awaken the American ;j tuckv, [Mr. Crittenden,] with this aiiterence.
• heart into being the aggressor; but it is not neces- |i that, instead of deferring the notice, as the original
11 sary to trouble the Senate on this point. amendment proposed, to be given from and aiter
How is the negotiation to be a^ain resumed? |l the termination of the present session otOongress,
What are the steps most likely to bring about this ji it may be given from and after the first day o
result? Are things to remain as they are,or is the !i June next. With this alteration, I snail m
advice of the President to us to be adopted? I adoption of those resolutions, and cease to trouo
confess that on this subject my mind has been so- i the Senate further on the subject.
hcitously anxious, and has undergone recently a ' Mr. BREESE said hedid notriseforthp
J change, and that change has been owing to facts to of replying at length to the^remarks o ^ ,
- which I have already alluded, impressing me with i: from Maryland, who had just taJcen >
