1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
the American continents, by the free and inde-
pendent condition which they have assumed and
maintain, are henceforth not to be considered as
' Power8'" ° Colonization by anY European
Now, after that, he (Mr. A.) understood the
President to say that there was to be no European
coIonization m Oregon; for he knew of no other
wild unoccupied country on the American conti-
nent. Did he, then,. mean Oregon? Had we a
title to it or not, or did he mean California? Did
he mean to say that we arc to yield up any portion
of this country to which he said out title Is clear
and unquestionable? No. Did he mean to say
that poor, imbecile Mexico might not have it in her
power to transfer to England, or any other Euro-
pean Power, California? If he did, he went a step
beyond what was expected. The very moment
lie gave up any portion of Oregon, every honest
man would condemn it. He confessed he entered
into the views which the Senators from Indiana,
Ohio, <&c., who composed that small
guard, entertained. But that
corporal's
f. j i- , .  -   ummportant.
it made little matter if he stood alone. He would
leave that part of the subject, merely observing
that if he believed the President desired the notice
with a view of surrendering- any portion of the
Oregon territory, to which they had an undoubted
right, he would prefer the use of the strong arm of
foice, or even the masterly inactivity of th^Senator
from South Carolina. Although the immijy was
a very proper one, he would then state it was not
his intention to go into the question of title to Ore-
gon; that had been done by the Senator from South
Carolina, when Secretary of State; by the present
becretaiy of State; and by the Senator from New
* oik; and after these able illustrations of it, ho
would do himself injustice to attempt it. But a
further proper inquiry was, "to what portion of
Oregon are we entitled?" Now, if he knew him-
self, if he believed England had the better title to
it, no man in the Union would agree sooner to
yield to it. If her title to any portion of that terri-
tory was good, he would say let her have it. As
to the propriety of discussing the British title, there,
he would give no opinion: but one thins: he would'
say, and lie thought he was capable of forming im j
opinion—he would infinitely prefer having the km- '
ish title illustrated by facts and arguments than the
course which had been pursued. Now, he thong lit
it was the duty of those Senators who believed
England had the better title, to enlighten the coun-
try and the world on the subjcct, lest ignorancc of
it should lead to unjust measures. That old mot-
to—" to ask for nothing but what is right, and sub-
mit to nothing wrong"—ought to be written in let-
ters of gold, to be read by the whole world. He
approved ot the course of the Senator from Maine.
One Senator had said he would allow his tongue
to blister m his mouth before he would speak,
while the Administration wore engaged in pending
negotiations. He might be right; hut if he (Mr,
A.) believed that England had a better title than
we to any portion of Oregon, he would allow his
tongue to blister in his mouth before he would de-
prive her, or any other Power under the sun, of
their just rights; he would think it a duty he owed
his country to illustrate it, lest it might lead to an
unnecessary and unjust war. The Senator from
South Carolina had construed the language of the
President as favorable to compromise; but he
thought the offer to do so was made against his
better judgment, and in compliance with acts of
his predecessors. That is his apology to the. Ame-
rican people; but, upon the rejection of the offer
by the British Minister, he withdraws it, and
speaks in the language of exultation. He says:
"With this conviction the proposition of com-
' promise that bad been made and rejected, was, by |
'my direction, subsequently withdrawn, and our j
' title to the whole territory asserted, and, as is be- i
' lieved, maintained by irrefragable facts and argu- I
'ments." " I
Now, was not that the language of exultation? !
But the Senator from North Carolina said, that
had the President claimed more than 49° lie would
have disgraced himself and dishonored the coun-
try; and, worse than all, he entered into attempts
to prove it. And what were his reasons? That he
was bound to do what his predecessors had often
offered to do. Now he^would take a clear princi-
ple of law and common sense, which was applica-
ble between individuals, and apply it to that before
them; and he saw no reason why a sound princi-
ple of common sense^ should not apply to the case
ot nations as well as individuals. A proposition is
supposed to be made by A to B to compromise a
dispute, whether in relation to personal or real
property. The difference is not adjusted, and the
parties go to law. Now it is a settled principle
that nothing that was said in reference to the mat-
ter while the efforts at compromise were pending,
could be offered as evidence in law. Now, why
should that not apply to nations? If efforts were
made in 1818 and 18i27 to settle this question ami-
cably irpropositions were made by either party
m that view-—— —11   1 * ■* .  .
■then could it properly be sai d that
the nation is at this time bound by those proposi-
tions? He thought not. But there was another
fact connected with the case. It was, he believed,
the case that during earlv negotiations on this mat-
ter, the propositions which wire made were with-
drawn by both parties, under protest that they
were not to affect their respective rights. That
made the argument for him still stronger, and for
the Senator from North Carolina still weaker.
Init again: he took another ground, and said the
boundary line as defined by the treaty uf Utrecht
between France and England went no further than
4J°. For a considerable time, and until yesterday
evening, he had not gone much into the subject.
ITo then read the treaty of Utrecht, which was
good as far as it went. Now, notwithstanding the
assertion of those who favored the British views,
that by the treaty commissioners were to he ap-
pointed by the two Governments to presenile the
line oil 49°, it is doubtful whether they were ever
appointed, and there, is no mention of 49° in the
tieaty at all. lie regarded Grcenhiuv us very good
authority, as every facility was given him by the
State Department, "and every encouragement held
out to him to collcet facts; lie says that if they
were appointed, there, is no evidence that they ever
did describe the line, and he thought lu> proved
conclusively, by the strongest testimony, that the
line never was described. Rut suppose the line
was run in a westerly direction across the Rocky
mountains or down to the Pacific: would it not !
show the superlntive arrogance of England in!
claiming territory south of that line? Tie had I
been unable to *ee on what prineipte the 49th pa- <
rallel wits proposed as a dividing line. Suppose '
that contiguity did give title, it extended from !
south to north as well as from east to west. The
titlo of the United States was based on that of
Spain—the discovery of the river by Gray—the
exploration of Lewis and Clarke—and the settle-
nielli of Astoria. But. strange to snv, the Sena-
tor from Maine, [Mr. F.yavs.] attempted to shake
their title as far as As tor's settlement, by the as-
sertion that it was a mere private adventure, and
that the majority of (hose concerned were Krilish
subjects. It was true that the trappers were prin-
cipally Canadians. But did if not seem strange
to t.hc Senator that England should send a ship of
war to capture her own post ? lint, if the title to
the whole valley of the Columbia was good, why
stop at 4!>°? By adopting that they lost Vancou-
ver s Tsland, which was the most important por-
tion of the northwest coast. TCe thought if there
was strength at all in the argument of the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Drx.J it was as to the Span-
ish title, to Vancouver's Island, as being first dis-
covered, surveyed, and occupied by Spain. He
saw no good reason why 49° should have been
submitted as the line. If England had a better
title than the United States to Frazcr's river, and
the valley watered by it, then yield it up to'her.
If she could show a better title to the country
north of the Columbia river, yield it to her. But ,
he was unwilling to yield one inch of that territory j
with the titlo that the United States had. He held I
with the President that their title was the best in
existence. Then he (Mr. A.) would shed the last
drop of his blood—expend the last dollar in the
i Union—before he would yield any portion of it
j without a just and satisfactory equivalent.
j In the way of trade, if England acknowledged
I tile title of the United States to the territory, and
j offered proper equivalents, (and he would be satis-
! fled with a very small equivalent,) and the United
| States saw that it was for their interest to have an
outlet from the Hudson Bay possessions to the
! Pacific ocean, he would say, take two degrees,
I or two and a half degrees. He would do that, if
they had the power to transfer their territory,
which his friend from Indiana denied. He would
say, do that—take it. The Senator from Maine
had reluctantly come to the conclusion that we
may cldim half a degree above 49°. He (Mr. A.)
thanked him for that. He would not knowingly
contend for a single inch of that territory to which
he did not believe the United States had the best
title. But the Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Haywood] said that it was the object of the 54°
40' men to make Presidents, and tliat out of very
small materials—out of little men. He wpuld ask
that Senator, if it was not possible for Senators to
be governed by higher motives? He, for one,
would not yield one foot of American soil to make
a long line of Presidents that would extend a thou-
sand years. He, for one, could say that—what-
ever motives might govern others, although he
could not impute unworthy motives to honoiable
men—he was no man's partisan for the Presidency.
He bad never been mixed up in the business of
President-making. It was sufficient for him, when
the Democratic party presented as its candidate a
man of high character, of sound morals, and of
sound principles—he sustained him with his whole
soul; and such always would be his course,
whether the President came from the ranks of the
people or the politicians. As to the Baltimore con-
vention, he had nothing to do with it. He man-
aged none of its concerns. He felt no very deep
interest in it. He expected that it would present
a suitable candidate; and who that candidate was,
was to him a matter of indifference. He did not
go near the convention. He was connected with
none of its arrangements. He held himself aloof
fiom it. The State which he had the honor in part
to represent, had sent proper delegates to it, and
he confided in them to represent him there. But
the Senator from North Carolina said that that
convention was composed of factionists, led on by
demagogues. He (Mr. A.) could hardly believe
that. He had understood that the purest and
greatest men of the party from every section of the
Union were there. But, if composed of faction-
ists, led on by demagogues, no good could come
fiom it. If so, they would well deserve to lose the
whole of Oregon. The Senator from North Car-
olina made the still more objectionable remark
when speaking upon this subjcct—" where,do you
ao for a President?" My friend on the right,
[Mr. Hannf.gan,] said, " to the ranks of the peo-
ple." "Will you go to the shoemakers and cob-
blers?" was then asked. "No. They themselves
knew they were not qualified." He (Mr. A.) was
no demagogue; but he had always entertained a
just regard for the virtue, purity, and intelligence
of the great masses of the people. He knew that
ancient and modern history was full of memorable
examples of mighty men taken from the ranks of
the people—warriors, philosophers, and statesmen.
He certainly was surprised to hear that sneer com-
ing from the Democratic side of the chamber; from
the other side it would not, perhaps, have elicited
such a feeling.
He had in tended to have said something about war;
but the lateness of the hour admonished him to the
observance of brevity. The responsibility of war
rested altogether with England, and that he wished
to impress on the Senators on the other side of the
chamber. It devolved upon England to relinquish
her pretensions for the sake of peace. The United
•States were not to make all (he sacrifices for thesake
of peace. England must do that. If her title was
doubtful—ifit, was not "clear and unquestionable"—
it devolved upon her to keep the peace of the world.
But we are told, "take caie what you do—you
must not violate the peace of the world—better sac-
rifice rights, unquestionable rights, rather than in-
volve the country in war." The Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] had made a wise ob-
servation in relation to this matter. That gentle-
man had said that the man wiio would rashly and
unnecessarily counsel his country to war, would
assume a responsibility that would sink a navy.
He (Mr. A.) would say in reply, that the man who
sacrificed the ascertained rights of his country, as-
sumed a responsibility that would sink a world.
The Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,] at an
early period of the session, had said that the man
who would unnecessarily and rashly counsel his
countrymen to war, deserved the infamous renown
of Eratostratus; but in his (Mr. A. 's) opinion, the
man who counselled his country to purchase peace
by the surrender of rights, deserved a still more in-
famous renown. One other view he would pre-
sent, and conclude his remarks. Oregon might be
lost but in two ways: by negotiation or "masterly
