492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15$,
inactivity." Of the former lie had no apprehension,
for he trusted in the President. He had confidence
in the man, in his recorded opinions, and knew that
he would not deceive his friends. But let them
adopt "masterly inactivity," and the effect would
be disastrous in the extreme. Emigration would
be stopped, and those who had gone to Oregon
would be left unprotected. The community there
would then, in process of time, organize themselves
into an independent government. Already over-
tures had been made to encourage that by Mc-
Laughlin and Douglass, the heads of the Etudson
Bay company; and for the preservation of the bal-
ance of power, France and England would gladly
aid m the accomplishment of such an end. In view,
then, of all these things—in order to maintain the
rights of the United States—in order to maintain
peace—in order to protect the American citizens in
Oregon, and to hasten the building up on the shores
of the Pacific a mighty empire of freemen affiliated
to this free republic, he would vote for the notice.
[The above report is very imperfect. Such was
the noise in the galleries about the reporters, that
a great portion of the speech was entirely lost, and
other parts very imperfectly caught. 'It is not,
therefore, pretended by the reporter that anything
like justice has been done to Mr. Atchison in this
report.]
Mr. CALHOUN rose and said that it was his
desire to address the Senate on this question; but
as the day was so far advanced, he would defer his
remarks till the meeting of the body on Monday.
He moved that the Senate now adjourn.
And the Senate accordingly adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 12, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER said the business first in order
would be the call of the committees for reports.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL asked leave to offer
the following resolution; which was read for infor-
mation:
ltesolred. That a select committee be appointed to
inquire and report to this House whether any, and
what alteration ought to be made 111 the consular
system of the United States, and that they report
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON said he thought the sub-
ject should go to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. He asked that the resolution might be again
read.
And it was read.
Mr. CAMPBELL said that he had offered the
resolution by the consent of the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The resolution was adopted; and the following
members were appointed the committee: Messrs.
W. W. Campbell, Simpson, C.J. Ingersoll,
James McDowell, and Wintiirop.
Mr. W. G. BROWN, on leave given, offered
the following resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on revolutionary
Pensions inquire into the expediency of making-
more ample provision for the indigent soldiers and
pensioners of the Revolution.
Mr. ASHMUN, on leave given, offered the fol-
!owing resolution; which was adopted:
Besobed, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to consider what measures can be
adopted to enable citizens having honest claims
against the United States to obtain that justice
which the forms and practices of Congress now
deny.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON asked leave at this
time to introduce a bill (which he desired to have
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union) entitled "A bill to authorize
every poor man m the United Slates, who is the
head of a family, to enter 160 acres of the public
domain, without money and without or ice."
Mr. CULVER objecting, the bill was not intro-
duced.
Mr. CROZIER gave notice of a motion for
leave to introduce a bill to declare Knoxville and
Chattanooga, in the State of Tennessee, ports of
entry. r
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the regular orders
of the day.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call for re-
ports irom committees.
Mr. HUNGERFORD, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, made an adverse report upon
the resolution of the House of the 13th of January
last, relative to the expediency of providing by law
for the coinage of one dollar gold pieces ; which re-
port was laid upon the table.
Mr. GORDON, from the Committee of Claims,
made adverse reports upon the cases of the heirs
of Christopher Miller, deceased, of Wm. B. Mott,
and of John Martin; which reports were laid upon
the table.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
made adverse reports upon the cases of S. F.
Chapman and Wm. Jenkins; which reports were
laid upon the table.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL, from the same
committee, made adverse reports upon the cases
of Samuel D. Sizer and of Harvey and Margaret
Holgate; which reports were laid upon the table.
Mr. GILES, from the Committee on Commerce,
made reports to accompany bills for the relief ofN.
and L. Dana & Co., and for the relief of Philip and
Eliplialet Greeley, reported on the 30th of January
last, and committed to a Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union.
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH, from tlie Committee
on Foreign Affairs, reported a bill making an ap-
propriation for the payment of two instalments of
the Mcxican indemnities provided for by the con-
vention of the 30th of January, 1S43, between
Mexico and the United States. Read twice and
committed.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on Com-
j merce, to which was referred the bill further to
! amend an act supplementary to an act to fix the
! value of certain moneys of account in computation
j at the custom-house, approved March the 3d,
1845, reported the same to (he House. And the
question was stated, "Shall the said bill be en-
grossed and read a third time to-day?" when
HARBORS AND RIVERS.
On motion of Mr. YANCEY, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole oil the
state of the Union, (Mr. Thomas Smith, of In-
diana, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the lull making- appropriations for the improve-
i merit of certain harbors and rivers, and the amend-
1 ments £jiereto pending.
I Mr. CONSTABLE, who was entitled to the
| floor from yesterday, addressed the committee
, during the allotted hour. At the outset of his re-
t marks he gave notice of an amendment which he
j intended to offer when in order, to appropriate
j $20,000 for the imorovement of the harbor of
Hnvre-de-Grace, Maryland. He showed the im-
portance of this work as connected with the great
lines of communication north and west, and as
i furnishing an easier, nearer, and safer channel of
| transportation for the productions of the valley of
j the West as far south as Tennessee, than either
j the northern route by the lakes, or the southern
t one via New Orleans; and he devoted a large por-
! tiou of his hour (in icply to Messrs. Yancey,
Pay.ve, Rhdtt, and Cobb) to the defence of the
constitutional power of Congress for the improve-
. ment of the navigable waters of the country, basing
I it upon the granted power of Congress to '' regu-
, late commerce with foreign nations' and amonglhe
several States." °
[The remarks of Mr. C., like those of other
members, are in course of preparation, and will
hereafter appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. COLLIN next addressed the committee as
follows:
Mr. Chairman, when the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts was called to order upon the discus-
sion of this bill, I voted in favor of the appeal from
the decision of the Chair, because I considered his
matter totally irrelevant to the subject in debate.
But upon mature deliberation, and from the argu-
ments of the gentleman. I consider its matter very
pertinent, and its consideration ought to have an
important influence upon the action of the House
upon this subject. Sir. if it is expedient to pass
laws restricting- commerce, why should this House
expend money to facilitate it? In order to sustain
the gentleman's doctrine, he labored to prove that
the repeal of the English corn laws would not ben-
efit the American farmer: first, because the re-
quirements of the English market were so limited
and uncertain; and, secondly,because of the com-
petition of northern Europe. In answer to these
objections, I will read from a memorial printed by
order of the United States Senate inl842, doc. No.
339, page 89: _
" There is an impression very extgii^iyely'^e.
' vailing in this country that even the'est^lishm'ent
' of free trade in provisions would scarcely^ benefit
' the agricultural interests of the United States, be-
' cause the markets would be controlled, and, in fact,
' chiefly supplied from the nearer regions abound
' the Baltic and the Black seas, where the differ-
' ence of freight and the cheapness of production
' 'could give a decided ad vantage. It is not strange
' that consideration of the price of labor and the
' distance of transportation should produce this im-
' pression; but it is quite fallacious, for the cheap-
1 ness of land in this country, with the greater skill
' in management, more than counterbalances the
1 low price of labor, and the perfection of .our system
' of internal transportation and of freight by sea
' will enable the farmer of the Northwest to deliver
' his wheat and flour at Liverpool in fact cheaper
' than any other country. Only remove the ob-
' structions so as to create a regular demand, that
* our farmers may know what to depend on, and
' they would control the markets of England for all
' the competition of the world beside."
This opinion of the memorialist is sustained by
incontrovertible statistics. Among these statistics
are, that one century ago England was an export-
er of breadstuffs; now, her limited territory is
vastly inferior to her supply. Her population has
increased at the rate of twelve per cent, in every
ten years; and for the last fifty years, she has re-
quired a regularly increasing supply of foreign
provisions, till it has now amounted to an actual
deficiency of over fifty millions of bushels of grain
annually. The average price of wheat in her
market during these fifty years has been about
seventeen shillings per bushel. The average price
paid in foreign markets has been about nine shil-
lings per bushel. Upon examination of her con-
suls, she ascertained that northern Europe could
not supply her deficiencies, and that the supply
from that source could not be sensibly increased.
These investigations show that wheat of a superior
quality can be delivered from Chicago within ten
cents per bushel as low a rate of expense as it
can be from those regions in Europe where most
of that grain is grown. Did not the duties both
ways interpose, (on the grain outand return goods,)
the average market price of England for the past
fifty years would admit of wheat being worth at
Chicago $1 33 per bushel. With these estimates,
I leave this subject, and gentlemen can examine
it at pleasure from the document on file, X come
now to a brief consideration of what the effects of
the duties we impose upon imports has upon the
price of our agricultural products generally. Let
us suppose that two grain markets, the one
situate one-third farther from us than the other,
should be the markets for all our grain, the
freight to the one market to be twenty cents per
bushel, and that to the other thirty cents: it will
not be disputed that grain bought for the nearer
market would net ten cents per bushel more to
the producer than that bought for the most dis-
tant market. Now let us suppose that a cargo
of grain bought for tlie nearer market should find
it could only be sold for goods, and those goods
were liable upon return to a duty of twenty per
cent.: if the importer should ascertain that by con-
tinuing on to the more distant market he could ex-
change for goods that would be duty free, would he
not continue on to the farthest market, and thereby
sacrifice his ten cents freight to avoid his twenty
per cent, duty > Most certainly he would. And
in the purchase of a subsequent cargo, he would
take care to purchase at the lower price in order
to sell in the more distant market. Does not this
prove that the duty imposed upon imports has a
direct tendency to lessen in our markets the price
of our exports ? In confirmation of this doctrine,
gentlemen may refer to the reports of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and they will there find that the
price of almost every article of our exports for
every port on the globe was a large per cent, less-
the year after the passage of the tariff act than they
were the year before. And I think, sir, it will not
be controverted, and is susceptible of proof, that
the prices of our surplus to foreign markets control
the prices of our whole productions at home.-
A word now as to the consumption of provisions
by the people of Massachusetts. Would that peo-
ple consume more if the tariff were higher, or less
if the tariff were lower? Does the tariff improve
