1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493
the appetite, enlarge the capacity of the stomach,
or strengthen the digestive organs? The people of
Massachusetts comprise near one-twentieth of our
population, and we rather expect of them to con-
sume near one-twentieth of the provisions con-
sumed in this country—tariff or no tariff. By the
gentleman s estimate they only consume about one-
iourth more wheat than, is estimated for the resi-
due of our population, which must be conceded to
be a moderate.estimate for an advocate of hieh nro-
tectio.n. ° r
X agree with the gentleman in approving of the
construction of harbors; and from that point there
is a total disagreement between us. I believe those
harbors should be to facilitate our intercourse with
the world; he thinks their use should he circum-
scribed by laws that embarrass very much, and
in some cases, prohibit their use. In connexion
with this subject the gentleman discovers two phe-
nomena, and upon these phenomena he builds a
theory, from which he draws <
Among the early arguments adduced in favor of
the passage of piotective tarifflaws, was the infancy
of manufactures. The continuance of those laws
are now claimed for their antiquity. To repeal
them is now asserted to be an abandonment of an
established system of our Government. I wel!
recollect, sir, that in my early acquaintance with
the politics of the country, this protective tariff was
a subject of earnest debate. On the part of its ad-
vocates it was contended that the infancy of manu-
factures, and an inability to compete with cheap
foreign labor, rendered protection from Government
necessary to enable manufactures to exist. It was
not then contended but thatcertain interests would
be burdened by this policy, but the assurance was
given that the necessity for the law would only he
temporary, and that by it great and lasting benefits
would accrue to the whole countiy. In opposition
to this policy, it was then urged that it was a tax
j imposed upon the people for the sole benefit of one
ical economy. To my comprehension The' 5? 'r'" " r"SS "f WllS inconsistent with the
* * • ' P* « i " aban- , Constitution and sound policy; that its tendency
donment of those rules of political economy would
cause those phenomena to disajipear, and his the-
ory to fall. These phenomena are, first, that our
surplus agricultural productions have, for some
years past, ceased to bear a due proportion to our
increase of population; and, secondly, that En"-- '!
land, under her peculiar circumstances, has onfy
required annually for her consumption ten millions
of bushels of foreign wheat. Now, sir, it is just
this gentleman's system of political economy that
has produced both these phenomena. By the pas-
sage of jaws prohibiting us in the participation
with England m those things in which Providence
to her has been most bountiful, she has been driven
Irom the participation with us of the fruits of our
fertile fields and genial climate. Doth have been
precipitated into ajfalse position,checking the pros-
policy; that its tendency
was to diminish the industry, impede the prosper-
ity, and corrupt the morals of the people. It was
also urged, that if a great interest was built up in
our country by special legislative favor, that favor
11 could never be withdrawn, would never be relin-
j quished without a struggle. It would be capable
| of concentrating large numbers in favor of certain
: political objects, and of wielding the influence of
: great wealth; ami that ambitious and corrupt men,
who would oppose them in their feebleness, would
become their allies in their strength, and would
therby become dangerous to the rights and liberties
of the people.
I he protective policy prevailed. A quarter of
a century has since transpired, and how have the
,j promises of the one been fulfilled and the predic-
tions of the others been verified ? Are we now re-
policy w warhwithE~? l'™'"" 'V!"* l! li"v,'d fr"m ,lle l,,mll'"s wlli"h thn*Hn™ imposed >
policy to wai with riatuie lor the sustenance of her ,\o, sir. We have now what the ' '
population. A thousand ships are now rcccivinir
guano from the isles of the Pacific; and fertilizing
matter is sought for over the face of the earth to
force vegetation into unnatural existence. We,
too, by this policy, are driven into unnatural pur-
suits, and our agriculture languishes. Within the
last few years immense thousands of the agricul-
tural population of the State of New York have
been made fugitives to other climes by the opera-
tion of these laws. Remove the restraints upon
our intercourse with the world, and our agriculture
is stisceptible of any increase which circumstances
will justify. Remove those restrictions, and Eng-
land will become the consumer of our more cheap-
ly-raised vegetable, rather than continue the war
Upon nature to produce them herself
recipients ol
those favors, and their political allies, arc pleaded
to call a protective tariff', higher thnn was ever he-
Cure imposed in this country, and higher than now
exists in any country on the face of the earth. We,
are now urged to the. continuance of tins policy,
h'or its continuance, have we not seen the corrupt-
ing influence of wealth wielded tmil numbers com-
; biued? ITave we not seen politicians associated,
and candidates t'or office pledged to this policy al-
most before their expressions of its inexpediency
have died upon their lips' Have we not heard
claimed for the credit of an A meriemt tariff all that
the ingenuity of man ha* devised in Knrope, Asia,
Africa, and America' i'Vn' its eontimmnec, have
I; we not seen put in requisition all the sophistry that
. .. . Ii human intellect can devise, and all the misrepre-
It would seem to be according to the dictates of sentation that human depravitv can be induced
political economy that Government should extend I to utter? lias not truth itself been perverted to
all reasonable facilities to communications vith the ; have the weight of falsehood' Oo «v not now
world, so that the redundant fruits of one country I, hear its advocates on this floor and elsewhere ev-
niay be exchanged for the redundant commodities i press themselves, that, rather than the repeal of
of another. Providence, m lis wisdom, has seen || the tarifVlaw of 1842, they would prefer that our
lit to bestow on our people a fertile soil and a con- j, eilirs should be burned, our people <>\mvhehm d
genial climate, and on another, rich minerals, com
modious water-power, and all the facilities for pro
dueing goods cheaply. Wisdom would seem ft)
dictate that Government should create facilities for
a free and reciprocal interchange of commodities
among men, and thereby make mankind the par-
ticipants of the blessings bestowed upon them
throughout the world. Under our Constitution, it
would seem to be the province of the General Gov-
ernment to provide reasonable facilities of commu-
nication with foreign countries, and the peculiar
province of the State Legislatures to provide those
facilities with one another. But, sir, a different
doctrine is in the ascendant in this country. Laws
are now in existence prohibiting in some things,
and embarrassing in all, this reciprocal intercourse,
which the laws of nature seem to justify and com-
mand. If the doctrine now prevailing is correct,
if the waves of the Atlantic would "justify this
breaking of the laws of nature and of human right,
then, sir, the waves of the Ohio or of Erie would
justify that same policy. If it is good policy to
make laws derangingand destroying this reciprocal
exchange between the United States and Great
Britain, it is equally good policy to destroy the re-
ciprocal exchange of the fruits of Ohio for the
goods of Massachusetts. If this is to be our poli-
cy, instead of opening, obstruct the channels of
your rivers. Instead of building new harbors, de-
molish those you have. 1
j! with taxation, and our fi< Ids drenched in Mood?
r That thoMC lawft are unnecessary, inexpedient, m-
i'jurious, and oppressive to the industry and pro*;-
|i pcrity of our country, and dangerous to our liber-
j ties, is what I now propose to demonstrate. That
; they arc unconstitutional, I honestly believe; but
the proof on this part of the subject Heave to abler
lianas.
Hut as an honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, early in this session, took occasion to remark,
! that to (piestion the constitutionality of the protec-
j tivc tariff policy was a new and' extraordinary
j doctrine. I will avail myself of the present oppor-
| tunity to say, that a statesman mutit he a very
j unsafe leader in matters of political economy who
| has studied the history of this subject so little as
1 not to know that its constitutionality has been at
, all times a matter of question. Gentlemen not un-
j known to fame have long since given very able
j opinions upon this subject.'" A certain Abbott Law-
j rcncc, of late letter-writing notoiiety, m 1821,
j wrote and read certain resolutions denying their
j constitutionality, and charging them as'being de-
| structive to the moials and industry of the peo-
' pie. A certain Daniel Webster addressed a meet-
ing, on that occasion, in a manner to do himself
much credit; and lie, too, denied the constitution-
ality of those laws. That opinion was certainly
j long entertained by that talented gentleman; for in
a speech in the tfnited States Senate, in 1830, in
reply to Mr. Hayne, of South Carolina, referring
to his speech of 1831, he repeated " I said then,
4 and now say, that, as an original question, the
' right of Congress, under the revenue laws, to
' pass acts for the protection of manufactures, is
'a questionable authority." In explaining the
charged inconsistency of his speech of 1821 and
his vote of 1828, he claimed that the tariff of 1828
was not an original question, but an amendment-
of an act in existence; and he voted so to modify
it as to make it the least injurious to his constitu-
ents. The tariff act of 1842 was passed by a Con-
gress and under circumstances to render it a pecu-
liar subject of distrust.
An honorable gentleman from Kentucky has
told us upon this floor, that he was compelled by
that Congress to vote for a bill taking forty thou-
sand dollars from the treasury, and applying it in
a way to corrupt the press and people, in order
that an appropriation bill might pass. It is a well-
known fact, that this very tariff bill, which one vote
in either branch of Congress would have defeated,
was voted for by many members, in order that a
revenue bill miglht pass. To have failed to pass at
that session either an appropriation or a revenue
bill, would have been attended with consequences
which I hope there are few in this country would
wish to see realized. A Committee on Manufac-
tures first reported the bill to the House, and it was
subsequently adopted by the Committee of Ways
and Means. Among the communications receive d
by that Committee upon Manufactures, and from
which they drew their details and reasons in favor
of that bill, was one from the Glenham factory, in
the State of New York. As the matters contained
in that communication more particularly relate to
the agricultural interests, I shall make it the particu-
lar subject of my comments. That committee, and
certain other members of Congress, conceived that
communication to contain strong reasons in favor
of a protective tariff, while, for the same reasons, I
come to a diametrically opposite conclusion. I
think I can show to this House, that it contains rea-
sons stionc, conclusive, unanswerable, that no such
tariff bill should then have been passed, or should
now be continued. That communication reported
the dividends in that establishment to have been
about 4§ per cent, annually, for a long term of
years: and the committee came to the conclusion,
that legislative means should be adopted to in-
crease those dividends. A little knowledge of the
manner in which most of those companies do their
business, will teach thai dividends made have very
little to do with the accruing profits. At the com-
mencement of such a business, it is most usual to
be on borrowed capital, and most of the profits are
applied to the payment of the debt; and, of course,
small dividends (if any) are made. If not in debt,
the partnership loans its profits on mortgages or
invests them in stocks, for the common benefit;
thereby saving the expense and trouble of indi-
vidual investments. In the progress of their busi-
ness, the parties draw from the concern the supplies
necessary for their individual expenditures, and at
the end of the year, upon invoicing and settlement,
each gives his note to the partnership for the amount
of their individual indebtedness. When dividends
are made, they are usually to settle these individual
matters, and only to the amount necessary to do
so; that this may have been the practice of the
establishment under consideration, seems to be
proved by the statement itself, when it shows by
us details, that, in the year 1841. the profits were
actually four or five times the amount of the divi-
dends made. In one year, a loss is reported, and,
to my judgment, it is evidence of a profitable busi-
ness, when, under its contingencies, hut one year
in nineteen accrues, when the expenses do not ex-
ceed the income. In that period of time, the in-
crease of buildings, the repairing of water-power,
or the replacing of new or improved machinery,
each, in any one year, may have been expected to
have exceeded the annual income of a very profit-
able business.
Sir, I will now call the attention of this commit-
tee to the details of the business of 1841. The
capital stock was §140.000. The expenses of that
year, in carrying on the business, including, among
everything else, transportation to market, insu-
rance, and interest on investments, was about
$144,000. Taking the medium of the prices of ac-
tual sales, and the income was $186,000—$42 000
of profits over and above the interest on the in-
vestments an actual profit of thirty-five per cent.
