494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marefi f2.
Ought not that to have satisfied reasonable men?
Ought it not to have satisfied unreasonable ones?
Could there have been stronger proof that no legis-
lative aid was required, or that the country ought
not to have been taxed for their protection? 1
come now, sir, to a fact still more conclusive. Tiie
manufacturers of this country have their raw ma-
terial for less, their provisions less, their taxes less,
and their water-power cheaper, than those of Eu-
rope; the European manufacturer has also to incur
the contingencies and expense of bringing his fa-
brics across the Atlantic. In all this the Ameri- I
can has the advantage. European labor may be,
and doubtless is, the cheapest; and it is upon this
fact alone that the American now predicates his
claim to protection. Now, sir, by the details in
that communication, it is shown that the labor con-
stituted twenty-four per cent, of the expenditure;
that, of the cost of the material, twenty-four per i
cent, was labor. Can any comprehension be so I
stupid as not to discover that a revenue duty of
twenty-four per ccnt. would place the Amencan
manufacturer above that of the European, on this
subject, even though the labor of the European
had cost nothing?
Sir, can 1 be mistaken in claiming this to be
evidence unanswerable upon this subject? It is
evidence, sir, taken from the camp of the enemy,
and stands an immortal record in the archives of
this House. From this branch of the subject
another idea is suggested. No one will contend
that the laboreis in this country get greater wages
than are necessary to their support. And yet ins
provisions cost him less, and the rent of hia habi-
tation less, than that of the European. And while
the American is free from taxation, the European
is taxed for everything—the food he eats, the
clothes he wears, and is taxed for carrying on
the very business from which he draws his sup-
port. Sir, why is the American laborer bare]}'
able to live? Simply, sir, because of the high
price he is required to pay for the goods which
comprise a large proportion of the expenditure for
the support of Ins family. We are now asked,
sir, to continue in force iaws which create a ne-
cessity for high wages, and then to justify those
laws upon the ground that wages arc so high. I
will next come to the consideration of the effects
the business of that factory has upon agriculture.
According to the minute calculation of that com-
municant, (and he challenged contradiction,) that
factory alone gave employment to $1,400,U00 of
agricultural capital. The development of that fact
had a startling effect upon the comnuttce; and nil
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania proclaim-
ed it in triumph upon this floor. Now, sir, let me
inquire into the results of the employment of so
much agricultural capital. The communication
gives the items of all the income from that capital,
and when all was told, it amounted to $84,000—
showing, sir, that it produced only half as much
incomcas was produced by one-tenth of the amount
of manufacturing capital.
But the income of a business is not the criterion
of the profits of a business, unless taken in con-
nexion with the expendituie. In the case of the i
manufacturer, the items are given, and show a j
profit of thirty-five per cent.; and that, too, under ,
the minimum valuation of the compromise act. As j
to agriculture, the expenditures arc not given; !
and I avail myself of my experience as an agncul- j
turist to supply the deficiency. In the cultivation 1
of land, it is not unfrequent that the owner and the
laborer divide the crops. In those cases, if the
owner pays all the contingent expenses, the laborer
takes one-third. If the contingent expenses arc
equally borne by each, then the ciop is equally
divided. If the laborer pays all contingent ex-
penses, he takes two-thirds. It takes the two-
thirds of agricultural income to pay contingent ex-
pense and labor. One-third of ^4,000 is $28,000.
From which, deduct the taxes which the landowner
is always required to pay, (and which averages in
New York fifty cents on the hundred dollars,)
and it would leave the net income of that 551,400,000
to be $22,000, or lg per cent. It is hardly to be
credited, but is no less true, that the facts here
presented are on record in this department, and
furnished by the fraruers of the act of 1842, and
taken as an argument in favor of that act. Thirty-
five per cent, to the manufacturer, and oneand a half
per cent, to the farmer1 And yet a law was passed
taxing the farmer for the benefit of the manufac-
turer, and we are now asked to continue that
law. But, sir, this is not the end of that picture.
Under the operation of the tariif law, let us sup-
pose that factory to be doing only the amount of
business it did in 1841, and giving employment to
the same agricultural capital, what, now, is the
result? For the same amount of productions,
they are now paying, at present prices, §22,000
less than they did in 1841. On the article of wool
alone there is a loss of near $20,000; 173,000
pounds of wool having been used m that year, at
42^ cents per pound, and the same wool selling
now at 31 cents per pound. Who profits by this
loss on the farmer's products? Every dollar goes
into the treasury of tiiat company, increasing their
profits. Such js the terms, sir, upon which it is
proposed to consume m this country all our agri-
cultural productions.
Sir, one more consideration in relation to this
communication. It states the price paid to labor-
ers to be from seventy-Jive cents to one dollar and
fifty cents per day. This is plausible in amount;
but when it is considered that the laborer boards
himself; that he buys of his employer his goods
and provisions at a rale fifty per cent, above the
market price, it is not presumptuous to conclude
that no laborers are required to work more hours,
have less time for relaxation, and receive poorer
pay, than those engaged m manufacturing. 1 have
been informed, and upon authority upon which I
think I can rely, that not unfrequently it is a part
oi the contract with the laborers that they are to
get their supply of goods and provisions from their
employers; and where the employers do not keep
store-houses, they make contracts with those who
do, and theieby have returned to them a part of
the enormous profits churged to the laborers. Sir,
with this part of the subject I have done. Such is
the picture from which the law of 1842 was drawn.
Sucii, sir, is the picture to which some gentlemen
on the floor of Congress then appealed in terms of
exultation. Some of them, doubtless, were them-
selves deceived—were mistaken. But, sir, 1 think
the experience of a few years, and the develop-
ments made and to be made, will not now permit
gentlemen to be mistaken so cheaply. Because
the farming interest has been passive thus far, gen-
tlemen need not imagine that it will always remain
so. Let the farmers but understand their rights
and the sources of their oppression, and they will
rise m their strength and avenge themselves. To
many of the gentlemen who may still persist in the
maintenance of these unequal laws, the seats that
now know them here will soon know them here no
more.
Sir, one idea more in relation to the Glenham
factory. If the laborers in that factory receive from
it three-fourths of their wages in goods and pro-
visions, at only a profit to the seller of thirty per
cent., the factory would thereby be a gainer of $7000,
or a profit on her capital stock from that source of
five per cent. This would reduce the per centage
for labor to nineteen per cent. The reductions on
the price of agricultural productions since 1842 af-
fords a profit to that factory of about sixteen per
cent., which, added to the per centage for goods
and provisions to laborers, makes a net profit from
these two sources of twenty-one per cent, in addi-
tion to the profits heretofore estimated. Whence
are the enormous profits to the manufacturers de-
rived? Foreigners do not pay them. They do not
come from the airortheeiements. They are not the j
spontaneous productions of matter. No, sir; they |
are paid by those laboring millions whom gentle- ;
men seem so ardent in their professions to protect, j
From the arguments of the advocates of protection 1
it would seem to be an unsettled question with 1
them whether by protection anybody is benefited; \
and, if so, who ? They say that high duties make '
cheap goods, and then that high duties will make [
dear wool. High duties will not tax the consumer I
of goods, but high duties will tax the consumer of I
wool. They say that manufacturers cannot sustain
themselves at the puces of goods without high du-
ties, and by imposing those duties the goods will
be lower, and then they can sustain themselves.
They say you must lay a tax to make labor high,
and then justify the tax m consequence of the high
price of labor. If amidst these contradictions it
should chance to be ascertained that somebody is
taxed and others are the leceivers of the tax, it
will then be ascertained that of those who pay the
tax, the poor laborer pays as much as the man
worth thousands; and, of the recipients of the tax,
he of $300,000 receives ten times as much as he of
§10,000. Here, sir, is the beauty- arid "consistency
of these taxes, inexplicable in all their ruinous ef-
fects to their advocates themselves. ' - • -----.
I will now call the attention of the Hotfse briefiy
to the effect that the tariff has had upon the wool-
grower. When the tariff bill was under consid-
eration, and on the 12th of July, 1842, an honor-
able gentleman from Vermont (for which he has
the thanks of one humble heart) movfcd an amend-
ment, providing that a liberal duty be imposed
upon the importation of all foreign wool. - He
stated that large exportations of fine-\vo'6led bucks
had been made to Buenos Ayres, for the purpose
of growing fine wool, (and our records show that
many of those bucks cost twenty dollars per head.)
He stated that fourteen millions of pounds of wool
from that source had been imported into this coun-
try in one year, and much of it equal to our finest
wool. He stated, that under the high duties im-
posed upon goods, the wool grower could not stand
that competition. His amendment was, however,
voted down. He then proposed to amend so that,
whatever duty was imposed, tBe valuation should
be made in our own ports; (aware, no doubt, of cer-
tain managements which, if I again have an op-
portunity of discussing this subject when it shall
be more legitimately before the House, I will en-
deavor to explain.) He was again voted down.
The arguments adduced in opposition 16 his amend-
ments are well worthy the consideration of this
House and the people of this country. It was
contended, in opposition to those amendments, that
their effect was to impose a tax upon " the poor
manufacturer for the benefit of the rich wool-grow-
er. It was contended that those amendments would
not protect labor, but only the growth of sheep;
and if the wool-grower could not stand the compe-
tition, then let them abandon the business and go
at something else. This, sir, was the friendship
displayed by the tariff men in 1842 for the agri-
cultural interest, and it stands recorded in our
library in both the Globe and Intelligencer. How
much cause we must now have to sympathize with
that same class of men in their agonizing fears for
the agricultural interest, under their apprehension
of the repeal of the English corn-laws or the mod-
ification of our tariff. But, sir, the consequences of
their policy are about developing themselves. The
wool-growing interest is now tottering upon the
precipice of destruction. With it, the beginning of
the end has commenced. Twenty-four millions of
pounds of foreign wool have been imported to this
country during the past year,—an amount within
five millions, or at farthest ten millions of pounds
of all the wool used by the manufacturers of the
country. Of the balance of domestic wool, three
millions of pounds has been exported, a portion
has been used in our families, ana the residue is oil
the hands of the growers, or is in the storehouses
of the purchasers. With this surplus on hand—
with an accumulated crop coming in of at least
forty-five millions of pounds—and with a probable
importation for the year to come of some thirty
millions of pounds of foreign wool—nothing can
save the wool-growing business from destruction
as a marketable business but the repeal of the tariif
of 1842. That would open to us an opportunity
of selling our surplus wool to the English market,
j which requires an annual supply of seventy nnl-
t lions of pounds of foreign wool. That would ena-
ble us to sell to them our wool, without being pro-
hibited by the high duties now imposed upon the
goods we must necessarily take in exchange.
I will now briefly notice the interests of the me-
chanics. The friends of high duties characterize
them with the aristocratic title of manufacturers.
; But while they are thus participants in the name,
| they are denied participation in the plunder. While
: they are sought to be made tools of by sycophantic
| flattery, they are made deeply to participate in the
! oppressions which those laws mfiict. In the du-
. ties imposed by the tariff act of 1842, the hatter
was left to the minimum valuation of the compro-
j nnse act; and the duties on some of the fabrics of
[ the shoemaker were actually reduced. None but
j those who wrought the fabrics of the manufacturer..
!! had the rates of duty increased. The employers
: of the mechanics are the farmers, and can they ex-
; ] pect from them a liberal patronage when reduced
to the poverty they are obliged to struggle with for
, a bare subsistence? When they are compelled by
: ' necessity to live in shanties raised perhaps by their
j own hands, and to look with swelling hearts upon
their own ragged, barefooted, barehead&d offspring:
