496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IS.
ties of Franklin, Amite, Adams, and Wilkinson,
for the purpose of aiding in the improvement of
said river; which memorial was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary
he discharged from the consideration of the peti-
tion of Samuel Worth'ington, and that it be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. JEPFERSON DAVIS, by leave, presented
a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Mis-
sissippi, praying that certain obstructions to the
navigation of the Pass Manchac, interposed by
agency of the Federal Government, may be remo-
ved therefrom; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. J. R. IjVGERSOLL moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union, but waived the motion at the
request of
Mr. SCHENCK, who, on leave given, present-
ed a petition of citizens of Miami county, in the
State of Indiana, praying an appropriation for the
improvement of the iVIaumee river; which petition
was committed to the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union to-morrow.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL renewed his motion.
Mr. HARALSON rose and said, he desired to
notify the House that he would, on "Wednesday
next, or so soon as the river and harbor bill had
been disposed of, move that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to act on the bills reported from the
Committee on Military AfTaiis; and that he would
on that motion, if sustained in the call, give gen-
tlemen an opportunity of recording their votes for
or ag-funst further delay in providing for the de-
fences of the country, and acting upon the other
important measures reported fiom that committee,
by calling1 for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DANIEL addressed a few remarks to the
Chair, of 'which only the general tenor was henrd
by the reporter. He felt it to be his duty, inas-
much as but a small portion of time had been de-
voted to the consideration of private bills, to move
that the House go into Committee of the Whole
on that calendar.
The motion received but 38 votes.
So it was rejected.
And the question on the motion of Mr. J. R In-
gersoll was taken and agreed to.
HARBORS AND RIVERS.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Thomas
Smith, of Indiana, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill making appropriations for
the improvement of certain harbors and rivers.
Mr. YELL gave notice that he would, when in
order, move to amend the bill, by inserting at the
end of the 109th line the following proviso:
" Provided, That the sum of $25,000, out of the
' said appropriation, be, and the same is hereby,
* appropriated to remove the obstructions in the
* Washita, White, and Black rivers, in the State
* of Arkansas.''
Mr. .TAMES THOMPSON, who was entitled
to the floor from last evening, after brief prelim-
inary re-marks, proceeded first to the examina-
tion of the consulutional question involved in the
hill under consideration. Notwithstanding twenty-
three years had elapsed since the commcnccmcnt
of this system, and notwithstanding almost unin-
terrupted appropriations had been made from that
time, yet they were now thrown back upon the
constitutional question, and had to argue it ab
initio. Replying first 10 the protests entered by
Messrs. Rhett, Payne, and others, to the claim
of tins power as an incidental power, by reading
from Mr. Madison, distinctly avowing the doctrine
of incidental powers, he took the position, and de-
fended it at length, that the power to make these
improvements of harbors and rivers docs reside in
Congress, and is incident to the power to regulate
commerce; standing in the same category of inci-
dental powers as the power to grant pensions, to
send out an exploring expedition, to eiect a build-
ing for the assembling of Congress, &c.
He alluded to the great rivers of the West; and
with reference to the term " inland seas," which
had been applied to them by the Memphis con-
vention, said, it needed not this extravaganza of
that convention to convince us of what everybody
knew before—of the national character and import-
ance of those rivers. He then proceeded generally
to argue the constitutional power of Congress over
the rivers and harbors proposed to be provided for,
and to enforce the expediency of the exercise of
that power, yielding, for the purposes of explana-
tion and inquiry, to Mr. Rhett, upon the ques-
tion of the extent and bearing of the ordinance of
1787, and reading from the writings, and citing the
official acts, of Presidents Monroe, Jackson, and
Van Buren,in endorsement of appropriations for
these identical rivers and harbors, provision for
which was now so strongly denounced as a sys-
tem of plunder and robbery by gentlemen who as-
sumed to speak under the authority of these dis-
tinguished statesmen.
Mr. T. noticed the comparisons which had been
made between the respective amounts of appropri-
ations heretofore made by the General Govern-
ment for the North and for the South, and referred
to some of the items for the latter—the fifteen mil-
lions paid for the purchase of Louisiana, the five
millions for Florida, the amount of cost of the Sem-
inole war which he located between five millions
and forty millions of dollars, and others—to show
that, in point of fact, the youth had no right to
complain. But lie regretted all such comparisons.
He assured gentlemen, and the gentleman from
Mississippi, that if he had any pioper measure
which he wished to carry out, he could appeal to
no man for aid with better hopes of success than
to him; and m reference to the strictures of Mr.
A. Johnson upon the composition of the standing
committees of the House, he considered it unkind
in Tennessee, Democratic Tennessee, to complain
that she had not power enough in this House.
Mr. T. then passed to the subject of the lakes, re-
ferring to the vast and increasing amount of their
commerce, the rapid growth of the cities and set-
tlement of the bordering counti y consequent there-
on, the great number (200,000) of human beings
floated annually upon their bosom, the number of
vessels and steamboats, and of sailors; and made
an earnest appeal for the protection of the lives and
property interested; urging also the expediency,
as the best means of defence, of improving the
harbors on the lakes for the protection of our ma-
rine, which was an cihcient substitute for fortifica-
tions. In the course of his remarks he touched
upon many other incidental topics.
Air. WOOD said it was too much to suppose he
could make a speech commensurate with the im-
portance of that arm of the sea upon which it was
his good fortune to reside. What Hendrick Hud-
son supposed was a strait leading to the north sea,
subsequent events had made true. The Hudson
river was now the channel leading to great and
important northern seas—the great lakes.
As regarded one item in the bill—the appropri-
ation for the Portland canal—there was a general
unanimity. He would go further in relation to
this than any other gentleman who had spoken on
this bill, lie would authorize the President to
sell out the interest of the Government in that ca-
nal. The Government should never own any
stock. All the other items had been sanctioned
by successive Presidents. He noticed the section-
al and other objections to this bill. He said that
a larger appropriation was needed for a commer-
cial than an agricultural people. It was not the
fault of the North that the commerce of the South
was not equal to that of the North. The cause of
this lay deeper than any appropriation could cure,
or than any free-tiade doctrine, although, in one
sense, he was a free-trade man—he went for a rev-
enue tanif. He was opposed to log-rolling, and
to prevent it had voted for that resolution which
placed each measure on its own merits. He had
I as much reverence for the Constitution as any man—
| he was a strict constructionist—but he was not
I strict at one time and latituamarian at another as
' might suit his own purpose. He read from the
; Madison Papers to show that the appropriations
j for harbors was constitutional. That the States
i having surrendered the right of imposing tonnage
' and other duties to the General Government, the
General Government was bound to do that for
! them which they would have done for themselves
! had they not surrendered these rights. The Gov-
| eminent was either bound to make these appro-
] priations, or give back to the States the means of
j doing it, which they had surrendered.
I He commented upon the doctrine of jurisdiction
i of tlie Government being co-extensive with tide-
; water. He contended that the appropriations for
the lake harbors wereconstita'ti&ial; th^tt the ap-
propriation for the Hudsoii wah conceded; to be
constitutional because.within tide-water; and .be-
cause the Government h,ad a post above tlie' pojnt
where these appropriations were to be expended,"
as stated by gentlemen -who had addressed the
committee. • ' '
Mr. IiHETT explained. .
Mr. WOOD laid down the rule that appropria-
tions were proper for large rivers, with an import-
ing as well as exporting commerce, and which
could not be made by any one State. Hedid hot
include streams like the Mohawk, and similar
streams, wholly within the State; he went for no
such thing.
Mr. W. proceeded to show the importance of
the trade of the Hudson, and the commerce at Al-
bany, and the amount of travel; that the'list of ves-
sels trading to the port of Albany was, for 1845, 54
steamboats, 56 barges, 266 schooners, 397 sloops,
<fec. He also read from Captain Hoge's report,"to
show the extent of this trade, embracing eighteen
States and two Territories, and vessels from nine
different States.
He did not ask this appropriation for his own
immediate constituents; but for the whole West,
the East, and the South.
The Hudson river was the great commercial out-
let of the western trade. It opened the commerce
of all north of the Ohio river, as well as the ^Tpper
Mississippi. If sectional feeling or the spoilt doc-
trine should defeat the appropriation for the flud-
son and his State, so be it. A State'that had-alreaidy
expended between thirty and forty millions for in-
ternal improvement, and paid her debts, was not to
be bribed or bought for the comparatively pitiful
appropriation contained in this bill.
Belonging to the strictest sect of the Democracy
of his State, he was not less a Democrat because
he should vote for what was clearly constitutional
His foreboding for the future fate of the Constitu-
tion would not now prevent his going for what was
strictly constitutional. Such was the appropriation
for which he contended.
Mr. VINTON followed. It had not been origi-
nally his intention, he said, to take part in this dis-
cussion; but in the progress of it, he had come to
the conclusion to say something in relation to the
constitutional power of the House to pass this bill.
That power, however, had been so ably vindicated
by the gentleman from Maryland yesterday, [Mr.
Constable,] by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Winthrop,] and he might add by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to-day, [Mr. Thomp-
son,] that it would be a work of supererogation for
him (Mr. V.) to follow in the track which they had
already beaten out. He agreed in the main*with
them that the power to pass "this bill—the great
power of this Government over its foreign and in-
land trade—the great power to make improvements
to promote both—was to be derived chiefly from
that clause of the Constitution which conferred the
commercial power on this House, and where the
gentlemen, to whom he had alluded, had placed it.
But he was equally satisfied that this House had
the power to make all such improvements as were
necessary for the defence of the country, either ex-
ternal or internal, offensive or defensive, or for the
preservation of the public tranquillity. He had
abandoned the idea of making a speech on that
point; but there was one topic which had been
brought into this debate which, as yet, was in a
good measure untrodden ground, and which, as he
thought, ought not to be allowed to pass here with-
out some consideration being given to it before the
question was taken. It had been repeatedly as-
serted that this doctrine—this policy of internal
improvements—the power to make these improve-
ments—was an old Federal doctrine; that it had
always been one of the lines of demarcation be-
tween the Federal and the Democratic parties; and
thus gentlemen who acted with the Democratic
party had been arraigned as deserters from their
j own pnnciples and policy, and had been called
| upon, not in the language of command exactly—
; but they had been implored to return back to that
I policy, and to those principles, on which they had
j always stood. He did not propose to make a party
; speech. He never indulged in party reproaches.
: He did not intend to say anything at which ge/ttle-v
| men could take offence. He intended always to
| form his own opinions, and to vote and aet'^accord-
I ingly; and he would cheerfully yield the privilege
I to every other gentleman to do the same thing.
