498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
DOUGLASS a satisfactory explanation took place
of the personal rcmarka alluded to at a previous
stage of the proceedings.
Tiie committee then rose and reported.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON desired to call up
tlie resolution, heretofore offered*. in relation to
supplying the reporters with the printed docu-
ments. The House had now in its possession all
the information as to the cost which was requisite
to enable it to act.
Mr. GROVER expressed himself willing to as-
sent to the resolution, if (as the reporter under-
stood) it should be so modified as to include bills
and reports only.
Mr. COBB suggested that, as the House was
very thin, the question should lie over until to-
morrow.
After some conversation—a resolution having
first been adopted to meet at eleven o'clock to-
morrow—
The House, at a late hour, adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented, under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. GARVIN: The petition of John Fmdley and
Prcssly N". Ambersonjadmimstrutois of Lieutenant William
Ambeisoii, deceased, praying Tor the passage of a law uuuit-
ing to the heirs of the deceased the amouut of commutation
pay due him for services during the Revolution: referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. Six petitions
from citizcns of Mercer and Crawford counties, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for the establishment of a continuous mail-
route fiom New Castle, Pennsjivania, via Pulaski, West
Middlesex, Sharon, Shaip^tmig, Clark«vil!e, Hiunbuuj,
West Greenville, and Hamtown", to Meadvilio* lefened to
the Committee on the Post Olfice and Post Roads. !
By Mr. llENLEY: The petition of John R. Jones and 5*3 '
others, citizens of Knox county, Indiana, praying foi the |
establishment ot a national armory at Foit Massac, on the [
Ohiorivei. j
By Mi. JAMES THOMPSON: The petition of Newell !
Martin, praying C\>n&re>-< to allow the elotlnim pioeured i
for himself for three years, while ahoidtermthe aiiuy ol the
United States: refened to the Committee on Claims.
I>y Mr. E. W. FHJBAIU); The petition of Chatles An-
thony, J. Clay, John J. Woiinan, and «i7 otheis, ptavmg tor
a new mail-ioule fiotn the Vellow I/ianch, m Campbell
comity, Virginia, by Ma-ton, Clay's Mill, and Ainoidton, to
Louisville, a distance of eighteen mil'W : relened to tlie
Committee on the Po^t Oihee and Po*t Houd*.
By Mr. WILLIAMS ; The petition of Mary Andrews for
a pension: refened to tlie Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
By Mr. ATKINSON : The petition of N. C. Whitehead,
piesnlentof tho Norfolk Seaman's Friend Society, and ot
several otheis, asking that Congress will pa.-w a law to dis-
pense with the services of one of the stated chaplains on
the Noifolk station, and that the chaplain of the marine
hospital at Norfolk discliaige a portion of the duties of chap-
lain on that station; refened to the Committee on Naval
Affairs
By Mr. TIBBATTS : The petition of Henry Thompson,
of C'ynthiana, Kentucky, praying a pension.
By Mr. STEWART: The petition and documents of An-
drew Flauegan, ot Pennsylvania, a lieutenant in the late
war: refened to the Committee ou Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. MORSE : The petition of Thomas Watson, John
G. Rives, and 76 others, citizens of Louisiana and Texas,
praying for the establishment of a post-road from (Aeen-
wood, Louisiana, to Moore's post office, Texas • reieircd to
the Committee on the Post Oflicc and Post Roads.
By Mi. GEO. W. JONES : The petition of Saiah Urane,
William Pollen, and otheis, liejrs of William Pollen <u
Paulding, deceased, asking compensation for the sei vices ol
their father, the said William Pollen or Paulditur, rendered
dunng Die l evolutionary wai: letened to the Committee on
Re\olutionaiv Claims.
By Mr. WENT WORTH: The petition of citizens of J)u
Page county, foi a mail-route fiom Chicago, via Steam Mill,
Edwaid EUliego's on E<i>t On Page, Wauensville, Snyder's
Mill, to Auroia, Kane county, Illinois ; ic-ferred to tbc'Com-
mittce on the Post Otfice and Post Roads. The petUion of
citizens of Chicago, for the right of way for a 1 ail road fiom
Chicago to Galena: referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals. The petition ot James Johnson of McHemvcoun-
ty, Illinois, for relief: refened to the Committee ot Claims.
The petition of citizens of Kane county, for a mad-ioute
from Bnstol, Kendall county, via Sugar Grove, Grouse,
Blackberry, Avon, and Line, to Sycamore, De Kalb county,
Illinois: refeired to the Committee on the Po*t Office and
Post Roads. Also, the petition of citizens of Iioquois coun-
ty, Illinois, for a nnul-ioute from Iroquois, Iroquois county,
III., via Courtiight's Mills, Middleport, Jonathan Wnght's
on Spring creek, and Tieckle-'s on the Middle toik of the
Vermillion, to Urbana: refened to the Committee on tlie
Post Office and Post Roads. The petition of the Chicago
and Galena Railroad Company, for a light of way, pre-emp-
tion, &c.: leferred to Committee on Roads and Canals.
By Mr. A. A. CHAPMAN: The petition of Peter Ham-
mond and other citizens of Botetouit county, Virginia, piay-
ing for the establishment of a post-route from Fmea-tle to
Blaeksbunr.
HOPKINS: The petition of .T. M. Crismond and
399 others, citizens of the counties of Tazewell and Giles,
praying for the establishment of a mail-route from Mechan-
icsburg, by the house of James Davidson, at the Rocky Gap,
thence gffong the valley of the South or Muddy foilc of Wolf
creek, by the house of Pleasant Murphy, to Tazewell court-
house; to return bv the valley of the Clear fork of Wolf
creek, by the house of Henry W. Dills and Rocky Gap to
Mechamesburg: referred to tlie Committee on the 1*031 Office
and Post Roads,
By Mr. JACOB THOMPSON : The petition of J. I). W.
Duckworth and 65 others, piayins the establishment of a
mail-route from TIillsboroHgh,through Raleigh and Williams-
burg, to Columbia, Mississippi: which was referred to the
Committee on tho Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. A. JOHNSON: The petition of Nancy Jemima
Richards: referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. LEIB: The petition of the heirs of Samuel Ran-
som, who was killed at the battle of Wyoming, in 1778, pray-
ing compensation for tlie services of the said decedent, a« an
officer in the Pennsylvania Continental Line: refened to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. CUMMINS: The petition of Thomas Ilogu and
74 other citizens of Ohio, asking Congiess to make au ap-
propriation foi the purpose of building a win; suspension
bridge across the Ohio river at Wheeling, Virginia, to con-
nect the national road, on the Virginia side, with the same
load on the Ohio side of that nvei: referred to the Commit-
tee on Road-- and Canals.
By Mi. YOST: Tho petition of Jones & Boker, and others,
of the citv of Washington, praving for nn appropuation for
the pavment of certain tieasury note^ lo.-t bv lobbcry of the
United States mail • reterred to the Committee of Ways and
Mean--.
Bv Mr. M. L. MARTIN: Three petitions of citiv:en« of
Mihvaukie, for a po*f route from Detroit to Mihvankie, via
Battle Creek, Grand Rapids, and (hand Haven, in the State
of Michigan.
By Mi. BOYD: The petition from citizens of Ballard
county, and another fiom citizens of Marshall county,Ken-
tucky, for additional in.nl facilities in tlio«e counties.
By Mi. RFSSKLL: The petition of Asa Hastings, of War-
ren county, New York, asking to be placed on the invalid
peiiMoniDll. The petition of''.lames Culver, for arrears of
pension due Phebe Culver: both refeired to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
>Svturday, March 14, 1846.
Tho Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER said the business first in order
would be tho call of the committees for reports.
On motion of Mr. .T. R. TNGERSOLL, the
House proceeded to the consideration of the bill,
heretofore reported, but informally laid over, " fur-
ther to amend nn act supplementary to an act to
fix the value of certain money of account at tlie
custom-house in tho United States for computing-
the duties on imports."
After a few words from Mr. GRTNNELL, the
bill was read a third time, and passed.
The SPEAKKR then proceeded to call the com-
mittees for reports.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH, from the Committee
on Public Lands, to which was referred the bill to
grant the ri^ht of pre-emption to actual settlers
on the lands ocquiicd by treaty from the Miami
Indians in Indiana, reported an amendatory bill,
accompanied by a report in writing.
Mr. S. wished tlie bill to take its place on the
calendar.
Mr. POLLOCK moved its commitment.
Mr. CATHCART remarked that he should
take the present occasion to call the attention of
the House to this bill. It provided for granting
the right of pre-emption to the settlers upon these
lands, al two dollars per acre. He must admit
that he regretted that the Committee on Public
Lands deemed it necessary to place the minimum
above $1 25. He could see no reason why the
settlers upon one side of an imaginary line, should
bo charged per acre, while equally good, and
often better land, was granted on the other side at
§1 25. He felt that he need not, at this day, use
any argument to prove the beneiicial operation of
our general pre-emption system. That system |
docs not operate injuriously upon tlie interests of:
the Government, while it prevents those combina- j
tions among speculators by which both the Gov- !
ernment is immediately wronged, and her interests |
outraged by robbing her best citizens of their i
fondly-cherished homes. _ j
Mr. C. said he had the honor to represent the !
settlers for whose relief this bill was intended. He j
had settled many years ago among a similar popu-!
lation, and he felt happy here to be enabled to say !
that they were a noble, generous-hearted race, :
whom to know was to respect. Mr. C. would i
therefore respectfully beseech, on the part of the 1
members of the House, a careful examination of!
the report and bill, and he would then feel assured 1
that when the bill was reached, being understood,
it would receivc their approval.
After a few words from Messrs. POLLOCK and
SMITH, the bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SEAMAN,from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, made a report upon the case of,
Miuy Campbell, accompanied by a bill for her fts--
lief; which bill was read twice, and Committed.',
Mr. SEDDON, from the Committee on Invalid "
Pensions, made a report upon the petition Of Lewis
Lavy, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
bill was read twice, and committed.
Mr. SEAMAN, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, made adverse reports upon the
cases of Edward Smith, of Abner Watson, and of -
John Murphy; which reports were laid upon the
tdjilr. SEDDON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made a report upon the petition of Wil-
liam Gump, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which bill was read twice, and committed.
Mr. JENKINS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, made a report upon the case of
Leak "Gray, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which bill was read twice, and committed.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
motion made by Mr. Rathbuj?, on the 91st of
February last, to reconsider the vote by which the
bill from the Senate entitled "An act to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to make an arrange-
ment or compromise with IMangleM. Q-uackenboss
and his co-obligors, or any of them, for claims on
bonds given by them as sureties to the United
States," was laid upon the table; and the question
being put, " Shall the said vote be reconsidered >"
it was decided in the affirmative.
So the vote was reconsidered; and on motion of
Mr. RATHBUN, - -
Ordered, That tlie said bill be recommitted to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. C. J. INGrERSOLL,'from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, reported a bill more effectually
to provide for the enforcement of certain provisions
in the treaties of the United States, accompanied by
a report; which bill was read twice and committed.
Mr. I. also, from the same committee, made a
report to accompany the bill to repeal that part of
the act of the 30tfi August, 1842, which imposes a
duty of 20 per cent, ad valorem on Java coffee, and
to refund the discriminating tonnage duties levied
on Spanish vessels, except those from Cuba and
Porto Rico, by the act of 31st July, 1832, reported
on the 16th of January last, and committed to the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union.
Mr. I. moved that the said bill be made the spe-
cial order for Tuesday, the 23st of Apiil next, to
take precedence of all other business until disposed
of; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to re-
peal the 20th and part of the 31st sections of the act
to change the organization of the Post Office De-
partment, and to provide more effectually for the
settlement of the accounts thereof, approved 2d
July, 1836; which bill was read a first and second
time, and postponed for the present.
Mr. MORSiL, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an adverse report upon the
memorial of Pierre Chouteau, jr., and others, for a
confirmation of the title to certain lands known as
the Dubuque claim, in Iowa; which report was laid*
upon the table.
Whilst the SPEAKER was calling the commit-
tees,
Mr. DANIEL rose and said, that, looking to the
short time allotted to private bills, he felt constrain-
ed to move that the House now proceed to the pri-
vate orders of the day.
The motion was rejected.
THE CUMBERLAND ROAD.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH, from the Committee
on Roads and Canals, reported the following reso- '
lution:
i Resolved, That the House bill making ail appro-
! priation of four hundred thousand dollars for the
j continuation of the Cumberland road in the States
j of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, be made the special
; order of the day for Monday, the 23d of March,
! instant; then to take precedence of all other busi-
j! ntss.
Mr. R. SMITH made an energetic and earnest
j! endeavor, by way of explanation, to induce the-
i' House 10 agree to the resolution, but was admon-
|' ished by the Speaker that, as the resolution looked
:\ to the orler of business, no debate could foe al-
ii lowed. - . , .-I'
