1*846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, moved that the
resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. R. SMITH asked for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER divided the House, and said
they were not ordered. .
Mr. SMITH then demanded tellers to divide the
House on-his.call for the yeas and nays; and, the
House Jbemg divided' by tellers, it was found that
one-fifth of the members present voted for the yeas
and nays,-and they were accordingly ordered.
And- the question was forthwith taken on the
motion to lay the resolution on the table, and de-
cided in the negative by yeas and nays, 61 voting
m favor of the motion, and 68 against it.
Mr. R. SMITH said he was willing to modify
the resolution so as to meet the wishes of members,
and named the third Monday of April next.
The question was then put on agreeing to the
resolution as modified, and there were in the affirm-
ative 69, in the negative 52.
There not being two-thirds in the affirmative, the
resolution was not agreed to.
A PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. EAYLY moved that (he House resolve
itself into Committee of (he Whole, on the state
of the Union; but withdrew the motion at there-
quest of
Mr. YANCEY, who asked leave to make a per-
sonal explanation.
And the leavo having been granted,
Mr. YANCEY said that yeKie.nlnv, in the heat
of debate, and when sonicwliat irritated by lmviiij*
had an urij ust charge made, upon him. lie had retorted
by denominating those members of the Democrat-
ic party who advocated the expemlimi^ of public
money for " a gcner.il system of internal improve-
ments" as "protended Democrats," 1 regret, .sir,
(continued Mr. Y.,) that I used the phrase. I r< ■
gret that I too frequently, in the excitement of a
general debate, use language that reflection con-
vinces me were better left mineed. It i,i ever my
pride, if by it T do injustice, to rectify it. Jn tins
instance, as I had no standard by which to jiuUre
of the truth of the remark 1 iinidc, f should not
have made it. However much 1 may regret and
disapprove of the course of I >emoerals he.ie in sus-
taining a bill which 1 must think clearly violates
both the Constitution and the resolutions of iho
Baltimore convention, it is not for me to judge of
the motives which lead them to do so, or of the
sincerity with which they advocate the Democrat-
ic platform. That 1 must leave to their own con-
sciences, their God, and their constituency.
Mr. YANCEY renewed the motion of Mr.
Bayly, but waived it (Mr. Bavi.v assenting) at
the request of
Mr. DOUGLASS, whQ (under leave of the
House) was understood to say:
I will only say that if I used the. word "pre-
tended" Democrats—I do not think I used it;
but  
Mr. YANCEY. I used it.
Mr, DOUGLASS. If 1 did—though I do not
think I did—I equally withdraw it.
E1VEH5 AND HARBORS.
The question having then been taken on iho mo-
tion of Mr. Bayly* and decided in the affirmative,
the House again resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Thos.
Smith, of Indiana, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill making- appropriations for
the improvement of certain harbors and rivers, and
the amendments thereto pending-.
Mr. JOHN W. HOUSTON (who was entitled
to the floor) addressed the committee bricily. He
did not intend (he said) to enter into a discussion
of the various topics which had been introduced
into the debate. His main object was to explain
the propriety and expediency of making certain
amendments which he desired to have read for in-
formation, and which he intended at the proper
time to offer. They were read as follows:
"Amend the 77th and 78th lines, which contain
an appropriation of $15,000 for improving the har-
bor at Newcastle, Delaware, by striking out the
said sum of $15,000, and inserting in lieu thereof
$40,000.
"Also, amend th6 81st and 82(1 lines of the
bill, which contain an appropriation of 75,000 for
completing the Delaware breakwater, by striking
put-the said sum of $75,000, and inserting in lieu
- %reof #100,000."
There were several other important points (Mr.
H. said) upon the waters of the Delaware bay and
river which had been entirely overlooked in the
provisions of this bill, which, in his judgment,
were eminently deserving of the attention of the
committee and of the General Government, and to
provide for which he should offer amendments, if
ne could flatter himself with the slightest hope that
they would be entertained. Mr. H. then proceed-
ed to make a brief statement of facts in relation to
the expediency of the amendments he had pro-
posed; and urged their claims upon the fair and
impartial, if not favorable, consideration of the
committee.
Mr. BAKER gave notico of his intention to offer
an amendment, making an appropriation of $75,000
for the Illinois mcr. TJe, did not propose, he said,
to discuss the constitutional and party questions
that had been drawn into this debate. ITe was
fortunately < f that poor and despised company
whose opinions on this question •were well known.
Fortunately lie did not need to refer to the opin-
ions of tending men, and attempt, to toiture them
into uu auumirnt faxotabk* to the one side or the
other, to justify his von;. He was in f.tvor of the
largest construction of the Constitution in relation
to internal improvememN, ami more especially, as
a western man, h * was aMe to justify his vote
before the people of the country and before his own
immediate ^ooMtiiiu-iHs. Hut he would ask the
I attention of the committee to a mamr which re-
; ft rred to hw hnmcdinti* coiiMimems, and t> the
; people of IHpioh; lor he especial to do them no
i«- il, pra'Mknl  < od «>u the Jloio, other th:m a j he
mistht he iiMe to *;< t the Mfelilioli of lh< eommitt* e
to the amendment he lenj pr-.-M, -ed.
Mr. P>. then pro* eeded S'tiefly to explain the ob-
ject of ih«' aiueiiditn n?, and to n-^o iu? claims upon
the consideration oi'the committee.
Mr. K \ V 1A obtained the floor, «uid yielded to
Mr, NKHDO.W who ^ruc hotu-e of hi.s inten-
tion, when in order, to otP r an amendment.
Mr. 11A VIA*, in the lew ivmmks he desired to
submit to the committ*  , .oiouM ,vy nothing of the
Oregon i]uctn<>ji, which he thon-hf hud h< < n -o
improperly hen'jed into this deivto. i)c< lining .
nIno to enter into the discussion of other inciden- :
tni topics which had been introduced, he proceed- j
ed briefly lo the consideration of the subject before '
the House, in his opinion, this Government had
no nower to construct internal improvements either
witn or without the consent of the States, This
Government was one of delegated powers, pos-
sesHin - no powers except those expressly dele-
gated or absolutely necessary to carry into effect
expressly delegated powers; and it was as well a
Government of delegated means as of delegated
powers. Understanding the Constitution in this
way, he had looked through its provisions in vain
for a solitary one that could sanction tins system
of internal improvements by the General Govern-
ment.
As dear as he was upon the constitutional ques-
tion, he was still more so upon the question of ex-
pediency. Mot only was the power to construct
internal improvements not delegated, and not de-
signed to hu delegated, to this Government, but it
was expressly refused; and it was a great stroke
of wisdom that this power was withheld. This
Congress, from its very composition—from the ex-
tent of country over which it legislates—would he
utterly incompetent to legislate wisely upon the
subject. The States, with their superior advanta-
ges of an intimate knowledge of the country, with
the restraints of direct taxation for the supply of
their respective treasuries, &e., had, notwithstand-
ing, been plunged into bankruptcy and oppressive
indebtedness; and the ellecus of this system, if
adopted by the General Government, would be in
a greater degree disastrous.
Tvfr. B. touched upon one or two other points;
and having thus brieily disposed of the subject
immediately under consideration, in reply to the
speech of Mr. Hudson in reference to the effect
which the modification or repeal of the English
corn-laws will have upon the agricultural interests
of our country, he entered into a minute investiga-
tion of statistics arid facts, in exposure of what he
considered the fallacious arguments and the erro-
neous conclusions to which the gentleman from
Massachusetts had arrived.
Mr. STEWART then obtained the door, and
addressed the committee during the hour. He di-
rected his argument mainly to two points; first, to
the constitutional power to make these improve-
ments; and secondly, to the expediency of its exer-
cise. He insisted on the existence of the power,
and argued the expediency of its adoption,
Mr. S. devoted the remainder of his hour to the
discussion of the tariff, in reply to Mr. Bayly, and
in defence of the existing tariff, dilating upon what
he considered the deceptive promises of benefit to
the United States from the proposed change in the
English corn-laws, and upon the disastrous results
which would ensue upon a repeal of the existing
tariff, or the substitution therefor of the bill of the
Secretary of the Treasury, under which, if it went
into operation, he predicted that eighteen months
would not elapse before there would not be a spe-
cie-paying bank in the country.
In the course of.his remarks he gave way for
explanation to Ales-sis. Bvyly and Leake.
Mr. E. H. EWIJSTG obtained the floor, butyield-
ed to a motion that the committee rise; which pre-
vailing, the committee ruse, and
The House adjourned.
| PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
I pented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
| priatc committees; *
i Bv Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL : The petition of L. U.
i Blond, ant! 0-2 other citizens' ot Myotic, m the Suite oi Con-
■ jieeiient, praung for the abolition of' M.ivciy in the District
of Columbia referred to the Committee for the ])i>fnet of
Co'ienliju The p.ipen m the ea^-eof the late Eh.->ha Traeev,
■ o' .N'oiwieh. Connecticut, n-knig Congress for addmomil
piiv; al-<  uiowd that tie- petition ami othoi papers be taken
Jioiti rite ide- of the H'Mhc of Representative^, and releried
to til.' Coiiliultt.'.' .if CianiK.
' I:* Mr. I) I't The petition of John Jl. Crone
I ami </? oihei < -ti 'ens of MuWleUnvii, m the State of Con-
1 neeheut, petitioiiim; < 'oi-L'o ^ To pou ide that a convention
' ol nution-, may he .trembled jo loim a code of national
, lav , h\- \\ hieli the oil-Me-l*- iney l«e pre^rved.
j Kv Mr. K. SMITH- Additional e\ ,i!"nee in support Of the
; < !'it'ii oi p.'tei Sh,ill* i • te:eii< d to the ('< mnmttpe of Claims.
, The pennon oi •;,">{)«iti/en-< ot t nion <-ounty, tihnou-f,piav-
■ in', iin ii|i|)topii:i!ioii fot the natmird mux w atFortMassac:
' lefr in «! to ti-e Committee on Mi'>?;o\ Atl.m^.
I?\ 'Mr HOPKINS- 'Hie ]]>e><ioM.il ot Mi<. IMaiy Hent-
lev,* widow of C"! VViNiio'i t;.-nf!e\, a-knm to ho allowed
the r-aiue reitiiinet.uion tortne .-emee^ Oi hei In^hand in
the \\jtt of the iJevoluiion, uincli ha^ been allowed to the
widows of othet oHuci^ who \v*'ie maincd poor to 1T94.
Itv Mr. POLLOCK - The petition of Simon Havvley, and
fort \ -«i\- others, citizens of Lycoming county, Pennsylvania,
renionstratma; against any alteration or reduction of tlie ta-
nrt'aet of '■*
Ry Mr. JAMES B. HUNT : The petition of T, H. Lyon,
and two hundred ami three other citizens of the Grand lliver
valley, Michigan, praying for the establishment of a mail-
route from Grand Rapids, Michigan, to Milwaukie, inutile
Turiitory of Wisconsin.
Uy Mr. J. O. (THAPMANt The memorial of Geo. Coombs,,
executor of Cornelius Mannine. asking payment for an ex-
ported «?{ave. The memorial of many masters and owners of
vewls, asking an appropriation tor tlie erection of a beacon
light at the mouth of Annapolis harbor.
Ry .Mr. SClftfXCK: The memorial of !">. Dodge, P. Camp-
hell, K, JSTondy, and S. 1). Dakin, and others, of New York,
m relation to tlie con^trucoon of soetioiml floating dry-
doela , h;i>in?, and raihvaysi ut Pensacola and other naval
stations.
Ry Mi. McCLERNAND: The memorial of citizens of the
State of Tlhnois, piavins ii donationof land to aid in the
support of a deuf and chimb as>Iiun m Jacksonville, in said
State: referied to the Committee on Public Lands. The
memorial of citizens of the State of Illinois, praying a dona-
tion of land to aid in the establishment of a lunatic asylum
in Jacksonville, in said State: referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Ry Mr. SCAMMON: The'petition of Richard Palmer, for
arrearages of pension: referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
By Mr. SYKES? The memorial of the Perth Amboy Man-
ufacturing Company of New Jersey, relative to the purchase
of a patent foi\ manufacturing mail-locks: referred to tlie
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Bv Mr. MeCONNELL: The memorial of the Hon. Gar-
rard Stiff, of Cedar Bluff, Alabama, praying Congress to buy
his copyright of The Lady of the Peak, a national romance;
or, the Foundling of a Cave.
" Tiuth is stranger than fiction."
The most thrilling, astounding, instructive, and edifying
narrative in any language. Replete m life, love, elopement,
robbery, msanitv, murder,politics, religion,and death. Be-
ing a historical and apt illustration of the sublime beauty and
radiant glory, as well as the imperfections of our institu-
tions m
"Fairy fiction dressed."
By the author of "The Texas Emigrant," "Romance of
Virginia," " Murder in Cedar Bluff," &c., See.
By Mr. HOUGH: The petition of the citizens of the coun-
ties of Oswego and Jefferson, New York, for an appropria-
tion for the continuance of the public vvoiks at the mouth of
Salmon liver, on Lake Ontario: refeired to the Committee
of the .Whole on the state of the Union.
By Mr. McCRATE: The petition of Warren Rice, and
foiiy-sevcn others, citizens of Wiscasset, Maine, a&king
Congress to provide some means for the peaceful settlement
ot national disputes, and thus avoid tlie eviis of war.
By Mr. DOBBIN: The petition of the heirs of Captain
