500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March
John Slaughter, of the North Carolina Continental Line, for
commutation. m
By Mr. B. MARTIN: The petition of Tlioinns Davis, of
Lawrence county, Tennessee, for an increase of revolution •
.11 y pension: referred to tile Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
By Mi. FICKL-IN: The petition of Jas. K. Scott, of De
Witt county, and eighty-eight otheis, praying the establish-
ment of a weekly mail-route from Decatur, Maeon county,
through Clinton, the county seat of De Witt county, to Bloom-
instoii, in McLean county: leferred to the Committee on
tlie Post Office and Post Roads.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 16, 1846.
The PRESIDENT being absent, in consequence
of indisposition, the chair was occupied by Senator
Seviek.
The Journal haying been read,
Mr. SEMPLE presented a petition of citizens of
Illinois, praying the establishment of a national ar-
mory at Fort Massac, on the Ohio river, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. SPEIGHT presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Mississippi, praying the
adoption of measures for draining the inundated
public lands lying between the Yazoo and Missis-
sippi rivers in that State, and a grant of land to tlie
State of Mississippi for purposes of internal im-
provements; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BREESE presented the petition of R. II.
Champion anil P. P. Dering, praying the right of
pre-emption to a quarter section of land in the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHALMERS presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Mississippi, praying a
grant of land to aid in the improvement of the-
Chickasakey, Pascagoula, and Leaf rivers, in tli.it
State; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial from a
State military convention, assembled at Harrislnirg,
Pennsylvania, praying a reorganization of the mil-
itia system of the United States; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the Militia, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. JENNESS presented a petition of citizens
of Newmarket, New Hampshire, praying the adop-
tion of measures for the pacific settlement of all in-
ternational difficulties; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition ofWtti. B.
Fail, praying permission to change ihe location of
a tract of land entered by him under the act to pro-
vide for the armed occupation and settlement of the
unsettled part of FIonda: which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a memorial of
citizens of Michigan, praying that the mineral
lands of the United States may be sold as other
public lands; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. DIX presented two petitions of citizens of
New York, praying the abrogation of certain trea-
ties made with the Scneea Indians; which were
referred to the Committee on Indian Afiairs.
Mr. ARCHER presented the petition of the
heirs and legal representatives of Willis Wilson, de-
ceased, an officer in the revolutionary army, pray-
ing to be allowed commutation pay; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CASS presented two petitions of citizens of
Michigan, praying the construction of a harbor at
the mouth of the Sheboygan river; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of New York, praying the abrogation of cer-
tain treaties made with the Seneca Indians; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. D. also presented a communication, signed
by Charles Callaghan, in relation to the payment
of the certificates issued by the United States to
claimants in whose favor awards have been made
by the commissioners under the convention with
Mexico; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, submitted doc-
uments relating to the claim of Agnes Williams to
an increase of pension; which were referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
EXPENSES OP THE GOVERNMENT.
. Mr* YULEE submitted the following resolu-
tion) which lies over:
Resvked, That, the President of the United States
be requested to furnish the Senate with the fol-
lowing information, to wit:
_ What has been the average total annual expen-
diture of the Government during each period of
ten years since the year 1796.
What has be'en the average annual expense du-
ring each period of ten years since the year 1796;
of—
1. The civil department of the Government.
2. The military branch of service.
3. The naval branch of service.
4. The Indian relations.
5. The public lands.
Separating the expenditures in each branch into
appropriate divisions.
What has been the average numbers of persons
annually in the public service during each period
of ten years since the year 1796—
1. In civil department, including the Indian rela-
tions.
2. In the military service.
3. In the naval service.
What number of vessels of the navy have been
in*commission in each year since 1796, and the
number of guns mounted by the same.
What has been the cost, 1st per ton, 2d per gun,
of each vessel of the navy of the United States; and
what has been the cost of repairs upon each since
built; the year when each vessel was launched, and
the number of years each vessel has been in actual
cruising scivice since they were launched.
What has been the expenditure for fortifications
in each State since the adoption of the Constitu-
tion .
What has been the expenditure of each navy-
yard, annually, including the improvements, pay
of officers, &e.
What has been the expenditure for harbors,
roads, and other ^improvements, in each State since
the adoption of the Constitution.
What bus been the total sum raised by taxation,
or otherwise, for the use of the Government since
the adoption of the Constitution.
What has been the total expenditure since the
adoption of the. Constitution—-
1. For the civil department, separating the exe-
cutive, legislative, and judicial expenses.
9. For the naval establishment.
3. For the military establishment.
4. For the Indian relations, including purchase
of lands.
REPORTS.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of citi-
zens of Bates county, Missouri, submitted a report,
accompanied by a Lull to authorize the justices of
the county court of Bates county, in the State of
iVlissouri, to enter a certain quarter section of land
for a county scat; which bill was read, and passed
to a second reading, ami the report was ordered to
be printed.
The bill was then read a second time, considered
as in committee of the whole, reported back to the
Senate without amendment, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
THE LIBELLOUS PUBLICATIONS.
After the usual morning business—the presenta-
tion of petitions, &c.—had been completed—
IV!r. BENTON rose and presented from the Se-
lect Committee the following Report, which he read
himself to the Senate, at the Secretary's table:
The committee appointed to inquire and report
what measures, if any, are proper to vindicate, the
character and honor of the Senate against the
charges of corruption, published in a newspaper
printed in Washington city, called the 11 Daily
Times," on the 5th, 9fh, ]0th, and 11th instant,
with power to examine witnesses and to send for
persons and papers, report:
That, in entering upon the execution of their
duties as prescribed m the order of their appoint-
ment, the committee believed that their researches
were to be directed to the truth of the charges of
corruption made in said paper, with a view to the
conduct of the Senate and its members, and not
with the view of arraigning or punishing the au-
thors of the publication. Under this sense of their
duties the committee summoned before them the
editor of the Daily Times newspaper, (Mr. H. H.
Robinson,) and the publisher, (Mr. J. E. Dow,) as
witnesses, who, of their own knowledge, or by
giving the names of others, might be able to prova
the alleged corruptions; and the committeef^qlineit
to act upon intimations that others, besides the* "
editor and publisher, might be found to.be 'cOBfi^ef-',: _
ed with the authorship of these publication^ The
inquiry in this way avoided all aspectqf.a-pK)ceedr>'
ing against the authors of the publications, and,tie-
came wholly directed to the character of the: fifeiiate,..
as a component part of our republican in&fitiUioiis,,
and which cannot be impaired or destroyed without:
great injury of those institutions.
To avoid calling persons unnecessarily ahd im-"<
properly before them, the committee requested the-
editor and the publisher of the paper to state'in '
writing the facts they expected to prove by each
witness, which was done; and the statements thus-
made, being copied into the minutes of proceed-
ings, became a justification for summoning each
witness, and also a guide to his examination, and
gave the editor and the publisher the benefit of di-
recting the inquiry to the points which they deemed'
material. _ .
Under the general imputation against Senators
of corrupt communications with the British Minis-
ter in relation to the settlement of the Oregon ques-
tion, the articles published in the Times contained
three specifications of a character sufficiently defi-
nite to admit of specific inquiry; and to the truth
of these specifications the researches of the com-
mittee were chiefly directed. These specifications-
were: 1. A dinner or entertainment, at the'British
Minister's, at which many Senators were said to
be present, and where corrupt conversations in re-
lation to tire Oregon question were supposed to
have been held. 2. A meeting of Whig members
in a room at the Capitol, on the Friday before the
sailing of the steamer Cambria, at which the Brit-
ish Minister was charged to be present, and where
it was said to be agreed to have a vote taken, to be
sent off to Great" Britain by the return of the
steamer. 3. All admission by Mr. Senator John
M. Clayton that he was present at the British
Minister's table where the strength of the British
Oregon party, in the Senate, as it was styled, "was-
counted by their noses."
F.ach of these specifications were found, upon
investigation, to be utterly and entirely false.
1. With respect to the dinner at the British Min-
ister's, and the alleged corrupt conversation there;
the editor and the publisher of the Times paper
each declared oil oath that he had no personal
knowledge of any such dinner or conversation.
The two persons named by them as witnesses hav-
ing " a knowledge" of the dinner or entertainment,
and of the conversation there held, namely, Messrs.
Samuel Medary and L. C. Turner, swore positive-,
ly that they had no " knowledge" of any such din-
ner, conversation, or entertainment. There re-
mained, then, no persons for further examination
on this head but the Senators charged with being
present at the supposed dinner; and the editor and
publisher of the paper having each refused to say
that he expected to prove by any member of the
Senate anv conversations with the British Minis-
ter of the "character mentioned in the publications;
and having, on the contrary, sworn that they did
not expect to prove any such conversations by said
i Senators, it appeared to the committee that there
I was no foundation for calling the said Senators or
1 any of them to testify; but it was deemed proper
i to make known to the Senators, whose names had
! been given m as witnesses, the facts in relation to
! the use made of their names, that they might act
1 in relation to it as they thought proper. They
! were informed accoi-dingly; and the Senators so
i informed, each for himself, promptly sent in sworn
j statements, utterly contradicting all that was im-
| puted to him. These statements, with the other"
| evidence, were entered on the minutes of the com-
I mittee's proceedings, and leave no doubt on the
J minds of the committee that the whole story in re-
i lation to the dinner, and the alleged coYrupt conver-
: sations, is a false and contemptible libel.
' 2. In relation to the meeting of the Whig Seiia-
1 tors in the Capitol, and the closeting of the British,
! Minister with them, on the Friday before the sail-
I ing of the Cambria,"and the alleged resolve then
j taken to have an immediate vote on the Oregon
: ciucstion to send out by the Cambria, the cpmmifc-
! t'ee, after full and careful inquiry, find thewMf
! story to be unfounded and untrue; that til ere was
1 no meeting of such Senators on that day; that tile
I British Minister was never at such a meetfflg on
i any day; that there was a mating, a jay o)LWo
1 before the diy charged, at whieh--w^s^|i|«f «>e
