502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
those gentlemen more as victims of imposition than
as being guided by malicious intention; and he
thought a careful attention to the circumstances of
the case would bear him out in that conclusion.
He had no intention of defending them; he thought
they were exceedingly in fault. They had done
wrong in publishing the statements they did with-
out evidence; but from what attention he had given
to the case, he believed that their fault lay in listen-
ing to suggestions to which they should not have
listened.
Mr. BERRIEN said he did not rise for the pur-
pose of entering; into any discussion with the Sen-
ator as to the correctness of hiss opinion on the
subject of the motives which actuated the authors
and publishers of the calumny; but he rose to ex-
press, and he begged now to repeat the expression
of lus unaffected surprise, that a member of that :
body, and a member of the committe who concur- I
red ill the report which had just been read, should j
here intimate the belief that the publishers of that 1
paper were victims of imposition. lly whom were I
they imposed on? The report in which the Sena- '
tor concurred informed them that they were called I
upon to state the sources whence their information j
was derived, and that ample opportunity was given i
them to explain whether they had,been imposed '
on, and, if so, how, and by whom; and the report
further informed the Senate that, having availed
themselves of the privilege of designating the
sources of their information, they were, in each
and every instance, contradicted by the persons to
whom they referred. He paused, then, to inquire
how it was that, in the face of that report, any I
Senator, and especially any member of the com- !
iiiiti.ee, could, 111 the f(ice of the American Senate, :
affirm his belief that the men who, by their own
confession, had uttered an unfounded calumny !
against the Senate, were the victims of imposition, 1
and not influenced by any malevolent intention. ]
.The report of the coimmtiee, if lie understood it,
contained the declaration that the individuals hud j
no personal knowledge of the facts stated in their i
publication; and it moreover contained evidence i
that they had no authority derived from other per- ,
sons. Dnestcd, by their own confession, of all !
foundation for their statements, they stood before '
the country, not as (he victims of imposition, but 1
as base calumniators of the Senate. j
Mr. DICKINSOIV said he would not tal:c issue
on a point ho had not made, nor would he allow
the Senator from Georgia to do so. The Senate
of the United States could well afford to be mag-
nanimous; and, in pursuing its own vindication, it
was unnecessary to go^ beyond vindication. He
rose to address the Chair, believing- that it became
his position, and being unwilling, as a member of
the committee, to sit silently by, not having signed
the report, without adding his evidence, without
qualification, that the Senate and every member of ,
the Senate were fully and tiiuinphantly vindicated.
Ihe only point lie had made was, that he doubted
the propriety of excluding these men ftom the gal-
lery. If the Senate, by adopting the report in
full, exclude these men from the Kenorteis'  yil -
ry, the gallery nppiopriated to the* puohr would
still be open to them. Ue had suggested his rem-
euy against misrepresentation, which was by nla-
cmg reporters upon the floor of the Senale, where
they could hear, and making them responsible;
and the country might then look to thai reoorts
as being authentic.
No Senator of his age bad received so many
rebukes as himself, but he regaided them as the
idle wind—believing that they were, as shopkeep-
ers supply their articles, to order; and he was not
disposed to find fault with the manner m which
this was done.
He regretted that the remarks which he had
thought it his duty to make had been reviewed with
such unnecessary severity by the Senator from
Georgia. Concurring in the report, he had only ex-
pressed his doubt as to the propriety of excluding
the editors or reporters from the gallery, because he
thought the publication had been rather th? result
oi thoughtlessness than malicious intention.
Ihe report was then unanimously concurred in
nem.. con.
hou'J1h„HEN^03i* °bsen"cd tllat he perceived the
OTder amf kJ fo.r,Proceecling with the special
of7h« tr . ™?uW ,10t nw 0cc py t!ie time
his intend W\ My other motio". b"t it was
in- S ™; to-moToy. to move for the print-
in^ or an extra number of copies of the report.
March lfk
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON suggested that the per-
son who was in custody for refusing to give evi-
dence, as stated in the report, should be dis-
charged.
Mr. BENTON said the witness was not in cus-
tody; he had been merely notified to attend.
iUie bill from the House of Representatives,
further to amend " An act supplementary to an
act to fix the value of certain moneys of account
in computation at the custom-house," was read a
first and second time by its title.
.Mr. DAVIS moved its reference to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, which was agreed to.
SPECIAL ORDER—OREGON QUESTION.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the Joint Resolution of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, proposing to
give notice to Great Britain of the intention of this
Government to annul the treaty for the joint occu-
pation of the Oregon tenitory, and the Resolutions
of Messrs. Hasxiigak, Calhoun, Cbittesbes,
and CoLQriTT, having relation to the same subject.
The question being on the substitute submitted by
Mr. ClilTTK.VnE.V.
Mr. CALHOUN, being entitled to the floor,
rose and addressed the Senate very nearly as fol-
lows:
The question now under order for discussion is,
whether notice shall be given to Great Britain that
the convention of joint occupancy between us and
her shall tcrminato'at the end of the year. To that
question I shall confine my remarks, limiting them
to that and to the question immediately connected
with it. I shall say nothing m regard to the title
to_ Oregon. Having been personally connected
with previous negotiations, in which that question
was concerned, it will bo seen by all, that I could
not do so without impropriety; and, therefore, that
it is proper that 1 should puss it by without notice.
I shall abstain from everything of a personal char-
acter, and from everything calculated to wound
the feelings of any gentleman; but, at the same
time, I shall express myself freely, fully, and can-
didly on all the subjects on which I shall consider
it my duty to touch. With ilvse few prefatory
remarks, I snail procced at once to the question of
notice.
There is one point on which we must all be
agreed, and that is, that a great change has taken
place since the commencement of the session in
the importance of this question, and in its bearing
upon peace and war. At that time, this measure
of notice was of the greatest and most weighty im-
portance, involving as it did the question whether
peace with Great Britain should or should not con-
tinue. _ Now, it has become one of comparatively
minor importance, and may be decided either way
without_ exerting any decisive effect on those im-
portant interests. So great, indeed, is tins change,
that the very reasons which ore urged in the Ex-
ecutive Message in support ot the iccommend.ition
that notiae shall be given, have Do longer their ap-
ple ntiun. The bearings both of the measure and
j of the several parties m the Senate which have
grown out of it, are entirely altevcd. That the
! Executive recommendation to terminate the notice
I is founded on the conviction that, pending such a
j notice, thcie can be no compromise of our diffi-
I culties on the Oregon question, must be, I think,
j admitted on all sides. Indeed, the language of the
( Message is explicit to that effect. It expresses
i the President's conviction that no compromise
I could be effected which we ought to accept. It
announces to us that he made to the British com-
j miasioner an offer of the parallel of 49'^, but that
| offer having been rejected, he ordered that it, should
! bo immediately withdrawn. And on that same
i conviction he recommends to Congress the pas-
; sage of this notice, with a view to the removal of
,j all impediments to the assertion of our right to the
■ whole of the Oregon territory. Assuming that
! there would be no compromise, the President tells
, us that, at the expiration of twelve months, a pe-
; nod will have arrived when our title to that coun-
; try must either be abandoned or firmly maintained,
j Throughout the whole Message there is not the
slightest intimation that any compromise is ex-
pected; but, on the contrary, the entire document
assumes the opposite view.
. Y®* I admit that the grounds on which the Pres-
ident bases this, his conviction, are derived from
the negotiation itself, and mainly from the fact that
his otter of a compromise on 49° was rejected. I
admit that, proceeding on that foundation, it is a
fair inference that, if England shall renew on her
part the proposition which, when made 'oh ours '
she rejected, there would be no impediment in tR,e
way to its acceptance; at the same time the Presi-
dent intimates not the slightest expectation that
such an offer will be made on her part, or that &ny
compromise will be effected. •'
Such is the view which I have been constrained
to take, after the most careful examination which
I have been able to give to the Message of the Pres-
ident; and if I may draw an inference from the
opinions of those members of the Senate who be-
lieve in the soundness of our title to the whole ter-
ritory, they concur in this view. Indeed, the
grounds on which they place themselves will not
admit of their supporting the notice under any oth-
er assumption. They go for the whole of Oregon,
because they assert that our title to the whole terri-
tory, even up to 54° 40', is clear and unquestion-
able; and they think it better that we should assert
that title by arms than abandon any part or por-
tion of it. Hence it is most manifest that if they
thought the notice could possibly result in a com-
promise, they would vote against it.
And this view which I take of the Message, and
in which these gentlemen concur, is, as I believe,
the view entertained by the country at large. Cer-
tainly it is, if we are to draw our conclusions from
the general tone of the public press; or if we are to
look at what is, perhaps, a still better index of
public opinion—the course of our intelligent "busi-
ness men; for the reception of the Message- had
the most decided effect upon the public stocks.
No sooner was its language heard than insurance
immediately rose, and, as our vessels returned from
their foreign voyages, instead of their being sent out
again to sea, they were suffered to remain inactive
at the wharves.
Such, too, was the view taken by another por-
tion gtf the Senate—among which 1 consider my-
self as included—and who were opposed to the
giving of this notice. They opposed it on grounds
directly the reverse of those on which these gentle-
men advocated it. Those who advocated the no-
tice did so because they believed there would be no
compromise, and could be none. We were oppo-
sed to the notice, because we did not agree with
them in that opinion. We believed, on the con-
trary, that a compromise might be effected, and a
common ground assumed to which both nations
would agree. We did not think that the American
title to the whole of Oregon to be so perfectly clear
as to be indisputable. We held that the title of
neither nation to the whole country was perfect;
and, therefore, we could not, and did not, believe
that two powerful and enlightened nations, such as
Great Britain and the United States, would go to
war on such a question, so long as war could by
possibility be honorably and properly avoided.
This was the view of all" who opposed the giving*
of notice at this time. We wished to give to both
parties in this controversy a breathing time—a sea-
son for calm and mature iejection; under the influ-
ence of which thev might come to some just, and
honorable, yet pacific conclusion; and because we
thought that the immediate giving of such a notice
as was proposed would bring Great Britain to one
of two alternatives—either to acquiesce in the state
of things in which we had placed the question, so -
as to permit us to get possession of the territory by
the gradual results of colonization, or to change the
otitis, and cast the blame of making war from our
shoulders upon hers, compelling her to take the
attitude of the aggressor.
There were other gentlemen in this body who
actcd with different views. These were in favor
of a compromise. They, too, thought that our
tide was not perfect, but yet were in favor of giv-
ing notice, because they believed, notwithstanding
the tone and language of tlie Message, that the
two measures were compatible—that we might
give this notice to terminate the convention, and
yet effect an amicable compromise of all our diffi-
culties. The grounds on which they come to this
conclusion seem to be three. In the first place
they think that the language of the Executive
slufws that he still entertains the hope of compro-
mise. They quote to us his express language,
where he says that he hopes an amicable arrange-
ment may be made of the questions in dispute. I
am fully aware that the President does use tjiis
language, and that the same tiling was said twiee
by the Secretary of State, in the course of the cor-
