506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March Id),
both questions—that of Texas and that of Oregon
—in a manner best calculated to keep both, and
that the course 1 pursued was the only effectual
means to unite Texas and to retain Oregon. If
my course was different towards the two, it was
because the circumstances of the two were entirely
different. In the case of Texas time was against
us-, in the case of Oregon time was for us: and
hence the difference in my policy. Texas has been
secured. We were at a point where she must come
under our influence, or under that of England. 1
was anxions to prevenr the latter, and secure the
former; and I knew that time would be against us.
I had to contend against time, which waits for no
man. That was no ease for a masterly inactivity.
1 therefore wrestled boldly with the question; arid
success has proved that the policy was sound.
But, in the case of Oregon, time was in our favor.
My policy in both cases was the same—to avoid
war and to preserve peace. I had no fears of a
war with England. 1 knew that Texas was an
independent State, and had so been acknowledged
by England herself; so that, if the people of Texai
consented to the annexation, the opposition of
England had nothing to stand on; and that wc had
nothing: to fear from Mexico, unless she was aided
by England; and that England would not aid her
unless with a mow to tlie Oregon question. And
I thought that, if the Texas question was not set-
tled, there would be bitter feeling between us and
England. Wo are both the descendants of the
same stock—both jealous and brave—both fond
(too fond) of war; England would have interfered,
and then it would cost us a war to recover that
which, by a wise and a bold policy, we might have
effectually secured.
Mr. BERRIEN next obtained the floor; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, ■ March Iti, 1840.
On motion of Mr. J. J:I. 10 WL\*G, the reading
of the Journal was dispensed with, and the Jour-
nal was approved.
HARBORS ANT) RIVEKS.
On motion of Mr. J. II. EW1NG, the House ;
resolved itsi If into Committee of the Whole on the [
state of the Union, (Mr. Thom is Smith, of In- !
(liana, in the chali ,) and resumed Ihe consideration \
of the lull making appropriations for the impinvt- ,
ment of certain harbors and rivers, and the amend- j
ments thrrelo p-'ii'lhii!:. !
Mr. K. II. FWLXG was entitled to the floor, i
but yielded it for the moment to
Mr. I). P. KliNU, who gave notice of the fol-
lowing amendment:
" For the completion ofthe breakwater at Sandy
bay, Massachusetts, *vj0,000."
" For the improvement of the harbor at Lane's
cove, #7,000."
" For the preservation of Lynn harbor and Na-
haut beach, ^20,000."
Mr. E. H. EWJ.NG then took the floor, and
addressed the committee during the hour in favor
of the bill.
His argumfent was addressed chiefly to the ques-
tion of constitutional power. After adverting to
the Constitution of the United States, and to the ob-
jects and purposes for which it had been created,
'he proceeded to remark, that the whole power ofthe
nation had not been expended upon this instrument,
but that there remained with the nation certain in-
herent powers, and that these inherent powers were
to be exercised (for the want of another represent-
ative) by that General Government which it had
itself brought into existence. But in the inves-
tigation of the question before the committee he
was not driven to the necessity of falling back on
any inherent power, for, under the Constitution,
he should be able to derive the power which he
thought necessary for the purpose of-carrying on
a <>-eneral system of internal improvements. On
tins point he took issue with the Baltimore con-
vention. He said that the General Government
had the power to engage ill a general (he did not
say universal) system of internal improvements.
This power it had not as an inherent power in the
nation, but under a distinct declaration in the Con-
stitution. He insisted that a fair construction
should be given to the instrument, such as was
intended by the constituent bsdy; and in that way
we should probably reach the end intended to be
attained. He believed that the Constitution was
sufficient for all purposes for which it Was design-
ed ; he believed that this power to make internal
improvements was contained among its provisions,
and that it was the duty of the national Legisla-
ture to give due force ana effect to them. He did
not agree with many of his friends who had pre-
ceded him as to the portion of the instrument from
which this power was derived, and he should give
the reasons why he differed from them. He took
the ground (and perhaps in doing so lie might
stand alone here) that this power was derived from
that general provision which gave power to Con-
gress to " provide for the common defence and the
general welfare." And he argued this position at
length.
He then adverted to the claims of the Cumber-
land and Tennessee rivers upon the General Gov-
ernment, as proper objects for appropriation by
this bill; and had not concluded nis remarks on
this branch of the subject when the hour expired.
Mr BIGGS obtained the floor, but yielded it
for the moment:
Mr. L. H. SIMS gave notice of the following-
amendment:
Whereas overhanging trees, sunken logs, and
other slight impediments to the navigation of the
Osage river exist, and the Quartermaster General,
in his report of the date of November 17, 1842,
recommends the removal of the obstructions, in
the following words, viz:
"To facilitate the .supply of the posts on the
' southwestern frontier of Missouri, I recommend
' that measures be adopted to remove the obstruc-
1 Hons to the navigation of the Osage river. Viewed
' merely in connexion with the frontier defences,
' few works, on the same scale, are more import-
' ant than this."
Therefore, in remedy whereof,
Skc. —• " He it further enacted, That for the im-
provement of the Osage river from its mouth to a
point ator neai- Fort bcott, m the Indian territory,
there shall be, and hereby is, appropriated the sum
of Iwemy-fivo thousand dollars.''
Mr. liiGGS said, in the course of this debate
gentlemen had divided themselves into three classes
upon the question of the constitutional power of
this Government to construes works of internal
improve inent: those who deny the power altogeth-
er to construct any works of any character; those,
on the other exireuie, who insist, either by the in-
herent powt r wlm-li they say exists in the Gov-
ernment, or by some latitudiuarian construction of
tiie powers specified in the Constitution, that this
Government has the power to construct any and
all kinds of internal improvements; while others
conlinc the powers of tins Government to the spc-
eilied objects, or to those objects absolutely neces-
sary ami proper to carry out specified grants. II is
views weie peculiar; he had gained some reputa-
tion at home by attachment to what was called in
this House a straight-laced construction of the Con-
stitution. He believed it was absolutely necessary
for the prosperity of the country that the powers
of the Government under the Cousiiiution should
be strictly construed. But at the same time, lie
believed that those powers which were expressly
granted should be exercised, lie referred to the
clause of the Constitution conferring the power to
regulate commerce; to thedoctine of inherent power
contended for by Mr. Ewing, of Tennessee; and
to other positions which had been taken; from
none of which he derived any of those powers
which this Government possesses over works of
internal improvement. He occupied neither of the
extremes of the construction of the Constitution,
and believed that some of the objects contemplated
in this hill, this Government has the right to carry
on, as being necessary and proper to carry out ex-
pressly-delegated powers. He deduced the power
to construct some of the works contemplated in
this bill from that clause of the Constitution which
authorized Congress to provide and maintain a
navy. He considered that harbors might be im-
proved for the express purpose of providing and
maintaining a navy—for the security and protec-
tion of that navy. He included the power of im-
proving harbors under this grant of power to pro-
vide and maintain a navy, and as the consequence
and incident of improving harbors was the giving
protection and facility to commerce.
Having concluded his statement of the general
constitutional principles by which he should be
governed, he gave notice of his intention to offer,
when in order, the following amendment:
« For the opening of Roanoke Inlet at or near
Nag's Head, in the State of North Carolina,"
$100,000." .
Mr. B. urged the national importance ana the
practicability of this work, and read extracts from "
reports of engineers showing its necessity. ' •
In conclusion, in reply to the remark of Mr.
Wintiirop, that in " the better days" of the re-
public we had had a more able, magnanimous,
honest administration of our foreign affairs, Mr,
B. alluded to the general and decided tone of ap-
probation which had been manifested throughout
the entire country at the Message of the President
at the commencement of the present session of
Congress, and especially of that portion which re-
lates" to the administration of our foreign affairs,
and he could not perceive the propriety of these
wholesale denunciations of this Administration for
the course it had pursued in the conduct of our
foreign affairs. This, by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, might be considered that " non-
sense. ofthe people" to which he alluded in the early
part of the session.^ I (said Mr, B.) much prefer
that universal public approbation to the opinion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts. In con-
nexion with this subject, he expressed the pro-
found regret, that, in the discussions which had
taken place upon the course of the President, mem-
bers of the same party had thought proper to de-
nounce in advance the action of the Executive in
relation to our foreign affairs. It seemed to him
exceedingly improper. Denunciations of the course
of the Democratic party and of the Democratic
President, were to be expected from the opponents
ofthe Administration; but he insisted upon it that
those who agreed in sentiment with the Adminis-
tration now in power were doing great injustice,
great injury to the great principles they professed,
by forestalling, or attempting to forestall, the action
of'the Executive in relation to our foreign affairs.
Mr. B.'s remarks will hereafter appear in full.
Mr. PERKY obtained the floor, and yielded to
Mr. DARRAGH, who gave notice of his inten-
tion, when in order, to move an amendment to in-
crease the appropriation for the Ohio river above
the fulls at Louisville from S80,000 to $100,000.
Mr. PERRY then obtained the floor. " He did
not rise, he said, with any view to enter into the
general discussion of the subject, but to bring to
the attention of the committee a subject in which
his constituents felt a deep interest. He sent to
the Chair the following amendment, which he gave
notice of his intention to offer, when in order:
"Beit enacted, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to transfer to the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Com-
pany all the stock originally subscribed for on the
part of the United States in the said canal compa-
ny; and also all the stock in said canal company
originally subscribed for by the cities of Wash-
ington, Georgetown, and Alexandria, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and now held by the United
States under and by virtue of the provisions of an
act of Congress, passed, approved, and signed the
20th day of May, 1836, entitled ' An act for the re-
lief of the several corporate cities ofthe District of
Columbia;' said transfers to be made upon the con-
dition that the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Com-
pany cause to be granted to the United States' in
perpetuity the rigKt to the free use of said banal
without charge for the transportation of any troops,
small arms, and camp equipage, &c., which, they
may desire, or at any time have occasion to trans-
port upon it; and also the free use, as aforesaid,
for the transportation of ordnance and ordnance
stores in time of war: And provided, That the said
stock, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
shall be disposed of by said company for the pur-
pose of paying the creditors of said company, and
the said company to exchange and transfer to its
creditors such amounts of said stock as the said
company may deem right and proper in payment
of the debts due any or all the said creditors."
Mr. P. went into a history of the origin, pro-
gress, and present condition of the work, urging
upon the committee the justice of the amendment,
and the importance of its adoption to the interests
of the State of Maryland. Of the constitutional
power to adopt this amendment, he had no doubt,
though there were items in the bill not reached^he
thought, by the Constitution. And he should give
his vote on the items separately, as they might, or
might not, in his opinion, come .within the power
of Congress.
