508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
miles ofthe interior of the country, with a thousand
steamers ready to transport men, arms, and provi-
sions to the south or to the north. If the city of
Pittsburg were alone to be benefited.it ought to
be a sufficient inducement to the Government to
remove this obstruction in the Ohio. The country
above Pittsburg and below feel a deep interest in
this measure. The citizens of Pittsburg pay an-
nually upwards of thirty thousand dollars of tolls
to this canal. Of this they have a right to com-
plain, as well as of the delay which is occasioned
by the insufficiency of the canal to pass their boats
in proper time.
in addition to all these considerations, said Mr.
E., the Ohio river, at the city of Pittsburg, is one
of the most favorable points in the country for
ship-building, particularly for the construction of
iron steamers. There is no point at which the
materials can be had more readily and cheaper: it
is the Birmingham of America, "and will ere long
sinnd among the foremost cities of the Union; and
nt this time, said Mr. 15., it is the first in the manu-
facture of iron.
One word, 3aid Mr. E., as to the objections
which arp made against these improvements. It
is contended that theie is no constitutional power
to do this work. It is too late to argue. this ques-
tion. If any question may be considered as settled,
either by precedent or the sanction ofthe first men
of the nation—men who formed the Constitution,
and who have given their sanction to the power to
expend money for internal improvements—this
certainly is one. The numerous precedents pro-
duced by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton]
ought to have satisfied the most scrupulous as to
the power of Congress to appropiate money for all
improvements necessary for the internal commerce
of the country and for its defence.
Mr. RATHBCTN intended to vote for the hill,
and lie belonged to the party which claimed to be
the Democratic party'—that party which had been
charged with supporting, if they voted for this bill,
a federal measure, the principle of consolidation,
and a measure which is to destroy and annihilate
the rights of the States. He had 110 objection to
gentlemen voting as they thought proper; but he
did object to a gentleman's assigning to him or to
anybody else for differing a little upon constitu-
tional questions, (winch he found was very com-
mon now-a-days,) a place m the opposite party.
This bill had been christened (for some purpose)
a bill for intern.il inipiovemcnts. lie desired to
e.all the attention of the committee to its items, with
one single exception, and to see whether the term
interna! improvements was justly applied to it, or
whether it was with a desire to render it odious to
a portion of this House, and thereby defeat this
hill. With regard to the Louisville and Portland
canal, it did come withm tire category ot internal
improvements; and unless it was stricken out, he
could not vote for the bill. But, this stricken out,
he should vote for it; and he denied that any man
could lav his hand upon any portion of this bill
winch was justly chargeable with the condemna-
tion of internal improvements. Take the harbors
011 our lakes: they were on the very confines of
our territory, facing a foreign country, open to the
uso of that country, open to our intercourse with
foreign nations; and m time of war they are out-
harbors for the protection of our coast, and against
invasion from an enemy's country. So far from
being vvoiks of internal improvements, everyone
of them was as much external and national in its
character as though they were upon the Atlantic
coast. With reference to these great rivers, they
were natural highways, navigable waters not con-
structed by the hand of man; and the bill was not
designed to open any channels of communication
which were not marked out by nature, but for the
removal of obstructions, and the preservation of
great national and natural channels of communica-
tion for the country. Although, in common with
the great Democratic party generally, he was op-
posed to the construction of strictly internal im-
provements, yet he had never learned that it was
the creed of the Democratic party that it was un-
constitutional and.anti-Democratic to improve har-
bors and rivers, to preserve the navigable character
of any great stream useful to the people and' bene-
ficial to the Government.
Mr. R., in view of the fact that time was pre-
cious, and that many gentlemen were wishing to
speak, said he would not consume the time of the
committee during his whole hour, but would con-
tent himself with stating the points of his argument.
He rapidly passed over these points, some of which
are the following: He insisted that these harbors
were all necessary for the use of the navy, and that
it is the duty of Congress to provide for them;
that it was 110 objection to the construction of them
that they may be used for the benefit of commerce;
that they are worth more to the country as a mat-
ter of public defence than fortifications, because
they protect and foster a navy. He insisted that
the preservation of the navigable character of the
Mississippi and the Ohio, ana other rivers included
in the bill, were all great constitutional measures;
that it was the duty of Gongress to preserve that
character for the benefit of strengthening the arm
of public defence 111 time of War; that it was not
wise to wait until we are 111 the midst, of war to
open the navigable streams which furnish a chan-
nel of communication and transportation of troops
und supplies; that it is wise to provide for war m
time of peace, not bv building tt navy, not by
raising a great army, but by preserving and keep-
ing open these channels of communication, by the
construction and pieservation of harbors, and build-
ing light-houses, and providing all the necessary
means and facilities for their support and efficiency.
Let us save the. money we were wasting upon the
na\y and army—for the pay of supernumerary
officers to the amount of half a million annually
upon each*—and lay it out in a wise and prudent
manner in the construction of harbors anil improv-
ing the navigable rivers of the. country, which,
whilst it facilitated commerce, und went to the
preservation of the li\cs and property of the peo-
ple, raised up a provibion for war more efficient
than could in any other way he secured,
Mr. Mi CLEitNAiSil) obtained the floor, but
} ieliled it to
Air. HU I-TINGTON, who gave notice ofthe
following amendment:
" For the improvement of the Allegany river for
steamboat navigation, one hundred thousand dol-
lars."
Mr. JAS. THOMPSON also gave notice oftlic
following amendment:
"That there be appropriated fifty thousand dol-
lars for the improvement ofthe Allegany river be-
tween Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, and Olean, in the
.State of JNcw Voile.''
Mr. McOLKKNAND announced his intention
to speak to the qutstion involved m the bill, but
before doing so adverted briefly to some of the
remarks of Air. Ewin'o, of Pennsylvania, and Mr.
Wikthuop; vindicating the Democratic party from
the charges made by the former, and commenting
011 the observations of the latter 111 relation to
Texas and Oregon.
In the course of his remarks 011 the last-named
subject, 1M1". McC. alluded to the proposition of
arbitration, (in the form of a resolution heretofore
offered by Mr. Wjnthrop,) and spoke of its sim-
ilarity to that subsequently offered by the British
Minister as a remarkable coincidence.
Mr. WINTHROP here rose and inquired
whether the honorable member from Illinois [Mr.
McClkrnavd] intended to impute to him any col-
lusion or understanding with the British Minister?
Mr. McCLERKAND said he did not. "What
he had said was, that the coincidence in the views
of the gentleman with thone of the British Min-
ister was remarkable.
Mr. W1NT) IltOP. Then as the gentleman dis-
claims any offensive imputation, I desire to take
this oppoitunity to set myself right, as this is the
same remark that was made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. O. J. Ingkrsoll] in his speech
at the close of the Oregon debate. 1 desire to say,
in the presence of my God and my country, as rep-
resented by the Representatives of the people here,
that neither at the time I moved the resolution
looking to arbitration, 011 the 19th of December,
nor upon the day—the 3d of January—on which I
made the speech advocating it, had I the slightest
knowledge—the slightest knowledge—the slighest
foundation for a belief that a proposition of arbi-
tration, in any form or under any circumstances,
had been, or was about to be, offered by the Brit-
ish Minister to theGovernmentoftheUnitedStates.
If any gentleman desires any further explanation,
I am here ready to give it.
Mr. McCLERJNAND. I did not base my ob-
servations on any imputation of coalition or com-
bination between the gentleman and the British
Minister on the question of Oregon. I spoke of
the fact, that the gentleman had submitted a series
of resolutions, in which the proposition subse-
quently made by Mr. Pakenham was imbodied, as
a remarkable faet of coincidence. Far be it from
me to impeach the patriotism of any man, unless I
have satisfactory ground for th£ accusation. But
I will say that, whilst the gentleman is so free to
criticise the conduct of those who differ with him
in political opinion, he should be sareful so to
comport himself as not to lay himself open to re-
taliation.
Mr. McC. now directed his remarks immediate-
ly to the bill before the committee. He considered
it as objectionable in several respects; because it
proposed a wasteful outlay of the fpublic money,
and because it was unequal, unjust; and unfair m
its details. He argued that the appropriations
were not measured by justice to particular sections,
nor with a proper regard to the public good.
Mr. BROCKENBR0TJGH denied the constitu-
tionality of this measure notonly, buthedewed its
justice and its expediency in every part and par-
ticular, in principal*and in detail. If the Govern-
ment were to establish such a system of improve-
ments as this great country called for, and to make
it just and equal to all the States, it would result
in a taxation upon our people of one hundred mil-
lions of dollars per annum. He protested against
the inequalities of appropriations under this bill; it
made provision for a few harbors on the northern
lakes, and for a few harbors in the eastern section
of the country, and a small appropriation for the
Mississippi; and all the rest of the country was-
utterly neglected. It was not the amount of the
bill, but the principles involved in it, againstwhieh
he protested. He contended that the rest of the
country, from the lakes to the gulf, was entitled
to the equal consideration of the Government
with the few favored portions provided for under
this bill.
Ho alluded to the argument of Mr. McClel-
land in favor of the appropriations on the lakes
on the ground of necessity, and, yielding to Mr.
McC. for explanation, he proceeded, in reply, to
show that., according to the.gentleman's own facts,
especially with reference to the risk and loss of
life, the necessity was not so pressing as was repre-
sented. From the gentleman's statement, the num-
ber of lives passing over those lakes annually was
925,000, and G5 lives had been lost; the loss being
scarcely l-300th part, of 1 per cent., and the
chances of safety being 3,461 to 1. It was not
equal to the danger by lightning.
But while gentlemen were arguing the appropri-
ations for these harbors on the lakes for the protec-
tion of our navy, why did they not at other points,
and upon other waters, give encouragement to this
great arm of national defence?
Mr. B. entered from this point into a very urgent
appeal in behalf of the navy yard at Pensacola,
on the ground of its national character and impor-
tance, complaining of the neglect of Congress to
provide for it, while upon other points of far infe-
rior-importance, the money of this Government
was lavished. He commented at length upon the
iniquity arid oppression of a system whose opera-
tion involved so much of inequality and injustice,
yielding for explanation to Mr. McClelland and
Mr. Wentworth.
He reverted to the constitutional argument, no-
ticing especially, and replying to, the attempts to
deduce the power for the improvements contem-
plated by this bill from the grants to Congress to
dcclare war and to regulate commerce, and on gen-
eral grounds maintaining the utter unconstitution-
ality of the system.
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS obtained the floor,
and, an opposition to rising manifesting itself 011
the paitof a portion of the few remaining members
of the committee, he proceeded to argue the uncon-
stitutionality of this meusure, and then to examine
several of its items, especially the Louisville and
1 ortldiid canal, and the harbors provided for on
the lakes, and to express his particular opposition
to them. These harbors he considered not to be
harbor of refuge, not designed for purposes of na-
tional defence, for the purposes of our navy, but
tor the promotion of the interests of the particular
points at which they were located.
He touched upon the question of the connexion,
wmch, through the medium of the resolutions of-
the Baltimore convention, it had been attempted to
give to this question, with the Oregon question,
and with the politics of the country, and maintain-
