1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
ed that the freedom of opinion and action of mem-
bers of the Democratic party was not impaired by
those resolutions, nor' were they precluded from
yielding their assent to a fair ana equitable settle-
ment of the Oregon difficulty.
Having concluded—
Mr. WOODWARD, obtained the floor, and
yielded to'a motion "that the committee rise.
The question being taken, the vote stood—ayes
30, jio 50, - No quorum voting.
The committee rose and reported that fact to the
House.
Mr. HERRICK, at ten minutes to six o'clock,
moved that the House adjourn.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered on
this motion, and the Clerk had commenced the call
of the roll, when
Mr. HERRICK, by general consent, was per-
mitted to withdraw his motion, at the request of
Mr. GEO. W. JONES, who, stating that Mr.
WOODWARD was ready to proceed with his re-
marks, suggested that the House, by general con-
sent, again resolve itself into committee.
Mr. ADAMS and others objected, on the ground
that there was not a quorum of members in attend-
ance.
The SPEAKER stated thatit was not in order j
to go into committee, or to proceed to any business
without a quorum.
Mr. T. B. KING moved that the hour of meet-
ing for to-morrow be ten o'clock.
Mr. TIBBATTS said he hoped not. The com-
mittees had to meefat ten o'clock, and the mmi-
mittee on this very bill wished to assemble to-mor-
rot,v morning.
The question being taken, the motion was dis-
agreed to.
A call of the House was moved and refused—
ayes 31, noes 55. No quorum still,
Mr. BOWLIN moved a call of Uic House.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
ayes 39, noes 39. A tie.
The SPEAKRR voted in the affirmative,making i
the vote—ayes 40, noes 39. j
So a call of the House wns ordered. j
Mr. A SUM (IN moved that the 1 lou e mljouru. i
Negatived—ayes 40, noes 'lit. No quorum.'
The Clerk called the roll, and then ihi" list of!
absentees; and 91) members were found to be in :
attendance. j
Mr. S. ADAMS moved that the House adjourn. ]
Negatived—ayes 34, noes 59. I
Ihe doors were then closed, and cxcusos were |
offered. j
•This having been gone through with— \
The SPEAKER slntcd it would remain for the
House to take further order of proceedings.
Mr. HUJNGERFORD moved that the House !
adjourn. Negatived—ayes Sf>, noes *12. :
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved that tl - I:
Speaker be authorised to direct the Sor^'cant-al- I;
Arms to bring in those members who were ab- jj
sent. ,1
Mr. DROMGOOLE suggested to the gentleman ;]
so to modify his motion as to issue the order only j
with reference, to those, gentlemen who wete in the | j
city. lie should dislike to have, him go to door- i|
gia or to Massachusetts to hum up members, :i
The motion of Mr. Thump son was agieed to j
without a modification. '!
Thus the Sfrgeunt-ut-Arms was orile.red to arrest ; I
and bring before the House the absent members.
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the House adjourn, 'j
Negatived. :j
Mr. POLLOCK moved that all further pureed- II
ing m the call be dispensed with. Negatived. ^
Mr. HOPKINS renewed the motion to adjourn: ;i
negatived—ayes 33, noes 36. j
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired if it wax in or- !'
del', while the Sergeaui-at-Arms had gone out to |
bring in members, to make a speech upon the liar- :
bor and river bill ? 1'
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the >•
vote ordering the Sergeant-at-Arms to arrest ab- .1
sent members, stating that it would entail an en- ;j
tirely useless expenditure upon the contingent;!
fund of the House. 11
After some conversation, !'
The question was token and decided in the neg- ;j
ative. ., . , 'i
So the House refused to reconsider its order. jj
Mi. WINTHROP moved that all further pro- ;|
eeedings in the call be suspended: negatived—ayes .1
34, noes 38. ''
Mr. DOCKERY moved that the House ad-
journ.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being ta-
ken, were yeas 35, nays 48.
So the House refused to adjourn.
There was a long pause; and
Mr. THOMAS SMITH moved that all further
proceedings in the call be dispensed with.
By ayes 33, noes 40, the motion was rejected.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH moved that the House
adjourn.
By ayes 33, noes 41, the motion was rejected.
So the House again refused to adjourn.
Another pause followed.
Mr. G, W. JONES inquired if it would be in
order to move to discharge the committee from the
further consideration of the bill?
The SPEAKER [Mr. Hopkins pro lem.] de-
cided not, because there was no quorum present,
Mr. POLLOCK moved thai further proceedings
on the call be dispensed with; which motion, by
ayes ^31 noes 43, was rejected.
Another pause, interspersed with some jocular
conversation, followed.
A motion was made (on the right of the Chair,)
that the House adjourn; which motion, by ayes
! 23, noes 41i, was rejected.
' Another pause followed.
Mr. j.McHIJN 11V (by way of variety, he said)
asked leave to give notice of an amendment he
proposed to oiler to the rules.
'1 he Sl'EAlvElv said thai, in the present condi-
tion of the House, it was not in order to ytve such
; a notice.
| ltut, by unanimous roiii-ent, the proposed amend-
ment was rend as follows:
" When a lull or resolution (--hall be committed
to the I'tuimiiuee of the Whole, and the commit-
tee shall amend the sume, anil, after having so
amended u, shall adopt a substitute, for the bill or
resolution, the whole of the amendments shall be
reported to the lluuse, and the House shall, either
with or without the previous question, vole upon
j the amendments in the order in whuh they are
; proposed, so that, ill voting, the final question upon
I the amendments proposed shall be between the!
' original bill or resolution with the anivtidments
I I'uimuned in by the House, and the substitute pio-
| posed by the romnlittec."
| Another pause followed.
| Mr. W ENT W ORTH inquired of the Speak -
• er, whether it would bo in order to send some doc-
j umeut to the Clerk's table to be read? He thought
1 the Clerk might read something that would bo use-
! fill to the members.
j Several suggestions were made in various quar-
i lers, as—
: Read some of Wrntivorth's speeches."
> " Head the Journal of the last Congress."
| " I'- nd CU'iieral Jackson's veto on the Mays-
ville road bill."
i Nothing, however, was read;
And a pause longer than the others followed.
The Sergcani-at-Arms not having returned,
Mr. UUoVER moved that the Doorkeeper
be sent after him, to inquire why he had not re-
turned.
Constitutional scruples were suggested.
The motion was not entcrtiuneil.
A motion was made thut the House adjourn.
The KPKAIyHK said the motion was not in or-
der, because there had been no intervening motion
since the previous motion to adjourn had been
made.
Mr, S. ADAMS moved that all further proceed-
ings m the call be dispensed with: rejected.
Mr. HOUUH moved that the House adjourn;
winch motion, by yeas 25, nays 38, was rejected.
Mr. DROA1UOOLK inquired of the Speaker,
whether it would be in order to move that mem-
bers, upon whom no process had been served, but
who had attended so soon as they heard the House
was in session, be admitted into die Hall?
The Sl'EAKER said the matter was within the
junsdii'tiun of a majority of those present.
Air. DROMGOOLE accordingly submitted such
a motion.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON suggested that they
should be admitted, so as to render oxeuses for
their non-atti ndauee.
Mr. J ACO B THOMPSON submitted an amend-
ment to that effect.
Mr. PRESTON KING inquired of the Speak-
er, whether there was anythmg in the rule to meet
the cases of members who had answered to their
names, and had since left the Hall ?
The SPEAKER said there was nothing in the
rules to meet those cases.
Mr. ASHMRN. remarking that it was perfect-
ly evident that the whole proceeding would end in
a farce, moved that all further proceedings on the
call be dispensed with.
The motion, by yeas 24, nays 40, was rejected.
So the House remsed to suspend proceedings.
Mr. HERRICK moved that the House adjourn,
and asked the yeas and nays; which were refused,
and the motion was rejected.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred, and was taken on the
amendment of Mr. Jacob Thompson to the mo-
tion of Mr. Dromgoole; and it was agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Dromgoole, as amended,
Mr. G. W. JONES moved that it be laid on
the table.
Mr. COBB inquired if the motion, should it pre-
vail, would carry with it the proceedings on the
; call?
i [Several voices—" To be sureand " The har-
bor bill too."]
j The SPEAKER said he thought not.
j The question was then taken, and the motion,
; as amended, was laid on the table.
; And there was another pause.
| Mr. TIBBATTS, satisfied, he said, that this
1 proceeding would result in nothing, and would
render the. House ridiculous before the country,
moved that the House do now adjourn.
The yeas anil nays were, nsked and ordered;
and, being taken, were—yeas 34, nays 52.
: So the House refused to adjourn.
; After some conversation between Messrs.
: WOODWARD, Mr. THOS. B. KING, and the
SPUAKEU,
I Mr. "WOODWARD said he regretted very
j much what had taken place since he had risen and*
obtained the lloor to address the committee. He
had no idea that such a scene as had been wit-
nessed would have arisen, or he would not have
gneii way for a motion that the committee rise.
He had stepped to another seat to get his notes
and papers, and in the meantime the committee
had risen for want of a quorum. This he regret-
ted, as he was then and was now willing to go on
and make his speech; and he suggested that it
were better now to stop the call, and for the House
to go back into committee, and let him say what
he had to say on the subject of the bill, even with-
out the presence of a full quorum, than to be pros-
ecuting this bootless proceeding, out of which no
good was likely to arise.
The Sergeaut-at-Arms, at twenty-five minutes to
9 o'clock, reported certain members present under
the order of the House.
After some conversation,
Mr. POLLOCK moved that all further proceed-
ings on the call be dispensed with, which motion
was rejected.
A motion was made that the House adjourn: re-
jected.
The first member on the list of those reported by
the Scrgeant-at-Arms, was Mr. Hahalsom,
Whom the SPEAKER [pro /em.] addressed as
follows:
Hugh A. Ha.rai.sok: You have been absent
from this House without its leave, and contrary to
its order. If you have any excuse to offer, you
will now be heard.
[The conclusion of this declaration was greeted
with shouts of laughter.]
The SPEAKER: If the order of this House is
not preserved, the Speaker will be constrained to
call members to older by their names,
Mr. HARALSON was understood to say—Mr.
Speaker : A friend of mine (I refer to one of the
Senators from the State of Georgia) has had a sick
child for the last week—lying, indeed, at the very
point of death. He has become very much ex-
hausted from his attendance upon it. I left the
House about the usual hour, expecting that an ad-
journment would take place at the ordinary time.
Knowing that the hour fur the termination of the
debate was fixed for to-morrow, and suspecting'
that there might be a call of the House, I requested
a gentleman, (who it seems was absent,) in that
event to make my apology to tire House, and to
say that I felt it to be my duty to relieve my friend
m his attendance on his sick child. This is' my
