1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
After some remarks upon the bill submitted bv
Senators BAGBY and, SPEIGHT,
Mr. WILES called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. YULEE said that he was favorable to the
entire cession of the public lands to the respective
States within which they are; and he could, there-
fore, have no-objection to a grant of any lesser por-
tions of them to'the States from time to time; but
he was disinclined to special legislation in all cases
in which it %as avoidable. If the Senate is dis-
pose4to take favorable action upon measures or
the description under consideration, let it be by an
act which shall have uniformity and universality
in its operation, and which shall proceed upon
some'system. Let there be a bill passed giving to
each of the States the alternate sections within a '
space of five miles on each side of any lailroad or !
canal which it may construct at any tune hereafter, I
or which may be now in progress. 1-1 c was dis-
posed to be liberal to the utmost towards the now
States—he was from a now State himself. He
wished, also, to know upon what principles these
bills rested. He desired to settle down upon the
exact constitutional basis for this legislation before
lie voted, lest he might find himself entrapped into
the support of measures hereafter to which Ik;
might have scruples. The very persuasive char-
acter of this class of bills to a member from a new
State, as he was, rendered it necessary for him u> he
more strict in trying its propriety. Now, what is
the principle upon which the bills of this class stand?
Is it simply of liberality to the States ? Then ex-
tend a uniform liberality to each by a general lull.
Is it that, as a landholder, the Government is ben-
efited by the proposed improvement to the extent
of the proposed contribution? Then let us see
that each case is capable of resting upon this prin-
ciple, Now, what is the fact, in reference, to one of
those bills—the Illinois bill? The quantity grant-
ed appears by the report to be several hundred p  ,->
thousand acres more than all the public land now J ' would quairel with no man who would nlhrm
unsold within the space of five miles on each side || 1U"' }'•''> "peaking for inysell, 1 should be^
of the projected improvement. 1 wish to know if j! ashamed to say that 1 had seen any exhibition of
the case, ts the same in regard to the bill morn im- !• Miiality in tin* rc< eni, correspondcuee ol the
mediately before the Moiiiite, lie had addressed ji Biitifh I'lniipoti niuuj. And then the 'ympo
an inquiry to the- General Land Olliee with tins j! " nee." ol Ureal l.ritam I 1 Imt is a suhjeet Jor
\iew, to which he was promised u reply as soon j the speculations of political philosophers, who
as it can be prepared, lie would therefore prefer ii  '"y  « extended empire sown broadcast
to be obliged by a postponement of the matter until |j  !'« seeds of her future, perhaps her speedy dtsso-
hc obtained the desired information, lie was in- i! I""'1"- ' ™' d"™ ""«• coucera us now m the
dined to vote for it. Indeed, he might nay he was j; discussion of tins question' We know, unless
anxious to do so. He must confess that the re- ii wt; «« eyes to the evidence of facts before
ports in these cases, especially that of the gentle- i} ilN< that Great Britain is at this moment in the
man from Illinois, had impressed him favorably; i fulness of her strength, competent to inflict a blow
and he hoped the matter might not be pressed to a I win. I. it would require nil our energy to repel,
vote now, as he desired to have all the light, in his ! That, with a view to this question, is all that con-
power before he cast his vote. j <'<''  « "« to know. But, forsooth, we can rush
Before anv question was taken, I! this war because we are prepared, or can be
Mr. BENTON moved that 5,000 additional ;j instantly prepared to win the triumphs that await
copies of the report of the special committee of |j ! « '. I «">  not one to dcpreciato the capacity
the Senate, appointed to investigate the ehar ea of jj «'<  >y countrymen m peace or m war. But if we
corruption made by the " Doily Times," be print- !j t« '"reed into this conflict, I pray gentle-
ed for the use of the Senate; which was agreed jj ' «> "ot <■<> lt trusting to the impotence
^ !' Britain, unless ms should prove our capa-
Va message in writing was received from the ;i city rather to endure tlian to inflict a blow. I hope
President of the United States.] l! W<1 slla" no' raly "P0I> "ur own, nmS5,c P0WCT «
Mr. JOHNSON or Louisiana moved that tho l| extract sunbeams out of cucumbers; or, what is
Senate resume tho consideration of tho spcei.il or- |! utmost equivalent to that, to convert packet-ships
ted States in asking from Congress an authority
to give the notice which this resolution proposes
to give, is distinctly announced in his Message,
and is with a view to the assertion, peaceably or
forcibly, as the occasion may require, of our title
to the whole of what has been called in this de-
bate the territory of Oregon. To my mind, this
presents a very grave question. It is a question
involving the highest interests of twenty millions of
people, which, so far as our constitutional powers
and duties extend, are committed to our guardian-
ship. It may disturb the peace of the world. Now,
upon such a question, all mere declamation must
be out of place. Excited appeals to our sense of
national honor and to our patriotism; denuncia-
tions, with a view* to inflame the passions, of the
arrogance and importance of Great Britain; arid in-
flammatory representations of our own prowess,
with the view to urge us into a contest, seem to me
not appropriate to the question or the occasion. Ii
is vain to attempt to influence the judgment of any
man who has mind enough to exercise 1ns own
judgment, and "nei've"eiiougb to do its bidding, by
appeals of this description. Who so insensible to
the culls of his own honor who docs not agree,
mid agreeing rcgrot, that it may somitimes lie ne-
cessary to vimbeate tho honor of the nation on
tho battle-field ' And who does not know, and
knowing rtjoiee, that a bloody hand is not the
only symbol of national honor? And loud ap-
peals we have hud about " pulriotism" in the dis-
cussion of this question before I he Senate of the
Tinned .States! Why, truly, patriotism is a vir-
tue which it becomes freemen espceially to cher-
ish; but wluit Amerienn .St nator, what Auieiiean
eiti'/.en requm s to he reminded of" his duty in that
respect ? And the u arrogance of tbeat Britain"
to excite our feelings when our judgments are
called into exercise! Well, it may he that arro-
gance is elmracteristic of the Aie:lo-S;i\o:i race.
TUB ISOTK'F..'
into men-of-war. Now, sir, these considerations
set m to mo to he all out of place in the discussion
of a grave question of this sort. If the President
of the United States desired to consult the Sen-
ate. upon a question affecting, in a large degree,
all its great interests, he had before him the ex-
ample of the most illustrious of all his prede-
cessors pointing out the mode in which he
__ ^ , might have presented that subject to us, and sub-
away; and a brightening horizon pjec.ted it to a Iroc and unfettered discussion. I
distinctly to our view the objects "jam not going into the investigation of any consti-
' tutional principles. The President has chosen to
pursue a different course. The foreign relations
t of the. country are thus subjected to public discus-
1 sion. I acquicsce in that which is acquiesced in
' by others. 1 entertain no vain hope, under the
j exciting questions which are presented to us—
I while we arc, as gendemeil tell us, fulfilling our
! destiny, and extending the area of freedom'—that
i the various departments of this Government can
I be confined within the limits which the Constitu-
tion has assigned to them; that in its practical
dor; which was agreed to
SPECIAL ORDER-
The Senate then proceeded to tho consideration
of the special order, " the notice,"&c.
Mr. BERRIEN addressed the .Senate. He said;
I am glad that it has fallen to my lot to participate
in this discussion at a moment when the cloud
which seemed to be lowering over its commence
ment is passing away; and a brightening hori
discloses more distinctly to our view the obj
around us. Time, reflection, and intervening
events have given us a more accurate view of our
position—I trust a cleaver conception of our duty.
1 avail myself of tho occasion to state as briefly as
I may the impression which this subject has made
upon my mind. Sir, the resolution which is pre-
sented to the consideration of the Senate professes
to be responsive to a call made by the President of
the United States. Its purpose is to answer and to
give effect to the recommendations which the Pres-
ident has made on the subject to which it relates.
The mture and character of the resolution, there- j' operations it will realize in this regard the hopes
fore are to be determined by looking at the cause si of its friends. No, sir. The signs of the times
io wh eh it eives practical operation and effect. too clearly indicate to us that the chocks and bid-
Now, sir, the purpose of the President of the Urn- j, ances which the makers of our Constitution ;; declaration that this resolution would
thought they had created must yield to an exter-
nal impulse, falsely denominated the will of the
American people; and that, while we have a Gov-
ernment admirably balanced in the paper muni-
ment of our title to the liberties we enjoy, we are,
in fact, in the fulfilment of our destiny, to have a
Government of popular impulses, excited by po-
litical leaders—an irresponsible oligarchy, ofwhich
the seat and centre is to be the Congress of the
United States—the principles and the practice of
which are not to be sought in the Constitution of
the United States, but are to be successively an-
nounced to us under the edicts of party conventi-
cles. And already, sir, heie in the Sen ate-of the
United States, we have had our first lesson, in the
resolutions of the Baltimore convention formally
recited in this chamber, and urged upon us as a
rule of conduct for the President of the United
States, and a majority of the Senate. I can only
say, upon sue.h a subject, that 1 rejoice that I am
enabled to adopt as my motto—nan ho:c rn fadcra!
—acknowledging no obligation which binds me to
the assertion or to the maintenance of any meas-
ure which does not correspond with my own
judgment as to the interests of the* country of
which 1 am a citizen, and the constituents whom
I have m part the honor to represent. I hold my-
self free to enter into the discussion of this ques-
tion, absolved from any other obligation beyond
what I owe to God and the Constitution of my
country. Sir, the American people, since the
commencement of the present session of Congress,
have been startled by the intelligence that they are
on the eve of war. In the excited debates which
have taken place hole and elsewhere, they have
seen grounds tor that apprehension; and now if
it is momentarily relieved, they look to you, sir,
they look to this chamber, for that final and de-
cisive relief which will put an end to their ap-
prehension. They expect from us not declama-
tion—riot inflammatory appeals. They expect
Irom us a cahn, dispassionate consideration of
t li its subje.-t, and such a deliberate judgment as that
eouMueiano.i would lead us to form. The chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations [Mr.
Ai.i.hk] tells us that the season for this is past;
that the time for action has arrived; that we stand
conmiited to assert our right to the whole of Oregon,
peaceably or forcibly, as the occasion may require.
And, speaking of the resolution,he says: "Iknow
this body, and I know that this resolution will-
pass, and pass easily. 1 care not what speeches
may be made against it, it will pass.?' 'Well,
where, sir, is it that such- a declaration is made ?
Is this the Senate of the United States ?—or is it the
old Parliament of Paris revived? Have we really
entered upon the formal consideration of a ques-
tion vitally affecting all our great interests ?—nave
we entered upon the consideration of such a ques-
tion with a foregone conclusion ? And is the hum-
ble office which the Senate of the United States has
i to perform, not to advise, not to deliberate, not to
| decide—but to register aPrcsidential edict? Isthat
the office which is allotted to us ? Sir, the honora-
ble Senator deceives himself. The minor questions
of party may thus be arranged; and even in that
case not always is the attempt successful. But this
is not a party question. The resolution submitted
by the honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden,] the calm and practical argument of
the Senator from Delaware [Mr. J. M, Clayton]
at an early stage of the debate, the position occu-
pied by various Senators on the other side of this
chamber, all of them assure us—all these consider-
ations assure us that the motives by which Sena-
tors are actuated on this occasion have their origin
in a region far purer than that in which the mere
| partisan dwells.
i Mr, ALLEN. In the speech which I had the
I honor to deliver in the course of-this discussion, I
' believe there was not one solitary word which had
the design or effect of making this a party question
—not one solitary syllable; and if that speech has
] received such a direction, it has not been by my
| hand. In making the declaration that the resolu-
tion would pass, I had no reference whatever to
the predominance of the one or the other party in
this Senate. I spoke from my conviction of what
would be the conviction of the Senate when the
whole case was laid before its members.
Mr. BERRIEN. I receive with great pleasure
the explanation of the honorable Senator from
j Ohio. If I have been misled, it has been by the
CtGClfU'O-tlOll f.llftt. llllS r/ «!rilnfinn nrrtiil/1 1X0
