51(3
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
Mr. DIIOMGOOLE. My object is to make a
distinction between those members who we re wait-
ins, fit the-door, tiiid h<.id voluntarily airived, ami
those who came under proccss served by the Ser-
geant-at-Arms; so that he may not get pay for
those who were, wnitmg here ready to enter when
the doors were opened.
Mr. G-. S. 110UST0N. So far as the Journal
"•oes, it seems to me that there can be no difference
between those members who were standing at the
door ami those whom the Serjeant-at-Arms brought
in. If the gentleman did not desire that these iees
should be paid out of the contingent fund, he
should have thought of it last night.
and addressed" the committee during the hour. Af-
ter disclaiming any unfriendly feeling towards the
West, and expressing the disposition that he frit
to gratify his western friends in anything which
was consistent with his sense of duty, he proceeded
to speak of the bill before the House. It would
have been most grateful feelings, lie said,
if he eonld have regarded it with reference to the
question of expediency, but ho had strong reasons
for looking miner to the question of power. He
thought the House ought to be encouraged to look
at that question. In some respects it was at this
time a question de noi*o. He considered the bill as
operating to revive an exploded and abandoned sys-
Mr. TIBBATTS moved that the House resolve ]! tem; abandoned not only for its inexpediency and
• ■ . 1 A ' . t „ /""* ^ + S* #-* +]\rt I aIa AV\ ♦ 1 ^ est l-i I rii ' >♦*■« tV^ .^.11 !,♦ K))t fnv tKrt 1*11* O.fttlStlfll""
itself into Committee of the Whole on the stale of
the Union.
Mr. ATKINSON. Mr. Speaker, I wish the
Journal to be corrected. It speaks falsely.
Mr. TIBBATTS (scarcely heard from the deep
recesses of his abode on the "right of the Speaker)
was undcistood to suggest that these eoirections
could be made after the question before the House
had been disposed of.
Mr. ATKINSON. The eorrei tion will not take
a moment.
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged question.
The gentleman will proceed.
its manifest injustice, but for the want of conslitu
tiomil authority ill this body. And lie trusted tnat
his friends would make battle and fight this ques-
tion of power onec more, although he admitted
it was a question on which little could be said that
was interesting to the taste or to the imaginations
of gentlemen.
Dry as this constitutional question was, how-
ever, he should discuss it upon the broadest prin-
ciples of common sense, and endeavor to put it in
such a shape as, he believed, the most illiterate man
could not misapprehend. Mr. W., objecting first,
to this bill, that whether regarded in reference to
Mr. ATKINSON". I suppose that 110 gentle- jj the question of constitutional power or qt expe-
man desires that anything should appear 011 the h iliency, it was not systematic, and remarking that
Journal which is not true, or wishes to prevent me i| (his alone presented an insuperable objection to it,
from making the correction. The Journal shows ! proceeded to examine and analyze the various pro-
that I was in the cusiody of the Seigeant-at-Anns. h visions of the Constitution under whicSi the power
i
Now, 1 did not see the Soigeant-nt-Arms at all
yesterday.
The entry 011 flic Journal was read.
j\lr. ATKINSON. 1 aver that 1 was not out of
my house after sunset: the record is not true.
"The SPEAKER. The Journal will be correct-
ed accordingly.
Mr. TILDEN. I also wish a correction made
as regards myself. The Scigeunl-at-Arnis had 11
right to take cognizance of my being present,
was not present under his authority. _
Mr O. S. HOUSTON. Since "the Journal is
being corrected, I wish it way be.corrected 111 rda-
tion to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. I!ruNici:n- ji
itorF,] who sits 111 front of me, and who is not at j|
this moment in Ins scat. I know that he came jj
into the Hall last night, and asked me what, comse I
he should puisue. He said lhat he was out o! i|
the Hall; but that he had got in without, the j
knowledge, of the, Ser^eant-at-Arni^; yt he is 1 e- !
uoited amoti^ thos'' hiought np by that ouiecr |
I wish to put an inquiry to the Speaker: Has it
ever been decided by the House, or by the Speak- 1
e,r, that an .idiom unit nt of the [louse, after arrests I
made on a call of the Mouse, discharges niembeis
arristcd' \
The KPEAK ER. The Chair so decides. All
the piccedi.nts have sis decided.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON. Docs the Chair find
that the effort has ever been made ?
The SPEAKER (doubtfully heard) was under-
stood to say: The universal practice of the House
had been in accordance with the decision he had
mane.
Mr. TILDEN. I move that the Journal be cor-
rected as regards myself.
The SPEAKER said, the Journal would be cor-
rected accordingly.
Mr. SCHENCK was understood to say that his
name appeared on the list of those brought into the
House by the Sergeant-atArms. Such was not
the fact. He had not seen that officer, and had
come to the House without warning or summons.
After a brief conversation between Mr. S. and
the SPEAKER, leading to no action,
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing Executive communication:
A letter from the Secretary of "VVar, transmit-
ting, in answer to a resolution of the House of the
17th nit., reports of surveys of the Tennessee river;
which letter and reports were laid on the table.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
The question on the motion of Mr. Titsbatts
having been taken, and decided in the affimative,
the i louse resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Thomas
Smith, of Indiana, in the chair,) and resumed tin
claimed, and to show that it was not legiti-
mately cmbiaeed in any of them.
Devoting the greater portion of his time to Ibis
branch of the argument, Mr. W. adverted briefly,
towards its i lose, to the question of expediency.
Tlieie v.as eunuch known to satisfy the House
that iiou c\er unquestionable the power itself might
be, it ought not to be exercised. The nraetieal
operation of the principle would he in a short time
to convert this body 111(0 a rendezvous of dema-
gogues coming here actuated by no higher motives
than to cany out Ihc local and selfish views of the
constituency whom they themselves had misled
and corrupted. The power in itself was glaringly
unjust. Why concede 10 a greal river what was
denied to a small one ? Why should men claim to
be the pels of power, because they had been the
favorites of nature !
Mr. W. was cut off before he, had concluded this
branch of his argument.
Mr. BOWL IN obtained the floor, and yielded to
Mr. (J ROY P. it, who gave notice of an amend-
| inent to approo'iate, for a sun ey of the Alleghany
1 viver between Olcan and Pi:e-bur.r, $10,000.
i And to Mr. DK MOTT, who gave notice of the
following': For the improvement of the harbor at
! PuUenavville, on Lake Ontario, $10,000.
Mr. BOWLTN, assigning as one great, reason
for his addressing the committee the attacks which
had been made upon the, appropriation for the har-
bor of St. Louis, and promising to be brief in his
remarks, to accommodate the many gentlemen
who were desirous of speaking, proceeded to ad-
dress the committee, taking up the argument (as
he said) at the point where the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Woodward] had left it. The
.o-cntleman had talked about the CE public plunder
m relation to the Mississippi river, and of which
the West was the recipient. TTc indignantly re-
pudiated such an idea, and dwelt upon the man-
ner m which the West, from its first settlement,
had ever been made the subject of most oppressive
" public plunder,1' fot the benefit and enriching of
the East. A thing unparalleled m the, history of
any Government under the canopy of high Ueaven:
their people had been required to drain their own
resources in payment for the, lands 011 which they
settled—the revenue going into the treasury, to be
expended on other portions of the country; and
they had contributed one-half of the twenty million
dollars paid into the treasury, not one cent of which
they would receive in return, unless this bill weie
passed. He told gentlemen that this state of things
could not long exist; the energies of any people
[ could not long stand up under such a system.
I This House was not the hest^ place to learn a
1 great reverence for the Constitution. Those gen-
„   tlemen who prided themselves upon being straight-
consideration of the bill making appropriations for j! jacketed in their construction were found, on some
larbors and rivers. I| occasions, to strain that instrument as far as other
the improvement of certain harb„.„   ,
Mr. WOODWARD was entitled to the floor,
gentlemen, lie referred to tne grants of pensions,
fishing bounties, the appropriations for light-houses,
for the coast survey—the salaries wasted uP°n
which, he said, would draw all the snags from'tne
Mississippi river—and for other purposes which ~
weie equally inconsistent with the strictness of con-
struction professed by gentlemen, as the clearing
out of snags and removal of obstacles to the mighty
commerce of the West.
He took this ground—and he held it was the
only true ground—either that the position he occu-
pied was correct, or that of the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Rhf.tt,] who would fetter
down the Government by so stnet a construction
of the Constitution as to make it an entirely im-
practicable machine.
[Mr. RutTT explained.]
They owed the protection of the West to the
first western President we ever had—to Genera!
Jackson. He took the middle ground on this sub-
ject. He [General J.] did not pretend to say that
rivers and harbors could not be the subject of im-
provement; hut he laid down that they must be
national, in contradistinction to local; that they
must be general, in contradistinction to piivate, m
their character; and he acted upon that distinction,
and signed bills for improvements of this character.
Touching upon many other points, he came to
the proposed appropriation for the harbor at St.
Louis of $75,000, in exposition of the object of
which, in reply to the remarks of Mr. Jones, ot
Tennessee, and of Mr. McCx-ernand, [to whom
he gave way for explanation,] he stated that the
ancient channel of the, Mississippi was on the St.
Louis side; but by the abrasion on the opposite
bank, wluch was of an alluvial soil, the nvei had
spread out some half mile beyond its natural
breadtli, so as to be rendered everywhere shallow;
but the deep water still was on the St. Louis side.
The appropriation, then, was for the removal of
obstacles to the navigation of the Mississippi river
at that point; and it was to preserve it in its ancient
channel in the channel which it, had ever occupied
since the white man first visited it—and not to
make a channel against the laws of nature and of
God, as had been alleged by gentlemen.
Some conversation arose between Mr. J.vJVv -
LIN and Mr. McCLERNAND as to the relative
depth of the river upon the Missouri and the Illi-
nois sides, and to the state of the river at St.
Louis. . '. .
Mr P>. enforced with great earnestness the claims
of the Mississippi in view of its vast commerce,
and the great number of lives passing over it an-
nually, as a national work, and one in an eminent
degree entitled to reccive some small shaxe of the
appropriations so long withheld—a partiality un-
worthy of the Government, lavished upon other
sections of the country.
Mr. TIBBATTS said he should not have con-
tended for the floor amid this press of competitors,
had it not been for the fact that he had had the
honor to report this bill by order of the Commit-
tee on Commerce. He noticed first, and replied
to, the terms of strong condemnation in which this
hill had been characterized by Mr. Payne; and
then passed to the merits of the bill. And in the
outset he repudiated and scorned-all selfish consid-
erations in the course which he had taken upon
this bill. Not one dollar of the appropriations in-
cluded under it was to be expended within the
district which he had the honor to represent. It
was true, ho had taken a special interest in the
Louisville and Portland canal, but he did not re-
side within one hundred and fifty miles of that
canal. Mr. T. devoted but a few words to the
advocacy of this item, yielding for explanation to
Mr. Payne, and stating that lie had a bill upon the
calendar devoted especially to this work, which he
should endeavor to bring to the consideration of
the, House at the earliest practicable period.
They might forgive southern gentlemen for op-
position to western appropriations, because (in the
language of the Scriptures) they know not what
they do. They were not acquainted with the ex-
tent and value of the commerce of the "West; but
he was astonished at the course a western member
[Mr. McCi.eu.nand] had yesterday taken in oppo-
[ sition to it.
Some explanations took place between Mr.
■ TIBBATTS and Mr. McCLERNAND as to the
position occupied by the latter gentleman on this
subject, the doctrines of the Democratic party of
the State of Illinois upon it, and Mr. McC.'s con-
sistency therewith, &c.
