1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
Mr. T. then proceeded, at some length to an ar-
gument in favor of the constitutional power of
Congress over the improvements contemplated by
this bill; referring also, in support thereof, to the
precedents of the uniform action of the Democrat-
ic party from the foundation of the Government,
and to the opinions and approval of every Presi- j
dent electe4 by the 'Democratic party from Gen-
eral Washington to Mr. Polk, reading especially
and commenting upon extracts from the Messages
of Presidents Monroe and Jackson. He read from
the list of appropriations made during the succes-
sive years of the Administrations of General Jack-
son and Mr. Van Buren, and declared the fact that
there was not a single river contained in this bill
for which appropriations had not been made du-
ring every year of General Jackson's Administra-
tion, and every year of Mr. Van Buren's, so long
as there was any money in the treasury, signed
and approved by both of these Democratic Pres-
idents; still gentlemen had attempted to invoke
their high authorities in support of their plea that j
these works were unconstitutional.
Mr. T. then vindicated these woiks from the
charge of being sectional in their character, and
showed their vast importance as being tho chan-
nels of commerce for tho western valley, which
commerce now equalled twice the amount of all
our foreign commerce.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Rhett] had said that tho South asked for nothing.
They certainly then had no right to complain. But
the gentleman knew that the commitice had no
right to report upon appropriations not rofeired to
them. If the South sent impracticable men here,
who would not send their matters to the commit-
tees, tho only remedy was to send practicable men.
The gentleman talked about following the Consti-
tution to the grave. The constitution lie spoke of
was but the creation of his own brain. Such a
sickety, nerveless, imbecile thing—the sooner it
went to the grave the bettor; mid the less pomp,
and circumstance, and show of grief they made
over it, the better would they consult the honor ot
its parentage. Mr. T. having concluded,
Mr. COCKE obtained the floor, anil yielded, at
the request of Mr. G. 8. HOUSTON, who, in ref-
erence to the declaration of Mr. Tibuatts that the
South had asked for nothing, inquired of the gen-
tleman if tho Tennessee river was not before that j
committee, and presented to them by resolutions '
previous to the reporting of tho bill.
Mr. TIBBATTS replied that the gentleman mis-
interpreted entirely what he said. He said that the
gentleman from South Carolina had (mid that the
South asked for nothing. The Tennessee river
was presented to that committee, but. no jrifoimu-
tton was presented to them in relation to it. _ He,
did not blame the gentleman from Tennessee for it,
because the information was not obtained from the
Executive Department until tins morning. An-
other reason why they had not included it was,
that it travelled one step beyond theseojje that the
committee had marked out for itself. The v had
appropriated only for the Hudson and the Missis-
sippi and its main branches.
After some further conversation,
Mr. COCKE resumed the floor. He declined
to discuss the constitutional question, but would go
so far as to say that he believed the General Gov-
ernment had power to make works of internal im-
provement, so far as these works were of general
or national interest; but that it had not the power
to make internal improvements on rivers or har-
bors or anywhere else, in cases where the works
were'of a puiely local character. To this extent
' he believed that the question of constitutional power j
had been clearly settled by the history of the. Gov- j
eminent, and by the policy of every Admmistra- .
tion, from its foundation to this time. j
Mr. C. devoted his hour almost exclusively to ,
' the claims winch the amendment of his colleague, j
[Mr. Crozieu,] for the improvement and continu-
ation of the canal round the Muscle Shoals, in the
Tennessee river, and for removing obstructions in
that river, had upon the consideration of Congress,
by reason of its national importance, and of the
diffusive benefits held out by it to the Union, and
especially to the whole westein countiy 
But a few moments remained of the time allotted
to debate. ,
Mr. D. P. KING brought to the attention of the
committee the amendment of which he had given
notice, and said a word or two in its support.
Messrs. E. B. HOLMES, BELL, SYKES, and
ROBERTS, respectively gave notice of amend-
ments they intended to offer.
Mr. CLARKE said he had desired, had he been
successful in obtaining the floor at an earlier peri-
od, to have given his views- He could only say
now that he was one of those who opposed the
whole system of internal improvements, as uncon-
stitutional, unequal, and oppressive.
After a word or two of conversation by Messrs.
a. S. HOUSTON and CROZIER,
The hour of two having arrived, the committee
proceeded to vote.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON some time since
proposed to strike out all this amendment after the
word "For," with which it commences, and to in-
sert the following:
" The improvement of the Tennessee river and j
its tributaries, the sum of five hundred thousand
dollars; one-half of said sum as above appropriated j
shall be expended between the city of Knoxville, ;
in Eastern Tennessee, and the head of the Muscle j
Shoals, in the State of Alabama; the other half I
above (he city of fvnoxville, upon the Holston, j
French, Broad, arid Notochueky rivers. The sum
tis above appropriated shull be expended under tnc
.superintendence of five commissioners, whose ap-
pointment shall hereafter be provided and their
duties defined by law.
" For the improvement of the Cumberland river,
in the State of Tennessee, the sum of two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars. The sum as above ap-
propriated shall be expended between the mouth
df said river ami the Cnney Fork, in White county,
Tennessee. " Rejected.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Ouozir.n, (heretofore published,) making
an appropriation for the Afu^ele Shoal canal, and
lor the removal of obstructions in the Tennessee
1 river; which, by yeas 7f>, noes 79, was rejeeU'd.
i Mr. YANCKY moved an amendment, appropri-
1 atmic fifty thousand dollars for the improvement
of the haVbor at Mobile; wineh, by ayes 13, noes
. not counted, was rejceted.
! Mr. JOLJN A. ntiCK WELL oflned an amend-
i ment, proposing an appropriation of ten thousand
' dollars for the impro\enient of tho Thames river;
i ayes .'}(), noes not counted. Rejected.
! Mr. TIBBATTS, under irirtruetions from the
Committee on Commerce, moved a verbal amend-
ment in the item for the harbor at Buffalo; (which
was subsequently agreed to.)
Some conversation followed on a point of order
between Messrs. COBB, TIBBATTS, and the
CHAIRMAN.
[Mr. T. B. KING complaincd that members
could hear nothing, and see very Utile.]
Mr. TIBBATTS offered a series of amend-
ments, under the instructions of the committee who
reported the bill, which led to some further dis-
cussion on a point of order, the result of which
was, lliat the bill was ordered to be read by sec-
tions, that amendments might be offered in the ap-
propriate pla  es.
A great number of amendments were offered.
Some of them were very imperfectly heard, but
they were lu^ed in, according to their order, in
the best manner in which we could gut hold of
them.
l>y Mr. SAWYER: To rcducc the appropri-
ation for the breakwater at Burlington, Lake
Champlain, from fifteen to twelve thousand dol-
lats. Rejected.
The item of $10,000 for the improvement of the
i harbor at Port Ontario, on Lake Ontario, being1
read—
Mr. HOUGH moved to strike out $10,000, and
to insert $15,000. ft was negatived.
The item of $5,000 for the improvement of Big
Sodus Bay, on Lake Ontario, being read—
Mr. DE MOTT move to strike out £5,000, and
to insert ^10,000. It was negatived.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: To amend the item
appropriating " $20,000 for the construction of a
dredge boat for Lake Ontario," by adding the words j
64 end for the river St. Lawrencc." Agreed to.
By Mr. W. HUNT: For the improvement of
the harbor of Eighteen-mile creek, on Lake Onta-
rio, $5,000. Rejected.
[A message was received from the Senate, by A.
Dickens, Esq., informing the House of the passage
bv the Senate of certain bills, &c.]
By Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL : For the purpose
of making a survey and investigation of the river
Delaware, with a view to the construction of ice-
harbors, 43,000. Rejected.
Bv Mr 1'IGKLIN: That the sum of P0,000
be and the same is hereby appropriated for the im-
provement of the harbor at Mt Carmel: $50,000
for the improvement of the harbor at Vmcennes,
£25*000 for the improvement of the harbor and.
steamboat landing at Leroy; $85,000 for the im-
provement of the harbor at Hutsonville; $25,000
for the improvement of the harbor at Yoik, and
$30,000 for the improvement oi the harboi at
Danvin, on the Wabash river. Negatived.
The item of $20,000 for the harbor at the moutii
of Genesee river, being read— ,
Mr. SAWYER moved to strike out $20,000 and
to insert $15,000. Negatived.
By Mr. PERRY: The amendment given in yes-
terday's proceedings in relation to the Chesapeake
and Ohio Canal Company. Rejected.
By Mr. I. E. HOLMES: For the improvement
of the harbors of Texas, ^3,000,000. Rejected.
By Mr. li. B. HOLMES: For the improvement
of the mouth of Sandy Creek, on Lake Ontario,
§10,000. Rejected.
By Mr. DE MOTT: For the improvement of
the harbor at Pultneyville, on Lake Ontario, $10,-
000. Rejected.
By Mr. SRDTJON : For the removal of obstruc-
tions to the navigation of James river, between the
city of Richmond and Harrison's Bar, and the im-
provement of the port of said city, in the State of
Virginia, the sum of ^40,000. Rejected.
By Mr. SAWYER: To reduce the appropria-
tion for the harbor at Buffalo from $50,000 to
*14,000; by ayes 35, noes 106, rejected.
By Mr. S'MS: For the survey and location of ;i
route for a lailroad, and for the construction of the
same, from a suitable point on the Mississippi or
Missouri, to tho Southwest Pass in the Rocky
mountains. Rejected.
By Mr. STEWART: That the proceeds of tho
sales of the public lands be appropriated to make
a railroad from Pittsburg to Oregon, under the di-
rection of the Secretary of War.
Amendment bv Mr. CONSTABLE: The said
road to be located north of the 49th parallel. [Not
entertained,]
Amendment of Mr. Stewart rejected.
By Mr. BRODliEAD: For the improvement of
the Columbia river in Oregon, $100,000.
By Mr. CONSTABLE: To add, "after the ex-
piration of twelve months from this day." [Not
entertained.]
By Mr. A.JOHNSON: To add to Mr. Brod-
hf.ad's amendment: "For the constiuction of a
' canal through the Isthmus of Darien, connecting
' the waters of the Pacific with the Atlantic, one
' million dollars; to be expended under the direc-
' tion of the Secretary of War, and such other per-
' sons, not exceeding five in number, as may be ap- •
' pointed by the President."
The Chair decided this amendment out of order.
Mr. RATHBUN (adverting to Mr. Brodhead's
amendment) had no objection (he said) to a little
sport, but he thought it was carrying the thing
mther too fer, to propose an appropriation for the
Columbia ri\ er, until we knew whether we own-
! ed it.
Several voices: "But the title is clear ana un-
questionable, you know."
Mr. RATHBUN made a remark, of which, in
the confusion, nothing was heard except that he
had no doubt of our title.
The CHAIRMAN said the amendment was in
order.
It was rejected.
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES indicated, but did
not take, an appeal from the decision of the Chair,
ruling- out of order Mr. Andrew Johnson's amend-
ment.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES offered the follow-
ing amendment in lieu of the whole bill after
the enacting clause: That there be, and hereby is,
appropriated out of any money in the treasury
not otherwise appropriated, $1,500,000 for objects
of internal improvements in the several States of
the Union, to be distributed and paid over to the
several States according to their federal represent-
ation. *
Mr. J. would remark that, in his opinion, the
amendment was equally unconstitutional with the
bill, in lieu of which he offered it, and if adopted,
he should vote against the bill as amended. But
if this money is to be unconstitutionally drawn
