1846.
Affairs, submitted the following' report; which was
ordered to be printed:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom
was referred the memorial of sundry officers of the
army of the United States at Corpus Christi, in
relation to staff rank and brevet rank, report:
l hat. they have seen an order of the President of
the United States, dated on the 12th day of the
present month, re-establishing the regulation of
August 13th, 1829, by President Jack^n, rela-
tion to brevet and staff rank, and abrogating- all
subsequent regulations in relation thereto; and be-
lieving the said regulation of August 13th, 1829, to
be a. correct exposition of the rules and articles of
War in relation to the subject, and that the re-estab-
lishment of said regulation has applied the ade-
quate and appropriate remedy to the evils com-
plained of in the memorial, and has superseded the
necessity for legislation on the subject, the commit-
tee bring back into the Senate the memorial com-
mitted to them, and pray to be discharged from its
further consideration.
.Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, submitted adverse reports up-
on the petitions of Eli Hinds, Jemima Flood, and
Elizabeth G-assaway.
Also, a report recommending the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill granting a pension to Noah
Conner; which were severally ordered to be print-
Mr. J. also, from the same Committee, asked
that said committee bo discharged from the further
consideration of the petitions of Samuel R. Read
and George Guier, and that they be referred to
the Committee 011 Naval Affairs; which wa? agreed
Mr. J. also, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported, without amendment, a bill explanatory
of the fourth section of an act making appropria-
tions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending 30th Juno, 184C,
and for other puposos, approved March 3d, 1845.
Mr. NILES moved that five thousand copies of
a recent report of the Postmaster General be print-
ed for the use of the Senate; which was agreed to.
REPORT OF COMMISSIONER OK PATENTS.
Mr. ATIIERTON mo\ed to take, up the report
of the Committee on Printing, rocojnniondin^ the
printing of the report of the Commissioner of Pat-
ents, and briefly advocated the printing of the num-
ber of copies recommended by the committee, who
had evinced their desire to economize by recom-
mending the printing of a much less number than
last year. He corrected a statement made by the
Senator from Connecticut in a former debate, that
this appropriation was not authorized by law.
Mr. SEVIER entered into some historical de-
tails relative to the origin and progress of the Pat-
ent Office, from the period when it was merely an
integral portion of the State Department, under the
management of one of its clerks, until it had be-
come a distinct, and splendid, and costly establish-
ment. It had actually grown up to be a branch of
the Government. Ho was quite alarmed at this.
Their fathers had got on very well in their good
old moderate way, with a Patent OHiee confined to
a single room in the old Post Office. But now
they had got a great granite building, and a Com-
missioner, and a team of clerks, and eonncctcd
with it,, he believed, a squadron of the navy, which
had gone over the whole world to bring back stones,
and fossils, and birds, and Fejee wigs.
Mr. CASS. Egyptian mummies.
Mr. SEVIER. Yes; and also Egyptian mum-
mies—wheat and corn and barley and oats—all sorts
of seeds; turnip seed, and cabbages, and lettuces—
in fact, almost everything he had heard of, and a
great many things of which he had not heard, with j
names which he could not make out at all, and had i
to get his friends from Alabama and Pennsylvania I
to make out the meaning of. He thought the game 1
had been played far enough. He was tired of this
spending money for the printing of a book about
buckwheat and Indian corn. Of the documents
accompanying the President's Message, full of val-
uable information relative to the foreign relations,
the finances, army, navy, Indian affairs, and every-
thing else of the country, only fifteen hundred cop-
ies were printed. This Patent Office had gone too
far ahead. It had absorbed the public printing in
a great degree. It had all turned out just as he
had anticipated years ago when it was proposed
to build that magnifisent structure. He supposed,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
if the revulsion of 1837 had not come, they would
have proposed to build a great national church
alongside the Patent Office, so that they might all
worship there beside that national curiosity. He
thought a stop should be put somewhere to that
magnificent humbug, the Patent Office, which had
actually lecturers attached to it—yes, lecturers to
teach farmers! He was a farmer himself, and he
coula lecture those lecturers—he could. Let Sen-
ators only think of it—lecturers to teach men how
to sow oats! He never went to hear such lectures.
How much did the Patent Office cost? Could his
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] tell? No:
he shook his head; he could not tell. Nobody
could tell. He supposed it cost more than the
State Department. All of their old commodores
and their captains were instructed to fill up their
vessels with seeds and plants, and all sorts of trash,
and brin": them to the Patent Office. He hoped
Ins friend from Connecticut, [Mr. Niles,] who,
with himself, generally stood at the door of the
treasury, and took care of all the money they had
got there, would limit the number to five thou-
sand—-that would be quite sufficient. A cat t load
of this document had been sent to his village, (he
did not live in one of their great cities;) and as he
did not carry on a great correspondence—he had a
good character iri that respect, and he recom-
mended his example to other Senators, he did not
answer any letters at all, that was by far the best
plan—he did not often hear from the Postmaster;
but one day lie found htm m a terrible pucker be-
cause the documents filled up his room so that he
could not turn himself about. The fact was, his
village was not a very scientific place, and lie (Mr.
S.) did not move in a literary circle; it was true
they had some literary characters in the village,
but he. did not belong to them. ITe thought that
six men could be found in his village who would
read the document, and therefore he would agree
to take six copies of the document. And if he was
to 1),' flooded v. ith as many of these books as last
year, he hoped his colleague, [Mr. Ashley,] who
IVaiiked them off last ye.u, would follow suit, and
do the same tor him again.
Mr. IJKNTON regarded the question as one
much more important than the mere printing ot'a
document. lie was opposed to the. system of ex-
pending the public, money tor the publication of a
document made tin in a great measure of com-
munications furnished in reply to circulars issued
from the Patent Office, by persons who had no
object but merely to get their names published
m a public document. The volume had swollen
to one. thousand pages; and at the rate at which
it had grown, it would soon amount to two or
three thousand pages. But he was opposed to the
principle of teaching the people agriculture in this
,j way. It was the remark of a wise man, no longer
amongst them, that if the Government would un-
dertake to instruct the people in the art of raising
corn, they would soon be obliged to purchase the
seed for them. It was a vain idea, that of the Gov-
ernment teaching the people agriculture. In the
West it was well known, that, after the first year,
the farmers bad no occasion to buy seed. The
only exception in his (Mr. B.'s) State, had been
that ol a very learned gentleman, who had under-
taken to write a book on the subject of planting
corn, and who finished by buying his own corn.
The expense of the work of instructing the peo-
ple m agriculture was not the only objection—
that would be assuming a task never contemplated
by the foil odors of the Government, and one which
would only tend to injure the agriculturists. Let
agriculture be left, as in England and Prance, to
the farmers themselves, and to the periodicals and
works which were devoted to their interests and
pursuits.
Mr. CAMERON said that the objection raised
011 the score of expense against the diffusion
amongst the agricultural classes of a work which
had been sought for with so much eagerness, was
Ci oro was a orpins fund of more
than §100,000 to the credit of the Patent Office, and
it was only just that some portion of it should be
returned to the people by the publication and cir-
culation of a document which .had met with such
unequivocal favor. He could hardly undertake to
reply seriously to the assaults which had been made
upon the Patent Office as a useful department of
the public service. It was well known thatatthat
office intelligence at once valuable and gratifying
was daily received in relation to the progress of all
the useful arts amongst the American people. In
his opinion one of the highest aims of Government
was the encouragement of the arts of civilization in
a legitimate and proper manner. That end was
gained in an eminent degree by the Patent Office.
But he would not go into an argument on that sub-
ject. As to talk about the expense of publishing
this document, all he had to say was, that no doubt
some gentlemen were very anxious to show their
great desire to economize the public expenditures.
Perhaps at the proper time he (Mr.C.) would evince
an equal desire to attain that end. But he thought
that, in the present instance, the effort wassomewhat
forced. His object in rising was simply to correct
what he believed was a misapprehension on the
part of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Wiles,]
who had stated that he had before him a pamphlet
containing the report of the Commissioner of Pat-
ents, issued by some publisher in Philadelphia,
and that some members of Congress Had sold the
document. It would have been more liberal and
nearer the mark to ha\ e supposed the fact that the
Philadelphia publisher, aware of the value of the
document and its popularity, had ordered an edition
from the public printer for bis use. That was a
common procedure. He hoped that there would
be 110 alteration in the number of copies recom-
mended to be printed by the committee.
Mr. NILES said he had a word to say. Since
this question was up the other day, he had looked
into the history of the legislation on this subject,
so far as there had been any to sanction the com-
pilation and publication of these reports, and he
found it to be this: In 1836 the Patent Office was
reorganized, and raised from a mere clerkship at-
tached to the State Department into an independent
bureau; or, perhaps lie might say, an independent
department. In the act passed at that time, there
was a section appropriating one thousand dollars
to be expended by the Commissioner of Patents in
collecting agricultural statistics. It was a mere
incidental appropriation, atid could have no effect
beyond the ensuing year. Since that period, there
has been annually an appropriation of one thou-
sand dollars for the same object, until last year,
when ail appropriation of three thousand dollars
was smuggled through Congress for procuring ag-
ricultural statistics, without the restriction that it
was to be expended by the Commissioner of Pat-
ents. I say (said Mr. N.) this appropriation was
smuggled through Congress, because 1 believe that
very few members of either House knew anything
about it; and much less did they know the object
for which it was intended. No one can have sup-
posed that this three thousand dollars was design-
ed to create another office, and be a provision for
paying the incumbent. But such, he understood,
had been the fact; this sum had been given to an-
other person, the gentleman who had formerly
been at the head of the Patent Office, who had col-
lected the information which made up the present
report. We had now two officers, each receiving
three thousand dallars per annum; one who took
charge of the Patent Office, and another who col-
lected statistical information and compiled the re-
port on agriculture. What was a mere clerkship
a few years ago had grown up to be an indepen-
dent department, and was now dividing itself and
forming another distinct and independent bureau,
which might bo called the bureau of agriculture.
We have taken the first step, and have to take but
one or two steps more, and this bureau will be
established.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Ath-
erton] misunderstood his remarks the other day.
He did not say that this proceeding was wholly
without law; but he said it was irregular, and, in
the extent to which it had gone, was without any
legal regulation or sanction. What is the legal au-
thority ? Why, previous to last year, it has been
an annual appropriation of one thousand dollars, to
be expended by the Commissioner of Patents in
procuring statistics of agriculture. An appropria-
tion bill does not usually involve an expenditure
beyond the amount appropriated; but in this case,
the appropriation of one thousand dollars has
grown into an expenditure of one hundred thou-
sand dollars. But the appropriation was for col-
lecting agricultural statistics. And how has it been
expended? Why, in collecting materials consist-
ing of essays on agricultural subjects—some ori-
ginal, and Others extracts from other publications
—for a large volume, which is called a report. In
this publication last year, consisting of more than
