520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
iWere bUt Tfl pafes 0f;! W,0U,ld n0t ^ detailed examination of
0 lcuttural statistics It has none ot the chami- the whole question, bat would simply repeat that
e^TjL^tiTn' S U V0himftc01?p0>aeli t0f.! thf <lura,i,° . rertuoed t0 its ml1 Stance, was,
^ ™.a U,eS ?" various agricultural subject,, ;; whether, by asserting our claims to the whole of
™ i",L.. •1 Il^i aPPe: 'ed Jli,otlTr !! Oregon, we were to have war, or, by limiting (hose
by negotiation, we were to have peace
publications in the country. He thought it time
to put a stop to such irregular and useless expend- I
iturcs. He had a word to say nt reply to the re- }
marks of the {Senator fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. f
Cameron;] he Wiis not mistaken m his remarks ;
the other day in regard to these reports having i
been in the hands! of the booksellers. The Sena-
rile Senator from Ohio [Mr. Allen] lmd' said,
m the course of his remarks, that he was anxious
to prepare the hearts of tlie people of this country
for war. Now, he (Mr. Archer) was anxious to
prepare them for peace.
iwsrtfcrs;::
P",!- ,!°tS0- 7he cowon,usta- occasion to repeat what I thought 1 had often-
times before stated, that, in answer to certain re-
epou. it wax not so. liie copy on his ta-
ble is our publication, and one of the copies print-
ed by order of Congress. No bookseller has re-
marks made by the Senator from Massachusetts
nT Z !l with* regard to the mode this Government should
n m i ted if tliev woII''f r1 , Y ^ r''?|rt of lll,iolI5' measures, and saying but
K-pinuect it, tlicy would June done it m a much '! little about them, I renlied that I hold iust the on
!n bticT 1 e cot'ies we have printed at the posite of those opinio) s; that I believed the whole
'ft S£e5!e"Trht hmUlS !! StiUe °f "l<? 1uosl'„ni 'hat all ihe dangers which the
the bookseller, and it was not (or him to say foreign relations of th<- country threaten to its
peace, should be tully made, known to the country
bow they got there. , „
Air ASHLEY next rose, and was about to re- j! b
toVmoUoifThki/nrPv^if bUt "Ty ! W1, <'"nnexl"'i witl> "'at subject, if it was esson-
tA.a."J1Ol,0n- uluUl P'^ailcu, to proceed to the ;• tial to p.vpa.e public opinion, and the niiiuls and
heaits o( the. people, by the. frank disclosures of
consideration of the
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration |
of the special order, being; the joint resolution sub- ;
niitted by Air. Aij.en", as amended by the Com-
inittec on I1orcign Isolations, proposing to give no- ■'
tice to the Government of Great Britain of the m- i
tention of the Crnvci-nment of the United States to ■
abrogate the convention authorizing the joint oectt- '
pancy of the Oregon territory, the resolutions of tj
iYlessis. H.i.vxkca.y, 0.iLnotr.v, Crittendek, ant! 'i
Coi.iiuitt, and the joint resolution of the House !
ol.JtcpresetHalives on the .same subject. 'j
The question being on the substitute proposed 'i
by Mr. Cfur tendon— j;
Mr. ARCHuJl rose, and addressed the Senate
for about a)) hour. Hut his remarks were deliver-
ed m so low a tone that it was impossible for the
leporter to catch anything beyond occasional and
accidental glimpses of their import. The follow-
ing sketch, therefore, must be regarded rather as
an abstract oi his course of argument than a re-
port of his speech.
it was seldom (he said) that a question -uas pre-
sented which demanded, in as sicat a defciee, ft-ai-
les.s and honest cuim.sels ilrt (]iat before ,JI( nj- yjot
only the enntrnv er^y for a l.u^e territory was m-
■voUcd, but the issues oi the deejsion they should
lender, which weio ot Mill higher importance.
ihe people ot this country muM desire to receive
correct jmoiniation in relation to this eontro\crsv,
mlher than to see. their servants theremamfestany
teelings that would o\crlook the merits of the oues-
tion, of which tlicy ^-'aid have to reap the benc-
lits or sustain the cahunitics; and yet uhat Jiad
they witnessed, und what had been the treatment
which tins r>Tave question had received from Sen a- <
tois on this tloorr IJo deplored the violent invee- !
mes which had been induced id by the friends of ;
the notice, and the tone of the papers, as thev I
tended to impair lair and free discussion. Even 1
m that bod" - ' ' ~
, the real state of the facts, they ou iit to be stated,
whether war or unythin^ else was to follow. It
: was not, thercfoie,a declaration made independent
; of ot her (juestions, that I wanted to throw mto the
i publit; mind, and exeite in it, a national predisposi-
tion to wai. That was not my meaning-, as the
Senator will sec, and 1 am sure his candor and jus-
tice will lead him to accept this explanation. And
X repeat—I take not back one syllable of what I
uttered then. It. is printed and corrected by my
own hand; it stands there, and 1 abide the event,
whatever it may be.
Air. AKCIf^K, had no disposition to impute to
the Senator from Ohio any sentiments he had not
avowed, nor laid he meant to insinuate that ho was
the reckless auvocatc of war; for he supposed the
v'^enflenuin thought that war might bo required by
the exigencies of the question, and that the hearts
of the people should be prepared for if. Now, his
(Ah\ Archkr's) opinion was directly the revcise.
lie thought the best cflorls of c\ery man should
; prepare the hearts of the people for eonipro-
; mise and peace. That was a question of war: and
\x a question of war; and
m hat sort of a war? Was it a war they were to
estimate by jhr. ships sunk or men shiuyhteied>
j\fit at all. t hat, would be a mosi erroneous mode
ol estimating it indeed. It would be a war the
most drstrurtne of t lie elements of human prosper-
ity thai was reeouled m human history. It would
be n very reniarkable one in this view, that not a
blow this country would have the power to inflict
OH its advci-sjiy that would not recoil on our own
shoulders. They had an interest m the affairs of
that Power with whom they were incited to go to
« ar scarcely inferior to that they had in their own.
A picture had been drawn of the prospects of this
country in case the Union was preserved; and lie
believed nothing could be said extravagant on that
subject. But what was the talisman on which
depended the realization of these hopes? Peace;
because peace was essential to that expansion and
Tm :i riurn w
uuestion was one of nerve and patriotism and i n :l anmlulatino; peace you annihilate com-
pose who did not take a peculiar view of 'the ques- |' late all ^
inentlon thVsf™^ "0t |' N'nv' 'ie <i>*t that was a question of
to gentlemen who'took ^ 1™',Uld « war of thc <*<*actcr >'c had described.
u^was not necessary to prove that proposition.
made. He (Air. A.) avowed he had no? nerve
enough to involve his country m unnecessary dan-
ger, nor could he respect such nerve. As for p-i-
triotism he knew- too well how cheaply it could
be purchased in these days, by a course of invec-
tive, to desire a like i eputation for it. He was not
amuitious 01 such patriotism. As to the sense of is
honor in regard to this country, he believed there
was !!wt M C.XCCPI111 d0i"S':iGd demanding what
me if if 6 lVU'd 11 S'°at deal about Ac sent,-
como exP':efcd by Commodore Decatur—" Oar
ob ect ^t-uS, °r ^ '0n="~t0 wl,ich Jlc dici not ■
oojea, it it was uuderstoou to say that we otHif
or co'"!tl7 when engns-cd in war, n?"
There was a territory, which, by their own con-
cession, was held in common occupation for thirty
years; and the convention under which it was done
was the result of their own proposition. We had,
since the adoption of that convention, at four dif-
ferent periods tendered—what? Why an equal
division of that territory between Great Britain and
ourselves: and would any man say, that if they
■undertook now to settle the controversy by the
Strong: hand of force—by seizing; the whole terri-
tory—there was a power m the whole world so
contemptible as to submit to it? Who are the
persons who assert our clean- and unquestionable
title to the whole of Oregon? They are the very
mount to a declaration that we are to have war.
Now he wanted the people of the country to be
apprised of the real character of that war. How-
had that question assumed the fearful aspect it
then had ? How did it happen that the relations
established between the two countries by the con-
ventions of 1818 and 1827 were sought to be deT
stroved ? If tlicy were to have war, it would in
t he first place be a war unprovoked by the adver-
sary with whom we have to contend. How has it
been presented to us in its most awful aspect? Has
Great Britain sought it > Has she violated any pro-
vision of the existing convention, or done any other
act which should provoke war ? No; it would be
entirely unprovoked by our adversary. Again, is it
a war which would be conducive to the possession
of the object wo seek ? Now no man could dispute
that under these conventions the occupation of
Oregon was absolutely inevitable by the people of
the United States, if the relations between the Uni-
ted States and England were not disturbed. We
were told that while one Englishman went to set-
tle there under that convention, one thousand
American citizens go there, as they had a right to
do, to occupy it. No one could doubt that under
that arrangement the people of the United States
in a few years would occupy it.
But it is objected that, if our citizens go there,
they must be followed by protection. We are
not precluded from doing- that by the provisions of
the convention. We could build forts, extend
their laws, establish Indian agencies, and have a
military force there. We were precluded from
none of these—from nothing but one—that was
the giving of territorial rights. Now, all the new
States of the Union were settled in the same man-
ner. People had always gone into them at first as
squatters, without their territorial rights being re-
corded, under the certain conviction that, at a
proper time, their rights would be recorded. War,
therefore, in this state of things, is not only un-
provoked, but entirely superfluous. It would not
only be a war not required, or conducive to its ob-
ject, but it would actually put out of the power of
the United States the realization of that object.
Then it would not be a provoked war, nor condu-
cive to its object; and he would therefore ask,
could it be a just war? Even if we held a clear
and unquestionable title, he would ask, was the
United States justified in the course proposed ? If
he was asked what was the title of Great Britain,
lie would say that, had she none other, she had a
title under the United States. We had made the
conventions with her, and four times offered to di-
vide the territory with her, in which she was not
the proposer; on the contraiy, rejected the offers.
And it is at this time, after so long acknowledging
the rights on the part of other nations to make
settlements that we are going to claim the whole:
would that be just or honorable? As to the ques-
tion of title, a discussion of it, in all its aspects,
had been objected to. But he thought the people
of the United States could not be brought to sanc-
tion a war for the assertion of a title, unless it was
shown to be a clear and unquestionable one.Com-
promise and division were the true policy of the
United States. He believed the United States had
a good title, and he could not think the British
Government had any disposition to contest that,
title. But the question was, Had we a clear title
up to 54° 40' ? It must be admitted we had not,
under the Spanish title, derived from the treaty of
1819. That title had been ridiculcd as derived
from a grant from the Pope in 1419; but lie thought
it was not properly the subject of ridicule. The
title to the great mass of property, municipal as
well as national, was conventional. When, amon°-
nations, the grounds of title have been recognised^
it is a good and valid title. If the claim of Spain
to America, confirmed by the Pope, was at that
time acknowledged by other nations, it was good
and valid; and, indeed, had tlie pretensions of
Spain, as allowed by the Pope, not been held
as good, there would hardly have been one of the
States of this Union now established. But we
were the first to attempt to invalidate the title of
Spain, during the firs* negotiations of 1818. In
wnat a position do we place ourselves now, by
that title ! If right now, what were
was a question of war or peace.
same persons who are denouncing ihe pride and i we doing in 1813 but setting up'a dishonest
aiTosance ot «re.,. j claim to title?-for the discovSy of firay Snol
j be good if Spain's title was good. If the discov-
. ery of the. mouth of the Columbia by Gray gives
; us a valid title, there was no force in the Spanish
arrogance of Great Britain, and who would evince
our own moderation and justice by seizing the
j; whole territory—a step tantamount to war. If they
went for the whole of Oregon, it would be tanta-
