1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
title-, if there was force in the Spanish title, then
our title by the discovery of Gray is invalid. The
doctrine of the Secretary of State on that topic,
was a mistaken one. He said, if we had one
ground of title, and acquired another, we could
make use of both. That was quite true; but they
must not be repugnant titles, as these were; for if
our title by discovery was good, it must be that
that of Spain was bad; if the Spanish title was
good, there was no force in ours.
Another ground there was on which the title of
Spain might be good. Undoubtedly she made the
first discoveries: at least she was the first power
whose ships sailed along the coast. But it was
replied that discovery gives no solid title, unless
followed up by settlement; and she had none on
this coast north of the Columbia but Nootka,
which was entirely abandoned by Spain. Another
source from which Spain might have derived title:
Suppose all the Powers of the earth had assented
to the pretensions of Spain, they would, although
unsustained by any facts or principles of public
law, have been good by prescription. But this is
not so; for during all the time her claims to exclu-
sive sovereignty were disputed both by Russia and
England, as well as by ourselves, ft could not,
then, be a title by prescription. He had been sur-
prised at the extraordinary weight attached to the
Nootka Sound convention there. It had been said
Great Britain had no title but what was derived
from that; but he (Mr. A.) maintained that that
convention was not to assert a title, but to ascer-
tain one on the part of Great Britain; and it was
found from the correspondence of Mr. Huskisson
in 1824, that England asserted a parity of title with
Spain, and that the Nootka convention fixes and
ascertains the title of Great Britain. If Great Brit-
ain had recognised a title in Spam, how could the
contest relative to the seizures of ships, which led
to the convention, have taken place, but that Spam
was asserting a title Great Britain had never recog-
nised? Why, if she acknowledged the title of
Spain, should she take offence at the seizure of
ships, as it had been the policy of Spain always to
exclude foreigners from that coast? But she did
not admit the claims of Spain, and she was ready
at all times to repel them by war. But bethought
it was immaterial to knuw what the object of the
Nootka convention was. He would submit to his
honorable ffriends whether there were not such
doubts in this source of title from Spain as would
not authorize them to go to war for it.
One point more he thought worthy of attention,
and that was, that by strict construction the Con-
stitution of the United States makes no provision
for acquisition of territory whatever; no, not so
much as one acre for a dock-yard, &e. But now
it, was said that discovery gives us a title to thirteen
degrees of latitude. He found no such power in
the Constitution of the United States, although wo
were not inhibited from acquiring territory in a
way which had bpen used in several cases to a
large extent, under the treaty-making power, or
by purchase. What he had been endeavoring to
prove was, not that we had no title, but that" wc
had not a title so clear and unquestionable to the
whole of the claims asserted by certain members
of that body as to justify the consequent of w ar.
He asked the attention of the Senate to the ques-
tion of war; but although nobody could suppose
that, in case of war, there would he a man in the
land who would not sustain it, yet it was very im-
portant to consider what might be the conse-
quences of the war that was to come. He was
ready to assume, with the Senator from Ohio, for
the sake of argument, that, in the event of war, u e
should be triumphant on every wave and m every
field. He was willing to concede fui ther, that, by
that war, they should occupy all the dominions of
Great Britain on this continent, and so subdue her
as to make her sue for peace. He could not, in- !
deed, assent to the opinion of the honorable Sena- i
tor that England would not go to war single-hand- ;
ed for Oregon; and he would remind the Senator;
that war was very likely, if the doctrines he ad- j
vanced prevailed; for he told them that all the Eu-
ropean Powers were ready to pounce down upon ;
us in order to counteract the influence our system ;
had over all the earth. If such weic the case, j
when could there be a moie favorable time for ;
them than when we were engaged in the dispute j
with England ? But he did not impute to them |
any such intention, and he could not concur m the >
views of the Senator. But he was willing to ;
grant, for the sake of argument, that all ho sup-
posed would take place; that even when the dec-
laration of war had taken place, her ships, concen-
trated in foree on cur coast, would take to their
heels to guard her colonies from invasion; still, if
England never sent a ship here at all to ravage our
coasts, they would still be compelled to act on the
supposition that she would do so; and it would cost
as much to provide for defence if she never sent a
vessel, as if she sent her fleets in the greatest force
to invade us. The Senator fiom South Carolina
[Mr. Calhoun] had shown they would require
armies—in all, 200,000 men—and two navies; and
there, was one peculiarity about armies here that
was not seen in European countries. It would not
be an army of enlisted men, but a militia force, com-
posed of men changing every three or six months.
Such an army would be doubly as expensive as the
same force cf a regular standing army. And where
were we to get the means of providing for all these
armies? Our sources of revenue are derived en-
tirely from commerce; our markets were nearly all
abroad. These would be cut oil'; but even if we
found access to them to a certain extent, we would
have to go there liable to all the charges of insu-
rance, indirect communication, and all the losses
that condition of things would produce. We
could raise no revenue from customs at all. Mr.
Gallatin had computed the amount to be provided
for at about seventy millions a yeai; but the Sen-
ator from South Carolina said it was much too
small a computation, and showed that we had no
other resource than m an unlimited circulation of
paper money. We could not make loans abroad,
and if made at all, they must be made at home.
We would have to rely entirely on banks to sus-
tain n paper system, and come into the same con-
dition as we were m, not in the war of 1812, but
in that of the Rr> olution. And that state of things
would not end with the war; the same necessity
for a revenue would exist after the advent of peace.
The enormous accumulation ill ten years of over
^750,000,000 of debt would require a revenue to
meet the interest, and that could not be derived
from commerce; and we would lie compelled to re-
sort to the same system of indirect taxes as du-
ring the war. That was the change war would
etfeet in our liiiancial and social systems. But
tlieie was another, a laiger, and more philosophi-
cal view presented the other day by the Senator
from South Carolina. That war would be with
a Power that was able to resist Napoleon, armed
with the whole force of Europe. It would not
be a short one. However signal its successes,
its cll'cct. on the social system of the United States
would be extremely disastrous. As proven by
the experience of the past, we would have the
Jacksons and Johnsons—the military men—filling
. all the public, offices. 11c. had heard it suggest-
ed that the war itself would break up the Union.
' lie did not believe that possible. The stability of
j the Union might be sapped by covert attacks on
j the Constitution, by the usurpations and innova-
tions of men in power at home, but it could not be
destroyed by foreign hostility. It was the spirit of
military men to be imperious and despotic. He
confessed that it was in that view that he regarded
the results of such a contest as most serious. It
would not be conducive in any way to our inter-
ests. Even if successful, the conscquences would
be extremely disastrous. There was another view
which he I'eit it his duty to present. How was it
that such a war would be brought upon us? Would
it be for any great national interest? No: it would
be a war to redeem a party pledge. So it had been
broadly stated on that iloor. The honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana said, that if the President would
not, obey the behest of the Baltimore convention,
he would regard him as a traitor. Had that con-
j volition then, indeed, authority to oveiridc the
j Constitution of the country > Was that all? That
; convention at Baltimore met for a special purpose
! —to carry out the views of a party of the United
: States, in the election of a Chief Magistrate. What
was its first act? To throw overboard the nomi-
i nee of nearly two-thirds of the votes of that con-
i vention, in favor of a person before not thought of
| at all. There was no expression then of the opin-
| ion of the people of the United States on the sub-
I jeet now under discussion. That was, in fact, im-
! possible either with regard to Texas or Oregon.
I And yet that resolution, not responsive to public
| opinion, but designed to fabricate an opinion for
! electioneering purposes, was now held up as au-
thority. .Was that anything but Jacobinism?
That was the point-to which we are now brought.
It was not a party, but a national question. It had
been represented as one affecting awestern interest.
There was no western interest;" but there was
a western temper—a temper always characteristic
of new States—with great virtues, with great de-
fects—impulsive and impetuous—obstinately benfc
on the accomplishment of its purpose—a temper of
unlimited avidity for the acquisition of territory.
He knew that the political power was to go there.
There it was to culminate. He did not object to
that. Where the wealth and population were,
there ought to be the power. But he desired that
progress to be moderate.
"Westward the star of empire takes its way."
The sentiment was as true as its expression was
poetic. He trusted that it would be accompanied
by the orb of education, and that it would shed a
benign, not a baleful influence.
Mr. NILES then moved that the Senate go into
Executive session.
The motion was put and carried; and then, after
some time spent with closed doors,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 18, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The House, by consent, took up and referred
the joint resolution from the Senate, for the relief
of Peter Gorman.
A PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SAWYER rose and asked leave to make a
personal explanation.
And leave having been granted—
Mr. SAWYER .said: Something occurred in
this House yesterday, on an amendment offered
by one of my colleagues, [Mr. Delano,] malting
an appropriation for the improvement of the Mau-
meo river, which calls for some notice at my hands.
I find that I am incorrectly reported in the Nation-
al Intelligencer; and that 1 am thus represented m
a wrong light as regards that matter. I wish to
set, myself right. The attack that was made upon
me yesterday was sufficient of itself, without su-
peradding a wrong leport of what actually did
take place. I take this occasion to say, that, so
far as 1 know and believe, so far as I have any ac-
quaintance with the gentleman who offered the
amendment, he is incapable of doing anything' to
injure me, or any other man. The meaning I in-
tend to convey is, that he would not knowingly
or intentionally do any such thing; and that, from
evidence adduced to me, he did not offer the amend-
ment at all with that view.
But there are other individuals here who seemed
to push on the work yesterday, and whose inten-
tions, as I believe, are of a different character;
and, thus believing, I dare to speak.
The report says—
" Mr. Sawyer inquired who moved the amend-
ment, and said he represented that district."
That (continued Mr. S.) is true.
The report further says:
" The Chairman gave the information desired.
" Mr. Sawyer said he wanted the interference
of no man in the affairs of his district."
That (continued Mr. S.) is also true.
But what follows is not true. It may have been
a mistake; I have no doubt that it is. The report
says:
" If the appropriation had been wanted, he
would have moved it himself."
I said no such thing (continued Mr. S.)
And, again, the report says:
" Asi it was not wanted, he would not vote for
it."
I said no such thing, (again remarked Mr. S.,)
and an explanation oil this subject is necessary. 1
desire to place myself right before my constitu-
ents, and I do not intend that any man shall place
me in a wrong position towards them. There
were two gentlemen here—high-minded, honor-
able gentlemen—who have the control of this mat-
ter, and who have been engaged officially for the
improvement from that district. They advised
me not to offer that amendment yesterday. I think
I have as good a right to know what the wishes
of the people there are as anybody else; and I
feel that I am perfectly justifiable in the course I
have pursued. When the proper time comes, I
