522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
intend to offer an amendment; I intend to do so
this morning, and to offer such a one as will suit
myself. If gentlemen think proper to vote for it,
well and good; if not, they can take their own
course. I felt that this much was necessary to set
myself right in the matter, and J will not further
trespass on the indulgence of the House.
Mr. DELANO asked leave to make a personal
explanation. He stated that his experience in re-
gard to personal explanations admonished him,
that, when made, they should be brief; and he
promised that he would detain the House but for a
moment.
He said he had received petitions and letters
from sundry persons interested therein in regard to
the necessity of an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the Maumee river. The petitions he had
presented several weeks since, at which time he
advised several of his colleagues that on some suit-
able occasion, he would move an amendment to
the " river and harbor bill," making an appropria-
tion for the improvement of the Maumee river.
lie bad several days since presented to his col-
league [Mr. Schick] his proposed amendment,
and asked him if he would support it. Mr. S re-
plied that he would, because he considered him-
self bound, injustice to the persons who had con-
fided this matter to his care to do so; because ho
considered the proposition meritorious; because he
believed the people of his own State, and particu-
larly those in the vicinity of the Muumee bay, en-
titled to the appropriation.
lie had submitted the motion with no design or
desire to wound the feelings of his colleague, [Mr.
Sawyer,] or to do him injustice here or elsewhere,
but simply to d'tschargc a duly which the citizens of
Ins own State had devolved upon him; and, in do-
inir which, hts conduct had the entire approbation
of his judgment.
The SPEAKER said that the business first in
order would be the call of the committees for re-
ports.
mileage of members.
Mv. .T. P. MARTIN, from the Committee on
Mileage, ottered a lesolution discharging the Com- |;
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union from !j
the bill heretofore reported by him, in relation to ![
the mileane of members. f;
Mr. UOWLUN said that, ns this subject had
been brought up, he desired to oiler an amend-
menu whuli was read for information, as follows:
"Skc. — That no niemlu;r be allowed pay for ,
any day that he dors not actually attend the .sitting ]'
of the House if in session that day, unless absent !
by lis older on Oh; business of she Tlou<e, or pre- [
vented from attending by siekncss; and the ihil- j
uie of any member to answer to his name on ;
the cail of the House, or on the call of the ayes j
and noes, shall constitute hmi an absentee for the ,
day, unless it appears from the journals of the j
House that he was absent by its order, or be ex- j
eused for sickness on the ccitlficate of a physician; |
and no member absent from the House for his own ;
business or pleasure, and with or without the leave i
of the House, shall receive any pay for the time
he is so absent.
« Skc. — That it shall be the duty of the Clerk
of the House, at least once every day, to furnish
the Sergeant-at-Arms with a list of those mem-
bers who, on the preceding day, faded at any-
one time to answer to their names, either upon a
call of the House, or on the ayes and noes; and
the Sergeant-at-Arms, upon receiving such list,
shall charge the members so absent, and shall take
from his gross pay, in the settlement of his account,
the amount of one day a pay for every day so ab-
sent."
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON desired leave to make
two reports, as he was not in his seat at the mo-
ment the committee of wnich he was a member was
callcd a few days ago.
The SPEAKER said that the mileage bill was
before the House, and that the question would be
on ordering it to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. MARTIN desired to know whether it was
in order for the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Bowlin] to offer an amendment whilst he (Mr.
M.) was on the floor?
The SPEAKER was understood to say that,
not understanding the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Martin] as claiming the floor, it had been
given to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr- Bow-
lin,] who had offered his amendment.
Mr. PERRY moved that the bill and amendment
be laid on the table.
Mr. HOPKINS was understood to request Mr.
Perry not to insist 011 that motion, as the whole
subject would thus be laid on the table,
The motion was not withdrawn.
The yeas and nays were asked by Mr. Hopkins,
and other members, and were ordered.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll; and when
the name of
Mr. C. J. INGEHSOLL was called, that gentle-
man rose and asked the Speaker to state what the
bill was.
The SPEAKER said it was the mileage bill.
Mr. ING'ERSOLL said he knew it was the mile-
age bill; but (he was understood to add) he knew
nothing of what its provisions were.
The SPEAKER said the Clerk was calling the
roll; it would not bo in order to read the bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL asked, as a personal favor,
that it might be read.
I?ut it was not read.
The roll having been called through, the vote was
announced as follows;
"VKAS—-Messrs. Stephen Adams, Arnold, Ashmun, Bn-
kei, Brinkotliort', JJiockenbrougto, IJnfflniflou, John II.
(-.unpbt'Il, Cutlioarf. Ohipmau, Constable, Cranston, l)oug-
1: -S IVklm, Foot, Garvin, (tiles, Hnrmanson, Hoge,
Hough, Washington Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jenkins,
La Seie. layon, Maelav, Joseph J. McDowell, Marsh,
Moiste, Motley, Painsh, Payne, PerriJl, Perry, Phelps,
Pruv, Uclfe, Roboits Leonard H. £uns, Robert Smith,
Stanton, Kvkes, Thibodenux, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts,
Vmton, Wentworth, and Yancey—
NAYS-— M<>Nn>. Abbott, John Ciimtey Adams, Anderson,
Atkinson, Bairinger, Bayly, BertiOger, Bell, Benton, Big?s,
.lames Black, James A. Black, Bowhn, Boyd, Brodhcnd,
Milton Brown, William (*. Brown, Burt, Win. W. Cnmp-
beJl, Carioll, John l . Chapman, Keuhen Chapman, Cluise,
CKuke, Col>b, Cooke, Collin, Cro/ner, Cnllom, Culver,
Cnminms, Cunningham, Daniel, Dargnn, Darragh, Garrett
Davis, Delano* He Mott, 1)1 von, Dobbin, Dockery, Diom
goole, Dunlap, T-ll-twoitb, Krdinnn, John 11. Kwnig, F.dwni
U. Kn nig, Furan, Poster, Fries, (.entry, Guiding**, Cood-
veau Gordon* Giahanu Grider, Grinnell, (Jiovcr, Hamlin,
Hampton, Harper, Ilmley, Ileruck, Eha* B. Holmes.
Hopkins, John W Houston, Georee S. Houston, tirfniund
\\\ Hubaril, Ihingerioid, Jjw. B. Hunt, Hunter. Jo <4ph R.
Ingcisoil. J.nnes II. Johnson, Andrew John>on, George
\V. Joih'h, Keunedv, hiuucl P. King, Pn'.^lon King, Leake,
t>eib. Lewis, Levin, Lumpkin, MrCloan, ATericiland,
Mr-Conwll, James McDowell, MeGiiughey, Mellvaine,
M«'Ka\, John P. Martin, Barkley Martin, Morris, Monlton,
Niven, Owen, Pendleton, Pollock, Kani.-ey, Ralhiuin, Iteid,
Kittrr, Jnliu-j Hockwell, John A Rockwell, Ru'-hHI, Savv-
tellc, J^.iwver, Sc-ainmon, tfchenck, Seaman, Seddon, Sev-
••laii'M',Simpson, Truni.m Smith. Thomas Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Sfiukweathei, Stewart, St. John. Stiohni, Strong,
Thomawm, Bcitiamin Thomj >on, .lames Thompson, Trod-
wuy. Tnnnbo, WlttMfun, White, Williams, Wihnot, Wood
ward, WiJghr, Yelt, Young, ami Yost-~Ktf.
So tin; bill and amendment were not luid on the
table.
And the question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. BOWLIN,
Mr. YELL offered the following as an amend-
ment to the amendment:
Stiike out <*8 and insert $5 per diem, and insert
for everv twenty miles of tiavel to and from the
seat of Government—
be it further macted, That from the year
eighteen hundred and fifty the seat of Government
of the United States shall be, and is hereby, loca-
ted and established near the city of St. Louis, in the
State of Missouri, upon the township of land grant-
ed by the State of Missouri to the Federal Gov-
ernment for that purpose, whenever Congress shall
signify its acceptance.
Mr. BOWLIN accepted the amendment as a
modification of Ins amendment.
Mr. YANCEY moved that it be laid on the ta-
ble, (though the reporter thinks it was not heard
by the Speaker.)
Mr. G. W. JONES moved to amend the amend
ment, by striking out the words " near the city of
St. Louis," and inserting " Jeffersonville, in the
State of Indiana."
Mr. J. said that whenever the seat of Govern-
ment was removed, he desired that this should be
its location.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired of the Speaker
whether it would be in order to move to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion ?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. DROMGOOLE submitted the motion,which
was agreed to.
Mr.'SCHENCK asked leave to say a few words
in personal explanation.
Objections were made; and the Speaker suggest-
ed that the gentleman would have an opportunity
hereafter.
Mr. SCHENCK said, Very well; the House
would be pleased to consider this as a notice that
he wished to make a personal explanation.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
Whereupon the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. T. Smith, of Indiana, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making appro-
priations for the improvement of certain harbors
and rivers.  
Amendments were still in order, and they were
offered, as follows: , . .
By Mr. BAKER: For the improvement of the
Illinois river below the mouth of the Illinois and
Michigan canal, §75,000: by ayes 35, noes 84, re-
Je<By Mr. HOPKINS: For constructing a ship
canal from the head of steamboat navigation on the
Tennessee river, by the most direct and practica-
ble route to Baltimore, in order to make East Ten-
nessee and Western Virginia more accessible to the
United States arsenals and depots, and for com-
pensation to Professor Espy for raising the clouds
and supplying the requisite quantity of rain for
steamboat navigation thereon, a sum not exceed-
ing $50,000,000. Rejected.
By Mr. SAWYER: For the improvement of
the Maumee bay, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War, $14,000.
Mr. SCHENCIC asked leave to make an expla-
nation in relation to a matter -which took place
when he was out of the House.
Objected to. ,
Mr. SCHENCK then moved to amend the
amendment of Mr. Sawyer, by adding the words
" below the rapids." By ayes 36, noes 78, re-
jected.
And the question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Sawyer, the vote stood ayes 38, noes
64.
No quorum voting,
A second count was taken, and the vote stood,
ayes 38, noes 83.
So the amendment was rejected.
By Mr. BUFFINGTON': For the improvement
of the Alleghany river for steamboat navigation,
$100,000. Rejected.
By Mr. J. P. MARTIN: For the improvement of
Cumberland river at Smith's shoal, $25,000, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
War. Rejected.
The following item being under consideration:
" For the mrarovement of the Ohio river below
the falls, at Louisville, and of the Mississippi,
Missouri, and Arkansas rivers, §240,000;"
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to amend it, by adding,
" $50,000 thereof to be expended in the improve-
ment of the Mississippi above the mouth of the
Missouri."
Some conversation followed between Mr. JA-
COB THOMPSON and Mr. TIBBATTS.
Mr. 1'B.ICE moved to amend the amendment,
by adding, " and $100,000 for the improvement of
the Missouri river." Rejected.
Mr. YELL moved to amend the amendment by
adding, " that the residue of the amount be applied
to the improvement of the Arkansas river. Re-
jeeted
By Mr. COBB, (suggestion:) That the State of
Arkansas be appointed residuary legatee. Not
entertained.
Mr. PRICE moved to amend the amendment
by striking out the words " the mouth of the Mis-
souri river." Rejected.
And then, by ayes 73, noes 52, the amendment
of Mr. Tibbatts was agreed to.
Mr. HENLEY desired to move an amendment
striking out the item of appropriation for the Louis-
ville and Portland canal, and inserting a provision
which was not read.
The CHAIRMAN decided the motion to strike
out this item was not in order, that portion of the
bill having been already acted on.
Some conversation followed, of which the re-
porter knows nothing.
Mr. HENLEY. I cannot hear anything the
Chair says, but 1 suppose it is all right.
By Mr. C. B. SMITH: For the improvement of
the Wabash river, $50,000. Rejected.
By Mr. LA SERE: For a breakwater and har-
bor at Port Pontchartrain in Louisiana, §20,000.
Rejected.
By Mr. HARMANSON: And that the engineer
