524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 18,
The SPEAICER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio desire to make a personal explanation? If
he does, he has the risrht to pioceed.
Mr. THURMAN." I do not rise to make a per
sonal explanation, for there is nothing m what
has occurx-ed that concerns me personally; and, of
course, I cannot ask to be heard 011 that ground.
But a difficulty has occurred between two of my
colleagues, winch I wish to see reconciled.
[Cries of "Proceed "Go 011!" and the House
unanimously consenting]— j
Mr. THUUMA.N proceeded. When the ap-
1'ie.ii of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Baker] !
was pending in committee, I addressed an inquiry |
to the Chair, to ascertain if I understood correctly j
the action of the chairman and the committee; for, j
if 1 did,it seemed to me to be clear that the appeal '
was out of order. I luid not then heard the whole
of the amendment offered by my colleague, [Mr.
.Fries,] and did not know that it contained the
name of, or alluded to, any person whomsoever.
.Neither had I heard the question wlneh it appears
that my colleague on my right [Mr. Sciienck] put
to the mover of the amendment, nor the reply of the
latter; and, not knowing that any individual was
personally concerned in the matter, my sole object^
was to make a point of order as to the appeal of
the gentleman from Illinois. Had 1 known the
i'acts°of the case, I would ha\e endeavored then to
brill" about a correction of the misuiideisuiudni" ,
between my colleagues, instead of conlimng myself i
to the point of order. ... !
And now, Mr. Speaker, what is this dilRculty > ,
The gentleman from JNTew V ork [Air. Cr 1.vi-a l ol-
fered an amendment to provide for the improve- ,
ment of Salt river, 111 the State of New Hampshire. |
it was evidently a playful hit at the Democracy, I
and was so taken. Having been disposed of, my j
colleague on my right [Mr. ScHENtKj offered, as j
1 am informed, all amendment to provide for the j
completion of the Cumberland road. ^ To that
amendment my other colleague oll'ered his amend-
ment—an amendment that I feel sure was intended
simply as a jest, and it is quite probable that the ,
ulea of inverting 111 it the iianie^ of my colleague ,
[Air. Schesck] grew out of the lact that it was to
he offered as au amendment to his proposition. I ]
do not know how tins was, for I speak of my own ,
accord merely, and without consultation with either
of the gentlemen. But knowur; them both, 1 do
not believe that any insult could have been intend-
ed. Why my colleague, who oll'ered the amend-
ment, did"imt "explain his motive, when questioned
by my colleague 011 my liiiht, 1 do not know. It ;
may be that lie supposed the question was put to
him 111 a tone or maiinci that pi'vluded his reply- ,
Li"' to it by an explanation. Whether such an
idea, if entertained by him, was coirect, 1 cannot
tell, as I did not hear the question asked, 01 see lay
colleague when he asked u. But 1 ieel certain that
there must have been some such idea 111 the maid
of my colleague from the Columbiana district [Air.
Vines] when he answered the question as he did.
Believing, then, ^5i". Speaker, that the difficulty
bctweeu'these gentlemen would be honorably set-
tled were an explanation to take place, I beg to
suggest, as the 1'iiend of both, and without consult-
ation with either, that my colleague on my riiilit
withdraw the petsonal remark he has just made,
and that an explanation be had. He must see
that, until those lemarks be withdrawn, there can
be 110 explanation.
Mr. BAKER rose to make an explanation,
which was personal, 111 just the same sense as that
made by the gentleman from Oluo, [Mr. Tnun-
ma>;.] He had heard the amendment, oll'ered by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. 1: rigs] with gieat
ie"Tet, and was now much pleased to hear .vlr.
Thuuman express his opinion that it was not in-
tended as a personal reflection 011 his friend, [Mr.
St'HEXCK.] This, however, is the expression oi the
individual opinion of Mr. 1., and not odeied foi
his colleague, [Mr. Fries.] He desired to express
the hope, that, as the. slightest reflection must sug-
gest the propriety of ail explanation, it would be
m<u]c promptly and frankly by the gentleman who
offered the objectionable amendment, it appeared
<o him that it* it was offered, as was said, jocularly,
it was due to the House and the gentleman impli-
cated that it should be so explained by authority.
He rose to express this hope; and he would only
say furthei, that, like the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Thttrman,] he had but expressed his indi-
vidual wish and opinion, and that he did not ad-
dress the House on the part of his friend, [Mr.
Schejcck,] or in consequence of any consultation
with him upon the subject.
The question then recurred first on concurring
in the amendments of the committee.
Such amendments as are not hereinafter men-
tioned, were concurred in without a division.
Mr. BOYD put an inquiry to the Chair, which,
so far as it could be heard "by the reporter, was,
whether, under the rule recently adopted, it would
be in order, after the amendments had been agieed
to separately, to take up the bill regularly, and call
for a vote on these items.
There was great noise in the Hall.
The SPEAKER said, if gentlemen would pay a
little more attention, and would keep better order,
the matters befoie the flouse could he much more
satisfactorily understood by them.
The SPE'AK&R continued: The Chair will take
this opportunity to make an explanation in repaid
to the operation of the new rule. But first, with
the indulgence of the House, the Chair will have
the rule read.
And it was rend, as follows:
"That upon the engrossment of any bill making
'appropriations of money for works of internal
' improvement of any kind or description, it shall
4 be 111 the power of any member to call for a divi-
' sion of the question, so as to take a separate vote
i 4 of the House upon e.u h item of improvement or
j " appropriation contained in t-aid bill, or upon such
, ' itfiiis separately, and others collectively, as the
1 ' member making the call may specify; and if one-
' fifth of the members present second said call, it
1 ' shall be the duty of the {Speaker to make such
'divisions of the question, and put them to vote
' ae,< ordin^ly."
The SiV.AKER continued: The Chair consi-
ders the bill under consideialion a bill for internal
impio\enients oI'moiiic kind or character. It comes,
tiu.-iefore, within the rule.
In the next place, the Chair rules, that when the
bill come.s to be engrossed, any gentleman may-
call for a division on any one item, if one-fifth
of the members shall second the motion, the divi-
sion will be ordered, and then, as usual, the yeas
and nays may, on the demand of one-fifth, be also
ordered.
A* regarded the point raised by Mr. BOYD'—
The SPEAKER (yielding his first impression
as to the. effect of the rule) said, after reflection
and after consultation with experienced members,
(for there are no precedents to refer to,) the Speaker
is of opinion that when the bill comes up on the
question of engrossment, it will be competent to
call for a division, and to take a vote upon amend-
ments now being acted upon.
Some further 1 unv eiScMion on the construction of
! the rule followed, m which Messrs. HAMLIN, P.
, KIA'Cv. G. W. JONES, and the SPEAKER, par-
| tk'ipated.
; The House then proceeded with the main ques-
tion.
! On concurring in the amendment appropriating
! $5,000 for the removal of obstructions at the Crook,
! 111 the harbor of Providence.
| Mr. BOYD asked the yeas and nays, which
I were oideixd, and, being taken, resulted as fol-
1 lows:
| YKAS—Messi!:. Abbott, John Cl. Adams, Arnold, A^lnmui,
j BftUor. Bowlin, Biodhoad, Miilon Biown, BufTmgton, VVil-
, ham W Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, Cathcart,
! John C. Chapman, Chipman, Cocke, Collamer, Constable,
i Ctiinslon, Cio/„er, Culver, Cunningham, Darragh, Ganett
1 Davis, Delano, De Mott, Diilinghain, Dixon, Dunlap, John
■ ii Evvunr, Edwin IF. Ewnnr, Enran, Foot, Fostei, Gen-
tly, oiddnig>, Goodyear, Gnder, GrinncH, Hampton,
' Harper, Hurnek, Eha^ B. Holme1-:. Hough, John W. Hon—
1 ton, Samuel D. Uubbaid, U'a'-himrton Hunt, James B. Hunt,
; Charles J. fiigeinol!, Jo-epb 11. Jngeitnll, Jenkins Daniel
i P. Kin:;, Lesb, Lcwirf. .Levin, McClelland, McGaughey,
I Melinite, Melivan.e. M.u-h, Miller. Mo-elev, Niven, Pen-
■ dleton, PoUrx-j;, Rain-e;., liatlilmu, ttelte, Julius Rockwell,
■ John Rockwell, Uu riehenek, Seaman, Severance,
J Tinman Smith, Albeit Smith, C J* Smith. Starkweather,
i Stewait, tit. J'din, Sirohin, Stiong, Sykes, Thihodeaux,
i TiKMia-evm, Benjamin Thompson, James Thompson, Tih-
j hwll>, Tiidcn, Tiumbo, Vinton, Wcntwoith, White, Win-
! throp. Wood, Woodwoith, Wright, and Young—9H.
j NAYri—Mews. Stephen Adams, {Anderson, Atkinson,
I Buuiiiacr, Ba\l\, Bedingir, Bell, Benton, Bigg.--, Jamcb
! Clack, Jame> A. 131,lek, Boyd, Bimkeilioif, Bioekenbrough,
! William G fsiowi, Unit, Reuben Chapman, Chase. Claike,
! Cobb. Collm. Cullmn, Cdumnn-., Daniel, Darsjan, Jefi'eison
' Davi^, Dobbin. Dockeiv, Douglass, Diomgoole, Ellswoith,
i Xh-dmai), Fieklm, Gaivm, Gordon,'Giaham, Giover, Ham-
I hn, I-jaim.in^oii, fkniev, Hilhaid, Hoge, Hopkins, George
: S. Hou-toa, Edmund \V. Iluhaid. Hungerford, Tluntei, J.
II 1-1. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, GeoVfje W.
il Jones, Seaborn Jones, Lawrence, Leake, La Seie, Ligon,
I Lumpkin, Maclay McClean, McClernand, MeConnell,
I Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell, McKay, John P.
1 Martin, Baiklev Martin, Moulion, Owen, Parrish, Payne,
■ PorviH, Perry, Phelps, Price, Reid, Rhett, Ritter, Roberts,
Sawtelle, lawyer, Seainmon, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson,
' Ftanton, Jacob Thompson, Tiedway, Wheaton, Wick,
i William*, Wilmot, Woodward, Yancey, Yell, and Yost—
; 94.
So the amendment was concurred in.
On the amendment appropriating $15,000 for re-
moving obstructions in Newark bay—
Mr.'G. W. JONES asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John a. Adams, Arnold, Ashmun, Ba-
kci Bowlin, Brodhend, Buffington, Win. W. Campbell,
John II. Campbell, Carroll, Cathcart, John G. Chapman,
Ohipnum, Cocke, Collamer, Constable, Cranston, Crozier,
Oulvei, Cunnirmham, Danaah, Garrett Davis, Delano, Do
Mott Divon, Douglass, Ellsworth, John H. Ewing, Foot,
Foster. Garvin, Gentrv, Giddinffs, Giles, Goodyear, Grider,
Gnnnell. Hampton, ilarper, Heirick, Elias B. Holmes,
llou-ch, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Washington
Hunt, J. B. Hunt, Chailes J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingcrsoll,
Jenkins, Darnel P. King, Leib, l.ewis, J^evin, McClelland,
J J. McDowell, McGaimhey, MeHcnrv, Mellvaine, Marsh,
Miller, Mtwfilov, Niven, Pendleton, Pollock, Ramsey, Hath-
buu, Kelfe, Juinis Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Russell,
Saw'jer, Sciienck, Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith,
Albeit Smith, Caleb B Smith, Robert Smith, Stewart, St.
John, Stiolnn, Strong, Sykes, Thibodeaux, Tbomasson,
Benj. Thompson, James Thompson, Tiiurman, Tibbatts,
Tild«*n, Trumbo, Vinton, Wentworth, White, Wmthrop,
"Woodwoith, Wright, and Young—97.
XAVS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bayly, Bed-
imjer, Bell, Benton, Bines James Black, James A. Black,
Bovd, nHnkerhoir, Broekenbrough, Wrn. G. Biown, Burt,
Reiibeu Chapman, "Chase, Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Cullom,
Cummins, Daniel, Dargan, Jefterson Davis, Dillingham,
Dobbin, Dockery, Dromsoolc, Erdmati, Edwin H. Ewing,
Fman, Ficklin, Gordon,Giaham, Grover, I-Iamlin, Harman-
Miu, Hoge, Hopkins, George S. Houston, Edmund W. Hub-
ard, Hunijeribid, James II. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, An-
dtew Jolm-on, (ieou;e W Jones Seaborn Jones,Lawrence,
Leake, La Sere, Ligon, Jaimpkin, Maclay, McClean, Mc-
Clernand, Mct'omiell, James McDowell, McKav, John P.
Mai mi. Barklev Martin, Monlton, Owen, Pamsh, Payne,
Pentll, Pciry, Phelps. Piiee, Reid, Rhett, Ritter, Sawtelle,
Seammon, Seddon, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas
Smirh, Stanton, Sf ukweather, Jacob Thompson, Tredway,
Wheaton, Wick, Williams, Wilinot, Woodward, Yancey,
Yell, and Yost—b9.
So the amendment was concurred in.
On the amendment appropriating $100,000 for
the canal round the Muscle Shoals in the Tennes-
see river—
Mr. RATHBTJN asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q-uincy Adams, Arnold,
A«hmun, Baker, Bell, Blanchard, Brodhead, Milton Brown,
William W. Campbell, John II. Campbell, Carroll, John G.
Grumell, Hampton, Harper, Herrick, Hilliard, Ehas B.
Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Washing-
ton Hunt, Daniel P. Kins, Lewis McGaughey, MeHenry,
Mellvaine, Marsh, Miller, Pendleton, Pollock, Ramsey,
j Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Schenck, Seaman,
! Seveianee, Truman Smith, Albeit Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
: Stanton, Stewait, Strohm, Thomas&ou, Beig. Thompson,
j Tilden, Tiumbo, Vinton, White, Wintbrop, Wright, and
| Yoll-BS. ' ° '
! NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
| Bavlv, Bedinger, Benton, Bicgs, James Black, James A.
i Black, Bowhh,Boyd,Bnnker"hoff,Brockenbrough. William
j (3. Brown, Burt, Cathcart, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb,
I Collin, Constable, Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel,
I Dargan, Darragh, Jefferson Davis, De Mott, Dillingham,
1 kins, Hough, Edmund W. Hubard, Hungertord, James B.
: Hunt, Hunter, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James H.
Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W.
, Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kennedy, Preston King, Lawrence,
' Leake, Leib, La Seie, Ligon, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClean,
McClelland, McClernand, MeConnell, Joseph' J. MeDow-
ell, James McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Barkley
; Martin, Morris, Morse, Moulton, Niven, Owen, Parrish,
Payne, Pcrrill, Perry, Price, Uathbun, Reid, Relfe, Rhett,
Ritter, Roberts, Sawtelle, Sawyei, Seammon, Seddon,
Leonard 11. Sim5?, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
ward, Woodworth, Yancey, and Yost—1*J4.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. CROZiEil inquired of the Speaker whether
a motion to reconsider would now be in order ?
The SPEAKER said it would.
Mr. CIIOZIER inquired whether it would be
considered at this time, and whether it was de-
batable ?
ibe SPEAKER replied that the motion was not
debatable, but would be considered at this time,
Mr. CliOZTER then moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment appropriating $5,000
for the removal of obstructions at the Crook, in the
