1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
harbor of Providence, Rhode Island, had been
concurred in.
The yeas and nays were asked, and ordered;
and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. -Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
Barrmger, BayJy, Bedingfir, Bell, Benton, Biggs, James
Biack, James A. Black, Boyd, -Brockeabrougli, Milton
Brown, Burt, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Cobb,
Cocke, Cqllm, Crozier, Cullom, Cummins, Dame), Jeffer-
son Davis, Dobbin, Erdman, Edwin H. Ewmg, Ficklin,
Fries,Marvin, Gentry, Gordon, Graham, Grover, Hamlui,
Harmanson, H®«e, Hopkins, George S. Houston, Edmund
W. Ilubard, Hungert'ord, James Br Hunt, Hunter, James H.
Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Jones, Seaborn Jones, Preston King, Lawrencc, Leake,
La Sere, Li<ron, Lumpkin. MeCiean, McClernand, MeCon-
nell, James McDowell, McHenry, McKay, John P. Martin,
Barkley Martin, Morse, Moulton, Owen, Parrisli, Payne,
Perry, Phelps, Price, llcid, Rho'tt, Ritler, llobfits, Saw-
telle. Sawyer, Scammon, Seddon, Leonard H. Sims, Simp-
son,Thomas Smith, Stanton, Jacob Thompson, Tredway.
Whcaton, Wick, Williams, Wihnot, Woodward, Wngtat,
Yancey, Yell, and Yost—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John duincey Adams, Arnold,
Aslimun, Baker, Blanchard, Bowlin, BrinkcrliotF, Brodhead,
Buflinsjtori, Wm. W. Campbell, John II Campbell, Carrol!,
Cathcart, John G. Chapman, Chipman, Collamer, Constable,
Cianston, Culver, Cunningham, Dargan, Dan agh, Garrett
Davis, De Mott, Dillingham, Dixon, Doekciy, pouclass,
Dromifoole, Dunlap, Ed^all, Ellsworth, John H. Ewimr,
Foot, Foster, Gidding^, Giles, Goodyear, Gader, Grnmell,
Hampton, Henley, flernck, Eiias B. Holmes, Hough,
John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Washington Hunt,
Charles J. JngersolJ, Joseph R. Ingersoil, Jenkins, Ken-
nedy, Daniel P. King, Leib, Lewis, Levin, McClelland,
Joseph J. McDowell, McGaughey, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Mil-
ler, MoselRV, Niven, Ppndleton, Pcrnll, Pollock, Ramsey,
Rathbun, Rell'e, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Rus-
sell, Schenck, Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Albeit
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Starkweather, Stew-
art, St. John, Strohm, Strong, Sykes, Thibodeauv, Thom-
asson, Benjamin Thompson, James Thompson, Thurman,
Tibbatts, Tilden, Truinbo, Vinton, Wentworth, Wlnte,
Wialhrop, Wood, Woodwotth, and Young—102.
So the vote was not reconsidered.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 19, 1846.
Mr. BAGBY presented the memorial of the ad-
ministrator of Jacob Houseman, praying indem-
nity for properly destroyed by the Seminole In-
dians during the Florida war; which wuh referred
to the Committee of Chums.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of Ed ward
Hardy, praying th.'it certain duties illegally exact-
ed by the collector of the port of New \ ork may
be refunded; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of the
heirs and legal representatives of C. Oakley,pray-
ing a pension for his services; which was inferred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mi.SEMPLE presented the memorial of citi-
zens of Union county, Illinois, praying the estab-
lishment of a national armory at Fort Massac, on
the Ohio river, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Military A flairs.
Mr. DIX presented a,remonstrance of citizens
of Cayuga county, New York, against the renewal
of a patent heretofore granted to Jetliro Wood, lor
an improvement in the construction of the plough;
which was laid on the tabic.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of George
Trull, praying tne reimbursement of certain duties
illegally exacted by the collector of the port ot
New York; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. STURGEON, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, reported a hill for the
relief of Oliver C. Harris; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce, to
whom was referred a memorial of citizens of Phil-
•    • i iv.avbe admitted tree ot
:'om the further con-
sideration of the memorial, and that the same be
adelphia, asking that steel may b„ .
dutv, asked to be discharged from the further con
sidoration of the memorial, and that the same b<
referred to the Committee on Finance; winch was
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, submitted an adverse report upon the
netition of J. Melville Gilliss.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
T nnH«? renorted a joint resolution to provide for the
jmblicatkmof a co'de of land laws aild instrucUons;
which was read, and passed to a second leading.
Mr DIX. from the Committee on Commeice,
submitted the following resolution, m which the
concurrence of the Senate was asked:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to communicate to the Senate all the informa-
tion in the bureaus connected with the" Depart-
ment of War in relation to the relative capacities
of the harbors between Erie and Buffalo, on Lake
Erie, of being made ports of refuge for vessels
compelled to seek a harbor by stress of weather,
with the plans of improvement which have been
made, together with the estimates of expenditures
necessary to execute such plans, the sums of mo-
ney heretofore expended, the condition of the work
already performed, and any other data by which
an accurate opinion may be formed as to the most
prompt and economical method of securing a port
of refuge on that part of Lake Erie above refer-
red to. .
Mr. ALLEN desired the Senator from New
York to explain the purport of his resolution.
Mr. DIX, in reply, stated the resolution was
merely one of inquiry into the capacity of the har-
bors on Lake Erie, between Erie and Buffalo, for
ports of entry, their present condition, &c.
Mr. ALLEN expressed the hope that the in-
quiry would be extended to all the harbors of Lake
Erie on the American side, and tdso the bays.
He had an especial reference lo theMaumce river,
substantially a bay of Lake Erie. He presumed
there could be no objection to embrace the other
harbors; which equally demanded an inquiry.
Mi. DIX had no objection to the amendment,
but suggested that the object desired by the gentle- j
man from Ohio might be attained by the adoption I
of another resolution. The two harbors referred !
to in the resolution he had reported, had sustained i
injury from the recent storms, and it was necessa- ;
ry that something should be done for them. He
presumed the Senator from Ohio would find all the '
information called for ill his amendment in the doc-
umonts accompanying the PieMdent's Message. J
Mi. CASS suggested that the resolution should
lie over; which was agreed to.
THE I.Uier. ON THE SENATE. I
Mr. JARNAGIN observed that there was doubt (
in the minds of some whether the recommendation (
contained in the report of the special committee, '
appointed to investigate the charge of corruption
made against the Senate by the Times" of this ;
city, had been canied into cO'cot; and for the pur-
pose of removing all such doubts, he submitted the
following resolution:
"Resolved, That It. H. Robinson, the editor, and
.T. E. Dow, the, publisher, of the ' Daily Times,'
together with the reporters for that print, be ex-
pelled and excluded from the reporters' gallery of
the Senate chamber."
Mr. DICKINSON said it would be reollected
that on Monday last, when the report of the cora-
i mittee was under consideration, and while the Sen-
! ,-iic was discussing the propriety of expelling the
! publishers and reporters of the " Times'1 newspa-
i per, (the propriety of which heat that time, doubt-
! ed,) he stated, in a moment of extreme eharityand
i indulgence, that he did not believe those gentlemen
! had been actuated by any improper motives, Imt
that they had been imposed upon. He had sup-
posed that, finding themselves in the wrong, they
■ would have made the ictraction that was due to
i themselves, to the Scmiu, and lo the cause of truth.
; So far from having done so, however, they had re-
i pented the. charge-) in that paper of Monday and of
| yesterday. He now rose merely to say that, hav-
} mg heretofore given a favorable construction to
| their conduct, and that construction having been
falsified by themselves, he now preferred to adopt
| the construction which they had themselves given
I by their subsequent conduct, rather than rely upon
I his own, which did not seem to have been projier-
I ly appreciated. The good feeling which lie sought
; to extend to them had certainly not been recipro-
[ cated bv them.
; Mr. MANGUM observed that it seemed to him
quite unnecessary to adopt a distinct resolution
upon this subject; for he understood that the report
itself recommended the same thing which was pro-
posed by the resolution, and that report, contrary
to the general practice of the Senate, had been,
upon the vote of the Senate, unanimously con-
curred in. The duty, therefore, devolved upon
the presiding officer of the Senate to order the
Scro-eunt-at-Arms to exclude from, the reporters'
crallerv the editors and reporters of that paper. He
hoped his honorable friend from Tennessee would
withdraw his resolution; for he was sure it was
only through inadvertence that the honorable Sen-
ator had supposed it necessary.
Mr. JARNAGIN said that, if the presiding of-
ficer felt authorized,-under the report itself, to act
in the matter, he would cheerfully withdraw the
resolution. He had proposed it merely to obviate
what he supposed to be a £oubt in regard to the
^he" PRESIDING OFFICER said the order
had been issued two or three days ago.
Mr. MANGUM said he was not aware that
the Sergeant-at-Arms had executed the order, nor
did he see him now present in the Senate Cham-
ber. If it were not executed, he would only say
that that officer would be held to strict personal
and official accountability for the neglect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER was understood to
say that he was informed that it had been executed.
The resolution was then withdrawn.
EXPENDITURES OF THE GOVERNMENT.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the resolution submitted on Monday, the 16th in-
stant, by Mr. Yulee, inquiring'into the general
expenditures of the Government.
Mr. JARNAGIN said that he was under the
impression that all the information sought by the
resolution had been given according to law, in the
annual reports from departments. He did not
doubt that the Senator from Florida, [Mr. Yulef.,]
had a good and substantial reason for offering the
resolution, but it seemed to him that all the infor-
mation required by the resolution had been already
received in the reports from the various depart-
ments, and might be obtained without the expense
which the adoption of the resolution would involve.
It would require a volume of 500 to 1,000 pages,
and could not be printed during the present ses-
sion, ex en if it could bo piepared.
A SENATOR. It will be two years before it
can be received.
Mr. YULEE replied, that the information was
important, and worth the time, trouble, and ex-
pense which it would require. It must be had
at some time or other, and the sooner the better.
It whs true that Senators might, by great labor
and much research among old documents, compile
tabular statements of the aggregate expense of the
various departments, us called for by the resolu-
tion; but the object in obtaining the information
was, to show that the expenses of the General
Government had been steadily on the increase for
many years past, and that the increase of labor
performed was not proportionably great. The
information might be condensed; but even should
it extend to a volume of 700 pages, it would not
cost more than the Patent Office report, which was
now before the Senate. The people would then
be able at a glance to see, when they were aggre
gated, the immense sums which had been expend-
ed, and the amount of service which had been ren-
dered. The number of servitors had enormously
increased, and the people would hold those who
had thus increased them to a rigid responsibility.
The service rendered bore no proportion to the sums
which had been expended. He desired this infor-
mation for the purpose of showing the necessity
of retrenchment, and therefore wished the statis-
tics called for to be given under official sanction,
that none might contradict them, or doubt then-
accuracy.
Mr. JARNAGIN, in reply, observed that lie
did not doubt the importance of the information
called for; but his objection was, that the whole of
it might be found in the several • annual reports
made to Congress. If there was any particular
item of information called for in the resolution
which is not given in those documents, there might
be good reason to call for that; but he did not think
that the President should be called upon to make
a compilation of facts already pfesented in the an-
nual reports. He admitted the importance of the
information, but as we have it, it appeared to him
unnecessary to add to the mass of volumes which
have now multiplied upon us to a burdensome ex-
tent.
Mr. CASS submitted a few remarks in opposi-
tion to the resolution, which, if adopted, would
take up a great deal of the time of the depart-
ments, would entail an enormous expense, and
was entirely unnecessary. The report would
make a book probably of 1,000 pages, and give
nothing more • than is already contained in our
printed documents.
