526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
Mr. EVANS observed that a great deal of the
information sought for by the resolution could be
obtained from sources now within the reach of the
Senate, and a great deal of it would be perfectly-
useless when obtained. It might be very well for
a person who was going to write a history of the
country, but to the Senate it would give 110 sort of
information worth one%fartlnng. With regard to
the comparative amount of expenditure at different
periods, no useful or practical information could
be derived from the mere statement of the expendi-
tures of those periods, without taking into consid-
eration the circumstances under which those ex-
penditures were made. Everybody was aware
that our military expenditures for the last ten years
had been very great, in consequence of the Florida
war. , The military expenditure for the period be-
tween the years 1796 and 1806 would compare
very unjustly and unfavorably with that of other
periods. The matter could not begot at in that
way. The better way would be to instruct our
Secretary to select from the public documents such
information as the Senator had it in \ icw to ob-
tain, rather than impose upon the departments of
the Government the labor and consequent expense
of preparing it, by going back and searching, the
records, to do which would require the time and
attention of all the clerks of all the departments for
two yeais at least, to the exclusion of ail oilier busi-
ness. Complaints had repeatedly been made of the
extieme embarrassment experienced by the De-
partments m consequence of the frequent calls made
by Congress for information. Annual reports were
made by the Heads of Departments; those reports
were printed, and from them could be obtained all
the information requisite.
Mr. BEISTON estimated the expense of procu-
ring die iniormation sought for by the resolution as
bring fctr gtcater than the value of the information
when procured. In addition to the labor of all the
eleiks m the public departments for years, thcie
•would be the cost of paper and of printing in rule
and figure work; and, after ail was done, any per-
son who would undertake to study the work,
would find it to be of little real utility. He per-
ceived there was a book now extant comprising an
index of all the acts of appropriation which had
been passed by Congress since the formation of
the Government. Tins would enable the Senator
at once to obtain a view of the comparative expendi-
ture of different periods, from the earliest peiiod to
the present. The Senator would obtoin from this
work more full and copious information than he
could procure under his resolution.
Mr. \ ULEE said he had listened to what had
been said by the honorable Senators, but he was
still of the opinion that they could not have taken
die pains to examine the subject so carefully as he
c.ould desire that they should do. He was con-
vinced that it would not require one half the time
or expense to furnish the information sought for
by this resolution that would be required by the
first resolution of inquiry which was offered and
which passed the Senate at the present session of
Congress. He hoped the resolution would not be
rejected on the score of the expense it would occa-
sion, for he believed that the expense was great-
ly overrated. The great object he had in view
was, to obtain in a collected form this information,
which Senators seemed to regard as so unimport-
ant, but which he must still be permitted to con-
sider as of very great importance. He wished the
information, in an authoritative shape, as to what
were the expenditures of this Government at the
different periods of its existence. Me believed
that retrenchment was called for by the extrava-
gant expenditures of the Government—by its ad-
mitted extravagance in many particulars. He
would prefer that the resolution should not be final-
ly acted on until time was allowed him to make
some further inquiries as to the labor it would re-
quire, and the expense of printing.
The resolution was then informally passed by,
and it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. ALLEN gave notice that, on Monday next,
after the expiration of the hour set apart for the
transaction of the morning business, he would ask
the Senate to go into Executive session; and he
would state that there was a matter connected with
the Executive business of the Senate which would
require its action within four or five days. It was
a matter of importance, which he was not now at
liberty to name, and he only alluded to it, that the
Senate might not be taken by surprise by the mo-
tion which he intended to make.
Mr. ASHLEY said that, as the Senator from
Ohio had alluded to the necessity for an Executive
session on Monday, he would observe that there
was a matter which imperatively called for an Ex-
ecutive session to-day. It was for the purpose of
coireeling a mistake which had been made at the
last Executive session.
Mr. ALLEN said he, of course, had no objec-
tion to an Executive session this day; but the mat-
ter to which he had reference, as requiring atten-
tion within a few days, was a special matter,
distinct from the ordinary Executive calendar.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the spccial oider, being the joint resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Ai.lkv, df. amended by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, pioposing to give notice
to the British Government of' the intention of the
Go\oimnent of the United Stales to abrogate the
convention for the joint occupancy of the Oregon
territory; the resolutions of Messrs. Hannegan,
Calhoun, Ciuttexden-, and Coluhtt; and the
joint resolution of the House of Representatives on
the same subject.
The question being on the substitute proposed
by Mr. Crittenden,
Mr. JN'iLES addressed the Senate for about
two hotus, in a very low tone of voice. He was
understood to say that bo was not about to show
that the United States had no title to the Oregon
territory, or that, it'we have a good title, we "are
too weak to sustain it. Nor was he about to act
under the dictate of the Baltimore convention; and
he expressed great legiet that such an authority
should have boon introduced into tins discussion
for the purpose of influencing the, course of any
member of the Senate. It ought never to have
been introduced here, as the basis for the action of
the Government on a question of such grave im-
portance; because, if wc arc to be so unfortunate
as to become involved m a war on this ground,
it would be hereafter alleged that we involved our-
selves m consoquoncc of the resolution of a mere
paity convention, and were thus engaged in a
more party war. It was not competent to that
body to attempt an intei fcrence with the constitu-
tional authorities of the country. War was too
sacred a subject to be meddled with for party pur-
poses.
He then reviewed the action of the Executive
in seeking the advice of Congress on the subject.
Allagiucd in wishing this matter brought to an
end; and the only difference of opinion seemed to
be as to the mode in which it should be accom-
plished. It had become a question whether or not
it was expedient for us to do anything on the sub-
ject, to take any action at all, when it was in the
hands of the Executive where it exclusively be-
longed. Could we do anything which would have
the effect of strengthening the Executive arm, and
furthering the object all have in view ? It seemed
to be the opinion of the Executive that we could
do something, and he has accordingly laid before
us several recommendations, among which is the
giving him authority to notify the British Govern-
ment of the termination of the convention of joint
occupancy. He (Mr. JNiles) had at one time be-
lieved the whole Senate would concur in this rec-
ommendation. But now there seemed to be some
doubt even on tins point. Some Senators had in-
timated that, under some circumstances, it might
possibly happen that they might be induced to
vote for a notice in some form. He would like
to be informed what would be the views of these
Senators, as to the final disposition of the matter,
if nothing was done by Congress. How, m that
case, could the dispute be brought to a close?
Some trusted to the eiftcacy of time. What length
of time would they require ? During twenty-eight
years, we had made no progress towards a termi-
nation. Various propositions had been made by
our Government, and as often rejected; and the
very last rejection by Great Britain was accompa-
nied by a modest hope that something more just
and satisfactory would be offered by us. He, for
one, regarded this as a vain hope, if it had refer-
ence to further concessions on our part.
It had been asked why we should arm the Ex-
ecutive with this power of giving notice? What,
good was it to effect? What was to be its issue?,
and what course was to be pursued after the notice
had been given ? These were proper questions in
themselves. It would not be wise to enter on such
important measures without looking to the end.
The Senator from Maine [Mr. Evans] had re-
marked, that if there was any probability of the
passage of this resolution breaking ufj the pacific
relations between the two countries, it would be
well not to take the first step. All this is very well.
1 think so to; and perhaps this is a point at which
we have not looked sufficiently. It is a fair argu- *
ment that we should look ahead; see how far we
have to go, and what we have to do when we have
readied the point. Different opinions influence
members of tnis body. Some think it proper to
take this first step, and see afterwards what we
have to do. If we are to go on to the point of con-
itiet with Great Britain, instead of passing this no-
tice, we ought to prepare ourselves for action; such,
however, are not my views. I regard this notice
as a pence measure; as calculated to produce an
amicable termination of the matter. I have no pur-
pose to take possession of this territory by force.
I shall vote for the notice as a pacific measure,
leaving the subject open to negotiation, and con-
ducing to a peaceful issue. I believe this to be the
view of the President; and 1 have good authority
for saying, that, on this point, he has not express-
ed himself to any individual so as to authorize the
various statements made on this floor by those who
speak as if they had the ear of the Executive. His
position has always been the same—and it is to be
found in his official communications. Believing
that nothing is likely to be offered by Great Britain
which we can accept, he has sought the counsel of
Congress; and it becomes us not to take any step
which will compel the Executive to change tins
position.
Wc may reasonably fear that, in attempting to
grasp the whole of this territory, we may lose
the whole; when, instead of being a question of
j right, it shall become a question of might; when its
I possession shall be dependent, not on title, but on
' conquest. He did not say such would be the case;
but war was always accompanied by risk. He
would, therefore, vote for the notice, as asked for
by the Executive, because he believes such a
measure will facilitate the peaceful settlement of
the dispute.
Let the convention continue, and we must gradu-
ally lose all the rights we now possess. We have
already been partially excluded from all the coun-
try north of 49°—-from the fur trade of that region—
and we have gained nothing. Considering the
present stale of things injurious to our interests,
he would vote for the notice, to which the only ob-
jection he saw was, that it might, in one view, be
regarded as the fruit of a series of measures to
obtain the territory by force.
As to the form of the notice he did not deem it
very important. He preferred that which came
from the House of Representatives, and would vote
ag8Uist all amendments to it. That proposed by
the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Colquitt] he re-
garded as altogether too supplicating.
Any change in our position would lead the
world to infer that we had been contending for
rights we had not understood, and regarding which
we had three or four times negotiated.
As to the expression of the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Breese,] that war would unite the
whole country—that there would be no peace-p&r-
ty, he held a different opinion. That gentleman
knew little of the strength of the commercial inter-
est when he said so. The peace-party was already
oiganized, and would be found so powerful and
energetic, that it might paralyze the Government,
r or himself he would prefer to take a course which
would carry all the country with it, that we may
not be brought m conflict with any of the great
interests. J ®
It was our duty to take a moderate course, and
he was willing to yield something for the purpose
of conciliating all interests. We claim the whole
title, but our claim is disputed by a great and pow-
u ^ ? been m possession, and
, who hai* her rights there. To her he would yield
something;, to.show that we are actuated by a
peaceful disposition. But he desired to see this
policy reciprocated by Great Britain. The ques-
flpnepHnf aWC have j1?1 alre dy given sufficient evi-
dence of our peaceful policy, and whether we ought
