1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
For improving the harbor at Cleveland, on Lake Erie,
twenty thousand dollars;
For improving the harbor at Huron on Lake Erie, five
thousand dollars;
For improving the harbor at Sandusky city, on Lake Erie-
eleven thousand dollars;
For improving the River Raisin harbor, on Lake Erie,
thirteen thousand dollars;
For constructing a dredge-boat to be used on Lake Erie,
twenty thousand dollars;
For the improvement of the St. Clair flats, so called, so as
to prevent their obstructing the passage of vessels from
Buffalo to the ports on Lake Michigan, forty thousand dol-
lars;
For improving the Grand River harbor, on Lake Mich-
igan, so as to give protection to vessels sailing on said lake,
ten thousand dollars;
For improving the harbor at the mouth of Kalamazoo riv-
er, on Lake Michigan, so as to give protection to vessels
sailing on said lake, ten thousand dollars;
For improving the haibor at St. Joseph, on Lake Mich-
igan, ten thousand dollars;
For improving the harbor atMichiganoity, on Lake Mich-
igan, forty thousand dollars;
For the improvement of Little Fort harbor, on Lake Mich-
igan, twelve thousand dollars;
For improving the harbor at Racine, on Lake Michigan,
fifteen thousand dollars;
For improving the harbor at Southporf, on Lake Mich-
igan, ten thousand dollars;
For improving the harbor at Milwaukie, on Lake Mich-
igan, twenty thousand dollars;
For improving the harbor at Chicago, on Lake Michigan,
twelve thousand dollars;
For constructing a dredqe-hoat to be used on Lake Mich-
igan, fifteen thousand dollius;
For improving the harbor at St. Louis, seventy-five thou-
sand dollars;
For constructing a breakwater structure at Stamford
ledge, Maine, twenty thousand dollar*;
For improving the harbor at Boston, forty thousand dol-
lars ;
For continuing the works at Bridgeport, in the State of
Connecticut, fifteen thousand dollars;
For improving the harbor at New Castle, Delaware, fif-
teen thousand dollais;
For impiovmg the harbor at Port Ponn, Delaware, five
thousand dollars;
For completing the Delaware breakwater, seventy-live
thousand dollars;
For removing the obstruction at the Crook in the harbor
of Providence in the State of Rhode Island, live thousand
dollars;
For improving the harbor at Baltimore city, twenty thou-
sand dollars;
For removing obstructions in Newark bay, in the State of
New Jeiftcy, fifteen thousand dollms ;
For improving the harbor at fiavre-do-Gi aoc, in the State
ofMaiyland, twenty thousand dollars;
For the impjovcmeut ot .Savannah harbor, ami the naval
anchoiage near Fort Pulaski, fifty thousand dollar^ ;
For the impioveinent of Great Wood Hole harboi, Massa-
chusetts, four thousand foui hnudrodand filly dollars;
For continuing the improvement of the navigation "f the
Hudson river above and helow Albany, in the Suae of New
York, s evcnty-fivo thousand dollars;
For the improvement of the Ohio nver, above the ftills, at
Louisville, eighty thousand dollar*;
For the improvement of the Ohio river, below the falls nt
Louisville, and of the Mississippi, Missouri, and Arkansas
rivers, two hundred and forty thousand dollars ;
For removing the raft of ited river, and for the improve-
ment of said river, eighty thousand dollars;
For repairs and preservation of harhot works heretofore
constructed on the Atlantic coast, twenty thousand dollar#.
Mr. PAYNE moved that the. title of the hill be
so amended as to read as follows:
« An act making appropriation for works of in-
ternal improvement within the Stales."
Mr. McCLELLAND demanded the previous
question.
There was a second. And the main question
was ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired whether it would
be in order to move to lay the amendment on the
table ?
The SPEAKER said the amendment could not be
laid on the table without taking the bill also with it.
Mr. LEAKE asked Mr. Payne to accept the fol-
lowing as a modification of his amendment:
" To commence and carry on n general system
of internal improvements by the Federal Govern-
ment."
The SPEAKER said it would not be in order,
the previous question having been ordered.
Mr. PAYJn E desired to know whether it would
be in order to add to this amendment the words
" and for other purposes?"
The SPEA KER said it would not, (for the rea-
son he had assigned.)
Mr. LEAKE asked that his proposed modifica-
tion might be read.
Mr. McCLELLAND objected.
Mr. RHETT asked the yeas and nap on the
amendment, which were ordered, and, being taken,
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, AtKinson. Barringer,
Bavly, Bedinger, Bell, Denton, Big#;?, Jaincx Black, James
A Black, Boyd, Brockenbrough, William G. Brown, Buf-
fington, Burt, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Cobb, Col-
lin, Cullom, Daniel, Dargan, Jefferson Davis, Dillingham,
Dobbin, Doekcry, Erdman, Fickhn, Graham, Grover, Ham-
lin, Haralson, Harnian^on, Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins, Geo.
S. Houston, kdmund W. Hubard, Hunter, James H. John-
son, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geoise W.Jones,
Seaborn Jones, Leake, La Sere, Maelay, McClean, MeCIer-
nand, MeConnell, McCrate, James McDowell, McKay,
John P. Martin, Barkley Martin, Morse, Moulton, Pajne,
Reid, Rhett, Hitter, Roberts, Sawtelle, Scammon, Seddon,
Alexander D. Rims, Simpson, Jacob Thompson, Tredway,
Williams, Wilmot, Woodward, Woodworth, and Yancey
—76.
".NAYS—-Messrs. Abbott, John Qumcy Adams, Arnold, ;
Ashmun, Baker, Blanchard, Bowhn. BrinkerhofT, Milton 1
Brown, William W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, '
Cathcart, John G. Chapman, Clnpman, Coelce, Constable,
Cranston, Crozier, Culver. Cunningham, Darragh, Garrett :
Davis, Delano, De Mott, Dixon, Edsiill. Ellsworth, John II.
Ewing, Faran, Foot, Foster, Pries, Garvin, Gentry, Gid- j
dings, Gden, Goodyear, Glider, Grinneli, Hampton, Harper, I
Henley, Ilerriek, Elias B. Holme*, Hough, John W. lions- I
ton, Samuel D. Hubbard. Hungerford, Washington Hunt,
James B. Hunt, Charhw J. Ini?er o]|, Joseph R Ingeraoll, ,
Jenkins, Daniel P. King, Thomas Butler King, Lawrence, ;
Leib, Lewi*, Levin, Jngon, Lumpkin, McClelland, Joseph
J. McDowell,McGaughey, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Morn.-*, Mosc-
ley, Niveu, Owen, Pendleton, Pernll, Perrv, Phelps, Pol-
lock, Price, Ramsey, Rathbun, Itelfe, Julius Rockwell,
John A. Rockwell, Russell, Saujer, Sebenek, Seaman, .
Leonard H. Suns, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Thomas
Smirh, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stark-
weather, Stewart, St. John, Stiohm, Strong, Sykes, Thoin-
n^non, Benjamin Thompson, James Thompson. Thin man,
Tibbatts, Tilden, Trunibo. Vance, Vinton, Wentworth,
Wheaton, White, Wick, Wmthrop, Wood, Wright, Yell,
Young, and Vont—U4.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LEAKE inquired whether it would be in
order to move the indefinite postponement of the
further consideration of the title >
Thf SPEAKER said it would not be in order.
And the title, as it stood, was then agreed to.
Mr. T1BBATTS moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the hill had heen passed, and de-
manded the previous question.
There was a second. The mam question was
ordered; anil, being taken, the vote was not recon-
sidered.
Mr. GENTRY moved that when (his House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being ta-
ken, were—yeas DJ, nays H7.
So the motion was agreed to.
And after an inetl'cetunl etlbit by Mr. Chapman
to give notice of a bill,
Tin; House adjourned.
PETITIONS,&c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr.McCLKRNAND ; The memorial of the Board of
Trustee* of the Protestant University of the United States,
in the State of Ohio, prayirg a grant of land to aid in the
Mipport of xaid institution: referred to the Committee on
Public Lauds.
By Mr, JOHN G. CHAPMAN : The memorial of Prnncis
Dewing, of brig Noble, of Lubee, Maine, Bethuel P. Nick-
ersoa, of brig Chatham, of Boston, and 33 other masters of
Venecia, and owners and others of vessel-?, asking for the
ercetion of alight-hoime at Rlackstone's Island, in the Poto-
mac river.
By Mr. SAWTELLK; The petition of William Hilton,
of Solon, in the county of Someiset. of the State ofMaine,
for increase of pension: referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions.
Bv Mi. JAM ES BLACK : The petition of S. Calvert Ford,
asking that hn account may he settled, and the amount paid
out by him lor the benefit of the tioops while at Carlisle,
may he refunded : referred to the Committee of Claim'".
By Mr. J. B. HUNT: The petition ot B. P. II. Wifhrrell,
and others, for an appropriation ofland-Mbr the conjunction
of a military road from Saginaw to the Straits of Mackinaw,
in the Stale of Mielugan.
By Mr. E. W. IK; BARD: The petition of William B.
Sanderson, William lludgms, Daniel Martin, Peter Jackson,
ami I0."> other citizens of Cumberland and Buckingham,
Virginia, praying for a new post-route from the village of
Trenton, on Willis's river, Cumberland county, to Colum-
bia, in the county of Fluvanna, Virginia: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
By Mr. McCI.KRNAlVD: The petition of numerous citi-
zens of Edwards county, Illinois, praying a post-route from
Evansvillo, iu Indiana, via New Harmonv, Grayvillo, Al-
bion, and Fan field, to Salem, in the State of Illinois: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. CROZIER: A memorial praying Congress to make
an appropriation to pay the Tennessee volunteers in the
service of the United Suites in 1835and 1836: referred to
the Committee of Claims.
ByMr.MOSELEY: The petition of Reuben B. Heacock
and A. M. and S. H. Grosaman, for compensation for prop-
erty destioyed by the enemy at Buffalo in 3813. Also the
petition of James Sloan for prir.e money, fur aiding in the
capture of flu- Caledonia during the war of 3812.
Bv Mr. CATHCART: The memorial of David K. Petti-
bone, and others, piaying that a donation of public lands be
made foi the completion of the Buffalo and Mississippi rail-
road: referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals. Also
of James Morgan, asking the correction of an imperfect
survey: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 23, 1846.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, show-
ing the condition of the building intended for a ma-
rine hospital at New Orleans, and the cost of com-
, pleting it; the sum paid monthly for the rent of the
! building now used, and the monthly expenses of
I the establishment; which was ordered to be printed.
| Mr. BRIGHT presented the memorial of citi-
i zena of Indiana, asking an appropriation by Con-
1 gress for the construction of a wire suspension
bridge across the Ohio river at Wheeling; which
was referred to the Committee or* .the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition of mem-
bers of the bar at PitUburg, asking that the unex-
pended appiopriation for the salary of the asso-
ciate justice of the Supreme Court for the third ju-
dicial circuit, may be divided among the several
district judges in that circuit; which was laid on
the table.
Mr. DIX presented a petition of citizens of Or-
leans county, New York, praying the abrogation
of certain treaties made with the Seneca Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of citi-
zens of the northwestern part of the State of Mis-
souri, praying the adoption of measures for termi-
nating the convention between the United States
and Great Britain relative to the Oregon territory,
and the extension of the laws of the United States
over said territory; which was laid on the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented several petitions of
I citizens of Pennsylvania, praying the adoption of
' measures for abolishing slavery in the United
I States. Amotion was made to receive the peti-
i tioiis; which motion was laid on the table.
| Mr. BREESE presented the petition of Pris-
cilla Green, widow of a deceased revolutionary
soldier, praying a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr, B. niso presented the petition of the widow
of Charles Moore, a deceased revolutionary sol-
dier, praying a pension: which was referred to
the same committee.
NATIONAL ARMORY.
Mr. B. further presented the petition of 
Goffe, and many others, citizens of Louisiana,
praying the establishment of a national armory at
Port Massac, on the Ohio river, in the State of Il-
linois.
Mr. B. said, in presenting this petition, that he
was happy to see that respectable citizens of another
State had turned their attention to the proper loca-
tion of a national armory upon the Western waters.
He said, much rivalry between adjacent States
had existed as to the proper point, regarding in its
selection great national interests and the public
wants, and it was hardly to be expected that per-
fect acooid could he had. Mr. B. said, that the
point recommended to the notice of Congress by
the memorialists was selected by a board of offi-
cers appointed by the President in 1841, composed
of General Armistead, Surgeon General Lawson,
and Colonel Long, of the topographical engineers,
who, after examining forty-eight different sites in
the valley of the Mississippi, to which their at-
tention was called by those interested in them,
decided, after mature deliberation, in favor of Fort
Massac, in the State of Illinois. Mr. B. expressed
it as his opinion, that the site recommended pos-
sessed a more happy combination of more im-
portant advantages than any other which could be
selected; and he hoped, instead of increasing the
appropriations, as was done by the last Congress,
for the armories east of the mountains, at Spring-
field and Harper's Ferry, that prompt action would
be had in establishing one at Fort Massac, in the
State of Illinois. Mr. B. called the attention of
the Senate to some extracts from the report of this
board, and commended them to the attention of the
Senate:
Department op War, October 14,1841.
In compliance with the provisions of an act of Congress
approved September 9,1841, the President directs the for-
mation of a board of officers, for the purpose of selecting a
suitable site on die Western waters for the establishment of
a National Armory.
The boaid will be composed a* follows:
Brevet Brigadier General W. K. Armistead, President.
Surgeon Genera! Thomas Lawson, ) Mem-
Jneut.Col. S.H.Long, Topographical Engineers, jbers.
William L. Henley, esq., Secretary.
