1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
588
line commonly called the Congressional reserva-
tion line, and to release to said State the proceeds
of such lands as may have been sold by the State
of Tennessee,, as the agent of the United States;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BREESE, fi-om the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to compromise the claim of
the heirs of John Smith, sen., to certain land* under
a Spanish grant; which was read, and the report
ana documents accompanying the same were or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Robert
Barclay, of Missouri; which was read, and passed
to a second reading; the accompanying report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. Y. also asked that said committee he dis-
charged from the further consideration of the reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Ohio, in relation to the
title to section 16, in township 3 north, range 1G
east, in Seneca county, Ohio, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, which was
agreed to.
_ Mr. ATCHISON, fiom the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of George Win-
gard; which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
COURTS IN FLORIDA.
Mr. YULEE moved that the prior orders be
postponed, and that tho Senate take up the bill to
establish courts of the United States, am) to pro-
vide for the due execution of the laws of the Uni-
ted States in the State of Florida; which motion
was agreed to.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole; and a substitute was moved by Mr. YU-
LEE ; which was read.
The bill proposes tho appointment of three
judges for the State of Florida; and it was sug-
gested by Mr. H. Johnson that this was an umtsuni
and undue apportionment; to which it was replied
by Mr. Westcott that a separate judge was in-
dispensable for the admiralty court, which the
interests of all the commercial cities required should
be held at Key West, for six months in every
year. It would be impossible for any judge, who
was embarrassed by the dulies of either of the
courts on the main laud, (to which access was al-
ways inconvenient, sometimes impracticable,) to
attend to the duties at Key West. Forthis reason
an additional judge was asked. The extent of the
State, and its geographical division, called for the
other two distinct courts and judges. Mr. H.
Johnson then withdrew his objection, and Mr.
Yulee was about to make some remarks, when,
the hour for the special order having arrived—
Mr. EVANS moved that the further considera-
tion of the bill be postponed, and that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the special order.
Mr. ALLEN moved as an amendment that tho
Senate proeeed to the consideration of executive,
business; which motion was agreed to.
The Senate then went into executive session,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
opened; when
A message was received from the President of
the United" States, transmitting a correspondence
between the British Minister in Washington and
the Secretary of State, containing an arrangement
for the adjustment and payment of the claims of
the rcspcctivc Governments upon each other, ari-
sing from the collection of certain impost, duties in
violation of tho second article of the commercial
convention of the 3d July, 1815, between the two
countries, and submitting to Congress 1 he, propriety
of making provision to carry this arrangement
into effect.
The message was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March, 23, 1846.
The Journal of Friday (without being read
through) was approved.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the States m
their order for petitions.
Mr. R. CHAPMAN, on leave, gave notice of a
bill to relinquish to the State of Alabama the ex-
clusive right to the canal works at the iVIuscle and
Colbert's Shoals, on the Tennessee river, and to
grant to said State, to carry on and complete the
same, all the unsold landsof the United States with-
in the Huntsville land district, and so much of that
in the Coosa land district as was acquired by the :j
treaty of 1835 from the Cherokee Indians.
TWO REGIMENTS OF RIFLEMEN.
_ Mr. HARALSON rose (lie' said) to submit a mo-
tion, of which he had given notice a week ago,
that the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, with a view to
take up the bill reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs for the organization of two regi-
ments of riflemen. And he notified tho House,
that when that bill was disposed of, he should fol-
low this motion up with one to take up the other
bills reported from the same committee.
Mr. UIUNKERHOFF asked the yeas and nays
on the motion to go into committee, but subse-
quently withdrew the call.
Mr. BROOll EAD suggested that the committees
should be called for reports, some eight or ten days
having elapsed since they had had an opportunity
of presenting them.
The SPEAKER said that to-morrow morning
the regular business would be the call of the com-
mittees for reports.
Mr. miOnilEAD then gave notice that, if the
motion of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Har-
alson] should not prevail, he would mo', e to go
into committee on the bill in relation to the licen-
sing of canal boats.
Tho question having been then taken, the vote
stood a) en 08, noes 47.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS made an inefleetu.il effort to pre-
sent a petition.
The. House resolved itself into Committee of tin-
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. McKvr,
of North Carolina in the chair,) and took up the
bill to raise two regmiems of riflemen, and for other
purposes.
The bill was then read, as follows:
J>'r il t'nnrlrtl hy the St'rhdi' taul Il'llltf of llt'pi ("Cululu fi
nf Hie I'itU'il n/'i, .■..(/ i.'t'ii.il,
til ati.titum In ttie |>ieM'iu inilitaiy e^tiibtMunent el" lite t1 lu-
ted Htnt''*.. lllt'ie tie 1 .n*eit, by vnliiutarv enlistment, two u <ji~
nil nt* iifrilleinnt, eiti/eliH (il the (nule'I .Kt.ue-s id scive lor
the term nf lluee year*, mi!'1-- i divehaijffd.
Skf;. y. .'7m? he i'i furlhi'i ouvlC'l, Thai each i eminent ..liaif
oont4f4 of one eo'mie], one lieutenant colonel,'one m,i|or,
one uitjutuut with the rank of lii'M lieutenant, one Kerireaut-
uuij.it, one qimrti'riiia.ler-sergeniit, two principal musician?,
nail ten eluiipanie*; each eoinpaiiytoconsi*tot'onc captain,
oae liral lieutenant, one Kceomt lieutenant, fimr sergeants,
lour corporals, two umMCuin*, and •axty-four private*, who
ftuill tie entitled to ttie pnmn pay and allowances an arc or
limy tie given to the infantry ot theauny, and shall he subject
to the rule:, and articles ol' war.
See. :t .'hi-1 hr il further cimctctl, That ttie President of the
United Hint"!'', hy and with ttie advice and consent, of the
Helinte, ii tHTetiy authorized to appoint nil llie oliicers propur
to tie appointed under ttie provi.ioii.iof this act; and all pio-
motnui'i m '•ant rcinmenu hail he tilled by seniority in huid
corps ih lunv providi d tor by taw.
s-Ik.i .-1. .'1m! be il fin Ihrr car/, That ttie President of
tho United Slate* tie. and lie is liercbv, authorised, hv like
voIlmtitryenlMineiit, to add ten puvatento tile present num-
ber in each conipuny of the existing ivmiuonH of dmgoous,
iofimtry and nrlillery, whenever, in hi« opinion, the exu;cn-
cien oi l lie public «erviee may requiie ttie '-amo.
See. f'. .iii'f he hfir.il,.it caerfr;'. That Ihc sum o!   
thotu-und dollar*, out of auv money in tin1 treasury not oth-
erwise appropriated, he, and the same is hereby, appropiia-
ted for the puipo-a of earning tlui net into ettect.
Mr. McCONNELL moved that it be laid aside
in order lo take up the bill regulating the. appoint-
ment of clerks in the various departments, lie
protested earnestly against the passage of the army
bill, declaring that, the whole Oregon excitement
would terminate m smoke; and, so far as he was
concerned, he should vote against every proposi- j
tion m relation to the aforesaid premises until the j
American Senate should act definitely, and show i
the American people their hand. Tie would on I
all occasions vote against all profligate and waste-
ful expenditures of the people's money, that was
deposited it) the vaults of our national treasury,
stained with the sweat of honest industry and law-
ful enterprise.
Mr. HARALSON said, as the, bill had been
taked up, he trusted that it would now be dis-
posed of, and finally acted upon. He would
state that his bill hat! no reference particularly to
the " notice'' which was, or was not, to be given
to Great Britain, but that its passage was neces-
sary in any event, whether there should be peace
or war. He hoped, therefore, that it might be
passed without any extraoidinary discussion. He
would simply repeat the idea he had heretofore
thrown out, that if a war with England was to
come, now or hereafter, we were not going to fight
her with two regiments.
The question on the motion of Mr. McConneli,
was then taken, and, without a division, rejected.
The committee then resumed the consideration
of the aforesaid bill, which was read by sections.
Mr. J. A. BLACK moved to amend the first
section by substituting the word " disbanded foi
the word " discharged;" which motion was agteed
10 Mr. SAWYER moved to amend the bill by
striking out all after the enacting clause, and in-
serting the Senate bill.
The motion was not at present m order.
Mr. THOMAS SMTTH moved to amend the
first sertion of the bill by striking two rcg1"
ments," and inserting ci one regiment.
Mr. BRINK ERHOFF said that, if lie could
have the ear of the committee for a short time^ he
would, confining himself closely to the subject
matter in hand, state briefly the reasons wliy, in
bis judgment, the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Thomas Smstii] should not pre-
vail.
It would be seen that the Committee on Military
Affairs had not thought proper to report to the
House a bill to raise mounted troops, as reconi-
mended by the President. It would be recollected
that the President had recommended the raising of
two regiments of mounted troops. The Committee
on Military Affairs, on further consultation with tho
War Department, and for le.isons which suggested
ihemseh es to their minds, had come to the conclu-
sion to report, this bill, providing for riflemen strict-
ly, not mounted, and for these reasons : In the first
place, as a mc.isnre oi'economy. A report had been
made by the Scer<.<,uy of "War, and printed, con-
taining detailed estimates of the expenseof mounted
troops, as compared with riflemen not mounted,
from which it appeared that two regiincnts of ri-
flemen strictly could be raised and maintained at
one-half the expense per annum of one regiment
of mounted tioops, consisting of the same number
of men. The inquiry then came, whether the ex-
igencies of the public service rei [inred a greater
number of mounted Iroops than we nowpossessed.
The committee were aware that we had two regi-
ments of dragoons armed not only with the sword,
but with the carbine, capable of serving either as
horsemen or infantry. One of these regiments was
in Texas; the other was on the frontier, west of the
Mississippi. The principal reasons why an in-
crease, of the army was required at this time, were
two: one was the necessity of keeping up the pres-
ent force on the Texan frontier, and the other was
the necessity of providing adequate garrisons_for
that line of block-house forts about to be establish-
ed, as he trusted, and as recommended by the Pres-
ident, oil the route to Oregon. If mounted, they
would not only be very expensive, but it would be
difficult to subsist litem. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs thought it better that these garrisons
should consist of infantry—of riflemen, rather than
of mounted troops; and (luring the season of active
operations, the department could, and would, dis-
tribute the regiment of dragoons now on the west-
ern frontier, (and which might be replaced by the
other legimcnt of riflemen,) along the route, in a
maimer similar to that which liad been adopted
duringthe last season. The committee were aware
that the first regiment of diagoons had, during the
past summer, visited the South pass of the Rocky
mountains, and that the! r horses drank from streams
emptying into the Pacific. In this«vay the com-
mittee thought that all the exigencies of the public
service might be met, without incurring any great-
ly increased expense.
I trust (continued Mr. B.) I am understood.
One of the regiments proposed by this bill to be
raised, would take the place of the regiment of
dragoons now on the western frontier; and the other
in consequence, with the first regiment of dragoons,
would act as garrisons for the block-house forts
about to be raided on tho route to Oregon. This
regiment of dragoons would answer all the purposes
of what movable force, would be required along that
route, and wc should thus have a double force at
the same expense as a mounted force.
It is true that this is not a war measure. It does
not look to warlike measures. It looks to the pro-
tection mainly of our emigration on the route to
Oregon, and to the necessity of keeping up the
present force on the Texan frontiei. But in case
we should get into difficulty with Great Britain, it
