534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March- 28,
would be extremely convenient to have even two
regiments on foot thoroughly organized and well
disciplined. For my own part, a!though we are
not proposing to enter on preparations for war, ade-
quate to the prosecution of a war, yet I conceive it
to be the part of wisdom to make some prepara-
tions. Upon that policy Great Britain is now act-
ing. Of the fact there can be no doubt. In the
New York " Herald'' of the 20th instant I see the
leport of a debate m the IJritish Parliament. Sir
Robert Peel, in a speech that he made, read an ex-
tract iiom a letter which he had addressed to the
Queen after his resignation as prime minister, dis-
closing the conisc of policy that he would pursue
in ease Lord John Russel should be nblc to fovma
cabinet. In thcit letter Sir Robert Peel nssurcs the
C^uecHj that, m case it should becoinc necessary,
force there adequate to its defence, without sub-
jecting her to the possibility of disgrace or disaster.
Our army there is small, far smaller than that
which Mexico, if she can raise the funds, will pre-
cipitate upon it. If that small but gallant army
should be inadequate to the struggle, if its force
, should be overwhelmed by the Mexicans, the moral
effect, aside from the disaster itself, would be most
deplorable. It would raise the spirit of the Mexi-
cans, now cowed down, and would encourage them
in their hostile policy towards us. And this would
involve the necessity of largely increased expendi-
tures. No man here can give expression to the
feelings which would agitate him, if that gallant
little army should be overwhelmed for want of ad-
equate force.
The head of the department having regular
U )wi,i .wuu m.ct.wy, I i lie neaa ot the department having regular
(and he had all eddy declared m Parliament that it ; cliaree of these matters, says, that the force'now
a"d Ule ?.r,tist q^enment was J „ no, artent',atc\o that/and theoilier
«n i PwAf.?Sei I0!''5C-T> "m0 110C0S" l''"'cs duolviiig upon i! i.i other parts of the United
.aiy, m view of the relations with the trn.tr,1 ■, States. We all know that, for many years past,
the army, in its prtseni strength, lias been barely
adequate to the maintenance of garrisons in our
own terriioiy, before Texas became a part of it.
lbuv, then, can it be expected that it can perform
its ordinary duties, whilst, at the same time, a
law, force is to bo kept up in Texas, unless some
audition is made to it? 1 trust that these zealous
friends ot Texas, who differed with me last winter,
now that they have got the tenitory which they
so much desiied, will not shrink from the respon-
sibility of making such small addition to the mili-
tary force of the country as may he requisite to
place if beyond the contingency of disaster.
Before [ take my seat, I will read the estimates
ot the relative cost of riflemen, mounted and not
mounted. The annual expense for a regiment of
mounted rillemen, with infantry pay and forage as
dragoons, is $203,4-0 82. The annual expense of
njepment of rillemen, serving on foot, is $120,-
271 GO'; bcm<; something more than half of that
required for a mounted regiment. So that we can
maintain two regiments of riflemen, serving on foot,
for about the same expense of one regiment of
mounted rillemen, or dragoons; a difference, it will
be perceived, of no small account.
For these reasons I hope that the, amendment of
; the gentleman from Indiana will not prevail, and
that the bill, as it stands, may receive the favora-
ble action of the committee and the House.
Mr. 1JAML1,\ obtained the floor, but yielded
for the moment to—
Mr. MeCONNULL, who offered the following
amendment to the amendment:
" Flint all applicants for commissions to he ap-
pointed by the Picsident, shall give bonds and
security honestly to abide the decision of said Exe-
cutive, and if not epauletted or commissioned, then
to take the ranks as privates."
Mr. HAMLIN said, upon the bill now before
the. committee, he desiied to vole in accordance
with the wants of the country? and if he could be
I satisfied that the wants of the country demanded
1 at this time   greater military force, he would vote
for it. But, before he gave an affirmative vote for
increasing the army a single individual, or for add-
ing to its numbeis a single officer, he asked that he
might be better informed upon some points than lie
now was.
Mr. BItlNKERHOFF (Mr. H. yielding the
floor) inquired of the gentleman if he was not in
favor of carrying out the recommendations of the
President to establish a line of stockade or block-
house forts on the route to Oiegon, for the protec-
tion of our emigrants to that territory?
Mr. HAMLIN. I a pi.
Mr. BRISKER HOFF.
c\ .  WOI UIH-I tlllll' llCeeS'
sary, m viewof the relations with the United States
to increase the estimates for the naval and militaiy
service, he would do Lord John Russel the justice
to say that that increase was not wanted on account
of any change in the relations with France; and he
explain* the true ground of that increase to be,
that it looked to preparations for a rupture with the
United States. Here is his language:
" Sir Robert Peel feels it to be lus duty to add,
' that, should your Majesty's future advisers, after
' consideration of the heavy demands made upon
the army of the country for colonial service, of
' our relations with the United States, and of the
' bearing which steam navigation may have upon
' maritime warfare and the defence of the countrv,
' deem it advisable to propose an addition to the
'army and increased naval and military estimates,
'Sir Kobert Peel will support the proposal; will
' do all that he can to prevent it from being c.onsid-
' ered indicative of hostile or altered feelings to-
' wards Fiance."
I say, then, (continued Mr. I!.,) that Great Brit-
ain, althoug'h probably not placing Iier forces on
the full war footing, is still making consideiable
preparations for a difficulty with the United Stntes
in case such an occurrence should take place; and
I say, therefore, that I believe it to he the port of
wisdom in us to imitate, to some extent, at letist,
her example. ^ These, two regiments, to be sure,'
would be, nothing towards carrying on a war; but,
neveithelcss, tliev would lie a \alu.ible tone. We i!
need them now in the present cxig, m-ies of the ii
public scrvicc; and if peace should finally be the II
result, they could readily be disbanded; but they I
are needed for_ the present service, and in view (if j;
the contingencies which might fairly be antici- I1
pated. " ' j;
I trust it is not necessary for me to repeat the
reasons why the. Committee on Military Affairs
prefer foot to mounted men. They arc considera-
tions of economy and the exigencies of the public
service. Two regiments are necessary. There-
fore, I hope the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Smith] will not prevail. One regi-
ment is needed to supply the place of the first regi-
ment of dragoons, and the other to garrison the I
forts on the route to Oregon, and to give protection 1
to our emigration in connexion with another bill
now before this body, and which, I hope, will re-
ceive its favorable consideration.
SJiIt will be perceived, also, that this bill proposes
a small addition, by filling up the companies of the
present military establishments. That proposition,
too, has received the recommendation of the Secre-
tary. T hope it may be adopted. Wo see it stated
in the public prints—and nowhere contradicted, so
we may assume it to be true—that the army of
Texas is moving towards, or has actually moved
to, the Rio Grande. Before this time it has drtubl-
  a . Very well. Does the
gentleman from Maine imagine that our present
....   _ U1J„ ,1,1ns uouoi- i military force is sufficient to man the garrisons at
less taken up its position there, and is in the imme- ;; present existing, and also to continue the armv of
,i'a',e ,Vf"Uty ? ? Mexl0aP f°rces. We know :| occupation in Texas, in addition to this line of de-
txiac Aiexico iias ueen straining every nerve. )<  : -fence, tn Drpo-nn. wif-V*#™*  
that Mexico lias been straining every nerve to
gather aforce to beat back that army, and has been '
tnreatening to march upon Texas. It is well known
to the members of this House, at least to such of I
them as were members of the last Congress, that I ;
was no particular or especial friend to the annexa- h
tion of lexas, upon the terms 011 which it was ac- ji
comphshed. But the country is ours. The deed '
—be it for good or for evil, 'for weal or wo—has 1
been accomplished. Texas is a portion of ourter- ij
is oZ.' „f^ ® S°-°n oe ''"Presented on this floor j
as one of the sovereign Stales of this Union Be-
ng ours, I am for defending it; and for placing a 11
fence to Oregon, without such increase as is pro
po^cd ?
Mr. HAMLIN. They may be; and, if not,
there are more ways than one to make them com-
petent.
Mr. H. repeated that he desired to vote for this
measure, if it was necessary for the defence of the
country. Two sessions since, he believed, Con-
gress disbanded a regiment or more of mounted
riflemen which were then existing.
_ Mr. BRINKERHOFF. No; they were barely
dismounted.
Mr. HAMLIN continued. At the last session
of Congress, he believed that the courage of the
members of this House was screwed to the stick-
ing point, and they were remounted by a vote of
the last Congress. Now we are asked to increase
our force by an addition of two new regiments of
riflemen.
What were the reasons on which we were now
required to give this additional force to the army ?
The one given by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Brinrekhoff,] was that he wished to establish a
line of military posts on the route to Oregon, anff
it required at least all the addition nowproposed to
be made. Suppose we made up that number, there
was another recommendation made by the proper
department, which he took to be the recommenda-
tion of the Executive, to increase the rank and Me
of the army now in existence; and while he -was
perfectly in favor of establishing a line of military
posts to Oi egon—it should be done by all means—
yet the very troops, the very soldiers necessary
for these posts, might be obtained, perhaps, in
another way. There was another point which la-
bored in his mind, upon which he believed the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs would
be able to inform him. We had now in the army
about one hundred supernumerary officers, receiv-
ing pay of their Government, without rendering
services; and he had voted at the last session of
Congress, and he would vote again with all cheer-
fulness, to dismiss them entirely from the service,
and leave them to depend upon their own exertions,
like the other citizens of the country. But that
measure failed in the other branch of Congress,
and did not become a law. Now, before he could
sanction this bill, there must be a provision attach-
ed to it, that under it there was not in any way to
be an addition of the officers of the army, until we
first used those officers connected with it. And ft
might be that some of the patriotism manifested in
this matter might ooze out at the ends of the fin-
gers, not of gentlemen in this House, but of those
who are around this Capitol, and who, in season
and out of season, had urged this measure, for the
purpose of securing for themselves a place in the
regiments that should be raised. He was inclined
to favor this bill; he would vote for it were not a
better way to accomplish the end sought to be at-
tained by increasing the rank and file of the army,
and using these officers whom we now have, are
obliged to pay, and shall, he was afraid, be forced
to keep. The suggestion he made was, that this
bill should contain a provision that all the super-
numerary officers who are competent, at least,
shall first be taken to supply the vacancies in these
regiments. It would seem to him that neither his
friend from Ohio, nor the chairman of the commit-
tee who reported this bill, could object to a provi-
sion of this character; and if they should object,
it seemed to him that such a provision should ne-
vertheless be attached to this bill. We have these
officers now uuder pay, and it is our bounden duty
to take so many of them as are competent and
place them in command in these regiments, before
they gave their sanction to this bill.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF (Mr. Hamlin yielding at
111s request) wished to correct a'misapprehension
of fact 011 the part of the gentleman, [Mr. Ham-
lin;] and he confessed it was a misapprehension
under which he (Mr. B.) labored at the last Con-
gress, at the time of the action of this House to
which the gentleman referred, in relation to these
(so called) "supernumerary " officers. That name
misled him, (Mr. B.,)as he believed it misled the
gentleman from Maine, and many others in this
House and the country.
The manner in which this misapprehension had
arisen was tins; the staff of our army, which is ne-
cessarily a numerous one, from the fact that our
army is so extensively distributed over such a vast
extent of territory—this staff is composed of offi-
cers holding a commission in the line of (he army
An officer, by being placed upon the staff, does not
lose his rank, or commission, or command, in the
A" ELACK made a" eXPianation
tW^Bm«KERH0FF Proceeded ftirtlier to say
that these officers were withdrawn from service in
!511 P , upon vario s staff duties; and
Withdrawn m such numbers that these "supernu-
mX1,68? (s2,.ca]le(i) were actually absorbed and
employed. They were called "supernumeraries,"
ntwIV™™ c' f0"?1 service> doing the duty of
officeis of the line, regularly commissioned
