1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
there, but who are employed on staff dutv. So
that, ill point of fact, these (so called?) "supernu-
meraries 'are not such as the strict acceptation of
the term would indicate; they are doing duty, and
tSTJT?Utl6S aie squired at their tands.
ihere is,-therefore, no surplus of officers in the
army, a? at present organized; there are no super-
numeraries, m fact, although they are so called,
there being business for them in the line.
After some conversation between Messrs T A
DAVlf' BRINKERHOFP> and JEFPERSON
Mr, HAMLIN resumed. Taking the position
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bmnkerhoff,!
that there are no supernumerary officers in the
army, then, what earthly objection could there be
to the provision winch he proposed > He simply
asked that we should not unnecessarily increase
oar officers, if we have no supernumerary officers,
who are m met so—who are doing1 nothing, ns the
gentleman states—why then the amendment is
harmless. But he took another view of this ques-
tion. He undertook to say that there were about
one hundred supernumeraries; and he repeated it,
upon his own investigations, and upon the authority
of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.Black.!
I he gentleman from Ohio stated that officers in the
line were taken out and placed in the staff. The
duties of the stalF, he admitted, were, at times
arduous and responsible; but it was too often the
case, that when they-were taken from the line,
they were taken, not for the purpose of aiding the
stair officers in duties which they required addition-
al aid to perform, but because they were taken
away to too/upon the community, while these others
of inferior grade discharged the duties they should
discharge. _T.hat there is a class of supernumera-
ry officers, it would seem, from examining the ro-
ports made to this House for the last two years,
could not be disputed; and the gentleman from
Ohio could ascertain that all the changes, by taking
officers from the line and placing them in the stall",
do not como up even to one-quarter of the super-
numerary officers now in existence, and that have
been in existence. He did not believe that these
young men (for they were young men) were the
proper persons to hold the higher offices in these
regiments; but they were suitable for some place.
If they were not, then put upon this bill an amend-
ment that should strike thom from the army roll.
Why keep one hundred brevet lieutenants, who
cannot be used in any way—who are so many
drains upon the treasury of the nation?
Mr. HARALSON (Mr. Hamlin yielding) said
the third section of the bill provided that " the
' President of the United States, by and with the
'advice and consent of the Senate, is hereby an-
' thorised to appoint all the officers proper to he
' appointed under the provisions of this act." If,
therefore, the President of the United States should
think proper to select these ofliccrs of whom the gen-
tleman speaks—these " supernumeraries," ninety-
five of whom are in existence, according to the re-
port of the commander-in-chtcf—the President has
the authority under the third section of the law to
do so; and if he thought the interests of the pub-
lic service would be best promoted by passing over
them, and selecting in their stead from civil life,
the President had the, authority to do it; and there
was no necessity for the amendment which the.
gentleman proposed. If they remained unneces-
sarily attached to the public service, lie would go
with the gentleman to have them strickcn from the
roll; but by the third section of the bill, the discre-
tion was given to the President lo select these ofli- j
cers, and he would undoubtedly call them from i
this number of " supernumerary officers," if they '
were found the proper ones who were not other- [
wise employed. \
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON wished to put a question
to the chairman of the Committee on Military Af- !
fairs, [Mr. Haralson.] |
Mr. HAMLIN declined further to yield the j
floor, stating that he had nearly concluded his re-
marks, and then there would be an opportunity
for any other gentleman who wished to take the
floor.
If the scope and extent of this third section (Mr.
H. contined) was sufficiently broad to effect his
object, he would not offer this amendment; but ac-
cording to his reading of it, it gave the President
the power to select these officers wherever he might
choose, whether in civil life or in the number of
hose who are now connected with the army. But
he inquired—he put the question to the gentleman,
why is it, we should increase the officers of the
army if we have already those suitable even forthe
lower grade of officers ? And if we have not those
who are suitable, why should they remain in the
pay of the Government while incapable of holding
the lowest grades of commission in the service? If
they were suitable he would use them; if not, he
would cut them off and leave them, like other citi-
zens, to depend upon their own resources.
He was entirely and unconditionally.opposed to
raising these two regiments as a measure looking
towards, or having any connexion with, a fear
even of any difficulty between this Government and
any other. Ho would vote against it, if it was
sought to be sustained on this ground; and ho did
not precisely understand his friend from Ohio in
his allusion to th& language used by Sir Robert
Peel. He hoped the bill would be perfected as he
had intimated; then, if it were necessary to vote
this or any additional force to facilitate emigration
to Oregon by establishing a line of military posts,
he would give his vote for it. But if we were to
be told that it was necessary as a countervailing
measure to the acts of Great Britain, he would j
vote against it as totally insufficient and inadequate
to accomplish any such purpose. Believing, how-
ever, that we should not make a single movement
in relation to any foreign Power, because he ap-
prehended no difficulty either present or prospec-
tive growing out of our foreign relations; and be- j
eauso one of the measures recommended by the !
Kxccutivo was to establish a line of military posts '
to Oregon; and because, whether recommended by
the President or not, it presented itself to evuiy
member as a measure of vast importance that these
posts should ho planted HKIor 150 miles from each
other alons the line of our citizens who are emi-
grating to the Oregon territory, to afford them that
recruiting and that sustenance and protection which
emigrating citizens always require,—he should
go for the bill if so framed as to afford in a proper
manner that assistance which it was the duty of
the Government to bestow; and be appealed to the
gentlemiui from Ohio that tliey should not encum-
ber his hill with the negative idea, at least, that
wo were yet to retain hordes: of officers in our army
who will not be wanted. II'they are, not wanted,
let tliem say so, and let them be discharged.
Mr. YELL addressed the committee from a po-
sition in the Hall, and (in parts of his sentences)
in n tone of voice, which the reporter regrets ren-
ders it impossible to give anything more than a
general sketch of his remarks. As far as heard,
he. said: In the investigation of this subject, the
committee of which bo had the honor 'to be a
member, and who had reported this bill, had never
taken it into consideration as a war measure, but
as one necessary in time of peace. They had
made no calculations what may be the conse-
quences of our present unsettled state of relations
with Great Britain, with Mexico, or with any
other foreign Power. They had taken the recom-
mendations of the Executive mid the heads of the
different departments, in relation to the. organiza-
tion of our army; and, in so doing, they had come
to the. conclusion that, in the present undefended
situation of our western frontier, and m the de-
fenceless state of other portions of our country,
not less than two regiments of dragoons are indis-
pensable for the protection of the country, and of
emigrants to the Oregon territory, fie proceeded
to ail investigation to ascertain whether there is
any necessity for nil increase of our army, (for, af-
ter a candid and impartial view of the subject, he
did not believe, there was a man in this House, a
member of either party, who would go for the ad-
dition of a single man, if he did not find it to be
necessary.) With about seven thousand troops,
of which our army was at present composed, we
hod the whole coast, from Maine to the Rio Grande,
to defend upon our seaboard, the whole coast upon
the lakes up to Green Bay, and from Green Bay to
the mouth of the Red river, besides sustaining the
mmy of occupation in Texas, and defending our
western settlers and emigrants against sixty thou-
sand Indians upon our frontiers. The army of
occupation in Texas has taken all the available
Porccs now in the United States. We had per-
haps four thousand troops there; and we could not
muster, from Maine to New Orleans and around
on, our northwestern frontier, a thousand effective
men; and we had but five hundred tioops for de-
fence against these sixty thousand warriors of
whom he had spoken. He asked any gentleman
to tell him where, from Maine around our seacoast,
a solitary full company was to be found. And
where, from Green Bay across to the Red river,
was a solitary full company ? They were all in
Texas. ' And yet we were told it is not necessa-
ry to increase our army! Mr. Y. gave his esti-
mate of the number of posts which were required
in Texas, on the route to Oregon, and at other
points; and strongly urged the indispensable ne-
cessity of the two regiments proposed to be raised,
as a peace measure. He also gave his reasons
why he preferred this bill forthe raising of two
regiments of infantry to the bill from the Senate
for one of dragoons, as being more efficient and
called for in a greater degree to co-operate with
our present military forces, and also as being
more economical; these two regiments costing' but
a little more than one mounted regiment.
With reference to this question of " supernume-
rary" officers, he expressed the idea that the alle-
gation that there were so many unemployed was
all a humbug, and that all of them, or nearly all,
were in the service.
Mr. JAMES A. BLACK, (Mr. Y. yielding,)
in an explanation upon this point, said that the re-
ports from the proper department showed that we
now have three officers to every forty men, and
ninety-five " supernumerary" officers beside. He,
therefore, distinctly said that they were supernu-
meraries. He had always said in this House, and
he repeated, that these men are employed, but
they are employed in place of officeis who are
cither on furlough, or who are incapacitated for
service on account of age or disease. He further
expressed himself in favor of the bill, and wished
an amendment made to it providing for the imme-
diate disbanding of these regiments when they
should not be needed for the defence and interests
of the country.
Mr. HARALSON, (x\Ir. Yell still yielding,)
upon this collateral question of supernumerary of-
ficers, referred, for the information of the House,
to the report of the commanding General of the
army, made to the Secretary of War, and commu-
nicated to Congress at the commencement of the
present session; in which, speaking of the.super-
numeraries, lie says: " Ninety-five brevet second
lieutenants, graduates of the Military Academy—
strangely called 'supernumeraries'—are," by act
of Congress of the year 18—, "attached to com-
panies, and doing duty with them."
Mr. YELL resumed, and in refutation of the
charge against the officers of the army, that so
many are unemployed and "supernumerary," en-
tered into an earnest defence and a fervid eulogy
of the gallantry, bravery, and actual efficiency of
our army. No army in Europe, or the world, he
said, had done more service in proportion to its
numbers than ours, in Texas, for the last twelve
months. Talk about these supernumeraries!—
Where are they? Fiom the brigadier-general
down to the brevet, there was not one. And these
ninety-five " supernumerary" cadets, which the
gentleman seemed to think were lying upon their
oars, at their ease, perhaps, in some sitting-room,
were some of them in command of companies, and
were in Texas or elsewhere. And yet they were
called supernumerary and useless! He was con-
tent to leave the selection of these officers to the
President; he cared not whether they were taken
from the line or from civil life; but such officers
should be selected for our frontier as knew some-
thing about frontier service, and were familiar with,
and fitted to endure, all its peculiar hardships and
dangers.
Mr. Y. having concluded,
Mr. BOYD gave notice of an amendment he in-
tended to offer, when in order, to be inserted at the
end of the tenth line of the bill, providing " that
' such portions of the two regiments hereby au-
' thorized, should be mounted whenever, and con-
' tinue mounted so long as, in the opinion of the
' President, the public service should require."
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Whilst Mr. YELL was speaking, the commit-
tee rose informally, and the Speaker resumed the
chair, for the purpose of receiving a message in
writing from the President of the United States, by
the hands of J. K. Walker, Esq., his Private Sec-
retary.
The reading of the message (under a manifest
misapprehension of its purport) was called for.
