536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
And the Clerk proceeded to rend it, but had given
only the faintest look at its contents, when general
laughter followed, accompanied by calls to sus-
pend the reading, and to go again into committee.
The message covers a correspondence between
the British Minister and the Secretary of State, m
relation to a mutual arrangement tor refunding
duties upon imports improperly paid.
The documents \\ ere referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and were ordered to be
printed.
The Chairman then resumed his scat in com-
mittee.
TWO REGIMENTS OF RIFLEMEN.
Mr. McGAUGHEY (when Mr. Yell had con-
cluded) obtained the floor, but yielded ii for a mo-
ment to
Mr. RHETT, who desired to put an inquiry to
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, [Mr. Haralson.] It was this: Whether this
bill was a substitute for the bill from the Senate,
which proposed to raise one mounted regiment, or
whether it* was proposed to take up that bill after
the nresent one should have been disposed of?
Mr. HARALSON'S reply (as he turned and
addressed himself to Mr. Rhett) could not be
heard by the reporter 011 the left of the Chair, ex-
cept to this extent, that " it depended on the action
of the House
Air. RHETT. If we pass this bill, what do you
propose to do ?
Mr. HARALSON (again not heard) was under-
stood to say that the committee had given lnm 110
particular instructions.
Mr. RHETT. What does the chairman say
about it?
Mr. BRINKERHOEF. It is not understood
that the committee is 111 favor of passing both bills;
but we prefer our own.
Mr. RHETT. Very well. That is what I
wanted to know.
Mr. McGAUGHEY now resinned the floor.
Not more than an a\crage halt of his remarks
could be heard on the left of tin- chair. ^ If the re-
porter heard enough not seriously to nlisiepresent
Ins points, he will have done, more than he prom-
ised himself.
Mr. McG. expressed himself opposed to the
whole bill, and proposed to give, his reasons for
that opposition. Not that he entertained the idea
that anything he could say would prevent its pas-
sage. "He had seen enough to satisfy him dial a
spawn of these lit'le. bills would be thrown upon
the House before the filial adjournment of Con-
gress; all of which were to be passed. Anil he
desired to justify himself before his ronstunrhoy
for declining to support ihis or any ot the kindred
nieasuies wlncli were to follow it. Any person
looking merely at tho bill it^tli' would he dis-
posed to say that it was a small matfer. and that
therefore it was not of much consequence whether
it was passed this session or not; that it only pro-
posed an expenditure of something over two hun-
dred thousand dollars, and that that v;-as nothing
to such a nation as this. But nought to be looked
to in connexion v.ith all those other recommenda-
tions of the Piesident which the party in power
contemplated carrying into effect. That they
would be carried out, he, for lus own part. felt
satisfied; and it was his desire, so far as in him
lay, to place the country in such a position that
one of these, measures should not come m conilict
with another. Congress was recommended to in-
crease the standing army, and, as a necessary con-
sequence, to mciease the public expenditures;
whilst at the same lime they were to reduce the
means of replenishing the ticasury, by a reduc-
tion of the tariff. If wc looked to the revenues of
this country for the two or three years past, we
should see that they were not so extremely large
as to justify measures of this opposite character.
We were told that this measure was entirely dis-
tinct from any considerations connected with the
Oregon controversy; and so he regarded it. He
had not had an opportunity of assigning; the rea-
sons for the vote he had given in favor of the no-
tice; but he would now say that he had so voted
from a desire to place the two Poweis ill such a
position that they would be bound to settle that
controversy. He saw that it was a question af-
fecting materially the interests of the people whom
he represented, and he wished it settled as speedi-
ly as possible, so that it might not lie over, and
become an element in the political campaign of
i84a.
Mr. McG. then referred to the operations of the
new post office law, as a reason why no measures
should be passed that could, with a proper regard
for the public interests, be dispensed with, to in-
crease the expenditures of the Government. No
man of ordinary intelligence could be so ignorant,
and so sodden, and so brainless, as not to know
that Congress must appropriate a large sum of
money to meet the expenditures of this department.
He disavowed all intention of making war upon
this Administration; all that he desired was, that,
in carrying out their measures, they should so act
as not to involve the country in debt.
After referring to one or two points in the re-
marks of Mr. Yi'.i.r., (which called up that gentle-
man in explanation,) Mr. McG. proceeded to say,
that ho wished to examine some of the arguments
which had been brought forward in favor of this
bill. It was said that this was a peace measure.
They had been told that the notice was also a
peace measure, and as such he had voted for it.
Since then it had been regarded in some quarters
as a war measure. But this was a peace measure;
and he wanted to know what necessity there was
for increasing the standing army in time of peace.
It was troublesome to get lid even of the common
soldiers after they had once been raised, and it
was confoundedly more troublesome to get rid of
the officers; when once, like leeches and vam-
pyrcs, they began to suck the blood out of the
treasury, there was scarcely such a tiling as get-
ting rid of them. There ought to be a provision
inserted in this bill prohibiting members of Con-
gress from taking commissions under it, that the
makers of these offices might not themselves take
• them.
Some conversation followed between Mr. McG.
and Mr. BREMKERIIOFE as to the relative force
of the standing army under the administrations of
Mr. Jeil'u'son and Air. Madison.
Mr. McG. then proceeded. He wished to know
(and lie was himself a western man) what neces-
sity there was for protecting the western frontier
at this time. He sjioke advisedly when lie de-
clared that there was 110 necessity for it. He knew
that we were at peace with all the Indian tribes.
He knew that the western people went among
them; that they sold to them, and bought from
them; and that they passed to and fro with as much
safety and security as through our own territory.
We might as well require that when a man went
to Great Britain to trade there, he should take a
portion of the armed force of his country to protect
him, «s that he needed it with the Indians on our
frontier. When had we heard of any murders?
What had created the necessity for this increase of
the army ? IVlr. iVIcG. was understood here to re-
fer to the Blas-k Hawk war as an evidence that a
standing army was not needed with reference to
the 1 nihaiis. Whenever an attack should be made,
the men were there, with courage and rifles to pro-
tect themselves without the intervention of a stand-
ing army. They were able to defend themselves.
He had been raised amongst the western people
and the Indians, and ho knew that the western
people asked not the protection of the arms of the
United States. They would much rather that the
money should be letained in the treasury, or ao-
plied to some legitimate object of appropriation.
This was the feeling of the western people. He
denied the existence of a necessity for the in-
crease of the standing army either with reference
to this purpose, or to the line of stockade forts.
And until tii.it necessity could be demonstrated, he
would vote against it. He w as not one of those
who believed a standing army necessary or proper
in a republican Government. Did gentlemen de-
sire that this country should be brought finally to
the, condition of South America, or of Mexico,
where the civil authorities were ruled, and awed,
and overturned from day to day by standing ar-
mies? They had been the ruin of all republics.
Ho did not wish, however, to be understood as
saying that he would not vote for an increase of
the army if there was any necessity for it. Let
gentlemen show him that necessity, either as
against England or any other Power, and he would
vote not for two, but for five hundred regiments,
; and for a proportionate increase of the navy. This
we were told was a peace measure; it was the first
' time he had ever heard of raising a standing army
as a measure of peace. In addition to this, we
were in a few days to be called upon to efect' stock-1
ade forts for the sole purpose of protecting emigra-
tion on its way to Oregon; and after it once gets to
Oregon, it was to protect itself.
But this'bill ous;ht to b'e looked to in a financial
point of view. The expenditures of the present
year would be equal at least to the income of the
Government; yet it was proposed to imtfease thoso
expenditures. He believed that the gentleman now*
in tile chair (the head of the financial committee
of this House, Mr. McKay) was one of theprin-
cipal guardians of the public treasury. It was lis
duty to sec. that the income of the Government was
at least as great as its expenditures. Before these
warlike measures, which were intended for "piping
times of peace," were adopted, it should be shown
how they could be carried out, and yet the expend-
itures of the Government not exceed its income.
We were not in a condition to be extravagant.
We ought not to pass any bill until we saw our
way clearly, and were satisfied that it would not
involve us in debt. He regarded a public debt as
one of the most ruinous things that could befall a
country; nor would he for any purpose, except to
meet invasion, vote a single additional dollar.
He had not risen for the purpose of discussing
this subject with any hope of preventing the pas-
sage of this or any other bill that might be asked
for. But he had felt it to be his duty to call the
attention of the committee to the fact, that all ap-
propriations of money required by these different
bills must ultimately be provided. And he wanted
gentlemen, before they gave their votes for them,
to look to the mode and manner of providing the
funds. The South was in favor of a low rate of
duties. He wished their scheme carried out. To
some extent he should aid them. He wanted to
see which of the two sides was right; both conlfl
not be so; one must be wrong; he-wished the mat-
ter tested. But he did not want an accumulation
of debt to follow. He wished to see the expendi-
tures of the Government curtailed and cut down—
not increased. He should not believe in the sin-
cerity of the South, if he saw them voting to redifce
the rate of duties, and then voting for bills which
rendered it necessary that the expenditures of the
Government should i-ather be increased than di-
minished. He wanted to see where the South
stood; to see it coming up to its own notch.
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES. Did you vote for
the harbor bill?
Mr. McGAUGHEY. Yes; and if you want
my reasons, I will give them to you.
Mr. HOLMES. No; not your reasons, I only
wanted the fact.
Mr. McG., after a few more words, took his
seat.
Mr. BAKER was opposed (he said) to the whole
measure, though he would be glad to give his sup-
port to any legitimate and proper object of expend-
iture, for he was a tariff maii. But he considered
that military expenditures was the worst way of
employing the public money.
By the estimates submitted, it appeared that the
two regiments of 700 men each would not cost
more than one mounted regiment; and between the
two propositions, he would greatly prefer that of
the committee of this House. Light infantry were
much more effective as a force than any cavalry,
whether heavy or light armed. Cavalry were ex-
cellent in their place to cover the flank of an army,
or to act in combination with artillery, &.c.; but
for this service he could not see that mounted men
would be required. We had two regiments of
dragoons now in the serviee, and he had yet to
learn that they had been of any use, except m
the single service of their trip towards the Rocky
mountains, v, hich might have been a valuable ser-
vice or not. So far as expedition and celerity were
desirable, he believed that light infantry could
move faster than dragoons, and he would take that
march of the dragoons to tho west as a test; and it
appeared to him that light infantry would have per-
formed the march much quicker. Light infantry,
even for a single dash, as well as for along march,
were preferable. The history of our own wars,
and those of Europe, had proved that infantry
could move with more celerity and were more effi-
cient than cavalry. In the Peninsular war the
light infantry were the most serviceable, to prove
which he cited some instances. The expense of
infantry was not so great as that of cavalry. Two
regiments of light infantry would not cost more
than one of dragoons.
