588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
could take Canada in ninety days ? How do you
propose to do that?"]
Mr. CHIPMAN. I do not expect to do it by
sending troops from Michigan, or from any other
quarter, to Canada. I expect to take Canada, not
by force, but by the spirit which manifested itself
in the patriot war. I believe that that spirit which
was then crushed by British power, would rise
again, if backed by the Government, and redeem
Canada. I did not expect to conquer Canada by
detailing citizen soldiers from Illinois, or Michigan
either.
Our standing army (Mr, C. said) was 7,000 men,
and it was rcduccd to that number not long- ago
from ten thousand. We had been reducing the
army, and under what state of facts ? While we
we were extending our frontiers, and adding avast
territory; and while we had the Cumanches and
Seminoles, and other revengeful and warlike In-
dian tribes on our borders, we were reducing the
army. He would ask, if, under present circum-
stances, an addition of fourteen hundred men to
our standing army could be considered as extrava-
gant? Was it not much better than to employ citi-
zen soldiers to take turns in defending the frontier?
It was a libel on the spirit of patriotism which per-
vaded our people, to say that they were opposed to
such an expenditure. It was said that we had got
seven thousand men, and that they were enough to
flog all the world, and the Indians besides; but it
was necessary, in his opinion, that we should have
a few more troops in order to take care of the forts
and public property, and to show the Indian tribes
that it was the policy of this Government to protect
the western frontiers.
If we withdrew our regular troops from the fron-
tier, if, would require no prescience to know that
our people would suffer from the malignant hos-
tility of the savage tribes. It was true there
might be no war with England for the mainten-
ance of our rights, for there could be no struggle
for them when men shrunk from the defence of
their country, and suggested to Great Britain that
it was political hypocrisy in our statesmen to claim
any rights in Oregon.
But was any one so silly as to suppose that these
two regiments were to be raised for actual war?
Still there might be a war; and in that cose, unless
we made this pieparation, our frontier people
would be murdered by the Indians, under British
instigation, the moment the war began, and be-
fore adequate protection could be provided for
them.
The West had been accused of encouraging an
extravagant expenditure, because they asked that
a fair portion of the taxes paid by them should be
appropriated to the improvement of their rivers
and harbors, so as to enable them to send their
produce to the East, for the purchase of their man-
ufactures. Here Mr. 0. went into an argument to
show that the protective tariff bore very heavily
upon the western agriculturist.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES took the floor, and offered
the following amendment, to wit:
Provided, That all appointments of officers in the
two regiments shall be made by transfers, promo-
tion from the officers of the present army of the
United States.
On motion of Mr. HOLMES, the committee then
rose.
Mr. HARALSON offered a resolution to termi-
nate the debate at three o'clock to-morrow.
Pending which, (the hour growing late,)
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 24, 1846.
Mr. DIOKIINSON presented three petitions of
citizens of Oneida county, New York, remonstra-
ting against the renewal of a patent granted to
Jethro Wood for an improvement in the plough;
which were laid on the table.
Mr. D1X submitted a similar remonstrance from
citizens of New York; which also was laid on the
table.
Mr. TURNEY presented a document from the
Secretary of War in relation to the pay and allow-
ances of officers in the army; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial of Jacob B.
Clark, praying that certain duties illegally exacted
from him by the collector of the port of New York
may be refunded to him; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented the petition of
citizens of Indiana, asking that Evansville, in that
State, may be made a port of entry; also that a
marine hospital may be established there; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. H. JOHNSON presented several resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Louisiana, instructing
their Senators and requesting their Representatives
in Congress to use their exertions to obtain an ap-
propriation for the erection of fortifications at New
Orleans.
Mr. J. also submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
'Resolved, That the resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of Louisiana, of the 10th instant, in-
structing their Senators and requesting their Rep-
resentatives in Congress to call the immediate at-
tention of the Government of the United States to
the necessity of erecting such fortifications and ar-
maments as will secure the city of New Orleans
from invasion, be referred to the Secretary ofWar,
and that he be instructed to report to the Senate a
plan for the defence of New Orleans, together with
an estimate of the expenses required to perfect the
works which may be recommended in said plan.
* Mr. J. also presented remonstrances of Francis
X-.e Bean, Jean Bovan, and Alexis Porch, against
the confn mation of certain land claims; which
were referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
DUTY ON SALT.
Mr. DAVIS rose and said that he held in his
hand the memorial of three hundred and twelve
shipowneis and fishermen of the town of Marble-
head, all engaged in the cod fishery. Their me-
morial was drawn in the most respectful manner,
and contained facts which merited the considera-
tion of the Senate. They were all practical men,
having great experience m the business; and, while
they had spoken upon a subject of great interest to
themselves, they had spoken as men of candor and
sense, and stated facts that ought to be understood
before legislation is had.
They state that a bill is pending before the Senate
providing for the repeal of the act granting boun-
ties to v^ssfjs engaged in the cod fishery, and a
drawback upon pickled fish. They allege also
that they are threatened with the repeal of the duty
upon imported dry fish; and in order that the Sen-
ate may understand their condition and compre-
I hend their connexion with this employment, tney
recur to their past history, and allege that this cod
fishery has been their chief occupation ever since
the settlement of the town, and for a period of more
than two hundred years. That, while connected
with the mother country, legislative protection was
given, which so encouraged the business? that they
realized greater prosperity, acquired more wealth,
and had a greater population before the revolution-
ary war than they witnessed at any period since.
They affirm that their population and wealth is less
now than it was then.
When that war came the fishery was destroyed,
and the town at the close of it left comparatively in
a ruined condition. In that great, struggle they de-
clare that nearly the whole male population capa-
ble of bearing arms entered the service and devoted
their best energies to the support of the common
cause; and, sir, I take leave to add that no people
have acquired more deservedly a high character
for patriotic devotion to the best interests of the
country than the fishermen.
That great and successful struggle over, they
returned to their ancient employment. They fitted
out vessels and pursued the business with the zeal
I and patience which characterizes them; but they
1 had no protection, no encouragement from the
!| Government, and found it impossible to realize
! l success in competition with foreigners, who en-
joyed such advantages under their Governments
as they could not meet them on equal terms in the
: market. They say that, under such discouraging
: circumstanccs, the question was whether the busi-
, ness should be abandoned. Rather than submit
1 to such an alternative, they applied for aid to Con-
gress, and temporary relief was concedcd. This
they add, together with a general war in Europe
! which followed, enabled them to realize a satisfac-
' tory measure of prosperity; but then came the
I embargo, and after it the war of 1812, which again
| utterly prostrated the business. Being thus driven
from their employ, they allege that more than one
thousand of the inhabitants, out of about five thou-
sand, entered the public service and shared the
perils which belonged to it, either in the navy or
in privateers. In the year 1813, Congress, as
is believed, acting under a just sense of the valua-
ble services of the fishermen generally, and of the
great importance of this branch of industry to the
country, passed the law which is now proposed to
be repealed. It was received as a measure of jus-
tice due to an employment which had passed through
great and trying vicissitudes, and was believed to
be the basis of a permanent policy. The move-
ment here to change this policy has drawn forth
this memorial, from a class of men who are seldom
heard of within these walls, though probably a
majority of them are friends and supporters of the
Administration.
They declare their willingness that their circum-
stances and condition should be inquired into, as
it would furnish unquestionable proof that no in-
dividual within the knowledge of the memorialists
lias acquired wealth by this pursuit alone; and
that no fisherman, with a family to support, has
acquired a surplus of property to sustain him in
his old age. They affirm that the fishery is at-
tended by considerable hazards in regard to suc-
cess. That at times fish are plenty; at other times
so scarce that the fares are scarcely adequate to
cover the expenses. They assert that such occur-
rences are so common that fishermen are often un-
willing to engage for voyages, without an assurance
from the owners of some certain compensation be-
yond the fare in case of a failure. Sir, (said Mr.
£>.,) in corroboration of all this, I have a document
from another source, made by men of great prac-
tical experience, in which they estimate, in detail,
for five years, the annual expenses and earnings
of a vessel of sixty tons; and oy this document it
is less than $300, without any allowance of interest
on capital, such vessel being _ manned by seven
men. I do not propose1 to go into a discussion of
this matter now; but, when a suitable occasion of-
fers, I shall lay the facts before the Senate; and
they will prove that the condition of a fisherman
is far from being enviable.
The memorialists hope that the Senate will find
in these facts a full justification for suffering the law
of 1813 to remain m force.
But, should they be guided to a different result,
the hope is expressed that, the great injustice will
not be inflicted upon them of repealing the duty
imposed on dry fish imported.
They allege that the business is carried on at less
expense in the British colonies than here. And I
may add (said Mr. D.) that some foreign countries,
and especially France, give large encouragement to
the cod fishery, which enables them, as well as the
colonies, not only to appropriate to their benefit
the foreign market, but fish is sent, to some extent,
into this country. The duty (said Mr. D.) should
remain, whatever may be the fate of the bounty
and drawback.
But (said Mr. D.) they modestly place before the
Senate another consideration, deserving probably
more care and regard than all others. They say
they trust that they have requited, to some extent,
the privileges which have been accorded to them.
They have obeyed the summons of the country
when her exigencies demanded their aid; and they
say, what is known to all navigators, that this
fishery is a nursery of seamen.
They have only hinted at their great merits on
this head. While war is necessarily fatal to then-
employment; while it not only suspends their busi-
ness, but leaves their shipping to waste, decay, and
destruction, they have stood forward among those
who are first to vindicate our honor, to redress our
wrongs, and to bear the flag, beset with every kind
of peril, in triumph over the ocean.
The fishermen (said Mr. D.) are accomplished
native seamen, who possess the skill and experi-
ence necessary to constitute able, efficient, and
successful mariners. It was remarked, I think,
the other day, by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Benton,] that seamanship is an art which can only
be acquired by time and experience; and in this he
spoke a truth obvious to all navigators. If war
should again recur, the question arises, where will
you obtain such men for the service? What re-
source have you upon which you can rely ? We
have, it is true, a great commercial marine, but a
very great proportion of the sailors, probably
more than eight-tenths, on board our vessels, en-
