540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
there should be some day fixed, by a general un-
derstanding, on which to bring the discussion on
the subject of the notice to a conclusion. He de-
sired that the day should be made known, if prac-
ticable, before the arrival of the day itself, in order
to accommodate those of his fellow Senators who
were compelled by circumstances to absent them-
selves for a short time, and who had named to him
the necessity which existed for such absence, and
who strongly desired to be present when the vote
was to be taken upon this important question. By
fixing the day many of those gentlemen might
probably regulate their absence so as to be present
on that day. By leaving the time entirely indefi-
nite, the Senate might suddenly come to a vote, to
the surprise and mortification of those who chanced
to be absent; and to this extent injustice would be
done to those Senators.
He named these circumstanccs without naming
the still greater and more important considerations
connected with the great interests of the country.
After some three or four months devoted to the
consideration of this subject in the two Ilousus of
Congress, it seemed to him that the Senate ought
to be able to fix some day, and that not a remote
one, when the sense of the Senate could be taken
upon the subject. He was aware that the pre-
vious question was not 111 use here; lie was awaie
it was not the habit of the Senate to pass a 1 evolu-
tion to take a subject out of discussion, and to
direct the vote to be taken on a given day; but he
was likewise aware that it had been their habit to
have a conversational understanding that an pud
would be put to a protracted debate at a particular
time. It was with this object that he now lose,
and he would name Saturday next as the day on
which the vote should be taken. This would
leave sufficient time for the exposition of the views
of those {Senators who still desired to bo heard
upon the subject. He made this proposition in
order that Senators might not be taken by surprise.
Much had been said about quieting the, apprehen-
sions of the country. He had never indulged in
that description of remark, and he thought it was
entirely out of place as connected with the subject
to which his proposition now had reference. He
made that proposition with a view of obtaining, if
practicable, a general undemanding as to the time
when the vote should be taken.
Mr. MOREHEAD said he did not know to
what extent the practice to which the honorable
Senator had alluded had picvmted in the Senate, Jo
fix some t;i\en day for the decision of a pending
question. Even if there was a rule of this kind,
or a piactice which amounted to a rule, he trusted
it would not be applied to a question like that
which had been under discussion for several weeks
past. It was, he believed, generally regtuded as
the most important question which had aitiacted
the attention   f Congress for many years. He
could not peroeive the necessity for fixing any par-
ticular day when the question must be decided; tor
if they were to do so, they might, to some extent,
while aiming to promote the convenience of some
members of the Senate, inllirt a very great incon-
venience upon other members, by depriving them
of the opportunity of delivering their views upon
the question. Tiiat, he was sure, was not the ob-
ject of the honorable Senator. It seemed to him,
therefore, in view of the well-known courtesies of
the Senate—of the well ascertained disposition of
that body never, at any time, to press the vote upon
any question when any considerable number were
absent; and, regarding the well-known disposition
which prevailed on all occasions to consult the con-
venience of Senators, it seemed to him that it would
be quite safe to trust to that courtesy that the Sen-
ate would not, in tlie absence of any of its niem-
beis, insist upon a vote, or take any proceeding
that would disoblige or prove a source of embar-
rassment or inconvenience to any. He supposed
there were various Senators who yet desncd to
make some observations upon the subject. Being
one, and the humblest of the body, and the least
disposed perhaps to throw himself upon the indul-
gence of the Senate at any time, he should never-
theless feel disposed before the debate closed to
submit his views to the Senate. There were Sen-
ators who might desire to be heard who were not
present this morning; and, therefore, he would sug-
gest to the honorable Senator from Ohio not to
joress his proposition, but to allow it to lie over un-
til to-morrow.
Mr. ALLEN observed that he would not pro-
tract the discussion at this time, because he was
unwilling to consume the time which rightfully be-
longed to his honorable friend from Mississippi,
[Mr. Chalmers.] His object in calling* the atten-
tion of the Senate to the subject was, that Senators
might reflect upon it, and unite in some informal
understanding respecting the time for closing the
debate.
SPECIAL ORDER THE .NOTICE.
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of the special order,
being the several propositions proposing to give
notice to Great Britain of the intention of tins Gov-
ernment to annul the treaty for the joint occupa-
tion of the Oregon territory; 011 which subject—
Mr. CHALMERS addressed the Senate, in a
series of remaiks, of which the following is a brief
abstract:
The subject befor0 the Senate was admitted,
011 all hands, to be one ol the utmost importance.
It looked to the termination of a convention which
had been in existence about twenty-eight years, by
the issuing of u notice of litis Government ot their
intention to abrogate it, after the period of twelve
months from the date of such notice. "With some
Senators, the expressed object of advocating this
measure was to obtain, at the end of that period,
possession of the whole of the Oregon territory;
while others, who sustained the amendment of the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Colquitt,] were de-
sirous, by negotiation and compromise, to secure
an honorable and peaceful decision as to the con-
ilietmg claims between Great Britain and the^Uni-
cd States. It was, therefore, a question ol vast
tmportanee, demanding, on our part, dclibeiation,
circumspection, and firmness of action.
It had been contended by several Senators that
if the existing differences 011 this question between
the two countries should end in a war, the Presi-
dent would be held to a strict accountability for
having brought this eul on the country. But he
argued that the responsibility of a conflict, if con-
flict should come, would not rest with the Execu-
tive. He thought that, in all ins movements with
regard to this question, the President had, in every
respect, acted as his high position required of him.
He had followed in the steps of his illustrious pre
decetssor. lie had adopted the course laid down by
one of the most distinguished statesmen that had
ever filled the office ot Secretary of State—Mr.
Clay. He then read some extracts from the Mes-
sage from the President, and compared them with
the language used by Mr. Clay in Ins official
correspondence; and went on to show that the
parallel of 49° was our ultimatum, as a line of di-
vision. On this line our Government had taken
their stand, even if the consequence should be a
1 wai with the great and powerful nation with which
j we are at issue. Whatever the responsibility of
' such a result, although it might be heavy enough
to sink a navy, or to sink a world, let it then fall,
where it outfit to fall, on that country which, with-
out a coJoi of title, would maintain its claims to the
territory even at the point of the sword. I he
| course of the President, he was satisfied, would
command the approbation of the whole world. ^
Mr. C. then commented on the change which
had exhibited itself m the language of some Sen-
ators, since the introduction of the resolutions of-
fered by the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
at the commencement of the session, when the
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Mangum] and
the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Archer] sus-
tained the course which the Executive had taken.
In the couise of his experience be had never wit-
nessed a more cordial reception ot any official
paper than on that occasion; and if new views had
been taken, new readings introduced, and a new
construction had been given to the Message which
was not wan-anted by its terms, the President was
not to be held responsible for the change.
He adverted to the resolutions adopted by the
Legislature of the State of Mississippi, and refer-
red to the unanimity with which they had been
adopted. He coincided with the tone and spirit of
these resolutions. He believed that it was the
sentiment not only of his State, but of the whole
Union, that while we firmly insisted 011 our rights,
we should do it in a spirit of conciliation, support-
in^ the President in his offer of the 49th parallel,
for the sake of preserving the peaceful relations
between the two countries.
He was in favor of the notice, because, in his
opinion, the time had come when this question
must be settled, peaceably or otherwise; and be-
cause the adoption of this measure seemed to him
necessary to preserve the peace of the country. He
wished it to be settled at an early day, not to grat-
ify foreign nations, but to tranquillize our own citi-
zens. He desired to see the President sustained in
his course. The longer the delay, the more diffi-
cult would it become to obtain an amicable settle-
ment. He was for the notice, and he hoped it
would be adopted with the same unanimity as was
exhibited in the adoption of the resolutions of the
Senator from Michigan. There would be a moral
force in such a harmonious vote, which would pro-
duce a prodigious effect at home and abroad. And
in order that this issue might not be frustrated, he
deprecated everything like assaults on the individual
opinions of those who might differ from ourselves
in their views. He had listened with much pleas-
ure and admiration to many sentiments which had
fallen from Senators who were on the opposite side.
And he believed that, if war should come, as much
patriotism would be found, and as willing arras in
defence of the country, on the other side of the
Senate chamber as among his own political friends.
There could be 110 party feeling on this question.
When he approached it', lie felt that the ground was
holy, and that he ought not to touch it without
taking off his shoes.
The Senators who had stated that they saw no
reason for giving the notice had, he trusted, since
they expressed that sentiment, seen sufficient rea-
son for a change of opinion. We must now so act
as to preserve our country. He asked if Senators
saw nothing in the deep feeling of the public mind
which should uige us to bring this discussion to a
close ? He saw much which alarmed him; and he
believed that if something was not speedily done,
it would not be in the power of the Government to
prevent a resort to arms. He had, for some time,
watched the indications of public opinion, which
did not insist on 54° 40', but desired an honorable
and peaceable adjustment of the question.
The desire of the President was, he believed, for
the preservation of peace. He was a man of peace,
a man of kind feelings, not fond of the glory which
is produced by war. From his messages, he (Mr.
C.) gathered that he was favorable to a pacific
termination of the present difficulty. In none of
his language could be found a sentence showing
that he would not accept a compromise on the 49th
parallel. He was desirous, doubtless, to get all
the territory if he could; but if the 49th parallel,
substantially, were again to be offered, the Pres-
ident does not say that he would not accept it.
He concluded with an expression of his hope
that all would yet end well; and that while Great
Britain was setting such a glorious example on the
subjcct of free trade, nothing, would yet occur to
produce a breach between her and the United
States.
1 THE DEFENCE OF THE COUNTRY.
; During Mr. Chalmers's speech a message was
received from the President in reply to a resolution
submitted some days ago by Mr. Dayton, asking
information as to the necessity of making addi-
tional appropriations for the defence of the coun-
try, <fcc.
Mr. ALLEN called for the reading of the Mes-
sage, and it was read, as follows.'
To the Senate of the United States:
In answer to the inquiry of the. Senate, contained
in their resolution of the 17th instant, whether, in
my "judgment, any circumstances connected with,
4 or growing out of, the foreign relations of this
' country, require at this time an increase of our
' naval or military force;" and, if so, " what those
circumstances are," 1 have to express the opinion,
that a wise precaution demands such increase.
in my Annual Message of the 2d of December
last, I recommended to the favorable consideration
of Congress an increase of our naval force, espe-
cially of our steam navy, and the raising of an ad-
equate military force to guard and protect such of
our citizens as might think proper to emigrate to
Oregon. Since that period, I have seen no cause
to recall or modify these recommendations. On
the contrary, reasons exist which, in my judgment,
render it proper not only that they should be
piomptly carried into effect, but that additional
provision should be made for the public defence.
The consideration of such additional provision
was brought before appropriate committees of the
