1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
547
■committee were of the same opinion. The com-
#nttee, he was aware, ha<| no right, however, to
withhold from the Senate any documents or any
Information in their possession; and he therefore
submitted the whole of the documents in tile hands
of the committee. He saw no objection whatever
to the reading of the report of the Secretary of
War, which, as he'had just stated, contained the
whole of the recommendations.
Mr. YTJLEE hoped that the resolution would
modified as to call on the Secretary of the
JSfftvy ,for the reports which had been returned to
li^m. He was himself anxious to refer to them,
•gd such, he supposed, was the wish of others.
He thought that the reports would be found use-
ful to the Senate—he knew that they would be
■useful to himself; and therefore he sought their
production.
Mr. FAIRFIELD remarked that his own im-
pression was, that the documents referred to by
the Senator from Florida were not to be made
public, and therefore he opposed the amendment
■suggested by the Senator from Florida.
Mr. BERRIEN had supposed that, inasmuch aa
the documents that had been returned were origi-
nally communicated to the committee informally,
they could, in the same informal manner, be re-
turned to the chairman of the committee; therefore
he did not think it necessary to amend the resolu-
tion. If these estimates were designed to be the
basis of any action of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, it was unquestionably proper that the Sen-
ate should be put in possession of them. The
question of their publication was another matter,
•and could be considered at the proper time. But
in the meantime, he considered that there could be
«o proper and valid objection to the requisitions of
■the resolution,
Mr. WESTCOTT said it did strike him that
this matter had been managed very strangely. If
these papers had any bearing on the Oregon ques-
tion, even the most remote relation to it, they
should be known to every Senator before he voteu.
Differences of opinion existed in the Senate, and
throughout the country, as to the views, opinions,
and purposes of the Executive on this question,
and as to the effect of the nut.inc. We had heard
different expositions of his olliciul conumuiiciitionH
on this floor. He desired to know whether the
Executive did or did not anticipate war as one of
the effects of the notice. It is true, publications
recentjy made in the press called the organ of the
Administration in this city, had stated that the
President had not made known his designs to any
person except by his official communications, and
lie believed it had also stated he would not. These
communications were, therefore, all-important. The
Senate had been repeatedly admonished, too, that
it was tardy in yielding to the Executive recom-
mendations. Now all this might be very well; the
Senate, doubtless, would be qtiiclccncu by these
admonitions, and, as in duty bound, would obey
them. But it appeared to him it should not be re-
quired to vote in the dark. There were cogent
reasons growing out of the different readings of
the past official communications of the Executive
on the subject of Oregon, which required that the
Senate should have the advantage of all the infor-
mation these documents contained, and from every
other credible source. He desired to know, cer-
tainly, what was the contemplated policy of the
Executive.
He could not conceive of any state of things in
which it could be improper that material informa-
tion possessed by the Executive branch of the
Government might not be communicated to the
Legislative branches, and, if not made public, at
least communicated confidentially, and especially if
of such a character that it might be given to a com-
mittee of the Senate and to lieads of Departments,
as this had been. He had yet to learn that any
Senator on this floor could not as well be entrusted
with information essential in deciding as to the
measures of this Government as any of the Ex-
ecutive officers. Unless they had all the facts,
could they vote understanding^ ? The papers in
question might throw light on the views, or, to
quote the words of the paper referred to, the " de-
signs," of the President in regard to Oregon, emd
would no doubt materially affect the votes of Sen-
ators. He had no hesitation in saying his doubts
as to what the notice was desired for, and its ef-
fect, was one of the inducements with him to vote
against it. If these papers were not of a charac-
ter to be made public, so that foreign nations might
obtain possession of their contents, at least let them
be communicated to the Senate confidentially,
under the injunction of secrecy. He trusted that
all the papers would be called for and produced.
The question was then put, and, after a division,
the resolution was adopted—25 voting in the affirm
ative, and II in the negative.
The question then came up on the printing of
the documents submitted by Mr. Benton, the chair-
man of the Military Committee.
Mr. ALLEN said he believed that there were
some of the papers which it was thought not ad-
visable to print.
Mr. WEBSTER expressed a wish that the Sen-
ator from Missouri would withhold such of the
papers as he did not consider essential to the infor-
mation of the Senate; and merely lay on the table
such as might, with propriety, he printed in the
ord inary way.
Mr. BEN TON replied that, as he had before
stated, the report of the Secretary of War contain-
ed all the information concerning the amount of
estimates required. The other papers he had sub-
mitted in compliance with the resolution adopted
by the Senate. With the consent of the Senate he
would therefore withdraw all the papers except the
report of the Secretary.
rite report was then ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, submitted an adverse report upon the peti-
tion of the mechanics and laborers employed at the
Washington navy-yard; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. THOMAS CLAYTON, from the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims, submitted an adverse
report upon the petition of the heirs of Willis Wil-
son; which was ordered to be printed.
ACCOMMODATIONS IN SENATE CHAMBER.
Mr. 1SREESE, from the Committee on Contin-
gent Expenses ot' the Senate, to whom was refer-
red the subject of providing additional accommo-
dations for the public in the Senate Chamber, sub-
mitted a lengthy report.
Mr. DICKINSON called for the reading of the
report, which was ordered, and the same was read
by the Secretary, and ordered subsequently to be
printed. The committee propose to erect an addi-
tional gallery above the present reporters' gallery,
and place the reportci b for the city papers in small
galleries at each end of the circular gallery, and in
front of the same, leaving the gallery above the
President's chair for the accommodation of vis-
iters.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported hills for the relief of John S.
Skinner, ant! the legal representatives of Isaac
Greene; which were read, and the reports were
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FAIRI' 1 ELD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a hill authorizing the Secretary of
the Navy to contract for water-rotted hemp for the
use of the navy; which, by unanimous consent, was
read n first and second time, considered as in com-
mittee of the whole, reported back to the Senate
without amendment, anu ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr, H. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, submitted an adverse reportupon the bill for
the relief of Sally Rockwood; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, submitted
an adverse report upon the petition of Samuel
Knight; which was ordered to be printed.
Oh motion of Mr. J., the previous orders were
postponed, and the following resolution submitted
several days since was taken up, and agreed to:
'' Resolved, That the reporters of the Senate, who
have seats assigned them, shall be furnished with
one copy each of such documents, reports, (fee.,
of which an extra number are furnslied over the
regular number printed by order of the Senate."
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee an the Judi-
ciary, submitted an adverse reportupon the petition
of Charles Stearns.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, the following
resolution was taken up for consideration:
" Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be autho-
rized to continue J. G. Schott as an assistant mes-
senger of the Senate, and that the usual pay be
allowed for his services as such from the 1st of
December last to the end of the session."
Mr. BREESE observed that he was not alto-
gether satisfied as to the propriety of the resolution;
and he therefore moved that it be referred to the
Committee on the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate.
After some conversation between Messrs. CAM-
ERON, BERRIEN, EVANS, and BREESE, the
reference was agreed to.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that said House had pass-
ed a bill entitled " An act to authroize the President
to increase the rank and file of the army of the
United States;" which act was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order; when
Mr. SEVIER rose to address the Senate. He
commenced by observing that the President of the
United States, in discharge of a solemn duty he
owed to the country, had at the commencement of
the present session given them a full and detailed
statement of their relations with Great Britain in re-
lation to the Oregon territory; concluding that state-
ment by recommending Congress to abrogate the
conventions of 1818 and 1827. The President had
also recommended other measures in connexion
with that one, but of these he would not speak, as
they were not then before the Senate. That part of
the Message of the President recommending the ab-
rogation of that convention, and the resolutions of-
fered by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] were
at an early day of that session referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. That committee act-
ed promptly on the subject, and the resolution
which they were now considering embraced the
views of that committee. It was a resolution sim-
ple, clear, and decided; yet it was comprehensive
and unencumbered by any extraneous matter.
That resolution only proposed to do what they had
a right, without offence or explanation, at any time
to do—to give the notice. The honorable chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, [Mr. Al-
len,] on the eighth of January, (a day, by-the-by,
memorable in our annals,) directed the attention
of the Senate to those resolutions, asking that an
early day might be set apart for their consideration.
He made a motion to that effect, but it was several
days before it was acted upon. That postponement
was made to gratify some Senaters who desired, be-
fore acting on that important question, to hear from
England. They were told a packet was expected,
and it was all-important that they should wait ac-
tion until its arrival. Other Senatofs desired a post-
ponement because they thought it unwise to act
until the House had disposed of it. A third class
of Senators, who lived not very remote, desired a
postponement that they might visit their homes on •
business. All these were gratified, because they
constituted a majority of that body, and the consid-
eration of the resolution was fixed for the 10th day
of February. On that day the absentees had re-
turned, the House had voted, the expected packet
had arrived, and they proceeded to consider the re-
solution; and from that day until then, when he
spoke, it had formed the subject of their delibera-
tions. And yet he doubted if any one, here or
elsewhere, could tell what was to be its fate, or
how they would dispose of it. In the interim be-
tween the day the resolution was reported and that
named for its consideration, the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Crittenden] proposed a substitute,
which had for its object the removal of all respon-
sibility from Congress, and thejplacing of it "on the
shoulders of the Executive. He (Mr. S.) assured
the Seriate that, regardless of that, if the responsi-
bility should be so shifted—should the notice in
that form pass—as surely as the sun rises on that
day, before the sun should set, it would be acted
upon by the President. If any gentleman, there-
fore, indulged the belief that, in that case, the no-
tice would not be given, they would find them-
selves deceived. But he would ask, was it right,
or manly, or proper in Congress to place the re-
sponsibility in the hands of the President ? It was
very unlike the gallant bearing of the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Archer,] who the other day had said
he was unwilling to vote for any measure leading
to a war, although he was protected by his age and
position from encountering the consequences of
that war. But he (Mr. Sevier) had thought there
was a sort or Whig confessional—one with a mat-;
ter of this sort, " that the Executive power of this;'
