548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marches#,
country was too great, that it was increasing;, and
ought to be diminished." Now, if war was ap-
prehended to come from that notice, was it right
or becoming to propose to place in the hands of
the President the power to make war ? He remem-
bered to have heard his friend from Massachusetts
say, he would not confer such a power as this on
the Executive, even if the enemy were at the gates
of the Capitol. And what change had come over
him in proposing now to confer that power on the
President? But they possessed no power to
place the President in that position, whatever he
might do. The resolution also proposed that the
President in his discretion might not give the notice
•until the expiration of the present session of Con-
gress. He thought, however, that whatever con-
sequences resulted from the notice, it was but right
and proper that Congress should be in session at
the time, to meet any contingencies that should
arise, whatever they might be. He could see no
good that could come of a delay of sixty, ninety,
or a hundred days. Did his friend pretend to say
they should be better prepared then than now?
Preceding the resolutions was a preamble three
times as long as the resolutions; it was a histori-
cal narrative—he could see no use in it. Preambles
and pledges had always been his abomination, be-
cause the one reflected on his capacity, and the
other placed too great a restraint on a gentle-
man's liberty. But what did the gentleman ex-
pect to get by this preamble? Was it held out
as a golden pill?—or was it intended as a piece
of diplomacy, by which they were to tickle her
Majesty^ Ministers into negotiation ? He thought
it would have no effect. He thought Great
Britain would be more disposed to look at the
thing itself than at any garb in which it should
be dressed. Shortly after these resolutions had
been introduced, the Senator from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Mancum] had given notice of his in-
tention to add to these resolutions two additional
provisoes. The first proposed to refer the con-
troversy to arbitration; the othpr, after a specified
day, proposed to organize in Oregon a territorial
Government. On the 10th of February it was dis-
covered that an offer to arbitrate had been made
by Great Britain and rejected. He ^Mr. S.) sup-
posed also that the mover of the additional provi-
soes saw that there was in the other House a bill
pending to organise a Government in that terri-
tory; and consequently he had withdrawn his pro-
position. A short time after that, the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Colquitt] introduced another pro-
position, modifying the resolution of the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Ckiti kvdkn.] The latter
proposed to give the President the power to give
the notice at the end of the present session of Con-
gress. The proposal of the Senator from Geor-
gia was, that Congress should confer the power on
the President to give the notice during the session,
or at any time he thought proper. Now, he (Mr.
S.) thought the difference between the two was
not broad enough to pay for the ink and paper
used in drawing them up. He thought the same
objection lay against the Jatter resolutions as against
those of the Senator from Kentucky. Whether [
the President gave or refrained from giving the no- j
tiee he was nlike responsible, and he, (Mr. S.,) as j
one nf his friends, would hold him so. The Son- j
atorfrom Georgia added another proposition, ex- j
pressive of a desire to settle the question by com- j
promise and negotiation. If the President of the j
united States had not, under the Constitution, the ;
right proposed to be conferred on him, there might ;
be some propriety 111 that proposition. But the j
Constitution had conferred this power on him. ,
Could any good arise out of this proposition? Was ;
it not rather likely this evil would spring from it? t
What was that evil? It would set a dangerous j
example of tampering with the functions of the '
Executive, and perhaps ultimately lead to inroads .
011 the Constitution. They were all very much '
interested in preserving it in all its original effi- j
cicncy. He (Mr. S.) was for exercising the power j
belonging to themselves; and for leaving that to the ,
Executive which belonged to it. But the Senator I
from Georgia proposed to compromise. To com- !
promise whsft ? The territory which they proposed 1
to compromise lay between the Columbia river and ;
the 49th parallel. Did he mean to divide that? No; j
but was it not probable that his resolution would be j
So construed by the British Minister? They had ;
offered to settle on 49°, which the British Govern- ,
ment refused. They had offered to settle on the ..
Columbia, which offrr we had refused. Well, with
the President's Message, which had been sent to all
parts of the country, before them, did he propose
to divide ? He was not sure that a majority of the
people of this country at that very hour would com-
promise short of 54° 40'. They were a curious
people. Senators might go where they would—
all round the avenue—into the highways and by-
ways, and on post, pillar, and wall, they would see
written with chalk, " 54° 40'." They were words
that had sunk deep into the hearts of the people,
and before the summer was over, they would he-
come so deeply impressed as not to be erased. He
looked upon those signs of the times with deep in-
terest, and he thought all who could ought to read
and understand them. His friend from Georgia
proposed compromise, which, according to his
interpretation, was to be between the 49th degree
and the Columbia river. But he (Mr. S.) would
ask, Was there a single American in the country,
of any sort, unwilling to fight Great Britain to-
morrow before he would give up an inch of that
soil ? Not one. Such an alternative would rouse
the nation to a man. In such a contest they would
find even their Quaker friends, with arms in their
hands, proclaiming aloud through the streets—
"To your tents, 0 Israel!" And in that state of
things the Senator from Georgia proposed to com-
promise. Tie (Mr. S.) hoped, whatever resolu-
tion parsed, the word compromise would be omit-
ted. He could not vote for any form of resolution
that had that word in it. Pie would almost sup-
port any resolution, if that word were omitted.
Should a treaty lie made, he would do his duty.
At a still later period, the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Clayton] proposed another substitute; which
was but a restatement of that of the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Ckittkndkn,] with the alteration
of a few words. He believed the resolution of the
committee was preferable to all others; and although
he would be willing to vote for that of the House,
he preferred the other on account of its better phra-
seology. But he could not let that occasion pass
without saying that the House resolutions had re-
sponded to the President's Message faithfully, as
fhev ought. They reflected the opinions of the
people of this country, and, better than all that,
they were carried, opposed by the terrifying cries
of war; but notwithstanding all that, the House
had manfully supported the honor and interests of
the country. But were they to pass the notice?
Were they going to carry out the monsures of the
President in regard to this subject? Were the peo-
ple to be gratified in that particular* Or were they
to go home, leaving the matter as it h«d been for
thirty years previously, leaving possession to Great
Britain? These were questions well worthy the
grave answer of the Senate. Some Senators were
opposed to the notice in any form, and their reason
was because they thought it unnecessary to the
purposes of negotiation, and if it is sought for
any purpose but that, they were not for giving
it. But. the President had told them, that, m
conducting negotiations, he had found the con-
vention of 1827 an impediment in his way, and
that, he desired it to be removed. He had told
them what he had done, and what, if that imped-
iment were removed, he expected to be able to
do. They all knew that, by the terms of the
convention of 1818, Great Britain had the pos-
session of all Oregon, and that having that posses-
sion, she had no inducement to negotiate about it,
because she never could get more than she had,
and if she ever negotiated, of course she must lose
a part. Since that time the Oregon question had
been up half a dozen times, and it had been dis-
cussed with zeal and eagerness. Now wcare told
that negotiations are going on, and that pending
those, it is very improper to a&sert our claim to the
whole territory. Well, on that (Air. S.'s) side of
the House, they thought there was something cu-
rious in the fact, that whenever they stopped in
their efforts to settle the question, Great Britain
stopped too. When they became a little feverish,
they talked about Oregon again; and thus it had
been treated from 1840 to that time. Pie would ;
like to ask how long that state of things was to
last > How long were they to be trifled with bv
such hypocrisy and insincerity on the part of
England? Was this state of things never to end >
No; it would never end until they annulled the
convention of 1818—until they restored themselves
again to the possession of the valley of the Colum- j
bia river—until they protected their citizens in !
Oregon, and made them freeholders,-as the^ought;;.
to be. These things they could do, if the conteft-
tion was abrogated, but not before. If that were
done, they could extend the laws of the United
States over them, and protect them, for they ha$
a right to it as American citizens on American soft.
He hoped never to see the day when a "call from an
American citizen, however fcumble or distant,
would be made in vain on this Government tb-
protect him in his rights. It was these rs&sons|g,
the President thought it important to remove th%>
impediment offered by the convention. He was
glad to find gentlemen now ready to aeefept Ore-
1 gon on some terms. He remembered when some
gentlemen in the Senate were not for having' Ore-
gon on any terms. In their speeches in 1840,.
1841, 1842, 1843, and 1844, and by their votes,
there could be found a flood of light thrown on this
Oregon matter. They were then told that the god
of the republic would be placed on the loftiest peak
of the Rocky mountains, with his face towards
the east, and that all the territory behind it would
be given up to others. They told them that the
limits of this country were already too widely
extended for the prosperity and stability of the
Union; that it was too widely extended for the
improvement of the country in mind, in morals,
and comforts of every sort. There was a sort
of faint impression on his mind that on one of
those occasions a statement was made showing
the effect of emigration on the value of lands ana
property; and he remembered very distinctly
that the calculations made to show the effects of
emigration, attempted to make out that in work-
shops and manufactories the value of labor would
be destroyed. His friend from New Jersey gave
them a most touching description of the fate of the
poor Indian in Oregon, representing his being dis-
turbed by the woodman's axe and the American
rifle in his slumbers and hunting-grounds.^ The
Senator spoke of Oregon as being poorer in soil'
than the mountains dividing Canada from Maine.
They were told it was unfit for cultivation; that
Great Britain did not want it except for hunting-
grounds, or where some ill-natured, sour, bilious
Englishman might retreat to. They were told that
New Holland or New Zealand was infinitely bet-
ter than Oregon. Such were the speeches made
in 1841, 1842, 1843, and 1844. But not one word
about the old reasons was heard now; and they
never would be heard again until California or
Mexico should rap for admission into the Union.
Texas had exploded all those old theories. They
would take Oregon now, if they got it without
fighting. Fighting, he admitted, was a terrible
thing; they all knew that. They were told by the
Senator from South Carolina if they got to fighting
their commerce would be all destroyed; that they
were to have seven armies, and two navies, a ten
years* war, and at the end of that period a debt of
five hundred millions; and in the meantime that
all improvements in steam, and thunder and light-
ning, would be stopped. The Senator toid them,
with a certain mock gravity, that Great Britain,
like the United States, was a religious nation; and
that, according to the holy commandments, it was
wrong to covet your neighbor's lands or steal his
property. He admitted they were of the same
stock as the people of Great Britain, their old
grandmother; and that, unlike a great many Amer-
icans who go abroad, they had not forgotten their
native tongue; but could still speak English. On
account of this, some people could not fight fpr
Oregon. Yet if she shoula be so very unreason-
able as to stand out for the whole of the territory,
they might be induced to make resistance. Jie
was opposed to this trifling. He would abrogate
the convention. Let us be placed where we stood
before 1817. But, (asks the Senator from Maine,)
can you get possession of the country? Will Great
Britain abandon it? This was to ask if she would
| preserve the faith of treaties. If she would not,
| the sooner we go to war the better. He had al-
i ways thought that a man who had in his pocket
a bond which he knew would never be paid, acted
wisely when he burned it.
Mr. S. thought the Senator from South Carolina
had done more to throw a doubt on our title than
had been done by all the other speeches which had
been made. From his high standing in the coun-
try his remarks would have a proportionate weight.
But was it not ri^ht that we should have correct
information on this point? The American people
were generous, and if the title were doubtful, they
