1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
549
would be the last to desire to occupy that to which
they were not entitled. Is Oregon ours or not} '
"Was it not important that they should be enabled
to go into the quarrel, if it came, with a conviction
of its justice? He did not expect the Senator to
go further than he did. He said that our title was
-clear up to, 49°. But let him answer, does it go
beyond, or not? , In defending his former policy,
the Senator- [Mr, Calhoun] contended that by
rashness we were' likely to lose the whole. No
doubt he was.sincere in his opinions. He (Mr. S.) t
asked only what was rightly theirs, and saw no j
reason to shrink from its assertion. The Senator i
from Maine [Mr. Evans] and others had also ar-
sued the question, and controverted the title of the |
United States to the greater part of Oregon. They, ;
indeed, made short work of it. They thought we I
had a sort of claim springing from the treaty with j
Prance in 1803. That they would grant. He |
would not attempt now to go into a discussion ,
of that part of the question. Those who had pre- !
ceded him had established beyond doubt the ques- ■
tion of title. So had the Secretaries of State, lie
mentioned that to show merely that all they [Mr.
Evans, and those who agreed with liirn] had said
-did not shake in the slightest degree his (Mr. S.'s)
confidence in the excellence of tlic United States)
title. Yet he admitted that the servants of the
Hudson Bay Company did possess a certain kind
of rights—a sort of squatters' rights, which arc
pretty well understood in the West. Tlusy had
got these rights by our neglect. Ho was willing,
for the sake of peace, that the President should
■dispose of the Hudson Bay Company according to
his discretion. He would do with them tut had
been done with the Wyandotte and other savages.
Ho would pay them for their improvements, and
let them go in peace. In their treaty with Russia,
they had given up territory—tlicy did it in the
Maine boundary question—following the lead of
JJew England, and New England led on by her
Secretary of Stato. Thus a cession of country had
been made, giving up an acknowledged portion of
Maine, with the1"consent, he believed, of all New
England. That was not the only casti of the sort.
There were two other cases. A portion of hia own
■State had been ceded away—a portion which had
been regularly organized, and pari of which hail
been settled as far back us 18U(i. They consented
to that—talked a little about it, to be sure; but
were laughed at by grave Senators. In the mean-
time, Mexico revolted against Spain, but never
marched a soldier across the Sabine. AH the time
they had held on to their territory. It was sug-
gested that that portion of the State should he
bought back. He stated at the time, that, I'or a
dollar and a half, he could have bought it all back
again from Spain. Yet that was ceded. Events
rolled on. They had a fight in Texas, and she
gained her independence; and the same piece of
territory was again given to Mexico, although it
had never been out of our possession. That was
not all. On the north of Red river a piece of terri-
tory, in which there were five counties, was also
ceded away; and that treaty was ratified with the
■dissenting voice only of his friend from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] and a few others. lie mentioned
this to show that all the parade about negotiation
and compromise was useless. Some of our Sena-
tors had said that their opinions had changed.
Men often deceived themselves, and he thought
the change was only in the Senators themselves.
What had we seen since the Cambria sailed! Who
had forgotten the perfect panic wo were m on the
Thursday before she sailed ? It was a sort of sen-
atonal stampede. It was contagious. He himself
began to think of Bladensburg and the British, and
became a warrior himself. But when he heard
that there was not a gun mounted on the Delaware
 no army—no navy,—he was on the eve of ta-
king to his heels. But he looked round ami
he saw the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Bun-
ton,] of whom it might be said, as was said of
Ceesar, that he "is the twin-brother of danger, and
of the two the elder and more terrible," sitting read-
ing his documents, calm as a summer morning.
His appearance reassured him, and he (Mr. S.)
then got ashamed of himself, and allowed the Cam-
bria to sail without carrying anything out of what
the Senate intended to do. Then came the recom-
mendation to build a few war steamers. But that
little storm had also passed away. Some Senators
opposed the notice because they did not deem it to
be necessary. He thought otherwise. His opm-
ion was founded on his knowledge of his country-
men. They had become excited on the subject.
He saw no symptoms of yielding on either side—
one standing on the river and the other on 49°—
people of both countries excited. In that prospect,
the probability appeared to him that they would
have a war. So he thought when he first read the
President's Message. Who was to give up ? The
question must be settled, and that before the elec-
tions take place, or its settlement will be impos-
sible. But the warlike aspect had nothing to do
with the notice. Notice or no notice, the question
still had the same complexion. Nations had fre-
quently to fight on comparatively trifling questions.
Bo it was with the war of the Revolution, for a
few cents of duty on tea. So it was with the last
war, for the impressment of a few American sea-
men. Oregon, trifling or not, would not be sur-
rendered, even at tin' hazard of war. He was
opposed to war. So were his constituents. But
all its inconvenience, they would meet rather than
lose Oregon. He had not much tear of their losing
Oregon. At ail events, it never would be lost to-
gether with the national honor, if they were to
be overthrown, he (Mr. i$.) trusted it would be
with their feet in the stirrup, and with their faces
turned towards the enemy. But, he said, he
; was not so certain that they were going to lose
j Oregon. Notwithstanding ihe declarations about
| the desolation of war, without any boasting, he \
could say that, in ninety days, liiey could raise an I
army us great as that winch Napoleon led to Mos- i
eow. They gave guns to their children for play- !
things. They were a warlike people. But he i
wanted no war for Oregon, or anything else, if |
they could help it. la t war he avoided by sol tling \
the question if they could—by adopting the reeont- ;
mendatioiH <>f the President, and abiding by the
issue—confiding m his ability, talents, and politi-
cal principles. It was true he was no military
chieftain, nut he was a true patriot. He was an
humble Christian, too—a man of fortune, and un-
der all considerations opposed 10 war, needlessly
incurred, ills whole paw eateer was the bestevi- i
donee of hismiegnly, put ity, and patriotism. The j
short term of hi  otHce—ami he was no candidate j
for re-election—the terrors of nnpeaehnient—the j
examples of his predecessors—ail conspired to in- j
spire confidence in his conduct. Possessed of all j
ii thene securities, could theyjiesitate in aiding him
|| in the avoidance of a calamity they all deprecated?
| j Would they defer action till the moment when that
J action would be unavailing? They hesitated be-
ll cause the President, in his inaugural, asserted the
I! light of the United States to the whole of Oregon,
;j and yet afterwards offered to settle on 49°. That
11 manifested a suspicion unworthy of them and of the
; i Executive. Reterence had been made to the action
|| of the Baltimore convention. He had taken part in
j ihe proceedings of that body, although the present
■ Executive was not his lirst choice. But he would
j] not go into that matter, further than to say that in his
i; (Mr. JS.'s) opinion nothing had been done by that
!; convention to prevent the President from settling
|l the question, if he could, by negotiation. Of that
ii negotiation the Senate would judge ut the proper
|| time. He had now nearly said all that he intended
j; to oiler, lie deprecated war. lie hoped that there
j| would be no war—that the President would be left
\\ untrammelled—and that he would be enabled to
!i avoid war. A war would, it was true, be very dis-
!; astrous, expensive, and inconvenient, to the United
I vStates. But it would be the same to Great Britain,
j! and she, he believed, was not disposed to overlook
; that consideration. Her people, like those of the
j; United States, lived bv their labor, and flourished
II by their commerce. To her it was, perhaps, fully
•, as desirable as it was to the United  States, that this
ji question should be settled amicably, and settled
'! .soon. He was ready to confess that he had no par-
l; ticular partiality for Great Britain. He had, per-
il haps, inhented'prejudices against her. But still, if
she. would settle, with liberality and justice, this
question, and so establish pcace between the two
countries, he would be one of the first to forget the
past of both wars—her unjust diplomacy—and
would do all in his power to cultivate with 'her the
most amicable relations henceforth and forever.
He asked no favors at her hands. AU he asked
was justice and liberality, and the exercise of a
manly spirit. If Great Britain evinced such a dis-
position, and acted in that manner, she would be
met in the same way—ancient differences wouid be
forgotten, and peace would shed its happy infiu-
ence over the relations and intercourse of these two
great and powerful nations of the earth.
Mr. YIJLEE moved that the Senate resume the
consideration of the bill to extend the laws of the
United States over the State of Florida, and pro-
vide for the execution of the same; which was
agreed to, and the consideration was resumed as
in committee of the whole.
A motion having been heretofore made to nil a
blank in the bill, which had been left for the salary
of the judges of the courts proposed to be estab-
lished, with $2,000,
Mr. BREESE remarked, that he did not see
why the judges should receive $2,000 per annum,
when the judges of the circuit courts in Illinois
received but #1,500, and until within a very few
years, for thirty years past, had received but
§1,000 a year.
Mr. YUXEE, in reply, stated, in substance,
that the expense of living in Florida far exceeded
that of the western States; and he was confident
that the salary of §2,000 was absolutely requiied
to procure the necessaries and comforts of life
where the courts were proposed to be locatcd.
Aftersome conversation between Mr. BREESE,
• Mr. PENNYBACKER, Mr. ATCHISON, and
I Mr. CRITTENDEN,against the bill as reported,
1 and Mr. YULEE, Mr.'"WESTCOTT, and Mr.
JOHNSON, of Louisiana, in favor of the same,
a motion to adjourn was made and carried,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 25,1846.
j The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
! The SPEAKER said that the business first in
! oidcr would be the motion (pending at the adjourn-
! ment, last evening) of the gentleman from Massa-
! i'husotts, [Mr. Adams,] to reconsider the vote by
; which the House had determined that all debate
! on the bill to raise two regiments of riflemen, and
for other purposes, should terminate,
j Mr. JOSEPH R. INGEUSOLL asked leave at
; this time to submit a motion to discharge the Com-
[ inittee of the Whole from the consideration of the
hill in relation to the settlement of the title to the
Pea-patch Island. He was understood to say, that
the object of the motion was to afford an opportu-
nity to strike out the appropriation, which having
been done, the bill could be acted upon in the
House, without being again committed.
The SPEAKER said "that the motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams) was a
privileged motion, and would take precedence of
everything else.
So the House passed to the consideration of the
motion of Mr. Adams, (who was not at this mo-
ment in his seat,) to reconsider the vote by which
the House had determined that all debate on this
bill should terminate.
Mr. TIBBATTS (addressitigtheChair) inquired
whether the gentleman from Massachusetts, who
made the motion, had voted in the affirmative? ,
The SPEAKER. No division took place; there-
fore every gentleman is supposed to have voted ih
the affirmative.
The question is on the motion to reconsider; and
that motion is not debatable.
Mr. COBB. I move that the motion be laid on
! the table.
; And the question having been taken, and de-
j cidcd in the affirmative without a division,
i The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL now asked leave to
submit the motion he had indicated.
Mr. HOPKINS hoped that the business which
had engaged the attention of the House for two or
three days past would lie disposed of before any
other proposition was entertained.
And objections having been made, the motion
of Mr. In'gersoli. was not received.
TWO REGIMENT® OF R.IFJ.EMEN.
On motion of Mr. BRINKERHOFF,the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. McKay, of North
Carolina, in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the bill to raise two regiments of rifle-
men , and for other purposes.
Mr. McCONNELL moved that the bill be laid
aside, for the purpose cf taking up bill No. 23,
(in relation to the appointment of certain offi-
cers.)
