551
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March .25,:
The question was then taken on the first branch
of the main question, to wit: on the amendment of
Mr. McKay, and the vote resulted as follows:
5TEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q,. Adams, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashmun, Baker, Barringer, Bayly, Biggs, Blancbard,
Brockenbrougii, Milton Brown, Buflington, John H. Camp-
bell, Keuben Chapman, Chase, Cobb, Cocke, Collamer,
Cranston, Cullom, Daniel, Dargan, Darragh, Dixon, Dob-
bin, Dockery, Douglass, Foot, Gentry, Giddingss, Goodyear,
Grmnell, Ilerrick, John W. Houston, George S. Houston,
Edmund W. Hub.ird, d.tniuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Joseph
R. In^ersoll, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Jones. Daniel P. King. Thomas Butler King, Leib, Lump-
kin, McDonnell, McGaughey, Mcllvaine, McKay, Marsh,
Miller, Morse, Payne, Perry, Eathbun, Julius Rockwell,
Hoot, Runk, Simpson, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb
B. Smith, St:ukweather, St. John,Thibodeaiix,Thomasson,
Bpiijamm Thompson, Trumbo, Wentworth, Wheaton,
White, Winthrop, Woodward, and Wright—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bedingcr,
Bell, Benton, James Black, James A. Black, Boyd, Brrnk-
erhoff, Brodhead, William G. Brown, Burt, William W.
Campbell, Carroll, 'Catheart, Chipman, Clarke, Crozier,
Culver, Cummins. Cunningham, Garrett Davis, Jefferson
l)avi*, De Mott, IhlUnghaiii, Diomgoole, Ellsworth, Erd-
man, J. II. Ewmg, Paran, Fickjm, Pries, Garvin, Giles,
Gordon, Graliain, Grider, Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Mar-
nianson, Hilhard, Hoge, isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough,
Ilungerford, Washington Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jen-
kins, James H. Johnson, Lawrence. Leake, La Sere,
Lewis, Maclay, McClean, McClelland, Joseph J. McDowell,
James McDowell, McHenrj, John P. Martin, Barkley
Martin, Moseley, Mouhon, Niven, Owon, Parrwh, Poirill,
Phelps, Pollock, jpuce, Ramsey, Reid, Relfe, Rhett, Ritter,
Russell, Sawtelle, Sawyei, Seainmon, Seaman, Seddon,
Severance, Alexander D. Suns, Leonard II. Sims, Thomas>
Smith, Robert Snuth, Stanton, Strohtn, Thunnan, Tibbatts,
Tilden, Tredway, Wick, Wiiinot, Wood, Woodrull, Wood-
woith, Yancey, Yell, Young, and Yoht—103.
So the amendment of Mr. McKay was rejected.
The question then recurred on concurring with
the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union in its substitute for the bill.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Me&sis. Abbott, John Qtuincv Adams, Stephen
Adams. Andeu-on, A-jhmun, Barringrr, Bayly, Bell, Benton,
Biggs, Rl.mehard, Milton Brown, Butiimrton, J. II Cimip-
bell, Carroll, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Cobb, Cocke, Colln-
mer, Collin, Cranston, Crozier, Culver, Cummins, Daniel,
Dargan, Darragh, Garrett Davi->, Dixon, Dobbin, Dockeiy,
Dromsjoole, Ellsworth, John If. Ewmg, Foot, Gentry. Gid-
dings, Goodyear, Gordon, Graham, Grider, Grinnell, Grover,
Harper, llfunck, Hilhard, John W. Houston, George S.
Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Samuel 1>. Hubbard, Hud-
son, Ilungerford, James B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Joseph
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geo. W. Jones, Daniel P. King,
Preston King, Thomas Butlor King, Lawrence, Lcsb, Lewis,
Lumpkin, Maelav. McClelland, McConriell, Jas. McDowell,
McGaughey, MeFIcnry, Mcllvaine, MeKav, Marsh, John P.
Maitm, Miller, Horse, Mosoley, Owen, Paj nc, Periy, Rath-
bun, Julius Rockwell, Root. Rnnk, Russell. Soxerance,
Simpson, Tiuman Smith, Albeit Smith, Caleb B. Simth, !
Starkweather, Stewart. St. John, Strohm, Thibodeaux, i
Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson, James Thompson. Thnr- i
man, Tilden, Trumbo, Wheaton, White. Winthrop, Wood, !
Woodward, Wiisrht, Yancev. Young, and Yost—111. 1
NAVS—Mcssis. Arnold, Allvin-on, B.tker, Bv.din er, Jas, !
Black, James A. Black, Bowltn, Boyd, Brmkcrholl, Biod-
head, William G. Brown, Bint, \V. W. Campbell,Catheart,
Chipman, Clirke, Cullom, Cunningham, Jefferson Davis,
De Mott, Dillimrham, Doucrlas*-, lirdman, Faran, Fiokhn,
Fries, Garvin, Giles, ir.imlm, Hampton, Haialson, Harman-
sou, Hosje, Hopkins, Hou«^h, Washington Hunt, Cliailes J.
Tiigeifoll, Jenkins. James II. JoIuimhi, Leake, ha Sere,
McClean, Joseph J. McDowell, Barkley Martin, Moulton,
Niven, ParrMi, Perrill, Pcttit, Plielps, Pollock, Price, Ram-
sey, rteid, ReJf'e, Rliett, Ritter, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon,
Stsaman. Seddon, Alexander D. Snns, Leonard H. Rim^,
Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Tibhatls, Tredwav,
Wenfvoith. Wick. Williams, Wiimof, Woodruff, Wood-
vvoith, and Yell—7f>.
So the substitute proposed by Mr. Hungerfoud
was concurred in.
The question now was, on engrossing the sub- :
stitute bill, and on ordering- it to a third reading i
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked the yeas and nays; ,
which were ordered.
Mr. J. J. McDOWELL moved that the bill be !
laid on the table. j
Mr. AleCONNELL asked the yeas and nays; !
which were ordered, and being- taken, resulted as '
follows:
YEAS—\le«&is. Baker. Bowhn, Boyd, Buflington, Burt, !
Cunningham, Jefferson Davis. Fjcklm, Gxddnigs, Hamlm, 1
Hfirmansou, floge, Hopkins, Hough, Jenkins, Jarn°s II. !
Jouu-on, La Sere, J. J. McDowell. Mcllvame, Moulton, i
Miven, Parrish. flplt'e. Tihett, Russell, Scammon, Thomas 1
Smith, Robert Smith, St.mton, Tiklen, Williams, and Wood- 1
worth— 3-2.
NAVS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quim:v Vlams, Stephen
Adams, Anderson, Arnold, Ashmun, Atkinson, Barringer,
Bavlv, Bedmger, Bell, Benton, Bigg?, James Black, James
A. Black, Blanchard, Brmkerhotf, Brockenhrough, Brod- ..
head Mihon Brown. William G. Brown, "W. W Campbell, !!
John H. Campbell. Canoll, Calhcait, K. Chapman, Cha^e
Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Cooke, Collamei, Collin, Cranston! !!
Crozier, Cullom, Culver, Cumiiuus, Daniel, Dargan. Dar- [
ragh, Garrett Davis. Delano, De Mott, Dixon, Dobbin, Dock- t
.cry,Douglass,Dromgoole,Ellsworth, Erdremn. J. H. Ewin* i|
Faran, I oot, Fnes, Garvin, Gentry, Giles, Gordon, Graham '<!
Grmnell, Grover, Hampton, Haralson, Harper, Ilerrick, Hil-
liard, John W. Houston, George S. Houston, Edmund W.
Hubard, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Hungerford, Wash-
ington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, Joseph Johnson, Andiow Johnson, Goorge W,
Jones, Seaborn Jones, Daniel P. King, T. B. King, Law-
rence, Leake, Leib, Lewis, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClean,
McClelland, McConnell, James McDowell, McGaughey,
MeHenry, McKaj, Marsh, John P. Mai tin, Barclay Martin,
Miller, Morse,Moseley, Owen, Payne, Perrill, Perry, Phelps,
Pollock, Price, Ramsey, Raihbun, Reid, Ritter, Julius Rock-
well, Root, Rank, Sawyer, Seaman, Seddon, Severance,
Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Truman
Smith, Albert Smith, C. B. Smith, Starkweathei, Stewart,
St. John, Stiohni, Thibodeaux, Thomasson, B. Thompson,
James Thompson, Thunnan, Tibbatts, Tredway, Trumbo,
Wentwoith, Wheaton, White, Wick, Wilmot, Winthrop,
Wood, Woodruff, Woodward, Wright, Yancey, Yell, and
Young—loO.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
And the question again recurring on its engross-
ment—
Mr. DROMGOOLE withdrew the demand for
the yeas and nays, intending' to call for them on
the passage.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading now;
and, having been read a third time, and the ques-
tion being;, " Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. DROMGOOLE demanded the previous
question.
There was a second; and the main question was
ordered to be now taken.
Mr, DROMGOOLE asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
And the main question, "Shall this bill pass?"
was then taken, and decided in the affirmative, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams, Stephen
Adaius, Ander^m, Arnold, Ashmun, Baker, Barringer,
Bayly, Bedinsier, Bell, Benton, Biggs, James Black, James
A. Black, Blanehard, Bovvlin, Brmkcrhoff, Brockenbrougii,
Brodhead. Milton Brown, William G. Brown, Bint, Wil-
liam W. Campbell, John II. Campbell, Carroll, Cathcait,
Reuben Chapman. Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke,
Collamer, Collin, Cranston, Cio/,ier, Cullom, Culver, Cum-
innis. rumiimjh.im, Daniel, Dargan, Darraeh, Garrett Davis,
De Molt, Dillingham, Divon, Dobbin, Doekerv, Douglass,
Diomgoole, Ellsworth, Ridinan, John If. Evving, Faran,
Foot. Fries, tlenlry, Giles, Goodycai, Gordon, Graham,
Grider. Giover, Hamlin, Hampton, Haialson, Haipei, Her-
rick. Milliard, Hough, John W. Houston. George S. Hous-
ton, Edmund W. Hubard, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson,
Ilungerford, Wellington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J.
Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James II. Johnson,
Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Sea-
horn Jones. Daniel P. King, Preston King, Thomas Butler
King, Lawrence, Leake, Leib, Lewn«, Lumpkin, Maclay,
McClean, McClelland, McConnell. James McDowell, Mc-
Gaughev, McHenry, MrKay, Maisfi, John P. Martin, Bark-
ley Maitin. Miller, Morse, Moseley, Moulton, Owen, Par-
rish, Payne, Perrill. Perrv, Phelps, Pollock, Pure, Ramsey,
ILitlihun, Reid, Relte, Ritter, Julius Rockwell, Root, Runk,
Russell, Scammon, Sehenck, Seaman, Alexander D. Sims,
Leonard II. Sims Truman Smith, Albeit Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Robert Smith, Starkweather, Stewart, St John
Strohm, Thibodeaux, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson!
James Thompson, Timrman, Tibbatts, Tredway, Trumbo,
Vinton, Wentworth, Wheaton, White, Wick, Williams
Wilmot, Winthrop, Wood, Woodruff, Woodward, Wright
Yancey, Yell, Young, and Vo< t—105.
NAYS-Mosrs. Bovd, Jefferson Davis, Delano, Ficklin,
JIarmanson, lloae, Hopkins, La Sere, Joseph J. McDow-
ell, Melivame, Niven, Sawyer, Thomas Smith, Stanton,
and Wooihvoilh—15.
So the bill Wits passed in the following form, to
wit:
" Be it cnaetcd hy the Senate and House of Repre-
' sentatives of the. United States of America in Con-
' greis assembled, That the President of the United
' States be, and he is iierehy, authorized, by volun-
' tary enlistment, to increase the number of pri-
' vates in each or any of the companies of the ex-
' isting- regiments of dragoons, artillery, or infan-
' try, to any number not exceeding eighty, when-
' ever, in his opinion, the exigencies of the public
' service may require the same.
" Provided, That the said enlistments shall be
' for the term of three years, and 110 longer, unless
' sooner disbanded by the President."
And on motion of Mr. HUNGERFORD, its
title was so amended as to read: "A bill to au-
thorize an increase in the rank and file of the Ar-
my."
The bill was then sent to the Senate for concur-
rence.
Mr. BOWLIN moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole 011 the state of
the XJnion, (with a view there to move to take up
the bill from the Senate to provide for raisin0" a
recipient of mounted riflemen; and the bill to&es-
tablish military posts on the route to Oregon.)
Mr. Ct. DAVIS desired to move a suspension of
the rules to enable him to offer a resolution; but
the motion was not in order, pending the motion
of Mr. Bowlin.
Mr. BAYLY desired the floor, but for what pur-
pose the reporter could not learn.
Mr. BOWLIN asked the yeas and nays on .his
motion, which were ordered; and, being taken, re-
sulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Quincy Adams, Atkinson, Barrin--
ger, Bedinger, Benton, Biggs, James Black, James A.
Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Bmikerhoff, Brockenbrougii, Brod-
head, William Brown, Burt, William W. Campbell,-
Catheart. Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke,
Cobb, Collin, Cranston, Crozier. Cullom, Cummins, Can*
mngliam, Daniel, Dargan, Delano, De Mott, Dillingham,
Dobbin, Douglass, Dromgoole, Ellsworth, Erdman, Faran,
Ficklin, Gentry, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Grover, Hamlm,
Haralson, Harmanson, Hoge, Hopkins, George S. Houston,
Huugerford, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jenkins,
James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Preston King, Leake,'
Leib, I<a Sere, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClean, McClelland,
McConnell, James McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin,
Barkley Martin, Miller, Morse, Moulton, Niven, Owen,,
Parrish. Payne, Perul, Perry, l'iielps, Price, Ramsey, Bath-
bun, Reid, Relfe, Bitter, Sawyer, Scammon, Seaman, Sed-
don, Severance, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims,
Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stark-
weather, Stewart, Sykes, James Thompson, Thurman-, Tib-
batts, Wentworth, Wick, Wood, Woodruff, Wood worth,
Wright. Yancey, and Yell—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Stephen Adams, Arnold, Ash-
mun, Baker, Bayly, Milton Brown, Carroll, Cocke, Culver,
Gairett Davis, Dixon, Dockery, John H. Ewulg, Foot,
Garvin, Graham, Grinnell, Hampton, Herrick, Hilliard,
Isaac E. Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard,
Hudson, Washington Hunt, Daniel P. King, Thomas Butler
King, Lewis, McGaughey, McHenry, Maish, Moseley, Pol-
lock", Julius Rockwell, Eunk, Truman Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Strolim, Thibodeaux, Thomai> 0!i, Tilden, Trumbo,
Vinton, and Young—45.
DEFICIENCIES IN APPROPRIATIONS.
So the House again resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the "Whole on the state of the Union, Mr.
Preston King, of New York, in the chair.
Mr. McKAY moved to take up bill No. 79.
Mr. BOWLIN gave notice that, if that motion
was rejected, he would submit the motion before
indicated by him.
The motion of Mr. McKay having prevailed—
The committee took up bill No. 79, being a bill
to supply deficiencies in appropriations for certain
objects for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1846.
The bill was taken up by sections.
Mr. McKAY moved an amendment, to insert
between lines seven and eight, the following:
" For the contingent expenses of the Senate,
being for printing and lithographing ordered by
the Senate during the first session of the 29th
Congress, $51,000."
Mr. McKAY stated that the whole fund for
printing, &c., for the Senate was exhausted, and
this amendment was necessary for the present
session.
The question being taken, the amendment was
agreed to.
The item appropriating for the Documentary
History, being under consideration,
Mr. McKAY moved to amend by adding thereto
the following proviso, (being the same as is ap-
pended in the bill to the item for the Congressional
Globe and Appendix:)
" Provided, That this appropriation, or any le-
gislation heretofore had in relation to said work,
shall not be deemed to authorize any further sub-
scription to said work, or the purchasing any
further volumes thereof."
Mr. McKAY said he thought the practice of
furnishing members with books for their individual
use should cease, as it had. already ceased in the
Senate. He wished it, however, distinctly under-
stood that, by this proviso, he did not propose at
all to interfere with the subsisting contract for this
work, but to prevent further subscription or pur-
chase.
Mr. PAYNE expressed his dissent to, and total
disapprobation of, the system that had grown up
of the purchase of books for members of Congress
for their own private use. It was a disgrace to the
body of which they were members.
Tn the course of his remarks,
Mr. J. H. EWTNG inquired if the gentleman
had ever received any books ?
Mr. PAYNE replied, that every book that had
ever been ordered for him was here, and at the dis-
posal of the Government. He had used them in
the discharge of his duties here, but they had never
been and never would be applied to his own private
use.
Mr. "WINTHROP said there were some other
more important items in this bill: there was an ap-
propriation of some $600,000 or $700,000 for the
payment of troops for the defence of Texas; and
