1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
558
he was somewhat surprised that the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means and the gen-
tleman from Alabama should have got up such a
debate 011 this stale matter of books. He hoped
it was not raised as a cover of more important
items.
He briefly opposed the proviso offered by Mr.
McKay—
And there followed an incidental conversation-
al debate between Mr. WINTHROP and Mr.
PAYNE, touching upon the propriety of the ap-
propriation for the defence of Texas, and upon
certain points connected with the familiar subject
of the course of Massachusetts statesmen on the
matter of supplies during the last war, the Hart-
ford Convention, the Nullification Convention of
South Carolina, <fcc.
Mr. SAWYER objected to this discussion on
the ground of irrelevancy, and pressed the point.
It was not, however, sustained by the Chairman.
Some conversation also followed between Mr.
McKAY and Mr. WINTHROP on the subject
before the committee.
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS earnestly opposed and
denounced the system of furnishing books to mem-
bers of Congress at the public expense-
Without further action, the committee rose and
reported.
Mr. McKAY offered a resolution to close the
debate to-morrow, at three o'clock.
Pending which resolution,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 96, 1846.
The Journal having been read—
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a
report from the Secretary of the Treasury, in obe-
dience to a joint resolution of Congress, commu-
nicating statistical information ill relation to agri-
culture, manufactures, domestic trade, and banks,
of the several States and Territories; which was
read.
SENATOR FROM THE STA.TE OF TEXAS.
"" Mr. CHALMERS presented the credentials of
Mr. Thomas F. Rusk, Senator from the State of
Texas; which were read.
The PRESIDENT administered the oath of
office to Mr. Rusk, after which the latter took his
seat.
PETITIONS.
Mr. BAGBY presented additional documents in
relation to the claim of the representatives of Ja-
cob Housman; wliich were referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of the Ameri-
can Shipwreck Society in Now York, praying the
enactment of a law for the better protection of the
lives and property of persons wrecked oil the
coast; which was referred to the Committee 011
Commerce.
Mr. D. also presented three remonstrances of citi-
zens of New York, against the renewal of the
patent heretofore granted to Jetluo Wood; wliich
were laid on the table.
Mr. D. also asked that James Rucluiimn have
leave to withdraw his papers; which was agreed
to.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition of citi-
zens of North Yarmouth, Maine, praying that the
bounties allowed to persons engaged in the cod
fisheries may not be discontinued; which was laid
on the table.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of citi-_
zens of Pike and Lincoln counties, in the State of
Missouri, praying to be protected in Uie posses-
sion of the lands purchased by them from the
United States, which proved to 6e within the lim-
its of a Spanish grant; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. McDUFFIE submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That Gilbert Stalker and N. B. Hill
have leave to withdraw their petition and papers.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Samuel A.
Morse. . , , ,
Mr. PEARCE, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained, leave to introduce a bill for the final ad-
justment of the accounts of some of the States;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. P. said the Senate were aware that, during
the late war with Great Britain, some States were
compelled to appropriate large sums of money for
their defence from invasion. These expenditures
were in fact advances to the General Government,
whose duty it was to protect the whole country
from hostile invasion. They were recognised as
such; and, accordingly, in the course of a lew
years after the close of the war, the States were
reimbursed the principal of the sums thus advan-
ced by them to the Government of the United
States. The interest which accrued on these sums,
however, was not then paid. But, in 1826 and
1827, various acts were passed providing for the
payment of interest to different States. These acts
prescribed certain principles for the computation
of interest, and rules for the application of pay-
ments, which are supposed to be inequitable. One
rule was, that no interest should be allowed where
interest had not actually been paid. Now, there
were cases, that of Maryland for instance, where,
though interest had not been paid, according to the
terms and construction of the law, it had been lost to
the State. Maryland liquidated in part the debts
which she had thus contracted, by transferring to
her creditors a six per cent, stock of the United
States, which she then held. She paid in an in-
terest-bearing fund, if not m money, and 110 dif-
ference in principle could be perceived between the
two cases. I am happy to say that the Senate's
Committee of Finance ut the present session have
admitted the equal equity of the two oases. They
have, upon this principle, reported a bill for the
payment to the State of Alabama of interest on ad-
vances made by that State for the General Govern-
ment during the Itite Creek war, I believe. An-
other objectionable rule in the laws referred to has
been so construed as to require the application of
all payments on account of these advances to the
liquidation of principal without reference to the
interest, instead of settling the arrears of interest
first, and then applying the rosiduo of the pay-
ments to the reduction of principal. The rule is
clearly at variance with the principles of law which
regulate such matters between individuals. The
bill winch 1 introduce is intended to remedy these
errors, and to effect an equitable settlement with
tho States. Mr. 1*. said he would only add, that
the Senate, somo years ago, had passed such a bill
as this—alike in principle, at all events, although
differing in language and in the details somewhat.
Tit E DEBATE ON OREGON.
Mr. ALLEN rose and said, that if there were
110 more reports to be made, he desired the indul-
gence of the Senate, while he recurred to some ob-
servations which lie had made two days ago, in
reference to an informal understanding that the
Senate would on a certain day proceed to vote upon
the passage of the Oregon resolutions. The sug-
gestions which he had offered 011 a former occasion
were made with a view of attracting the attention
of Senators to the question of fixing a definite day
on which tin' vote might be taken. Subsequently
to that time he had had an opportunity of ascer-
taining the views of many Senators 011 this subject,
and he believed ho might very safely express the
hope that tin: Senate would proceed to vote on the
question on Friday week, with a view to the final
settlement of it by a vote of this body. This, it
would be admitted, would afford ample time for the
fullest discussion of the question by those who de-
sired to discuss it. And he would suggest, though
it was a matter which was of course altogether
within the power of the Senate, and in which he
had no more right to have his wishes consulted
than any other single Senator, still he would sug-
gest, that, in order to afford the amplest opportu-
nity to tho Senators who had not yet spoken to
deliver their views, the Senate continue to sit the
whole week out.
There was some excuse for asking the attention
of the Senate to this matter, and it was found in
the fact that there must of necessity be a definite
period for the termination of the discussion. There
was some excuse to be found in the fact that many
Senators, in consequence of peculiar circumstances,
would, after the next ten days, be compelled to be
absent from the body for some time, and all were
anxious to be present when the vote was to be ta-
ken upon so important a question. He merely
threw out these suggestions. Of course the Senate
would act as they saw fit. He thought it propf,
however, to suggest what he believed to be the
prevalent opinioh of the body as to the time for
taking the vote on the question.
Mr J. M. CLAYTON said that he concurred
with the Senator from Ohio that some time should
be fixed for the termination of the debate, and he
would be perfectly satisfied that the vote should be
taken upon the day which the Senator had "a™ed-
He was aware that many Senators, who would be
reluctant to be absent when the vote was to be ta-
ken, would be compelled to be away for a time from
the Senate. He had no desire whatever to prevent
any Senator who desired to address the body upon
the question from doing so; but he thought the
j time named by the Senator from Ohio was a rea-
j sonable time, and sufficient to allow every benator
1 an opportunity to express his views. He diu not
I know that any debate which could now take place
I would change the opinion of a single member ot
I that body; still he was anxious to give every one
1 an opportunity to be heard. He could not con-
1 ceivc, after all that had been said, that it was pos-
; sible that any benefit could be derived from pro-
I tracting the debate beyond the time mentioned by
' the Senator from Ohio. He did not know what
the proper mode was, whether by resolution or by
a general understanding; he rose only for the pur-
pose of saying that he, for one, was satisfied with
the time named by the Senator.
Mr. ALLEN said he had stated what he under-
stood the practice of the Senate to be. It was
known to Senators that the previous question was
not in use, and it had never been the practice to in-
troduce a resolution for fixing the time for termi-
nating a debate. This was a practice which had
grown up elsewhere, but had never been intro-
duced into the Senate; the practice "was to have an
informal understanding, and to carry it out, by re-
fusing to adjourn until the question was taken.
Mr. NTL'ES said he concurred in the remarks
of both the honorable Senators who had just spo-
ken. He was not in favor of curtailing debate
upon any question, especially upon one of great
national importance like the present. At the same
time Senators must be aware that it is necessary
that the debate should be brought to a close; and
it seemed to him that the termination of the discus-
sion might reasonably be fixed for the day men-
tioned by the Senator from Ohio. The subject had
been before the two houses for a long time. In
the British Parliament they denominated a debate
which lasted twelve nights a " monster debate*,
this might, with great propriety, he thought, be
styled a " monster debate," as it had lasted near-
ly two months, and had exercised an influence on
tne business affairs of the country. It appeared,
therefore, to him, that it was very proper that the
present undefined position of the subject should be
changed by taking a vote. He thought the debate
should be brought to a close at as early a day as
that named by the Senator from Ohio, and, that
every Senator who had not yet expressed his
views might have an opportunity to do so, he for
one would submit to any degree of personal incon-
veniencc, and would be disposed to sit on the two
days in the week on which the Senate was in the
habit of adjourning, and to hear two speeches a
day.
Mr. JARNAGIN said there was no proposition,
he believed, before the Senate to adjourn over;
and he would remark that he saw no probability
of such a motion being made in the present state
of the debate, which, he trusted, would be allowed
to proceed until those who had not yet had an
opportunity to address the Senate might have
an opportunity to do so, and then the vote could
be taken. There was no precedent, he believed,
in that body, for limiting debate to a given pe-
riod. There was no precedent for urging for-
ward the close of a debate to such an extent that
two speeches must be delivered in one day. Some
gentlemen had taken two days for a single speech;
and, having said all they purposed saying, were
now anxious to hasten the debate to a close. He,
for one, did not purpose addressing the Senate
upon the Oregon question; but he now entered his
protest against the adoption of any rule or prac-
tice by which debate should be stifled in that body.
Gentlemen might determine for themselves upon a
motion to adjourn; whether it were expedient to
do so without having a rule to govern them. He
| did not understand the Senator from Ohio as pro-
: posing anything further than to bring the matter
