1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
tion that although called on explicitly a few days
ago, and although answering explicitly in response
to that call, yet that the Senate thmks there is
something behind which he has kept back, and to
which this body is justly entitled? I put that
question as to the effect of this resolution. In
justice to the Senate, I must repeat that I do not
believe that any such design is entertained; but I
speak of the appearance of this thing to the world.
I speak of the moral effect as indicative of a want
of confidence in the Executive, and that, too, when
engaged in a controversy with that Power repre-
sented as the greatest in the world—a controversy,
in the opinion of many Senators here, involving
the question of peace or war. That is all. Now,
I remember that, on a former occasion, when an-
other negotiation was pending—I believe when the
celebrated Ashburton ti eaty was pending—resolu-
tions of this sort were tendered—perhaps by my-
self—perhaps so. They were voted down. On
one occasion I remember tendering a resolution
similar to this, in legislative session, and it was
voted down on the ground that it should have been
offered in executive session. I changed it. I am
not at liberty to speak of its subsequent fate. But
at that time it was said—said by grave Senators of
long experience, older in the public service than
myself, and doubtless better able to judge of the
effect of such movements on the public interests—
that we must not embarrass the Executive with
such resolutions. Sir, such was the state of the
case 
Mr. J. M.- CLAYTON. May I ask what was
the object of that resolution ?
Mr. ALLEN. I think there were three or foul-
resolutions.
Mr. CLAYTON. Well, then, perhaps the Sen-
ator will have the goodness to inform us of the
character of any one of them ?
Mr. ALLEN. I think the one to which I last
alluded was offered during the negotiation of the
Ashburton treaty.
Mr. HAYWOOD. That was in Executive ses-
sion .
Mr. ALLEN. Perhaps there was one in tho
case of the negotiation of the Texas question. But
these were the reasons then given lor voting down
the resolutions—that 1 recollect well. Ami, sir,
when one was in the Presidential chair who was
not put there by the voice oi' the American people—
who was there under circumstances that deprived
him of the benefit of that confidence which every
other President of the United States had enjoyed—
even in that case, Senators did not. think proper to
embarrass him with such resolutions. Now, sir,
I wish the Senator to infer nothing as to what is or
what is not in existence from the fact that this op-
position of the resolution came from one connected
with the Committee on Foreign Relations. I wish
no such inferences drawn one way or the other. I
speak of this resolution as similar resolutions were
spoken of on former occasions, by graver and more
experienced men than myself, whose views pre-
vailed on those occasions against tho pujssage of
such resolutions; and I now renew the motion,
which was withdrawn by me in order to give way
to others who desired to speak, to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.  
At the request of Mr. CRITTENDEN, how'
ever, the motion to lay on the table wus again with-
drawn; and—
Mr. CRITTENDEN proceeded to observe that
he could not concur with the Senator from Ohio
that the adoption of the resolution would produce
the ill consequences which the Senator seemed to
apprehend. There was a broad distinction be-
tween this and the resolutions offered during the
pendency of the Ashburton negotiations, and the
distinction was this: They were now called upon,
according to the suggestion of the Senator from
Ohio himself, within one short week, to act upon
the " notice." They were to perform an act upon
which, in the judgment of some Senators, peace
or war depended. The information sought for
was of a character to enable them the better to de-
cide upon that question. It was not for the gra-
tification of idle curiosity; it was not for general
information and for general use, but it was for a
special purpose, and for the use of the Senate m
relation to a particular case, in which they were
called upon to act.
It seemed to him the most proper of all courses
(hat before deciding the question, they should have
all the information that had a bearing upon it, or
any relation to it. To procure that information
was the object of the resolution. The gentleman
from Ohio was opposed to anything that would
have the appearance of distrust of the President,
which might diminish that harmony that should
exercise its moral influence upon the pending con-
troversy. What sort of confidence was it that the
gentleman expected? Was it a proper and con-
stitutional confidence which of right should be re-
posed in the President of the United States, or
was it a blind and foolish confidence which the
gentleman required ? There need be no question
of faith and confidence m matters where it was the
right of the Senate to call for information to assist
Senators in forming their judgments. A confi-
dence which would preclude diem from the exer-
cise of the right to call for information transcended
the limits of official confidence, and recommended
official blindness and devotion. The same objec-
tion would apply to every call for information; it
might be urged in every instance as it was now
urged. Why, why call on the Executive officer, it
might be said ? Is he not entitled to all confidence?
Are we not bound to be assured that he will do
nothing that is wrong, but everything that is right >
Are we not bound to suppose he will communicate
everything? Was that the confidence wluch gen-
tiemen invited them to repose in the Executive?
Hereafter they would never he able to make any
call without bein^ met by the imputation that they
were expressing distrust of the President.
The gentleman from Ohio himself knew and ad-
mitted that it did not in fuct imply tiny want of
confidence, any distuist; but yet it would have the
appearance of distrust. It was sufficient to restrain
their hands from doing an an which was within
the pale of their legislative duties, because, in the
delicate relation wc heal' to the Piesident, it might,
hy possible construction, by inference in implica-
tion, appear to the inuigination of some to bear
the appearance oi distrust (|i tho President. It was
a new way of treating applications ot this soit. He
had but little expectation that anything would be
disclosed that would vary his course. And yet, it
there WHO any Senators who thought other wise,
he desired all the information that could be ob-
tained before voting upon a question of so much
importance, called upon as tlrey were to vole lor
the notice at a time when it wus represented that
negotiations were suspended. In the opinion of
some they ought never to have been suspended:
and, if suspended, they ought to be renewed.
But it was represented that negotiations were
suspended, that the negotiations were standing in
awful pause, and Congress was called upon to say
whether they would solve the diplomatic punctilio
by war. He desired to know whether the suspen-
sion still continued, and whether these taciturn
negotiators were willing that the two nations should
bo" driven headlong into a war. This was the ob-
ject of the resolution, and he trusted the Senate
'would see the propriety of adopting it.
Mr. MOREI-IEAD said he was somewhat sur-
prised at the ground on which the Senator from
Ohio was disposed to resist the application of his
friend from Delaware. It seemed to hun that, for
the very reason which the Senator himself sug-
gested, they ought, to have all the information which
the President of the United States might deem it his
duty to communicate to the Senate. If it were
true, as suggested by the Senator from Ohio—and
he supposed it to be so—that the adjustment of the
question now rested with the legislative authority
of the country, could there be anything more
propor than that they should be in possession of
all tho information that could be procured? Assu-
redly not. Were they to be called upon to decide
the destinies of the country without being advised
of all the circumstances of the case? Were they
to be required to assume the high responsibility of
determining the question of war orpeace without
being permitted to call upon the President in the
ordinary manner, for information, leaving it to his
discretion whether to give or withhold the infor-
mation? Were they to be told that a call of this
kind implied distrustofthePresident? That, though
no distrust was felt, the moral effect of the call
would be to imply distrust? And what moral effect
was there in the mere application, such as was made
every day, that the President would communicate
certain information, if, in his opinion, it did not
conflict with the public interests? It seemed to him
nothin" could be more proper than that the Senate
should°have all the information which it was in the
nower of the Executive to give. Under our insti-
tutions, questions of this sort were not to be sub-
mitted to the judgment of one branch of the Gov-
ernment alone, it was not for the President alone
to iudsre of what was important to be communi-
cated upon questions on which the Senate had to
act It was, he apprehended, their province to re-
quire all the information in the possession of the
There was another consideration which was
proper, perhaps, to be suggested. A great deal
might depend upon whether negotiations hadbee
finally closed. A great deal might turn on the
question whether one Government or we other,
or both, had submitted their last proposition for
the adjustment of the controversy. If they baa,
and the President of the United States, m answer
to that call, [should deem it his duty to inform
the Senate of that fact, he (Mr. M.) might deem
it his duty to stand by the Executive. It tne
President should inform them that the power oi
negotiation was exhausted, a new state of the
question would be presented, and it might be of
great importance that the fact should be known.
If negotiations were 'still pending, why, it would
throw a gladdening influence, he had no doubt,
over all the community, and the action of that body
might have a conservative influence. In every as-
pect, then, he thought it was highly desirable that
the resolution should be adopted.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, the further discus-
sion upon the resolution was informally suspend-
ed, and the Senate proceeded to the consideration
of
THE SPECIAL ORDER;
being the resolution proposing to give notice to
Great Britain of the termination of the convention
of 1827, which allows of the joint occupation of
the Oregon territory.
Mr. MILLER addressed the Senate. He ob-
served that the discussion which arose there that
morning, relative to fixing a day when the debate
should be brought to a close, convinced him that it
would bo terminated as speedily as would meet the
convenience of the Senate and the importance of
the subject. It was not his intention, till within a
few days, to trouble the Senate with any remarks
of his; but during the course of that protracted de-
bate it had assumed so many aspects, that he found
it almost impossible to express his real opinions
by a vote one way or the other. If it were not too
serious a question, it might afford a subject of
amusement to examine the various phases it had
assumed since first submitted to Congress. Atone
time it was a notice of war. At another it was said
to be a notice of settlement and peace. At one time
it was to put a termination to all negotiation. At
another it was the helpmate of negotiations now
pending. It varied according to the degree of lat-
itude. At one time it was to place our boundary
line at 54° 40', as that by which to stand by, to
fight by, or die by. At another time it was said
to offer a help to the President to settle on the basis
of 49°. It seemed to fall or rise according to the
position in which it was placed, and like the mer-
cury in the barometer, to go up and down accord-
ing as gentlemen placed their fingers on the bulb.
When touched by the warm hands of the Senators
from Indiana, [Mr. Hannegan,] from Illinois,
[Mr. Breese,] and from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] it
immediately went up to 54° 40'; but when the cool
and distinguished Senator from North Carolina
put his finger upon it, it fell as quickly to 49°; and
thus the same question was put up and down by
different gentlemen in different aspects. The re-
sult had been as various as he had stated.
In December last, the President, in discharge of
his high duty, informed Congress that all attempts
to negotiate or settle by compromise had failed,
and recommended to Congress to take a step—the
first in the course of measures—to assert our rights
to the whole of Oregon. Upon that message being
read, the distinguished Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass,] not then in his seat—a gentleman of
great experience, and undoubtedly actuated by
patriotic feelings and a high sense of duty, felt
it incumbent on him to call the attention of the
country at once to the means of defence, and the
necessity that existed of placing the country in
greater security by precautionary measures; and
he presented to the Senate various resolutions,
callmg upon the proper committees to inquire into
and provide for the efficiency of the army and
