1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
557
instead of conveying to this country all her pre-
tensions on the northwest coast, had conveyed
them to Great Britain, he would ask, would we
have surrendered Oregon on that occurrence? Or
would we have insisted on the discovery by Gray,
and the subsequent settlements made by American
citizens ? Certainly the latter could be done agree-
ably with the law of nations, and principles recog-
nised by the whole world. We had a good title
to Oregon. He admitted that, aijfl one they should
defend. The difference between them, perhaps,
was as to what they meant by the word " Oregon."
They had purely an American title made by them-
selves, by the discovery of the Columbia, and by
exploration, by settlement, by possession; a title
recognised by Great Britain in various ways and
shapes. It was for that he contended, and the
Executive or statesman who should settle it would
do a great service to his country. The only ques-
tion then was, What country did the American
title cover? He would say the American title
covered the territory lying between the Rocky
mountains on the east, and the Pacific on the west,
and extending from 42° to 49° north latitude.
That was all they could claim. The country had
been repeatedly described in the course of various
negotiations; sometimes it was called the northwest
coast, sometimes the valley of the Columbia, and
at others Oregon. But by whatever name it went,
we had ever confined our title to the country be-
tween 42° and 49°. In 1803, when the attention
of this country was first called to our rights there,
Mr. Jefferson authorized an exploration of thai
country. And what were those charged with that
duty sent to explore? Were they told to explore
beyond 40°—beyond the valley of the Columbia?
No; all they were directed to do was to explore
the valley of the Columbia. Again, in 1818, when
Mr. Monroe's attention was directed to the mat-
ter, they would find from a correspondence be-
tween the two Governments that although, in the
course of the diplomacy, we claimed up to 5-1° 40',
yet when the two nations came to act, the propo-
sition was to settle tins matter on the basis of 49°.
The same thing took place during the administra-
tion of Mr. Adams, and also that of General Jack-
son, who, in giving instructions, through his fciec-
retary ot"State, Mr. Forsyth, to Mr. , who
was authorized to undertake the exploration, di-
rected him to proceed to the mouth ot the Colum-
bia, and to examine the territory lying along that
river. It was confined to that, t'hero were no
pretensions at that time to f>4° 40'.
Mr. MILLER here referred to a report of the
late distinguished Senator from Missouri, (Dr.
Linn,) from which he read copious extracts tor the
purpose of showing that the American claim was
limited to below 49°. Mr. M. also displayed a
map accompanying the report, anil stated that the
line of 49° hud been extended to the Pacific upon
it—all within being denominated " Oregon territo-
ry," and all without, " British territory."
The Senator from Missouri, also, who was now-
present, offered, about the same time, a resolution
to settle the division of the territory on the parallel
of 49°; and he believed that Senator still occupied
the same ground.
Mr. BREESE here inquired the date of the re-
port from which he read.
Mr. MILLER replied its date was 18118.
Mr. BREESli then asked if there was not a note
appended to the map, stating the reasons why the
line of 49° had been extended to the Pacific. ?
Mr. MILLER replied in the ailirmative. The
reason was, that the line had been proponed by
our Government as the boundary. After reading
the report, Mr. M. continued to say, it was in vain
to contend against the accumulated evidence on this
question, as they found it through all previous ne-
gotiations, and down to this very day. When Mr.
Polk came into office, he found negotiations going
on based on that principle. He adopted it, and
made it his own, and continued it until, at last, he
made a proposition on that very basis of 49°, which
was rejected by the British Government, and then
he threw himself back on the claim to the whole
ur> to 54° 40'. And notwithstanding the President,
in his Inaugural Address, declared our title clear
and unquestionable up to 54° 40', he told us that
when he came into office he found negotiations go-
inf on leading to compromise such as was pro-
po°sed before." He said, although lie entertained
different opinions, he found himself embarrassed
by the course of his predecessors. What did he
mean by that? Embarrassed by the acts of Mon-
roe, of Madison, of Adams, of Clay, and of Jack-
son ? He (Mr. M.) once heard a judge say that he
would pronounce judgment in a certain case, if he
were not embarrassed by the Constitution. The
embarrassment of the President was of the same
kind; and it was very strange that the President of
the United States could deem it necessary to make
any apology to the country for repeating what had
been done by his predecessors for the last thirty
years. If the President and his Secretary of
State were embarrassed on this question, was
not the nation embarrassed too? Did they not
feel that they were treading on dangerous ground
in assuming a different position before the world
from that of their predecessors—in taking ground
never taken before by the wisest and best of men;
And were those who took a stand upon that same
ground to be charged with awant of nerve? Were
they to be told, when they stood where Jackson,
Monroe, Van Buren had stood, that they ex-
hibited want of nerve? Did they betray want of
nerve when they stood by the side of the Senator
from Missouri ? What was to prevent the con-
tinuance of negotiation, and the settlement of the
question by compromise? What was to prevent
the country from standing firmly on 49°, and set-
tling on that basis? Nothing had been brought
before them to change the position of the matter
but the resolution of the Baltimore convention.
It was said the President was committed by that
resolution. Now, when so much authority was
attached to this resolution, it was as well to enter
into a history of that convention. As to the Bal-
timore convention, he would refer to one or two
facts connected with the resolutions alluded to—
how very properly he would not say—in this dis-
cussion. They were smuggled into that conven-
tion on the fourth day, when three-fourths of the
members were absent. It was a fact that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, who was, he believed, in
favor of compromise on 49°, was a member of that
convention. So also was Mr. Butler, of New
York, the very particular friend of Mr. Van Buren
-—both of whom were in favor of 49°. Mr. M. then
alluded to a roast.given on .St. Patrick's day in Bal-
timore; given by a guest, Mr. O'Regon: " O'Regon
—Oregon: we will never permit a member of our
family to come under BriUsli tyranny and oppres-
sion. In his opinion, if it came to fighting, that
Irish title to the " whole of Oregony'would be
much better than the Spanish title. As to settling
rights for themselves, which had been spoken of,
all he had to say was that they could hardly suc-
ceed in thus setting at naught the recognised law
of nations. The word "compromise had been
objected to. Soma gentlemen seemed to take the
alarm at the word " compromise." But the word
was not coined in tho Senate. Why, it was first
used by the President himself—it rail through all
the negotiations. If there were dishonor in that
word, the nation had been dishonored for the last
thirty years. Hut it was said national honor was
involved in it. If so, natioual honor was bound up
with degrees of latitude—it was merely a question
of degrees of latitude. He did not believe that
national honor was at all involved in the question.
National honor would be best acquired by a peace-
ful policy—that had always been the policy of the
United States. The magnificent territory of the
United States had all been acquired by peaceful
negotiation. Was that policy to be changed now?
Were they suddenly to disclaim negotiation, and
resort to war lor territorial aggrandizement? When
he looked over this mighty country, filled and
covered over with cities, towns, and villages, the
people all happy and at work, cutting down for-
ests and cultivating the earth—when he saw that
all this was the work of peace, he never could con-
sent, to such a change of policy. War had done
nothing tor them m the acquisition of territory.
Silent, inactive, apparently, yet progressive peace
had gained all.
Mr. M. then went on to say that the natural state
of the country of Oregon was as nature had left it.
It was an undiscovered country comparatively.
Captain Fremont had done more to make it known
than any officer of the Government,-or all the for-
mer efforts of the Government. Well, it had to be
settled by the United States, and brought under the
jurisdiction of civilized government. That was an
immense work; but it was the work of peace.
Was the flag of the United States to be carried
thither amid blood and carnage? Was that the
way in which civilization, and Christianity, and
freedom wei;e to be carried to the shores of the Pa-
cific? No; all that was to be done by peace—by
the woodman's axe—by the humhle, peaceful la-
bors of the hardy pioneer. Left to herself, Oregon
would soon become populous and independent; ana
it would be no treason to thecountry if any one were
now to set up an independent government there.
Every man who had gone into the territory ana
made a settlement, had done more for the prosper-
ity of Oregon than years of war could effect. But
if war should come, the Atlantic States, on whom
the blow would with the greatest severity fall,
would stand up for the country like an affectionate
father contending for the safety of a reckless son,
Still, if our flag floated over Oregon by command,
, he would recognise it as his country. He would
1 follow that flag, and wherever it floated, there
would he be found. The Senator from Missouri
had said he was willing to go to war with England
even in a doubtful case. That was an expression
greatly to be regretted—it betrayed more of zea
than discretion. It was madness. He (Mr. M.
had said at an early part of the session that nothing
but folly and wickedness could bring on a war out
of this question. So he still believed; and there-
fore thought there would be no war. There were,
in his judgment, wisdom and virtue enough in both
nations to prevent war. War! about what? The
use of a river of very little value ! No. As the
Senator from Kentucky said the other day, he
would say, where was the use of negotiators and
statesmen, if such a case could not be amicably
settled? The maxim—not the maxim—but the
principle that regulated the policy of the nations of
the world, was, that the preservation of peace was
the lushest duty. On that principle the United
States had uniformly acted, and hence their pres-
| ent happiness and glory—hence the glorious spec-
[ tacle thus presented to the world. And it was the
! solemn duty of the Executive to preserve that glo-
; rious picture unclouded. If, at the end of his term
I of four years, the present Chief Magistrate left his
! country in that condition, he would indeed be
: gratefully remembered by men of all parties.
! On motion by Mr. ALLEN,
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business; and after some time spent
therein, the doors were re-opened, and it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Thursday, March 26, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. G. DAVIS rose and moved a suspension of
the rules, to enable him to offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER said the motion would not now
be in order, because there was a resolution pend-
ing at the ad journment last evening, which was a
privileged question.
The SPEAKER then, by consent, laid before
the House the following
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
a report of the survey of Green Bay, in the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, made by Captain Williams, in
compliance with a resolution of the House of the
17th ultimo; which letter and report were laid upon
the table.
A map accompanying this report was referred
by the Clerk to the Committee on Engraving.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in obedience to the joint resolution of
the two Houses of Congress of the 15th of June,
1844, a report of the statistics of the United States;
which report was laid upon the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting, in pursuance of law, 175 copies of the
Navy Register for the year 1846; which letter was
laid upon the table, ana the said registers were dis-
tributed to the members of-the House.
DEFICIENCIES IN APPROPRIATIONS.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
unfinished business of yesterday, being the resolu-
tion of Mr. McKAY, providing that all debate on
the bill " to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for certain objects, made for the service of the.
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1846," should
