THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR Sc RIVES.
New Series....No, 36.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1, 184G.
son, Hoge, Hopkins, George S. Houston, E. W. Hutard,
James B. Hunt, Charies J. Ingersofl, James II. Johnson,
Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Sea-
born Jones, Preston King, Lawrence, Leake. La Here,
Levm, Ligon; Lumpkin, McClean, McCrato, McKay, Bark-
iey Martin, Monlton, Parrtsh, Payne, Pernll, Phelps, Price,
Keid, Ritcer. Roberts, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Seddon,
Alexander D. Sims, Leomird H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas
VA ^0"ert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather. Jas. Thomp-
son, Thurman, Tibbatts, Tredway, Wick,|Williams, Wil-
mot, oodward, Yancey, and Yell—06.
So the vote was not reconsidered.
Mr. THOMAS B. JC1NG rose to make an ex-
planation in reference (he was understood to say,
though scarcely heard) to a remark made bv the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,"[Mr.
I. E. Holmes.]
Objections were made.
AMERICAN WATER-HOTTED HEMP.
The bill from the Senate, (on the Speaker's ta-
ble,) authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to con-
tract for the purchase of American water-rolled
hemp for the use of the navy having been taken up,
and having been read a first and second time by i s
tide,
Mr. I. E. HOLMES said that it was a very im-
portant bill, and that it had passed the Senate, bv
general consent, without going on the docket. If it
was not passed at once, he was informed that many
persons would be prevented from planting hemp in
the season for planting- it. He asked therefore that
the House would act upon it at once.
The bill having been read through for informa-
tion,
Mr. P. KING inquired if it necessarily involved
an appropriation, and therefore must be committed ?
The SPEAKER thought not.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading rum1.
And having been read a third time by Us title,
Mr. LEAK.E moved that it be committed to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, with instructions to
insert the following words:
" Provided, That American water-rotted hemp
can be had as cheap as other hemp."
And the affirmative vote having been taken, stood
60.
Mr. LEAKE now asked the yeas and nays on
his motion, which were refused.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative without a division.
So the motion to commit was rejected.
And then the bill was passed.
Mr. McKAY (at half past three) moved the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Pending which motion,
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 27, 184C.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER proceeded to rail for reports
from committees.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on the
Post Officc and Post Roads, made an adverse re-
port upon the case of William Fuller, late a mail
contractor ill the State of Georgia; which report
was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. McILVAINE,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be discharged from the considera-
tion of the cases of George Hale and George V.
Mitchell; and of citizens of Northumberland coun-
ty, in the State of Pennsylvania, for an annual sal-
ary to the postmaster of that place; which petitions
were laid upon the table.
Mr. PAYNE, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill to amend and con-
tinue in force the act to incorporate the inhabitants
of the city of Washington; which bill was read
twice and committed.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to reorganize the Treas-
ury Department; which bill was read twice and
committed.
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN,
38
Ordered, That the said Committee be discharged
from the consideration of the petition of Joseph D.
Hills, and (hat it be committed.
Mr. THUUMAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made an adverse report upon the peti-
tion of members of the bar of western Michigan,
for a division of the State into judicial districts;
which was laid upon the tnble.
On motion of Mr. VINTON,
Ordirid, That the Committer on Commerce be
discharged from the consideration of the resolution
of the House of the Kith of January, instructing
them to inquire into the expediency of reporting a
bill providing for the appropriation of a sufficient
sum of money to complete the marine, hospitals
commenced on (he sites owned by the United States
neav Pittsburg, in Pennsylvania; Louisville, in
Kentucky; and Cleveland, m Ohio. Also, from
(he consideration of the petition of citizens of Ohio
![ for the reduction of appropriations for the support
jj of the army nnd navy. Also, from the considera-
jl lion of the petition of citizens of Summit county,
|| Ohio, for the improvement of the Mnumee river;
' and that said resolution mid petitions he laid upon
; the table.
I |
Mr. L1GON, from the Committ<c of Hums,
|j mndo adverse reports upon the cases of (odeon
|j Walker anil of Alexander King: which reports u ere
| laid upon the table,
I' Mr. L. also. from the same committee, to which
!! was lvfcirn) tlx' revolution from the,Venule for the
i relief of Peter Gornmn, reported the same without
I; amendment, accompanied by a report m writing,
jj Ordrrtd, That (he said resolution be committed.
'! Mr. It A N (i'.l,, fVoni the same committee, made
|! an adverse report upon the memorial of J. ~SV.
j! Crane; which report was laid upon the table.
|i Mr. 1). also, i'lom tin1 same committee, made
II a report upon the petition of John O.'irr, John
|| Bfintty, mid S. Stevenson, accompanied by a bill
j! for their relief; which bill was read twice and cottt-
!! mined.
i1 Mr. POLLOCK, from the Committee of Claims,
Ij reported « bill supplementary to the joint resolution
j| authorizing the accounting officers of the treasury
to audit and settle the accounts of Will. P. Zont-
i! zinger, approved loth of .Kmc, 184-1, accompanied
jj by a report in writing; which bill wns read twice
! ami committed.
i! On motion of Mr. P.,
i] Ordered. That the Committee of Claims he dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of
Jiuiies J. Mackall, ami others, heirs and represent-
atives of Captain John G. Maoknll, nnd that it be
laid upon the. table.
Mr. McCLELLANO, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported bills of the following titles,
viz:
A bill e.oneernine the, custom-house at Castine,
in the State of Maine;
A bfll relating to the collection district at New
Orleans, and for other purposes; accompanied by
a report in the first-mentioned case; which bills
were severally read a first and second time, and
committed.
Mr. YOST, from the Committee on Engraving,
reported the, following resolution;
Resolved, That the, map accompanying Doe. No.
162, relative to the transportation of the mail be-
tween this and foreign countries, as transmitted to
this House, be published with the said document
which has been ordered to be printed by the
House.
Which resolution was agreed to.
Mr. TTlLLfARD, from the Committee on the
Post Officc and Post Roads, reported the following
resolution, viz:
Scolred, That so much of the letter of the Post-
master General addressed to the House, under
date of March 9th. 1846, as relates to the estab-
lishment of an Atlantic line of mail-steamers, be
referred to the favorable consideration of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, that the appropriation
asked for by the Postmaster General may bo pro-
vided for.
Which resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HILL1ARD, from the same committee, to
which was referred the said letter from the Post-
master General, relative to the transportation oi
the mails bet" ecu this and foreign countries, made
a report upon so much of the same as relates to an
Atlantic line of steamers; which report was laid
upon the table.
And, on motion of Mr. IT., five thousand extra
copies were ordered to be printed.
Mr. GILES, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a hill for the relief of the Red River Rail-
road Company, accompanied by n report in wri-
ting; which bill was read tu ice, and committed.
Mr. TIBBATTS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to amend an act entitled "An
net to provide for the better security of the lives of
passengers on board of vessels propelled in part or
in whole by steam,'' approved July 7th, 1838, ac-
companied bv a report; which bill was read twice.
Mr. TIBB'ATTS, from the minority of said com-
;l mittee, reported an amendment to said bill. Or-
ji dcred that said bill and amendment be committed,
i Mr. McCLELLAA'D, from the Committee on
I Commerce, made an adverse report upon the peti-
tion of .Tames Fraziei; which report was laid upon
the table.
; Mr. .U-CI.ELL'VXD, from the same committee,
to which tile petit,mis upon the subject were re-
f ferretl, reported a hill concerning certain collection
■ districts, and for other purposes; which bill was
rend twice, and committed.
Mr. McC. also, from the same committee, re-
; poited a bill making appropriations for the pur-
II chase of a site, t,\ ith the buildings thereon, near
' the city of St. Louis, for a marine hospital, ae-
J, companied by a report, in writing; which bill was
! rend twice, committed.
! Mr. SI MP,SON, from the Committee on En-
graving, made an adverse report upon the case of
Thomas Sanford; wiiic.ii was laid upon the table.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on the
Post Ofii'-e and Post Roads, reported the following
resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That a,000 extra copies of the report
of the Committee on the Post Office arid Post Roads
on the subject of the foreign mail steamers be
printed for the use of the House of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. GRIDE ft,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
ClaiiiiM be discharged from the, consideration of the
petition of Sally Ketcimm, and that it belaid upon
the table.
Mr. LUMPKJX. from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made a report upon the ease of John
McAllister, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
winch bill was re;><! twice and committed'.
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the payment of horses or other property
lost and destroyed 111 the militaiy sen ice of the
United States," approved the 18th day of January,
1837; which bill was read twice and committed.
Mr. FICICLIN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, made a report upon the case of
the heirs of General Thomas Sumter, late of South
Carolina, accompanied by a bill for their relief;
which bill was read twice and committed.
On motion of Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be discharged from the consideration of the
petition of the widow of Thomas Gibson; and that
it be committed.
Mr. GR1DER, from tlie same committee, re-
ported a bill to establish a board of commissioners
to examine and decide certain claims against the
United States, accompanied by a report; which
report was committed.
Mr. R. CHAPMAN offered the following reso-
lution ; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire info the expediency of al-
lowing the United States attorney for the northern
district in Alabama additional compensation for
attending the courts and acting as district attorney
