562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
for the middle district in Paid State, under the act
establishing said middle district.
Mr. B. THOMPSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made a report upon the petition
of Bennett M. Dill, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which bill was read twice and committed.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the same committee, to
which the subjcct was referred, reported a bill for
the commencement of fortifications at Sackett's
Harbor, New York, accompanied by a report in
writing; which bill was read twice and committed.
?vfr. NIYEN, from the same committee, to
which the subject wjs referred on the 20th of Feb-
ruary last, reported a bill authorizing an appro-
priation to construct works of defence on Dau-
phin Island, Alabama, and at Proctor's Landing;,
Louisiana, accompanied by a report in writing;
which bill was read twice, and committed.
Mr. YELL, from the Committee ou Military
Affairs, to which the subject was referred, report-
ed a bill to establish an armory at Fort Massac, in
the State of Illinois, accompanied by a report in
writing; which hill was read twice, and commit-
ted.
Mr. Y. also, in pursuance of notice heretofore
given, asked, obtained leave, and introduced a hill
to establish a board of commissioners to examine
and decide certain claims against the United States;
which bill was read twice, and committed.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on the Mi-
litia, to which the subject was referred, reported
a bill to regulate and enforce returns for the mili-
tia and for olher purposes, accompanied by are-
port in writing; which bill was read twice, and
committed.
On motion of Mr. AF.BOTT,
Ordered^ That the same committee be discharged
from the consideration of the petition of Thomas
Abbott, and that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. S. D. HUBBARD, from the Committee on
the Militia, reported a bill to rud and encourage
the States respectively to raise, and organi/e, and
officer, a legionary corps within each of the same,
and for other purposes, accompanied by a report
in writing; which bill was read twice and commit-
ted.
Mr. EICKLIN, m pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked, obtained leave, and introduced a lull
for an net to grant eighty acres of land to e.tch
head of a family, under ccitain conditions; which
bill was read twice and committed.
Mr. THOMAS B. KING, from the Committee
on Naval AlTaiis, to which was r< furred the petition
of John G. Warden, reported a bill for his rchrf;
which bill was read twi.-e and committed.
Mr. D. P. KING, fiom the same committee,
made a rcpoit upon the memorial of .Tames P. Es-
py, accompanied by a joint resolution, for apply-
ing Espy'is ventilator to the hall of the House of
Representatives and to the Senate chamber; which
resolution was read twice and committed.
Mr. WOOD, from the same committee, made a
report upon the memorial of Wiinier Shields, of
New Orleans, one of the hens of Thomas Shields,
accompanied by a bill for the relief of his legal
representatives ; which b; 11 was read twice and
committed.
Mr. DOUGLASS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to which was leferred the bill to define the
boundaries of the, State of fowa, and to repeal so
much of the act of the 3d of March, 1845, as relates
to the boundaries of Iowa, reported an amcndatnrv
bih.
Ordered^ That the said bill be committed.
Mr. DOUGLASS, from th* same committee,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the 20th, 21st, and 2'?d days of
May next be set apart for the consideration of
business relating to the Territories of Iowa and
Wisconsin.
Which resolution wrs agreed to.
Mr. T. B. KING, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
James Hamilton and Ph. Schuyler, reported a joint
resolution for the purchase of the right to use their
invention for sawing ship timber; which resolution
was read twice and committed.
Mr. M. L. MARTIN, by leave, presented a re-
port of the House of Representatives of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, with the report of Captain
Barney, upon the subject of the improvement of
the harbor of Potosi, in Wisconsin, together with
a map of that improvement; which reports were
committed.
Mr. GRIDER, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
executors of Colonel Abraham Bowman, deceased;
which bill was read twice and committed.
Mv. GRIDER, from the minority of the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, made jin adverse
report upon the petition of Francis Lloyd, the
administrator of the estate of Surgeon John Rob-
erts, deceased 5 which report was laid upon the
table.
! Mr. HERRTCIt, from the Committee on Revo-
.! lutionary Claims, made an ad\crse report upon
i the petition of the widow of Samuel Scott; which
report was laid upon the table.
] Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
'! Revolutionaiy Pensions, to whom was referred
the memorial of Mrs. Martha Gray, widow of
!l Captain Robert Gray, the discoverer of the Colum-
'! bia river, leported a bill granting her relief, accom-
pamed by a report; which bill and report were re-
■ I ferred to the Committee of the Whole House, made
the order of the day for to-moirow, and oidered
!i to be punted.
i Mr. B. also reported a bill for the relief of Pat-
! riclc Mastorson; which was referred to the same
committee, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. B. also reported adversely upon the petition
of Mrs. Lucy Davis; which report was laid upon
the tabic, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. B. also reported adversely upon the peti-
tions of Francis Green, Benjamin Hansford, the
heirs of Mary Patton, Jedcdiah Morse, Hannah
Reck, Jeremiah Ehott, and Judith E. Eggleston,
and askf d that the committee be discharged from
their further consideration, and that they be laid
upon the table.
On motion of Mr. P., the committee was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the me-
morials of Moses Noyes and Major Moses Van
Canipen; and the same were referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. 1>M the petition of Stephen
Benton was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensionj.
Mr. vSYKES, from the Committee on Patents,
reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin Tatham,
Henry B. Tatham, and George N. Tatham.
Mr. HARM ANSON, on leave given,and in pur-
suance of pro\ious notice, introduced a bill to cede
lands to certain parishes in the State of Louisiana,
ns a levying fund; referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the Committee on the
Judif inry, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole
House on the htate of the Union be discharged
from the consideration of the resolution reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary, relating to the-
purchase of the tenth volume of the Laws of Con-
iriess, and that the whole subject be referred to the
Committee on Engraving; and that the said com-
mittee be, and they are hereby, directed to pur-
chase the said tenth volume, of such person or per-
sons as will furnish the same at the cheapest rate,
the quality of the work considered: and the Clerk
of this House is authorized and required to pay for
said books out of the contingent fund of the House
of Representatives at the contract price, which shall
be reported to him hy said committee.
Mr. McCONNELL moved that the resolution
he laid upon the table; which motion was rejected.
And the question recurring on the adoption;
Mr. WINTHROP briefly opposed the resolu-
tion.
Mr. RATHBUN sustained it by a few words,
and then moved the previous question.
Mr. COBB asked him to withdraw it.
Mr. RATHBUN declined.
And the question being taken, the aifimative vote
stood 30, noes not counted.
So there was not a second.
And the question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution;
Mr. COBP> opposed it.
Air. GORDON moved to amend the resolution,
by striking out all after the word ''resolved," and
inserting:
" That a select committee of three be appointed
to inquire into the publication of the tenth volume
of the Lows of the United States, and of the copy
of said laws, as authorized by the last Congress,
and to purchase the usual number of copies of said
volume, where they can procure the best at the,
lowest price." ~ .
Mr. THURMAN made a few remarks in favor
of the original resolution.
Mr. BIGGS made some inquiries from Mr. Wix-
throp as to the present state of the publication by
Messrs. Little &. Brown; to which -
Mr. W1NTHROP replied.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. GORDON, and it was agreed to.
And, as thus amended,. the resolution wai
adopted.
The following is #the committee appointed;
Messrs. Gordon, Hudson, and Bell.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill making appropriations
for certain improvements in the Territory of Iowa;
which bill was read twice and committed.
Mr. JOSEPH R. !NGERSOLL,from the Com- _
mittee of Ways and Means, reported the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the resolution instructing them to inquire
into the expediency of directing the United States
Mint and its branches to convert all foreign coin-
which is, or may be, owned by the General Gov-
ernment into the legal com of the United States.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, from the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, made a report upon the
I petition of Abraham Aiismen, accompanied by a
i bill for his relief; which bill was read twice and
! committed.
! Mr. BELL, from the same committee, made
adverse reports upon the petitions of P. Branch, J.
Klive, and D. Towle; which reports were laid
upon the table.
On motion of Mr. B.,
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be discharged from the consideration of the
petition of B. Cressey; and that it be committed.
[A message from the Senate by Mr. Dickins*
their Secretary:
Mr. Speaker: The Senate have passed a bill
entitled "An act for the relief of George Wan-
thing," in which I am directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.]
Mr. BOBERT SMITXI, by direction of the
Committee on Roads and Canals, moved that the
memorial of RobertMills,relative to his improved
road-way be printed; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. PERRY gave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a bill to surrender the stock held by
the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, made reports upon the petitions of G. Kel-
ly, B. Allen, and A. Goodwin, accompanied by a
report in each case; which reports were severally
read and committed.
On motion of Mr. MOULTON,
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be discharged from the consideration of the
petitions ofWm. Brown, N. Cole, jr., A. Dough-
ty, D. P. Perkins, B. G. Perkins, j. Sylvester, S.
Page, J.Stanet, S.Thue, S. Bladgett, J. Hanigan,
J. Dutton, and Wm. Pittman, and that they be laid
upon the table.
Mr. GOODYEAR, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, made a report upon the petition of
J. Dussean, accompanied by a hill for his relief;
which bill was read twice and committed.
On motion of Mr. G., by leave,
Ordered, That the petition of Martha Olney be
j committed.
| On motion of Mr. P. KING,
I Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
| sions be discharged from the consideration of the
■ petitions of Moses Holden, Stephen Barton, David
I Sage, and John Mitchell: >dso, Asa Sprague,Dan-
| iel Dugan, Levi H. Parrish, Eliphas C. Brown,
[ Orinda Cooper, Otis P. Ladd, Wilbam Slocum,
i and Giles London, and that thev be laid upon the
| table.
j Mr. MOULTON, from the same committee,
1 made a report upon the petition of John Campbell,
' accompanied by a bill for his relief; which bill was
■ read twice and committed.
; Mr. M. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports upon the petitions of B. Rowe, S,
. Caswell, B. Wright, O. Herrick, M. Davis, and
