1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
56 8
J. Plummer; which reports were laid upon the j
table. ,
Mr. PRESTON KING, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, made a report upon the petition
of Justin Jacobs, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief; which bill was read twicc and committed.
Mr. K. also, from the same committee, made a re-
port upon the petition of Daniel Pratt, accompanied
by a bill for his relief; which bill was read twice
and committed.
Mr. K. also, from the same committee, made ad-
verse reports upon the petitions of Jonas D. Piatt, 1
John Ingraham, Wm. H. Wilson, Charles Wads- j
worth, and March Farrington; which reports were j
laid upon the table. I
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made a report upon the petition of Surra-
nus Cobb, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which bill was read twice and committed.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, made ad-
verse reports upon the petitions of John Downs,
George Norton, Daniel Morse, and .Tared Gossage;
which reports were laid upon the table.
Mr.'ATKINSON, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, to which was referred the bill
providing: a similar compensation for the oflmcis
and soldiers who served in the Indian wars prior
to the treaty of Greenville, in 1795, as is now au-
thorized by law to be paid to the officers and sol-
diers of the revolutionary war, reported the same
without amendment, accompanied by a report ad-
verse to the passage of the bill: ordered that the
said bill be committed.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made a report upon the memorial of
Thurman Gnllusha and others, accompanied by
a bill to repeal an act granting a pension to Peter
L. Allen; which bill was read twice and commit-
ted.
Mr. SEAMAN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported bills ol" the following
titles:
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Belts;
A bill for the relief of Mary Phelps;
A bill for the relief of Mary fSeuar:
A hill for the relief oi' Oathm-uic Fulton;
A bill for the relief of Kli/.abeth K. lirunot;
A bill for the relief of Polly Damron;
A bill for the relief of Francis Hutumch;
Which bills were each accompanied by a report;
rend twiec, and committed.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. SEAMAN
asked, obtained leave, and introduced a bill for the
relief of James Jones; which bill was rend twice
and commuted.
Mr. WEAMAN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made adverse, reports upon
the petitions of Sarah Hammond, widow* of J.
Hammond, Elizabeth MeClain, widow of .Ionium
McClain, Susan Aldrich, widow of Uustavns A1
dricb, Joanna French, widow of Nathaniel I'rench,
Abigail Church, widow of J. Church. Abigail
Linuley, widow of Lieut. Levi Linloy, l!o\-nnnn
Moore, Sally Tyler, Charity ClmthHd, Esther
Humphries, Anna Bissell, Kitniee Huekman, Polly
Mahl, Elizabeth Randolph, Polly Owen, lluldaii
Sax ton, Sarah Scove, Catharine Adair, Mar^aiet
Corvvin, Catharine Jackson, Ann Pearsey, Re-
becca ISoyd, Hannah Stevenson, I fuldali iXorris,
Anne Iloyall, Nancy G-. Van Rensselaer. John
Vice, John Reed, Peter Dunbar, Molt Wilkin-
son, Keziah Hobart, Frederick Cribbs, Levi Ni-
chols, and Noah CUrk; which reports were laid
upon the table.
Mr. BENJAMIN THOMPSON, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, made a report upon the
petition of Bennett M. Dill, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which bill was read twice, and com-
mitted-
Mr. JENKINS, from the Committee oil Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made a report upon the peti-
tion of Jonathan Brown, accompanied by a bill for
his relief; which bill was read twice, and commit-
ted.
Mr. J. also, from the. same committee, made
adverse reports upon the petitions of Jacob Pat-
rick, Susan Belknap, widow of Isaac Belknap, Eli-
zabeth Grinnell, widow of John Redington, and of
Nicholas Otman, Abraham Bouck, and Peter and
William Otman; which reports were laid upon the
On motion of Mr. BRINKERHOFF,
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be discharged from the consideration of the
petitions of citizens of Atchison county, Missouri,
relative to the establishment of military posts on ;
the northwest of the State of Missouri; also, from i
the consideration of the bill to construct a military
road from Fort Adams to Newport, in Rhode
Island; also, from die consideration of the petition ,
of William W. Ilnbbell, asking Congress to ap-
propriate money to continue experiments in his
explosive shell; and nls'i, from the consideration
of the resolution of the House of December 9th,
1845, referring so much of the Annual Message of
the President of the United States as relates to the
condition and operation of the armv of the United .
States, to forts, fortifications, and military posts ,
on the line to Oregon, <fcc.; and that they be laid
upon the table. |
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, 1
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be discharged from the consideration of the
joint memorial of the Legislature of Alabama,
!j praying the establishment of an armorv at Tusea- ,
: | ioosa, and from the pi tition of citizens of Lancaster
!' county, Pennsylvania, relative to the advantages ;
:j offered bv Columbia as a site for one of the na- i
I tional foundries proposed to be established, and j
It that they he committed. ,
|| On motion of Mr. ILVUALSON, !'
Ordwal, That the Committee on Military .Af-
fairs 1)0 discharged from the consideration of the j
letter of John A, WYhhcr, military stoiekeeper fit |
Waterlown, Massachusetts, iclathe to the pay of
military .storekeepers, and (Hat. it he laid upon the j
tahlc. j
Mr, BRINK MR] IOpF, from the Committee on J
Military Allaire, m<uif tin mlversc rrnort upon the j
petition of Uiihanl Knzpntrick; winch leport was
laid upon the I:ihle. ,
Mr. THOMPSON, from the. Commit- j,
tee on Indian Allaire, reported n hill to repeal an \\
aet entitled " An aet for the relief of the Stockbrid^e !j
trihe of Indians," approved March 3, 1^43, and for !!
other purposes, aecompanied by a report m wri-
tin<c; which bill was rend twice, and committed. i
Mr. HKNTON, from the snme commuter, made 'j
an adverse report upon the petitions of Shapen- >l
iloshia mid nine other Miami Indiana, and of David ,
' h\wtcr mul other while men, praying (hat the said
, fmlmns ho allowed to remain ami receive their au-
j nuitk'K in Indiana, winch reports were laid upon
I the table.
| On motion of Mr. HARALSON,
| Orikred, That the, Committee on Military Af-
' fairs be discharged from the. consideration of the j
' memorial from the military convention of Pennsyl-
! vania, on the subject of the militia system.
! Mr. AfWRKW JOHNSON, in pursuance of
i previous notice, asked, obtained leave, and intro-
: dueed a hill to authorize every poor man in the
United Stntcs who is tho head of n family, to enter
| one hundred ami sixty aeres of the pubhe,domain,
1 "without money amf without price;" which bill
| was reml twice and commuted.
! Mr. OATHCAUT, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the
. j(«;rn| representatives of Thomas Murray, Jr., nc-
eompanied hy a report in writing; which bill was
read twice and committed. ji
, Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, from the Commit- j;
tee on Italian Alfaisp, made an unfavorable report jj
upon the petitions of James iC. RauTm<>s, and the i
| heirs of Jotm Motlow; which reports were laid ;
! upon the tahle. ■)
Mr. 1'OWLIN, from the Committee on Private j'
Laud Claims* made a report upon the petition of j'
, James Journey, accompanied by a bill for his re- i;
lief; which bill was read twice and committed. Jj
Mr. M0U£K, by leave, presented resolutions of ji
■ the JLe<riplaturo. of Louisiana, relative to the erec- i|
tion of siifh fortifications and armaments as will I1
effectually se.etne tlie city of New Orleans from in- \',
vasion; mhieh resolutions were committed. L
( Mr, STEPHEN ADAMS, from the Commit- ||
tee on Private Land Claims, made an adverse re- ji
| port upon the petition of Mary Nations, widow of jj
1 Christopher Nations; which report was laid upon
, the table. ( [■
i Mr. A. also, from the fame committee, made a !
, report upon the petition of Jose Carxillo, accom- I
- panied by a hill for his relief; which bill was read i
twice and committed.
j On motion of Mr. CLARKE,
| Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
i Claims be discharged from the consideration of the
petition of the heirs and representatives of Ferdi-
nand Hopkins, deceased; also, from the petition
of the heirs of Jacob Cohen; also, from the peti-
tion of Lucy Alexander and others, heirs of Dr.
Lawrence Brooke; also, from the petition of the
heirs of Alexander White; and that they be laid
upon the table. . .
Mr. BOWLIN, from the Committee on Private
Lam! Claims, made unfavorable reports upon the
petitions of Ira Baldwin, heir of Adino Goodenough,
and Jacob Ken; which reports were laid upon the
table.
Mr. HERRtCK, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, made an adverse reportupon the
petition of the widow of Samuel Scott; which re-
port was laid upon the table.
Mr. TT. also, from the same committee, report-
ed a hill for the relief of the widow and legal rep-
resentatives of James Hall, deceased; accompanied
by a report m writing; which biil was read twice
and committed.
Mr. ST. JOHN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, made an advetse icport uy>on the
petition of the heirs of Regnal Aillary; which re-
port was laid upon the table.
TIIE NATIONAL DEFENCES.
The Committee on Naval Affairs having been
called—
Mr. J. E. HOLMES rose and said:
Mr. Speaker, it will be recollected that yester-
day, in answer to an inquiry put to me as chair-
mnn of the Committee on Naval Afhiirs, I said that
the Secretary of the Navy had sent in a communi-
cation recommending the building of ten steam-
vessels; and that he had subsequently transmitted
a report from the heads of bureaus containing cer-
tain recommendations, which had been sent to the
Senate; hut that he had made no communication,
cither approving or disapproving, endorsing or dis-
avowing these' recommendations. It is due to
tho Secretary, howe\er, that I should send to the
Clerk's table to be read, as i now do, a letter which
he did send on that occasion. The House can
then jud«;c whether there was or was not any sanc-
tion or disappro\al of the recommendations of the
bureaus.
The SPEAKER.^ Does it come from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs ?
Mr. HOLMES. A'es, sir.
The letter was then read, as follows:
" Navy Department,
<k Washington Oityy January 14, 1846.
" Sir : I have the honor to enclose, for the information of
the Naval Committee of the House of Representatives, a
copy of a report made to this Department by Commodores
Morris, Warrington, Crane, and Shubriek, in reference to
the necessity and manner of increasing the Navy.
"The resolution of the Senate committee having been
Homowhat more ppocifie in Hs inquiries than that of the
Houmo committee, the enclosed copy will lie found more
detailed m it* statements than that which I had the honor
to transmit to you during the !a^t week.
" Vory rc^p^ctfullv, vourd,
 GEORGE BANCROFT.
Hon. I ft. IIot,Mrs, &c., &e."
The SPKAIvER. How does the gentleman
propose to dispose of this letter?
Mr. HOLMES. I move that it be laid on the
table, and printed.
Strong objections were made, especially to the
printing.
J\Tr. HOLMTCS. Tt is due to the Secretary that
it should be printed.
Mr. CHIPMAN. Not at all; it is a private
communication from the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. G*. W. JONES demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion of Mr. Holmes, but withdrew the
demand.
Mr. BURT rose 
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
Mr. BURT. I am aware of it. I do not rise
to debate.
The SPEAKER. What does the gentleman
desire?
Mr. BURT. I wish to inquire whether this
communication embraces also the communication
from the Secretary of ihe Navy to which it refers >
The SPEAK ER. The Chair knows of no mo-
tion to print anything except what is before the
House.
And the question being taken, the communica-
tion was not laid on the table, nor ordered to be
printed.
And no action was taken upon it.
Mr. T. E. KING rose and said: I have been
