564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27s
directed, Mr. Speaker, by the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to make a verbal statement in relation
to 
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON, (interposing.) That is
not in order as a report from a committee. I ob-
ject. It is a matter which the gentleman endeav-
ored yesterday to cast upon tins House, and which
the rule precludes.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES. The committee have in-
structed the gentleman to make a report, and he
is now about to do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. King] is entitled to the floor if he has any-
thing to present to the House which is legitimate-
ly in the nature of a report from a committee.
Mr. KING. I have not endeavored to cast upon
this House anything which it was improper to
bring before it, nor to do any act which was not
in perfect conformity with the views of the com-
mittee of which I am a member.
Mr. CHIPMAN. 1 rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
point of order.
Mr. CHIPMAN. It is this: That it is not
proper for a committee to make a verbal repoit to
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is disposed to
think that any report from a committee, whether
verbal or in writing, is in order. It is not cus-
tomary to make verbal reports, but the Chan-
knows of no rule of the House that prohibits them.
Mr. KING. I will detain the House only a few
moments. The Committee on Naval Affairs
thought it was due to itself, in consequence of the
message which was transmitted to the Senate two
or three days ago by the President of the United
States, to make a statement to the House setting
forth the reasons why it had brought forward no
measures to provide for the increase of the nrival
sen ice of the country. It is simply to exonerate
themselves from any censure on the part of this
House, or the country, that the committee desire
to make this statement.
The President of the United States, in his Annual
Message of December last, recommended in gene-
ral terms an increase of the naval force of the
country, and especially of the steam branch -of it.
But no estimates from the Navy Department, em-
bracing any views in relation to such increase,
were sentm. The estimates fiom the department
for the repairs and increase of the navy were pre-
cisely 
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON, (interposing.) I rise to
a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. King] will suspend his remarks. The gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] will slate
his point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is this: Whether it is not
in the power of the House to make an order re-
quiring the Committee on Naval Affairs to submit
then' report in writing? If so, I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is disposed to
think that the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ki\*g]
cannot make, in the form of an official report, a
verbal statement; because every report from a com-
mittee must be presented in some such tangible
form as to be the subject-matter of any motion—
whether to lay on tiie table, to commit, to post-
pone indefinitely, or any other motion—which may
be submitted in relation to it.
Mr. KING. I ha\e a paper here from the Sec-
retary of the Navy which I propose to 
The SPEAKER. The House may give the
gentleman leave to proceed, ]f it thinks proper;
but the Speaker is of opinion that, without such
leave, the gentleman cannot make his statement;
because it presents no basis for the action of the
House; or for a motion to print, which is a uni-
versal motion with icports of committees.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I object to the gentle-
man's proceeding.
Mr. KING. I hold in my hand a communica-
tion from the Navy Department, of the 8th of
January last, which I ask may be received as part
of the report which I am instructed to make.
The SPEAKER. Is it a report from a commit-
tee?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I object 1o the reading.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, (to the Chair.)
Does the gentleman present this as the report of a
committee ? "*
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already ask-
ed that question.
[There was great confusion in the Hall.]
Mr. McKAY rose to inquire if the morning
hour had not expired.
The SPEAKER said it had expired.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. DANIEL hoped the House would not put
aside the regular orders of the day—the private
calendar.
Mr. KING inquired whether it was in order for
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. McKay]
to submit this motion, when he (Mr. K.) was on
the floor?
The SPEAKER said, that whenever the morn-
ing hour had expired, it was in order to make any
motion, no matter what report or what business
was pending at the time.
Mr KING. I had not yielded the floor to the
gentleman to make any motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had ceased to
address the Chan*.
Mr. KING. For the moment I had ceased,
whilst I sent a communication to the Clerk's table
to be read; but i had not yielded the floor.
Mr. McKAY. As I understand that there are
yet many members who wish to make reports
from committees, I will withdraw my motion.
So the motion to go into committee was with-
drn wn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Kin-g] has sent to the Clerk's table a paper
which he desires may be read. The Chair now in-
quires of the gentleman whether it is a report from
the Committee on JNa\al Affairs?
Mr. KING, I stated that I sent it to be read as
a portion of the report which I had been directed
bv the committee to make.
"Mr. JAOOR THOMPSON, (to the Chair.) Can
the gentleman refer to this House any single paper,
and say that it is a report in part, and then pro-
ceed to make remarks ?
The SPEAKEK. The Chair has decided that
the gentleman has a right to present any paper
here, if it comes from the Committee on Naval
Allans. After it has been presented, it is compe-
tent for the House to decide what shall be done.
Mr. S. JONES rose to a point of order. He sub-
mitted that the gentleman could only make a report
from the committee m writing, such as they would
be responsible lor to the House.
Mv.13AK.ER. The Chair has decided that the
report shall be read. If the gentleman over the
way [Mr. Jones] does not like the decision, let
him take an appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. King] has a
ri^lit to make a written report from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, in any form he may please.
The gentleman asks that the report may be read.
But that is a question for the House, not the
Speaker, to decide. A gentleman mny ask for the
reading, but the House must say whether the pa-
per shall be read or not.
Mr. S. JONES. I say this, that the gentleman
cannot make an argument as a report, unless he pre-
sent s it from the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands the
matter.
Mr. KING. I certainly did understand the Chair
to dccidc, at the outset of these proceedings, that it
was competent for a committee to make a verbal
statement by way of report, and to substantiate that
statement by papers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wishes to be dis-
tinctly understood. The Speaker, upon the first
blush, when the gentleman first rose, thought that
the gentleman could make a report m any form he
pleased, verbal or otherwise. But upon lefiect'on,
the Chair is satisfied that nothing can he called a re-
port, or consequently be presented to the House as
such, unless it comes m some tangible, jm.lpa.ble
form, upon which the House can act.
Air. KING. "\Vell, sir, I do not desire to detain
the House, or to do anything that conflicts with its
rules, its spirit, or its inclination. If the House is
not willing to hear the verbal statement which I was
directed to make, I will withdraw' the paper I sent
to the Clerk's desk; and submit it hereafter in wri-
ting as a report from the Committee on Naval Af-
fai rs.
[Cries of "Agreed—that is what we want.-"]
So the paper, without having been read, was
withdrawn.
Mr. KING: [continuing and concluding:] And
now I desire to make some reports from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, which are in writing.
[These reports will be found under the proper
head.]
The House consented to postpone other busi-
ness, until the committees had been called through.
Mr. THOMAS B. KING asked leave to pre-
sent a resolution. .
Objection was made.
Mr. McIIENRY made a similar request
Objected to. ' -
RULES OF THE H0USEU
Mr. WOODWORTH (leave having been de-
nied) moved that the rules be suspended to enable
him to give notice that he would hereafter move
the following as an amendment to the rules:
" Resolved, That the rule recently reported from
the Committee on Rules and adopted by this
House, in relation to internal improvement bills,
be applied to all bills raising revenue or appropri-
ating money.'' . -
Mr. W. asked the yeas and nays, which were
ordered; and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q,umey Adams, Anderson,
Arnold, Ashmun, Baker, Barringer, Bell, Bianchard, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Baffington, William W. Campbell, Car-
roll, Cathcart, Cocke, Colktmer, Constable, Cranston, Cro-
zier, Culver, Cummins, Darragh, Gat rett Davis, Jefferson
Davis, De Mott, Dillingham, Dixon, Dockery, Buniap,
Foot, Fries, Gentry, Giddinjrs. Giles. Graham, Grid«i>
Hampton, Harper, Henley, Herriek, Billiard, John W.
Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hungmord, Washington
Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingcrsoil, Jenkins, Daniel
P. Kin??, Thomas B. King. Lewi«, Levin, MoCJpan,McClel-
land, Joseph J. McDowell, McGaughey, McHenry, Mcll-
vaine. Marsh, AliJJer, INiivcn, Parrish, PernH, Perry, Pollock*
Ramso)', Relfe, Julias Rockwell, Root, Runk, Sawyer,
Scammon, Sehenck. Seaman, Severance, Tinman Smith,
Albert Smith. Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Starkweather,
Stewart, St. John, Strohm, Thihodeaux, TJiomasson, Ben-
jamin Thompson, James Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts,
Tilden, Trumbo, Vinton, Wentworth, White, Winthrop,
Wooduiff, Woodworth, Wright, Yell, and Young—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bedineer,.
Benton, Ri^ss, James Black, James Black, Boyd, Burt,
Jolm H. Campbell, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Cliipman,
Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Cullom, Cunningham, Daniel, Dob-
bin, Douglass, Dromgoole, Erdman, Faran, Fieklin, Foster,
Goodyear, Gordon, Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Harmanson>
Hoge, Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins, George S. Houston, Ed-
mund W. Ilubard, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geo.
W Jones, Lawrence, Leake, Leib,Licon, Lumpkin, James
McDowell, McKay, Barkiey Martin-, Mdtdton, Owen,'Payne,
Phelps, Rathbun, Reid, Ritter, Roberts, Sawtelle, Alexan-
der D. Sims, Leonard II. Sims, Thomas Smith, Stanton,
Sykes, Trcdwav, Wick, Williams, Wilmot, Woodward,
i Yancey, and Yost—71.
So, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
THE NATIONAL DEFENCES AGAIN.
Mr. G. DAYIS moved that the rules be suspend-
ed to enable him to offer the following resolution,
which was read for information:
Resolved, That the President be requested to in-
form this House whether, in his judgment, any in-
crease of the army or navy be now necessary and
proper, and if any, what increase ought to be made
to the army, and what to the navy, respectively.
Mr. SCHEJSTCK indicated a modification which
should embrace the expense, but which Mr. Davis
did not accept.
Mr. BURT moved that the resolution be laid on
the table.
The SPEAKER said that the resolution was not
yet in possession of the House.
Mr. G. DAVIS asked the yeas and nays on his
motion to suspend the rules, which were ordered;
and being taken, resulted as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. John Q,. Adams, Arnold, Raker, Bar
ringer, Bell, Bianchard. Buffington, William W. Campbell
Can oil, Cocke, Cranston, Ciozicr, Culver, Dargan, Dar-
ragh, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dixon, Docketv, Foot, Gen-
try, Graham, Grider, Hampton, Harper, Hernck, John W.
Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hum,
Joseph R. lugeisoll, Darnel P. Kiug, Thomas Butler King,
Levin. Long, McGanffhey. McHenry. Mellvaine, Marsh,
Miller, Mo^elcy, Pollock, Ramsey, Julius Rockwell, Root,
Runk, Sehenek, Seaman, Truman Smith, Albeit Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Stewart, Strohru, Thibodcaux, Thomas-
son, Benjamin Thompson, Trumbo, Vinton, Winthrop,
Wright, and Young—61.
NAVS—Me^rs." Stephen Atfame. Anderson, Atkinson,
Bcdir.ger, Benton, Bisrgs, James Black, James A. Black,
Brockenbroncrh, William G. Brown, Burt, Cathcart, Reu-
ben Chapman, Olatke. Cobb, Collin, Cudom, Cunningham,
Darnel, Jetieaxm D.ni.-. De Motr. DiHinsham, Dobbin,
: Donglnv-, Dvomaoole, Dunlap, Erdman, Faran, Fieklin,
I Foster. Fiies, Garvin, Giles, Good)ear, Gordon, Grover,
. Haialon, Harmanson. Henley, Hbgc, Hopkins, Hough,
Geoige S. Houston, Ilungeiford, James 13. Huut, Jenkins,
.Tnniex fi. Johnson, Jo-eph Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Preston King, Law-
rence. Leake. Leib, Lewh, IJgon, Lumpkin, MeClean.
