566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 28, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday (the reading having
been dispensed with) was approved. D
_ Mr. HENLEY, by leave, gave notice of a mo-
tion for leave to introduce a bill for the erection of
a dam at the falls in the Ohio river, for the pur-
pose of improving the navigation of said river.
Mr. YOST, from the Committee on Engraving,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the maps accompanying the re-
port of the Commissioner of the General Land Of-
fice, as transmitted to this House, be published,
with part of said leport which 1ms been ordered
to be printed by the House; which resolution was
agreed to.
A PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF rose and asked leave to
make a personal explanation.
Leave having been granted,
Mr. B. said: I do not take the daily National .
Intelligencer,but the tii-weekly only. Therefore I
for the fust time this morning I have seen its ie-
port of the speech of the gentleman from Indian,i,
[Mr. McGai-giiey,] a portion of which places me
in a ridiculous position; and one which is as un-
true as it is ridiculous. The gentleman, spealdno-
in opposition to the bill reported from the Oonv
mitteee on Military Affairs, then under discussion,
impugns the motives of members who favored its
passage, and makes assertions characterized !>v
what I cannot but consider an extraordiuary de-
gree of recklessness. He savs:
" He very well understood the manoeuvring that
' was going on. Certain men, by a gerrymander-
' ing operation, were brought into Coil areas to
' misrepresent their constituents; and when they
' dreaded a reckoning, it might prove a very con-
' venient thing to retire from legislative toils to a
' post in the army. Provision must be made for ,
' gentlemen so situated. Then members of Con-11
' gress might become colonels, wlnlc their cousins I!
' and their brothers, and their family friends and |i
' dependants might be placed in the smaller posts. 11
* It was a very easy thing to increase the standing j!
' army, but very difficult to decrease it after men M
' had got a vested interest in a good living. When II
' had the United States ever lieen known to do it? |l
' They had in one case, he believed, put a reo-iment
' of mounted men on foot, but no general reduction !}
' had ever taken place." jj
The report then goes on to say: jj
" Mr. Brimkeriioff here interposed to remind |
' Mr. McG. that the present number of the ttand- !i
' ing anny of the United States was much less that
'it had teen at the close of the last war, and it'j
' would continue to be less, even should this bill !i
* pass." j!
Now, (continued he,) "Mr. Bkinkerhoff in- i[
terposed to intimate to Mr. McCtadoiibt" do such I
thing. He did not allude to the reduction which i
took place at the close of the last war at all. The !
gentleman thought proper to construe his remarks j
to that effect. He set up a man of straw, and then !
knocked him down with an air of triumph'—a mat-
ter very easy to accomplish. What he (Mr. B.)
did say was, that the peace establishment after the
war, and the peace establishment before the war,
was greater than the present peace establishment,
and greater than the present peace establishment
would be after it had been increased by all the ad-
ditions proposed by the bill reported from the
Committee on Military Affars. Yet the gentleman li ^essra- THOMASSON, D. P. KING, GOIl-
says that no such reduction has taken place. Now 'DON, BAilRlNGER, HAMLIN, JOSEPH J.
the Secretary of War and the Commander-in-chief, i JHl DOWELL, ItATHBUN, S. ADAMS, DAN-
(who is the gentleman's candidate for the next1, J. JOHNSON, and B. MARTIN, partici-
presidencv. I nresunuO savdirecthr tiiec^iitraTO h paK-d.
presidency, I presume,) say directly the contrary.
The report from the commanding general of the
army, (General Scott,) communicated to this House
at the commencement of this session, savs:
" Exclusive of commissioned officers, the
peace establishment was, from 1808 to 1812, 9,198
men; from 18I.> to 1851, 11,596, (including, said
Mr. B., not only Mr. Madison's Administration
after the war, but the whole of Mr. Monroe's first
term,) and at the date of the last reduction in 1843,
1I.5J0; since that reduction, as at present, 7,833."
Phis is the true state ot the case: and it con-
iirms what I said in the debate alluded to.
The SPEAKER pioceeded to call the commit-
tees for reports.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, the House re-
The question on the motion of Mr. Giiovf.r was
then taken, and having been agreed to—
The bill was ordered to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it do not pass.
The committee then rose and reported.
On motion of Mr. BRINKERHOFF the Com-
mittee of the Whole was discharged from the con-
sideration of the bill for the relief of John Stock-
ton, and it, was recommitted to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr, DANIEL, the Committee of
the Whole was discharged from the. consideration
of the bill to provide for continuing certain public
works in the Territory of Wisconsin;
And the bill to enable the Secretary of the Navy
to purchase the right of using Mix's patent manger-
stopper ;
solved itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr.
McIj.vaine of Pennsylvania in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the private cal-
endar.
On a suggestion by Mr. GENTRY,
The bill for the relief of George Mavfield, which
had heretofore been objected to, was laid aside to
be reported to the House.
The bill for the relief of E. .T. W eed coming up,
Mr. DAN! I'J, brietlv slated his reasons why
lie thought it should not pas,3.
j 3VIr. POLLOCK said a few words in its favor.
( Mr. HU^TGERFOIID moved that the bill be
i reported to the House, with a recommendation that
j it do not pass.
| The motion, by aves 65, noes 49, was agreed to.
'So the hill was ordered to be reported to the
House, wiili a recommendation that it do not
pas>\
The bill for the relief of Asa Armin^ion and
othcis comm& up—
The report, on a call, was read.
Messrs. HAMLIN and A. JOHNSON opposed
the bill.
Messrs. CONSTABLE and LAWRENCE
brielly advocated it.
Mr. CORDON moved that it be reported to the
i House with a recommendation that it do not pass;
: which motion, by ayes 80, noes not counted, was
j agreed to.
j the bill was ordered to be ieportrd to the
. House, with a recommendation that it do not
| pass.
j A bill for the relief of Mary Ami Burner coming
j up—
The report was read.
| Also, on a su^estmn by Mr. MeGAUGHEY
' and Mr. MrCLRtlNAND, the report made by a
j select committee during the la.st Congress.
! Mr. GROVER moved that the lull be reported
| to the IJou.se, with a recommendation that it do
i not pass.
! Mr. McG AUG HE Y spoke briefly in favor of
| the bill.
Afier a few words from Messrs. McCOXNELL,
ASTTMTTN, and DANIEL,
The bill was ordered to be reported to the House,
wiih a recommendation that it do not pass.
Th« bill for the relief of William R. Saunders
and Wdham R. Porter coming up,
Mr. THURMAiNr stated briefly the facts of the
case, and expressed his own opinion to be that the
bill should not pass.
Mr. LK AKE called for the reading of the report,
(which was read.) mid made a brief explanation in
defence of the bill.
After a few remarks fiom Messrs. JOSEPH J.
Mcdowell, pettit, rati-ibun, gid-
DTNGS, and J. JOHNSON,
Mr. DANIEL moved that the bill be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do not
pass; which motion was rejected.
The lull was then laid aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Lieutenant Jonathan
Dye coming up,
The report was read.
Mr. CrROVEli asked some.explanations.
Mr. J. JOHNSON gave them.
Mr. g ROVER moved that the bill be reported
to the House, with a recommendation that it do
not ptiss.
A desultory discussion followed, in which
And they were committed to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JAMES A. BLACK moved that the Com-
mittee of the Whole be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill for the relief of Peter Gor-
man.
Mr. B. said that Gorman was contractorfor the
road from the Capitol to the navy-yard and con-
gressional burial ground. The contract was at a
low price; the work was well done. All, I believe,
(continued Mr. B.,) who have examined the facts
are convinced of the justice of the claim. The Sen-
ate have acted promptly, and I learn unanimously.
The committee of this House has done the same.
Gorman is a poor man, and now pressed for the
I funds to pay his workmen. Gonnan thinks, as he
; has labored to .smooth our path to the grave, that
| we will not hesitate to acknowledge our obligation.
I hope the House will not disappoint this reason-
able expectation.
The motion having been agreed to—
Mr. B. moved that the bill be put on its third
reading.
Mr. HOPKINS objected to talcing bills up out
of their regular order.
Mr. BLACK said this was a peculiar case.
Mr. HOPKINS said there were many peculiar
cases.
Mr. BLACK moved the previous question.
Some conversation followed on a point of order,
(as to the necessity of commitment,) in which
Messrs. VINTON, HOPKINS, and McCLEL-
LAND participated.
The SPEAKER decided that the bill must b®
considered in committee before it could be finally
acted upon.
Mr. HAMLIN moved an adjournment. Re-
jected.
Some further conversation followed, in which
Messrs. RATHBUN, COBB, THOM ASSON, and
BOWLIN participated.
When , on motion of Mr. BLACK, the bill was
recommitted to the Committee of the Whole.
The bill or) the Speaker's table for the relief of
the legal representatives of Col. William Grayson
coming up—
After a few remarks from Messrs. CLARKE
and RATHBUN,
Mr. LEAKE demanded the previous question,
which was seconded;
And the main question (on the engrossment) was
ordered.
Mr. GRAHAM asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered; and
Mr. SEAMAN moved that the House-adjourn;
which motion (after some difficulty about a quo-
rum) was rejected.
The question on the engrossment of the bill was
then taken, and decided in the negative—yeas 61
nays 04.
So the bill was rejected.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 30, 1846.
SENATORS FROM TEXAS.
Mr. RUSK presented the credentials of his
colleague, General Samuel Houston, of Texas;
which were read, and Mr. Houstos havino- re-
ceived the oath of office, took his seat in thelsen-
ate.
Mr. SPEIGHT observed that, under the Con-
stitution, further "action was necessary in relation
to the Senators from Texas, to wit: their classi-
fication—and submitted the usual resolutions, to
the effect thai the Senate proceed to classify the
Senators from Texas, in their respective classes of
scrvice, ill the mode prescribed; which resolutions
were agreed to. Thereupon, three ballots were
placed in the ballot-box, and Mr. Houston drew
No. 1, which assigned him to the class of Sena-
tors whose term of service expires in ltjlT, and
Mr. Rusk drew So. 3, placing him in the class of
Senators wlio e term of service expires in 1851.
PETITIONS.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the memorial of
merchants of Boston, Massachusetts, pravmg that
the bill to fix the value of certain foreign coins, in
computation at the custom-houses, may not be
made to embrace Turkish coins; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Finance.
