568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March .301
tlement. That basis is the offer made by the Uni-
ted Siatcs to England in 1826.
There is no room to doubt, I think, that this
country is ready to stand by that, offer, substantial-
ly and in effect. Such is my opinion, at least, and
circumstances certainly indicate that Great Britain
would not, in all probability would not, regard
such a proposition as unfit to be considered. I
t-'aid, some weeks a^o, that I did not intend to dis-
cuss titles at length, and certainly not to adduce
arguments against our own claim. But it appears
to "me that there is a concurrence of arguments, or
considerations, m favor of regarding the 49th par-
allel as the just line of demarcation, which both
countries might well respect. It has, for many
years, been the extent of our claim. We have
claimed up to 49°, and nothing beyond it. We
have offered to yield everything- north of it. If is
the boundaiy between the two countries on this
side the Rocky mountains, and has been since the
purchase of Louisiana from France.
I do not think it important either to prove or dis-
prove the fact, that commissioners under the treaty
of Utrecht established the 49th parallel as the bound-
ary between the English and the French posses-
sions in America. Ancient maps and descriptions
so represent it; some saying that this line of bound-
ary is to run "indefinitely west," others saying, in
terms, that it extends "to the northwestern ocean."
But what is more important, we have considered
this boundary as established by tiie treaty of
Utrecht, at least on this side of the Rocky moun-
tains. It was on the strength of this that we drove
back the British pretensions, after we had obtained
Louisiana, north, from the head-waters of the Mis-
sissippi to this parallel of 49°.
This is indubitable. We have acted, therefore,
and induced others to act, on the idea that this
boundary was actually established. It now so
stands in tho treaty between the United States and
England. If, on the general notion oC contiguihi,
or continuity, this luie be continued indefinitely
west,'1 or is allowed to run to the northwestern
ocean,'' then it leaves on our side the valley of the
Columbia, to which, in my judgment, our title is
maintainable on the ground of Gray "s discovery.
The Government of the United States has never
offered any line south of forty-time, (with the navi-
gation of the Columbia,) and it never will. It be-
hooves all concerned to regard Una as a settled
point. As to the navigation of the Columbia, per-
manently or tor t\ term of years, that is all matter
for jiif-t, reasonable, and friendly negotiation. But
the 49th parallel must he regarded as the general
line of boundary, and not to he departed from for
any line further south. As to all siiaits, nnd sounds,
ami islands m the neighbour sea, all these are
fair subjects for treaty stipulation. If the general
basis be agreed t<->, , !1 the rest, it may be presumed,
may be accomplished by the cxercise of a spirit of
fairness and amity.
And now, Mr. President, if this be so, why
should this settlement be longer delayed? Why
should either Government holdback longer from
doing that which both, I think, can see must be
done, if they would avoid a rupture? Every
hour's delay is in jurious to the interests of both
countries. It agitates both, disturbs their busi-
ness, interrupts their intercourse, and may, m
time, seriously affect their friendly and respectful
feel ins: towards each other.
Ilaung saul tUia, Mr. President, it would be
needless for me, e\en if it were proper, to add
more. 1 have expressed my own opinions plainly
and without disguise. I think I see clearly where
this business must end, if it is to end without se-
rious collision; and I earnestly hope that those in
whose hands power is, oh both sides, will exercise
that power promptly, in removing the great evils
produ^ed'on both sides by the penuency of this
unfortunate, disturbing, and dangerous contro-
versy.
It is not a case m whi<*h cither Government .
should stand on matters offotm or etiquette. The ;
interests at stake are too important for that. It is !
not humi'iation, it is not condescension even, fori
either Government to signify to tho other Us readi-
nes* to do at once what it sees must be done ulti- 1
mateiy. Thus for, the dispute docs not touch the :
honor of either Government. Let, then, the pro-i
pitious moment be seized; let candor, and fairness, '
and prudence rule the hour: and let these two 1
great nations be restored to the full enjoyment of
heir vast, useful, and harmonious intercourse.
Mr. ALLEN said that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts having expressed it as his opinion that
the resolution calling for certain information from
the Executive should for the present be suffered to
lie on the table, which suggestion, he presumed,
would be complied with, it became unnecessary
for him to enter upon the discussion of that ques-
tion at this time.
The Senator from Massachusetts, however, has
made this the occasion of doing what I estimate
as of more importance than expressing his opinion
on the subject of this resolution. It is undoubted-
ly true that, constitutionally, and in our intercourse
with each other on this floor, all the members of
this body enjoy a perfect equality. But it is also
true, that the long experience which some Senators
have enjoyed, and the place they have acquired in
the judgment of their country, make what they |
say upon this floor of much more importance than :
if it fell from the lips of some other Senators. The j
Senator from Massachusetts has, for the first time, j
taken this morning, in this Senate, a position on j
the question of Oregon. Not only has he done I
that, but he has taken extraordinary precautions j
against the possibility of his position being mis- !
taken—a precaution that grows by no means out j
of any want of capacity upon his part to speak in !
this body without the aid of elaborate notes, j
There is a solemnity in the form with which the ;
opinions of the Senator from Massachusetts have j
been announced to-day, which, connected with the '
character of that Senatoi for ability and influence j
in this country, makes that announcement of great
importance in this contest. j
Three points he has distinctly stated: one is, ;
that, in his judgment, the President of the United j
States has made mistakes in reference to the Ore- f
i:on question. He has, in the judgment of that
Senator, made mistakes of several descriptions, i
but mainly in having asserted the title of the Uni- !
ted States to the whole of this territory up to the ■
Russian boundary, and that in the Message in '
which he recommends the termination of the sub- j
sistmg convention between the United States and I
Great Britain. Tho Senator from Massachusetts ;
thinks that by the assertion of that title in mime* 1
diate connexion with the recommendation of no- !
lice, the President of the United States has embar- |
las.sed this question: and that therefore, whatever i
may be the result of the action of Congress upon 1
the recommendations of the Executive, the Presi- '
dent of the United States, and not Congress, will j
be held responsible before the American people  !
that all the difficulties which may ensue in refer- j
ence to the Oregon question arc to be traced back ;
to this error on the part of the President commit- i
ted in his Message to Congress on the opening of J
the session. That is one of the points made by the 1
Senator. j
Now, sir, this is the first occasion, I believe—|
the very first occasion on which I have heard in j
this Senate any fault thus ascribed by any one
who has no difficulty in comprehending what the
President meant. Other Senators have said, " if the
Message means this, I am against it," and " if it
means that, I disagree with it." But the Senator
from Massachusetts has no doubt in his mind of
what the President meant; and with n full convic-
tion in his mind as to what the President did
mean, he ascribes to him the commission of a
great error in tins business, and therefore makes
him responsible for all .the consequences which
may ensue. That's one of the points made by
the Senator from Massachusetts.
Another point is—and it is a very important one—
that in the judgment of that greatly experienced
and greatly enlightened Senator, the public opin-
ion of both the United States and Great Britain is '1
concentrating upon a fixed mode of adjusting this !
difficulty; and that that fixed mode is the assump- -j
tion as'the basis of the adjustment, not the arbi- 1
trary line of 49°, but the proposition of 1826,
which went south of that line for the purpose of \
national advantage, yielding up the navigation of |j
the Columbia river to Great Britain. <j
Now this thing is announced to-day, as the first Ij
announcement in the Senate of the United States ij
this session of a disposition anywhere, (though T ji
see it in some of the papers for the last three days) 'I
—but the iitst announcement in the Senate of the j
United States of anybody, according to my recol-
lection, that there is the possibility, m any human '|
circumstances, of the United States conceding to ij
Great Britain the navigation of the Columbia river. ii
That is the point to which I desire to attract the
particular attention of the Senate. The public-
opinion of the two countries, according to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, is converging to the point
of negotiation upon the basis of the proposition of
1826, and we all know what that was. Now this
strange fact presents itself;.that we started out at
the commencement of this session of Congress
with claiming the whole of Oregon; at the end of
three months beginning to tremble on the 49th par-
allel; and at the end of three weeks more falling
back even south of that parallel; receding every
hour, until by the rules of legislative progression,
three months more will bring us to the point where
we will surrender the whole country to Great Brit-
ain in order to get clear of a war.
Mr. HANNEGAN. Let them try that!
Mr. ALLEN. All these things convince me
that the President of the United States has not
committed a great error; but that he has manifest-
ed great patriotism and great judgment in asserting
our claim as commensurate with our title to the
whole of this territory. The whole of this debate,
thus far, has proceeded upon the assumption—
which I believe is unsustained by any reason or
fact—a false assumption—that Great Britain has a
just right to a part of this country; and that she
will sacrifice no part of her just rights, but will
fight for them; and that therefore we must sacri-
fice a part of our just rights, rather than fight for
| them.
j Sir, if Congress had the first week of its session
| passed this resolution, and the next week had fol-
, lowed it up by a bill to extend our laws as recom-,
j mended by the Executive, this Oregon difficulty
1 would, in my judgment, have been, by this time,
i settled without blood or the loss of one acre of this
j land of the United States. But after we have wit-
i nessed, and the world has witnessed, what has
: transpired here—after Congress has faltered—or
| rather the Senate has faltered, in the face of a vote
| in the House of Representatives of three to one,
I and one over—and after a distinguished Senator at
| the end of three months of time proposes to fall
! back on the Columbia river—I ask any man, what
! is likely to be the course of Great Britain? Sir,
j this course of ours seems to invite her to claim the
| whole. Every inch that we recede from the ground
| we originally took, multiplies the chances of a
! fight for this country with Great Britain. Every-
i body must see this. When she sees hesitation 
: when she sees divided counsels—when she sees
the President censured for the manner in which he
has conducted himself on this subject—when she
sees three months of time wasted, and the arm of
the Government paralyzed at home, she will not
hesitate as to her course of policy on this subject.
Not at all.
But the Senator has laid down another proposi-
tion: and that is—I suppose in order to give public
opinion in the two countries time to settle down
upon the Columbia river as a boundary—that, in
his judgment, we ought to drop this business alto-
gether for a month; that we ought to postpone this
resolution. Postpone it! For what purpose? Why,
until another steamer can arrive here and inform
us whether or not Glueen Victoria is pouting at
us; to inform us whether or not the British Gov-
ernment are pleased or offended with our doings
here.
Sir, this is a species of national humiliation to
which I, for one, will never submit. It is time we
should not only speak, but act like men who are
conscious of being the representatives of an inde-
pendent Government, who understand its rights,
and would assert its rights, without any reference
to the question whether another Government was
pleased or displeased.
It was upon these three points I wished to fix
the attention of the Senate, because, as I have be-
fore stated, they have been made by that Senator,
with his standing in the country—made with ex-
traordinary solemnity—made with remarkable pre-
caution, as to each syllable to which the utterance
was given. All these things impress me with the
idea that wc arc to have more trouble growing out
of this Oregon question than we had before im-
agined. If there is war between these two coun-
tries on this subject, the cause of that war will be
found in the Senate of the United States—it will be
found m our hesitating course, in our divided
counsels, in the exhibition of an unwillingness
upon our part to sustain the rights of the country
by the force of the country. But I will not tres-
