1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
569
pass -on the time allotted for the general discussion
of the question; and as I believe the Senator has
acquiesced in the suggestion that this resolution
be passed oyer informally, I move that the Senate i
now proceed to the consideration of the special or- 1
der of the day.
Mr. A. withdrew the motion at the request of—
Mr. WEBSTER, who said: It is very true that
I expressed, with premeditated precision, my sen-
timents on this question. It is an important ques-
tion; it has respect to the interests of the two na-
tions, and that m a considerable exigency between
them. It is important, under such circumstances,
to be precise; and I may perhaps be permitted to
say that I do not think it would be very far out
of the way if some other gentlemen would adopt a
little of the like care to make their language on a
great national question like this somewhat correct '
and accurate. J
The gentleman sees fit to consider that this pro- i
ceeding will be regarded as a national humiliation. |
1 rather fancy not. 1 question whether the effect ,
will not be directly opposite; and if any counle- ■
nance in Great Britain, whether ill high or low ;
station, shall wear cither a pout or a sarcastic 1
smile, whether it is not more likely to be originated ^
by what has passed on the other side of the chain- I
ber than on this.
But one word on a matter more important. The
gentleman says that I have offered as a boundary
the river Columbia. Pray, let mo be understood.
Such a misapprehension of my words and my
meaning as this shows, it seems to me, that I was
not very far out when I took the precaution of
reducing what f intended to say to writing. What
I said w.us, (and I presumed not to dictate to the
Senate, or to speak ns ex cathedra,) that ill my
judgment public opinion m both countries tended
to a union on the general basis of (lie proposal
made by this Government to that of Knglund in
18-26. And I now ask the gentleman from Ohio
whether be does not think so himself? [Mr.
Allek expressed dissent.] Well, then, does not
he think that m this country public opinion is in
favor of taking as a basis of settlement the parallel
of 49?
Air. ALLEN, in reply, s,ud: 1 have no idea
that public opinion in this country has fixed or
will fix on any line south ot'the Russian boundary.
The proposition that the public mind, in both na-
tions, is in favor of the proposition in will
be considered as nmoiimiriff to this, that wo tire
willing to give up the navigation of the Columbia
river.
Mr. WEBSTER resumed. Well, if my opin-
ion is so very far wrong, if it is so wide iVom the
truth as all that, why, of course, it will go for
nothing. In relation to what, the gentleman Inst
said, 1 beg leave to state that what. 1 wii.l, with
cautious care, was, that public opinion was si'ltliug
oil the. line of 49° as a general basis of agreement.
I did not say the precise basis of all that was
offered in 1826, because 1 immediately added that,
taking the parallel of 4S)° as a general basis, that
then the navigation of the Columbia, either per-
manently or for a term of years, and tlmi of the
straits and sounds and islands on the coast, might
all be made a matter of friendly negotiation. 1 did
not recommend that we should decide either one
way or the other as to the use of tin1 Columbia
river. Not at all. What 1 meant, and what f
said, was. that if 49° should be agreed on as a
general basis, 1 was satisfied to negotiate about all
the rest. But the gentleman from Ohio and the
Senate will do me the justice to allow that 1 said,
as plainly as I could speak or put down words in
writing, that England must not BxrECT anything
south of forty-nine degrees. 1 said so in so many
words.
It is my opinion—I may be mistaken—but to me
it is as clear as the sun at noonday, that the strong
tendency of public opinion is, that we ought to
stand by our own offer made in 1826, in substance,
in effect. And was not that the doctrine put forth
by the honorable Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Calhod-v] the other day? And has it not been
proved that that has always been the extent of our
claim ? I think there are reasons why it should
be .
But I rose only to explain. I am of opinion that
this question must be settled, and settled shortly?
on the parallel of 49°. As to the navigation of the
Columbia, and the straits, and sounds, and islands,
hall tat is a fit subject for negotiation. But Eng-
land is not to expcct anything south of that bound-
ary. And f am persuaded that the people of the ,,
United States—a great majority of them—are con- ij
tent now to abide by what their Government offer- j,
ed to Great Britain in 1826. |
Mr. J. M, CLAYTON here rose and said: The i(
hour has arrived for the special order; and I do not jj
mean to detain the Senate from proceeding to its •
consideration. 1 feel, however, that it is due to ■;
myself to stole, that in offering this resolution, I
had not the remount design to embarrass the Ex- ■
ecutive of the United States. It has never, on any ,
occasion, been my purpose to give any embarrass- ,[
ment to the Executive. 1 thought that there were ,,
many gentlemen in the Senate desirous of obtain- 1
ing this information, with the view of governing j
their own conduct on this question. I supposed I
that the information thus sought would he essen- |
| tinlly pat'ilic in its character, and I think now, that -
' if obtained, it would piobahly increase the vote on ,|
the notice as heiii^ favorable to peace. Hereto- ;
fore I have intimated, and desire to express again ;
the same idea, that my own vote on this question ;
: would not be regulated by any information sent in
I reply to this resolution. I have long been warmlv
< of opinion that the notice ought to be given, and 1
I have publicly expressed that opinion in the course ,
j of the debate m ibis body. I think so now, no
: matter ulmt may be ibe condition of the negotia-
tion between thLs eountiyand the Kxeculive. I
j think no, because the coinention of ]H^7 bound us
! in such si manner—-*o shackled us that during its
i continuance it u ould he impossible lor this coun-
; try to acquire a clear and )  rl'ert title to any part
of the territory. We aie now, as us known to all,
. peopling that country Mi?h American citi/ens. It
in in out power to send one bundled emigrants to
Oregon for every one Holland can ^end. Aral yet,
1 while we aic tints filing the country with Amen-
' can citizens, we acquire no title whatevei by that ,
possession so Ion;; as the eoiiv< niton continues.
While it remains, the possession of one party is
; the possession of the other. As an American,
|! therefore, I am anxious to put an end to the eon- 1
vcntion, ami for the pui'pn.^e expiessed by die ■
I ['resident in bis Message, that we may the moie
effectually assert our rights there. I agree with
i! the Senator fiom (teorgui, that while the conven-
tion lasts \\c lane j^ot to acquire a title to that tcr-
ritory, aad never can pirfcot that title to any por-
, tion of it until the convention be abrogated. For ,
i: this reason, then, as an American, I am anxious ij
!' to terminate the convention. If T were an English- j
man, I should be equally anxious that it continue !!
' in force. ;i
No matter, then, what may he the information 1
, obtained in reply to the resolution I have offered, J
I feel bound to vote for the nonce: and I prefer it .
in the form suggrstrd by the Senator from Mary- ;
land, j Mr. Johnson, j which is hut a slight modifi- I
cation of that previously offered by the Senator j
i from Kentucky, [Mr CtmTEs'imwj
i One word in conclusion, in replv to the Senator ]
from Ohio, [Mr. Am.i:n\] He lias charged the >
M Senate of the United States with having; embar-
, rostfed the Kxecutiw during the present session by
, a refusal to comply with the. suggestions of the
President's Message. .
Mr. ALLKN. Kmbarrassed the Oregon ques- '
tion.
jVli*. (*1 .A YTON. How? How " embarrassed
the Oregon question There is no party division ,
in this Senate on that—that everybody knows,
, Probably there are as many Senators on this side
, of the chamber as there are on the other in favor
of the measures recommended by the President.
How, then, I ask attain, has there been any em-
barrassment of the Oregon question.5 Is it because
wo have not in hot haste passed the r*solution sent
1 from the House of Ropresent.ttnc*11 The honorable
1 gentleman, perhaps, thinks that (hat embanasset!
the question." Hut surely in no other way have
' we embarrassed the question.^ Kver s ince it
■ i came up (he {Senate have been engaged in the dis-
i cussion of the merits of the question, with the view
i of calm and full examination of everything eon-
j nected with it. There is not, so far as I know and
believe, any disposition whatever on cither side of
; the Senate to " embai rass the question"—quite the
1} reverse. I believe there is a settled determination
ji on the part of the great majority of the Senate to
■i pass the measure which the President has recorn-
ji mended, and that, too, in my humble judgment,
■! in the very shape in which it ouyht to be held by
the Executive to be most respectful to him. I hold
that the resolution proposed by the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Johnson]—a slight modification
of that proposed by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden]--is a much more
respectful and proper form of passing- the notice
than the resolution from the House of Representa-
tives, because the latter directs, orders the Presi-
dent of the United States to give the notice. I hat
has not been the customary mode of addressing
the President of the United States, at least since
my entrance into Congress. "We have always
treated him heretofore as a co-ordinate branch of
the Government, entitled to our highest respect.
We have requested him—we have authorized him—
and that is the general shape m which we have
given power to the President of the United States.
We have not " ordered" him. But the resolution
from the House does " order" him. The resolu-
tions of the gentlemen fiom Kentucky and Mary-
land authorize the President to give the notice at
such time as in his discretion bhall seem most
proper. I am of the opinion that, in the judgment
■ of the great majority of the Senate, this mode will
. be much more appropriate than the form proposed
by the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations or by the House of Representatives.
I do not propose, as I said when 1 rose, to pro-
: long this discussion; I consented this morning',
! when the subject was first suggested to me by gen-
1 tlcmen on the other side of the house, that this reso-
lution be passed over informally. I supposed, from
expressions 1 heard from gentlemen on the other
side of the house, that u would he more agreeable
to the Executive if, for the present, it should not
be pressed; and while 1 think, with my friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,] that before a liiml
vote is taken on the question of notice those Sena-
tors who hold that the information that would be
, elicited by this icsolution would be important in
mabhng them to make up their judgment, will be
entitled to the use of if. I repeat th.it I am not one
of those Senators. Whatever may be the charac-
1 ter of the information, it will not affect my vote.
■ The votes of others may be affected by it—proba-
bly will be affected by it—and for that reason I
thmk it respectful to them, and perfectly proper in
all respects, that before final action on this question
the resolution should be adopted, to the end that
the President, if he think proper, may send the in-
formation in his possession to the Senate.
| SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order.* being the joint resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Allen, as amended by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, proposing, <&c.
Mr. BARROW addressed the Senate. It was
said, he observed, atari early period of the session,
by the honorable Senator" from Ohio, [Mr. Al-
; i.kn,] the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
i Relations, that before the American people were
j! called upon to take up arms in defence of their
rights, their hearts should be prepared for it. Ho
(Mr. H.) had supposed that, by this time, that
■ belligerent spirit which manifested itself on the
other side of that chamber had passed away; but
i from certain manifestations made there this mom-
ing, it was plain that the chairman of the Commit-
! tee on Foreign Relations believed that, if he had
; not himself, someone else had prepared the hearts
of the people for war. That was the conclusion
! he came to fiom what fell from the gentleman
! a few moments before. He seemed at once to
kindle up and take fire at the idea which was
' presented to the Senate and the American peo-
'! pie by the distinguished Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Webster,] that public sentiment,
i' here and in Europe, had settled down, or was
■ tending fast to the point that this controversy
* should^ be amicably settled on the parallel of 49°
substantially. The Senator from Ohio, when
called upon by the Senator from Massachusetts to
1 say if he concurred with him in opinion, that the
'! tendency of public opinion was to that point, here
| and elsewhere, told them that he [Mr. Allen] en-
' tcrtained the same opinion he did at the beginning
[\ of the session, viz: that the people of the United
jj States, as-far as he could discover what theiropin-
■ ! ions were, were in favor yet of 54° 40'. Thatbeinn-
|1 his opinion, he must suppose someone else hail
■' piepared the hearts of the people for war: for
j whenever it was determined by the American
•• people to assert and maintain their title to 54°40'
