1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
not that my honorable colleague, [Mr. Smith,] who
has just addressed the committee, has, by his refer-
ences to public opinion in Indiana, as he supposes
it to be, made it appropriate that some explanation
should be given a Democrat from that State.
My colleague has said, in substance, that neither
in M-ye-U ^ ' ^>resu'ential campaign, nor
in 184o, m the Congressional canvass, did we of
the Democratic party make mention of the design
.0 pass this or any other bill in the nature of the
independent-treasury bill of the year 1840. My
colleague speaks; no doubt, according to his in-
formation. I cannot presume to be positive in
setting him right about public opinion in any part
ot Indiana cxccpt my own district. In reference
to that district my colleague has bo-n gieally mis-
mtormed. It is true that this was not a topic for
exciting' discussion on those occasions. Those
who voted with the Democratic party in 1840 re-
mained in 1844 and 3845 attached to the principles
°\ yiiS ktIL Those Democrats who in 1840 voted
with the Whig party had had a (i .sober second
thought;' they had reconsidered a hatch of ques-
tions and themes-—the extravagance of expendi-
ture charged against the Democratic party—ihe
-Morula war—the standing army of men, and the
standing army of dogs—the gold-spoon budget
of lies—and the independent treasury—and had
changed their minds upon each of those topic*, and
likewise, honest-hearted patriots were anxious to
signalize their change, of opinion by successfully
giving their suffrages to the men and the measures
they had formerly contributed to defeat. Sir, this
was noble. Cfoud men cimn&e their course upon
conviction. Wi.se men are open to conviction.
T ad men, when convinced, adhere to their eour.se ,
from motives of pride and vanity. Fools ne\eri
change their minds from coimetmu. If they
change at all, it j.h from impulse merely. I may ■
be asked, how I come to he so well informed as to :
these matters. I answer, that m 18U, my demo- J
cratic friends placed my name upon their ticket of ]
electors lor our State. Consequently I spent that '
bunimer among the people, addressing them on an ;
average about twice per day from the 1st of May -
till the. 1st of November, it m Ime that I had arin
themes for discussion. P ui yet, wheuevei it oc-
curred to me, I took care in my addresses io say
thatil the Democratic parly should be trusted by
the people, the treasury would bo made and kept
independent of the banks. When it did notoeeur,
my opponent, or some one of the legion of orators
always ready, and, U seemed to me, ever present
io oppose and respond to me, would catechise nu*
as to oui intentions in reference to the independent
treasury; and I aiu sure no mini can be found to
say that on any occasion 1 dodged the question;
and, sir, if those gentlemen overlooked the cate-
chising, there were those who did not. 1 cannot
pretend to remember the number of occasions on
which some good Democratic Whig—I mean one
who was a Whig in 1840, never before and never
since, and who most likely will never he such
again—would take me out on one side, to fell me
that the Whigs had lied so outrageously about !
everything else, he was inclined to suppose they had '
also lied about the sub-treasury, lie had been told !
that it was a scheme to give favorites a chance to ;
run away with the public money, but he lmd as-
certained afterwards, on investigation, that it, was j
a plan for the safe-keeping of the public money,
and to keep it out of the hands of the bankers. 1
And, sir, my Democratic Whig would want to know I
whether, if we succeeded in electing Polk and |
Dallas, we would establish the independent tie.is-
ury. In every instance did I frankly respond in \
the affirmative. '
Again, in 3845, my friends made me the candi-
date of the Democratic party for the place in this :
Hall, to which I regret 1 bring less ability than my
excellent constituency would well deserve should ■
he enlisted in their service. As a matter of course,
I was again ilin the field" all last summer till the r
first of "August; and during that time, I had the
most conclusive evidence of the change of opinion :
on this subject. Sir, I was frequently catechised ■
■—both by the Old Democrats, who had stood lirm
in 1840, and by Democrats who had been "Dcuw- j!
cratic Whigs" in 1840—as to my vote on this |i
measure, and always promptly gave the cxpccted ;;
pledge to give it my support. In public addresses, j|
I rarely neglected to allude to this measure as one jj
which we would pass "of course." j1
My excellent colleague [Mr. Smith] has, in Ian- |i
; guage of friendly defiance, cailcd upon those of us
| who represent Democratic districts in Indiana, to
| say whether wc are prepared to stand up to the ;
i doctrincofanexelusivemetalhcourrcncy. 1 cannot
j answer for any but myself; and for myself I say,
j 1 believe the Democracy of Indiana is prepared to
] defy the world, the flesh, the devil, and the banks,
i and that if it were not that there are Whig States, ;j
! ultra Whig, in our immediate vicinity, which char-
; ter banks, with what they call liberal, and what j;
' we call corrupt, charters, whose rotten circulation [I
; of shinplaslers would be flooded in upon us in the
j absence of a paper circulation of our own,—1 say ;■
; were not this the case, 1 believe the Indiana peo-
: pie would sponge out their banks on the first op- |!
I portunity. They know that if there were no banks [j
( to absorb the gold and siher, in lieu of every paper |j
dollar now m their pockets, they would have an 'i
; oldish-looking Spaniard ,oi .Mexican, or two bright
American half dollars; and for eveiy live-dollar il
bill, they would have a bright, glorious-looking '
• hall-eagle; and for large notes, noble <%sonsic*'■
golden eagles, with their countiy's arms insciibed !;
thereon. There is a kind of bank which probably '
our people would tolerate: 1 mean a bank lesti leted 1
! from issuing small notes, and with what is com- ''
\ mnuly called the *4 indi\idual liability clause" in-:■
I serled m Um hatter. They would desire, perhaps, ]j
, through such banks, to furnish the merchants with 'j
i exchange, without materially debauching their cur- i;
; reney. _ ^ T
j Dut, sir, while our Whig neighbors in adjacent \
J States charter swiudbnv, ra^ocracies, we m Indiana,
; to keep their corrupt currency bom among us, ,|
j must devise means, thiough some kind of eonfri- ■
. vance, to supply our own sliinplaster.j. Wo preiei i
< our o\\ n monopoly so those of other States, be- ''
1 cause we can watch and ^o\ein them, and keep :
them under. Cn'cmnstauc< s alt< r cast s; and when
i We camiof ciiiilrnl the eireuni^tances, we try to
make a ea^e to suit the circumstances as well as '
i we can. We make our own shinplasters in self-
j di fence. On the same pi inciple, were a cold-water :
. man to be compelled to transact business for hoius
| in a liquor shop, when1 everyone's biealii smelt
i of liquor, I would hold H no \iolaiion of bis pledge
i were he io take a .small diam in sell-defence; oil
| the same puuciplc an exfjuiMte jnu ht eat garlic
j without impeachment to his gentility.
, So strong, sir, is the feeling of our people in In- j]
; diuna on this subject, that when we make a 3Vm- ij
| oeratic bank director to watch the doings of the H
■ batch ofbrniks composing our Slate bank, or when !|
: a i )emocrat is chosen director of one of our brunch- ||
< es, it has seldom failed, to some good extent, to 1}
shake the confidence of the Democracy in him, and
lo bring htm into a questionable position—often, ;
! no doubt, unjustly.
j Air. Chairman, I shall not discuss this bill. Its
principles anil details have been before those who j
are your masters and mine, since 1837. They
! were disapproved of at fnst; but, after a reeonsid-
! eration, have been adopted by the American poo- 'j
\ pic. They have sent us here to pass the same into
! a law, and in a few days we. shall do so. To the /
gentlemen on the other side of the Douse. 1 desire !■
to say that you can make nothing by a discussion :
of this bill. JVly colleague has read extracts from i
the writings of the senior editor of the Union, to ']
show thai some eiuht or ten years ago he was op- :j
posed to this bill. Well, what then5 It only ||
proves that the senior editor of the Union is a \\
thinking and conscientious man, and not a pertina- \
cious fool, and therefore has "second thoughts," ;i
and sometimes changes his mind. *" 'i
So, too, my colleague has read an extract from
a speech of the President, to prove that long ago, '
befote the State banks look to bieaking in so fun- -
ous a manner as they did since then, he (the Pies- "
idenf) held State banks in considerable respect, and ■
preferred (hem, as depositories, to a United States j'
bank. Well, now, 1 reckon he did say something
of that kind; but it was when the grand object of /
the Democracy was to break down the United States :!
Bank; and, as I have said before, the State banks
had not then made a full development of their ea- jj
pacity to play the devil. Let my colleague call on jj
the President at eight o'clock, p. m., when he (the jj
President) receives his friends in a free and easy ;;
sort of way, and ask him what he now thinks of l|
State banks, after several years' experience of i
them. My word for it, he will receive a very
courteous and very plain answer. The President, !
like ail wise men, has been enlightened by facts. :
X tell you gentlemen on the other side of the
House, that you can make nothing out of this bill
' in the way of political capital. It is an old sub-
j ject—stale—fully understood, and decided upon by
: our masters. In opening the discussion of this bill
with so ingenious and able a speech, my colleague
has thrown away his ammunition, like a young
hunter out West, who followed a deer all day, from
dawn till twilight, when, being unable to overtake
the deer, and determined to have a shot anyhow,
he poised his rille, took careful aim, and fired at
the—track.
Arid now a word to my friends on this side of
the Rouse. The people have sent us here to do
certain things. We are responsible, not only for
the success of those measures indicated by the pub-
lic will, but also for the time within which they
may be acted upon. The country is anxious and
impatient. We are accused, I fear justly, of need-
less delay. In 1844, we told the people that James
K. Polk was a "Young Hickory"—that he had
force of character, and would "go ahead."
And now, sir, the good Democrats of the land,
having been fully convinced by his communica-
tions to Congress that he is what we represented
him, are, nevertheless, saying that wc, m this and
the other Hall, are anything but prompt in our
action. They give us credit for our good speech-
es, but I believe they would ralher see our meas-
ures. The assembly in the other Hall, they are
of opinion, " creeps on the trigger" to a painful
extent. It is time we were, doing as well as talk-
ing; and it is to be hoped that some of the "old
salts" of the House will spring a resolution upon
us to-morrow morning to close this debate. I re-
peat, that i\ o on this side of the House are re-
sponsible tor delays, for measures passed, and for
measures neglected. We are enough, if united."
Oui constituents are united. We ought to be so,
Mr. hKAk'C did not inland to make a speech,
but nvrely to set right tho gentleman (-,0m Indi-
ana | Mr. Smith j upon a few mailers of fact. The
^cntlenian assorted tiiut tho. lioltimorc convention,
in its resolutions, Imd mndo no allusion to the sub-
trca<uu'y. lint the eighth resolution of that con-
silium declared emphatically that the p.irty was
in favor of the ^rcat fundamental principle upon
winch this bill is hasod—that it wuk 111 favor of an
entile separation of the Orovcrnment from all con-
nexion with the banks of the country—a fact
which he presumed the gentleman overlooked in
his eagerness and great zeal to arraign the Dem-
ocratic party.
Again: the gentleman adverted to the defalca-
tion, or the defection, rather, of Samuel Swart-
wout, in 1837, and of Harris, Boyd, and others,
us arguments against the independent treasury.
The gentleman was, or ought to be, aware that
these defalcations took place two years before that,
measure was adopted, and under'the operation of
Ihe bank system. As soon as Samuuel Svvartwont
def'alcaled, he turned round and became a Whig,
as he (Air. L.) understood.
Another tact: not one cent of the public money
was lost while the sub-treasury system was in
operation.
Hut the gentleman told them that whilst it re-
mained on the statute book it was a dead letter, and
never was carried out. Then certainly the evils he
says are incident to this system do not belong to it,
but are the concomitants'and icsults of the" bank
system. He informed the gentleman that now
they intended lo carry it bona fuh into operation.
The gentleman entered his protest against tho
hurrying ot this bill through under the previous
question. He asked the gentleman, under what
circumstances the independent treasury was repeal-
ed by the Whigs m the memorable extra session
of 18-11? They hurried it through in the shortest
time possible; and their " fiseahty" bank bill was
introduced on one day and passed the next legisla-
tive day. And be it always remembered that to
the Whigs belonged the paternity of the one-hour
rule, which a Democratic Congress, not very much
to their credit, as he considered, had adopted.
Some conversation took place between Mr T
B. KING, Mr. SEABORN JONES, and Mr!
LEAKE, as to the precise time allotted to the con-
sideration of the repeal of the independent treasury.
Mr. HOTj ST ON inquired of Mr. Kink how
ongtne first bank bill was allowed to be discussed
by the Whig majority in the 27lh Congress?
iV'~ "Tlie gentleman will very
Mr. KING,
ascertain by referri
og to the Journal.
easily
