576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31.
Mr. HOUSTON was glad to see that the gentle-
man s memory was so serviceable when it would
help his party, and so defective when the facts would
go against them. From the examination he had
been able to give, it appeared that the bill, instead
of being allowed three weeks, was taken up on the
Vd of August and passed on the 6th of August under
the previous question; the gag of which the gentle-
man and his party now found it so convenient to
complain.
Mr. HOPKINS (Mr. Leake still giving1 wav)
read from the Journal of the 27th Congress before
him, that the bill for the repeal of the independent
treasury was taken up on the 7th of August, (Sat-
urday,) and that on Monday, the 9th, the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union were
discharged from its further consideration, under
the previous question, moved by Mr. Kikg, of
Geoigia, ami that the bill was passed that day.'
Mr. LEAKE (resuming) stated another fact
upon the authority of the Journal before him, that
that bill was not even read by sections, and that a
point of order taken by a Democratic member, Mr.
James W. Williams, that the previous question
would not take effect until the bill had been read
according to universal custom and rule, was voted
down—Mr. Kino voting "with the majority: and
that the bill was actually voted for and passed (as
appeared from the Journal) without being read.
He threw back upon the gentleman from Indiana
the charge made upon the Democratic party that
they are not disposed to accord sufficient time for
discussion and debate.
Mr. KING. How many sections were there to
that bill?
Mr. LEAKE. I do not know.
Mr. KING. 1 will tell the honorable gentleman,
there was one section only.
Air. LEAKE. So much the worse. They could
not read even that one.
The gentleman from Indiana accused the Demo-
cratic party in 1844 of having shirked the treasury
question. Mr. L. would take occasion to say, that
down to 1840 he had been opposed to the sub-treas-
ury; and that he then became an example of " the
sober second thought15 to which the then President,
Mr.JPan Buren, appealed with so much confidence.
The gentleman charged that the Democratic party
had not declared openly their ground, thus leaving
the inference to be drawn that the Whigs had
uvowed and maintained consistently their own
ground. But in 1810, after their general conven-
tion hud met and adjourned without preparing any
address, or laying down any principles, the Whig
convention m Virginia, and he was told in North
Carolina, Ohio, and elsewhere, solemnly avowed,
that General Hainson was opposed to a national
bank; and yet one of the first measures resorted to
on this floor by the 21th Congress, was the attempt
to establish and fasten upon tiie country a national
bank.
Mr. S. JONES (Mr. L. yielding the floor) in-
quired of his colleague [Mr. K.iktg] if a Whig com-
mittee of Georgia, in which the gentleman himself !
was included, did not prepare an address to the I
people of thai State, m which they declared Gen- !
era! Hairison and " Tyler too" opposed to a na- ]
tionalbank' j
Mr. KING. They made no such assertion. '
The}7* simply compiled tfie declaration of these '
gentlemen, and left them to stand for what they
were worth.
Mr. JONES. Was not the compilation intended ■
to show that they were opposed to a Bank of the
United States, and that General Harrison and Mr. !
Tyler had voted against establishing a Bank of the
United States ? _ _ !
Mr. KING replied in the affirmative to the lat- :
ter inquiry, and said that the extracts compiled ;
showed also that General Haruson believed a bank
to be wise if the people thought it proper and ne- j
ccssarv.
Mr."LEAKE resumed, and concluded by no- ]
tieing one more remark of Mr. C. B. S.miih. The
gentleman had told them that the result of this ;
tinkering with the cuirency from 1834 to 18-10 j
was to pioMuate the great financial and commer- i
rial interests of the country, and that the country
has now recovered, and is in a prosperous state.
Mark that: and the country is now m a prosper-
ous condition; yet we have no national bank, which
has heretofore been the great panacea of the gen-
tleman's party for the evils of the currency. We ,
have now the gentleman's admission, at last, that i
a bank is not necessary, and that the country has
jj become prosperous without it—an important ad-
;| mission, winch he hoped would go forth to the
;| country.
ii Mr. CHIPMAN( at half-past 4 o'clock) obtain-
| ed the floor, but yielded to a motion that the com-
jj mittee rise.
'! The motion was injected.
| But immediately afterwards, the seats through-
jj out the Hall were for the most part vacated,
'j Mr. CHiPxVAN was proceeding to reply to
i some of the remarks of Mi*. Smith, when—
The Hall being nearly empty—
Mr. C. yielded to a second motion that the com-
mittee rise; winch prevailing,
The committee rose, and reported progress.
Mr. McKAY submitted amotion, changing the
I regular daily hour of mooting to eleven o'clock.
I The SPEAKER said, the motion would not now
i be m order.
i Mr. AlcKAY then changed the form of the mo-
j jion so as to provide that when the House adjourns,
I it adjourn to meet at eleven o'clock to-morrow,
i 3N o quorum was present, nor anything approach -
j mg to a quorum.
; Mr. BaRJILVGER and Mr. SCHENCK raised
this as a point of order;
! Whereupon Mi. AlcKAY waived his motion,
j and gave noticc that he would to-morrow renew
I his motion to change the daily hour of meeting to
; eleven o'clock.
! And then,  t a late hour, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 31, 1846,
Mr. SPEIGHT presented the petition of Abram
Adams, praying permission to re-locate a military
bounty land wairant, issued to him for his services
m the last war between the United States and Great
Britain; winch was leieired to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Air. SEA1PLE presented the petition of citizens
of Illinois, praying the establishment of a national
armory at Port Massac, on the Ohio river, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Aflaiis.
Mr. COKW IN presented the petition of citizens
of Oluo, praying the establishment of a mail route
from Lebanon to Wilmington, and the discontinu-
ance of the route between Waynesville and Wil-
mington, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Air. DA\ TON presented a resolution passed by
the Legislature of die State of New Jersey, m favor
of the lemoval ol ceitain obstructions to the navi-
gation of the Delaware river; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the petition of
Jonathan South, an officer m the revolutionary
army, praying to be allowed commutation pay;
which was referred to tiie Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. DICKENSON presented a remonstrance of
citizens of the State of New York, against the re-
newal of a_ patent heretofore granted to Jethro
Wood ; which was laid on the table.
Air. H. JOHNSON, pursuant to noticc, asked
and obtained lca\e to introduce a bill for giving
effect to the eighth article of the treaty with Spain;
which passed a first and second reading, was re-
feired to the Committee on Private Land Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
gjekeral orders of tiie day.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to authorize the clerk of the county court of Bates
count}', Illinois, to enter a certain quarter section
of land, for a county seat; which was read a third
time and passed.
[A message was received from the President of
the United States, announcing that lie had signed
and approved an aei authorising the Secietaiy of
the Nwy to contract for American watei-rotted
hemp for the uso of the Navy of the United States.]
Air. BxlEESE remarked that he yesterday gave
notice of his intention to call up for actionthis
morning the report in relation to aifording addi-
tional accommodations m the Senate Chamber to
the public: the hour being nearly expired, he would
not do so to-day, but he renewed the notice for to-
morrow morning.
After a few words on the subject between Sena-
tors MOREHEAD, ARC PIER and BREESE,
The Senate resumed the consideration of the res-
olution submitted by Mr. JOHN M. CLAYTON,
m relation to Oregon correspondence; when, on*
motion of Mr. C.; it was informally passed by.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted several days since
j by Mr. Bagby:
j Resolved, That after Monday next, the Senate
| will meet at 11 o'clock A. M.
i Mr. ALLEN moved to amend the resolution by
! striking out the words " Monday next," and. in-
! serting, " this day."
f Mr. BAGBY accepted the amendment, as a mod-
: ific.at.ion of his resolution.
: Mr. SEVIER said he was reluctantly compell-
: ed to oppose this resolution, the adoption of which
i would be productive of great inconvenience, with-
• out accelerating the public business. Pie would
i prefer to sit on Fridays and Saturdays rather than
' to meet at 11 o'clock in the morning. He found
! that the demands of business fully occupied his
; time in the morning, and it was in his judgment
; too early in the session to meet at so early an
j hour.
| Mr. ALLEN'S object in making his suggestion,
j was to give as much time during this week as pos-
i sible for the discussion of the subject now before
| the Senate. If afterwards it would be found pro-
, per to recur to the old practice, very well. But it
1 was, he thought, desirable to give another hour
j daily to the discussion of the special order, which
; it was highly desirable to bring as soon as possihle
i to a close.
i Mr. BERRIEN" concurred with the Senator from
i Arkansas [Mr. Sevier.] The duties devolving:
i upon the members of the Senate were of such a
j nature as rendered it impossible to meet at so early
; an hour as 1] o'clock, and discharge them ade-
j qnately. The industry of Senators—their attention
I to business—the amount of labor performed by
them—were not to be determined by the length of
time they sat in that chamber. Their constituent*
understood that perfectly well. They had good
reason to know that the fact was as he had stated.
With respect to the amendment, it was peculiarly
objectionable, and especially when viewed in con-
nexion with the object which prompted the mover,
which was stated to be to afford more time for the
discussion of the special order at present before the
Senate. That was a very grave and important
question before the Senate, on which members had
been heard at their leisure; others desired to be
heard, and it was certainly, in his judgment, ask-
ing a little too much that any of them should be
subjected to the disadvantage of addressing the
Senate after its patience had been exhausted bv
listening previously to a long and elaborate discus-
sion of the question. He could conceive of nothing;
that would justify that on the part of those who had
already spoken. It appeared to him, especially, a
departure from the courtesy of the Senate, with
regard to all its members.
Mr. BREESE also concurred with the Senator
from Arkansas. If the rule were confined to the
present week, very well; but to any extension of
it he was decidedly opposed. It was certainly a
murh earlier period of the session than that at
which the Senate had been accustomed to change
its hour of meeting, as reference to the Journal
would show. Any limitation at present of the time
allotted for the discharge of the important duties
devolving upon Senators in attention to committee
business would greatly embarrass them.
Mr. BAGBY remarked that four months of the
session had passed away, and lie wished it to be
distinctly understood that his sole object was to
economize time and expedite the public business.
Mr SEVIER remarked that one oVloek being
the hour for the special order, the additional hour
in the morning would not expedite that matter.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he should vote against
the proposition to meet at eleven o'clock, and also
against that by winch the Senate is to meet on En-
days and Saturdays. Pie found it difficult to at-
tend to the business of the people of Florida, making
it necessary to visnt the public departments in the
morning before the Senate met, and to get to this
chamber by twelve o'clock; and, besuhs, two or
three mornings of each week are devoted to attend-
ance on committees. Pie believed, from his brief
experience, that he could best serve his State by
the present practice not being changed. He under-
stood it had been followed for many years. Under
Jt. Fridays and Saturdays can he devoted bv Sen-
