THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY- APRIL 3, 1846.
Htors to business fully as important to the country
as it they, were engaged in listening to one, or two,
or three speeches a day here. One hour at least
«very morning is now devoted to the current busi-
ness, before any special order calling up debate is
taken up. He said he regarded the speeches here
as the least important part of our doings. Mr. W.
said he did not care a fig for the railing of any who
attempted to excite censure, of the Senate by the
people, as being lazy, tardy, and so forth. He f.-lt
responsible to his State, and was not at all alarmed
that these railings could have any improper effect
on the intelligent, liberal, and confiding citizens of
the State lie had in part the honor to represent. If
there was anymore economy desired as to limr,
suppose we sit till dark each day. Tie would vote
tor lhat; but he hoped the resolution just read would
be lost.
Mr. HANNEGAN said ho thought the object
of the Senator would he better accomplished if the
Senate, by common consent, were to sit every tiny
until the question was disposed of. lie did not
think anything would be gained by meeting nt
eleven o'clock. As for hurrying Senators who had
not yet spoken, ho was disposed to give to ail who
desired it an ample opportunity to" express their
views. And he thought it would bo well for that
purpose that they should sit every day in the
week.
Mr. MANGUM said he hoped the resolution
would not pass: there: were gentlemen who desired
to express their views wlio would be deterred from
doing so if it were attempted to force two speeches
a day upon a weaned Senate.
The question was then taken, mid decided in the
negative: Yeas 13, nays 31.
The^ Senate proceeded lo ilie consideration of the
following resolution, submitted several days since
by Mr. Khekkk:
Rc«n/ivJ, Tli,-it tin- Hivo'lnry of III.' TreiHiiry lie, nnd lie
i*i iiitciij , authorized juifl liiivetod to c !! «■ the mniw mm-
in tliu mum of the Committee on I'ulilie Liuuln of Hip (Vu
ate, unci compiled (him tin .ielu.il kiu vey.s, (O he linwliril, no
US to reiiiiei nielli useful lor the ptiipose^ Cor wliMi ih.-v
were orijiimlij intended : Provided, if (tie same cmmol he
finished Billi the foiee now lit the ih-(iof ;il tif Hie Mud Sec
rotary m tile General l.nuit (Mice, then, and 111 tlml
additional force he employed for that |iurjioi.e.
Mr. BENTON made a few remarks not nudililii
in the gallery.
Mr. BREESE remarked that the Govt ■riimciit
had already expended a large sum on the construc-
tion of these maps—some $f>0,0lll) or «U 00,000;
but till completed (and a small expcmliturt) of
$3,000 or §5,000 would make them complete) they
were comparatively valueless. The question sim-
ply was, whether the sum already expended
should be lost, or the small additional expenditure
of §5,000 at farthest be made, so as to render these
maps serviceable.
A reading of the resolution being called for, it
was again read.
Mr. BENTON then observed that the resolution
took quite a short cut to accomplish its object. A
bill would bo necessary, foi it, was noilimg less
than making a law which would involve ihe neces-
sity for an appropriation.
The question was then put, and the resolution
was negatived. A division was called for but not
persisted in.
Mr. JARNAGIN asked to be discharged from j
further service upon the Committee oil Private !
Land Claims, his duties on the several standing
committees being greater than he was able to per-
form .
The request was acceded to, and Air. .1. was
discharged accordingly.
Mr. ATCHISON moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order of the i
day, which was agreed to. j
SPECIAL ORDER. j
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration j
of the special order, being the joint resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Allem, as amended by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, &c.
Mr. CASS commenced with a disclaimer of any
intention to enter into a formal discussion of the
37
title on which we rest our claim to the Oregon ter-
ritory. That question lmd already been sufficiently
illuminated by the .Senator front South Carolina,
while Secretary of State, and his able successor,
as well as by Senators on this Jloor. He would
not atiempt to correct the various misrepresenta-
tions which had been circulated abroad, aware that
they only constituted the tax which men in elevated
, station must pav for their position.
J If war had it« dun^OiH, so 1ms peace; and while
, we strive to avoid the former, we should be watch-
, ful lest we incur those of the letter. He read an
, extract from the speech of Mr. IIay wood, in which
1 it was stated that the debates in Congress c.om-
1 pared disadvantageous!}' with the mildness and de-
; eorum which pn\ailed m the. British Parliament.
; In re!\iuuioii of this statement, he read an attack
made upon himself (\Tr. C.\s\) in the House of
, Lords, bv Lord Hromjmm, and also upon the peo-
| ph-' of thi.s ("Mini l in IK4X
I "When he came hero ho determined to jis^il no
i one, and he hud hoped to be hiihaelf freed from
! attaelc. Our position here war sufficiently elevated,
I and we oujiht to he content tn perform our duties
| conscientiously. He would handy words with no
| one; although he could not hut take exception to
i language which had been applied to himself. It
■ would he easy to tetort, and he who assails has*
! no ri^ht to complcin when {issiuied.
j He had formerly said that he could not see how
i any one could assume that the chum of the United
States does not e\lend norlh of 49°. Sitae lhat,
1 .several Senators had declared that diP was tin- bar-
i rier of our claim; and that ail our title. Jay south of
j lhat hue, A fjreat error certainly prevailed, either
| among the ultraists or their opponents, lie went
j into an argument to .show that the error was on the
j opposite side. Our eliuni, he. as,sorted, extended
j from California t«  the Uu.-sian boundary. That
j whole reion of territory wa^ so hound to^ethei hy
circumstances and interests, that ii was not politi-
cally divisible by lines and parallels of latitude, j
I fe contended against the view of the Senator from
Georgia, |Mr. Bkrimbn,) that our limitation to the
parallel of 41) rested on the grounds of continuity
and latitude. He coincided with Mr. Greenhow
that no injeh lino as was contemplated by the treaty
of Utrecht was ever run; and asserted, that in none
of her recent correspondence had Great Britain
rested her claim on this supposititious line. At
the time of the adoption of that treaty, the north-
western territory was a inrofirnifa: and how j
conk! the treaty of Utrecht, in 1714, give a title to J
({rent Britain, when she herself rests her claim on !
('aptainCook's discovery some half century after- j
wards5 Of course she herself does not recognise !
this line as a ;;n>und of (hie. >
] hiving shown that no such line af 40 was es-
tablished by the treaty of Utrecht, he re<*auled this i
fact ha n strong argument against the submission, j
on our part, of this nuestion to arbitration. J
Alter referring to the various propositions made ,
from tune to time to .settle the respective claims ,
of the two countries on 49°, he quoted from Mr. |
Gallatin to sustain him in a statement that Mr. Gal- ■
latin himself did not regard our claim as termina- i
tins; at 49°. This Government, he contended, was - i
not bound to return to an offer which had been
previously made and rejected. |
He then proceeded to speak on the subject of ;j
compromise, anil asserted that a compromise did ■'
not affect the question of tide. i;
Referring to the language of the President in his !j
Message, he would not attempt to deduce from it |!
any obligation to renew the rejected offer of 49^. i|
In that Message, the President states that, although j
England had no <laim upon us, to show the mod- '
eiation of our views, be had offered her the paral- .
lei of 49°, without the Columbia river. The in- j
eipient steps are vmh the President, and with him j
he was willing to leave it. But he protested, in j
advance, against the ground that we are bound to j
a compromise on the basis which has been reject- s
cd. And if the question were submitted to arbi- |
tration, he adduced reasons to show that the deeis- !
sion would be a splitting of the difference. He j
therefore thanked ihe President for refusing an ;
New Series....No. 37.
!] offer which would give away a portion of our
j! unquestionable territory.
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Hay-
wood] had u*ed the term ultra in reference to gen-
.! tlemen who sustained the title of the United States
/ to 54° 40'. He (Mr. C.) hoped that 49 would
II never be a resting place for an American foot.
j{ That Senator had no right to assume thfxt, stand-
i'ingon 49°, he stood on the true barrier of oui
jj claim. He had no ris>lit to measure another's corn
!j by his bushel. God Almighty had given every
j: man his own bushel, and lie could measure to suit
his own views. Mr. C. then read some remarks,
j] which he had made three years ago on this ques-
!'tion. The Oregon he claimed was the whole of
Oregon, and not an inch of it would ever be sur-
rendeied by his vote. He vindicated the Pres-
i; ident from the injustice done to him by the insin-
j| uation that he kept the word of promise to the ear
j| and broke it to the hope. The Oregon of the Pres-
ident is the same Oregon which so agitated the
. whole of the United States at this moment. He
j. deprecated the mode adopted by the Senator from
North Carolina in giving bis exposition of the
meaning and objects of the President, not from his
'• official communications, but from what the Senator
. had called his acts of omission and commission;
and could not understand what piactical benefit
was contemplated b\ th<se unsustainable, deduc-
, lions.
' Willi reference to the estimates received fiom
the departments, he averted that they had been
j made early in the session, and in the usual mau-
■ tier; and that, if Senators put these estimates in
their pockets, the icsponsibility would be on them,
j and not on the Executive. lie specified the "esti-
, mates from the Navy Department, and adverted
; to the discussion on the bill lepoited by the ehair-
'manofilu Oonnnitu e on A'.nal Affaiis, c-nd the
i^sue of it. He then read some recommendations
(V()m C-b'iieral Seott to the increase of the army.
! He repudiated the idea thai, the President had not
reposed confidence in the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and highly eulogized
the able and firm conduct of that Senator through-
out ail this debate, and expressed his conviction
that the Senator enjoyed the entire confidence of
the Executive.
He refuted the inferences drawn by several Sen-
ators who had addressed the Senate, of a disposi-
tion on the part, of the President to accept the
proposition of 49°, from unauthorized statements.
He demanded the assent of Senators on the other
side to the declaration that the President and his
friends were as strongly attached Lo a pacific policy,
and as much disposed to meet Great Britain on
any just and honoiable ground, as any on the other
side of the Senate; but he would not speak with
any confidence of the probability of an amicable
termination of this question until unreasonable de-
mands were no longer pressed upon us. In the
prospect before us, he could not recognise the dawn
of a bright day. The lion and the eagle could not
yet, lie down together.
The Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Miller]
had said, not snceringly, that it was better lo fight
for the last inch of territory than the first. He
asked that Senator to reflect on the converse of the
proposition, and to say it was not better to fight
sor the first inch than the last. In reply to other
Senators, he admitted the obligations of every
Government to avoid war. The power of Eng-
land was indisputable. Her flag floated in every
quarter of the globe; her drum was heard on every
shore. But her moderation was less conspicuous
than her power. All that she could now hope for
was the territory north of 49° ; and of what value
was that, when weighed against the dangers, cost,
and chances of war? She is now overrun with
population and subjects. She has two wars on
hand—one on La Plata, for commercial objects,
and one in the Indies, for territorial acquisition.'
Let her abandon her pretensions on this continent
and he would say, " W ell done, "although it would
be rather late in the day for her to begin. He
ridiculed the idea that t\v o great nations cannot go
to v, at 5 and cited the wars which were now waging
