1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
estimate of the expenses required to perfect the
works which may be recommended in said plan.
The following resolution, heretofore submitted
by Mr. Yuled, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be in-
structed to inquire into the right of the State of
Florida to a ratable share of the surplus revenue
distributed to fhe States under the act of Congress
of June 23, 3836.
The following resolution, submitted a few days
since by Mr. Ashley, was considered and agreed
to:
lit,solved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of directing that, in all cases where a
petition is presented to the Senate for the estab-
lishment of a post-mute, and in the same petition
the establishment of post otFlce« or the appointment
of postmasters are prayed for, if shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Senate to transmit to the
Postmaster Gmerul sueh petition, provided the
post-nmte therein prayed for shall have ben estab-
lished by law.
The Semite took up for consideration the ad-
verse report of the Committee on Public Lands on
the petition of Khzubeth Pearce; which was con-
curred in.
Mr. JARiSAGIN moved that the vacancy occa-
sioned in the Committee on Private Land Claims,
by his (Air. J.* ) withdrawal from said committee,
be filled by nomination by the Chair; which was
agreed to.
The PRftSlPKNT nominated Mr. Rusk.
Mr. SPKHli IT, after siatini; that he understood
a Senator d< sin d to make an explanation befoie
the regular deluie was resumed, moved that the
Senate prnroetl to tli«l consideration of the special
order; whieh was agreed to.
special <nu)i:n—tim •'notick."
The Semite then proceeded to the consideration
of the fmeortl order—the Joint Resolution, Ac.
Mr. ASl 1 LL'*Y \va« about to address the Senate,
bnt yielded to
Mr. DKNTON, who said he did not rise to make
any speech, but merely to vindicate history, and
the intelligence of the ".Senate, from an error into
which the Senator from Michigan, not now in his
that it be informally laid on :j seat, ]Mr. Cass,] had fallen yesterday, in relying
(i on Mr, Urcenhow's book on Oregon. That book
The resolution was accordingly laid on the tabic j| maintained that the commissaries had never acted
for the present. " !{ under the treaty of Utrecht; had never established
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on I'cn- jj tho limits between the British and French posses-
sions, asked that said committee l>e discharged'! «ion« m North America; had done nothing on the
from the. further consideration of the petition of jj siihjer.t. And the benatov from Michigan, hold-
Mary Ripley, widow of Jeremiah Ripley, and of ]
the petition of the legal representatives of Cortie- j
lius Oakley; which was agreed to. ]
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Pen- j
of casual auditors. The letter-writers, he would
undertake to gay, by their synoptical communica-
tions to the various presses of the country, diffused
more informatiors amongst the masses of the peo-
ple than the reporters for the city papcre, who
made the extended and elaborate reports. He was
fully aware of the-important character of the ser-
vices and labors of the gentlemen who made the
reports i  exlenso, and he would feel especial pleas-
ure in providing them every possible facility and
aid in the discharge of their arduous and respon-
sible duties. But it was manifestly unfair to ex-
clude the letter-writers from a full share of the
privileges afforded in that chamber to the press of
the country. The reports in the city papers were
vastly important to all who took a deep interest in
the proceedings and debates in Congress. They
were of the gieatest utility to newspaper editors
throughout the country. They formed a valuable
record for future reference. But the labors of ihe
letter-writers were also of high importance. They
diffused amongst the great mass of citizens, who
had not time and inclination to read the cumbrous
reports, as they must necessarily be, of the city
papers, a knowledge of the daily proceedings of
Congress. He was perfectly aware that the piiv-
ilcgeofletter-writinghad been occasionally abused;
that distorted accounts of the speeches delivered
had been sometimes given; that in some cases ibe
letter-writers had lost a due senso of the l '.specta ■
bility of their profession, not to speak of their dis-
regard of truth, and had become mere caricaturists.
But there was a proper remedy in such cases—
expulsion from the gallery; and he trusted that
hereafter, in any instance in which any letter-
writer thus abused his privilege, he would be
promptly expelled. But the lctter-wrilers were
justly entitled to all possible accommodation, and j
had unquestionably a claim superior to that of tho ]
public who resorted to the gallery. j
Mr. BREESK had no objcctic.il to allow the j
resolution to be passed over informally. He would ■
merely remark, in reply to the Senator who had j
Inst spoke, that as it was impossible to nrcnmmo- j
date the whole American press, it seemed proper j
to the committee to make some line of division lie- j
tween those who should be accommodated and j
those who should not. The report, however, ;
would, he hoped, be. examined; and for that pur- ;
pose, he was willin:
tho table.
sions, submitted an adverse report on the petition
of Joanna Purcey; which was ordered to be print-
ed.
Mr. FAIRFIELP, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill to change the distribu-
tion of the duties in the naval bureaus, with a re-
port; which was ordered to be. printed. *
The resolution submitted by Mr. J- M. Clay-
ton in relation to Oregon correspondence, was
announced as first in order.
A SENATOR, suggested that it should lie on
the table. .
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON preferred that it should
be passed by informally; which was agreed to.
The resolution submitted several days since by
Mr. Yux.ee, in relation to calling upon the Presi-
dent for tabular statements of the expenses of the
General Government from its organization to the
present day, was taken up, and laid upon the table
without debate.
The following resolution, submitted some time
since by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, was con-
sidered and agreed to;
Resuloed, That the resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of Louisiana, of the 10th instant, in-
structing their Senators and requesting their Repre-
sentatives in Congress to call the immediate atten-
tion of the Government of the United States to the
necessity of erecting such fortifications and arma-
ments as will secure the city of New Orleans from
invasion, be referred to the Secretary of War, and
that he be instructed to report to the Senate a plan
for the defence of New Orleans, together with an
ing Mr. Groonhow to be right, had adopted his
j opinion, and laid so much stress upon the fact of
j the action of thexc commissaries, as to make his
| future conduct.Upon thcOicgon question dependent
j upon it. If Mr. Uicenhow was wrong, and the
j commissaries had acted and established the paral-
i lei of 40°, and this fact was proved, he (Mr. B.)
! understood the Senator ft-oin Michigan to sav that
! ho would give up tho Russian limit of 54° 40', and
' neversav anything move about Oregon north of 49°.
; This is a" penalty which Mr. 1!. would not have im-
' posed: it was giv ing to t he line of the trcatyof Utrecht
| a consequence and importance which he would not
i have, attributed to it. But the Senator from Mich-
j i-an had judged for himself, and judged deliberate-
' ly; for his speech was well prepared, and it was
: lua own act to make his future conduct dependent
upon the correctness of Mr. Greenhow's opinion,
! which he had quoted Olid adopted. Mr. B. would
' show, by the highest evidence, that the commis-
; saries did net; that they did establish the limits
! between Fram'c and Great Britain in North Amer-
! ica; and that the 49th parallel was one of the lines
' established; and, having shown this, he would
! make no argument upon it, would make no appli-
! cation of the fact, but content himself with vmdi-
i eating history at an essential point, and leave it to
I the [Senator from Michigan to give it the influence
j upon his own conduct which he should think
| proper.
! Mr. B. then made a statement introductory to the
proofs which he meant to introduce, and showing
how the treaty of Utrecht had become applicable to
this question of boundary between the United
States and Great Britain. "It grew out of the pur-
chase of Louisiana, and was coeval with that pur-
chase. It was known to everybody that the north-
western corner of the United States could not be
claimed, because there was an impossible call in
the treaty of 1783. H called for a due west course
from the Lake of the Woods to the Mississippi,
when such course would never strike the Missis-
sippi-^ lake being north of the head of that
river. Upon the supposition that the line due west
from the lake would strike the river, the right to
its free navigation was granted to the British by
the treaty of peace; but, on finding that the line
would not stoke the river, the struggle began be-
tween the two countries—on the part of the British
to deflect the line, to turn it down southwest, and
thus get to the river, and with this arrival upon
that stream come to the enjoyment of its naviga-
tion. The struggle on the part of the United
States was to prevent this consequence to close
the line without yielding the navigation; and this
contest luid continued twenty years, when a treaty
was signed in London to terminate this contest.
It was ill the year 1803, Mr. Jefferson being Pres-
ident, and Mr. Rufus King, Minister in London;
for, in those days, Ministers were not so rapidly
changed upon a change of Administration as has
sometimes since occurred.
The fifth article of the treaty then signed deflect-
ed the line so as to reach the Mississippi on the
shortest course; and this was done in conformity
to instructions from the Government of the United
States. This treaty was signed in the spring of
1803; and it so happened that just about the same
time namely, twelve days before the signature of
j this treaty'in London, the treaty, without the
knowledge of Mr. King, for the sale of Louisiana
I to the United States, was transmitted to our Gov-
i ernment. The two treaties arrived in the United
j Slates together, and Mr. Jefferson immediately
j saw the advantage which the Louisiana treaty ^ave
< hmi in cutting off forever the British, both from
the navigation' of' the Mississippi and from the
whole valley of that river. The most accomplish-
i oil diplomatist in America—perhaps equal to any
in Em ope—ho saw at once that the acquisition of
Louisiana put us in the shoes of the French in all
their treaties applicable to that province; that it
especially made us a party to the treaty of Utrecht;
gave us ihe benefit of the'line forty-nine, establish-
ed under that treaty, and immediately determined
to recommend to the Senate the rejection of the
fifth article of the treaty, signed at London, and to
rely afterwards upon the Utrecht treaty as a mat-
ter of right to force the British out of the valley of
the Mississippi. The Senate concurred with him.
They rejected the fifth article of the treaty; and
then the double duty presented itself to be perform-
ed at London.
The rejection of the article of the treaty was to
be justified; the treaty of Utrecht was to be plead
against the British to put an end to their darling-
desire to obtain the navigation of the Mississippi.
The first was a delicate duty. The non-ratifica-
tion of a treaty concluded under instructions, ex-
cept, for good cause, is, by the law of nations, an
injury to the adverse Power, implying a breach
of faith but little short of the enormity of violating
the same treaty after its ratification. To show this
good cause—to justify ourselves for a seeming
breach of faith—-was "the immediate care of Mr.
Jefferson; and immediately after the Senate had
acted upon the two treaties—namely, on the 14th
of February, 1804—Mr. Madison, Secretary of
State, wrote to Mr. Monroe (Mr. King having
asked leave to return when he had concluded his
treaty) to bring this delicate business before the
British Government, and satisfy them at once
upon the point of the non-ratification of the. fifth
avticle. The treaty of Utrecht furnished the justi-
fication, and Mr. Monroe was instructed to urge
it accordingly.
Mr. B.said this extraordinary statement brought
him to the production of his authorities. He
would now have recourse to the language of others,
and would read a paragraph from the first letter of
Mr. Madison to Mr. Monroe on this subject;
•'If Hie fifth aiUcle be expunged, the north boundary of
Louisiana will, as is reasonable, remain the same in the
hands of the ITnited States as it was in tlie hands of Prance,
and may he adtusted and established accoidmgto the prin-
ciples and authorities which in that case would have been
applicable. There is reason to believe that the boundary
between Louisiana and the British territories north of it
were actually fixed by commissioneis appuinted under the
treaty of Utrecht, and that this honndaiy was to lunfiom
tlio Lake of the Woods westwardlyin latitude 49°, in winch
ease the fifth article would he nugatory, as the line from
the Lake of the Woods to the nearest source of the Missis-
sippi, would uin through territory which, on both sides of
the line, would belong to the United States. Annexed is a
