1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
588
—to betake himself to a new theatre—to the new || a fine illustiution of its folly; for the two before him, ij liberty of his person, on his parole of h™°r 7®®'
world, and to the western slope of the North Amcr- :! though made by the same author, and adopted into ii terday given, on a condition now become aoso
lean continent. He proposed to him to proceed to n ilu; same woik, would fall into two different piles, •; lute, never to pass 9, "e,ei. ° i
St. Petersburg, furnished with the proper letters to ii one with and one without the line, one with and j! name of omen, the Russian line, u s is a , i
obtain the permission and the protection of the i: one without the descriptive memorandum. Con- termination—almost _ ridiculous—ot ins warmre
Russian Government to proceed overland to Kamt- .j fronted in a pile, where the biggest pile was to carry j| commencement. It is the trait of ins uepenaeiiu.
schatka—cross the sea at Bhering's Straits—follow : i the day, they would neutralize each other: but ex- i, on Greenhow s book. 1 hat booK lias Deeri me
the coast down until he came to the great river |l amined bv the test of chronology and the lights of i; little dog of his catastrophe, ttencerorm me oeu
which must be there—then follow it up to its source 'i history, they became consistent, intelligible, and |! ator's occupation is gone. War, mevitaDie
in the Rocky mountains—and crossing over, come q potent. One was made in 1752, the other in 1766, !| can no longer be the burden ot -his song, v
down the Missouri. This is what Mr. Jefferson |i and each was right according to its time. In the || now evitable. Inevitability lias reversed its J>PPU"
proposed to Mr. Ledyard some sixty years ago: !j interval between these two dates, namely, in 1763,— - cation. It is peace that is now inevitable, ana
twenty years afterwards, and when President of jj the line ceased to exist! Great Britain acquired j| henceforth we must hear that dulcet souths
the United States, he carried his idea into effect, Canada, the line no longer had application, and | The effect of this change in the benator e posi-
♦1«-  1:*: *T —: !     ' ■ "" - : tion must be great. On the Grecian band, of whom
war,
War is
through the expedition of Lewis and Clarke. Their
expedition was the execution of the objcct pro-
posed to Ledyard; and nobly did they execute it.
Their return route was particularly valuable. They
discovered the route on the return voyage which
will be the commercial route between us and Asia.
The year after their return, a Mr. Henry, of Mis-
souri, discovered the South Pass, and through it
the overland line of travel will for ever be; but the
return route of Lewis and Clarke will he the route
of commerce. It presents but two hundred and ten
miles of land-carriage between the Great Falls of
the Missouri and the Upper Falls of the Columbia,
passing the mountains through a low gap and a
fertile country, long marked by a large Indian and
buffalo road.
Mr. Jefferson, in this proposition to Ledyard,
and in this expedition of Lewis and Clarke, stands i| of Kuropc by a supposed
forth as the virtual discoverer, and almost the fa- ;j which is one ol' the ■>umL
ther of the Columbia river. It was the child of j Kurope mid V
liis affections and of his pride, and he cherished
it not merely as tin object of science, but of the
greatest utility. Me looked to it for great practi
cal benefits to his country; yet he, forty
from that, time ceased to appear on maps. What,,  —  - ■ .
was necessary in 1759 became useless in 176G. |l be is the Agamemnon, it must have a most dimm-
Thc great fact is now established. The commis- j I ishing effect. That band for some months has been
saries did meet under the treaty of Utrecht; they •; sitting for the pictuie which the poet drew or oui
did execute the .stipulations of that treaty; they j! grandmotheis, in the time or long-waistea gowns
did determine the limits between the French and !| and tight stays ■
British possessions in .North America; and the ij "Small by degrees anil beautifully less."
parallel of forty-nine, from the Lake of the Woods Ii ,, , „i,
I , .    ...i.. , ..... j; Hut now the sudden deduction of so much weight
j| and strength, in the person of their chief, must
\\ leave them almost nothing. On the future conduct
i i of the campaign it must have a decisive effect, for
|j the Ajaxes of this expedition, both big and little,
niNujry, a*™,,™ ,u , Ij must renounce it when their great chief lias im-
vilal point by the book which has been quoted and II Posed tlle penalty of silence and inaction on hun-
endorsed: 1 an, vindicating tlie intelligence of the 11 "elf. On the country it must have a fine effect, for
indefinitely to the west, v.as one of the boundaries
established Ity them.
1 make no application of this fact: I draw no
arginnenl from it; 1 ih, not apply it to the ques-
tion of title'. I am nut anuiiiig title, and will not
do it; I.nt 1 am vindiialius; history, assailed at
I American Scuttle,
country; yet he, forty years
ago, in the very year after the return of Lewis and
Clarke, and when enthusiasm for their success
filled every bosom, and his own more limn all, ,
proposed, and not only proposed, but pressed the.
proposition, to make 41)° the line of division
throughout to the sea. 1 To knew very well what ,
be was about then, and where that line would run. !;
The coast of the Pacific had been well surveyed: !
the course of the Columbia, from its mouth to the ''
Upper Falls, near the mouth of Clarke'a river, just
below latitude 49°, was meandered by Lewis and
Clarke, and well presented in their map. I le knew
what he was about: and be proposed the latitude
of 49° throughout. 1 mention this us an historical <
fact, and to show his opinion of the tntity of'
Utrecht. And here I close what I have to say in
relation to that treaty, as depending upon British i
and American authority. It is surely enough; but
there was another party to the treaty—Prance;
and, to complete the proof, it will be as appropri-
ate as convenient to conclude the matter with a ■
brief exhibition of French testimony. Here it
is—(said Mr. B., displaying two hu"<;e folio vol-
umes, and opening some maps)—hcic it is: 1'oMlc- 1
wait's Commercial Dictionary, with D'Anville's
maps, dedicated to the Duke of Orleans.
Mr. B. then pointed out the line established un-
der the treaty of Utrecht, and read the account of
it as given in a note on the upper left-hand comer
of the map. The description was in these words;
" The line that parts French Canada from British :
' Canada teas settled by commissaries after the peace of
• Utrecht, making a count from Jhivh's inlet, on the
' Atlantic sea, down to the 49f/t degree, through the
' Lake Jlbilibis to the Mrthiee.il Ocean: therefore Mr.
' D'Anville's dotted line, east of James's Hay, is false."
This map was made by D'Anvillc, the great
French geographer of his age, and dedicated to the
Duke of'Orleans, and said to have been made under
the patronage of the late Duke, who is said, in a
note upon the map, to have expended one thousand
pounds upon its construction and engraving. The
late Duke was probably the Regent Duke who gov-
erned France during the minority of Louis XV;
and, if so, the map may be considered as the work
of the French Government itself. Be that as it
may, it is the authentic French testimony in favor
of the line of Utrecht; that line, upon the non-ex-
istence of which the Senator from Michigan has '
xposed to contemptin the eyes
d ignorance of a treaty
><>htionl landmarks in
n-n; and 1 am d< monstratinjr to
the Senator from Alu-hi-ran tlmr the condition ban
become absolute on uhirh he bound himself yes-
terday to reverse his Oregon position.
Mr. President, the Senator from Michigan uives
us Home just and m tse observations on the frivol-
ous and ridiculous causes which have sometimes
involved  Tpnt nations in ternbh- war. lint I think
tlmr, in one of his jlhisuatmns, he fell into a mis-
application of tti) histoiieal fact, and that without
the aid of Grc< nhow's hook. It was the case of
the war resultii><r from the water on the ladv's
£0\V . Tim incident, I sujmose, of the water and
the Lcown, m winch two ladies were dramatis pcr-
sovu', and a little do:>, a prominent figurante, took
place in th<' Court of Queen Anne; took place—not '
ti : - '' " - -    1 - ' ' 1
the alarms of war will suddenly cease. On the
treasury the efleet will be delightful. The twenty -
one millions extra for the armament of the navy,
and the eight or nine millions extra for the army,
will cease to be wanted. The Military and Naval
Committees, if not wise, have at least been lucky.
They delayed to icnort bills for these thirty mil-
lions, and to-day they become unnecessary. In-
activity in them, if not masterly, has at least been
profitable; it has saved thirty millions of extra
taves, or loans, to the people.
But I conclude. I have made no speech upon
Oie«<u', and will make none at this time. _ And
here 1 will ansvvei publicly a question which is
often put to me privately, " IVhy don't you speak?93
Answer: 1 piofess to be a friend to this Adminis-
tration, and mean to keep myself in a position to
act according to my professions: I do not mean to
run ahead of the Administration in its appropriate
iuispircd ! Do not write me down transpired, or ii sphere: I do not mean to take negotiation out of
I shall certainly expire. This incident took place ji hands: i do not mean to undertake to lead it, or
ill the Court of Q,ueen Anne. The imperial Sarah, 'i drive it, to come in conflict with it, or to denounce
Duchess of Marlborough—(l call her imperial who, j it, with or without hypothesis, or before or after
could suy tothe proudest of the old English Dukes, i! the fact. The President's position is arduous: his
that the widow of John, Duke of Marlborough, I j responsibilities to his God and his country are
married no man, not even an emneror).—this lady j1 g'reat- 1 believe he is doing his best to reconcile
and her do<v was n party on one side, and Mrs. i| and accomplish together the great objects of the
iVlitMhnin on the other—awl was the opposite of'|PCilC('> the honor, and the rights of the country;
prodticii!!,' war. It actually led to peace: for the :! «n<1 believing this, I shall hold myself m a position
Unrein taltiii"' part with Mrs. Masham, quarrelled j t0 view his acts with perfect candor, and with the
with the Duchess, and then with the Duke of ' strongest disposition to support him in what he
Marlborough, anil so recalled him from his com i mrly if necessary to do.
nuind, Stopped the c.necr of victory, and then j| Mr. 11 ANN EG AN then rose and said: Mr.
mmle pence—the verv peare whose benefit we arc j; President, I have a few words to say. I would
now claiming, that ot T>trecht. And thus the in- ] not have made a single observation on this occa-
culent of ihe gown and the water throws it.s point t ^jon had it not been for a particular expression,
and power on the otlu r.Mdc, and actually connects j accompanied by a vejy significant look towards
with the verv; point I have been establishing ! j ^ quarter, winch fell from the Senator from Mis-
Mr. I . had not voteo ior the puri'hase ot Green-|| Souri. Certainly he was the last man herefrom
how s hook: he had but a poor opinion of boolcs i! whom I expected an unkind look or an unkind
compiled in c.oscts tor the instruction of men <>f : .illusion. As T said before upon a certain occasion
here, he has been to a great extent my political
business. They were generally shallow, of no use
to the informed, and dangerous to the uninformed,
whom they led estray.and to the indolent, who
would trust to their superficial glosses, without
(joins; to the fountain head, and seeking truth ot
teacher; and, sir, I learned from him on this Oregon
question more than I learned from any other living
man. I learned it from his speech on the Ashbur-
ton treatv, which from that hour has been to him the
the bottom of the well. So of the book in ques- ji constant'theme of deadly and unmitigated hostility
Hon. Had itjiot hem fortrrcenhow s Oregon the ij against the negotiator who made that treaty and
.Senator from Michiiran would have sought the his,
tory of' the treaty of Utrecht in the authentic doc- i
unientx which our library contains, and would have ;
found the truth, and would have been to-day a free !
man, and not. a piisoner, as he constituted himself
yesterday, in the hands of the Forty-Nines. He is
now their prisoner, doomed to dwell at 49. He
is not killed, but taken. We may say of him as
the consoling messenger said to Penelope:
The areat Ulysses is mt. de-id,
lint, fur from wife and son,
tic tiees a prisoner, on a desert isle,"
staked the reversal of his Oregon position
Mr. B. said he was no great advocate for the map
argument—for the collection of two piles of maps,
one having a line upon it, the other without a line, |! I will not follow the poet, and say—
and then assigning the victory to the tallest pile, j " ««,; 
He was no °reat advocate for this map argument; jj For the Forty-Nmei are not savage, but peaceful
and if he was, the two maps before him would be b and merciful, and will allow the captive the full
the Senators who voted for it. I learned mainly
from that speech my principles in relation to the
Oregon question. From that speech of the Sena-
tor from Missouri, I learned that the American title
to Oregon up to latitude 55° was good, not. only
against great Britain, but the whole world. That
speech was made here only four or five years ago.
It was he who taught me. I know he is all-pow-
erful here, but he cannot unlearn me—that is be-
yond his power. He planted them there, but he
I cannot now pluck them up at his will. I learned
j at the feet Of Gamaliel: X have passed from thence;
II have proclaimed the principles which I found
j there. He may do as he lists. He may, before
j his country and the world, abandon those princi-
ples which he taught me. I will not.
