586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
waste of time to argue against it. Still, he would
avail himself of the opportunity to say a few words
upon the subject. It was the destiny of Mr. Van
Buren to stake his political existence on this very
measure, and he was overwhelmed by it. It was
his fate to be driven from power by it. It was that
same destiny which led Napoleon to his Russian
campaign; and we were told that, even after his
defeat, he contemplated a renewal of the enter-
prise. Well, sir, (said Mr. H.,) the fatuity of'
that design was not more extraordinary than that ,
which led the majority now m power, in tlus Gov- !
eminent, to another attempt to force this measure !
on the country. J
If he viewed the measure only in a party aspect, '
he would be disposed to defy the majority to adopt '
this measure. But when he looked at its effects ;
upon the business interests of the country, he was
compelled to oppose it. What reason had we now
for adopting; so radical a change m our policy? The :
public money had been kept faithfully in the banks. !
Where was the necessity of any change ? It was '
alleged that public opinion had settled the question ;
m lavor of the change. Gentlemen had contended ;
that, because they had been brought back into '
gower, the people had assented to the measure. ■
uf this was not so. They had obtained power in i
spite of that policy, and not in consequence of it. j
It had been a clog to their feet, and an obstacle m
their mth. Whenever it was made a question be-
fore the people, it was found to be odious to them.
It was not a prominent and leading issue in the !
canvass. He knew something of the party work- |
ing by which an expression oT opinion in favor of \
this measure was obtained. He knew that clubs I
and assemblages of persons expressed opinions \
which were not participated in by the country at i
largo. 1
lie well remembered the origin of this question;
and many who weie opposed to it finally gave their
assent Jo u, because the party took it up. It re-
minded him of the story of the jury, who, when
questioned as to their verdict, admitted that but
tin ce of them were in favor of the verdict; but the ,
rest assented to it rather than that there should be
a disagreement. 1
Hatm? said so much as to the party aspect of
the question, he would speak of its effects on the
country at large. ,
Would it be contended that the sub-treasury 1
was mme safe as a depository than the banks? :
Wi'l the public money be more secure m the
hands of .sub-treasurei* than it was now' In the col-
lection and disbursement of a kui>e sum ot'money,
would there be less loss than at piesent? What
was rhe expenencc ot ail on this subject* 11c ■
would appeal to anv ^entieman here, \\ bother,'if
he had a laige sum of money to keep, as agent or
attorney, he would put it in private hands, or m :
the vauitN of a respectable bank? The common i
practice and experience of the country settled tho
question, Many Pacts had occurred that threw Imht ;
on the subject. We had been told that the public de- .
positcs m the hanks were at one time insecure, and j
we had all witnessed the causes that led to their 1
embarrassment m 1837. It was true that the Gov- '
crnment had then a large amount in their hands;
but did it prove to be unsafe? Was it moie in*'- j
cure than the public funds that were at that time ;
in the hands of individual receivers and disbursing
officers? He had before him a list of two thou-
sand individual defaulters, and the report stated :
the reasons why the money could not be collected
by the Government. The persons m default had .
gone away, or weie insolvent, or were dead; notli- \
ing could be got. '
We ought to consider the character of the men ,
who, under any party, are likely to obtain offices :
in times of party excitement, hie did not wish to
indulge in any party reflections, but wc all know !
that men frequently obtained offices who were en-
tirely unworthy of confidence in business offans. |
The defalcation of Mr. Swartwout had been refer- ;
red to; but that was a ease that would occur, even
if the sub-treasury were in operation. Tiue, it ;
was not at the time m operation: but the law re- 1
quired that he should put the money m bank.
Suppose it had been required that he should de-
posue it in the hands of the sub-treasurer, would
not the same thing have occurred11 Would there
have been any more security in the one case than
in the other? The public money was not lost be-
cause the collector deposited it in banks, but be-
cause he failed to deposite it in banks.
The collector was required to give a bond with
security; but all know that it would be no securi-
ty. The parties would place their property out of
their hands, or they would be found insolvent, or
unable to pay. All experience showed that there
was no security in bonds. But when money was
placed in banks with a large capital, and in the
hands of men of integrity and property, what bet-
ter security could there be? Sir, in this single view
of the question, it appeared to him that there was
no reason for a change in the system, and that pub-
lic money was more secure in banks than in the
hands of individuals.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole]
had placed this subject in a more attractive view
than ever, and had represented it as a very simple
and harmless affair. The gifted intellect of that
gentleman enabled him to adorn whatever he
touched. But the results which were to grow
out of the system had been shown by experience
to be prejudicial to the business interests of the i
country. The gentleman trom Pennsylvania [Mr. i
C. J. Ing-ersoll] had spoken of the measure as a 1
wonderful boon just given to the woild, and which \
was to put us in advancc of all preceding ages; 1
and he wished to take such a part in its accom- ,
phshment as would shed upon him a portion of!
the unfading honor that would attach to all who j
were connected with it. He had worked himself j
into a glow of enthusiasm in the description of the !
blessings which were to result from this boon. |
Wiiat was tins boon? What was this mighty I
benefit to be conferred upon the country? Why, 1
it was to require that the Government should col-
lect thirty millions yearly in spccie, and take it
out of its usual channels of circulation, where it
i was necessary for the business of the country.
; Tiie currency in common use consisted partly of
, gold and siher, and pai tly of paper; but this law j
i Mas to require that the whole revenue should be .
collected in gold and silver. !
; jNow, sn, was there any possible reason why !
, there should be any diJlerence made between the I
currency ua>ed by the Government and that used j
, by the people? There was no principle of poliu-
! oal economy that justitied such a difference. He
! held that the Government ouicht to use the com-
mon currency of the country, and it could do so
without any danger. Even if there was more risk
in it than was pretended, the Government ought to
go on and collect the lovenue m the ordinary cur-
xency, and in such manner as to be least oppres-
sive. The gentleman iioni Pennsylvania candidly
avowed that he was m tavor of the bill, on the
expires giound thatii would prostrate all the bunks
m tin; countiy, dud "\\ ouid bee the country fiom
banking opualiens. That-was a far better ground
than to contend that a mixed currency was not the
best for the Government as well as for the people.
It was an absuidity to attempt to collect the reve-
nue m specie ni the present state of the currency.
It would have the elicit, as urged by its advocates,
to cuitcul the operation of the banks, and produce
! a coutiaction ol the currency, and oppress debtors
to the banks.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J.
Inc>J'jRhoj,l] dcrlm-ed, among other reasons in fa-
; vorof the measure, that it would operate to pro-
! tect the industry of the country, and that it would
enable J\pw England to compete with all other .
; countries in the world, jf the currency was re- !
; duced, the value of labor would be brought down, !
till we could manufacture as cheap as they could 1
, in Germany. Wc did not want any such protec- !
! tion as that. It was such protection as the wolf!
j gave to the lamb; and it would bring laboring and i
| indusuious men undei the control of wealthy cap- !
i uahsts. We bad heard the banking system de- :
I aounced as corrupt and fiaudulent. He was no !
! advocate of unsound banks, but of banks that j
^ were well managed, and whose paper was con-
j vertibie into specie. It was the people of moderate
i means, and who required their aid, who made
banks; and through them industry was stimulated,
1 and men of small beginnings were enabled to pros- |
j eeute business. j
| When the proposed measure was carried into j!
j operation theie could be no credit, except what'!
i was based on actual gold and silver, and men of
i laige means could control the business interests of ii
1 the country. Borrowers would be obliged to sub- |
j mit to the exorbitant demands of those who had !
,1 money to lend. The credit system had done more j
! [ to promote the interests of men of moderate means .
than anything else. He admitted that credit was
liable to abuse, and so was everything else; but if
credit was susceptible of abuse, was that a reason
why we should denounce it? We had only to
look around, and we would se^ what credit had
done for this country. Credit had made all the
improvements, all the great communications in the
country. We might as well argue against the use
of steam, because it was sometimes attended with
danger, as against the use of credit. The effect of
locking up so much specie must necessarily be to
cripple the business of the country.
Mr. H. had another objection to the scheme.
It was impracticable. It was found so when it was
tried before. He objected to the bill because it
would produce a revulsion in commerce, which
only asked to be let alone. The country was
prosperous under the tariff of 1842, and industry
found employment. Mr. H.'s hour havirfg ex-
pired,
Mr. G. DAVIS obtained the floor, and addressed
the committee. He was gratified, he said, to have
an opportunity at this late period of the debate to
give some hasty views on the subject. If he could
have his own wish, every member would be able
to come here without any prejudice in favor of or
against the Chief Magistrate or any party. He
should only look at the Constitution, and the
merits of the question before him.
It was in this spirit that the Constitution intend-
ed that the members of the House of Representa-
tives should meet the questions before them. But
as this was impossible, the next thing to be desired
was, that there should always be apowerful, zeal-
ous, and intelligent opposition, to scrutinize the acts
of the dominant party, and hold them responsible
for those acts. This could only be done by free-
dom of debate in this Hall, by liberty to discuss
and decide every question that arose according to
its complexity. Mr. D. here vindicated the Whig
party fiom the charge that they had curtailed the
debate on their bill to repeal the sub-treasury. The
measure was fully debated in the other House, and
was debated two days here. The measure consist-
ed of a single clause, presenting no complexity of
provisions.
Mr. DROMGOOLE here stated that there were
two or three separate provisions on the subject in
the bill, which Mr. Davis assented to.
Mr. DAVIS said it was simply a measure for
the repeal of the sub-treasury, and the time allow-
ed for discussion was considered as ample. But
the time allowed now was insufficient, when the
question was whether we should re-establish that
system. He was not disposed to complain of the
limitation of the debate. The author of the bill
[Mr. Dromgoole] had the magnanimity to give us
one more day for the discussion than had at first
been proposed, and thus a few more short hours
had been allowed for the discussion.
The measure was to work an important change
in the concerns of the people and the Government.
The dominant party was now beginning the series
of experiments of which the people complained so
much in 1840. Now, he would ask what reason
there was for making this proposed changer—for
making any experiment upon the concerns of the
people 5 He was free to say that, if his party was
in power, he would be opposed to the re-establish-
ment of the United States Bank; and why? Be-
cause we had now a sound currency in the West,
cheap exchanges, and a wholesome state of busi-
ness. If he were in the majority, he would be
content to let well enough alone. There was no-
thing connected with the state of the exchanges, or
the demands of the revenue, which required this
experiment.
After a few further remarks, Mr. D. yielded the
floor, without concluding, to a motion to adjourn,
and
The House then adjourned a few minutes before
five o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, ^pril 2, 1846.
The VIC E PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a message from the President of the United States,
communicating a petition of the Tonawanda band
of Seneca Indians, praying that steps may be taken
to abrogate the treaties of 1838 and 1842; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BARROW presented the memorial of Be-
