588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April;
than the parentage of Romulus and Remus. This
is not a lecture-room. We are neither professors
nor students, assembled here to discuss the truth
or falsehood of historical statements which have
no relation to our duties. Nor do I suppose,
even if the assertion of Mr. Greenhow is erro-
neous, that our national character would require
the slightest vindication.
Still, sir, as this question is thus brought before
us, I will proceed to give a brief synopsis of it,
and leave honorable Senators to judge for them-
selves. The Senator from Missouri has brought
fonvard prominent facts to prove that the parallel
of 49° was established by commissioners under
the treaty of Utrecht. The first is a despatch
fiom Mr. Madison to Mr. Monroe; the second,
a statement submitted by Mr. Monroe to Lord
Harrowby; the third—I put them together, for '
the honorable gentleman lias joined them—Postle- i
wait's Dictionary and D'Anville's maps. I
Now, sir, the first reflection that strikes a man I
is, that if this line were thus established, the proof j
of it might have been got forty years ago from the j
archives of Paris or London. That would be '
positive and undeniable evidence, and all short of .
it is inconclusive, and su«-h as no tribunal of jus- !
tice would receive as final. j
But what says Mr. Madison? The honorable I
Senator from Missouii says: 44 The fact of commis- ;
snrics having acted, was assumed for ceitain." ;
The language of Mr. Madison reads far otherwise '
tome. As I stated the other day, he speaks doubt- i
fully upon the subject, and I repeat the assertion, !
notwithstanding the contrary averment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri. 44 There is reason to believe,"
said Mr. Madison to Mr. Monroe, <c that the
' boundary between Lomsiaua and the British ter-
' ntoriex north of it, was actually fixed by the
' commissaries appointed under the treaty of
< Uticolit." I
He then adds, that he sends a paper, contain- '
ing the authority respecting this alleged decision; 1
but lie adds cautiously: " But you will perceive the j
4 necessity of recurring to the proceedings of the ;
' commissaries as the source of authentic informs- j
4 tion. These are not within our reach here, and I
4 it must be left to your own researches and judg- 1
4 nient to determine the proper use to be made of ]
4 them." If this is certainty, I should like to know j
what uncertainty is. The honorable Senator re- i
grt-ts that I had not looked into the original doc- j
uments instead of depending on Greenhow; and j
that if 1 had done so, t would not have said that ;
Mr Monroe had not added anything to Mr. Mad-
ison's statement, and had left the question as ,!
doubtful as he had found it. In point of fact, Mr. ■ '
Mom oe added the particulars of which Mr. Mad- '
ison declared his ignorance—added the beginning, 1
the courses, and the end of the line, and stated the i
whole of it with the precision of a man who had .
taken his information fiom the proceedings of the
commissioners. I do not see what particulars they
are of which Mr. Madison declared his ignorance,
and which Mr. Monroe supplied. Mr. Madison 1
doubted the authenticity of the statement, and j
upon that point Mr. Monroe does not say one j
word. j
And I may be allowed here to remark, that Mr. j
Madison doubted with precisely the same facts |
which we have before us—the map and book re- j
f'erred to by the honorable gentleman. And to this :
day not one single circumstance has been added :
which could remove those doubts. Where, then, j
that illustnous man felt uncertainty, I may be per- ,
muted to feel a greater degree of it, in consequence 1
of the direct and circumstantial evidence sincc did- i
covered, leading to the presumption that no such
line was established. But 1 repeat, sir, that in !
this investigation 1 do not profess to come to any 1
absolute conclusion. It is a subject on which men
may differ. The result of my examination im-
presses me with the conviction that no such line
was established. Mr. Monroe presented a memoir
to Lord Harrowby, the Secretary of State, and 1
will now quote from the gentleman's speceh that
part of it which he dwells upon as showing 44 the
* beginning, courses, and end of the line, &c.,
4 with the precision of a man who had taken his
4 information from the proceedings of the commis-
4 saries."_ I will quote, also, the opinion of Doug-
las, tlm historian of North America: and no doubt
can exist on the mind of any man that Mr. Mon-
roe resorted to that authority for his statement,
and not to- the original archives.
Douglas says, page 7: "By
the tieaty, however, the
Canada, or French line, with
the Hudson Bay Company
of Great Britain, was ascer-
tained from a certain pro-
montoiy upon the Atlantic
ocean in 58 deg. 30 nun. of
noith latitude, to run south-
west to Luke Mi&tissm; to
be continued still southwest,
to the 49th degree, and from
thence due west indefinite-
ly."
" Commissaries were ac-
cordingly appointed by each
Power, who executed the
stipulations of the treaty in
establishing the boundaries
proposed by it. Tiiey fixed
the noithern boundaiy of
Canada and Louisiana by a
line beginning in the Atlan-
tic, at a cape or promontoiy
in 58 deg. 30 mm. north
latitude; thence, southwest-
wardly,to the Lake Mistissin;
thence further southwest, to
the latitude of 49 deg. north
fiom the equator, and along
that lim: indefinitely."
Now, sir, the honorable Senator from Missouri
says that Mr. Monroe niustluive taken his informa-
tion from the pioccedings of the commissaries. No
man can doubt but that Mr. Monroe quoted from
Douglas's hook. The language is so nearly iden-
tical as to render such a coincidence impossible, if
it were accidental.
But besides, no commissioners, on such a grave
subject, ever could have employed such loose lan-
guage. Beginning at a point on the Atlantic, not
named, and left to conjecture, thence southwest-
wardly, an indefinite course, it will be perceived,
to Lake Mistissin, without stating what part of
the lake it is to strike. The paper sent to Mr.
Monroe was, no doubt, taken from Douglas,
though, as it is lost, the fact cannot now be ascer-
tained. But as the language of Douglas is used
in making the statement, we may fairly presume
that the whole assertion was made upon the credit
of that historian.
Mr. Monroe, however, presented the fact to
Lord Harrowby, and it was not contradicted by
him, so far as we know.
Fiom this negative circumstance the gentleman
from Missouri draws the important conclusion that
the fact must have been so. I shall not enter into
this matter, as it is not at all important.
Mr. Monroe stntod a fact that had occurred, if it
occurred at all. a century before. It had in reality
little, if any, bearing upon the subject he was
urging, which was the right of the United States
to "possess the territory lying between the lakes
and the Mississippi, south of the parallel of the
49fh degree of latitude."
It was to the iieaty of 1783 that he was referring,
and to Mitchell's map, by which it was formed.
He adverts to the treaty of Utrecht by saying, that
44 by running due west from the northwestern point
of the Lake of the Woods to the Mississippi," ac-
cording to the treaty of 1783, "it must have been
intended, according to the lights before them, to
take the parallel of the 49th decree of latitude, as
established under the treaty of Utrecht.''
Now, sir, it might well be that Lord Harrowby
never considered it necessary to look into this al-
leged fact, us it had no real bearing on the subject,
being alluded to merely as giving reasons which
may have influenced the commissioners in fixing
the boundaries of 1783.
The next proof of the establishment of this line
given by the Senator was Postlewait's Commer-
cial Dictionary, with D'Anville's map. There
is no quotation from the dictionary, and the mat-
ter, therefore, rests on the map alone.
The Senator then 44 pointed out the line estab-
lished under the treaty of Utrecht, and read the
account of it, as given in a note on the upper left
corncr of the map. The description was in these
words:
44 The line that parts French Canada from British
4 Canada wai settled by commissaries after the peace
4 of Utrecht, making a course from Davis's hxht, on
4 Ike .Qtl'tnllc Sea, doirn to the 49fk degree, through the
4 Lafcr Jlbitihis<to thp .Vorthirefi Ocean; therefore Jlfr.
i D'.flaxille's dotted line east of James's Bay is false."
The Senator then states that this map was<fimade
by D'Anvillc, the °;rent French geographer of his
ag?, and dedicated to the Duke of Orleans," &,c.; '
and he adds, it is the "authentic French testimony ;
in favor of the line of Utrecht." j
Now, sir, it is not a little curious that this map, j
thus authoritatively pronounced to be authentic, is j
upon the very face of it stated to be false in one !
important particular. What, then, becomes of the ■
correctness of the assertion of the honorable Sena-
tor, and of the certainty of this testimony?
If wrong in one rcspcct, it may be so in others,
and at any rate our faith in its pretensions is en-
tirely shaken. But I do not understand by whom
this note was written. Evidently not by D'An-
ville, for it impugns his own work. Wehave not,.; ,
therefore, D'Anville's authority for this line
being established under the treaty of Utrecht. He'
marks the line upon his map; but whence his au-
thority for it, is left to conjecture.
One other point, sir: The honorable Senator in-
fers that in an attempted negotiation with the Brit-
ish Government during Mr. Jefferson's Adminis-
tration, two articles were proposed, one by the
American commissioners, and one by the British,
for the establishment of a boundary between our
country and Canada, from the northwestern part
of the Lake of the Woods. The articles are sub-
stantially the same, with this difference, that the
British article provides for running the line west-
ward as far as the respective territories extend in
that quarter, and both contain provisoes, that
neither shall extend west of the Rocky mountains.
The gentleman said: 44 Here is concurrence in the
proceedings of the commissaries under the treaty
of Utrecht." 44 Here is submission to that treaty
on the part of the British," &c., &c. In the first
placc, sir, allow me to remark, that this was a
mere project, and that no treaty was made on the
subject till eleven years afterwards, in 1818. Now,
what is meant by 44 concurrence" here? If acci-
dental coincidence, the matter is not worthy of fur-
ther inquiry. But if by 4< concurrence" is meant,
that this line was actually established by the treaty
of Utrecht, and thus binding on the parties, no
other convention was necessary. Both nations,
upon this assumption, mistook their own rights
and their duties. The boundary had been estab-
lished a century before, and they were carrying on
a useless and barren negotiation, which was thus
blindly and unnecessarily ripened into a treaty in
1718. But, sir, the Senator proceeds to ask what
Mr. Jefferson did with this project > and adds that
he rejected it. And why, sir? The letter from
Mr. Madison to Messrs. Monroe and Pinkney,
dated July 30, 1807, states:
"The modification of the5th article (noted as one which
thp British commissioners would have agreed to) may be
admitted in case that proposed by you to them be not attain-
able. But it is much to be wished and piessed, though not
made an ultimatum, that the proviso to both should l>e~omit-
ted. This is,m no view whatever, necessary, and can have
little other effect than as an offensive intimation to Spain
that our claims extend to the Pacific ocean. However reas-
onable such claims may be, compared with those of others,
it is impolitic, especially at the present moment, to strength-
en Spanish jealousies of the United States, which it is
probably an object with Great Britain to excite by the clause
in question."
Now, sir, Mr. Jefferson's object was not to of-
fend Spain, and therefore he rejects a proviso which
expressly limits our claim to the Rocky mountains,
in order not to excite the jealousy of a most jealous
nation, by even the appearance of interfering with
her rights; and yet the honorable Senator supposes
that this very treaty, without the proviso, was to
run to the Pacific, claiming for us and England the
whole country. And which would excite the jeal-
ousy of Spain most ? To say expressly the Amer-
ican Government will make no arrangement with
that of England for pushing the American title
west of the Rocky mountains; or to form a treaty
actually carrying this claim there without regard
to Spanish rights? It is obvious to me that Mr.
Jefferson did not-believe in the English title west
of the Rocky mountains, as far as the Pacific, and,
therefore, making a treaty with that Power for the
establishment between her and the United States
would not justly give offence to Spam, as it would
not call in question Spanish rights.
The honorable gentleman has not said a word
of Mr. Jefferson in which I do not fully concur.
An abler or a purer statesman is rarely found in
history. Time, which tries the fame of all men, is"
rendering his brighter and brighter; and we have
I scarcely a name in history—certainly but one—
: which is more reverenced by the American people
; as that of a consummate statesman. The honor-
j able Senator will please to recollect that this pro-
ject of Mr. Jefferson's, under any circumstances,
j proves nothing. It was long before the Florida
i treaty, which has rendered our title inexpugnable.
I But, sir, what arc the circumstances which lender
; doubtful—I might perhaps say discredits—the es-
| tabJishment of this parallel of '19° under the treaty
1 of Utrccht ? I will refer here to a portion of an ar-
! tide published in the 44 Union," February 94,1846;
which I understood was prepared by Mr. Green-
i how:
_ u In contradiction of all these opinions, no line of separa-
| tion whatsoever, between the Hudson's Ray territories and
the French possessions is to be found on the targe and
