592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April'%:
¥
sponded with the homily he delivered last evening',
lie (Mr. D.) should not consume time to inquire.
He concurred with the honorable gentleman in the
opinion, when they came here, that they should
examine the questions submitted to their considera-
tion impai tially, and free from the asperity of party-
spirit. Yes, they ought to look up to the Constitu-
tion itself, which is the origin and definition of their
powers; they ought to seek there for the extent of
their powers in the true construction of that instru-
ment itself, and not to descend to former legislation
as a standard, which, 111 many instances, has grown
out of mere party strife, and unfaithfully reflects,
if it does not infringe upon, the letter and the spirit
of the Constitution. If we desire to contemplate
the stars in all their beauty and brilliancy, let us
cast our eyes up to the firmament, and not satisfy
ourselves by looking down at their faithless reflec-
tion m a muddy brook. That would be the course
of wise statesmen -.they would mount up to the Con-
stitution itself as the source of power, and notquote
precedents which have grown out of paity strife,
""he grovelling creature of party may content him-
self by looking no farther to justify his acts than to
foimer measures, enacted in the heat and violence
of partisan excitement, while he disregards and sets
at defiance the supreme authority, the Constitution
of his country. To him, without injustice or vio-
lence, may be applied the words of the poet:
" Then hko an idiot, gazing on the brook,
lit; leap- at j-tais, and fasten*, m the mud."
We ought to attempt to conform all our legisla- .
tion to the Constitution; we have sworn to do it. It j
is the Constitution which binds together this Union, j
which is our source of power; and if wc fail to ob- ■
serve, if we violate it, and break it down, the Union J
itself js destroyed. Sir, that Constitution was j
framed by a wisdom equalled only by the anteee- '
dent bra\ery which achieved our hbeity. It is to i
this confederacy what the keystone is to the arch;
it binds and strengthens all; it binds into one glo-
rious confederacy so many separate, sovereign
States, and it gave rise to that beautiful motto,
" £ pluribus umim."
" 'Tis the last keystone
That makes the arch ; the rest that there were put
Are nothing till that eonies to bind and sliut—
Then stands it a triumphal mark ! then men
Observe the strength, the height, the why and when
Tt win eifpted ; and stilt walking under,
M^et s-ome new matter to look up and wonder."
And wc have daily cause to look up and admire
this beautiful arch of our union, and to view with
delighted amazement and patriotic pride its ad-
mirable operation in binding us together. With
such sentiments, then, of veneration to our Con-
stitution—with such a solemn conviction of our
duty to conform to the provisions of that instru-
ment—I cannot give my assent to anv measure
until a faithful, enndid examination has convinced
me that it is within our constitutional compe-
tency.
With these preliminary remarks, Mr. D. pro-
posed briefly to examine the provisions of this bill,
and to inquire whether they were in conformity
with the letter and spirit of the Constitution, and
with the intention of the fjamers of that instru-
ment—to inquire whether it conforms also to the
early legislation and piactice of the Government.
This bill might be said to be divided into two
parts; the first portion of it, down to the 18th sec-
j ment of the treasury, and such a preservation of
j the funds of Government, conform to the spirit and
| meaning of the Constitution, to the early legisla-
tion of the country, and the practiec of the Gov-
ernment? It is clear, from an examination of the
provisions of the Constitution, that the establish-
ment of a treasury proper is contemplated. The
very idea of the collection of duties, of revenue,
carries with it and embraces within its meaning a
treasury—a place in which this revenue shall be
kept until wanted to be used for constitutional pur-
poses. Besides that, there is a provision in the
Constitution which says thatno money shall be
4 drawn from the treasury but in consequence of
4 appropriations made by law; and a regular state-
1 ment and account of the receipts and expendi-
4 tures of all public money shall be published from
4 time to time.'1 Language, therefore, cannot more
plainly convey an idea than the meaning and inten-
tion of the Constitution is that there shall be a
treasury thus established; and the provision that it
is not to be drawn out of this treasury but in con-
sequence of appropriations made by law, inevita-
bly and conclusively proves that it cannot be inter-
mediately used for any purpose: because, once in
the treasury, it cannot be taken out or used for any
purpose until drawn out for appropriations made
by law, and to meet such appropriations. This
he considered a brief and candid exposition of the
meaning of the Constitution.
And now, did the bill conform to the early le-
gislation of the country, both before nnd after the
adoption of the Federal Constitution? If gentle- j
men would turn to the 1st volume of the laws of j
the United States, they would find the very com- j
mencement of an effort to establish a treasury of {
the United States. Various acts were passed from
time to time placing it under the direction of differ-
ent officers, appointed however by the Continental
Congress. Sometimes under a board of commis-
sioners, or a board of directors, under a superin-
tendent of finance, &c., but invariably under the
idea that the money was never to be used and
mingled up with private transactions; so much so,
chat when they fhst appointed a superintendent of
the treasury, Robert Morris, who was at that time
engaged in some mercantile and commercial affairs,
wiote a letter, which would be found imbodied in
the laws of the United States, asking whether it
would be proper for liini, having made these en-
gagements from which lie could not release him-
self, to exercise the office of superintendent; and
the Congress passed a special provision authorizing
it; but afterwards they passed an act that no per-
son in any way connected with the treasury should
be engaged in any kind of businss; so great was
their precaution against mingling the funds of Gov-
ernment with tho.se of private individuals.
Such was briefly the history of the treasury prior
to the formation of the Federal Constitution; and
soon afier that, when the Treasury Department
was established, after providing in the fourth sec-
tion that the moneys should be received and kept
in the treasury, and the modem which they should
be paid out, they incorporated in the eighth section
of the same act a provision, m conformity with the
previous practice and pimciples of the Continental
Congress, that no person concerned in the treasury
should engage in any business, <&c.; [Mr. D. read
*w .. j this prousion of the law,] all going to show that
tion inclusive, relates to the collection and safe- | the fathers of our (Jo\ernment, both before and
keeping of the public money; the other portion re-
lates to the medium in which the revenue shall be
collected, with some other miscellaneous regula-
tions. lie would not consume the time of the
committee by talcing each section by itself and
reviewing its provisions, fie would simply state,
however, that it provides for the establishment of
a treasury, and for the safe-keeping of the public
money through the agency of officers of' the Fed-
eral Government constitutionally appointed and
legally responsible—thereby, so far as the custody
of thf money is concerned, making a complete
separation of the Government fiom the banking
institutions—ihe irresponsible corporations of the
country. It prevents also (while it effects this
separation from the banks) the public revenue,
from the time of Hs collection to its disbursement,
from being employed m any way whatever by the
individuals who have it in their custody, under
severe penalties, and proposes faithfully and se-
curely to keep it, to be used at all times when
wanted for expenditure for the public service.
The inquiry, then, was, Does such an establish-
after the adoption of the Federal Constitution,
always kept m view and solemnly intended to
guard against the moneys of the Government being
used or mingled with private transactions in the
intermediate time between their collection and ex-
penditure. This bill, therefoie, m that particular,
conforms picciscly to the Constitution, (as 1 have
shown,) and with the understanding of the framers
of the Constitution.
Is that principle carried out when you deposite
the money m banks to use and trade upon ? Is not
that principle violated ? It is not only violated, but
you use the public funds for the purpose of favor
itisin, and for gi\iii£ corporations and individuals
in one section of the country an advantage over
corporations and individuals who do not receive
this money m other sections; so that the Govern-
ment itself is made to practice most iniquitous fa-
voiilism and injustice. That is the effect, even if
the money were in no danger m these inesponsible
corporations.
So far from the dispensing with the agency of
banks increasing the probability of losses. Mr. D.
thought he should be able to show that it would
decrease it at least one-third. There was tooTrag.
tem which either party ever proposed, which &£* '
not contemplate two sets of officers—collecting of-
ficers and disbursing officers. Neither a United
States Bank nor local State banks can dispeosp
| with them. Now this bill proposes simply to ro-
| tain these two classes of officers, and to dispense
j with the agency of banks; and, in so doing, ^ •
! avoid the risk of the losses we have heretofore In-
curred by banks, and to that extent diminish the
, peril to which the public revenue xs exposed. Mr,
D. produced statistics to show the losses which,
have been incurred by banks at different times;
and by dispensing with their agency, he said, we
would at least avoid a similar peril for the future.
From a report made on the 11th of February,
1841, from the Secretary of the Treasury, it ap-
peared that the losses which the Government has
at various times suffered from connexion with
banks, were estimated to amount to the enormous
sum of $15,492,000. A report made to the House
of Representatives, April 30,1830, believed ta have
been by Mr. McDuffie, estimates the aggregate
losses from the reccipt of bank paper winch oc-
curred prior to 1817, at $34,000,000. And in the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury to which
he had just alluded, the total loss from 1789 to tlie
people (the other was in relation to the Government
| itself) from the existence of banks and the use of
' bank paper, is estimated at $365,457,497. If that
had been the loss to the people from the use of
| different paper, and they could show that by a total
\ disconnexion with the banks Ave should at least
improve their condition, while it saved the people
from this peril, that of)itself would be a recom-
mendation of this measure; and that he should
endeavor to show when he came to that branch of
the subject relating to the medium in which the
revenue should be collected.
But if there were no constitutional objection, the
principle that the public revenue can be used for
purposes of trade, even if there were no objections
on the score of inequality and favoritism, is wholly
inadmissible. The effect of taxation in any form
is, to take so much from the industry of the people
to be consumed by the Government; and if it is to
be employed for consumption, and not for repro-
duction, it 1s as wise to allow the finances of the
Government to be used as capital in trade, as it
would be for an individual to take $100, which he
knew he must expend, and consider it sa much
capital invested. The effect was, whenever your
bank proceeds to trade upon so much of the reve-
nue of the Government as it is allowed to use as its
capital—whenever it becomes necessary to with-
draw it, or transfei it from that point to another,
to the extent upon which trade rests upon that
basis, you withdraw the basis, and it topples down,
and its influence is felt not only by those immedi-
ately concerned, but to a large extent by other
trade and business connected with it. But he had
not time to elaborate this principle further.
Mr. D. next proceeded to the provision of the bill
which proposed to return to the constitutional
standard—to the collection of the revenue of the
Government in gold and silver—of which his wor-
thy friend [Mr. Davis] complained m such dolor-
ous terms, as calculated to produce shock, ruin,
and revulsion, and to drain the thirty millions of
dollars out of the banks all at once. He would
endeavor to show, first, that the collection of the
revenue in gold and silver is strictly enjoined
by the Constitution, and that we cannot depart
from it without violating that instrument; and
next, that it would produce no such deleterious
consequences as his honorable friend intimated.
Among the powers conferred by the Constitu-
tion upon Congress is the power '■ to coin money,
regulate the value thereof and of foreign coin,
and fix the standard of weights and measures.''
He railed particular attention to the fact of the
enumeration and classification of the power '• to
coin money and regulate the value theseof," with
the power to " fix the standard of weights and
measures," showing that it was considered as ne-
cessary to regulate the standard of value as of
weights and measures, and that it was designed.
too, that they should be uniform throughout the
Union. The only money-power given by the Con-
stitution to Congress, is lo coin money and regu-
late the value thereof, and of foreign coin. That,
taken in connexion with a prohibition of the Con-
stitution, and with the history of the formation of
