THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB
lie
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OI<
29th Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, APRIL 7, 1846
[.< WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR h RIVES.
New Series....No. 38.
theConstitutlon, shows, as nearly as moral and <| As to hoarding up the revenue, everybody know
political truth can arrive at a mathematical certain- jj that it was collected, not to be hoarded up, but to
ty, that the framers of the Constitution intended, j be disbursed; that there was a constant influx and
fio far as^the Government m concerned, totally and efflux, which produced a salutary circulation, and
tended to expand the circulating medium over the
country for the accommodation of the people. And
absolutely to exclude every species of paper cur
rency. The provision he alluded to was that
which Prohibits any State from making ** anything (  
but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of j funds from one port, of the Union to another, every-
debts," and forbids them to " emit bills of credit." j! body knows that it is not ho. Is not .specie trans-
And the Federal Government was equally prohib- jj ported all o\er the world? And cannot we iians-
ited from issuing bills of credit, for the failure ij fer it over the limits of the United States
' when it was thought the sky was clear, s"^e"'y
I a clap of thunder came, and a universal explosio
| from one end of the country to another, and eve y
! bank in America suspended specie payment. How
i Ions- before it may again happen, and your finances
I be locked up, so that you cannot use one dollar.
wMi reference moinTnorbeing able to^ansfer our \  . matter how sound may be theur ^
- ' tion, is it sale, prudent, wise, or the pan 01saga
cious statesmen, to leai e things in such a conditio
as to render probable, or even possible, such a ca-
lamitous explosion ? And, using the argument o
And
to enumerate powers to be conferred upon the
General Government, is as absolute a prohibi-
better incur it hale expense, even if we have to
haul it in wagons, if you lune good money, than
tion as an express prohibition against the States, { to have your pockets stuffed full of useless trash.
in- Tin: etfeet of establishing this standard, and adher-
because all the powers vested in Congress are enu
merated. But to make the matter more, clear, and j!
to put it beyond doubt, ho begged leave to refer '■
briefly to the debates which took place upon this ij
feature of the Constitution. The Constitution, as
iiiiT to it by the Federal Government, would be to
bring the se\eivtl Suites to adopt it. So far from
injuring their banks, it would induce them to keep
them on a belter and firmer basis; it would increase
originally proposed, after the power to borrow ,1 the specie basis, for besides the amount necessary
money, was drawn up so as to give Congress also !| for the hiuiks, thr amount of revenue of the Gov-
the power to emit bills upon the credit of the
United States, and the debate, upon this subject
would show that nil those who either advocated
the striking out tlmt proposition or retaining; it,
went on the ground, that the retaining it would
confer the power upon the Federal Government lo
issue a paper currency, and the striking it out was
understood to be an absolute prohibition of n paper
currency,
[Mr. "D. read from the debates in 'he Convention
to establish this point.)
Thus he had endeavored to show that the Con-
stitution did not permit the Government to ac-
knowledge or to use any other medium than gold
and silver, and that it was the intention of the
framers of the Constitution totally to exclude pa-
per currency from the Federal Government,
But it was said that this system was a war upon
banks. So far from its being a war upon banks,
it was ail act of non intervention, ail act of neu-
trality. When you select, deposite banks by se-
)ectingone setand making them favorites, by giving
them the advantage of the public funds, vou in
ifact make war upon others who have not tin's ad-
vantage. But the patronage of Federal officers—
■what was it to compare with the officers who would
be under the influence of this league of State banks,
and whose selection would be made by the heads
of these banks, managed as they are by merchants,
politicians, and speculators ? The small pat) ontige
(with which you cannot dispense) in the appoint-
ment of receivers and disbursing ollicci-s sinks
almost into insignificance in comparison with this
vast influence of State institutions over their offi-
cers, amounting to thousands of individuals.
The idea that there is not specie enough to carry
■on the transactions of the Government without
breaking the banks, and producing disaster and
ruin in the country, was a most remarkable one.
He had a great respect for the opinion of his wor-
thy friend from Kentucky, |Mr. Davis.,] but he
■would pardon him, and he hoped be should not
be accused of being British in feeling, or anti-Ame-
rican in feeling, if he put the opinion of'Sir Kobert
Peel in opposition to the gentleman's opinion. Sir
Eobert Peel, who had fully examined the subject-
as, no doubt, the gentleman had—in a speech in
Parliament, m 1844, expressed his belief that there
is gold enough, exclusive of silver, to carry on the
whole commercial business of the world. The ■
amount of specie in the world is estimated to be j
$4,500,000,000, and in the United States more than j
§100,000,000. He hail the. time but to glance at [
the fact of this small comparative portion in the j
United States, and to state that it. arose in a great j
measure from the prevalence of an inferior cur- ■
rency. The amount of specie was now increasing j
in this country. So far back as 1/i89, Mr. Gallatin
estimated the amount of specie in the country at
$72,000,000; and he thought it no exaggeration in
supposing that the amount now in existence was
upwards of $100,000,000. So far from taking the
$30,000,000 out of circulation, at any one time, it
was a fair estimate that $5,000,000 was as much as
-would be withdrawn at any one time from circu-
lation.
38
einun-nt would be leouired in gold and silver; a  - , tk n
hence, instead of diminishing, it would increase j and they reiuie to pay, explode
the soi-cie basis. " !: are your smews of warWhere vour ba K cui
lie had onlv time, with reference to the objei- j; rency > Where your revenue authorized under
tion that hml been made that this bill would have ; the Constitution to be collected, no. only toi me
the cited to make two kinds of currency, lo say ■■ general w elf are, out lor the defence■ of thecom ty.
Ill,,I this bill would not make any currency, the jj Vou nre left powerless, unable to maintain the
currency" both f'oi lh< GoU'nimeiit and for the peo- | rights of^ the country
pie ls^old and silver; if then1 is any worse currency,
Mr. Van Buren nji this subject, if these have been
i; and may again be the calamitous consequences, in
j a time of peace, of the connexion oi the Govein-
!! ment with banks, how much mom disastrous
u would itbc, if we were ensued in war 1 Preserve
j your system of hanks, with the Secretary ox the
i! Treasury, without any limitation of law, to use
i! his discretion as to which of these favorite mstitu-
I, tions he will make the depositories ot the public
|! funds, and with your money scattered over these
institutions throughout the land, and let war come,
thia bill is m>t to blumc, nor the Constitution; it is
the vicmus le;;U!-ui<m of tin- Suites. VW propose
in this hill not to iuiirlW-e with them; we $;o on the
principle of uon-intervrimun and of  Stat« rights,
ij I lo alno hardy nlluded to the <-ost of eK-dian^es.
!i It could never considerably exceed the actual cost
ji of transportation of specie, and that, with the fu-
ll creased facilities of hueieomuiuuieation, was very
'small. And as to the aid of (iovernnient m ex-
 j , and vindicate its honor.
iNow is the time when the hanks profess to be sol-
vit—when we are told they are so; now is the
time to take the precaution, now is the time to re-
turn to the Constitution and the ancient principles
of our forefathers. % _ ,
Permit him to nmkc a parsing reroark to^his
Democratic friends: they had heard intimations
that amendments were to be offered to this meas-
ure by those who profess to be inimical to it. Let
them adopt their own mode. They did not^ask
changes, the Government had no more right to | their political opponents to assist them 111 perfect-
ftirmsh him with a facility of getting his funds from      
1 New Oilcans, than to nu msh him with a wagon
or curt to carry his produce to market. Therefore
this bill did not propose to interfere with exchanges.
Whenever they became deranged, they would he
regulated under the natural operation of the laws of
trade, better than by any interference of Govern-
ment or of banks.
lie wished to refer back for a moment, (for in
the hurry of niiompting to discuss such a variety
of topics In so contracted a time, his remarks
necessarily became confused and desultory.) In
rcU'rcnct! to the use of specie in the transiu tions
of Government and individuals, the calculation
made (lie thought) by Mr. Crawford was, that the
specie us'-d would be about one dollar to six of
the amount of re\enue to be expended. In other
words, if you collect 530,000.000, $5,000,000 at
ing a measure under our peculiar care, and belong-
ing to the Democratic party peculiarly. They
wanted none of their aid. And let him say, also,
to his Democratic friends, to forbear offering any
proposition extraneous to this bill—such as estab-
lishing mints, &c. They are local questions,
foreign to the bill, and should not be mixed up
with it.
We should pass this bill, (said Mr. D.,) and
that by a triumphant majority. He paid a high
tribute, to the fur-seeing' patriotism and consum-
mate ability displayed by Mr, Van Buren in his
recommendation of"this system in his Message at
the called session of 1837. How_gratifying (con-
tinued he) must it be to that eminent statesman,
in retirement, to see that his principles have at last
triumphed. It is due to the Constitution, from
whose principles wc have so long departed—it is
«ny one time is sullicicnt to perform this function: |i due. to the mnjesty of the popular will—it is due to
; and the §30,000,000 would not need to be. abstract- |, our own honor and principles—faithfully to reflect
: cd from the banks lo h-.nc I hem lifeless, and hope- ij the sentiments of our constituency, who at last
[ less, anil baseless. The calculation is, that in pri- jj ha\ e expressed themselves so loudly upon It.
i \ntc transactions! between man ami mall, the dol- With these considerations, it is predestined that this
: Jar ill specie ansu'-rs the place of $30 in trade, ex- Ij bill should pass by a triumphant majority in both
* change, and neighborhood business transaction'.; !j branches of the legislature; and it is a gratifying
and m Government revenues, that §1 in specie, an- !| reflection that it is a measure which brings togeth-
■ swers the place of VI: so that it was idle, while we j er in harmonious and patriotic co-operation the
collect <Ci0.000.000, to talk of withdrawing that j; whole Democratic party—a unanimity ana co-
; amount trom business anil from circulation. 'i operation which he believed to be a bright har-
But one passing remark m reference to the allu- '| binger of the harmony to be exhibited on all future
: sion of the gentleman from Kentucky, to the pre-I: occasions.
j sent sound and healthful state of the currency jj Mr, MARTIN, of Tennessee, said he nad de-
i which his friend was unwilling to interrupt; but'. signed to address the committee briefly in reply
■ he [Mr. IHws] looked forward to the day, (Mr. ; to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. C, B. Smith,]
O. did not say that, the gentleman looked forward ;i but owing to the complaints of the opposition to
witli jov to any disaster,) when the bloated sys- ij the shortness of time allotted for the debate on the
tem (for bloated it would be, if there was no bill under consideration, he had waived his right,
1 restriction put upon the banks by a public cijrren- ; and yielded the floor to gentlemen who had mani-
cv) would become exploded and burst, like the ;i fested much anxiety to get the floor. But as only
toad that atteimued to swell as big as the ox; and ;! ten minutes was all that was allowed lurn, he would
then the gentleman thought he should take advan- ij here remind gentlemen that they had done the Pres-
ta., e of the e.ircu instances to carry out his favorite
scheme of reviving the " obsolete idea" of a United
States bank. The gentleman had disclosed the
fact, that he looks forward to that condition of
things; and might it not happen any time > In a ,
time of profound peace, on the 3d of May, 1337. banks, the object of Mr. Q. was not so much to
. ident injustice in regard to the Constitutional Treas-
| ury. In 1834, when the amendment was intro-
I duced by Mr. Gordon, of Virginia, to the bill
\ brought forward by the friends of the then Admin-
istration, to regulate the deposites in the State
