594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
secure the passage of the measure as to embarrass
the then President of the United States. That fact
was well known, and now believed to have been
the design of the advocates of the bill. The Gov-
ernment had beheld the corruption and faithless-
ness of the United States Bank; she had brought
herself in direct conflict with the Government: she
had proved herself an unworthy agent of the Gov-
ernment; in fact she had bid defiance, and withheld
the means of the Government in her coffers, refu-
sing to pay over moneys by her received, which
she was legally and morally bound to do.
What was the result? To let her retain the de-
posits, was to sanction her corrupted and corrupt- :
nig disregard of law. The result was to regulate i
the deposites in the local banks, which banks were
then solvent, faithfully redeeming their pledges in
payment of gold and silver for their paper, under
these circumstances, Colonel Polk was opposed to
the crude, undigested plan proposed by Mr. Gor-
don, offered, not with any hope of its passage, but
only to embarrass, and, if possible, to defeat the
measure of the President then in ofii.ee. The Uni-
ted States Bank having made itself unworthy of
confidence, and the State banks in hkejnanner, the
President now rec.ommcnds to the American Con-
gress to adopt the measure first suggested and
adopted by the trainers of the Constitution, which
was contemplated by the Constitution—the collect-
ing and safekeeping of the public treasure, not by
an imaginary or ideal being, but by the treasury
and its duly qualified agents.
But it is said the President has changed on this
subject. For the sake of argument, suppose he
has; would it be a crime, when a measure proposed
by the Wings had, after due consideration, duly
weighed, received the approwd of the, enlightened
age t I ask, will the opposition, or <i pai t of them, j
abandon their own Misprint, because another i
comes to its nursing' Usually parents arc pleased '
with the fiattering attentions that their offspring
receive. In this cose are the laws of nature to be ;
reversed? Is the tender plant planted by the hits- ,
bandman by him to be abandoned, by him to be ,
plucked up, and considered as unwoithy of care, 1
and denounced as fruitless, because another may
delight in it, and look upon it as the most beauuiul :
that adorns the garden of flowers ? He trusted ;
not. Mr. M. said he hoped gentlemen, or one, at 1
least, would return to their first love, and if not act I
with the Democrats, at least permit the Democracy
to act with them, and, with their Hid, pass imo a j
law the measure m 1834 introduced by the AV higs— !
by them supported and voted for; vote with us for :
a measure which the safeguards of restraint, re- ;
strictions, and penalties are, by the bill now in ]
committee, thrown around their once-favored oil-
spring.
But the gentleman fiom Indiana depicted to us
the consequenccs of this bill—the evils to result
from it; and not only were they depicted by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, but by the two gentlemen
from Kentucky, [Mr. Grider and Mr. G. Dams ]
Now, I call the House to take into consideration
one fact. If this bill be so odious—if this bill be :
so contrary to the spirit of our institutions—if this
bill be calculated to derange the tiade and com-
merce of the country—I ask, who was found de-
ranging the trade, who was found deranging the
monetaiy system in 1834? The gentleman from
Indiana was asked to tell who was opposed to tins
bill; he was called upon frequently, and frequently
did he evade the answer by reading what others
have said. "Well, you hear who was in favor of
this bill. Will you hear who advocated this mon-
ster ? Will you hear who supported it before the
American people, as the Ajax Tclamon of finance
of that day? Was it Polk ? May 1 be permitted
to read ? " Those who voted in the affinitive
are1'—who? I will read but oxe; and ni that one
name there is a reply to the argument, of the gentle-
man from Indiana; and he should have sheathed
his sword—he should have remained silent when
he let loose his artillery upon the advocates of this
system. He should have known that it was on
attack upon his own file-leader. Who is that file-
leader? Mr. Granger, of New York? Mr Pres-
ton, of South Carolina? \ ask, was it the venerable
gentleman from Virginia, [turning to Mr. Drom-
goole ?] Pardon me, (he said,) I forgot you were
a bachelor. I ask, who voted for the bill ? May
I direct your attention to the venerable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams r] When the
House was called, who said " ay?" Who was in
favor of this system ? Those who voted in the
affirmative are, John CUjincy Adams, of Massa-
chusetts 
Mr. ADAMS here rose for explanation.
Mr. MARTIN declined to yield, as he had but
five minutes left. And I beg to say, (Mr. M. add-
ed,) that my object was not to arraign the gentle-
man from Massachusetts.
Mr. ADAMS, (still seeming to insist upon an
opportunity for explanation.) If the gentleman
had not arraigned me, I would not ask for expla-
nation.
Mr. MARTIN I only referred to the John j
Ctuincy Adams of 1634. My object is not to get |
into a political collision with the'gentleman from !
Massachusetts; for, permit me to make one re- j
| mark : I am with that gentleman much as Ihe
i rackoon was with Captain Scott: " Is that Captain
I Scott? Captain John A. Scott ? If that is Gap-
! tain Scott, I will come dovnI will always
i " knock under" to that gentleman (said Mr. M.)
| Mr. ADAMS. I surrender.
; Mr. MARTIN. No; 1 surrender in advance,
i sir; and it is no dishonor to surrender to the gen-
j tleman.
| But (continued Mr. M.) I have read that bill;
yes, 1 have examined this deformed skeleton with-
i out flesh, without skin, without the elements of
I life; and with all its deformities, we have for our
| file-leader, and as the advocatc of this much-abused
! system, the honorable and venerable gentleman
! from Massachusetts. When you draw your weap-
; on again—when you attempt to break a lance, go
first and offer an apology to your own leader, and
■ then you may attempt to arraign those who follow
hun.
But, a word to the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Gmdkr,] as I hdie\c I have but about a
! minute left. The gentleman Mtmmed up eight dil-
| ferent kinds of Democracy on tins floor. Now, I
; ask the gentleman from Kentucky, was that tne
. total sumi
| Mr. GRIDER was understood to say that he
j had never made any paitieular estimate of the ag- j
j gregate number; he only named those which oc-
! curred to him.
; Mr. MARTIN resuming. I should be happy if
j I had time 
! [A voice ; You must make haste m being "hap-
i py-"]
| Mr. MARTIN, (continuing the scntcncc,) to
! bring before the House the different kinds of
Whigs. I have made some little estimate, and I find
the small number of twenty-eight different kinds
of Whigs; and about twenty m this House.
[A voice: "Let's have them."]
Very well, (said Mr. M.) We have Abolition
Whigs,and anti-Abolition Whigs; thatisftvo; then
j we have a portion of the Whigs of this House who
;! are in favor of Congiess manumitting the slaves of
:j the District of Columbia, and a portion opposed to
I; them, (among whom my friend from Kentucky is
,j to be found;) that is four.
II Here the hammer fell.
:j The hour of one having arrived, the committee,
in pursuance of the order of the House of yester-
,j day, proceeded to vote on amendments pending or
,! to be olfered.
The first question was on the following amend-
ment, heretofore offered by Mr. Caleb 13. Smith,
to the fast section:
"Provided, That nothing contained in this act
shall be so construed^as to prevent the Secretary of
the Treasury from depositing the revenues of the
Government in any bank or banks when he may
! deem it expedient, and also to receive Government
| dues in the paper of specie-paying banks."
! Mr. SMITH withdrew the amendment.
I The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by sec-
i tions.
! Pvir. NIYEN moved to amend the second sec-
tion, by constituting one of the depositories of the
public money "the branch mint of the city of New
York, to be established under the provisions of this
act." Rejected.
Mr. McHENRY offered the following amend-
ment ; which was rejected :
In section fifth, lines five and six, strike out the
words " unless sooner removed therefromand in-
sert, in lieu thereof, the words " if they shall so
long faithfully discharge the duties of their respective
should be located at Cincinnati instead of St. Louis,,
Rejected.
Mr.,GRAHAM moved to amend the seventh "
section so as to provide that the sureties shall be ■
owners of unencumbered real estate to the amount"
of the penalties of their bonds, which shall be con-
sidered a lien on -said real estate.
' "The vote was taken by tellers, and announced as >
—ayes 73, noes 67.
Sqme doubt existing as to the accuracy of the-
connt, a second count was ordered", and taken, and -
the vote stood—-ayes 64, noes 81. , ^
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL moved the follow-
ing amendment to the tenth section, which was
rejected: . . ~
Amend by inserting in the tenth section, twelftn
line, after the word " require:" "Provided, That
nothing herein contained shall be construed to re-
quire the actual transfer of the gold and silver in
one depository to another, but that such transfer
may be made by the Secretary of the Treasury by
drafts or other convenient mode."
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL then offered the
following amendment, which was rejected:
At the end of the tenth section insert: "Provided,
That nothing herein contained shall be construed
to prevent the officers of the United^States, or, other
agents of the Government, receiving such drafts,
from procuring the same to be discounted, or
otherwise negotiating the same." Rejected.
Mr. HUNGERfORD offered the following
amendment to the twelfth section: SixthJine, after
word " reasonable," add " not exceeding six dol-
lars per day, and travelling expenses."
Mr. S. JOKES moved to amend the amendment
by striking out the word " and" travelling ex-
penses, and inserting "including" travelling ex-
penses. Rejected.
And the amendment of Mr HUNGERFORD
was agreed to.
Mr. DROMGOOLE offered the following
amendment, which was agreed to:
" Sec. 15. Be it enacted, <?,•«., That the Secreta-
ry of the Treasury may, at his discretion, transfer
the balance remaining with any of the present de-
positories, to any other of the present depositories,
or to any of the depositories established by this
act, as he may deem the safety of the public money
or the public convenience may require. And for
the purpose of payments on public account out of
balances remaining -with the present depositories,
it shall be lawful for the Treasurer of the United
States to draw upon any of the said depositories
as he may think most conducive to the public in-
terests, or to the convenience of the public credit-
ors, or both."
Mr. WHITE moved to amend the sixteenth
section by adding the words, " which certificates
shall not be transferable." Rejected.
Mr. M. L. MARTIN offered the following
amendment to the seventeenth section:
Insert after the word "felony," in the sixteenth
line of the seventeenth section: "And if any of-
ficer charged with the disbursement of public mo-
neys shall accept, or receive, or transmit to the
Treasury Department, to be allowed in his favor,
any receipt or voucher from a creditor of the Uni-
ted States, without having paid such creditor, in
such funds as the said officer may have received
jj for disbursement, the full amount specified in such
! I receipt or voucher, every such act shall be deemed
j j to be conversion by such officer to his own use
11 of the amount specified in such receipt or voucher."
J Aereed to.
Mr. PETTIT moved to amend the fifth section
by providing that one of the receivers-general
| Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL moved the fol-
lowing amendment:
Insert at the end of the 17th section.. " Provided,
That nothing herein contained shall be construed
to prohibit, such postmaster, or other officer, from
! depositing at his own risk the public money re-
ji ceived by him, in any bank which shall at the
j time redeem its bills in specie on demand, until
11 he shall, in pursuance of this act, be required to
pay over the same to the Treasurer, or other offi-
cer of the Untied States." Rejected.
;! On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, the bill was
[i amended in the 17th section, by striking out the
! following words in the 5th and 6th lines, " M d of
ji the kind of money in which it is received," and
!j by striking out the following words in the 6th and
jj 7th lines: "and the kind of currency in which it
ii is made."
