598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
There was a second, and the main question was
ordered.
Mr. HARPER moved that the title be laid on
the table and printed.
The motion was not in order.
The amendment was then agreed to.
And the title, as amended was agreed to.
Air. CONSTABLE, on leave given, presented
resolutions of the following titles, from the State of
Maryland:
A resolution in favor of free bridges over the
Eastern branch of the Potomac; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
A resolution recommending the erection of a fort
on Sollers's Point, with a view to the defence of the
city of Baltimore-, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
A resolution recommending an appropriation for
the erection of a light-house on Grcensburg Point,
at the mouth of the harbor of Annapolis.
A resolution recommending an appropriation for
the construction of a light-boat to be stationed at
the Bodkin, mouth of the Patapsco, and for plant-
ing three buoys at the mouth of Wicomico river.
A resolution in favor of the repeal of the act of
Congiess of the 4th of March, 1837, concerning
pilots.
Ordered, That the said resolutions be referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
And the Mouse adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, ,/lpril 3, 1846,
THE INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that said House had pass-
ed a bill entitled "An act to provide for the better
organization of the Treasury, and for the collec-
tion, safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement of
the public revenue;" in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested. The bill was then read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
PETITIONS.
Mr. DIX presented four remonstrances of citi-
zens of New York, against the renewal of a patent
heretofore granted to .Tethro Wood; which were
laid on the table.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the petition of Peter
Von Schmidt, praying the adoption of his plan for
carrying vessels over bars and shoals, by the navy
of the United Slates; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Allans.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition of Pe-
ter Frost, praying a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ATHERTON presented the petition of the
heirs of John Morrison, deceased, asking to be in-
demnified against loss by depreciation of conti-
nental currency, which was referred to the Com- j
mittee on Revolutionary Claims. !j
Mr. ARCHER presented the petition of Mi- j!
ehael Hanson, late a seaman in the United States j;
navy, praying a pension; which was referred to j!
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of the j'
Select and Common Councils of the city of Plula- j'
delphia,asking that a law may be passed to insure I;
medical attendance on board emigrant ships; which j!
was referred to the Committee on Commerce. ij
Mr. PEARCE moved that the resolutions pre- ;!
sented by him on the 1st instant, from the Legis- j'
lature of Maryland, be taken from the table; which j;
was agreed to; the resolution in relation to a bea- |!
con-light at the mouth of the harbor of Annapolis,
was referred to the Committee on Commerce; and jj
that in relation to making the bridges over the .'
Eastern branch of the Potomac free of toll, was ''
referred to the Committee on the District of Co- ''
lumbia. !'
Mr. R. JOHNSON moved that the several res-
olutions from the Legislature of Maryland, pre-
sented on the 1st instant, be taken from the table;
which was agreed to; those m relation to the re-
peal of the pilot laws of 1837, and in relation to a
light-boat at the mouth of the Patapsco river, were
referred to the Committee on Commerce; and the
one in relation to fortifications on Sollers's Point
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. J„ the memorial of Ross Wi-
nans and others, praying that steel may be admit-
ted free of duty, was taken from the table, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
I REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported, without amendment, the House
bill for the relief Smith, Thurger, & Co,
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, submitted an adverse report upon the bill
for the relief of S. B. Duvall.
Mr. PENNYBACKER, from the Committee of
Claims, reported, without amendment, the House
bill for the relief John S. Pierce. "
Mr. P. also reported, without amendment, the
House bill for the relief of Adam McCulloch.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported a bill to repeal the
act of March, 1837, entitled "An act concerning
pilots;" which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
GENERAL ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the adverse report of the Committee on Naval Af-
fiur«, upon the petition of Samuel H. Thompson;
which was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, upon the petition of the
legal representatives of John Fulford, deceased;
which was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, on the petition of the ex-
ecutor of Henry Tatum, deceased; which was
concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims upon the petition of the heirs
of Charles Pastener, deceased; which was con-
curred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims upon the memorial of the
heirs of John Campbell, deceased; which was con-
curred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Naval A flair* upon the petition of Carey H. Seely;
which was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs upon the petition of Mary D. Wade;
which was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
the Judiciary upon the petitions of members of the
bar of Philadelphia and New Jersey in relation to
the distribution of an unexpended appropriation
for the salary of one of the judges of the Supreme
Court, which was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs upon the petition of Elizabeth Se-
vier; which wns concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions upon the petition of Eli Hyde; which
was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs upon the petition of J. Melville Gil-
liss; which was concurred in.
BREVET AND STAFF RANK.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
report, submitted a few days since by Mr. Ben-
ton, from the Committee on Military Affairs, on
the petition of sundry officers in the army of the
United States, m relation to brevet and staff rank;
which was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs upon the petition of the mechanics
and laborers in the Washington navy yard; which
was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Private Land Claims upon the memorial of the
heirs ofErastus Brown; which was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims upon the petition of the ex-
ecutor of Abigail Waddans; which was concur-
red in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims upon the petition of "Wil-
liam S. Jett; which was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims upon the petition of Simeon
Hubbard ; which was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
the^Judiciary upon the petition of Charles Stearns;
which was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions on the petition of Jemima Flood; which
was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims upon the petition of William
W. Wilson and of Willis Wilson, deceased; which
was concurred in.
Mr. FAIRFIELD moved|f&t
i, afio^fhat the.Senate take
prior orders-
of the day be postponed, atftF'fhat the.Senate take
up for consideration the bill to change the distribu-
tion of duties in the naval bureaus; which was
agreed to.
The bill was then read a second time,-consider-
ed as in committee of the whole, reported back
without amendment, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
[A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States.]
Mr. SEVIER moved that the Semite resume the
consideration of the special order of the day*, which
was agreed to.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the special order, being the joint resolution, &c.j
when
Mr. ASHLEY addressed the Senate* He said
it could scarcely be expected by any one that he1
could advance anything new on the question be-
fore the Senate at that stage of its discussion. All
that he could hope to be able to do would be? to
present some of the old arguments in a new guise;
and even that he feared he would not be able to do
with any considerable degree of credit to himself.
Laboring under these manifest disadvantages,
which those not long engaged in political discus-
sion must labor under—not having for years in-
vestigated with close attention the various ques-
tions presented—he was sensible that he was in
danger of presenting many crude views on" the
subject. Be that as it might, however, he could
not feel himself justified, as one of the representa-
tives of one of the sovereign States of the Union,
in giving a silent vote upon a question of such mo-
mentous consequence as the one now under con-
sideration, involving possibly the peace of this
country with one of the most powerful nations of
the earth, as it was vauntingly represented. He
could not excuse himself if he did not give the
reasons which influenced his vote. He held him-
self responsible to his constituents for the strength
and correctness of those reasons. In the discus-
sion of the question * various matters had been in-
troduced, which, in his humble judgment, were
altogether irrelevant, and had really nothing to do
with the question. If they were to confine them-
selves to the isolated question properly and legiti-
mately before them, it appeared, in his opinion,
that there could hardly be any difference of senti-
ment as to the course which ought to be adopted.
There were some other considerations which doubt-
less it was proper to entertain.
It was- doubtless right and proper that the Sen-
ate of the United States—so important a branch of
the Government—should look forward to, and care-
fully weigh, the results that might be anticipated
from the giving of this notice. They were bound
to look forward, and see whether that measure was
likely to result in war. If such a result was likely
to follow from it, undoubtedly they then might
take a different view of it from what they would be
justified in doing if they supposed that it would, on
the contrary, result in peace. Thus far he be-
lieved it was proper to go beyond the intrinsic
merits of the question before them; but beyond
that, he could not for the soul of him see the pro-
priety of the introduction of any one of the various
views, and positions, and points, and considera-
tions, introduced on both sides of the Senate, not
bearing, in his judgment, directly on the question.
What had they to do with such irrelevant consid-
erations ? With what propriety were4.hey brought
forward ? If the giving of the notice, in the judg-
ment of the Senate, must result in war, it might,
perhaps, afford grounds for difference of opinion,
and furnish reason for deferring'the notice till they
prepared for that war; but that was all that he
could see had a legitimate bearing on the question.
Notwithstanding he had said that many irrelevant
considerations had been introduced, having been
introduced, there were a few of them that he felt
bound to notice, and to comment upon. He would
not have introduced them himself; but as they had
been introduced, though improperly as he believed,
yet he hardly knew how the discussion of them
could be well avoided in these circumstances.
Having been presented for their deliberation and
