1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
597
decision, silence might involve a wrong construc-
tion of the views of the Senate.
One matter had somewhat surprised, him. It
was the introduction of the subject of the Balti-
more convention Before the Senate; a-nd the state-
ment of the gentlfmaii from Virginia, [Mr. Arch-
er,] charging; that that was the result of jacobin-
ism, was still more surprising. On reading the
gentleman's speech, he (Mr. A.) took occasion to
examine the subject with renewed attention. He
confessed that he had not before been perfectly
well informed on the subject—perhaps he was not
yet; but he had examined with some care the
grounds on which the gentleman had preferred the
charge of jacobinism against any portion of the
Democratic party. He could not sec the propriety i
of the allusion to the Baltimore Convention, either 1
on one side of the Senate or the other. But it
had been introduced, and he. conceived it to be his
duty to make some reference to it. He read the
resolution:
" Resolved, That our till- to the whole of the territory of
Oregon m clear unci uinjiiei-tioiialile; th:it no portion oi tin-
same ought to lie cert'd to England or any other Town-;
and that tile rooceupiuion of Oregon and tin- reanneviition
of Texas at the r;\i lier-.t practicable lie nod, m-e nie.it -\iuei~
ieail measures, wlueli thin convention leeomntends n> the
cordial support of tho Democracy ol the Ciilon."
That resolution, with several others, was offered
by Mr. Butler, of New York, a prominent mem-
ber of the Democratic party; and it \vas no more
nor less than a recommendation to that party
throughout the United StuUs, whit li constituted a
great majority of tho people. Some gentlemen on
the other side of the chamber shook their heads in
token of dissent from that assertion; but we have
tho proof, actual, positive, demonstrated by the
fact that the candidates of that party for the .Pres-
idency and Vice Presidency had been elected._
He denied that there was anything that savored ol
jacobinism in the resolution he had just read.
Whether it bound the people or not, whether it
bound the Democratic party or not, it was eeitain
that it bound, an strongly a* bands could bind, two
individuals—the President and Vice President.
Long anterior to the Baltimore ( mivenlinii, Mr.
Polk, as was well known, had given to the world
similar views on the Oregon question to those
which were presented tn the resolution. Tie (Mr.
Polk) had always claimed that the title ol'the Uni-
ted States to the whole of Oregon was clear mid
selves the right of soil, although professedly ad-
mitting the West into the Union on an equal foot-
ing. But the West, although they regarded this
as legalized robbery, and although they vented
their complaints, did not resort to any but con-
stitutional moans of obtaining redress. ^ So with
regard to the tariff of 1842; they had quietly and
peaceably submitted to that which was nothing
but a legalized robbery of the fruits of honest in-
dustry and toil. The ballot-box had been their
only resort. They had never had in the West a
Hartford Convention to resist their own Govern-
ment. They had never put arms in the hands of
their militia, nor resisted the excise. No State ill
the Union, with the exception of Massachusetts,
bad given up so much as the West had done.
No; they were a law-loving people. And as to
education, he believed he could show that in that
| population to continue increasing in the same ratio
j from 1840 to 1846, inclusive, it would show the
! white male population, at the end of the present
i year, to be about 8,645,225. This being assumed,
I the number of births of white males since 1840
1 would be about 637 per day; of which number
probably 48 per cent, reached the age of 18 years,
| or about 306 per day. All this was based upon an
average annual increase of the first ten years alm-
' ded to; but as the progressive or geometrical ratio
: was greater—say about 4.32 per cent.—for the pe-
1 riod in which population is supposed to double—a
; calculation founded on that ratio would give in the
; last six years an increase of 1,879,053, or a total
i of 9,028.487, affording 858 births a day, which, at
i the same ratio of mortality, would give daily 412
1 white males arriving at the age of 18 years.^ In
i this way it would be seen that an annual addition
.espect they contrasted not unfavorably with any j; could be made to their forces of 140,380 adults ca-
portion of the Union. To show that, he would ji pable of bearing arms. So they could bring an army
ask the indulgence of the Senate whilst he referred jj mto the field as large as that which Bonaparte led
to a table which he held in his hand: ji irlto Russia, and afford a sacrifice at the same time
Proportion of white persons over 20 wtrrs of age who \ '• of 140,380 men annually \ Mr. A. next entered on
' ■ •  - ■  a somewhat elaborate review of the argument based
by Great Britain on the Nootka Sound convention,
raiinn! rent! and write, to the aggregate white popu-
lation of the fallowing States, uccurding lo the cen-
sus if 1840.
In Virginia 7.72 per cent.
Arkansas 8.25 "
Illinois , . .   5.82 "
Missouri 5.97 '•
Indiana 5.(11 "
Michigan  1.02 "
Ohio  2 35 <•
Awrnge per cent, proportion of the six last-
named Slates, 4.84 per cent.
He had left out of ibis table Kentocky, Ten-
nessee, anil Missii-uppi, because neither of the
gentlemen u ho spoke presented the views of these
Suites ni the tune they spoke. But bow wu< it
with "Old Virginia"—with her university, and
colleges, and academies, her great wealth, and
means of education for one hundred years.'' Whv,
she had a propoition of* 7 72 per renl. who eould
not read or write, whilst the average of the
11 West" was 4 SI percent.! lie. thought, there-
fore, that the sneer about deficient < dueation came
from tile gentleman on the opposite side with a
very bud grace indeed.
Passing from that subject, he went on to speak
unquestionable. He had contended for that in j. of the course of the argument pursued by some
language us strong as that employed by the hon- *'  - * 1 ------ 1 J 
oranle Senator from Missouri [Mr. Bcntov] in
the year 1842. Mr. A. then went at some length
to argue that, by tho Baltimore resolution, the
President was legitimately bound. The representa-
tives of the Democratic, party had an undoubted
right, after having elected him, In requite him to
carry out the principles lie. had thus previously i nnd patriotic, as gentlemen on his side. But he
avowed. The resolution, therefore, was binding j thought they erred in judgment, and had, by their
■on the President, and Vice President. By way of i; - -     <• -<■
illustration, ho referred to tho abuses which were
frequently practised by electors, who, previous to i;
their election, canvassed their districts, and ex-
pounded their views, for the purpose ol obtaining i
votes, without reference to any binding obligation <
on the individual who was the candidate lor the ■
Presidency; and it was possible for these electors 1
to turn traitors, at the last moment., and cast then-
votes for a candidate of opposite principles. Such ,
a eoursc was prevented by this resolution, lie i
repudiated the idea that there was uny jacobinism ;
in it. It was not held in tcrroreiu over the icgis- i
btion of Congress. It was simply a declaration
of the opinions and will of a majority of the people
of the United States, and one by winch their can- .
didates were bound. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Archer] had thought proper to decry
the intelligence of the western people. He had 1
accused them of a recklessness of temperament,
but charitably expressed the hope that the bless-
ings of a more diffused education amongst them
would ill time correct tho evil effects of that tem-
perament. He (Mr. A.) would ask if the Senator ,j
really knew the people west of the Alleghanies, to
whom he had thus alluded? There was not any
' portion of the American people that surpassed them ;.
in patriotism, in warm, intelligent, and sober at- ;
tachment to tho institutions of this country. So
far from being reckless, they had exhibited the
patience of Job. After entering into a solemn ,i
compact with them, the old fetiUes had taken into !
their possession the whole of the puw:- 1
the western States; they had resets
gentlemen as not being, in his judgment, indica-
tive of a reflecting and judicious patriotism. He
did not menu to cast censure on the Senators who
had, conscientiously no doubt, advocated the Brit-
ish liile. Ho would not say of them, because he
did not believe it, that they acted under British in-
lluence. 1 le believed those gentlemen to be as pure.
mrse, put arguments into the hands of the British
negotiator. Such, for instance, was the statement
of the .Senator from Maine, |Mr. Kvaks,| that tho
expedition of hewis and Clarke was represented
by Mr. koberlsmt as purely commercial, and that
they applied to hnigltuul, Prance, and Spain, for
passports, and actually obtained them. He (Mr.
A..) had no doubt, that that was all a fish stoiy;
but still, suppose it had any foundation, let them
see what, the Senator had done to aid Great Brit-
ain ! He (Mr. A.I did not impute to the Senator
any design to aid Great Britain in her pretensions,
but he spoke of the effect and tendency of his ar-
gument.
Air. A. then went on to express his disapproha-
iii the course of which he alluded to the views ad-
1 vanced on the same subject by Mr. Archer and
! others; and contended tluitunder the Nootka Sound
] treaty it was impossible for Great Britain to estab-
■ hsh "any title. It reminded him of a man, who,
under the influence of monomania, had cherished
the idea that lie was entitled to the whole city of
Rochester, because lie had once sold the land 011
which it was built; and that, although he had part-
ed with the deed, he had a right to be as rich as
. John Jacob Astor. This was a parallel with the
' claim of Great Britain under the Nootka Sound
treaty. I11 all her negotiations, she had never men-
tioned this ground of claim, until 1824 01- 1826.
The only claim she had set up was under Cook's
I discovery, and by virtue of purchases from Indians
; south of the Columbia river. The terms of the
' Nootka Sound treaty had been obtained at the can-
| non's mouth, and such could never be the case with
tho United States. He believed that by bringing
this ground of claim into the convention to sustain
' her title, Great Britain had committed a suicidal
act.
Mr. A. here read the fifth article of the treaty,
and proceeded: Now, sir, this fifth article controls
the third completely, and confines the British right
of settlement to thenorth of the positions occupied
by Spain. If that is not the clear construction of
it, then under that treaty they could go clear down
to Mexico, which they never had the assurance
to do. The construction I have stated is that
which any lawyer would make—that is, that the
I fifth article controls the third, and limits the settle-
| moms of Great Britain to the north of those occu-
i pied by Spain. When Vancouver went back for
the purpose of executing this convention, he found
a Spanish settlement of ten houses at Nootka
! Sound. What did lie do? He claimed the resto-
' ration of these ten houses, and the delivery up of
Nootka Sound. But, in response to these de-
! iirnnds, the Spanish commander offered to give
him a little corner lying between the houses and
: the Pacific, containing about half an acre. This
i was refused, with the assertion that the bay of
I San Francisco was the noithe.ru limit of Spanish
settlement. The contrary is the fact. But let me
here observe, Mr. President, that if Nootka Sound
has ever been restored to Great Britain, to secure
which object she fitted out an armament which cost
her fifteen millions of dollars, shenever would have
tion iif the introduction of the. question of the like- |i left it as doubtful whether it Was restored; she
liluiod of war resulting from the notice, and of the,
parade that had been made of the naval strength of 1
I'liigland, and the alleged comparative weakness of I
the. United .States, lie would ask, as lawyers
would snv. " <* > bono What was the object of <
all the \i\id descriptions of the horrors of war '
-u hicil they had beard ? AVas it to alarm the fears !
of the American people! He could hardly suppose !
so. That would be a foolish effort. He was con- |
(ident that if war came, it would result ill sweeping j
awav every vestige of European power from this!
continent. The United States need not fear a con-
test «itli the whole world. They had the means
of
the
would have placed proof thereof in her archives,
and in those of Spain also. If those proofs ex-
isted now, she would produce them; but as they
are not produced, it is conclusive evidence that
none such exists; that the restoration nev r took
place, and for various causes—the wars growing
out of the French revolution among the rest. She
let the matter drop—totally forgetting it for twenty-
eight long years after. Now, by this mode of
construction of the instrument, we get at the true
sense of each of its parts; and it is a legitimate
mode, and one resorted to by the best usage, for
,, .. , . ,, the purpose of strengthening such construction, to
meeting successfully the combined assaults of |j refer to the contemporaneous views that were held
j whole world. Tho white male population of [j of it. In the debates in the British Parliament we
_   tho United Stales in 1830, was 5,355,133; and in <' find this convention spoken of as unworthy of
theii-oossessmiithe whole of the public lands of I' 1840 it was 7.249,434—an average increase of about j England, and in fact literally sneered at. This is
States: thev had reserved to them- 3.54 per cent, per annum. Supposing the same " - " '
a matter of history; and is It to be supposed that
