600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representative* j
of the United States oj Jlmerwa in Congress assembled, That j
tae ouui of one hundred thousand dolTais be, and the same ;
is hereby, appropriated for the purpose ot continuing the [
Cumbeiland road in the State 01 Ohio; that the fr-um of one :
hundred and tiftv thousand dolhu-. b , and the same lsheie- j
by, appropriated tor th<- continuation 01' said road in the ;
State of Indiana; and that the stun of one hundred and fifty I
thousand dollars be, and tlie same hereby, appropriated |
for the continuation of said road m tlie State ot Illinois; j
which seveial sums shad be paid out ot any money 111 the j
tieasurynot otheivvive appropn Ued, and icjuaeed out ot tua i
fund received for l.ivnnj out and making loads under the di-
rection of Cnnjtrp^, by the several acts passed for the ad- J
niHsion of the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois:, and Missouri, j
into the Union on an equal looting with the original States. !j
" Sec. sbulhcxf /uW/WfjicrfaJj Tnat tbemoney>,here- it
by appioimated lot tin- oo'^tiuchon of the said road m the
States of Ohio and JniUana shall be expended, as far as prac-
ticable, in completing said road continuously, to the end that
ihe mushed portions of --aid load niaj be surrendered to tiie
April 3,
Mr. SCHENCK also sent to the table a remon-
strance of a similar kind.
Mr. R. SMITH then addressed the committee
briefly in explanation and in vindication of his
own course of action on this subjcct. He believed
that it was the duty of this Government to make
appropriations in money for the continuation and
completion of the Cumberland road, but he had
little hope now that anything of that kind could
be obtained; for ever since the year 1838 the peo-
ple had been knocking at the doors of Congress,
and had never obtained a dollar. He was in favor
jj of the money appropriation. He would be glad
M if such a bill could pass. He did not believe that
; I it could; but he believed that seven-eighths of his
constituents would rather have an appropriation of
respective Smtes: pmu<lc>, That this ictucftou .Ml not i1 '?nd than ]lfvf at all. It was because of
liiwt'eie with the nece^at.v repaits on the whole hue of ii the repeated idilure in this House to procure ap-
Skiid road in >aid State—.: *dndjrrorided further. That the part fi propriations of money, and because half a loaf
o' said load lo be coveicd with stone snail not eieewl the ,| was beuer t)lan no bread, that he was willing to
width or sixteen teef. ! * i .i 1 i * 1
<• sec. 3. And i-e a fmiher cmxM. That it shall be the il accert Vlc la,nd appropriation. A more solemn
duty ot' tlie Seciettuy nf War forthwith to cau^e the woik ,! compact than that made between these States and
herein piovisled for to be spwifiod, and immciliatelj theic- 11 the General Government for the completion of this
alf:r to let the Mine in separate divisions uillnu the icpee- || roa(] had „cver been entered into.
tive States (the woik in eueh State to constitute ;t division)
to the lowest substanli.il biddei. taknis bond and seeutify
for the performance of the contract, ha\in<,r previous!) given
due notice of such leuiim.
1 Sec. 4 An4 he it /ui//W cnacied, That tlie money heio-
by appropriated to Iv expended in the State of Illinois, shall
be applied whollv to grading and in idgmg said road."
The bill having been read,
Mr. WICK presuming, he said, that in all prob-
ability 110 bill making1 un appropriation of money 1
for tins object could pays this House, moved, at j
the suggestion of members better acquainted with I
the rules of order than himself, to strike out from j
the bill all after the enacting clause, and insert the \
following; substitute; j
"That there be, and hereby i«. granted to the States of;
Ohio. Indiana. Illinois, and Missouri, for the puipose ot com- j
pk'tmg the Cumbeiland road in the tlneeilist-nanu d Siat< *, |
and to Jefferson city in tlie last-named, the ijuantity ot pub- ;
lie lands heieinafter named,lj in"in said ^tntos icspeetivoh,
and not otherwise appiopnated, to wit: To the State ot
Ohio, three buudn.d and loiiy-four thousand aero : to the
State of Indiana, nine hundred and twent>-onc thousand
six hundred acres; to the State of iUnions, one million three j
hundred and eighty-nine thousand three hundred and feixty il
acres; and to the Statv ot Missouu, one iniliion three bun- I!
dred and thirty-one thousand ojgiit hundred and tlnru-tuo
Mr. WlCKsaid he had held a consultation with
i his colleagues, tinough whose districts the Cum-
; berland road passed, and they had comc to the
; conclusion that the passage of a bill appropriating
| money for tlie continuance of the Cumberland
( road, was doubtful, if not hopeless, and that there
, was a better prospect of passing a bill making a
j grant of land for that purpose; and therefore he
, should offer an amendment to that effect, which he
j hoped would be acceptable to the committee.
! He briefly advocated the appropriation 011 the
ground that the Government had commenced the
same, and thereby taught the people to expect its
continuation and compleuon. This expectation
had grown into a positive anticipation by yearly
appropriations made, and continued for a series of
years, down to J 838. Having thus been taught to
expect appropriations, a failure gave rise to heart-
burnings and dissatisfaction. It was, m point of
fact, a very tioublesome question m Indiana. JNo
man would be elccted unless he would pledge him-
self to support appropriations for the road—the
Legislature had and would continue to adopt roso-
acres; winch &aid lauds hereby Ranted to the said States of 1 [ lutions m favoi of such appropriations. 'I he pco-
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Mi^mni, sliall be scl^-h'd hy ii p]c of Indiana would continue to ask. But if his
SS,? lei j! -->dn,enteo„l,l I, e adopted,«,.«!, he bill- onmend-
poned to the Cotnnn>--nmiii oftfic (.J 'iivi.d Land (Jthcc. 1' *'d be passed into a law , It would put the subject
*• Sec 2 Ami bat fm titer cnacted, '['hat all thelamh in ant- ji forever at rest. For ulihoogh it was true that the
ed by the liu-t j-eetion ot tin^ ,u t Miall lie disposed ot by 01 1 nran|_C(] hy the amendment would be verv in-
uuder the authoutv of the sevei.il ^tatc< re>pecti\cl\, and ; 1 , . 1 . «• .1 1 . J , 1
tlie pioceed*. theieof - hall bo c.\c!u«ueij appbid to tin" com- | n-decjuate^ to the completion of the road, it would
piction of tlie Cumbeiland load m >aid St.tte5 , and fur no ||
other purpoae whatsoeM'i. And whenever tin: 1'iotiduit |!
Khali be notified b\ t.ie Go^ujior^. 01 by t!i'- piop-.-r aiuhon-
t'os of th<' -seveial St nc-, cither ot thenn) ot I hen h ad- 11
lnes-s topiocced to the -eh-ehon of the lands heu'inbctore '■
granted,li(   hall can-o the hnthi'i -ale ot land in said State- :!
to be !>u.-paided until t-aid bunf^ aie j-cltn-ted Pro tided, >
That such su^pen-ion >hall not < ontnme for a longei peuod i:
than tliree moiiths: Provided finthcr, That the State ot
Ohio may select tlie whol.* or any part oi the land? tfiant< d
nevertheless go asjood way towards the same, and
the State, thus aided, could devise means to raise
the deficiency. The lands were of small value,
and would net the (Jovernnicnt but little. The
titate could nurse the lands, pay them out to con-
tractors, or lahoreis on the roau, or hold them till,
by lapse of time, they should become 'valuable.
He said he hoped the committee would see that
to said State from cither of tim States thiousb which the !' a;ood policy recauicd the adoption of his amend
<. „.l .,1 I ,„1 . ,,..1 O.,,.  U^ll l,„, .. . .1,.. !' ° . -1 . > . 1 I • 'l . ,1
said road is laid out aftei --aid States -hall luu a -elected the
land*- granted to them by tin.- a< t.
•' Sw.y. And be U Jurfhrr eiuvtcd, That when the aforesaid j
lands shall have bo-Mi selected, the Cumberland road, with
all materials which may have been pioeured by the Tinted I
States foi the prosecution of the ><une, shall be surrendered ■
to the -aid States lc.^pcctively, and the entire control thoie- ;
of .-hall thereaftei be vested in said State,-; and f aid road shall 1
be completed within eight years trom the passage ot tin- act, ;
and, when completed, sJinit be free from any toils 01 cbaigcs ;
whatever for any property ot the United States, or pei.«ons :
in their scrvice pa-«ui,ir along the i-ame. ]
"Sec 4.  7hW be itjurtlicf enacted. That m c;i^e nthci I
of tb<"> afoic-aid Stat'-4-«liall fail to complete rh-i .'•aid road !
within tlie time -|i"cilied in thi* act, such S'ate co liuhu'z 1
shall forfeit to tlie United States ah tlie iarid< \\ inch may 10- |
mam unsold, and al-o be lu !d<>nto jiav to the United Stat-''« ,
all mo!iej'«! received lor land- ."old. and not expended in
inakuur said mad, as piovided in tin- act.
"Sec. f>. c'i/w be it, further em'ued, That the &t.id land- !
hereby granted to s-aid Stat-:- -hall not lie di-.po-.ed of at n ■
less puce than the minimum juice, for the time b: mg, of.
other pubhe lands belonging to the United states. And if -
any of the land- >elceted under tne piovi^oii- of thin net ,
Fhall be claimed under any of tlie pse-omption law.- «>f the 1
United States at the tune of the r-eheuon tlieieof. the .-aid
States shall be, and lieicby aie, re<nur«'d to extend to -an! i
claimant? all thi; benefits winch they would be entitled to
if the same had not thus been selected. Proi ided, That the
lands selected witf.rn the State of Otno, after odciing Hiem
at public s.de, which sh ill be done within otic \ear affi .
^Ueh selection, mav be at all tmip= liable ro private entiy at '
the same minimum of other public lands belon'inw to "the 1
United States.1' j
Mr. R, SMITfJ sent lo the Clerk's table, to he :
read, a memorial which he had this mornin
ment, and that such as desired to see the measure
successful would vote for it; and he also hoped
! that the House would see the policy of pulling this
! subject forever at, rest, in his friendly interviews
1 with gieat numbeis of his constituents, he had
ttifoimed them that if this e,rant of land were ob- j
tained, it would end appropriations for the Cum-
: berland road m Indiana, Ohio, and Illinois. A.I-
: though the measure of justice was very deficient,
! he yet believed that his constituents, discouraged
' by a failure to obtain money appropriations for the
: hist eight years, would be contented with the land
1 onmt, and foreser after hold their peace. He
! trusted the Hou.se w>uld appreciate this modera-
tion, and not hesitate to make the grant. ||
Mr. FA11AN insisted, 111 a few brief remarks, |i
! that the Government should stand by its original I;
compact with the States—not by the appropriation ;j
i of lands, but by appropriations of money, as they il
had heretofore been mode, for the completion of I;
' this road. If the Government was not bound by
1 such a compact, he would not vote a single dollar
1 nor a solitary acrc, because the construction of the
, road by the General Government could be justified
! on 110 other ground than the compact which she
had made with these States when they came into
; the Union.
! Mr. PKTTIT concurred entirely in the opinion
expressed by the gentleman who had just taken
ceived from citizens of Illinois, remonstrating [j his seat, [Mr. Faran,] that the only ground on
against the land plan of appropriation. i. which th* . enmfvnc.tion of thi«i road hv the Crfncral
which the construction of this road by the General
j Government could be urged, was by virtue of the
t various compacts which had been made with the
j States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, and,atasub-
sequent period, with Missouri; and he, for one,
was here to demand the right of these States to thb
appropriation of so much money as was necessary
to the construction of the road. He did not con-
cur with the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Wick,}
that if the amendment was agreed to, tKe people
would never ask anything more here.
Mr. WICK. It is a matter of perfect under-
standing between myself and my constituents, that
I would take this course, made so upon most occa-
sions when I met them on the stump.
Mr. PETTIT differed with the gentleman and
with his constituents, He would not give the, light-
est feather that the breese ever blew for all the land
that Congress* would give, for it was not according
to the compact. He would enter into no such un-
derstanding as that which the gentleman had indi-
cated ; and he should vote against the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK obtained^he floor, but yielded
for the moment to—
Mr. YELL, who gave notice of the following
amendment:
" Be it further enacted, That the i-aid road shall be con-
tinued from St. L,ouiss, in Missouri, through the States of
Missouri and Arkansas, the nearest and most practicable
route to San Antonio, in the State of Texas •, and for the
completion of ^aid road in the States of Missouri and Arkan-
sas there is hereby granted to each of the States for the pur-
pose aforesaid 540,000 acies of public land, to be selected by
the Governors of the several States afoieaaid, and to be dis-
posed of by the Legislatures theieof for the completion of
said road in said States—that being the quantity of public
land gianted to the State of Ohio over and above the quan-
tity gi anted to the other new States of this Union.
" .find be it f urther enacted, That the sum of $50,000 be,
and the same is liereby. appropriated out of any money in
the treaauiy not otheiwise appropriated to complete the said
Cumberland road in the State of Texas."'
Mr. SCHENCK then took the floor, and spoke
at some length in opposition to the amendment of
Mr. Wick, and in urgent advocacy of the claims
of the road as it was at present established, and as
a national work which the Government was bound
to complete. He desired that an appropriation
should be made, and that it should be made in the
ordinary form of an appropriation of money. Mr.
S. yielded the floor frequently for purposes of ex-
planation and inquiry.
Mr. S., in the course of his remarks, alluding to
the grant of 400,000 acres of land to Alabama for
the Muscle Shoals canal, said that the committee
must have a lively recollection of the controversy
we had witnessed a few days ago on this floor
among the members from that State in regardto
the management of that fund. It had been charged,
by at least one member from that State, that there
had been fraud, and mismanagement, and squan-
dering of that fund; and the member had done this
in the strongest terms, using language, indeed, so
strong that he (Mr. S.) did not think proper to
employ or repeat it. He wanted to take no part
in the dispute between different members of the
delegation from that State. He did not know what
the facts might be. He referred, however, to the
difficulty about that fund, and to the question and
controversy about the disposition of the proceeds
of those lands, as an illustration of the impolicy
of that form of appropriation.
Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN, (Mr. S. yielding
the floor,) said, that on the occasion alluded to, he
had said distinctly, and now repeated, that in the
management of that fund, Alabama had acted not
only faithfully, but wisely; that, so far'from having
disgraced herself, or speculated or peculated in the
transaction, he stated now, as he had stated then,
that by the faithful, wise, prudent, and economical
management of the fund, it had been made to yield
the uttermost farthing, and had been not only faith-
fully, but honestly, wisely, and economically ex-
pended. The lands had been sold for their full
value. The mode adopted for disposing of them
was the best that could have been, with a view of
increasing the fund. Those who at the time be-
lieved that they ought to have been sold at auction,
became convinced that they were in error, and that
the mode adopted—that by valuation—proved to be
the best in view of increasing the fund.
Mr. C. said lie was prepared, with documents on
file, to show that the charges made against Alabama,
and those who managed this fund", were destitute
of any foundation. lie challenged the strictest in-
vestigation. He would do more—he would take
the affimative, and show that in the whole transac-
tion, no shadow of just complaint could be made.
