1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
By documents on file, he could show that no fund
had ever been more faithfully or economically ex-
pended to the perfect satisfaction of this Govern-
ment as well as of Alabama. The work, as far as
it had been done, (and every dollar and more had
been expended,) had cost less than any other work
of the same kind in the Country, and had been as
well done. In addition to the proceeds of the sale
of the land, Alabama had appropriated some forty
thousand dollars;,and by a few patriotic citizens of
that State, including some of the canal commission-
ers, as he (Mr. C.) had been informed, had advanced
out of their own private funds a considerable sum
m addition, towards the work, that has never been
refunded.
Mr. SCHENCK then concluded his remarks.
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH followed. He urged
the strong claims that the people of the West had
upon the Government—not only by virtue of the
compact, but upon the abstract merits of the work
itself without reference to that compact. He hoped
that Congress would now settle the question finally
-—that it would either resume the work or abandon
it forever.
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES (Mr. Smith yield-
ing) said he desired to know whether he was to
understand the gentleman, as a western man, to
say that if the question was now decidcd in the
affirmative or the negative, it would never be taken
up again ?
Mr. SMITH. It is not in my power to make
pledges as to what the action of a-subsequent Con-
gress may be. For my own part, I am confident
that the people interested in the road will never be
satisfied until at least partial, if not full, justice be
done in relation to this matter.
Mr. HOLMES. If the gentleman is here at the
next session of Congress, and this question should
now be decided one way or another, will he say
that he will trouble himself no further about it ?
Mr. SMITH. I will not make any premature
committals. I wish to leave myself perfect liberty
of action so long as I remain here.
Mr. OWEN took the floor, but yielded for a
moment to—
Mr. G. W. JONES, between whom and Mr.
C. B. SMITH and Mr. BOYD, some conversa-
tion passed.
Mr. OWEN further yielded, to enable
Mr. G. DAVIS to give notice of the following
amendment:
" And whereas certain States received 500,000
acres of land, under and by virtue of an act entitled
'An act to appropriate the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands, and to grant pre-emption rights,' up-
proved September 14th, 1841: Beit further enaclal,
That each and every State of the United Stales,
other than those to which the said 500,000 acres of
land were appropriated by the act aforesaid, shall
be entitled, and there is hereby appropriated to each
of them, 500,000 acres of land, and each of' such
States may select that quantity out of any of the
unappropriated public lands, m quantities of not
less that 160 acres: Provided, That the lands which
every State may select under this act, ahull be sur-
veyed and sold by the authority and officers of the
United States Government, as other public lands;
and as the money may be received, it shall be paid
overto theStates whose lands may have been sold."
Mr. OWEN said: I propose to detain the com-
mittee but a few minutes by any remarks of mine.
I shall vote for the substitute offered by my col-
league, [Mr. Wick]—the substitute proposing an
appropriation of lands, and cutting of! the Cum-
berland road forever from Federal legislation. I
shall vote for it, not for the reasons suggested by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] as those
which, he supposed, guided the friends of that
amendment; not because I will take it as the best
I can get; not that I put up with it as thinking that
half a loaf is better than no bread; but because I
prefer it. .
I shall vote for it, because I desire to see the
question of this road, so far as the action of Con-
gress is concerned, settled now, at once, and foi-
ever. I desire never to hear tile words " Cumber-
land road" pronounced in this Hall again. As a
western man I desire this. I believe there is not a
question, of no greater magnitude, that has done
us, in the West, more harm than this. It misleads
our politicians. It tempts them into latitudinarian
views on the subject of internal improvement. In j.
one sense we can hardly be said to be free agents j
in the matter. A public expectation has grown h
up, created, very naturally, if not very justly, by j
our past legislation; a public expectation in regard
to the completion of this road, which causes our !
Legislature of Indiana to pass, year after year, j
resolutions unanimously, instructing our Senators,
and requesting our Representatives, to vote for ap-
propriations on this road. To a feeling so general, !
we must needs, in a measure, defer. I see no end i
to these expectations, nor to the yearly excitements j
to which they will necessarily give rise on this floor, j
I see not how the Gordian knot can be untied; I
therefore I prefer to cut it.
Sir, I do not share the constitutional scruples of \
some among the strictest constructionists of the
House. I sec not that wc arc forbidden to im-
prove and adorn the grounds around this Capitol, or
to purchase a library of Congress, though neither
object be expressly specified m the Constitution. 1
see no constitutional objection to building such
magnificent pillars as those which surround our
chambcr, unnecessary as they are, and sorry as 1
am to see them here where they injure instead of j
benefiting. But 1 do see great and growing evils, ,
1 see yeaily incieasing dangers, in that principle,
which would ingraft on our Federal legislation a !
mammoth system of internal improvements. Iam .
opposed to it, on every principle nf expediency. ;
It is bad enough, that States should engage in such. !
1 speak of that which I have had occasion to know. j
I have passed through the period of internal im- !
provements in our State; and I may add, have
clone what I could to aid in arresting her in her j
headlong couisc. Yet, as a general lulo, a State
can better and more safely conduct internal im-
provements than the General Government; a coun-
ty better than a State; ami better vet individuals
than a county. The further the executive power '
is removed from the business to be dune, the more. !
chancc of wasteful expenditure and of corrupting '
patronage. It is unwise to extend beyond simple !
and necessary limits Lhe sphere, of federal le^isla- i
turn; and of all such extensions, this of internal
improvements is one of the most insidious; one the j
most necessary to be guaidcd and contiollcd.
I tun soiry this matter of the Cumberland road
stands as it doe^; but, so standing, i think we shall ;
never be able to teinunate it on belter terms ihmi
to grant these lands,ami have done with it. Nom- |.
inally the. lands may be called worth a dollar and
a quarter an acre. They will not fetch it. Indeed,
there have been repeated proposals to reduce the
price of public lands in old districts like these, to
half or even n fourth of their present value.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Seaborm
Jones] asks wluit security there is, that, if this bill
pass, no further appropriation for the road will
hereafter bo asked. Undoubtedly we are unable
to pledge or control our successors. For ourselves
we may promise, for them wc cannot. But there
is abundant security in the nature of the case. If,
already, the Cumb'eiland road can hardly get the
vote necessary to bring it up, or to pass the small-
est appiopiunion, what chance, what possibility is
there, that, loaded down with (his bill, and the
virtual pledge embraced in and accompanying it, !i
it should ever again see lhe light here? All who !i
remember the last night of it former session can I'
j estimate the violence of the feeling that already op- i;
poses it. Increased by tins bill it will overwhelm ;
at once any attempt, if such should ever bo made, !■
to revive a dispute confessedly compromised and |
settled.
It is not fur rat to dictate to my fellow-members
in regard to their couse in voting; but I may be
allowed to express a hope that gentlemen will vote j'
in good fault on the amendment If'any one pre- ,
fers the substitute, (in ease any hill passes,) then I i
trust he, will vote to insert it instead of the original \
bill. If, afterwards, he prefers that no bill at all ;i
should pass, then he can vote against the passage
of the bill as amended. j,
I repeat, sir, my hope, that the substitute may
be adopted, so that we may get rid t'ore\erof what ,
my colleague [Mr. Cai.lb 15. Smith) has well
called a vexed question. I
Mr. F1CKX1N said: Mr. Chairman, I am re- u
joiced that we have at length, after many an unsuc- 1
cossful struggle, succeeded in bringing up for con-
sideration the bill making an appropriation of
money for the continuation of the Cumberland jj
road. This is the first time, since 1 have had the j!
honor of a seat on this floor, that we have been ij
able to have it considered on its own merits as a i'i
substantive proposition. Last session an appro- I;
I priation for the Cumberland road was placed in
i the harbor and river bill, but it did not receive the
, sanction of the Executive.
| Here I may be permitted to say that I voted
: against the harbor and river bill of last session, for
j the reason that I thought we could not, sanction
j that bill without adopting the principle involved
i and embraced in the general system of internal im-
i provement, so much denounced by the Democratic
I party, and so justly exploded and repudiated by
the people.
1 If we are to have a system of internal improve-
( mcnt, it is clear that we cannot have a reduction
of the taiiff; for it is necessary to have high taxes
in order to raise money to keep up such a system-
it will not, cannot go on without money; that mo-
ney is a tax upon labor, and must be raised and
collected from the people, either by a tariff or di-
rect taxation.
The Democrats in my district are in favor of a
reduction of the tariff; and however desirable it may
be to have an appropriation for the road, they
1 would not be willing to abandon their principles,
and to fasten upon the country a general system of
internal improvement, involving an expenditure of
; fifty millions of money annually, even to secure
' an appropriation on the Cumberland road.
1 The true friends of the road, as well now as
, heretofore, are and have been in favor of letting
that work stand upon iis own merits—upon the
plighted faith of the Government to complete it;
and they have not been, and are not now, willing
to place it in an omnibus bill of internal improve-
ment. Even should such a bill pass at this ses-
, sion, w ith the road appropriation in it, which I do
not believe, yet it mi^ht be left out the next ses-
sion; we would have no guaranty, no assurance
that it would be continued; if the same amount of
money would at flu: next session secure a greater
number of votes, then the road would be abandon-
ed, and some new work adopted.
The friends of the road, therefore, both on the
score of principle and of policy, are right in ad-
heiin^ to the old landnmiks, which are, to let the
road lest upon its own merits, and to require the
(Joveinment to redeem its faith by its completion.
This is tile true ground, and the one from which
we should not depart.
Two propositions have been presented at this
session of Congress for the benefit of the Cumber-
land road. One is the usual bill appropriating
money for the continuation of the road; and the
other bill provides for granting lands for that ob-
ject to the several States, as follows: To Ohio
344,000, to Indiana 921,600, to Illinois 1,389,360,
to Missouri 1,339,832: in all, 3,986,792 acres of
land; which it is thought would be sufficient to
| complete the road without any additional calls
i upon the General Government.
The bill now under consideration is the one ap-
propriating money, and the land bill will not in
any way conflict with it. We should first test the
strength of the money bill, and pass it, if possible;
and if we cannot pass it, then make a decided ef-
fort for the lands.
My purpose next is, to show that this road forms
no part of, and has never been connected with, any
system of internal improvement at any time estab-
lished in this country; but, on the contrary, that it
is part and parcel of the land system, as established
by this Government over the lands obtained by the
cession of Virginia. By the deed of cession, which
was accepted by Congress on the first of March,
1784, Virginia ceded to the United States, without
receiving any equivalent therefor, a portion of Ohio,
and all of Indiana, Illinois, and Michigan, together
with the territory of Wisconsin. On the 23d of
April, 17^4, a committee of Congress, of which
Thomas .1 efferson was a member, reported the cele-
brated ordinance of that date. On the 20th of May,
178o, Congress adopted another ordinance touch-
ing that subject. And on the 13th of July, 1787,
the committee, of which Sathan Dane was a mem-
ber, reported the well-known and highly-valued or-
dinance of that date;—which said several oidinau-
ces formed the basis of the survey and sales of the
land ceded to the General Government by Virginia;
pi ovules against the taxation of those lands by the
inhabitants; for their survey into sections: estab-
lishing a territorial government; and makes its na v-
is;able rivers free forever to the whole country; and
in short, lays the foundation for all the valuable
institutions—social, political, and religious—which
we now enjoy m so eminent a degree.
