602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
ApMi^
The Constitution of the United States was finally
adopted by the convention that framed it, on the
ATtli day of September, 1787, but not ratified by
tile States for some time afterwards.
Thus it will be seen—and I call attention spe-
cially to the fact—that at the time when the Con-
stitution was adopted, the United States not only
held these lands in these new States through which
the road passes, but that Congress had then passed
the three several ordinances above referred to.
In this connexion we see the importance of the
second clause of the third section and fourth article
of that instrument, which is in these words:
'• The Conjjies's shall hare power to dispose of. and make
all needf.il rule:- and legulalions respecting the teiritoiy 01
other pioprrty belonging to the United States; and nothing
in this Constitution shall be s>o coustiued a-* to piejndico any
claims oi'the United States, 01 of any particular State."
Thus it will be seen that the framers of the Con- ! i
stitution, m adopting this provision, had an eye to '!
the future disposition of the territory belonging to l|
the Government; and with that far-secinc; sagacity jj
winch characterizes the statesmen of that day, they i j
ga\e Congress full power and authority to dispose ji
of, and to regulate, whatever territory the Govei n- [j
meutmi^htowu. It is a substantive .^rantof power, ;
and there was something tangible for the power to
opeiate upon when die grant was made; for we then
owned.as is alxne shown,these very landa through
which the road passes. Hence it follows, that Con-
gress has full and ample authority to dispose of
these lands—if mdeeu they do not belong to the
States in which they lie by virtue of their coming
into and forming part of the confederacy—and to
make ail needful rules and regulations concerning
them.
What was the first object of the Government in
regard to these lands ? It was to sell them m order
to realize money to pay the then national debt;
and, also, to furnish homes for the citizens of the
<<o\eminent; which has always, however, been
too much of a secondary object.
It cannot, 1 think, be successfully controverted,
that Congress has ample power and authority to
do any and every tiling, in iegard to disposing of
the public domain, winch may be deemed proper
and expedient. 'Die power doubtless exists in
Congress to grant it without money and without
puce, to individuals or to States, as has been done
jqxMtedlr. The power ecitamly exists to grant
land fur iho eon^liuciion of roads and canaU, or
in odiei im pi o \ emeu Is through the kinds, as
his oo-ii. hnu, and t\-i the purpose of
eoiuiin-nu; iN pivj'', or of hu'ditat!iin3 inu.iv^ui so
between duffami portion^ of the Union.
The wise mea of tins nation e<'jieei\oil the plan
of opening a '_>teat nulioiuil thoroughfuv iroin
(.''iniij«niand, in the Mate of :vkiryia;i(l, to and
t'sroiuOi the lands !nus owned by the Government,
jiencc, in the admission of the new .States into tne
T;mon, the ioilowing provisions were made:
Tlie Mute of Ohio was ihe first of the family of
f>L3tcis ( which piomiies to become so numcious
and fjo populous) thru knocked at the door of Oon-
fieis for ««dmiss;on into the Union as a sovereign
Si.itc. Ohio v.ms admitted into tin: Union m jyO'2,
with the i-jllowmg stipulation in regaid to apply-
in", a poiuon of the proceeds of the public lands 10
the purposes of constructing roads to the ISuue: i
•k Oae-twentu tli pait of'the n-'t proejeiK oi'the landa lung '
w'nn tiie ^aiJ fc5rat.v, ^oltl Ov Con;,rre--s. if 0111 ,ind ;ilt« i the !
r.o:,fiet;i d.tv oi'Juiie nevt, alter d"(Mci,i<uc all expeiw* utci-
d vt ti. tin* "am., be appiud to tiie ia\ii><r out and ;
m kiir; palm i ioad>. lo.idinu iron* t;ie watens j
<-u/hi'vr nilo I. e Ai.«n ti<' to tiie Ohio to tin- ";uu rttat'1,
:t !•: liili.iI'^u ill-1 ai k>; *>uea lo-id*- to b. l.ud out imd'.'r the ■
n.u^ >: j l y of Cm lifts v\ Uu th" consent o< tiie ^e\<-i;t!
LhroTvi wbicn ih 1 load bhai! pv-^-'''—L>-<ls of the (Jivctd
b!j.te . ? jL 3. p.
[tidiana was admitted in 1816, with this pro-
vision on that subjfct:
'••FiV2 pei ot'tue net proceeds of the 1 ind-, hmy
vuthm 111.' &<ud Teiritory, and winch-lull be sold by (jon-
grearf ii'jui .md after the iu.-t da\ of iJoeembei nevt, al'tei
u'j'.'ueun^ all c\p 'nse- incident to the tame, ?lian !v r^eiwd
for nvakn^ pui iic loads, and eanal^ot' w] ieh t'nrc-1 fi'th*
fhnil be applied to tho<-> objects witimi the Htate. nnd'.-i the
direction oi' the Lem-latme therrof, aiid two-nftt'S to the
making of a ro.vd oi io<vh leadnic t-i tiu said St it.:, umiyi the
direction of Congress."-—Lausof U. S., vol. 6.^. CM.
Illinois was admitted in ldl8, with tliis provision
on the subject:
"•Five per cvnt. of the net proceeds of tli:j 1-iuds lvin^
witlun iUch State, and which shall bp sold liom
and after tli- lixst day of January, 1819, after d. ductnig all
expenses incident to the same, shall be leseived for the pur-
poses following, viz: two-ftftha to be disbursed, undei the
ctneetioii of Congress, ia making roads leading to the State,
the residue to be appropnatcd, by the Legislature of the
State, tor tlie eiicouid-gemeiit of iearning, of which one-sixth
part tMiail be eAelu^n ely bestowed on a college or univer-
sity.51—Lutis of the United State6, vol. 6, p. 297.
And Missouri, in 1820, with the following pro-
vision:
"Five per cent, of the net proceeds of the sale of lands
Ijing within the said Teuitory or State, and which &hall be
sold by Congress, from and afl. r tiu; fiist day of January
next, after deducting all expanses incident to the same, shall
be received tor maKm^ public roads and canals, of which
three-fifth* shall be applied to those objects within the State,
under the direction of the Legislature thereof; and the othei
two-fifths in decaying, undor the direction of Congress, the
expen&es to be incurn.d hi making of a road oi roads, canal
or canals, lending to the said State."—Lawn of the Utuled
State-,, vol. 6, p. 458.
You will perceive, sir, from the foregoing; ex*
tracts, that Congress had covenanted with the new
States to make advances for roads; and they stipu-
lated, in consideration therefor, not to tax the lands
of the General Government for five years alter they
were sold, or had passed into other hands. This
fund had accumulated from 1802 to 1806; at which
time the iirst law was enacted on the subject of the
Cumbeiiand road during the Administration of Mr.
Jefferson, and reeei\ed his approval. This road
continued to receive appropriations from time to
time, for a period of moie than thirty years. It
has received the approving sanction of six Presi-
dents of this nation, with the father of Democra-
cy ^Thomas Jefferson) at their head; it has re-
ceived the aid and support of the distinguished
statesmen of Virginia and of Houth Carolina, and
the whole school of strict constructionists, with the
brightest star of the South (Mr. Calhoun) at their
head.
The great (not to say the paramount) object of
the General Government was, to bring her lands
into market. To effect this, the faith of the nation
was pledged for the completion of this road, and
tins was the inducement held out by the Govern-
ment to cause poisons to purchase the public lands.
The lure was succcvsfful. Thousands of acres of
land have been purchased, which would for a cen-
tury to come have remained unsold, but for the
trust reposed hy individuals in the fidelity of the
Government. That wiul and ever-living princi-
ple, good faiih, and pure and unsullied honor, so
lmpoitant to all Governments, and doubly so to
one republican m Ks character, is to be wantonly j
and wiliuily sacrificed m the abandonment of this
great worlv to its fate. '• Can such things be, and
u\i iconic us, like a sumnier,s cloud, without our
special wonder r" ISo, sir; if this act is done, it
wili leave a cloud upon our national faith, long to
be remembert-d.
There is i-.tiil another view, which demonstrates,
in a more sinking mariner, the crying injustice of j
this proposed abandonment. The lirst one hun- '
tired and ilnriy-two m ilea of this road, commencing
at Cumbeiiand, and running west through the oid
States of Maryland, J/ennsylvama, and a few miles
in Virginia, cost this Government ^2,b03,034.
The Stales of Maiyhmd and Pennsylvania (ui-
msh no fund whatever, either from the sale of
lands, or otherwise, ior this object; and yet they
have the road completed wit inn their limits; whilst
the States of Ohio* Indiana, and Ilhnois, though
furnishing fund:;, are left with the road incomplete j
\v ithin their borders. We then nave this spectacle !
presented: a road national in its character is pro-
jected, to connect the East with the West—to re-
mo\e mounuun barneis—to pass through three
oid, and three new Wtatcs. It is finished in the
old States, at a cost of more than £21,000 per
mile; and while progressing in the new Stales,
not half completed, it is of a sudden abandoned,
and left to become a perfect, wreck—a monument
of the folly and bad faith, of this Government.
Do not all the laws and ordinances of this Gov-
1 eminent touching tins subject for the last thiuy
| yeai>, induce the belief that the road was to be
1 constiucted to the Mississippi river.-1 If this is not
1 done, are not we of the new States tricked and
cheated of oui rights1 May we not, in the lan-
1 guage of Macbeth, who, too, was duped by fair
promises, exclaim:
And be the1-.- jmtghng fn'nds no move believed
Tnat Kilceis n uh u j m a double sense;
; That kefp tin' woul of promise to the ear
And bitMk it to the hope."
I hold, therefore, that the Government is bound
■ in good faith to complete this road, and that Con-
■ gress has ample power to appropriate every dollar
| accruing from the sale of lands towards making
■ improvements in the States in which the lands lie.
The money collected from the sales of land does
not stand in the relation, and should tiot be'regard-
ed in the same light, as money collected by tarn-,
tion. Taxes are taken from the pockets of the
people by legal exactions, and can only be collect-
ed legitimately for the support of the Go vernraefltJ
The taxing power is a necessary evil, a burden
upon the people, one which they nave to bear for
the purpose of sustaining their Government; tod;
you cannot tax A for the purpose of raising a
bounty to bestow on B. The public lands and the
land fund, however, occupy another and a very
different position. The' land, so far as this road
has for the present been constructed, was Ceded to
us by Virginia; it cost us nothing, so far as the
grant is concerned; the money accruing from it
therefore is not collected by a tariff or by direct
taxation, but results from the .voluntary act of
those wishing to purchase it. The principle, there-
; fore, that you cannot tax- A against his will for the
i benefit of B, has no application to this fund, and
| the same authority in the Constitution which gives
1 Congress the unlimited control over the land itself,
necessarily includes the power of disposing of the
proceeds thereof. The land fund should have
been kept separate and distinct from the tax fund;
or the money arising from the tariff; "they are dif-
ferent and distinct, and should never have been
mixed the one with the other. The true reason for
mingling them together may be found in the weak-
ness of the new States at the time, in their infan-
tine and helpless condition. Had that fund ac-
crued from lands lying in the strong and populous
old States, it would have been kept distinct, and
known as the land fund; and it would in all prob-
ability have been appropiiated within the limits
of those States from which it was collected.
Holding, then, the settled opinion that Congress
has ample power to dispose of whatever title the
Government may have in the public domain, I
would invite the attention of the members from
older portions of the Union to the fact that, after
the next census, the star of empire will be found
in the "West; the sceptre of political power will
have departed, not from Judah, but from the old
to the new States. Let this admonition commend
itself to the sober senses of those members from
the old States who ore dividing out for the last
time the money appropriations of this Govern-
ment. The old States have been voracious and
unfaithful stewards, and have divided the publie
treasures amongst themselves. It can scarcely be
expected that when power changes hands, those
who have been so deeply and vitally wronged will
fail to exercise it.
After the census of 1850, the new States wi|l
claim the public domain lying within their limits,
and they will have the force to make that claim re-
spected. Tho.se who come after us under the
next census will but follow the dictates of right
and justice by placing the new States on the same
footing with tiif old, by securing to them the pub-
lic domain within their limits. Until that is done,
our policy should be to grant lands to the States to
aid in their improvements, and to grant to each
actual settler, who is unable to purchase a home,
eighty acres of land, if he will cultivate it for the
term of five years. .
To show the rapid growth of the new States, I
quote from the speech of Mr. Calhoun, made in
the Senate on the J5th of January,: 1839:
" I shall begin with premising that I am under strong con-
viction, both from observation and reflection, tliat we have
arrived at the period when an entire revolution of our land
system, as far as it is applicable to those States, is unavoid-
able. They have, in fact, outgrown the system. Since its
fir,t adoption they have eome into existence, have passed
thiough a state of infancy, and have now arrived at man-
hood. The system which was wise and just at first, is
neither wise nor just applied to them in their changed con-
dition.
" We have heard much, Mr. President, in the present dis-
eus' ion, about the growth of the new States; but, as I may
I judge from tiie various measiues proposed on the present
I occasion, we have neither realized its rapidity, nor the una-
I voidable changes in our land system which must follow in
I its tiam. Their wondeiful growth is, indeed, one of those
realities almost beyond the grasp of imagination. When 1
| go back twenty-seven years, to the period when I first became
a member of the other House, and compare what the new
States then were, to what they now are, I am lost in wonder
I and amazement. Then growth is without example. There
. is nothing like it m bi-toiy. At that time there was but a
i single new State. (Ohio.) I exclude Kentucky, Tennessee,
i and Maine, alt 01 which have been admitted since the. adop-
j tion ot tne Constitution, and limit my remarks to those
I which have since spuing up on the public domain.
•• Ohio had then but one Bepiesentative 111 thelotlier House,
Jeremiah Morrow, an honest and sensible man, who was at
