'ffe
604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
The resolution, submitted several days since,
authorizing the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate to
continue James G. Scliott as a messenger, &c.,
was considered and agreed to.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the adverse report of the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims upon the petition of John Brooks;
which was concurred in.
REPORT OF COMMISSIONER OF PATENTS.
Mr. ATHEIITON moved that the prior orders
be postponed, and that the-Senate proceed to the
consideration of the report of the Committee on
Printing, in relation to printing an extra number
of tiie report of the Commissioner of Patents;
which motion was agreed to.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the said leport; when
Mr. ASHLEY submitted a few remarks in favor
of printing even a greater number of the docu-
ment in question than proposed by the Committee
011 Printing; also showing that the supposition
that the national gallery of" hugs and Fejee wigs''
was a part of the Patent Office, or an appendage
thereto, was a mistake; that the Patent Otiice was
distinct in itself, and contributed to the general ;
treasury some $11,000 oi *>12,01)0 per annum, after '
paying the saluies of oflicers, &c., and an appro- 1
pualion of $300, made m accordance with an act ]
of Congress, f.>r the collection and purchase of j
agricultural statistics and specimens. Mr. A. con- j
sidered it due to the agricultural community, that J
the valuable information contained in the Report of 1
the Commissioner should be widely diffused. j
Mr. A. having concluded, j
Mr. CALHOUN moved that the Senate proceed j
to the consideration of the special order; which mo- j
lion was agreed to.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the joint resolution of
the Senator from Ohio, as amended by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, proposing to give no-
tice to the British Government of the intention of
the United States Government to abrogate the con-
vention for the joint occupancy of the Oregon ter-
ritory, the resolutions of Messrs. Hannegan, Cal-
houn', Critte.vden, and Colquitt, and the joint
resolution of the House of Representatives on the
same subject.
Mr. AleUUFFIE said that, before he proceeded
to the subject of the proposed notice to Great Brit-
ain, he feit it his duty, under the peculiar eircum-
stuaccs m which he was placed, to do that which,
under ordinary circumsunces, he should not be
disposed to do—eater on a thorough and dispas-
sionate investigation of the respective titles ot the
United States and Great Britain to the Oregon ter-
ritory; and, in doing &o, to state from ins conscience
what he believed to be the truth, the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth.
The Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Ashley,] in
h's speech delivered here yesterday, seemed (said
Mr. McD.) to consider the discussion here of the
title of the United States, so far as respected what
a man might believe to be an illegitimate claim on
our part, to be improper; and yet that Senator
himself, as well as various others on the same side,
has gone fully into the question of title, and press-
ed lt'lo the extreme limit. Now, in the existing
ptate of the negotiation, and from the course pui-
sued by the President of the United States m sub-
mitting to Congress the diplomatic correspondence
of the Ministers of England and the United States,
this has become a popular question. It is vain to
disguise it; and I fear that there is more to apprehend
from difficulties presented by ourselves than from
those which proceed from Great Britain. U is my
sincere belief that the public mind is laboring; under
a great delusion respecting the title of the United
Statf-s; and the pievciilin^ assumption that oui peo-
ple aie unanimously m favor of claiming the whole
Territory up to 54° 40' is founded entirely on the
fact that the discussion here and elsewhere bus
been confined, with a very few exceptions, to those
who maintain our title to that extent. No Sena-
tor on this side of the chamber has yet, I believe,
uttered one word in opposition to the doctrine that
the whole of Oregon is ours up to 54° 40'. it is
true that there has been a willingness indicated by
some gentlemen to agree to a compromise of the
parallel of 49°; yet it seems to be supposed that,
although we may justly go as far as that, it i® not
exactly patriotic to deny that we have a title of
greater or less validity to the country beyond that
line. I am clearly of opinion that we should com-
promise this difficulty on the boundary of 49°. I
entirely concur with the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,] that such is the
increasing public opinion in both countries, and
that it never can be settled on any other basis. I
think it is very desirable that the public mind
should as speedily as possible be made up to that
result.
Now, while I attempt to show that the practical
view of the subject will bring us to this conclusion,
a close but candid examination of the question of
title will bring us to the conviction that this is the
only proper point.
The Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Ashley] dwelt
largely, as the Secretary of State had done before
him, on the Nootka Sound convention; but I must
confess that I have never been able to see, either
m respect to Great Britain or the United States,
how so much importance has been attributed to
that treaty. I agree with those gentlemen who
hold that the war of 1796 between England and
Spam terminated that convention, so far as any
rights of Great Britain are supposed to have been
derived from it. It is perfectly clear that the con-
ventional lights of trading, fishing, &c., secured in
that instrument—rights totally unknown to the
law of nations—were terminated by the subsequent
war in 1796. But there were rights paramount to
that convention; rights on which the convention
was founded; rights which always had been claim-
ed by Great Britain, which had been recognised
by the whole world, and which belonged, in com-
vmon, to all nations; rights which existed before
the convention, and which exist now. Senators
here have assumed that the convention of Nootka
conferred rights on Great Biitain which she did
not possess before, and that she so understood and
received that treaty; but my own opinion is, that
the sentiment respecting it expressed by Mr. Fox
in the British Parliament is the true view of its in-
tent and actual operation. Great Britain intention-
ally limited her rights to such as she had enjoyed
before the convention—to such as she always (and
rightfully) had claimed; for she always had the
same rights of trade and of settlement in the coun-
try as Spain had.
If I do not show, by the law of nations, that
Great Biitam, and France, and Russia, and the
United States, all had the same right to settle at
Nootka as Spain had, I will agree to abandon the
question.
I have observed with regret that almost all the
gentlemen who have participated in this discussion
seem to have relied tor authority upon their own
assertion: even when they might have readily ap-
pealed to the law of nations in support of the posi-
tions they assumed, they have riot done so. I
have taken the trouble of bringing to the Senate a
few books in which that law is stated, and which
I consider as entirely conclusivc on the question
m dispute.
"What J assert, and that which Great Britain has
always maintained, is, that mere disco very conveys
no title, unless accompanied or followed within a
reasonable tunc by settlement. And I appeal to
my friends on this side of the chamber, one and all,
as a duty they owe to truth, to state, if they can,
a single accredited wntei on international law who
lays down the doctrine that discovery, without set-
tlement or possession, gives any title at all. Allow
me to cite only one extract, from an author of un-
questionable reputation, and universally referred
to as authority. I quote from Vattel:
u All mankind h?n'c an equal light to things that have not
jot rali'Mi into the potation 01' any one ; and tho e things i
in the. juTfeon who li:-t takes po >e->sion of them. j
Wh-ii. thoivioi", a nation finds a counuv uninhabited, and .
wif'iouf an oww;r, 11 may law full j take po&se^ion of it; and, j
alt«'i it has MtrivK'iitly made known its will m thi-> respect, )
i' rannul b<; d'-pnved <>f it bj another nation. Thus, navi- t
ga*oi> going on \ ujasres. o( di-scoveiy, furnished with a com- j
mi-ion hom tiien >overeign, and meeting with islands or !
otlK'i land* in a clo^ert -tato, have taken possesion of them j
in th«-  name of ih^ir nation ; and this title has been usually j
ie>p'jcted, pro\jded it wad soon after followed by a real po*- j
M-MOIl. i
•• But it i- qnc.-tium-d whe thei a nation can, by the bare j
:u-t of nkmg [VK-f- MOii. appropriate to itself countries winch
, it doea not ie;U!y occupy, and thus engross a much greater 1
extent oi tenitorv than it, is able to people oi cultivate. It
, id not difficult t<> determine that buch a pietension would bo 1
1 an absolute infringement of the natural rights of men, and
: lepnsrnant to the views ot nature, which, having destined
j the whole earth to supply ihe uants of mankind in general,
gives no naUon a right to appropriate to itself a countrj, ex-
cept for the purpose of making use of it, and notCfhinderihe
others from deriving advantage from it. The law of nation!
will, therefore, not acknowledge the property and- sover-
eignty of a nation over any uninhabited countries, exoebt
those of which it has really taken actual possession, in which •
it has formed settlements, or of which it makes actual use
In effect, when navigators have met with desert coun-
tries m which those of other nations had, m their transput
visits, erected some monument to show their having taken
possession of them, they have paid as little regard to that
empty ceremony as to the regulation of the ropes, who di-
vided a great part of the world between the crowns of Cas-
tile and Portugal."
The Senate will see that this writer sets down as
mere empty ceremonies everything on which many
of our public men, and even our Secretary of State,
have put the claim of Spain, and, through Spain,
the title of the United States in Oregon.
Spain, at a very early stage of the investigation
of this continent, and very far south on the coast,
did make discoveries and setup on the coast crosses
and monuments; and to these th.ey appeal in order
to establish the Spanish title in the face of such an
authority as I have produced, which pronounces
all such claims mere idle pretensions.
There is one great historical fact in relation to
the whole territory of Oregon. Several gentlemen
here, the Senator from New York especially, [Mr.
Dix,] went into an interesting detail of the early
discoveries of the Spanish navigators; but it is «
remarkable fact that, although the narrative of the
Senator was brought down from the very earliest
ages of discovery, yet he was not able to point us
to one discovery on this part of the coast before the
year 1774 by Perez, and that by Heceta in the sub-
sequent years, 1775 and 1776, which gave the Span-
ish claim the only semblance of right. Previous to
that, Spain had not the semblance of a right on this
coast higher than California.
But this is a question of such grave importance,
and it is of such vast consequence, that the people
of the United States should rightly understand it,
inasmuch as in the issue they will to some extent
have to decide upon it, that I shall not rest this
upon my own assertion. I have before me a full
collection of all the discoveries of Spain upon the
northwest coast, compiled, by Mr. Greenhow, a
gentleman in the office of the Secretary of State,
under the orders of a former Secretary. Here we
have it broadly and unequivocally stated, that from
the first discovery of Nootka and its settlement in
1789, no civilized nation made.any settlement upon
that coast from the Bay of San Francisco up to
Nootka; but that the whole country lay open and
unsettled. This is a point of great importance, and,
as it is stated by a writer by no means unfavorable
to the American claims in Oregon, I will take the
liberty of reading an extract. [Mr. McD. here
quoted from Green how's book.]
1 have heard it declared by Senators who have
manifested great zeal in maintaining our rights to
the whole territory, and who spoke doubtless from
a conscientious conviction of the supposed correct-
ness of their position, that the Spanish discoveries
were valuable from their antiquity: and the Senate
has been reminded that they were made three cen-
turies ago. I have always understood'that ancient
possession consecrates title; but how ancient dis-
covery merely should create a title to territory, I
acknowledge myself totally incapable to compre-
hend. I should be glad if any Senator would in-
form me what such a doctrine rests upon. It is
vain to disguise the fact that this Spanish title from
discovery is one of the most visionary figments
that ever were brought forward by intelligent men
on a great national question. I conscientiously be-
lieve that if Spain were at this hour as much in
possession of Oregon as ever she has been, her title
to it would not be worth anything.
In 1592, it is claimed that De Fuca discovered
the straits which now bear his name. But there is
no truth in the story. It is notorious that Fuca's
account was not published till thirty years after,
and that it is universally discredited by the Spanish
writers. There is no evidence, in the archives of
either Spain or Mexico, that such a voyage was
ever made, or even that such a man as De Fuca
ever existed; yet we are to receive as authentic the
narrative of a man who said to a certain British
captain that thirty years before he had made a voy-
age into the Pacific ocean and returned, and whose
account even of this was not published in England
till twenty years more had elapsed. It has been
: well said that it is impossible De Fuca could have
' believed (as he said he did) that he had sailed
' across the entire continent and come out into the
