1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
Atlantic ocean. Nobody, in all the previous diplo-
matic discussions respecting claims on the north-
west coast, has ever adduced Dc Fuca's narrative
as furnishing any ground to be relied upon on cither
side. It has always been put out of the question,
as a mere fable, worth nothing, especially as the
Spanish authorities themselves wholly rejected it.
No; the first discovery by Spain on the northwest
coast was made, as I have said, in 1774.
But our Secretary of State says that the whole
coast was constantly- claimed by Spain as hers fur
three centuries; ana he also says (I do not know
on what authority) that all the nations of Europe
conceded the validity of her claim. If there is any
evidence of this in history, I should be happy to
see it. The Secretary refers to an acknowledgment
of it by the Empress of Russia; but this, when ex-
amined, amounts to nothing. Certain Spanish sub-
jects complained to their Government that their
right had been interfered with by the Russians;
the Empress says, in her reply to the Spanish re-
monstrance, that if it was so, she was very sorry;
but she does not say a word about the Spanish
title, about which she probably knew as little. Yet
this is the only evidence he can find that the title of
Spain was admitted by the nations of Europe. The
antiquity of discoveries, even admitting that they
were made, destroys all claim founded on them
alone.
In 1774 Perez discovered Nootka Sound, but
very superficially. There was no exploration of
the country. In 1775 Heceta touched at the mouth
of the Columbia, or at least visited the little bay
into which it empties, and inferred from what he
saw that there must he a river there, or else that
the Straits of Fuea must be in that place, for they
had never then been discovered. (This voyage
was not published till 180:2.) Four years after Pe-
rez, Captain Cook also discovered Nootka Sound,
and fully explored it; and if mere discovery could
create title, 1 think that the British claim on that
ground is quite as good, if not better, than that of
Spain. Spain, as is well known, kept her discov-
eries secret; and beforo these discoveries of Perez
were made known, Captain Cook, the British nav-
igator, discovered and explored ,Nootka Sound.
That discovery was forthwith given to the world,
and the sound was frequented by the navigators of
the United States, of Snam, and of Russia. It
was not till the Spanish authorities in Mexico
were informed that the Russians were making set-
tlements in that quarter that Martinet was sc m to
prevent them.
In 1799, one Menren, an English lieutenant,
made a settlement at Nnotkn; and, according to
his own account, purchased a tract of land there,
and erected certain buildings upon it. On that
fact, however, there is some controversy. It is
quite immaterial whether what he built was a cot-
tage or a palace; but, what is material, is that
which was afterwards done about the matter by
the Spanish and British Governments. JV!cares
presented a memorial to the King of England, m
which he alleged that his ships luul been captured
and his settlement seized upon by the Spaniards. !
The British Government thereupon look immcdi- j
ate steps to avenge the injury and to restore the ;
rights of her subjects. And here I shall call the .
attention of the Senate to the grounds on which j
Great Britain acted in this affair. She not merely !
claimed indemnity for the injury done* and dam- I
ages in money for the ships and pioperty taken, j
but she claimed further and mainly that Spam ;
should renounce her false and ridiculous ekum to j
exclusive dominion on that coast. She claimed !
then, as she has claimed since, that the country -
was open to settlement by all, and that Spam had j
no rights there over the other nations of the world, :
because she had never made any permanent settle-
ments. j
I have been greatly surprised at the umveisaM
assumption made by gentlemen on this* side of J
the chamber, who go" for the latitude of 54° 40', ,
that the convention of Nootka was understood I
and intended to confer rights on Great Britain ;
which she never had before; and that, as that con-
vention was terminated by the subsequent war be-
tween the two countries in 1796, that war put an
end to all the rights of Great Britain on that coast.
I hold the precisely opposite opinion. Great Brit-
ain contended that Spain had no rights on that
coast, except such as siie could derive under the
law of nations from her discoveries, and she has
always been very scrupulous to maintain the right
of all nations to make settlements in that quarter
of the world. In her convention with this Gov-
ernment, in 1818, a clause was inseited reserving
the rights of all other nations in Oregon, and not
of Spain only, and she lias always contended for
the same doctrine. She has always denied that
Spain obtained title to the country from mere
discovery, but that her own rights there were in
all respects equal to the rights of Spain; and,
therefore, the Nootka convention rather restricted
the rights of England than extended them. Eng-
land never had any other object on that coast
but the prosecution of the fur trade, and 1 still be-
lieve that when the furs are exhausted and that
trade is over, she will, if let alone, abandon the
country, though she may be induced, by our re-
sistance, to hold on to it.
it has been said in the course of this debate, that
Oregon is distant from the coasts of Great Britain
not less than fifteen or twenty thousand miles; a
country so remote it is hardly conceivable that she
would desiic io occupy for the purpose of coloni-
zation. From the geographical position of Oregon,
it will be seen that m no pari of it which Great
: Britain claims, can a State by possibility be crect-
| cd deriving its support from the mother country.
So far trom conceiving, as my friend before me
seems to do, that Spam possessed the right of sov-
ereignty on all that coast, and that her right was
only suspended by the treaty of iSootka, I beg
leave to call the attention of the Senate to one or
two remaiks made m the of Commons du-
ring the debute respecting that Convention. All*.
Pox, who was then at the head of the Opposition
m Parliament, and against the .Minister, neverthe-
less sustained the address to the King, and put
himself on the ground that England should not
merely demand indemnification for the property
taken, but that Spam should renounce the absurd
title which she claimed to hold undera bull of Pope
Alexander VI. The fact is undoubtedly true, that
when she sent her nawgutors along the northwest
Coast, it was not that ahe might thereby acquire a
tide, but that she might examine and explore the
country to which she already claimed a title of
three hundred years' standing, founded on a « rant
fiorn the Pope. [Mr. Met), hero read some ex-
tracts from a speech of Mr. Pox, in the Bnush
House of Commons, in support of the views which
he advanced.)
Various other members of Parliament concur-
red with him in this view; and Mr. Pitt himself
declared that British subjects had been seized and
their property taken wlnle in a country to which
they had as clear a right as Spain, and that the
Spanish claim of exclusive sovereignty was wholly
unfounded.
I think I have now showYi that Spam had no
right to this territory from her discoveries, and
that Great Bruam always denied that right from
the moment when it came, m conflict with tier own.
So far from admitting our claim under Spam to be
valid, 1 sinceicly regard it as of no value at all.
In the discussions and conespondence which pre-
ceded the convention of I81S, neither England nor
the United States gave one moment's consideration
to the Spanish title. It will be lemembercd, and
I now assert, that Spain never did make any set-
tlement on this coast higher than the bay of San
Prauusco. Mr. Greenhow says that she did not
do so until 17*9, but 1 contend that, in any just
sense of the term, she never did make any settle-
ment at all; she never indicated any such design.
Let me remind gentlemen that, previous to 17fcS9,
nobody dreamed that it was possible to settle on
that coast; it was an iron-bound coast, without
bay or inlet, or any spot where a vessel could re-
tne for temporary relief from the tempest. At that
1 tune no navigator presumed to approach the shore;
! and there is no evidence at all that Spam ever de-
i signed to scale m the cottony- I have indeed
: heard some gentlemen s. y that the object of Great
j Britain m settling in Oregon was only to trade
j with the Indians, but that the object of Spain was
1 to make agricultural improvements. Where, 1
ask, is the evidence of any such thing? If she
wanted to make agricultural settlements and im-
provements, she had hundreds of thousands of
acres far more valuable and much nearer, south of
that territory; but she never was able to profit by
them, in an agricultural view, and I presume never
will be.
In regard to the settlement at Nootka, it has
been ingeniously urged here by the Senator from
Arkansas, [Mr. Ashley,] and others, fiom one of
the articles of the convention, that the claims of
Great Britain derived from that treaty were con-
fined to the coast north ofNootka, because Nootka
was the most northerly settlement of Spain upon
the coast. But what is a settlement? Settlement,
according to the law of nations, means a body of
people settled in a certain spot, with a view per-
manently to reside there, what was the settle-
ment of Nootka ? Meares, the Englishman, seems
to have had some intention of settling there, for he
went to the place and built houses; and another
captain associated with him says that he intended
permanently to reside there. But what was the
settlement of Spain? It was the sending of one or
two armed vessels to drive out the English, and •
they took military possession of the spot. How
long did they retain it? Up to the period when
their possession was given up to Great Britain un-
der the con\ ention, at which ume it was distinctly
acknowledged that Spam had no title to the terri-
tory. I beg that Senators will read that conven-
tion, and if they can find in it one word which im-
plies any greater rights in Spain than in England
to the sovereignty of the soil, I will agree to sur-
render the question. On the contrary, it is a treaty
between those two nations, which implies on its
very face that, in respect of title, they are on a
perfect equality; that the subjects of neither shall
disturb those of the other Power, and that the right
of sovereignty shall remain in abeyance. Yet it
has been assumed herein debate that the treaty of
iNootka was terminated by the war of 1796, and
that all the rights of England fell with it; because
all those rights were unbodied and recorded in the
letter of that treaty. Hut permit me to say, that
although we may succeed in blinding ourselves, wg
cannot blind our adversaries; although we may
come to conclusions satisfactory to ourselves, we
cannot deceive the world on this point. I will
believe, as gentlemen contend, that the convention
of Nootka was terminated by the war of 1796; but
1 hold that the claims of Groat Britain, instead of
being thereby destroyed, were just that much
stronger. I lie convention, so far as it recognised
the historical and legal fact that that country is
open to settlement by all nations, lias not been
repealed. Phere stands the acknowledgment by
Spam; and the delivery of Fort Vancouver in 1795,
and the abandonment of the country by Spain, is
a clear admission of the principle in the treaty that
the country is thus opened to settlement.
What are the results which follow from the ter-
mination of the convention? It puts both the par-
ties to that instrument back to the position in which
they stood before. In 1796 Spain abandoned the
country and never returned; since then we have
purchased whatever claim she had there. She
ceded to us in 1819 all her rights, claims, and pre-
tensions on the northwest coast. And what do they
amount to? Chums and pretensions are nothing:
what were her rights? She had then abandoned
the country for twenty-five or thirty years: her
abandonment was total, without any apparent in-
tention ever to return; and under this state of facts,
while we were negotiating with England and claim-
ing the country in our own riirht, on our own dis-
covery and settlement, Spain made her treaty with
us, ceding all her rights, claims, and pretensions to
the United States, i regard, therefore, the claim of
the United States under the Spanish treaty as of no
value at all, and if we had not possessed'the li^ht
of discovery by Gray, of exploration by Lewis
and Clarke, and of settlement by Astor, the Uni-
ted States could never have claimed the country at
But I will dwell no longer on this point, but pro-
ceed to take a view of the subject as it regards the
limits of our title. I say nothing about the French
title. Some Senators are of opinion that the French
title to Louisiana extended to the Pacific ocean; it
may be so, but I have never seen the evidence of
it. If it does extend to the ocean, then it fixes our
boundary at 49°. My own opinion, however, is,
that we have no title on that coast save under the
discovery of Captain Gray, and our title on that
ground, if not " clear ancl indisputable," is such
as we can stand on and fight on. 1 am aware,
indeed, that there may be some difficulty in main-
taining it. Some writers on the law of nations
insist that rights of discovery can arise only from
explorations made by officers acting under sover-
eign authority, and it is contended that Captain
Gray, being only a private citizen, and engaged in
