1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
607
and extent of our claims to it. If I am not mis-
taken, we are likely, if we go to war for Oregon,
to exhibit the revolting spectacle of an enlightened
nation fighting for an unprofitable wrong, spending
Mood and treasure for a strip of barren land never
worth fighting about, unless where our honor is
" clearly involved.
I have said that there is no nation that can do
us as much injury by war as Great Britain. I will
now go further, and 1 say that there never were two
nations who-were capable of realizing,'"at present
and prospectively, such advantages fiom peacc.
JNever since the world was formed were there two
nations who would make so great a Rucnlice, hy
going to war, of the rights and interests which the
God of nature had given them. 'What do we see
on the other side of the Atlantic? A new era in
the history of the world. 1 regard the proceeding
of the British Parliament as of greater eonscmienco
than thai country ever witnessed before. .Never
since the foundation of our world lias any public
measure produced so large an increase of national
prosperity and happinews as will flow from ihe
great reform now in progress, should it happily he
consummated. I hope to lutrn, and perhaps by
the next steamer, that the bill of Sir Robert Peel
to abolish the corn-laws has passed the House of
Commons by such a majority will ensure its
passage in the House of Lords. Should that,
measure prevail, Indian com, wheat, all the cereal
grains, cotton, tobacco—no, not tobacco, bccaiuse
ihe duties on it arc so immensely hi^h—all the
great staple* produced in this country wdl be ad-
mitted into the ports of Great Britain. I put it to
my western friends to consider how great a sacri-
fice they will make of the interests and the rights
oi their constituents by involving the country tn a
war that must suspend and may destroy these
advantages forever.
I am not one desirous to dwell on the calamities
of war, in order to deter my country from main-
taining its just rights; but let me say that the great-
est of all errors that can be committed, either by a
general or a statesman, is to underrate his adver-
sary and the disadvantages under which he must
himself labor in a warhccontemplatcs. 1 .should
endeavor beforehand fully to reah/.c what will be
the injury he may sustain, and what the sacrifice
he must make. I should be  hid to hear from the
gentlemen who advocate here our rights up to f>4°
40', whether they believe it possible to adhere to
that parallel and avoid a war. Is there a man in
this Senate who in his own heart believes or ex-
pects such a course from Great Britain that in that
ease we shall avoid war? If we do go to war fur
54° 40', I trust in God we shall have the iimmess
to die by it. If we go into such a war for such a
thing, it must be upon the principle involved; and,
if so, when can we stop? And do gentlemen snp-
gose that this war will be fought on the plains of
regon? No: Great Britain may send her vessels
to the mouth of the Columbia and destroy our
settlements tljere, fand this she can do iu lt>s than
«ix months,) but that will not bo the course of this
war. If we go to war for such a miserable desert
as Oregon, it must be because we are really Ji<;ht-
in«; for other causes which mutually inthunc us;
and it will be the most bloody, calamitous, and
interminable war the woild has ever witnessed.
The war of the Revolution lasted seven years, and
in what event can .gentlemen hope that this war
will be of shorter duration? Shall we be over-
come in less time than that? Are there any advo-
cates of this war who believe that the United States
can be comjucied in less tlinn seven years?
And how' will it bo with England ? When will
she snrieuder? Although gentlemen have made a
large estimate of her suUenngs, still this would be
to her a mere military expedition toengage m a war ,
•at a distance. Her sulienngs, in poiutof commeice, 1
may possibly be as jireat as ours, though her iui- ,
incuse navy will doubtless prove a great protection
in this respect. At all events, the war would be j
one of mutual destruction, destruction of vessels, '
and, beyond all doubt, destruction of cities also. ;
i\one can suppose that England would invade us, j
or doubt that we should invade her possessions, j
The invention of steam and its application to war |
must,have rendeied it comparatively easy for her I
to force her way into our harbors and batter down
our greaL cities. I do not pietend to speak confi-
dently on this point, however, because I am not a j
military man. I should suppose that a steamer j
mi^ht successfully pass any battery that can be !
erectcd. That a hazard like this can be lightly
esteemed by any man 1 can hardly bring myself to
believe. If war shall come, he deceives himself
and his countrymen who believes that it will not
be one of the most fearfully destructive contests
ever witnessed in modern times. If rights and
honor were involved, 1 say, once more, that all
this would form but a secondary consideration.
No nation ought to abandon its clear ami indepen-
dent rights to avoid any danger, how great soever.
But, as i do m my const icuce believe that, so far
t from our honor being in the least endangered by a
| peaceful settlement of th:  qu«>>tion on the only
, line wo havo outlives ever unhealed, I believe
I that the honor of this Government and of ibis
i country, and the obligation* the Government owe*
| to the eoiuitiy, all U' mtuid that it shall be settled
j on that line.
{ And now a few \\ "rds on the question of nonce,
ji and 1 will relieve the Senate. From the views 1
j' have now given they will nut be f-'urpiisccl w hen 1
ii nay that if i thought tin-giv ini; of this notice could
J produce war,! f-hunhi be uga.nsi>t it in eveiy posm-
bio form; and, therefore, 1 shall vote for it m that
lj torm which shall e>.pre-.^ mo^t clearly the dfter-
■ mination of tins St mite to support the President in
adjusting tin: dilm-uky on the only basis in which,
aci ordmg to my judgment, it ever can be amicably
settled. Weuumot speak too strongly. 1 have
heard with je^ret ami surprise sonic gentlemen
who are in favor of such a eonipiomise, say that
they are icady to go lor the noinejji no uucputh-
iiou form. \\ hy will they not lather vote for no-
tice in a modiiird form ?
1 agree tlust the House of Representatives, who
are not the President's constitutional advisers, and
constitute no part of the tr< at y'making povva r, may
have done well in giving the IVeMiient Mich a
power. But we art: lus consiitutional nd\ isers; he
can do nothing in this matter without the consent i
of the Senate. In the tinus of Washington Jtvvas
euNtomary, when treat n\s wen: under coirsideia-
tion, for the President to come into the Senate '
chamber, and deliberate mid consult with the mem- ,
bers,doing nothing without their consent; but thai
was found inconvenient in practice, and on that
ground alone, us 1 undcMaml, it wns abandoned. ■
tj 1, for one, still think it would be heller for him to ;
b come here, that we might consult more freely. I !
j; want, the President to know how tar we are ready i
ji to sustain him. Km one, I hete Nay that if a treaty j
;j should be sent us to*morrow, on the basis offeied j
by Mr. Gallatin,J shotdd go for it without hesita-
j; lion; and 1 wish "to God that every Senator would (
h do the same. With my convictions on the whole ,
; .subject, if 1 were to involve my country irt a war j
j with Uieat Britain for the miserable deference be-
i; tween 4'.)°, with the navigation of the Columbia,
and 41)° without it, I should feci that 1 deserved
j' the eveilastinj; execrations of posterity, and espe-
j eially of my own cluhbeu,
jj Mr. BRKES1C roue and said: The honorable
|| Senator from South Carolina hud set out with de-
ll daring that it was his purpose, in this discussion,
ji to^speak the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but
i| the truth. And that the Senator had done so, uc-
ij cording to his belief, he had no doubt. But the
Senator had fallen mio one great error; and know-
jj ing the influence which it would excit upon the;
j) public, mind, if uncontradicted, if it were to go '
i; forth with the endorsement of the Senator, he felt :
:! constrained tocorieet him upon that, point, so that
!j the correction might go out simultaneously with 1
' his speech. The point to which he alluded was j
I' found n  the authority which the Senator had quo-!
'/■ ted from (JreenhowV book, depreciating the char- !.
| nefcrnnd value of the territory of Oregon. Though
the country were not worth "a rush i Mr. 15. said,
,i his course of action with regard to U would be the ;
same; but it must be manifest to Senators that .
there was tin endeavor to deptormtc the country 1
by exaggerating Us defects and concealing its ad- ;
vantages. To satisfy the Senate that the descrip- :
lion drawn bv Air. Grfenhow was far from being '
' correct, he would slate that the description was i
written many years ago, when the country vv as I
but partially explored and almost sTh-i'ra incognita*
Recent des( nptions, given by Dr. White, Burnet,!
; and others, who had made it their homes, gave it j
i an entirely did'eient chaiacter, so far as applicable
1 to the region aouth of the Columbia river.
1 Mr. B. said he would now present a picture of
I a portion of the country north of die Columbia, as
' found in the second volume of Vancouver's Voy-
ages; which he believed would satisfy the Senate
that the Great Giver of all good had nowhere
spread out a more beautiful or desirable country.
In May. 1792, Vancouver proceeded up the Straits
of Fuca, through Admiralty Inlet, to Fleet's Sound,
spending several weeks m his exploration.
Proceeding from New Dungeness, on the Straits
of Fuca, in the Chatham's cutter and Discovery's
yawl, Vancouver says:
"On landing on the west end of the supposed island,
and a-cOiaiuig its eminence, which was nenily a pcipendfcu-
•j l&r «hu'. our attention vva« immediately called to a laart-
h scape, u'ttKM as enehuntingly beautiful as the most elegantly
finished plea^uie «ioiu <U m Ei rope. Fiom the height we
were ujma, our conjertuies of tla^ kind being an island
: - ntnated before the cnirai.cc of an opening in the mam laud
1 vv fit- < on tinned. Tiie muni of this Wand presented newly
j a honxonr ii surl.ice, nii<'i^|ieiM-d uitli t-omc inequalities of
' siouud. es lueh po^u-eed ,! \ auetv Oil an o.vtes. ivo
j i ivn ( oveu'fl vv uii lu\urt;:ni gia^-, and iliverhitied with an
abundance ol Hovveoi. To il.e noiriivve^tward was a cop-
i [iii i of line tree?, j>mi of \ aiiou^ ?orts, that seem< d
. its if it luui b^eij plained f. i He- -o!e puipo-e oi protecting
fiom the nuitiivve^t minis t'os? d'*,j^i!irui meadow, over
| wSticli wore pioieii-cnou-.) {.'.uttered a few ehnnps oi trees,
l tii.it wutild li,i\f pu/zleo tl-f n.o-t iii^i ni'U'hs <H signer of plea-
! • nre giouuds to have :.nangv.d moie .iuiei ably. Whilst we
j -topj ed to contciupl'.te Uie-e seveial hcnuries of i.atare, irt
a pro.-p 'Ct no ii-s- pl%a-init than une\po.-iod, we ualneied
' -ont« «oo^cb rueH and roses in a Plate of con-iderable for-
j wardiu'ss."
j IVlr. B. said this was the long island at the open-
■ mg into Admiralty Inlet to the northeast, and was
j visited on the 1st day of May, 1792. The party
| then proceeded to Port Discovery, on the west stdc
j fit this inlet, and the scenery is thus described:
| <'The delightful serenit> of the weather grentl) aided the
| beautiful M-enen tiiat v\.k now presented The fiiriaee of
; the -ra was pcrtect'j Mno<-th, and the country before u* ev-
; hibiicd ever, thing that bounteous natuie couid be expected
j to di:u\' into one point of view. <?V.s we had no reason to
, nn.'u"ii«' that tins cuuiUn had ever been indebted lor any of
; it> ilceniatiohs to the hanti of man, 1 could not po&sibly be-
' ii.Meth.it .in) uni'tiiiiY <iied count!} had ever been discovcied
j evlnf ituiii mi ru'h a pjeime
I " liftween us and tins f-nowy range, (Mount Baker being
j in MKht,) tlie land, wineh on the >cash<>rc terminnted like
, that wo had lan-ly pa^ed, in low perpendicular cbfts, or on
j br.iches of ^and oi t-ioue, jo^c heie in a very gentlH ascVnt
! and vv as well coveted u wli a vanet) of Match finest trees.
| These, how f \ it, nid ma coueeat the whole ta-e oi thecotin-
j tr\ in one uniuteu iipted \ulderi.esv, hut ph-a-fui-lv <-loihcd
: Us ujunen-(v, and eln-r|ueie<J tlie vullois, )))e.-Jntiiig, in
uum <lueeiit)iis, i-Uensive spaces tlnitwoie the appearance
oj li.iv.nir be«'n c]e:ii«'ti In ait, hk<«ihc bi .lunftd eland we
had visited the d.n lieloie As vv e parsed along theshoje
lie,u one of these ehainnns vpotv, the ttaeks of <ieor? oi of
some Mich animal, wen: very numerous, and fluttered us
u itb the hope of nor wanting refreshments of that natme
wlnKt we remained in this quaiter. A picture so pleasing
eonl.t not tail to eail to our remembrance certain delightful
and bolovod situationa m old England." °
He thup describes the country about Port Dis-
covery, fn north latitude 48° 7'. The port is de-
scribed as having a great depth of water; and ho
says:
" The country in the neighborhood of this port may gen-
erally be considered of a model ate height, although bounded
on the went mde by mountains coveied with enow to
whirh the land from the ward's edge uses" in a nJeawne
diversity by hilU of gradual accent. The snow on these
iuil.s piobnbl; dissolves the summer advances, for pine
Uvcs were produced on their very Mimimts. On the ^ea-
, slime, ibe land generjJh terminated iu low, pandv ohffi*
j thouyh, in Mime spuees of cotwdeiahie extent, it rah neailv
| level Jiom lughwatei-ma'k. The s-oil, lor the mo t part,
i^ a li'^ht ^andv loam, m si-veral places of verv coiifiderable
j «eptn, and abundantly nnved with decayed vegetabl«s.
j ihe vigor and luxtnianee of Us pioductions proved itto be
a neb. feitiie mould, which possibly might becon&iderabtv
unpioved bv the addition of the cah-areniN matter eomainod
in the marrow ?tone that piesemed it?elf in manv places
In respect to its nnnciiJl pro iuctions, no ^reat vanetv was
observed. Iron ore, in its vaiiou* fornix, was gen'eiallv
found. ' *
He then describes the vegetable kingdom, and.
remarks that such parts of it u applicable to use-
; "" Purposes appeared to grow very luxuriantly."
I rio then says:
j '• Thi> country, in an ncncnltur.il point of view, f fhould
cone nve. iy capable of hteis impiovement, notvvithftand-
i mg the ioil in geneial maj be considered to he light and
i -tuulv'. lis spontaneous production?, in the vicinity of ibe
) vvoodf are marly the i-ame, and grow m equal lu.Mui-
j anc^. with those under a similar pai'alJel in Euiope ; favor-
ing the hope Unit, it notations evotics vvero introduced and
I caietull} attended to, they would succeed in the Ui«*uM
! degree- &
j '"'file mildness of the climate, and tlie forwardness of eves y
| species of plants, atlorded ^t!ong grounds m support of tbu
opinion. The interruptions we experienced in the zeneial
scfenitv of the weather, were probably no moie than Woe
| nb-oitttely requisite mthe spungof the vear 10 bnnr lbrwa-d
; the annual productions. These were attended with no vio-
i lenceof wind, and the rain which fell, although disagreeable
to travellers, was not so iieavv as to beat down and=d,>ti0v
tlie lir.vt efloits of vegetation."' y
He then deseiibes the productiveness of the
country m spars;
u l*he spare foretoptail yaid was also very imparfQet;
