. "-*2
612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6#
entrance to the lake, was Rouse's Point. They
said anybody, with or without a military eye,
could see, if he looked on the map, that Rouse's
Point was the narrowest passage; that any vessel
passing it would come within point blank range
of cannon shot; and that that was not all; that the
point projected so far into the lake, that any vessel
coining to it from the lake must come head on for
several miles, and therefore be for that distance in
the direct range of a raking fire from the battery,
and in like manner be exposed to the same dan-
ger—a raking fire for miles before she could bring
her broadside to bear—if coming from Canada to-
wards the lake. They said further, that with
respect to the two points to which he had alluded—
Windmill Point on one side, and Stony Point on
the other—on which it was proposed to fortify,
since they had lost Rouse's Point, they would be
of little value, as a vessel could pass between, and
be out of the range of pointblank shot from bat-
teries erected upon either of them. He there-
fore 
Mr. DICKINSON here asked if the Senator
would inform him whether the Dutch line did not '
give Rouse's Point to the United States > <
Mr. WEBSTER. No, indeed it did not; it gave '
them a circle running round Rouse's Point! but j
leaving it in possession of England, and they weie j
told they might take that when tliey had a mind '
to ! The Dutch line was rejected, and Rouse's !
Point was not theirs—they did not take the little
circle. Did the gentleman understand liirn -
Mr. DICKINSON. Oh ! certainly.
Mr. WEBSTER was glad to hear it. Well, ■
with respect to the points: any vessel passing be-
tween them was able to bring her broadsides to bear
upon them; and the two forts would have been ill- j
capable of rendering each oiher the, least assistance ;
in ease of an y assaults by land or water. Such was '
theview presented to tliemby thcmilitary men, and I
they told them as a matter of military science that ]
Rouse's Point was extremely desirable as a point of ■
military defence. Of one thinii he (Mr. W.) was j
then certain, that the true road to rcach Canada in |
time of war was by the way of Lake Cliamplain—
the old path. lie took to himself the credit of
making a remark, thirty years ago, which had j
been alluded to by the honorable member from !
Michigan, [Mr. Cass, ] Thirty years ago, he (Mr. i
W.) had said, that when an American woodsman
wished to fell a !ree he struck at the trunk, and did i
not content himself with lopping off the branches. !
Now the trunk of (he Cnn.ulian possessions was
Montreal, and the riu-r down to (Quebec. They'
had found tiiat out in ihc late war. Tie was not
competent to scan the operations ot' that war in a
military point of view, but be did still suppose that :
it was rather unfortunate that the war began in
Upper Canada, and he did still suppose, that it, was ,
rather unforiimate that they made any great effort
to make an impression in Upper Canada. All the
forces—Pillowing the precedents of former times  i
should have been immediately centered on Lake
George and Lake Chaniphun, and a direct move- 1
ment made upon Montreal. If the glories of the ■
Thames had been lost, others would have been
earned in that case, quite as important, in the ,
vicinity of Montreal, and one successful blow
struck there—upon the trunk—would have made '
all above it. theirs, of course. Well, then, it srem- j
ed to him highly important that the United States i
should possess Rouse's Point, as affording the
best means of defending the exit from, awl the \
entrance into Lake Cliamplain from Canada; and '
he affirmed now, that in all the extent of the
frontier, of sea and land, lake and ocean, of the
great State of New \ orjc—next to the Narrows,
by which vessels approached her great city—(here :
was not, a point so import,ilit lo her, that she and '
the Government of which she is a part should pos-
sess, as that which commanded Lake Champlain.
Everybody knew that, and must know it, acquaint-
ed with the history in former years and former wars.
He hoped that this Government would last forever.
But if it did not—if by any decree of Providence
^ ca'amity as dissolution and dismcmbermont !
should come, and New York be thrown back upon
her own resources, was there, he asked, a point
she could so much desire for her own defence, ,
next to that of th&Nairows, as that point on Lake
Champlam ? No, not one—not one. Well, how
fe j1 J P?lnt see"red to New York? Why, as
treatv k S i' 4'r,tl1 of latitude was the
reaty boundary between the two countries. In !
point of fact, it had been taken for granted for
some years that the 45th degree of latitude run-
ning north of Rouse's Point, brought it within the
jurisdiction of the State of New York. But it was
found that it ran south of the point, and so gave it
to the British territory. Well, how did they seek
to obtain it? By running a little circle round it,
like the Dutch King? No—they straightened it—
they retained the old line—they stipulated that that
which had been understood to be the line should
be retained. And that not only gave them Rouse's
Point, but it gave them some thirty or forty thou-
sand acres of land lying between 45° and the old line:
and they did the same for Vermont; by retaining
the old line they secured to the people of that State
some sixty or seventy thousand acres; and the line
of 4f>° ran 'through several of their townships,
leaving their settlements on the British side, in
several instances. Tie had never heard any of the
constituents of his friend near him [Mr. Phelps]
complain of that. They made it a point, there-
fore, as one of the equivalents—one of the bene-
fits—one of the considerations and advantages,
accruing not directly to the people of Maine, but
accruing- directly to the people of Vermont and
New York, that the line which had been the re-
ceived line, should be established as the true line.
What did they do for New Hampshire ? There
had boon a teiritory long in dispute near the source
of the Connecticut river. They would observe
that the line was to reach along the highlands to the
northwesteinmost head of the Connecticut river.
There were several streams there—what were they?
They bore different names—which was the true
north westernmost head ? The State of New Hamp-
shire had claimed Hall's stream. The Dutch line,
of which the Senator from New York [Mr. Dick- j
inson] was so much enamored, did not give that I
to New Hampshire; and, indeed, their own com-1
misMoner, (Mr. Van Ness,) when surveying that j
territory under the (reaty of Ghent, said that the !
line should not run to that creek. Yet that was I
agreed to, and save. 100,000 acres to New Hamp- j
shire. He did not say that (hat was the right con- ;
struction, but it was a construction that the United I
States commissioner under the treaty of Ghent !
had given up. It had appeared to him (Mr. W.)
just and important to have it so, and it was agreed
to by the British Plenipotentiary. He thought that,
here he ought to relieve the Senate from any far-
ther discussion of that boundary. He believed
that the negotiation had been fairly conducted to-
wards Maine and Massachusetts; that it had re-
sulted in an arrancement quite favorable to both,
and that nine-tenths of the people of the States
were entirely satisfied. He maintained that, it had
given up no important, position to the British Gov-
ernment, but, on the contrary, obtained for the
United States a military position of very great and
acknowledged importance.
Mr. GREENE here rose and said, that as the
day was now far advanced, he would, with the per-
mission of the Senator from Massachusetts, move
an adjournment.
Mr. WEBSTER then yielded the floor, and
The Senate adjourned.
[It is not pretended lo give more than a brief out-
line of Mr. Webster's remarks. His frequent quo-
tations are necessarily omitted, and as they consti-
tute important links, the chain of argument, which
is presented in this sketch, is, unavoidably, broken
and difficult of connexion.]
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jipril (i, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday (without having been
read through") was approved.
Mr. BRODHEAD asked leave to make areport
from the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Objection was made.
Mr. R4THBUN hoped that all the committees
would be called for reports.
The SPEAKER said the regular order of busi-
ness would be the call of the States for petitions,
commenemgwith the State of Connecticut.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved that the rules of the
House be suspended for the purpose of calling the
committees in their order for reports.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH moved to include reso-
lutions.
Mr. PRESTON KING was understood to indi-
cate petitions also.
The SPEAKER said the question would be ta-
ken first on calling for reports. - " •
And the motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then pat the question on calling,
for resolutions.
If the decision was announced, the reporter did
not hear it.
In reply to an inquiry— ■ *■
The SPEAKER said that the call of the com-
mittees for reports would include resolutions from'
committees also.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON. But, can resolu-
tions be presented by individual members?
The SPEAKER. No; except under a 'suspen-
sion of the rules. .
Mr. THOMPSON. Then I move to suspend
the rules.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call for reports
from committees, commencing with the Commit-
tee on Elections.
Mr. C-. J. INGERSOLL. What has become
of the motion to suspend the rules for the recep-
tion of resolutions?
The SPEAKER. It was decided in the nega-
tive.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON. I certainly called
for a division.
The SPEAKER. The presentation of "resolu-
tions from individual members would require a
suspension of the rules, and a vote of two-thirds.
The House is already acting under a suspension,
of the rules in the call of the committees for re-
ports.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. The first motion, as
I understand it, was agreed to. The second was
not put.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman who moved
to add resolutions, included,.in the estimation of
the Chair, only the resolutions from committees.
To call for resolutions from individual members
will require the call of the States in their order,
and for that object a motion to suspend the rules
would be required.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON. Then I move to
suspend the rules.
Mr. COBB submitted that the motion was not
now in order, because the House was already act-
ing undbr a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The House is already acting-
under a suspension of the rules, and therefore-the
motion is not in order. When the committees
have been called through, it will then be in order
to move another suspension of the rules.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON. What became of
the other half of the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that the
other part of the motion—that is to say, so much
of it as regarded the call of the States for resolu-
tions—was rejected.
The SPEAKER then proceeded with the call of
the committees for reports.
THE SINGLE DISTRICT SYSTEM.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Elec-
tions, moved that that committee be discharged
from the consideration of the petition of citizens
of Dover, in the State of New Hampshire, relative
to the right of the Representatives from the said
State, in the 29th Congress, to their seats as such
Representatives; which motion was agreed to;
when
Mr. H. moved that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the Subject, and
that it be laid on the table.
But, on the request of Mr. CULVER, Mr. H.
withdrew so much of the motion as proposed that
the subject should be laid on the table.-
Mr. CULVER then offered the following amend-
ment to the report.
Mr. CULVER moved that it be recommitted to
the Committee of Elections, with instructions to
inquire and report whether the persons therein
named, as holding seats in this House, were elect-
ed in conformity with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States and the law of Congress; and if not, then
to report a resolution declaring their seats vacant.
Mr. CULVER said, that as this petition had
been forwarded to him from the State of New-
Hampshire, and as he was a member of the Com-
mittee of Elections, he asked to submit a remark
or two. This petition (said Mr. C.) comes from
forty-four legal voters of Dover, in the State of
New Hampshire. They have a direct interest in
the question to which they ask the attention of
