1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
015
Smith, Stewart, Tliihodeaux, Tilden, Trumbo, Vinton,
Wentwortti, White, Wood, Woodruff, Wright, and Young
—5-2.
So the resolution wag referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The committees had now been called through.
THE CUMBERLAND ROAD.
On motion of Mr. TIBBATTS, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. McClellaxd, of Mich-
igan, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the bill to provide for the continuation of the
Cumberland road in the States of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois, and of the amendments thereto
pending.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH rose to a point of order.
"He desired to know whether it was in order for all
the members to leave the Hall at the same time?
The point of order was not entertained by the
Chair, '
Mr. SMITH expressed the hope that the mem-
bers would not all go at once.
Mr. R. SMITH, who was entitled to the floor
from a previous day, yielded to
Mr. WICK, who modified his amendment, by
adding the following:
Ami provided also, That if shall be law ful and comprint
for either ot' said Stups of Ohio, Indiana, llJinoH, and Mis-
sissippi, to appropriate the Miid lands herein panted to Haul
States le-peetively, or the proceeds tlierco^ ni or towiinta
the completion of a railroad, on the s>ame ijcrieial route witli
the Cumberland road."
Mr. FRIES gave notice of the following amend-
ment which he should oiler when in order:
u And he it further cmctfrU That tin* act nhall not take
often so  *< to giant the lands at* described in the fn«t
ti<ui of thi^ act to anyone of .said Htuti-n rmnr d therein,
until the Piesident sh.ill have been notified by the Governor
or othoi proper authority of said Htatcn, or either of th'-m,
that the Lejuxlature oi'-ueh Hint" has, in a eon>ttriition«l
jn-tnnei, pledged ihe faith ot mifh State not to a.sk imv fur-
iliei appropriation of either tamtam money, nrNimj from !ti"
nvo per cent, fund, or oiherwi  e, lor the repair, extension,
or completion of mud ('umbi'iiand road, or -uii-utute then-
for, and that notlmu; m thi.s act contained nhall be ho eon-
Krued as to auihnn/.e a cluing- of the pit'^ept location of said
road in the Htatc of Ohio.""
Mr. WICK accepted of iIiih nmrndmont, mul
accordingly further modified hi* nii^mtd amend-
ment.
Mr. HARPER guvo notice of tho following
amendment:
<k Be itfwthcr ennrlfiK That the sum of $.'>0,000 he, and
the same w hereby, appropriated toi tin1 erection ot nbiidi*e
ovet the Ohio river at Wheeling: Provided, that the same
he erected in such manner a * in no wise to obstruct tin- nav-
igation of fan! river. And pro^ficd, <tlso, That the ownei or
osvneis of the land neee^aryfor the erection of Mich bridge,
should reh-ase to the United flt.ites all chum to eompcii-.i-
tion therefor; said sum to be paid out ot" any money m the
treasury not otherwise appropriated, under the direction of
the Secretaiy of War."
Mr. R. SMITU, being entitled to tlie floor, ad-
dressed the committee nearly nn hour in support of
the bill. Ho remarked Hint if this was a new ques-
tion, for the first time brought to the notice of the
House, and it was proponed to eomtriiet a road
from Cumberland, in Maryland, to .lolfrrson City,
in Missouri, he very much questioned whether he
could be induced to vote for nn appropriation for i
any such purpose. No member m this House was |
more strenuously opposed to nn extravagant and i
indiscriminate system of internal improvements by j
the General Government than lie was. And he |
would not vote for any appropriation, either 111 the j
bill now before the House, or any other, the prin- i
ciples of which had not been sanctioned by the ,
fathers of Hie Constitution, and similar approprin- I
tions approved by the threat expounders of the |
Democratic creed—Jefferson, Madison. Jackson, |
and Van Huron. Mr. S. remarked that this was no
new question; on the contrary, it was commenced
under the Administration of Thomas Jefferson; its
first appropriation received his official approbation,
and from that time to the commencement of Mr.
Tyler's, it had received the fostering care of every
intermediate Administration. With such facts
staring him m the face, he must, be excused for
preferring to adopt the construction put upon the
Constitution, and the power of the General Gov-
ernment to make appropriations for this road, by
Jefferson and Madison, who acted a conspicuous
part in framing that instrument, rather than adopt
the constuction given to it by the two honorable
young gentlemen from Alabama, [Messrs. Yancey
and Payne.] He believed that those who framed
and adopted that Constitution understood full as
well the powers that instrument designed Congress
should exercise, as those of the present generation
and the present day. And that, protecting himself
behind the shield constructed by the framers of the
Constitution, he should continue to advocate and
support all appropriations designed for the com-
pletion of this great national work.
Mr. S. remarked, that it was a matter a lit-
tle extraordinary in its character, that during the
period that road was being constructed through the
States of Virginia, Maryland, and Pennsylvania, a
large majority of the Representatives of those States
had respectively recorded their votes, time and time
again, upon the Journal of this House, in favor of
the appropriations for that road ;anu that these con-
stitutional objections did not appear to have spntng
up in the minds of the Representatives from Vn-
ginia acainst the further construction of this gieat
national thoroughfare, until after it had been con-
structed through that State, and completed to Wheel-
ing, on the banks of the Ohio. Mr. S. said it was
true, that those: from the above States opposed to
the hill now under consideration, endeavored to
shield themselves from inconsistency in legislation
bv averring, that by the compact the General Gov-
ernment was only "bound to expend the two per
cent, fund in the' construction of this road. But,
(said Air. S.,) even this pretext is not al-
Up to April, ]R20, the
the construction of the
lowed those gentlemen.
appropriations made for
Cumberland ro«ul through the three States of Ma-
ryland, Pennsylvania, and Virginia, amounted to
the sum of fU",i;'.K984; while, during that same
period, the'(ico pre rent, fund only amounted to
£•210,000. lb re, then, it would appear that up to
the period above named, (1H-J0,) the excess of ap-
propriations to the Cumberland road, over and
above the two per cent, fund, amounted to the enor-
mous sum of $1(. And yet (said Mr. S.)
IIO (ib|fctmn was raised that the < Jcneral Govern-
ment was exceed nig its authority, or going beyond
the stipulations of the compact, bv making appre-
ciations to an amount exceeding that realized from
the two per cent. fund.
But this was not nil. Notwithstanding it was j
well understood at the time that the amount up- j
preprinted had exceeded the sum realized from the |
two per cent, fund nearly a million and a half of i
dollars, Congress, on the 15tli May, IH'20, passed ;
nn net providing for the appointment of commis- I
sinners 10 survey and lay out the, Cumberland road i
from Wheeling, in Virginia, to some convenient j
point on the west bank of the Mississippi river,
between St. Louis and the mouth of the Illinois
river. The preamble preceding that act clearly
demonstrates that Congress looked beyond any
stipulation whatever contained in the. compact
with Ohio, both for the power mid the expediency
of continuing that road to the banks of the Mis-
sissippi nt least. That preamble is as follows:
" Whereas, bv the continuation of the Cumberland
'road fiom Wheeling, in the State of Virginia,
' through the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
' the lands of the Tnited Ktatev nun/ become more vol-
' utthle," Here there was an admission, on
the pai t of the General Government, of their pow-
ers to construct this road irrespective of anything
contained in the compact, from the effect of which
it would prove difficult tor gentlemen to escape
and at the very time, too, when all the mighty
energies of his indomitable nature were being ex-
erted to put a stop to all works of internal im-
provement not strictly of a national character.
Mr. S. here alluded to, and read the following ex-
tract from General Jackson's veto Message upon
the Maysville road bill:
«In the Administration of Mr. Jefferson we have two ex-
amples of the exercise of the right of appropriation, which
in the considerations which led to their adoption, and m
their effects upon tlie public mind, have had a greater agency
m nlarkmt' the clinuW of the power than any subsequent
events. I allude to the pavmcnt of fifteen millions of dollars
for ttw purchase of Louisiana, and to the 0"S"i^appioprja-
tion for the construction of the Cumberland road, tlie latter
act deriving much weight from the acquiescence and appro-
bation of thtee of the most powerful of the original members
of the Confederacy expressed through their respectivelegis-
latures. Although the circumstances ot the latter• c<se may
be t.uch as to depuve so much of it as relates to the actual
construction of tin- mad, of tlie force of an obligatory exposi-
tion of the Constitution, it must, nevertheless, be admitted
that, so far as the mere appropriation of money is concerned,
they present the principle in its most imposing aspect. No
les* than twenty-three different laws have been passed
tluough all the forms of the Constitution, appropriating up-
ward* of two millions arid ;t half of dollais out of the national
tieasurv in support of that inipiovonient, with the approba-
tion of every President of tiie United States, incluumg my
predecessor, since its eonlmeneemt,llt.',
Mr. S. considered tliat he had fully shown, both
from the ]ivec< i>l and example of Jefferson, Madison,
Jackson, and Van Burcn, in their course in regard
to thi.s road, that no Democrat upon this floor was
either trampling with impunity; upon any provision
of the Constitution, or violating or disregatdjng
anv principle of the Democratic creed, by voting
! for and supporting this hill. If it was an error to
' pursue this course, it was to him a sufficient justi-
ficaiion that ho had been led into that error by the
i distinguished Pcmocmtic Presidents to whose ac-
! tion and writings he had previously referred,
i Mr. S. haul, he deemed it a duty he owed to
! himself, as well as to a portion of his constituents,
! f,,,. whom he entertained the highest regard, and
1 who hail remonstrated against the bill appropriating
! land tor the completion of this road, to otter some
explanation in relation to his course m this matter,
! and the motives which actuated him in reporting
■ both bills. At an carl V day in the session, nrompt-
1 od by li is own sense of right, and what he believed
i to be the univeistd desire of his constituents, he
I had reported a bill appropriating $400,000 lor the
prosecution of the work upon the road through the
j States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. Shortly after
he had reported that hill, ono of the Representatives
II from the State of Indiana, [Mr. C. B. Smith,] in-
troduced a bill granting a quantity of land supposed
to be sufficient to complete the road through that
State; and providing for a surrender of the road to
Indiana. This bill was referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals, of which he (Mr. R. Smith)
had the honor to be chairman. As a member of
that committee, and feeling the deepestsolicitude to
adopt that course which would most conduce to
secure the onipletion of the road, he took the pains
io address letters to all the members of the House
from the States of Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri,
requesting, as friends of the road, their respective
opinions as to the best policy to be pursued for
completing the same. Those Representatives,
with a single exception in Indiana, all concurred
|i„reo.M«mondi«^tlWi„trodWtio orttbaipa«tu«:
s^rtio s. fre iueiitly .mule by those opposing , to each of the States through which the road passed
^ i s icuds were contending for new i or was designed to pass, a sufficient quantity of
^ extended poweis of, he General Government ; .he public -ain to cmip etc he ™d jhremgh
to continue there appropriations; and to repel the.
charge that, in advocating them, tliev were, viola-
ting anv principle of the Democratic paity.
Mr.' S. then came down to a later period,
mid showed, that during both General Jackson's
and Mr. Van Hureii's Administrations, the same
view had been taken of the power of Congress, as
well as the expediency of continuing to make ap-
propriations for the completion and continuation of
this road, without regard to the two per cent, fund,
that had been taken by their illustrious and ever
to be venerated predecessors, Jefferson and Madi-
son. During General Jackson's Administration,
larger appropriations were made for the comple-
tion of tlie Cumberland road than during any pre-
vious or subsequent Administration. And as to him
was awarded the fame of checking a reckless and
extravagant system of internal improvements, no
one could question but what he regarded this road
as coming clearly within the constitutional powers
of Congress, or he never would have given his
sanction to appropriations exceeding $3,700,000,
j their respective limits. Ill the State of Ohio, thoie
was some diversity of opinion, but a decided ma-
jority were favorable to the land appropriation.
These strong and nearly unanimous expressions
from three States most deeply interested in this
o-reat national work, added to the undeniable fact
that all attempts to procure a money appropria-
tion had entirely failed for the last eight years, he
dul not feel humolf at liberty to disregard. He
therefore, in obedience to those expressions, had
reported bill No. 205,granting lands, accompanied
by a report. But that this was done with the un-
I del-standing that the money bill should be first
acted upon, and if that failed, then to fall back upon
■ the land bill.
Mr. S. said he should consequently go first for
the money bill, and only in the event of its failure,
wive his support to the land bill. In pursuing this
course, he was doing what he conscientiously be-
lieved was for the best interests of his constituents,
and the West in general. And if by so acting, he
committed an error, to him at least it was a conso-
