616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April %
lation to know that such error was one of the head
and not of the heart.
Mr. McGAUGHEY advocated the bill as a
measure for the facilitation of the transportation of
the mail, as a measure of military defence, and of
encouragement to the agricultural interests of the
West, &c., and urged the expediency and justice
of the measure, independently of the compact. He
touched upon many matters, especially connecting
this question with the politics of the country and
of his own Sute, and endeavoring to cast the odi-
um of its failure—if it took place—upon the Demo-
cratic party.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH devoted the few re- ;
maming nnnutes allotted to debate to a reply to |
Mr. McG.utgiiey, recurring to the action of Con- i
g ess in 1838, 1840, 1842, and at other periods, to ;
show that to the Whigs belonged the responsibili- '
ty of the neglect to pass this appropriation, and ;
advocating the general merits of the measure. lie
expressed his intention to vote for the amendment (
of his colleague, making appropriation of land m j
lieu of money. He yielded, m the course of his ;
remarks, to i
Mr. DROMGOOLE, who denied that any prop- !
osition appropriating money dnwilv from the ;
treasury for this work, had ever received the sane- .
tion of any republican President, but that the two
per cent, fund had always been depended upon to
meet the appropiiations, whenever they had been
made.
The two hours allotted foi the debate having ex-
pired, the committee proceeded to vote.
The state of the question was this:
Mr. AVICK had moved, as a substitute, the mod-
ified amendment heretofore published.
And Mr. YELL moved to amend that amend-
ment by adding thereto the following:
u Be it j'urlhci annctc<1, That the paid road shall be con-
tinued from .Mii'ivm city, in Missouri, tlnoiFih the States
of Mi.njouu ,iml Ark.tn-a*, the neaies-t and  noat practicable
route, ro San Antonio, m the State of and for the
completion oi xmdioad m the States of Mi-suuu and Arkan-
sas tnere i-s Ivteb} gi anted to each of the Stare-, for the
puipo=o afoH'->cud, 510,000 a«'rcsof public- land, to bo -elected
by the Governor-- of the several States afoiesaul, and to be
disposed of by tiie Legislatures tlreteof ior the completion
of said load ui said State*—that being the quantity of public
land granted to the State of Ohio over and above the quan-
tity'gi anted to the other new State-* of this Union.
<c jind be it further enacted, That the sum of §50,000 be,
and the same i  hpieby, appmpmited out oi'any money in
the treasury not otherwise appropriated, to complete the
said Cumb >rlan.d road in the Statu of Te.\a>."
The question was taken, and the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. STANTON moved the following amend-
ment, which was rejected:
" 13c it ftntl'er c mc/c</, Tli.it for the completion of the
military road commenced in the Slate of Aikansa1-, opposite
Memphis, ui Tennessee, there n, herein granted t-j the Suite
of Arkansas 2T>0,000 acres of public land*, or >o much thereof
a-* may be ncct-Sbfuy, to be M-leetud by the Governor of said
State, and disposed of by the Les^is-latuie thereof.
u Jlrid be it jiiithcr enaited, That the said road shall be
surrendered to the State of Arkansas and the entne eontiol
thereof shall be vested in «aul State to the same extent and
upon the same conditions as hereinbefore provided m refer- j
cnec to the Cumberland road, and the Suites through which
it passes."
Mr. McCONNELL moved that the Committee
rise and report the bili, with a recommendation
that it do not pass. ]i
The motion, if entertained, was not pressed. j;
Mr. G. DAVIS moved the following amend- j;
mcnt, which (by a vote not heard by the reporter,)
was agreed to: [
'•And whereas certain States received 500,000 acres of
land, under and by vutue ot an act entitled 'An act to ap- .
propriate the proceeds of the bale* of the public land?, and I
to grant pre-emption lights,' approved September 14, 18*11: |
" Be it further enaeUA^ That eaeli and every State of ihe <
United St:tk\-, othci lhan tho-e to which the said 500 000 j
aeies of land were nppropiiatfd In the act afoie.-atd, shall !
be entitled, and th ue is lu-reny appiopnated to each of them, I
500,00U acies oi land, arid each of such States may select ;
that quantity out of onv of the unappropriated public lands, i
in quantities of not less than 360 acres: Pro tided. That the 1
land* which ever} State may select under this act shall be
surveyed and sold b> the authority and officer* ot the United !
Stares Govprnment, a<= other pubhc lands, and as the money
may be received, it t-hall he paid ovei to the States whose
lands may have been sold." !
Mr. HARPER offered the amendment published I
above. Rejected,
Mr. WHITE offered an amendment, appropri-
ating (in lieu ot the land) $65,000 for the State of
Ohio; §125,000 for Indiana; and $125,000 for Illi-
nois. Rejected.
Mr. J. G. CHAPMAN remarked, that he had
intended to express his views on this subject, if an
opportunity had presented itself; but having been
cut off by the expiration of the time allowed for
debate, lie offered the following amendment:
ciJhid be it further enacted, That a sum not ex*
' ceedingone hundred thousand dollars be, and the
' same is herebv appropriated, for the construction
' of a road from"Ilockville, in Montgomery county,
'to the Monococy, in Frederick county, in the
' State of Maryland."
Mr. VINTON offered an amendment, releasing
the State of Ohio fiom the considerations and privi-
leges granted by her to the United States as an
equivalent for the lands granted to her by the United
States. Rejected.
Mr. MARTIN, of Kentucky, offered an amend-
ment, pro\idmg that the said land should be loca-
ted north of 54° -10', west of the Rocky mountains.
Rejected.
'Mr. PUKLPS offered an amendment providing
that the said land should be subject to taxation by
the States in which they He as soon as selected by
the States, as piovided "for in the bill. Rejected.
The question on the modified substitute, as
amended, was then taken, and dccided in the affirm-
ative, aye^ noes 35.
So the modified substitute, as amended, was
adopted.
On motion of Mr. POLLOCK and Mr. BROD-
I1EAD, the committee then rose and leported the
i bill, as amended, to the House.
j And the question being on concurring with the
! committee in its amendment, and on ordeiing the
' bill to ti third reading,
Mr. WENTWOIITH demanded the previous
I question.
I Mr. DROMGOOLE moved that the whole sub-
ject be laid on the table, and asked the yeas and
| nays, which were ordered, and,being taken, result-
i ed as follows:
i YTCAS-Me'-rs. Stephen Admns, Anderson, Atkinson,
■ Kenton, Burn-, .Tanvs Ulack, James A. Black, Boyd, Brock-
I onbrouuh, William G. Brown. William W Campbell, Reu-
j ben Chapman. CIi-hp. Chipman, Clarke, Oobb, Cullorn,
] Dani"!, D.ujan, Jeileif-on Dans, l)e Mott, Dillingham, Dob-
1 inn, Dtom^.rulf, DunUp, Goodyear, Gordon, Grovor, Hamlin,
llaialson, Hopkins, riontrh, Georn'' S. Houston, Edmund W.
Ilnbaid, ITungerford, James ft. Hunt, Hunter, Jenkins, Jo-
seph Johnson", Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn
Jones, Preston Kinjr, Lawicnco, Leake, "Litfon, Lumpkin,
Maclay, McConn^H, McOiate, James McDowell, McKay,
John P. Martin, Barklev Martin, Moulton, Niven, Norris,
Pavne. Ratbbun, Reid,Rhett, Robert-*, Sawtellc, Scammon,
Simpson, Stanton, Si. John, Jacob Thompson, Tredway,
Wheaton, Williams, Woodwaid, Yancey, and Yell—76.
NAYS—IVTe^rs. Abbott, John Qtiincy Adams, Arnold,
A^hmuii, IM1, Blanchard, liowhn, Binikerhoff, Biodhead,
Carroll, Cathcart, John G. Chapman, Cocke, ColJamcr,
Crozici,Culver, Cnnnmyham, Oairett Davis, Dixon, T)ock-
*13, Faran, Fiekhu, Foot, Fo-itcr, Fnes, Gaivin,
(Jiddin<:«5, Ci!?ibain. Gridei , Gunnell, Hampton, Harper, lien-
ley, Samuel 1). Hubbard, HruKnn, Washington Hunt, Chas.
J. Incorsoll, Joseph R. Jnaer?o)l, Lewis', Levin, J.<ong,
McOlell.ind, MeCbnuaiui. Joseph J. McDowell, McGaughey,
Mcllenry, McTlvaine. Mai-h, IMo^elev, Owen, Pairish,
J^rclps, Pollock, Piice, Relfe, Julius Rockwell, John A.
Rockwell, Runk, Sawyer, Schenck, Severance, Leonard H.
Sims, Trumnn Smith, Albert Sirnth, Thomas Smith, Caleb
I}. Smith, Robert Smith, Starkweatlieu Stewart, Thibo-
deaux. 'f'Jionia«son, JJcnjainm Thompson, Thurman, Tib-
batN, Tiiden, Trumbo, Vinton, Wentworth, White, "Wick,
Wmthrop, Woodruff, and Wnght—8G.
So the House decided that the whole subject
should not be laid on the table.
And the question being on the demand for the
previous question,
Mr. WENTWORTH withdrew it—and the
Speaker thereupon gave the floor to
Mr. COBB, who renewed the demand.
Mr. HAMLIN moved a call of the House; and
asked the yeas and nays on that motion.
A point of order was here raised by Mr. TIB-
BATTS, involving the right of Mr. Cobb to the
floor, (to renew the demand for the previous ques-
tion,) on the ground that Mr. Wentworth had
not yielded it, and that he had withdrawn the mo-
tion for the previous question, with a view of in-
troducing an amendment.
The SPEAKER stated the grounds upon which
he had made the decision, and to which he ad-
hered, that Mr. Cobb was entitled to the floor.
Some confusion, and much conversation fol-
lowed.
Mr. P. KING moved that the House adjourn.
Rejected.
l\Ir. J. J. McDOWELL appealed from the decis-
ion of the Chair, awarding the floor to Mr. Cobb.
After some further conversation,
The question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?" was taken,
and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was ajfi.rm.ed.
The question then recurred on the motion, that
there be a call of the House.
Pending which, after the usual number of de-
mands for yeas and nays, which -were not ordered,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, JUpril 7, IS46.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a'com-
munication from the Department of War, in an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate, of the 1st inst.,
referring certain resolutions of the Legislature of
Louisiana, relating to the defences of the city of
New Orleans; which was referred to the Commit- -
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of C. H 
Gratiot, and others, citizens of the United States,
praying the removal of Stewart's rock, in Lake-
Superior, and the establishment of a light, or self-
acting bell, where it stands; which was referred to
the (Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ALLEN asked leave to withdraw from the
files of the Senate the petition antJ papers of the
heirs of Frederick Sleigal, which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the
following resolution, which agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expcdicncy of making
an appropriation for the removal of obstructions
to the navigation of the river Sabine.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill establishing
certain post routes, and for other purposes; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Stalker & Hill; which was read, and passed to a
second reading, and the report wa3 ordered to be
printed.
GENERAL ORDERS OF THE DAT.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
adverse report of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
upon the memorial of William H. Thomas; which
was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the same eommittete,
upon the memorial of William H. Thomas, pray-
ing remuneration for supplies furnished to the
Cherokee Indians; which was concurred in.
The Senate also considered the adverse reportof
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, upon the
memorial of the legal representatives of William
Alexander, Earl of Stirling; which was concur-
red in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions, upon the petition of Elizabeth Gassa-
way; which was concurred in.
SPECIAL ORDER.
Mr. ASHLEY moved that the prior orders of
the day be postponed, and that the Senate resume
the consideration of the special order; which mo-
tion was agreed to.
THE TREATY OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. WEBSTER arose, and said: On yesterday
I read an extract from the proceedings in the Brit-
ish Parliament of a despatch of Lord Palmerston
to Mr. Fox, dated August, 1841, in which Lord
Palmerston says that the British Government, as
early as 1840, had perceived that they never could
come to a settlement of this controversy with the
Government of Mr. Van Buren, and they there-
fore wished and waited for a change in the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Now. sir, I do not mean to say that that was so.
I do not wish to say whether the fault was more
on one side than the other; but I wish to correct,
in the first place, any inference of an improper or
injurious character which may be drawn from
that statement of the British Secretary of Foreign
Affairs. It may be said that the British Secretary
knew that he could not drive a good bargain with
Mr. Van Buren, because he was too upright to
assent to any arrangement which would be inju-
rious to the interests of his country. They there-
fore looked forward to, and waited for a change
which would bring into power an Administration
more ready to concur in the purposes of England.
