1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
617
Now, to prevent any such construction, I wish to
say that those remarks of Lord Palmerston,
whether true or false, were not caused by any
stoutness or stiffness of a peculiar nature which
Mr. Van Buren had ever maintained on our side
of the merits of the question. The merits of the
boundary question were never discussed by Mr.
Van Buren to any very great extent. The only point
his Administration discussed was the formation of
a convention of exploration and arbitration to set-
tle the question. A few years before this despatch
of Lord Palmerston to Mr. Fox, the two Govern-
ments had agreed how the question could be set-
tled. They had agreed that there should be an
exploration. Mr. van Buren had proposed and
urged arbitration. England agreed to it. They
agreed to these two principles, therefore, long be-
fore the date of that letter of Lord Palmerston;
and from that agreement till near the close of the
Van Buren Administration, the whole correspond-
ence turned on the determination in favor of a
convention for arbitration according to the stipu-
lation of the parties. Therefore, it was not on
account of any notion that Mr. Van Buren stood
\tp for American rights better than others. It was
because the question respecting the convention for
arbitration had become involved in so much com-
plexity—so many protests and counter-protests—
nad become so difficult and entangled; and because
every effort to disentangle it had made it worse.
On this account alone, Lord Palmerston had made
the remarks. I do not say whether justly or un-
justly. I wish to draw no inference that would be
injurious to others—to make no imputation on Mr.
Van Buren.
I believe this has been somewhat overrated on
both sides. I referred yesterday to the report
made by General Wool m respect to the road from
Kennebec. In point of fact, the place which Gen-
eral Wool recommended in 1838 was a few miles
farther east, towards the waters of the Penobscot
river; but generally, the remarks I made were per-
fectly true, that east of that line there has not been
a road or passage.
The honorable member from New York vestcr-
day produced extracts from cerium debates in Par-
liament, respecting the important- of the territory
ceded to England in a military point of view. 1
beg to refer to some others which I hold in my
hand, but which I shall not read—the speeches of
Sir Charles Napier, Lord Palmerston, Sir Howard
Douglass, &c., as an offset to those quoted by the
honorable Senator. But I do not think it of im-
portance to balance those opinions against each
other. Some gentlemen prefer one set of opinions,
some prefer others; and, for my own part, I can-
didly admit that by both, one and the other, facts
are overstated. I do not believe, sir, that anything
in a military point of view, ccclcd by us to Kng-
land, is of anv consequence to us or her, or that
anything was" ceded by either party except one
thing—that is Rouse's Point. I do believe it was
an acquisition of importance to repossess ourselves
of the site of that fortress, and to that point I shall
proceed to make a few remarks that esenped me
yesterday.
I do not complain here that the Senator from
New York has underrated the importance of that
acquisition. But what I do complain of—if com-
plaint it may be called—is, that when he spoke of
cessions made to England by the treaty of Wash-
ington, a treaty which proposed to proceed on the
ground of mutual concessions, equivalents, and
considerations—when referring; to such a treaty
to show the concessions made to England, he did
not consider it necessary to state, on the other
hand, the corresponding cessions made by England
tons. And I say over again, that the cession of
Rouse's Point by her must be and is considered,
by those best capable of appreciating its value, of
more importance than all the cessions we made to
England; and to show how our Government con-
sidered its importance during the last war, when
the nation was oppressed with debt, there was
nothing that addressed itself with more zeal to them
than to make a defence suitable for the north end
of Lake Champlain. As early as 1816, the Gov-
ernment paid twenty or thirty thousand dollars for
the site, and went on with the work at an expense
of one hundred thousand dollars. But in 1818, the
astronomers appointed found it was on the English
side of the boundary. That, of course, terminated
their operations. But that is not all. How did our
Government regard the acquisition by the treaty of
Washington? Why the ink with which that trea-
ty was signed was hardly dry, when the most emi-
nent engineers were despatched to that place, who
examined Its strength, and proceeded to renew and
build it. And no military work—not even the for-
tifications for the defence of the Narrows, approach-
ing the harbor of New York—has been proceeded
with by the Government with more zeal. Having
said so much, sir, I will merely .add, that if gentle-
men desire to obtain more information on this im-
portant poi^t, they may consult the head of the
Engineer Corps, who went there by instructions to
examine it, and who reported thereon.
Now, sir, I will conclude my remarks on this
boundary question. I desire to put it to the peo-
ple of the United States, whether most of the occa-
sional complaints that have been made, and that we
continue to hear repeated against the settlement of
the boundary question, do not proceed mostly from
a feeling that it is not desirable that too much credit
should be given to those who had a hand in it.
Another topic was the affair of the " Caroline"
and the affair of McLcod. These have been the
subject of discussion and remark in both Houses of
Congress at this present session. It would be well
to state briefly the history of these occurrences.
[Mr. W. here entered on u historical detail of the
"McLcod ease,"as it was called. I(e quoted from
the Message of Mr. Van Buren, of December, 1<n38,
giving the American account of the invasion, by
citizens of the United Suites, of the Canadian pro-
vinces—an account made up of official ami other
evidence taken by the Government of the United
States. ITenlso referred to the British account of
the same transactions, contained in Senate docu-
ments, 3d session, 27th Congress, document No.
199. J That statement of what had actually oc-
i c.urred on the Canada frontier was by Mr. Van
Buren. In the latter part of December, he thought
the 29th, a British piuty from Canada came over,
and in the harbor of Sehlo.-vsi r sci/ed the "Caro-
line.'' It created a considerable excitement, and
was the subject of a correspondence between Mr.
Fox and Mr. Foisyth. Reparation was demand-
ed, but not gi\en. Mr. Fox avowed the act as
done by the colonial Government of Canada, mid
justilied it; mid if so, made nn occasion for a direct
appeal to the British Goveinnunt. Then arose
the question, whether the British Government had
avowed that act. On that subject there was a cor-
respondence, which was of considerable interest.
In that position the case rested till the arrest of
McLeod, in 1840. Remonstrances followed im-
mediately on the part of Mr. Fox. Mr. Forsyth
did not admit that the Government of Great Britain
had ever avowed that act. Here he leferred to a
note from Mr. Forsyth to Mr Fox, of 26th De-
cember, 1840.
The British Government had all along contended
that when the matter was complained of by Mr.
Stevenson, Lord Palmerston at once communicated
the avowal of the British Government of their as-
sumption of the responsibility of the act, and stated
that neither indemnity nor apology was to be ex-
pected from the British Government. Yet the affair
was left in this unsettled state during the whole of
Mr. Van Buren's Administration, ile referred to
the correspondence of August, 1841, in proof of
that. Lord Palmerston reminded Mr. Stevenson
that as early as May, 1838, Mr. S. addressed a
note to Lord Palmerston, m which he declared that
this enterprise in which the u Caroline" was de-
stroyed, was planned and executed by the Cana-
dian authorities, and then asked, " Could the Uni-
' ted States, after such a declaration, say that they
< did not understand that it was any more than a
1 private outrage, else they would sooner have de-
' manded reparation He referred gentlemen to
the correspondence. If so, then the question arose,
how was that matter left unsettled during the whole
of Mr. Van Buren's Administration? It occurred
m the first year of that Administration: what step
had he taken to vindicate the honor of the country ?
Not one. Whose fault was it that proper repara-
tion had not been demanded and had ? Nay, if the
Government of the United States regarded it as a
private outrage, it was still to be atoned for. But
no demand was made for redress. As he had said,
the affair so remained till the arrest of McLeod.
That created great excitement, not only amongst
public men, but the masses, who regarded it as a
national insult—just as Americans^ in his judg-
ment, would have regarded it. McLeod was a
soldier, subject to superior authority. Circum-
stances had occurred which, to the Canadian au-
thorities, appeared to demand and justify the de-
struction of the Caroline. McLeod was arrested—
was bailed; violence occurred; the judicial author-
ities were overawed, and he was put into jail. Mr.
Forsyth then wrote the note he had read, stating
that so far as he knew he was not aware that the
act had been avowed by the British Government.
Then came a despatch from Lord Palmerston to
Mr. Pox. It was the foundation of Mr. Fox's com-
munication to the Department of State, in March,
1841. In that despatch Lord Palmerston said it
must have been known that the act was avowed
by the British Government, and therefore that they
demanded the release of McLcod. What then? It
was deemed to be most decorous to take the fact as
represented by Mr. Forsyth—it was not thought
proper to gainsay the position of the Secretary of
Stale—that never was a part of the policy of any
Administration with which he (Mr. W.) ever was
connected. Such, then, was the state of the case
when General llainson came into office. He treat-
ed the British Governmentas a just and high-mind-
ed Government. He said the invasion of the ter-
ritory of the United States was an aggression on
the sovereignty of the United States, and repara-
tion and apology ought to have been made, and it
was not yet too late for thiit. On the other hand,
he .said that the arrest of McLeod, a soldier acting
under superior authority, was contrary to the law
of nations. And in that he (Mr. W.) need not
say he spoke m accordance with ail the authorities
on the law of nations. After much reflection he
also said there was an apparent want of courtesy in
thelcttei of Mr. Fox, under the authority ofLoid
Palmerston, demanding the release of McLcod.
But he added, that as the proceedings against
McLeod were wrong, Mr. Fox should be inform-
ed, that notwithstanding the uncourteous terms
of the application, it was just, and McLeod ought
to be discharged according to the due forms of law.
There was an answer to that communication, and
Mr. Fox was then reminded that the law must
have its eouise—that the party, just as in England,
in the Court of King's Bench, must be deliveied by
judicial proceedings. He was informed that if the
indictment had been pending in a United Suites
court, the Piesident could and would have directed
a ml. pros., but as it was in a State's court, he
could not. He could only see that the process
there was fairly conducted. And he (Mr. W.)
would call upon the Senator from New Yotft, [Mr.
Dickinson] for his authority for saying that the
United States Government had made a direct and
palpable interference in the case. Mr. Fox's let-
ter could be found in Senate documents, 1st ses-
sion, 27th Congress, document No. 1. And now,
he asked, if the decision of the Administration of
General Harrison was not exactly right—was it
not the proper course.-' When England said she
was answerable—that it was her act—would they
have had the Go\ eminent of the United States to
fall back, and, without calling on that responsi-
bility, when an individual came over the line,
snatch him up and try him for a murder? Had
not the British people a right to he incensed m
that ease? Suppose the United States Govern-
ment had invaded any part of the British territory
—for reprisal, on just grounds of retaliation—in
any way, but under the authority of the United
States; and suppose that the act was avowed, re-
fused the demand for negotiation, and said they
were ready to meet it: in such a case as that, if the
British Government had lam still for three years,
and then seized one of that invading party, and
threatened to hong him—he would put it to all—
would not war be declared in six hours? Would
it be submitted to for a moment? Was there a
man base enough to say that he would not have
made it the cause of war5 No; not a man with
an American heart in his bosom would have re-
mained silent and inactive for a moment when he
saw his Government treated in such an outrageous
manner. Well, then, did not the Administration
of General Harrison act right? What, then, was
the just responsibility that Great Britain had
taken upon herself? She made an aggression
upon the United States by entering its territory for
a belligerent purpose; she had invaded the sanctity
of its territorial rights. As to the mere destruc-
tion of the vessel, if perpetrated on the Canadian
side, it would ha\e been quite justifiable. The
persons engaged in that vessel were, it was to be
remembered, violating the laws of their own coun-
