1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
Such, then, are the contents of the letters which
this person describes as i4 facts not generally
known, but which would soon be made known,
for they were m progtess of publication, and he
had received them in no confidence, from the best
authority.'' "Well, I do not know where he got his
" authority," unless, as suggested by a friend
near me, it was from some chapters of his own
recent work! But let me state wnat did occur, and
so prepare the minds of the Senate for some de-
gree of astonishment, that any man in the world
could tell such a story as that. When McLcod
was arrested there was a good deal of con-
versation in Washington and elsewhere about
what would happen. It was a subject of very
considerable conversation, and certainly of em-
barrassment to the Government. It was honed
and expected by me, and I believe by other
gentlemen, that the Governor of New York
would see that it was a case in which, if he were
invested with authority, by the Constitution and
the authority of the State, he would recommend
the entering of a nolle jrros. by the prosecuting of-
ficer of the State of New York. It was expected
that he would do that, and General Harrison one
day said to me that he had received a letter from a
friend, in which he was informed that the Govern-
or of New York had made up his mind to take
that course, and that he was very glad of it, ms it
relieved the Government. It was about the time
that the Attorney General was to proceed to Mew
York to see how the matter was; and (he case was
to be iried immediately, within ten days, at Lock-
port, in the western port of the State of New
York. TJnving heard this, however, General
Harrison directed me to write a note of thanks to
the Governor of New York, stating that lie had
done exactly what was proper, and by so doing
had relieved the Government from some embar-
rassment, and the eountiy from some danger of
colltsion with a foreign Power. And that is eve-
rything said ni that lciter,or any other letter writ-
ten by me to the Governor of New York. The
letttr is hen; if anybody wishes to nee it.
Mr. ORITTKJNDKN hero suggested that the
letter should be read.
Mr. WEBSTKU then read the h-Uer. It is uh
follows;
" ih'i'autmi'nt ut h i'ati , }
Waskm^lon^ II, (
"My di:\rS?ir: Tin: Pifxidunt liiw lemnrd, not dim tly,
hut by means of a letter from a friend, that v< u liiul ex-
pressed a disposition to direct n nolle jnmeym in the eusr of
the indictment McLcod. on hem# informed l>v rh «
Government that the British Government ha* ofhrmlly
avowed the attia k on the Caroline tin im at I done h\ ou n
authority. The President ditects nie to mjnrfN hir* itumUn
iorthe promptitude with vvhii-h >o«i nj penr dispuxrd in jut
lorm an act wtueh he Hupponcn propei h r the oceasion, mid
which is calculated to relieve this Government trom etuhnr
rahsment^, and the country ftom mhuc dHiijfcM  l culli-i.m
with a foreign Power.
" You will have*een Mr. Cniiejulen, whom I take this oc-
casion to commend to you? kmdot nyaid.
(i t have the honor to lie, joins ttuly,
  OAMKL Wr.ltSTKR.
"Hist Excellcney Wiuiam II. Wrw Mto,
"G, ran r i'J AV>/> I'orA* M
Mr. MANGUM. Was tliat the only letter
wi it ten ?
Mr. WEBSTER. Ye«, the only letter. Now,
how am T to treat such allegations ? It is the false-
hood " with circumstance." A general snuemcnl
might pass unregarded; but here he tpiotes what he
calls "the highest authoiity." lie states particu-
lars. He gives all possible plausible marks of credit
to the falsehood. Mow am I to treat, n ? Wh>sMi\
I pronounce it an utter, an absolute falsehood, in
all its parts, fiom beginning to < nd. Now, I do not
wish to use epithets, nor to call names. But I hold
up this picture, which I have painted faintly but
trilly I hold it up to every man in the Senate and
in the country, and I a^k him to look at it, nnd tin n
write at the bottem of it anything which he thinks ,
it most resembles. :
The speech proceeds: "The next step taken by
< the Administration was to appoint a district attoi- j
4 ney, who was to be charged with the defcnce of .
' Alexander McLeod—the gentleman who was late- |
4 ly removed from office—and a fee of live thousand :
4 dollars was put into his hands for this purpose." ;
False, sir—false every way. The Government of :
the United States had no more to do with the em- j
ployment of Mr. Spencer for the defence of Mc- |
Leod than had the Government of France. Here--- ;
[taking up the corrected report of Mr. I. s speech j
in the "Intelligencer]—here he says that, enhghtci - ;
ed by the gentleman fiom New Yuik, he iound he >
was mistaken on this point." "Mistaken !" No
more mistaken or false than he was in any of his
other allegations. " Mistaken 1" No man who
makes such statements is entitled to shelter him-
self under any notion of mistake. His declaration
in this particular is no more false than is the dec-
laration that the Government of the United States
appointed an attorney, or charged their attorney
with the defence of McLeod. They never inter-
fered in the slightest degree. It is true, they fur-
nished to Mr. Spencer, as they would have fur-
nished to any other counsel, the official correspond-
ence, to prove that the Government of Great Britain
avowed the act of the destruction of the Caroline
as their own. The speech goes on: "Application
' was afterwards made to the Chief Justice of the
'State of New York for the release of McLeod.
j * The judge did not think proper to grant the ap-
| * plication. The marshal was about to let him go,
| ' when he was told that he must do it at his peril;
i 1 and that if McLeod went out of prison, he should
I * go in." I do not know what the marshal had to
| do with the case. McLeod was in prison under
j the authority of the State of New York. I do not
I know how it was possible that the marshal—an
| officer of the United States—could interfere. But
there are. some other matters in the speech to which
i I mu^t refer. "He would call on the honorable
j member from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] to sus-
j tain hint." I do not fmd that the honorable nriem-
! her from Massachusetts has yet sustained him in
j these statements, and I rather think he never will.
: lie asserts that I wrote to the Committee on For-
! eign Affairs of the House on the subject. It is a
j falsehood: 1 nevtr did. *'Th«se me facts," he
; says, "which no one will denutt." 1 dispute
! them. I May I have no recollection ««f them at all,
1 I do not believe Mr. Adams has any ret olleetion
! of any such note brinij writttn by me. If I had
: written Mich a note, I think I should have mnem-
■ hercd it. Well, now, this person next proceeds to
: a topic no way count eied with what he had been
: discusM!!i^. jHeie Air. \V. lead an extract from
, the speech of Mi. In^eisoll, i h.u^imj; htm (i\1r.
I W.) with ollt rinjf to i;ive Oregon for fife (rule
: with Kn^hwnl, in asptech made at a public din-
; ner, in li.iliunore, May, ISKI.]
| Here by me sits a Senator ftum Maryland, [Mr. |
: Johnson1,j who was present at that dinner, and !
heard that speech; and if I wanted a witness be-
yond my own statement nnd printed spceeh, I
( could readily call upon him. In that speech i did
not mention Oregon, nor allude to Oregon in the
: -slightest dc«*r< c. It is cm utter falsehood. There
I can bv no mistake about U. The author of this
speech |Mr. lu^ersollj was not there. If he
| knew anything about H, he must have acquired it
from the primed spoech: but in that there was not
the Mlij'htest reference to Oregon—there is another j
statement just as false. Why, sir, the hydrostatic j
| pressme has no means of condensing falsehood— ,
j anythm^—huo such a narrow compass as the an- j
| thor of this i-ptech condense falsehood. All !
i ^team-power does not equal K. What does he i
I hay here' Why. that my speech at Baltnnoie con- i
! faint d a Mtrowj recommendation of n commercial ■
treaty with Kmrland. Why, ^ir, a commercial;
| treaty with Kn^lanrf to ic^nlate the subjectts uptm |
whicli 1 was lalkmgnt llaltimorc—the duties be* j
! tween the two countries—was just the thing that 1 j
did not leemmnend, and whieh 1 there declared the t
tjeaiy-nuikim; po\\ er had no li^ht to make—no au- ;
tla rity to make. He would icpie^cnt me as hidd-
in-; out the idea that the power of laying duties for '
iv\emte was a power that could be fi eelv exercised 1
by the P evident and Senate as the treaty-making '
powtr! Why  1 hope that 1 know more of the !
t'onstitution than that. The giounri 1 took was 1
just the reverse of that—exactly the rcveise. Sir, ■
'mv correspomiencr, public and private, unh Lng- [
land then led me to anticipate, before long, some |
change, m the pole y of England with respect to
certain articles, the produce of this country—some  
cb'\oge with respect to the policy of the corn-laws, j
And 1 sui.\,rested, in that speech, bow very im- 1
pojlant it would be, if things should so turn out I
as that that threat product of mus—the Indian corn,
of whieh we raised live tunes ub much as we do of
•wheat—the pmduei of the West and Southwest—
especially °f the State of Tennessee, which raised i
annually I did not know how many millions—t sng> ■
jested, I say, the great good foWune that would !
happen, if an arrangement could bo made by which
that article of human foot! could be freely impoited ;
II into England. And I said that, in the spirit that
j! prevailed, and which I knew prevailed—I knew
i! that the topic had been discussed in the Board of
ij TradeMn England—if an arrangement could be
(I made in some proper manner to produce such a
11 result, it would be a piece of great good fortune,
j! i>ut, then, did I not immediately proceed to say
11 that that could not be done by treaty? I used the
ji word "arrangement*'—studiously used it—to avoid
|f the conclusion that it could be done by treaty. I
will read what I said:
" But with regard to tlie direct intercourse between us and
England, great interest is excited, many wished expressed,
antl strong opinions entertained, in l'avor of an attempt to
settle duties on certain articles by treaty or arrangement. I
say, gentlemen.4 by arrangement.' and 1 use that term by de-
Mfrn. The Constitution of* the United States leaves with
Cong! e* s the ear biiiine-s of laying duties to support the
Government. It hits made it the duty of the House of Rep-
resentatives?, the popular branch of the Government, to take
the lead on -uch Millets. Theie have been some teweaf.es
in which treaties have been entered into, having the effect
to limit duties; but it not necessary—and that is an Im-
portant part of the whole smbjeot—it is not necctsurv to go
upon the idea, that if we come to an underr-tintling with
foreign Governments upon rates of duties-, that undo land-
ing can be effected  >nlj by means of a tieatv ratified by the
President, and two-thirds of the Senate, according to the
form of the ConetituUon." * * * *
*• It is true, a treatv is the law of the land. But then, as
! the whole busmef-p of revenue and general provision foi all
| the wants of the country is undoubtedly a very peculiar
; business of the House ot Representatives, or of Congress. I
1 am of opinion, and alwavs have been, that there >houid h-;
, no encroachment upon that power by the exercise of the.
j treaty-making power, unless in case of great and evident
I neee^ity."
f There had been some cases of necessity, like that
of Fiance in the ca&e of Louisiana. And yet he
says that in the spcei h, in which Oregon was not
mentioned at nil, in winch I repudiated altogether
to levying of revenue by the treaty-making power,
that I recommended a treaty with England. Sir,
1 grow weary, weary with this speech. Who
should allude to representations and imputations
: apparently so groundless ? Why, sir, there is one
: thing in the speech from which I will supplicate
, its author to have m« excused. He says, he never
' ajiieed with mu in politics. That is true. We
: never did, and, I think, we never shall agiee. He
■ said, many years ago, that if he had lived in tiie
time of the Revolution, he would have been a Tory,
j I don't think 1 would. He has said also very re-
, cently in a printed book of his, that the Declara-
tion of Independence was carried with difficulty, if
not by accident. That is his estimate of the great
charter of our national existence. We would
never agree in politics, I admit. But he said, Mr.
Webster is a man of talents. Here I beg to be
cxcused. i can bear his abuse, but if he under-
takes my commendation,! begin to tremble for my
reputation. I ask again, what can account for the
apparent maliciousness of his statements? I do
not think that they were made through malice I
am inclined to think there is not feeling enough in
him of like or dislike. I think it proceeds from a
moral nbuiseness—a native want of perception be-
tween truth and falsehood, or the result of so long
, a discipline in that sublime school of morals that
; teaches all is fair in politics; and if he ever pos-
sessed an iota of original, native discrimination, it
, is altogether obliterated. But what does he say
; further? Speaking of the treaty of Washington,
he says, (* the good old Bay State," &c  He loves
; the old liny State! lie loves Massachusetts!—He!
—Hr! If he loves Massachusetts, he is like—
i —— '* that luckless swam, who grieved
I For friendship uiuoturned, and unrequited love."
1 can tell liim, sir, the whole people of Massa-
' chuHctts hold liim mid his love, his principles, his
speeches, his vcracily, nml his vulue of truth, in
Hller what shall I say ?—in anything but re-
spect. I don't know their motives, f say the
' mintl of the man seems to be grotesque—hzarre.
• Why it is rather the caricature of a mind than a
: mind itself. Sir, we sometimes use a phrase bor-
; rowed fiom mechanics, when we see a man of
| some, knowledge and a little talent, who is found
| absolutely incapable of producing anything useful
; —we say, "there is a screw loose somewhere." In
; this ease the screws are loose all over. The whole
; machine is ricketty, disjointed, and creakin°-—as
; often upside down as upside up; as often injurious
to those who use it, as doina; injury to others—
" Paulo mtijnra canamusAnd now, Mr. Presi.
dent, I will take some notice of what has been said
by the bcmitor from IVew York, [Mr. Dickinsov 1
1 excecdin^y re-ret—truly and unfe%nedly re°Tet
—that tlie observations of the gentleman malie it
