1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
proved itself to be useful to the citizens of the
United States, for whose benefit it was devised and
adopted, that it has proved itself worthy of favor
in the judgment of the most enlightened nations of
Europe, and that it has never been complained of
by anybody except by murderers, and fugitives,
and felons themselves.
Now, sir, (Somes the matter of the African squad-
ron, to which I am induced to turn my attention"
for a moment, out of sincere respect to the member
from Arkansas, [Mr. Sevier,] who suggested the
other dav that to that article he had some objec-
tion. There is no man whose opinions are more
independent than those of that gentleman; and no
one maintains them with more candor. But, if I
understood the Senator, he appears to think that
that article gave up the right of search. What does
that mean ? We never claimed that right. We had
no such right to give up; or docs it mean exactly
the opposite of what he says—that it yielded to
England her claim ? No such thing. The arrange-
ment made by this treaty was to carry into cfiect
those stipulations in the treaty of Ghent that we
thought binding on us, as well as to effect an object I
important to this country, to the interestsof human- j
ity, and to the general cause of civilization through-
out the world. The object of it was to accomplish
all that in a way that should avoid the possibility
of subjecting our vessels, under any pretrnce, to
the right of search. I will not dwell on this. But
allow me to state the sentiments on this subject of
persons in the service of the United States abroad,
whose opinions are entitled to respect. There is
a letter sent to the Department of State by Mr.
Wheaton, dated Berlin, November 16th, 1842.
[Mr. W. read from this letter an extract, expres-
sive of the writer's approbation of this article of
the treaty, as particularly well adapted to the end
proposed, and by which for the first tunc the pol-
icy of the United Suites in this respect might be
said to have exercised a decided influence upon
that of Europe.] 1 am quite willing, (said Mr.
W.) to rest on this opinion of Mr. Wheaton as to
the propriety, and safety, the security and the wis-
dom of the article in this treaty respecting the sup-
pression of the African slave-trade by n w|U \dnm
of our own, against any little artillery that may be
used against, it yet. 1 beg the gentleman'm pardon,
I did not allude t.o his opinion; I have for him the
highest respect. I was thinking of what is said in
some of these " documents." But I need not stop
there. Upon the appearance of this treaty between
England and the United States, the States of Europe
did alter their treaty stipulations and their policy.
The treaty of 1841 between the Five Powers had not
been ratified by France. There was so much oppo-
sition to it in France on the ground that it gave the
right of search to the English cruisers, that the King
and M. Guizot* though the treatv was negotiated
according to their instructions, cfid not choose to
ratify it. I have stated the cause of popular indig-
nation against it. Well, what was done. ? 1 'It tell
you. When the treaty of Washington became
known in Europe, the wise men of the two coun-
tries, who wished to do all they could tu suppress
the African slave-trade, and to do it iu a manner
expressing in the highest degree the immunity of
the flag of either, the supremacy of cither, agreed
to abandon the quintuple treaty of 1841—the un-
ratified treaty—they gave it up. And I have now
in my hand the treaty between France and Eng-
land, signed in London, on the yyth of May, 1845,
the articles of which, respecting the manner of put-
ting an end to the slave-trade, embody exactly the
provisions contained in the treaty of Washington.
Thus it had been that France had borrowed from
the treaty stipulations between the United States
and England, the mode of fulfilling her duties and
accomplishing her purpose in perfect accordance
with the immunity of her flag.
Mr. President, there is another topic on which I
have to say a few words. It has been said that
the treaty of Washington and the negotiations ac-
companyingit, leave the great and interesting ques-
tion of impressment where they found it. With
all humility and modesty, I must beg to express
my dissent from that opinion. I must be permit-
ted to say that the correspondence connected with
the negotiation of that treaty—although impress-
ment was not in the treaty—has, in the judgment
of the world, at least of considerable and respect-
able persons in the world, been regarded as not
having left the question of impressment where it
found"it, but advanced the true doctrine m some
degree to a higher and stronger foundation. The
letter addressed on that subject from the Depart-
ment of State to the British Plenipotentiary is
among the documents. I only wish it to be read.
It expresses shortly the course of this Government
on that subject. Lord Ashburton had no author-
ity to settle that question—a circumstance which I
do not regard, because I do not deem the subject
as one at all proper for treaty stipulation. [Mr.
W. here read from the letter alluded to.] The
declaration there made, he said, would stand, not
on account of any ability in the writer, or author-
ity in the name subscribed to the letter. But it
will stand, because it announces great principles
of public law. It will stand, because it announces
the true doctrine of the independence and equal-
ity of nations upon the sea. It will stand, be-
cause it announces the determination of the people
and Government of the United States to main-
tain those principles—to uphold these doctrines,
through good report and through evil report, for-
ever. The declaration, sir, will stand. [IlereMr.
W. referred to the outrages that had been perpe-
trated on board American coasting vessels in their
passage along the l>ahamas, from the south to the
southwest, and alluded to the case of the " En-
dymion." He called on the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Cai.uoi;n] to nay whether he (Mr.
W.) had not aimed at the object of preventing the
recurrence of such scenes. [Mr. Calhoun' ex-
pressed his assent.] Mr. W. then thus concluded:
1 am ready Jo put it to the people of this country
if the northeastern boundary question has not been
settled honorably, fanly, and satisfactorily to the
States concerned, and nine-tenths of the American
people, i am ready to put it to the people of this
country whether, in the matter of the Afiiean
| squadron, a groat difficulty has not been removed,
! the immunity of our ilag been established, and
| whether more has not thus been done towards the
' accomplishment of the object than had ever been
'] done before by both countries. And in regard to
jj the Creole ca.se, 1 pnt it to the gentleman and every
j! citizen of the country whether everything intended
!j to be accomplished by correspondence and nego-
liution on that subject lm.s not been accomplished.
And then 1 will put it to the country, finally,
;! whether what was done on that occasion—whether
Ji the result of talent or fortune—(1 claim no merit
jj for talent)—has not been favorable to the maritime
rights of the United States and to the civilized
world—whether it is not so regarded by all the
civilized world. These are the questions which
1 wish, to-day, to put to the country, and every
citizen of the country. I am willing to abide by
the reply.
Mr. DICKINSON here rose and said that,
having survived the fire of the honorable Senator
j'from Mass;u ImsettN, he felt hound to do what,
j! under other circumstances, he would not ha\e
done—claim once more the indulgence of the
*' Senate. Notwithstanding the strong personal at-
j! tack of the honorable Senator froht Massachu-
j! setts, [Mr. Wkbitkb,) ho should proceed to his
;j subject, unprovoked by die sneer s of that honor-
|| able Senator—unintunidated by his threats, and
l| unrufHcd by his anger—and he would endeavor to
ji treat it in a inunner becoming bis position. He
jj would repeat, that, in his humble effort upon Ore-
'j gon, he deemed it proper f<> insist, as an argument
jj against too much concession, that the history of our
:] country showed n constant concession to British
;; domination; and he cited a few leading cases for
!| the purpose of establishing his positions. He
• j would refer to the appending part of the. humble
j; speech, that it might be seen whether he had de-
>: parted from the stiiciest rules of propriety and
i; decorum.
11 In speaking of the McLcod affair, and the murder
;| of Durice, Air. D. said:
; "An individual nnnn'd MeLeod, an inhabitant of Canada,
•! avowed himself ihe murderer. and bein<,'m the State of New
i f York, was arretted and confined ia jail. The Federal (Jov-
j runuenr cndeavoii'd to prevent his tun! by the couits of
i New York ; ant! hut for the commemiultlo firmness of her
'j executive and judicial authorities would have succeeded,
if No reparation has jot been made; and it is said to have
'! been ehari^'d upon the floor of the other branch of Con-
gress that the (W;v of counsel who defended Mcl.eod were
paid from the iresiMuy. Mr. I), knew nothing concerning
the sutemoiit, but hoped for the honor of the nation it was
not true
" Mr. Wkbstkr. It is wholly false.
5} "Mr. DioxresoKwa-* liapp} to hear it. He wished to he
i i correct as to the history of the pa^t; hut if his reeollcction
!' seived him, tlie Federal Government insisted that the au-
thonties of New York, undei the circumstances, had no
ri^ht to trv MeLeod, who declared he had sent the mi3?iie
which terminated the life of one of her citizens upon her
own soil. Does the Senator wish to explain ?
a \jr Webster. Not at present j I do not want to inter-
rupt the Senator. I shall think it necessary, perhaps to
call on him hereafter for the authority upon which he makes
this statement.  
"Mr. Dickinson had understood there was a correspond-
ence between the authorities at Washington and the Gov-
ernor of New York to that effect; but he alluded particu-
larly to a letter addressed by Mr. Webster, Secretary of
State, to Mr. Crittenden, Attorney General at that time,
directing hnn to proceed to New York and take,charge of
the irial of MeLeod. He had itnot then before him, and did
not recollect it< piecit-o language, but would refer to it be-
fore he should close. He would endeavor to speak of the
history of the past truly, and in perfect kindness, but he
wished to show wh.it we had gained by negotiations with
Great Britain, and who had made the, concessions.
« Mr. D. here gave way to a motion for Executive ses-
sion.
"Wednesday, February Mr. Dickinson said, when
he gave way yestculay, in di-cus-ing the M< Leod alfair, he
iiad incidentally alluded to a statement which, he had un-
derstood, had been made in the othei House of Congress by
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Afl'aiis. The
statement surpnsrd Vmn, as he had pievionsly stated; for he
thought, it true, it was a gieat abuse, winch should be guard-
ed against for the futuu*, and, if nut, it tdionld be denied.
He would produce and read the remaik? to which he alluded,
as well in justification of his statement as to allow the lae
Secretary [Mr. Webster] a full opportunity lor explanation,
if he desired.
" Mr. Evans said it was not in order.
"Mr. Dickinson said he had no desire to read, if object-
ed to from the other side, and would waive it."
This (Mr. D. said) was an extract from the
speiv.lt us delivered and published—and was a
faithful history of what took place; containing his
statement and allusion to Mr. Ingersoll's specch—
the denial of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
WkHstkk,] for it went with it, and to this was ap-
pended in a note ail extract from the speech of
Mr. In^ersoll, the chairman of the Committee of
Foreign Relations in the House of Representa-
tives; a hijh and responsible authority, and, not-
«ulistnndiiig the denunciation of the honorable,
learned, and dignified Senator, he would add, high-
ly respectable; a gentleman who hud been long be-
fore the country, had filled many high and distin-
guished posts with irreat credit and ability; was
now holding one of the most honorable and respon-
sible positions in the other House of Congress.
The note was only published with the pamphlet
edition; that was 3lis own, and lie did not think it
necessary to ask of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to whom he might send it. He said the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Web-
ster,] on Friday last, although he had not the
floor for the following Saturday or Monday, an-
nounced with marked formality that he would
speak on Monday, on the Ashburton treaty. He
(Mr. D.) was somewhat inexperienced here, and
therefore was unable to determine at the time what
such nnnounrcment meant; and he would not now
sny that any portion of the Senator's remarks were
addressed for the edification of those whom his time-
ly advertisement had assembled. The Senator had
consumed much time in his denunciation of him-
self, (Mr. 1).,) and boasted, in a tone of great tri-
umph, that his speech was erroneous ill its state-
ments, and yet, after discharging all his batteries,
he had not singled out one erroneous statement,
and had only assailed a single inference—which
was, whether the I'Yderal authorities interfered with
the ordinary course of justice m New York, touch-
ing the MeLeod affair; and it would be seen that
he (Mr. D.) was correct 111 both facts and infer-
ences. Mr. D. said his offence had this extent—
no more. He had appended the extract from Mr.
Ingersoll's speech to his pamphlet edition as a
matter of history. Mr. Ingersoll's speech was
before the public lonj? before he so appended that
fact to his—was official language from a responsi-
ble source—and, though not in technical,perhaps,
yet in popular phrase, was a public document. It
was not, in the language of the honorable Senator,
a slander fished up from the gutters. It had been
long before the public, circulated here and in Eu-
rope, and known to the Senator—was introduced
by Mr. D., as he stated, at the time, to enable the
Senator to contradict it, if erroneous; and yet it
had been for months uncontradicted, except in a
single point; and that was, whether the counsel of
MeLeod was paid from the treasury.
He had to regret that the honorable Senator
could not have pursued the defence of his negotia-
tions without invidious sneers, and that he thought
it necessary to attempt to disparage an inexpe-
rienced, humble, and unambitious member, by
sneeringly remarking on the fearful odds lie had to
