622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A?xil 1,
encounter in this personal contest which he had
opened. But Mr. D. would not imitate him in
temper or spirit; he should feel it his duty to ex-
tend his remarks to some length, and would there-
fore, for the present, move an executive session.
The motion of Mr. D. was then put, and nega-
tived; and then, on motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jlpril 7, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
THE CUMBERLAND ROAD.
Mr. MeCOIv NELL asked leave to introduce a
resolution in relation to a mail-route.
But the SPEAKER said that the unfinished bu-
siness of yesterday would be first in order.
Mr. McCONNkLL withdrew his request,
And the House resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the continuation of
the Cumberland road through the States of Olno,
Indiana, and Illinois,
The question immediately pending being on the
demand of Mr. Cobb for tlie previous question.
Mr. CULLOM, remarking' that there ought to
be a fuller iiitendanco when this question was de-
cided than there was at present, moved that there
be a call of the [louse.
And a call was ordered.
And the roll having been called, 151 members
answered to their names.
And the names of the absentees having been
called over, 168 members appeared to be present.
When, on motion of Mr. BOYD, all further pro-
ceeding!? on the call were dispensed with.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. GRAHAM rose to put an inquiry to the
Chair. If the previous question was sustained,
would it be in order for a member to call for a di-
vision, .so as to take the question separately on
each clause of the bill as reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chair calls the recollec-
tion of the gentleman to the fact, that this question
arose on the passage of the Oregon resolutions.
Tlie Chair then decidcd that the question was di-
visible. The House overruled that decision; and
the Chair, therefore, now feels bound to decide that
it is not in order to call for a division on an amend-
ment reported from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Thq question then again recurred and was taken
on the demand for the previous question; and there
was a second.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH demanded the yeas and
nays on the question of oidering the main question;
which weie refused.
And the main question (being first on concurring
with the committee in its amendment, and then on
ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third read-
ing) was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. SAWYER, was here understood to inquire
of the Chair, whether the question could not be di-
vided under the new rule adopted in relation to in-
ternal improvement bills?
The SPEAKER said the matter did not come
within that rule.
Mr. HOG-IS callcd for the reading of the amend-
ment; which was read.
Mr. H. also asked for the decision of the Chair
under the new rule above referred to.
Tiie rule was read.
Mr. HOGE. Does the Speaker decidc that, un- 1
der that rule, the question cannot be divided?
The SPEAKER said he did so decide, and for '
several reasons. In the first place, the bill as
amended did not involve an appropriation of mo-
ney. In the next place, it made an oppropnotion
of lands for the construction of the road, but it also
ceded the road to the Stales after it should have
been completed. In the third place, the bill appro-
priated 500,000 acres of land to certain States—a
provision which did not come within the rule.
Under all these circumstances the Chair was of
opinion that the question could not be divided.
^ Mr. GRAHAM appealed from the decision:
p. e. the decision first given.]
Mr. G-. VV. JONES suggested that this question
of order could not be made in the present stage of
the question. The question now was, on concur-
ring with the committee; whereas the rule had
reference to the question of the engrossment of the
bill.
The SPEAKER said he had decided the ques-
tion now, although not strictly m order, because a
decision had been asked for.
Mr. HOPKINS suggested to Mr. Graiiam lo
reserve the appeal until the question came up oil
the engrossment of tlie bill.
The SPEAKER (011 a moment's reflection) said
that the gentleman had a right to make the ques-
tion now. The question came up properly on
1 concurrence, and not 011 the engrossment of the
I bill.
'1 Mr. G. S. HOUSTON. Do I understand the
: gentleman from .North Carolina, [Mr. Graham,]
| as taking an appeal 011 a distinct point of order?
j The fciPEAlvKR. Yes, sir.
I Mr. G. HOUSTON. 1 thought the gentle-
! man had appealed 011 the point of order raised by
! the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Hoge.]
I Tne SPEAKER. No; 011 a distinct point,
| under the decision of the House 011 tlie Oregon re-
1 solutions, the Chair has now decided, that, on the
j question of concurring in the amendment of the
! committee, the House cannot divide the bill under
| consideration.
; The amended bill was again read.
i Air. CH1PA1AN (011 the extreme right of the
! Cluur) made an inquiry, of which nothing was
i heard by tlie reporter on the left.
! The iSPEAKKll. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Graham,] i
and to the House] that the Committee ol' the
Whole 011 the state of the Union, yesterday, re-
ported to the House this bill, with an amendment,
and the channian could not have repoited the bill
m any other foini, under the 127tli rule, which
reads as follows:
" All amendments made to an original motion in
committee shall be incorporated with the motion,
and so reported."
The chairman of the committee (continued the
Speaker) reported the bill to the House with one
amendment, which was, striking out the original,
or money bill, and inserting what the Clerk has
read. The question has been made by the gentle-
man frouiNoith Carolina, [Mr.Graham,] whether
it is competent tor the House to act upon these two
mam propositions (so to speak) separately upon
the question of concuriencc. The Chair decides
that, under the decision had on the Oregon resolu-
tions, the blouse cannot, 011 the question of con-
currence, divide the bill. The House will recol-
lect t..at, 011 the question of concurring in the Ore-
gon resolutions, when there were two distinct pro-
positions, the bpeaker ruled that the question could
be divided. The House overruled that decision
In obediencc to that decision, the Speaker, what-
ever his own judgment may be, feels bound to de-
cide that the amendment reported yesterday cannot
be divided. And from this decision the gentleman
from Noith Carolina appeals.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH asked the yeas and
nays on the appeal, which were refused.
Mr. STAKia.WEATHER desiied to make an
explanation, of the purport of which nothing could
be heard by the repoiter.
But the S PEA KER interposed to check all further
discussion.
Mr. STARKWEATHER was understood then
to appeal to the House to hear his explanation.
Objections 011 all sides.
Mr. BOYD asked that the Cleric might turn to
the Oregon resolutions for the information ol the '
House. He (Air. B.) thought that it would be
perceived clearly that that was not divisible matter.
Mr. P. KING suggested i.hat the present matter
was no more divisible than that.
The SPEAKER said debate was not in order.
Mr. KING said he was not debating.
Mr. BOYH inquired whether it was 111 order for
him to call for the reading of the Oregon resolu-
tions ? 1 j
The SPEAKER said they might be read by con- |]
sent of the House. ||
Many objections were made. II
The SPEAKER. The reading is objected to, jj
and is not therefore 111 order. Ii
The contusion 111 the Hall was great. !j
Mr. VINTON was understood to inquire, wheth- ;i
er, at the last session of Congress, a decision had '!
not been made by the Chair, that where a motion II
was submitted to strike out and insert, if the mat- I
ter to be inserted was in itself divisible, a. division
could be had on the substitute proposition of which
the bill was composed ?
The SPEAKER said, his impression -was that
such was the fact, and that a similar practice had
.been tolerated for years.
Mr. VINTON was making another inquiry,
(the purport of which the reporter knows not,)
when he was interrupted by cries to order.
The SPEAKER now asked that, by permission
of the House, the Oregon resolutions might be
read.
Mr. RATHBUN and other members objected.
So the resolutions were not read.
Mr. TIBBATTS (with a view to release the
House from the restriction which it had placed
011 its action) moved to reconsider the vote by
which the previous question had been seconded.
The SPEAKER said that it would be necessary
for the gentleman first to move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question had been- ordered.
Mr. TIBBATTS made that motion, and demand-
ed the yeas and nays; which were refused.
Mr. T, then withdrew his motion.
So the question recurred on the appeal of Mr.
GRAHAM.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved that it be laid on the
table.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH asked the yeas and
nays on that motion, which were refused.
And the question was then taken, (by tellers,)
and the vote stood, ayes 111, noes not counted.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
The question then recurred on concurring with
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, m its proposed amendment to the bill.
Mr. TIBBAT PS here rose to move the recom-
mitment of the bill with instructions.
But the SPEAKER said thai, the previous ques-
tion having been demanded, the main question on
the motion to recommit was not in order.
A brief conversation between Mr. G. S. HOUS-
TON, Mr. TIBBATTS, and the SPEAKER, fol-
lowed.
Mr. G. W. JONES now moved that the whole
subject be laid on the table.
Khe yeas and nays were asked and. ordered;
and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
Bayly, Bellinger, Benton, Biggs, James Black, James A.
Black, Boyd, William G. lirovvn. Burt, William W. Camp-
bell, Auaustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase,
Clarke, Cobb, Cultom, Daniel, Dargan, Jefferson Davis,
De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dromgoole, Duiilap, Ells-
worth, Goodyear, Gordon, Grover, Hamlia, Haralson, Har-
manson, Hilliard, Isaac 1 - Holmes-, Hopkins, Hough,
George S. Houston, Edmund W. Hnbard, Hungerfbrd,
James B. Hunt, Hunter, Jenkins, Joseph Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George VV. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Preston King,
Lawrence, Leake, La Seie, Ligon, Lunipjcin, Maelay, Mc-
Oonnell, MeCrate, James McDowell, McKay, John P. Mar-
tin, Barkley Martin, Morse, Moulton, JSJiven,Nf>i"ris, Payne,
Pendleton, Tiathbun, Reid, Ithett, Roberts, Sawtelle, Scam-
rnon, Seddon, Simpson, Stanton, Sykes, James Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, Tredway, Wheaton, Williams, Wood,
Woodward, Woodwortli, Yancey, and Yell—87.
WAYS— Messrs. Abbott, John Quiney Adams, Arnold,
Ashmun, Barringer, Bell, Blanehard, Bowlin, Brinkerhoft;
Brodhead, Milton, Brown, Carroll, Catheart, John G.
Chapman, Chipman, Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, Crozier,
Culver, Cummins, Cunningham, Garrett Davis, Dixon,
Doekery, Douglass, Edwin H. Ewing, Faran, Ftcklin, Foot,
Foster, Pries, Garvin, Gentry, Graiiaie, Gride'r, Grinnell,
Hampton, Haiper, Henley, Hoge, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hud-
son, Chailes J. Tngersoll, Joseph E. Ingereoll, Lewis, Levin,
Long, McClelland, McUlernand, Joseph j; McDowell, Mc-
Gaughcy, Mcllvame, Marsh, Miller, Moms, Moseley,
Owen, Parrisb, Pettit, Phelps, Pollock, Pnee, Bamsey,
Rell'e, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell. Root, Eunk,
Sawyer, Sebenck, Severauee, Leonard H. Sims, Truman
Smith, Albert Smith, Tliomaa Smith, Caleb B. Smith
Robert Smith. Starkweather, Stewart, Thibodeaux, Benja-
min Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Xildm, Trumbo,
Wentwortli, White, Wick, Wilmot, Winthrop, Woodiuff,
Wright, and Young—94.
So the House decided that the whole subject
should not be laid on the table.
The question then again recurred on concurring
with the Committee of the Whole 011 tlie state of
the Union, in its proposed amendment to the bill.
Mr. WICK inquired of the Chair if it would
now be 111 order to move to recommit?
I he SPEAKER said it would not, for the rea-
sons already stated. The House was proceeding
to vote under the restriction of the previous ques-
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered 011
the pending question.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved a reconsideration of
the vote by which the main question had been or-
dered, and asked the yeas and nays-
