1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
_ Mr. HENLEY. If the House should recon-
sider the vote, and should then decide that the
main question should not now be oidered, would
not the effect be to postpone the subject until to-
morrow r
The SPEAKER, when this inquiry was put,
was counting to ascertain whether the requisite
number had voted to order the yeas and nays, and
now announced that they were not ordered.
Mr. TIBBATTS withdrew his motion.
So the question .again recurred on concurring
with, the committee in its proposed amendment.
There was great uproar in the Hall.
Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL. What is the ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. On concurring with the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union in
the amendment reported yesterday to the House.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL". What is the amendment?
I ask that it may be read.
The SPEAKER. It is very long, and has al-
ready been read two or three times this morning.
The Clerk will call the roll.
The question was then put, " Will ihe House
concur with the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, in its proposed amendment?"
[To wit, on the substitute land appropriation of Mr.
Wick, as amended on motion of Mr. G. Davis.
See yesterday's proceedings.]
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, but sus-
pended the operation, from the impossibility of
hearing the answers of members.
Order having been obtained,
Mr. PETTl'l' inquired of the Chair, whether,
if the House refused to concur in the amendment,
the question would not then come up on the origi-
nal bill?
If there was an answer the reporter did not
hear it.
The Clerk proceeded with the call of the roll;
and having completed it, the vote was announced
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Abbott, Arnold, Ashimm, liarruigcr,
Bell, James Black, Blftnehuid, Brodhead, Millon Uiown,
William W. Campbell, Carroll, John Ctmpman, Usnbrn
Chapman, Cocke, Oollamer, Ciant,ion, Cro/.ici, Culver,
Dargan, Gtu rett Davis, Dillingham, Di.\on, Doekeiy, 1 )uu <
lap, Kdwin II. lowing, Knot. Kusur, Gently, Cialmiu, Gri
tier, Giinneli, ilanihn, Hampton, liaijiei, Hopkins, llou^li,
Samuel I). Ilubbaid, Hudson, Washington Hum, Joseph
It. 1 nyoiv.oll, ycabnin Jones, Thonmi ilucler Kinq, Loivw,
Long, MoCrnte, McGauglicy, Mcllvamo, Marsh, Miller,
Moseley, MouHou, Nonis, Pendleton, Pollock, UatliMiy,
Ratllbun, Huberts, Julius Itoc kwell, John A. Rockwell,
Root, Kunk, Sawyer, Severance, Trtunnn Smith, Albert
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stewart, 'Phomusson, Benjamin
Thompson, Tiiden, Trmnbo, White, Wick, Wilmol, Wm-
throp, Woodruff, Wright, and Young—?t*.
NAYS—Messrs. John (luincy Adams, Stephen Adams,
Anderson, Atkinson, Bayly, Bedingcf, Benton, Biggs,
James A. Black, Bowlin, Boyd, lirinkerhoft', William G.
Brown, Burt, cathenrt, Augustus A. Chapman, Chase,
Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Cuinnnns, Cunningham, Daniel,
Jefferson Davis, Be Molt, Dobbin, Douglass, Dronigoolo,
Faran, Pickliu, Fries, Garvin, Uoodyear, Gordon, HmiUson,
Ilarmansou, Henley,-Hose, Isaac E. Holmes, George X.
Houston, Edmund W. Iluliard, Ilungerfofd, James B. Hunt,
Hunter, Charles J", tngersoll, Jenkins, Joseph Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston King, Law-
reuee, Leake, La More, Ligon, l.nmpkiu, Maelay, McClel-
laud, McClernanrt, McComiell, Joseph J. McDowell, James
McDowell, McKay,"John P. Mmtiu, Uarklcy Martin, Mor-
ris, Niven, Owen, Pairish, I'ayne, Point, Phelps, Puee,
Reid, Relto, Rliett, 'Sawtellc, Scanmion, Sehenek, Si diion
Ijoonard II. Kims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, RobeitSmilh
wortli, Yancfcy, and Yull—108.
So the House refused to concur with the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union in
its amended bill.
Whereupon, the question recurred on the en-
grossment of the original bill, [To wit: the money
appropriation bill heretofore published.]
Mr. ROBERT SMITH asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John a. Adams, Arnold, Ash-
man, Blanchaid, Bowlin, Brinkerhoff, William W. Camp-
bell, Carroll, John (J. Chapman, Cranston, Culver, Cum-
mins, Cunningham, Dixon, Douglass, I'arau, Fiekiin, Foot,
Glider, Grmnell, Hampton, Harper, Henley, Hogc, Samuel
D. Hubbard, Hudson, W. Hunt, C. J. Ingersoil, J. R. Inger-
soil, Lewis, Levm, Long, McClernand, Joseph J. McDowell,
McGau°l>ey, McIIvaine, Mortis, Moselcy, Owen, Pcttit,
Pollock, Ramsey, Relfe, Julius Rockwell, Root, flunk, Saw-
yer Sehenek, Severance, Truman Smith, Thomas Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Starkweather, Stewart,
Thibodeaux, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson, Thurman,
Tibbatts, TiMen, Vinton, Wentworth, White, Wick, Wlll-
throp. Woodruff, Wrigtit, and Young—72.
NfYS—Messrs. Stephen Adam?, Anderson, Atkinson,
Eariinger, Bayly. Bedinger, Bell, Benton, Biggs, J. Black, J.
A. Black, Boyd, Brotlhead, Milton Brown, Win. G. Brown, j
Burt, Augu-lus A. Cnapman, Rtiuberi Chapman, Chase, ]
Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke, Crozier, Cullom, Daniel,
Dargan, G. Davi.s, J. Davis, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin,
Dockery, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Ellsworth, Edwin H. Kwmg,
Foster, lories, Garvin, Gentry, Goodyear, Gordon, Graham,
Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Harmanson, Hilhard, Hopkins,
Hough, George S. Houston, E. W. Huliard, Huugertorii,
Jamc i B. Hant, Ilunuir, Jenkins, Joseph Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Preston King,
T. B. King, Lawrence, Leake, La Sere, Ligmi, Lumpkin,
Maelay, McCoiinell, McCrate, James McDowell, McKay,
John P. Martin, Barkley Martin, Moullon, Niven, Xorris,
I'arrish, Payne, Phelps, Price, Ratllbun, Reid, Rhett, Rob-
erts, Sawtellc, Scainmon, Seddori, L. H. Sims, Simpson,
Stanton, St. John, Sykes, James Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Tredway, Trmnbo, Wheatoii, Williams, Wihnot,
Wood, Woodwaid, Woodwortli, Yancey, and Yell—106.
So the bill was rejected.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee 011 Elections.
Mr. RATHBUN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House refused to order the bill
to be engrossed for u third reading, and I ask the
previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. moved that there be a call of
the House.
But the House would not be called.
The qucsiion recurring on the demand for the
previous question;
Mr. TlliBATTS inquired of the Speaker, if it
was now in order to move to recommit the bill?
The SPEAKER said it was not.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and there was a second.
And the main question (011 the motion to recon-
sider) was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. SCflENCK moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table; which, after a brief
eonversuiton between Mr. tr, W. j ON KS <md the
SPEA K EU, was rrjrch d.
>So the motion to reconsider was not laid 011 the
Uible.
Am! the question recurring on the motion to re-
consider, it was taken and decided in the negative,
withoul a division.
So the vole, was not reconsidered.
Mr, DOUULAWS moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the slate of
the Union,
Several voices: " For what purpose ?"
Mr. noOULASS. To take up the Oregon bills.
The, question on the motion having been taken,
and decided in the affirmative;
The 1 louse resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole, on the. slate, of the Union, (Mr. McCleu-
naniv, of Illinois, in the chair.)
Mr. DOU< i LASS moved that the committee take
up the bill to protect the rights of American set-
tlers in the territory of Oregon, until the termina-
tion of the joint occupancy of the same.
Mr. BROD11EAD gave notice that, if that mo-
tion should not prevail, he would move to tuke up
the bill in relation to the licensing of canal-boats.
Mr 1MMN KA'UmOFl'' gave notice that he would
(in 1 ho event of the motion of Mr. Doiicji.ass fail-
ing) mine to lake up the bill from the .Senate to
provide for raising one legiment of mounted rifle-
men, and for the establishment uf military stations
oil the route, to Oregon.
And Mr. JACOB THOMPSON gave notice of
his intention (in the contingency aforesaid) to move
the bill to graduate and reduce the price of the pub-
lic lunds.
TUB TERRITORY OF OREGON.
The question was taken by tellers, on the mo-
tion of Mr. Douulass, and the vote stood ayes 38,
noes 77.
So the committee determined that it would not
take up the bill to protect the rights of American
settlers in the territory of Oregon, until the termi-
nation of ihe joint occupancy of the same.
O11 motion of Mr. BIiI.\KERHOFi;\ (to whom
the Chairman awarded the lloor,) the committee
took up the bill from the Senate, (No 29,) to pro-
vide for raising one regiment of mounted riflemen,
and for the establishment of military stations on
the route to Oregon.
Some conversation followed, on a point of order
raised by Mr. BRODHEAD, but which led to no
action.
The bill, having been read through, was taken
up by sections.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF said he was instructed
by the Committee on 'Military Affairs, to whom
this bill from the Senate was referred, to offer cer-
tain amendments. The substantive amendments
were but two, and tlie other amendments were but
verbal, intended to make the balance of the bill
conform to them. He proceeded to explain the
two main amendments. The first one was to
strike out the word " mounted," in order to make
it a regiment of riflemen; but they propose^ to
add at the end of the first section a clause giving to
the President of the United States discretionary
authority to mount the whole or a part of the re-
giment, whenever, in his opinion, the public ser-
vice shall require. He hoped and he trusted that
there would be no opposition to this featuie of the
bill. It was offered because, if the President of
the United States should find that only a part of
the regiment is required, it would be mounted; if,
after the experiment was made, the whole was
necessary to be mounted, he could so order it; and
then the object of those who believe the whole of
it should be mounted would he effected; while, if
any of it can be kept on foot without injury to the
service, public economy would be promoted.
The other amendment, which was in fact an ad-
ditional section, was the following:
"jlnd be it farther enacted, That, for the purpose
of encouraging the formation of agricultural settle-
ments in the immediate vicinity of the stations
aforesaid, the President be, and is hereby, autho-
rized and required, so soon as the Indian title
thereto shall be extinguished, to grant and convey
3~'t) acres of land, lying within the distance of five
miles fioni any such station, to each male head of
a family who shall, with his family, within three
years after the establishment of such station, take
up his residence 011 such land, and continuously
reside 011 and cultivate a part of the same for the
period of five years; and the President is hereby
further authorized to cause to be made all such
regulations as may be necessary to insure to each
settler the quiet enjoyment of such land as he shall
reside on and cultivate as aforesaid, prior to the
time when the Indian title thereto shall be extin-
guished, and the eouv*cyance thereof be made as
aforesaid."
Some years ng;o, the Senate of the United States
(he believed) addressed to the Executive depart-
ment an inquiry as to the most economical and
proper method of defending the western frontier 
Arkansas, Missouri, and Iowa—against the Prairie
Indians. It was while Mr. Poinsett was Secretary
of War. He proposed that, for the more eco-
nomical supply of the troops kept at the military
stations in the West, forms should be let out in
their vicinity, to be cultivated by the troops them-
selves, that thence they might be enabled to draw
supplies for their own support, without transport-
ing them from the East. The object of this amend-
ment was the same; but the committee, in offering
it, proposed to accomplish that end by different
means. The Committee on Military Affairs were
unanimous in the recommendation of this clause,
and he hoped it would be in order to state that he
had submitted it to a number of men, all eminent
for their knowledge on the subject, who all gave it
their approval. The land in the West, on tho
route to Oregon, was of no object to the United
Stales—no value to them; and yet, by making a
somewhat liberal grant to settlers, you may secure
around each post which is established an agricul-
tural settlement, which will not only afford sup-
plies to our troops, but a surplus of products to
sell to emigrants passing 011 that route to Oregon.
He supposed there was no doubt but a grant of
320 acres to each actual settler in the neighborhood
of these posts would induce many to settle them-
selves there; and thus Oregon emigrants, who now
have no stopping place, no resting place, where
accommodations can be afforded for mending their
vehicles, for nursing the sick and for surgical ope-
rations, will find themselves now and then, as these
stations occur, in the midst of civilized settlements,
and with all the comforts of civilized life accessible
to them.
These were briefly the objects of the amend-
ments; and he would not detain the committee by
further explanation.
Mr. UATHBUN said he had been looking at
this bill now before the House, and he found it
was a bill which had been reported to the Senate
and there passed to a second reading, and printed-
and he found,upon further inquiry, that this House'
was not m possession of a single printed copy as
it passed the Senate, nor of the amendments which
