624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
were made to it by that body. Now, he was not
prepared, upon any examination he could give to
a bill of this importance, where there was but a
single copy in the House, to take it up and act
act upon it. For the purpose, therefore, of having
the bill printed, and allowing opportunity for ex-
amination of its provisions, he moved that it be
kid aside, and that the committee fake up bill
No. 23.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF said tliat the Senate bill,
as reported from the committee of that body, was
laid upon the tables of the members of this House
It was slightly amended in that body, it was true!
but the modifications made weie simple, and easily
understood. It was not customary to print bill's
after they had passed the Senate, and were sent
here for concurrence. He hoped the bill would
not he laid aside.
Mr. HOUSTON hoped the gentleman from New
°,-,}v0}u J?ot .ma^"e sidewise opposition to
the bill, but that it would be mot fairly, now that
it was before the committee, and passed or rejected,
according to its merits or demerits.
Mr. COBB then, and Mr. DROMGOOLE sub-
sequently, raised the point of order, that this mo-
tion was not debatable; which point was sustained
by the Chairman.
Mr. HARALSON, however, was allowed to ex-
plain the circumstances attending the bill in this
House. He said the modifications made in the
tsenate were very few, of an immaterial nature, and
he hoped it would not be laid aside.
The question was propounded on the motion to
postpone; but after some difficulty, for want of a
''TntTiiDTur , , , ; tenng into a general exposition and defence of the
" * v Wu 1 ew TY1°^lon f°r the ;i principles of that party, and arguing the propriety
p ^ent, q-ivn; notice, however (as was understood jj of the extension of the term of probation to for-
1 wli?Tr should renew it hereafter. eigncrs to twenty-one years before conferring upon
Mi VV irll Ihi gave: notice of the foilowinj '! them the privileges of citizenship, &c
amendment which he should offer when in order: .1 Mr. DROMGOOLE replied in a vein of humor
„ a" tfie_officers tor the aforesaid regiment i| which elicited the general merriment of the com-
ApriiB^
had been sanctioned by Jefferson himself, whom
no one would accuse of being an enemy of State
rights.
In reply to an inquiry of Mr. S, JONES, touch-
ing this point in his amendment, he said that an
alien could not be received under the Constitution
into the army, inasmuch as he had not sworn al-
legiance to our Government.
Mr. JONES. Can he not be received and take
allegiance for that purpose?
Mr. LEVIN. He can be if riaturalized. He
should be very sorry (he said) to trust aliens. His
views on this subject were drawn from a certain
document sent forih by General Washington from
Cambridge, when he gave directions to his officers
to place none but natives on the outposts.
Mr. L. next proceeded to notice such objections
as from time to time had been thrown out by mem-
bers of this House against the Native American
party. He first repelled the charge made, that its
principles were analogous to that of the alien and
sedition law of 1798, pointing out the wide dissim-
ilarity and opposite designs of their provisions.
Mr. S.JONES rose to a point of order. He
said it was not in order on a bill of this kind to
go into the question of the naturalization laws. If
the committee, however, (that was, the few who
were here,) decided that it was, he was willing to
submit; hut he thought the gentleman should re-
serve his speech for the hustings.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order,
deciding Mr. L.'s remarks in order.
Mr. LEVIN resumed, and replied to other at-
tacks made upon the Native American party, en-
tering into a general exposition and defence of the
  i  • .1 .
of nilemen, shall be selected from the regular line
of the United States army."
Mr. LEVIN moved the following amendment to
the amendment of Mr. Brinkerhoff:
" Proz-idcd, That the officers and ^oJdiers of said
regiment shall be Americans bv birth.
Mr. L. addiess-'d the committee during the al-
msttee; of wluch also at present we give the points
only.
The gentleman, he said, had totally mistaken
the foundation of this Government—-the Declara-
tion of Independence and the Constitution of the
United Slates. Here, in this American country,
where all were either foreigners or the descend
. . uuu,is UK- Hi- j) wuere mi wore cimer toreigners or the descend-
rmmr,K'5PPn,'i amrn(1rnp"1.. and  P°" h ™ts of foreigners, he camc to preach up the doc-
connected with the Aauve .American ques- j tnncs of Native Americanism. He had better go
I We are able at the present time to give a ; to the sava«cs and preach the doctrine of In-
only of his remarks. 1 I n,;. „„.i j ,
sketch on! v of his rcmar
l'hc necessity of such an amendment had been
forced upon him (lie said) by the repoit of the Ju-
diciary Committee. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted states givrs to Congress the power to pass a
uniform law of naturalization; but it was contended
by the ultra liberals that Congress possesses no
power respecting- the qualifications of voters, as
regulated by the States under their respective con-
stitutions and laws. It was contended that a wide
difference exists between the two powers, so that
the action of Congress never can interfere with the
legislation of the States. This was a novel and to
him a startling proposition. Could it be that this
Republic possesses no power of self-preservation
against the contaminating influence of an alien
vote? Mr. L. entered into a definition of some of
the elementary powers of government connected
with citizenship, and an exposition of his views of
their distribution between the Federal and State
Governments, contending that the power to pass
naturalization laws, given to Congress by the Con-
stitution, conferred the control of the right of suf- ,
frage and the right of eligibility to office, upon the !
finv/UM-invMlt t I. ."k :       ..I ••
dian rights in this country, and demand of us to
, prefer savagism to civilization. The gentleman
I had made a very eloquent speech. There were
• Uvo ideas in it; although Mr. D. knew that he be-
longed to the party which professed to have but
one idea.
In reply to the first point, of the power in Con-
gress, Mr. D. contended that the Constitution in
conferring upon Congress the power to pass uni-
form laws of naturalization, did not interfere with
the rights of the States in regulating suffrage, as
the two subjects were totally distinct from each
other.
The gentleman had also forgot one thing, namely,
that one great ground of complaint against the King
of Great Britain in the Declaration of Independence
"was, that he had obstructed emigration to this
country. Yet the gentleman was here to revive
the obsolete idea—more " obsolete" than that of a
Bank of the United States, in direct contravention
to this complaint of our forefathers
The next question was that of policy. Mr. D.
opposed on this ground the proposition of the g-en-
"W1" Ul CJI uJ,ll,y .LO ("nce, upon the ,\ tleman and his party to refuse to admit aliens to
General Government, to whom it was surrendered i: the rights of citizenship until they have been in
by tiio btates, as was conclusivelyjnoved by the !i this country twenty-one years. By so doing-, he
idet that Congress has, at various times, extended ij contended that we would parcel them off for twen-
and abridged the period of probation to foreigners; ij ty-one years, giving them no rights, and inciting-
and, as was confirmed by the uniform practice of. them to disturbance and combinations in order to
the States, with the exception of Michigan and !; gain the rights of freemen. The best way when
Illinois, whose right he denied to admit aliens to ;! they had left their own country and adopted this
vote upon a residence of six or twelve months, asas their home, with which they identified their
had been done by the latter State. He repelled the ;i feelings and interests, was to incorporate them as
American party, of |, speedily as could be into our family, as bone of
i*nn* l-*/"\v*r* ovirl ^1 ...... & ~ .1 ^ ^ . t._.
violation of the reserved rights of the States, and
contended that it was equally opposed to true State-
rights doctrines and to sound principle to encour-
age infringement on the part of the States on the
powers conferred upon the General Government,
or infringement by the General Government on the
OflWfiPfi rflWM'oil tsi *]>,->   rrtt   .•
i our bone and flesh of our flesh, and not to keep
j them a distinct class of proscribed men. He refer-
| red to the remvigorating influences of emigration
I upon the^ Roman repubhe, and maintained its ben-
! cficial eftects upon our own country, as acknowl-
vr ™iCACU ^veniiueiii on me ;[ edged and sustained by the Declaration of Inde-
the Nativp 4 ml!L?e ^ f{ foundatio  of j| pendence, as well as by the Constitution of the
the existing saidWas found m j! United States, directly contrary to both of which ;
g naturalization law, and their principles 11 were the gentleman's arguments. !
[Some conversation took place between Mr.
WOODWARD and Mr. DROMGOOLE, as to-
the power of the States to confer suffrage, and"®
upon other points.]
Mr. DROMGOOLE considered so clear the want
of power in Congress to interfere with the righf of
suffrage of the States, as to wonder that anybo'dy "
ever could have dreamed to the contrary. He re-?
ferred to a case which arose in the State of Illinois,:
in which the question had been settled by the Su-
preme Court of the United States. The power to
pass uniform naturalization law?, and regnlating
the right of suffrage, were entirely distinct—the
latter belonging to the States as clearly as the fori
mer to the General Government.
One fundamental contrast between the English
constitution and our own was, that, while they
discouraged and laid checks and restraints upon-
foreigners going there, we opened the door to them,
lie would like to have the gentleman [Mr. Lew] -
explain, if his principle had been adopted, how "
our revolutionary war ever would have been fought,;
and how we, any of us, would have become citi-
zens of this glorious Republic ?
Mr. LEVIN repeated what he had said, that
his principles were in accordance with the order
given by General Washington at Cambridge.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. Did General Washington
ever advocate the principle by which every alien
should be excluded from the army?
Further conversation took place on this point,
between Messrs. LEVIN, DROMGOOLE, and
CAMPBELL..
Mr. DROMGOOLE, resuming, said, all the
gentleman had read from Washington was a mere
letter admonitory to his officers to select men in
whom_ they could confide. This touched merely
the point of discretion with reference to the selec-
tion of worthy officers, and did not look to the en-
tire exclusion of foreigners. He alluded to the
valuable services rendered us by foreigners during
the revolutionary war, and mentioned in terms of
high encomium the names of Lafayette, Koscius-
ko, De Kalb, &c. Among all the foreigners who
had served in our army, who had come here to
make it their home, and identify their fortunes
with us, he defied them to point to one foreigner
who had proved a traitor. He could paint (and
he did it with sorrow) to the traitor of the Revo-
lution, and of the last war—Benedict Arnold, and .
Hull—both of whom were born in this country.
He said not that foreigners are more trust-worthy,
than natives; he maintained no such doctrine; i>ut
he said, let the disreetion of selection, -be left to
our commanders, both military and naval.
Some conversation passed between Mr. LEVIN
and Mr. DROMGOOLE, as to the place of- Ar-
nold's nativity, Mr. L. stating his impression that
he was an Englishman, and Mr. D. reading from
a biographical work, (to substantiate hrs previous
statement,) that he was born in Connecticut.
Mr. D. was proceeding in this conversation,
when his remains were terminated by the expira-
tion of his hour.
The committee, then rose and reported.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, .April 8, 1846.
Mr. BREESE presented the petition of Alexan-
der Wilson, of Broome county, Illinois, praying a
pension for services in the late war with Great
Britain; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. DIX presented two remonstrances of citi-
zens of New York against the renewal of a patent
heretofore granted to Jethro Wood; which were
laid on the table.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the petition of the
administrator of William Torrey, deceased, an
officer in the revolutionary war, praying to be al-
lowed commutation pay; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DICKINSON presented two remonstrances
of citizens of the State of New York, against the
renewal of a patent heretofore granted to Jethro
Wood; which were laid on the table.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a memorial of mer-
chants and others, citizens of Key West, Florida,
praying the establishment of a United States dis-
trict court at that place; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
