6S0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
ized all the increase of the army that was requisite
for a pear.e establishment. He understood that,
under a former law, the President had power to
convert at his discretion one or more of the present
regiments into riilemen or light infantry. If so,
the President already possessed ail the power pro-
posed by the former bill to raise two regiments,
fie (Mr. J.) would like to hear the opinion of the
gentleman from Aikansas [Mr. Yell] on this
subject.
Another reason why he (Mr. J.) preferred the
other bill was, that it did not bring into the army
any additional number of officers.
Mr. YELL (in answer to the invitation of Mr.
Jones, who now yielded the iloor for the purpose
of the explanation) was understood (though, from
his position only iitfully heard,) to advert to the
opinion he had a few days snicc expressed in fa-
vor of the bill of this House, to raise two regiments
of riflemen (not mourned) m preference to the bill
from the Senate to raise one uglment of ntlemcn
mounted. He still entertained the opinion that
the increase of the army bv these two remanents,
and by the addition, in the discretion of the Presi-
dent, of ten men to each company of the existing-
artillery, infantry, and diagoous, (as also proposed
in the bill of this House,) would, m tune of peace,
have been sufficient for all practical purposes. But
the House thought otherwise, and had passed a
fantry of them. What, then, was the proposition
in the bill? it was to increase the arm5^ by the
addition of one other regiment beyond the increase
which had been already authorized. And upon
what ground? That, 011 this particular service,
we must have hardy western pioueeis—hunters—
that the present army was of a class and character
of men unfit for the service. But what did this bill
propose? To enlist men, and 10 make them a com-
ponent part of the regular army also. He under-
stood something of western character; and he ap-
pealed to every member from that portion of the
Union to say, whether these hardy, independent,
liberty-lovm^ men would take the bounty proposed
by this bill.'' .No; if the bill was passed, men
would be enlisted of precisely the same character
as that now composing the rank and file oi the
army, whatever that might be. If the kind of
men indicated by gentlemen was desired, it would
be necessary to change the whole character of the
bill—to comert it into a bid authoiizmg '(he or-
ganization of a regiment of udunieers>, with power
to elect their own officers—to select them from the
ranks or otherwise, as ihey pleased, lhen would
there be something to stimulate their pride and
ambition.
Mr. HAWYliR desired to ask a question. The
gentleman suggested that the ofliccrs should be
taken from the rank and iile. Could this be done
bill, which, in point of fact, gave double the amount ij under the Constitution of the United States?
of increase contemplated by the original bill. He
still entertained the opinion that that bill contem-
plated an increase fully adequate to the protection
of the country; and he should not himself have de-
sired to vote for more. Uut living on the western
frontier, and being sustained, as lie knew h<- would
be, by the voice of his people, lie had voted for the
amended bill which gave double the mcicasc that
was asked for.
His own desire had been that two regiments of
riflemen should be laised in the western country,
composed of men who knew something of western
service; but as he could not get them, he would
just as soon take th« infantry now 111 .vnvicc, in-
stead of adopting the proposition of thr gentleman
fiom Ohio, [ATr. Uris1 kraihuff,] which proposed
to strike out the regiment of dragoons, and insert
one of riflemen.
It was true that the President was authorized,
under the existing law, to take the present regi
Mr. JONKS. My proposition-was,that instead
of raising n regiment of regulars, we shpuld au-
| thorize the raising of a regiment of volunteers for
! this Oregon M-rwce. They could then take their
] 0 face is from where they pleased; and, in his opin-
j ions the only way in which an American citizen
I should ever serve as a soldier was under this pro-
j vision, that he should elect his own officers,
i Mr. J. moved that the committee rise, with a
| view to the adoption of a resolution 111 the House
! terminating; the debate.
! Mr. MoCOiN jSKLL hoped the motion would not
! prevail.
! The question was taken, and the committee re-
; fused to use.
[ Mr. W. W. GAMPDELL then obtained the
! floor, and addressed the committee generally on the
! subject of Native Amcjican principles, and in vin-
! dicution of the course of that party.
Mr. C. yielded the floor for explanation or in-
ments of infantry and putriiles into their hands, or il quirv to Messrs. Ratiibi'N, Leake, and Wood.
.   t il- , . t ,,   1).- 4 .... II 4 1 . ~ . . i ' in' \ / i/ "  I I IJ r T 1/ l."1 -l'/-* 111   r^.rl 111 (llri c<o 1V1 !> tl'Q 1«
convert them into light-infantry. But still thoy
were nothing more than the same drunken foreign-
ers—Irish and Dutch—who, to save their bouls,
could not ride a horse halt'a mile. He piefeired
troops raised from the West, who knew something
about riding, about pursuing an enemy', and build-
ing a fort. Me did not say whether lie should vole
for aregimentof mounted men or not. lie thought,
however, he was ready to do so, inasmuch as it
had been recommended by the President, and in-
sisted 011 by the depaitment, as necessary to the
protection of the Oregon emigrants. But he be-
Mr. WOODRUFF followed 111 tiie same train of
argument, and replying to some of the positions
heretofote assumed'by Mr. Dromgoole.
j\Jr. W. bavin" made an allusion to theinfluence
of the foreign vote, m Illinois, upon the decision of
the late PicKidentul canvass—
JVt r. McCLKRNAN D rose and asked the gentle-
man from New York for permission to explain.
And consent being given, Mr. McC. said that he
had undeistood the gentleman to say in effect that
the electoral vole of the State of Illinois had been
"iven to Mr. Polk in the late Presidential election
lieved that wo have enough, and that the better ij "n consequence of the foreign vote, so called, oi
plan would be to mount a portion of tho^ now in 1! that State
the service. We had already two of (he finest cav- (
airy regiments m the woild—the fiii-t and second |j
dragoons. And he thought that the amendment !|
of the gentleman from Ohio, to raise one regiment 11
of riilemen, amounted to nothing; because, under /
the act of 1813, the President liad the power to
make riflemen to-monow. !
Mr. Y., in the course of these remarks, yielded
thf, floor, for purposes of explanation, to Messrs. !
BRINKEIIHOFP, STANTON, .TEE FER&OJX .
DAVIS, RATHBUN, and MeCON'AELL, |
Mr. HARALSON read the section of the act re-
ferred to, (remarking that it did not give the Presi- i
dent the power to raise the khul of force tequired j
for this service,) and which is in the following i
words:
Mr. WOODRUFF said that he believed the
Whigs had attributed the vote of that State to that
cause.
Mr. McCLBRNAND said the gentleman was
not male rial ly misundei stood by him. He desired
to say that it was the democratic masses of Illinois
who gave the vote of Illinois to Mr. Polk. The
vote m his favor reached the preeminent majority
of about thirteen thousand, and was made up, no
doubt, of natives and ioreigners, but principally of
native born voters. If the foreign vote united, it
only added another pi oof of their sagacity and pa-
triotism. .
Mr, CIIIPMAN obtained the floor, and yielded
to—
Mr. ST. JOHN, who gave notice of the follow-
'"'./hid be it further enacted, That the President ' ing amendment:
shall be, and he is hereby, authorized, whenever ! " Strike out ' 3"-'0,' and insert' 640' in lieu there-
he may deem the same expedient, to cause not : of; and add, after the wolds, 'head of a family,'
exceeding two of the regiments of mlantry to be ! the words, ' and IbO acres to each other male per-
armed and equipped, and to serve as a regiment of ■ son of such family." "
riflemen, and one other of the regiments of infan- Mr. CHIPMAN resumed, and proceeded at
try to be armed and equipped, and to ser\e as a I' length in reply to Mr.Levin,and other gentlemen
regiment of light infantry." !J who had spoken upon that side of the question, to
Mr. G. "W. .TONES then continued. Pie was : give his views of the Native American question,
(he was understood to say) correct in the opinion |; tracing the history of that party from its inception
he had formed, pie had not understood the law to the present, and condemning their objects—the
as authorizing the President to mount any portion j! extension of the period of probation to Ioreigners
of the infantry, but to make liflcmen ana light in- l) to twenty-one years—as the most dangerous, the
most fertile of evils, and the most ruinous propo-
sition that was ever advanced pn this floor. He 1
deprecated in strong terms the efforts of the advo-
cates of this cause, like those of the kindred meas-
ure of abolitionism, to mix them up respBcfeely
with every question, of whatever nature that was
Brought before the consideration of this House;
He defended the character, in every respect, of the
o-reat mass of the foreign population, who ibave
come to identify themselves with as, and make
this their home, and condemned, in every pointof
view, the proposition to deprive them of the ines-
timable privileges of citizenship for twenty-one
years, which would be for the whole life of many
of them after they arrive on our shores.
Mr. C. concluded with a few remarks upon the
merits of the bill. He wanted to see this regiment
raised. He wanted to see it mounted, to extend
its aid, and be a controlling force from one station
to another on tlie route to Oregon, to keep back
and hold in check the Indians, and afford protec-
tion and security to our emigrants.
As a matter of economy, he wanted the-whole
or a portion of them, as might be neccuwary, mount-
ed , to save this Government §20,000 a year in the
transporting the United States mail to American
citizens %vlio have gone thither to open, tip a new
empire of soil and of riches to this Republic. He
wanted the present oppressive system.of taxation
abolished and brought down to the revenue stand-
ard,, and then he wanted all proper economy ob-
served in the expenditures of the Government; but
if the present system were continued, which would
raise some thirty or forty millions by the taxation
of one portion of the community for the benefit of
another, if there could be devised any system of
distribution—any system by which it should be
drawn out of the treasury, and carried bairk- to the
pockets of the people thus oppressed, he would go
for it; but when we came down to the revenue
standard of duties, he would go as far as he who
went farthest, to regulate ami confine the public
expenditures within-" the smallest limits possible,
consistently with the character, dignity, obliga-
tions, and efficiency of this Government.
Mr- McCONNELL observing that he had not
risen for the purpose of making a speech—that was
wholly out of his line of business—but to make a
few common-sense remarks, proceeded to say he
was opposed to the bill toto ccelo as it came from
the Senate, on the ground of its inefficiency, and
total inadequacy to answer the ends proposed by
it; and he was most emphatically, strenuously,
and dogmatically adverse to it, in case the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Le vin] was adopted. The instructions and indoc-
trinations of his early'life, the teachings of the
blessed Constitution itself had long, since brought
him to believe ill an equality of rights, and pro-
scription to none, and that it would be recreant to
every principle, stained with the blood of our rev-
olutionary sires, to deny the honest foreigner, who
seeks an asylum on our shores, and a home in this
land of freedom, the privileges of citizenship, and
of taking up arms in defence of the country of
their adoption for twenty-one years. It would be
in contravention, and utter upturning of the spirit
I of the Constitution itself, as well as the uniform
! course of legislation under it. He uttered his most
; emphatic protest against the going back, and un-
doing all the legislation of sixty years past for the
purpose of gratifying a little faction of individuals
that love place better than principle; and to appease
whom they would have to destroy our present Con-
stitution, and form a new one, to satisfy the con-
sciences of these gentlemen, if, indeed, they had
any consciences, which he held to be an open ques-
tion. He warmly defended the foreigners of the
country, declaring himself to be an Irishman, and
condemning, in unqualified terms, the attacks and
slanders upon them by those who disparaged their
intelligence, their subordination to law, and their
morality, and would seek to make them a marked
and proscribed class. -He briefly'touched. upoa
and replied to many other remarks which had fall-
en from the advocates of the Native American
cause m this debate.
Mr. HOPKINS gave notice of an amendment
he intended to offer when in order; and lest there
should be allowed no opportunity hereafter,, he
wished to say a few woids in explanation^? it.
The amendment is as follows: .-
" Be it further enacted, That a post-route^be es-
tablished from Fort Leavenworth via Grand Wand,
