1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
on the Platte river; Fort Larimee, the south pass
of the Rocky Mountains; Fort Hall, Fort Boise,
Fort Wallawalla, and Oregon city, on the Willa-
mette river, to, Astoria, at the mouth of the Colum-
bia, on^the Pacific ocean.
'' Jind be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Postmaster General to cause the United
States mails to be transported on the said route
from Fort Leavenworth to Astoria and back at
least once a month, by such means of conveyance
as he may deem most advantageous to the' public
service, and on the best terms that can be obtained
by contract in the mode now provided by law for
the transportation of the United States mail: Pro-
vided, That if, in the opinion of the President of
the United States, it be expedient to causc the mail
on the route aforesaid to be carried by detachments
of mounted men in the service of the u nited States,
he may order the said mail to be carried in that
way, instead of having it transported by contract,
as above provided."
It would be seen (continued Mr. H.) from the
reading of the latter part of that amendment, that
it proposed to incorporate into this bill a provision
for the establishment of a post-route from Fort
Leavenworth to the mouth of the Columbia river,
and to connect it with the regiment proposed by
this bill, if the President of the United Suites should
deem it proper. It was proposed to assign a limited
force—a mounted force—to the line of emigration
along which it is desirable to transport the mail of
the United States, There was therefore nothing
inconsistent in this amendment with the duties
they would bo required to perform in protecting the
emigrants alony toe whole extent of the route, from
Fort Leavenworth on the wcsiern border of Mis-
souri to the mouth of Columbia river. We luive
now, it in admitted by all, some ei^ht or ten thou-
sand ofAmerieiui population in Oregon. To them
we osve protection not only, butwc owe to tliem the
privileges and benefitswhic.il, under the adminis-
tration of our Government, are conferred upon
American citizens throughout our entire territory. :
At present they weie left in their distant homes ;
entirely demived of any u-^ular mail communirn- j
tioil with their friends, and the region of country j
they had left behind; sya<4',<j,lerH occasionally return,
it is true, but they form no senility to the emi- 1
grants who remain, that any intelligence they may
desire to transmit will ever reach its place of desti-
nation. These additional services would he de-
volved upon these mounted men without involving
any additional expense to the Government, ll had
that merit which lie hoped would recommend it to
the favorable consideration of the committee, and
to its adoption; for while tho country continues as
at present, (and a large portion of it midit be ex-
pected to remain for a long^ time uninhabited,) in-
fested with roving bands of wild savages, no eon-
tract would be likely to be made, under the ordi-
nary law, for the transportation of the mad of the
United States, without a large additional expendi-
ture for a military guard which would be alwo-
\tttely necessary to accompany it. It seemed to
him, therefore, peculiarly proper that the provis-
ion contained in the latter clause of the amendment
should bo adopted,and thatthis regiment of mount-
ed men, (in his judgment wholly inadequate to an-
swer tho end,) so far as it can afford protection to
emigrants along the line, should also afford pro-
tection to the public mails; for while it did not con-
stitute a force large enough, (which was his only
objection to it,) still, as far as it went, it would ac-
complish both purposes, and the necessity for both
seemed most obvious. Ho referred to the narra-
tive of Captain Fremont, mid to an account he had
recently seen in the papers, of the attack and rob-
bery, by Indians, of a return trading party from
Santa Fe, showing the dangers of travel m that
direction, and said that the necessity for this pro-
tection was, he believed, universally admitted; the
only question was as to the best mode in which it
could be afforded. It seemed to him that this bill
proposed the only protection which was safe and
practicable, and he regretted that it did not raise a
larger force for this purpose. He considered the
amendment an important one, and that its import-
ance would be diminished by no settlement we may
make of the Oregon question. Some eight or ten
thousand of our citizens (as he had already stated)
were already in that territory. It was necessary
for them But it would also be found the shortest
and most direct route from the northern cities to
ships in the Pacific, a large number ot whom would
be found at the mouth of the Columbia river;
and communications would be conveycd in this
way to them in n much shorter time than was
possible to be done by the irregular, uncertain
conveyances around the Cape. It was necessary,
therefore, for our citizens engaged in that trade.
It would also be tho shortest and most direct
route to China, and would doubtless, in the
co\irse of time, become the route from Europe to
China. A mail must be established at no distant
day, and he was happy that this opportunity was
offered to the Government to establish and put it in
operation without any additional expense, whereas
under the ordinary method of contract for trans-
jxntation, a heavy expenditure would necessarily
be incurred. Bui thi* much was due to the citi-
zens of Oregon alone, and he would not, oonsider-
their remote situation and their utter destitu-
ready for action, which could be accomplished
alone by passing this bill into a law without delay .
This was the only way of raising a proper mili-
tary force for this servicer let the officers of this
regiment—the company officers—go into the west-
ern country to enlist the men to serve under them,
where there are men competent to ride, hunt, and
acquainted with the dangers and hardships of the
service to be found; and with the state of feeling
that now exists, let it be known that the regiment
was intended expressly for this Oregon route, and
there would be no difficulty whatever in finding
sufficient recruits, which difficulty would exist, to
some extent, in recruiting for the army generally.
As to taking for this service a portion of each
company as it now exists, all must be aware that
it could not be accomplished. A man would object
to being transferred, if he was eminent in his regi-
ment; and such men only would answer for this
strvice.
Again: it would be extracting from every com-
tion of mail facilities, stop un account of expense.
if additional expanse were necessary; but, happily
in this way, it might be entirely avoided. 0 j
Mr. J. DAVIS -said, with no unfriendliness to h pany the picked men of the company, and leaving
the object of the gentleman from Virginia; (for he ij the rest scaicely Jit for the scrvice in which they
thought it wan one of the great objects to be ac- were now employed.
compii.shed in connexion with Oregon—the cstah- ij They had constantly heard about the ability of
bailment of a regular mull to that territory,) he :! the President tn mount a regiment for this particu-
must object to tho gentleman** amendment, and be 'i lar service. The President had no such power,
hoped no amendment would be incorporated into j> unless they save it lo him bylaw. There was no
the hill, immediate a,-Him was essentially neces- regiment of infantry not now employed; and we
sary; any amendment which sent tins bill back to knew not how soon we might be called to increase
the Senate, would produce such delay as would t<
almost defeat the object of the bill.
Mr. HOPKINS iMr. iA yu'lumv; for cxplana- ij
tion) said, the umendnu nt which lie had sent to i
the Chair wwa not lil;<ly to inlay the final action
of (Jon^re.-.* upon tins subject, ft was an amend- j'
ment in direct conformity wii'i the bill already^re- 1
polled lo the Senate by t!,e Committee on thePuxt 11
Office ami Post Roads of thai body, which was
, likely to me* t with favorable consideration there.
| The hill of the Snute dim red from this amend- 1
I ment only in this, that ii pioposcd to give to tho
: President of the United Suite* the power to have. ■
thm mad tn>imported to Oh-it'-ii by detachments
from the army of the United States, while his
' amendment was specific in its provi.sinns, and re-
1 ferred directly to the retina nt they were about to
' raise by tins bill—u regiment assigned to this par-
. ticular line. His amendment, therefore, had that
! peculiar merit over the bill of the Senate, and
I would doubikjix he conenmd in in that body
' without de|n\.
1 Mr. OAViS resume;!. The bill, ns it was now
I before them, (he mud,) had passed the Senate. To
attach any amendment
delay of sending it hue
immediately upon a, it might not be so objection- j; pass it without delay.'
our army now in Texas.
As to expense, he considered that it was usually
much over estimated. While m service on this
route, the men would nearly support themselves
upon game, and their horses would subsist on the
grass at their fe.-t. It was nnJy when they re-
turned to garrison to be recruited, that the ex-
: penses for forage, &c., were incurred to any great
exn-iit.
1 le touched upon the qucMion of nativeism, op-
' posing the amendment ot Mr. Levin*, and arguing
while the West was principally to be relied on to
- furnish the men and officers, fitted by education and
' experience for this peculiar service, that the dis-
cretion should be left to select from among foreign-
, ers, as well as eh-ewhere, those who were best
I qualified, lie ,spoke in high terms of the value
j and efficiency of service of many foreigners, and
I instanced the case of an Englishman, (of whom he
• gave some anecdote,) who was the best dragoon ho
h hud ever seen.
if He concluded by appealing to his western friends,
j! especially, who knew the necessity of this bill, and
1 that the force proposed under it should be raised
certainly would beget the ij and ready for service by the 20th May, to reject
.•k; if the Senate would act j| amendments, which would embarrass the bill, and
able; hut they were now so involved in the discus- j;
j sion vvhuh was now occupying their attention, f
and ovcr-ralimr everything else, that there was no j:
certainty when it would be nached, if sent back !;
there again. !
i Again, he held that th/rc could he no necessity j1
of giving in the law authority to tho President of jj
; the United States to direct that these troops shall ;j at the proper time, to take the officers of this regi-
* escort the nuul. since he had that authority now j ment from the regular army. Upon that branch
! over every existing regiment in the army. jj of the subject he intended to say a few words, and
i Mr. 1 IOPK.1NS (Mr, D. again yielding for ex- || he would say at the outset, that, should a propo-
\ planauon) Mated that, without this amendment, j! sition of this kind be adopted or engrafted upon
! there was no law authori/.ing the establishment of ;| this bill, he should vote against it without any
Mr. SAWYER next obtained the floor. He
intended (he said) to occupy the attention of the
House but a very few minutes. There was only
one brunch of the subject on which he intended to
.say anything. He discovered that a gentleman
from New York [Mr. White) had given notice
that he would introduce an amendment to this bill
a post office in Oregon; thete was no law author- i
nun" the President of the United States to send the i
mail of the United States to Oregon; nnd any mail
sent there would have to be entrusted to somebody
or other whose duty it was not made by law to dis-
tribute it. and it would he equal or worse than no
mail at all. It would he better to put the whole
i hesitation whatever, for reasons which he would
,J give, and which were to his mind sufficient. And
Ij now he undertook to say that vou can enlist no
|j man into that service from the \Vest, to be gov-
>! erned by any man taken from the regular army;
j| if he was to be a man taken from West Point or
|i elsewhere, and not familiar with the peculiar na-
lino under the direction of tho general post office !j ture of this service, there were very few of his
law and the Postmaster Ucnerah And he under- ii western friends who would join him; he did not
stood that the President, though he had not con-
versed with him on the subject, wus exceedingly j
anxious to have this provision incorporated in the j
bill, that he might send the mail to Oregon.
After some further conversation on this point
between these two gentlemen,
Mr. DAVIS resumed. He attached much weight,
(he said,) as a friend of the Administration, to its
recommendations, when they came before Congress
in a proper form; and he considered the providing
facilities for the transportation of this mail highly
important, hut he considered this regiment still
more important. By the 20th of next month, the
emigration would commence. Then it was neces-
sary that this regiment should be organized and
wish any of his friends to go into that service.
He had heard an objection made by the gentle-
( man from Indiana [Mr. McGatoghk*] when the bill
11 to raise two regiments was under consideration;
' and it was saici by the gentleman that this bill
would furnish very convenient places for certain
members of Congress who were to lose their seats
here in consequence of gerrymandering in their
respective States and of other causes, and that this
bill was got up for the purpose of making places
for them. He did not know how the gentleman
arrived at his conclusion. So far as his statement,
with reference to gerrymandering was concerned
the gentleman was well answered at the time.
Upon the other branch of the subject he wished to
