634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
or anything emanating from an English mind,
which gave so colorable a title to Great Britain as
what they had heard on that floor? He did not
say Senators had transcended what they believed
their duty in that particular; he did not say they
had done that which they had no right to do; but
he would say the elTect of such a proceeding—of
such a protected, hesitating,faltering course, was
to encourage Great Britain to claim beyond that
which she otherwise should claim, and to fall on
the dernier resort.
He was not going to renew the Oregon discus-
sion on that motion. He had said yesterday, what
ail knew, that arguments had been used there, and
repeated over and over again, to the disparagement
of our title to a part of that territory—arguments
which they were told by some Senators they would
not utter, pending a negotiation, were their tongues
to blister in their mouths. The Senator wjv* there-
fore wrong 111 saying that he (Mr. A.) intended to :
attack the Senate for what it did. But he was
bound, in justice and truth itself, to expiess his
opinion as to the effect of what had been done
there. How could they legislate otherwise ? Ought
not the effect of their actions to be the very rule
of their action? Ought they not to look to the |
effect of what they did as the test to show whether |
they should do it or not? There was no other test !
ill legislation but the effect of their measuK^. !
Now, as to the Ashburton treaty, he would not '
make allusion to it then, because the Senator from ;
Massachusetts had made no especial reference to i
him which called for a reply; but at another time j
would do so, if necessary. He did not intend to j
force discussion, but would take it up m the natural !
order of things. Every one knew the reason of his ;
introduction of that treaty into the debate was to j
illustiate the position that Great Britain had always |
a .specitic objcct m her policy with all mankind, ;
but especially with the United States, and that was, ;
to settle one cause of quariel at a time, keeping
o\er the others to periods most auspicious i'orher- !
self, and he had leferred to the eo>rea.pondence ;
quoted to show that that was her policy now; but '
he did not go into the details of the treaty. lie !
knew that would be wading into a broad bog, and :
opening a discussion that might keep them for the '
balance of the session of Congress. He knew j
many grave matters were involved, and that it u as j
impossible to introduce then discussion then with j
a due regard to the public inteiosts. In regard to J
thai ticaty and negotiation, he made no tin cats in !
regaid to the futme, nor should he be palsied by j
any lciruuks made by others. He would pioeced,
on"a proper occasion, whenever it arose in thedis- !
charge of his public duty, to examine that ticaty 1
in all its details, and the circumstances attending j
its negotiation. _ [
Mr! CLAYTON here rose to reply, and inquired
whether the Senator from Ohio had acknowledged
his speech as reported m ihe newspapeis?
3YI r. ALLEN i eplied he had icfcrrcd to the Union
repoi t, but, from its general accuracy, he did not j
doubt it was accurately reported in the Intelligen- ''
cer.
Mr. CLAYTON said the remarks of the Senator
were very correctly reported in the Union also.
He then read an extract of the speech of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, comprising his strictures on the
Senate, and proceeded. Itwas, he said,to that he jj
had referred. His (Mr. 0. s) object was beibie, jj
mid now, to vindicate the Senate. The Senator ,j
from Ohio now said it was not the intention of the ::
Senate to paialyze the arm of the Executive; he ij
did not assail their motives; but he said it was the J
effect of some portion of the debates there, without jj
the Senate intending to effect such an object, and ji
that portion was the discussion of the title by those jj
who believed we had no good title beyond 49 |i
degrees. He was not one of those who had dis-
cussed the question of title at all. Early in the
session he had given it as his opinion that it would ji
be better to reserve the discussion of title until a ji
treaty was presented to the Senate. But those i;
who had chosen to discuss that question, were cer-
tainly provoked to it by those who entertained a
difieient opinion, and who attempted to show our j
title good beyond 49°. The discussion had not1;
commenced with those who believed our title be- j!
yond 49° defective; they did so in self-defence, and ,j
from a sense of duty. He had no desire to im- ji
peach the intention of gentlemen there, but he ij
would ask if the claim of our Government to 54° jj
40' were sustained there, would it not have the ten- t!
dency to paralyze the arm of the Executive Gov-
ernment ? He would leave it to the country to
answer that question.
Mr. CALHOUN asked for the reading of the
resolution. The resolution having been read, Mr.
C. said, that he felt some embarrassment in saying
anything on the question before the Senate; and
the reason was, that the matter came before them
in a double aspect. In one aspect it was the case
of a negotiation which had failed, and in which
they were called upon to perform certain acts. In
another aspect, it was the case of a pending nego-
tiation. It was not easy to imagine two cases which
demanded more directly opposite action. If the
negotiation were still pending, in his opinion, there
might be a question as to the propriety of the reso-
lution; but if the negotiation were finished, the
Senate, being called on to determine if certain acts
should be done or omitted, itwas desirable to have
all the information that could possibly be obtained.
The only question was, which was the stronger of
the two cases.
Now, then, such being the state of the business,
as he relied upon the discretion of the Executive,
and believed that he had too much firmness, in
case of a pending negotiation, to communicate any-
thing injuriously affecting the question; and if there
was any information that might with propriety be
communicated, ha\mg a bearing either upon the
notice or the measures which they had been called
upon to perform by the Executive Department, it
wa>s pinper ihai they should have before them all
which the Pi evident might deem it proper to con-
municate. In that view of the case, with all def-
eienee to the Executive, and without intending to
cause him any embarrassment, he (Mr. G.) felt
himself compelled to vote m favor of the call. But
that was not the only question. The chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations had used lan-
guage certainly in its bearing—if not intended—
calculated to press upon the character of the Sen-
ate and the course they hnd pursued on the ques-
tion of the notice. J Je [Mr. Allen] complained
that they had made out a stronger case for the Brit-
ish than the British had made out for themselves.
He (Mr. C.) appealed to every member of the Sen-
ate and the whole country, whether, when they
weie called upon to perfoiman act which might
nivohe peace or war—and that certainly was die
aspect of the notice at the commencement of the
session, and that might still be one of the results
of the measure—whether, as patriots, as honest
men, they were not bound to go into the question
of title, and tell the people of the United States
precisely the nature of the title? They were bound
to do so: for he held to the truth of the maxim
which declared, " demand nothing that is not right,
and submit to nothing that is wrong." And lie
was disposed to modify the maxim, so as to make
it lead, " demand notions: which we ai'enot certain
is light.*' That was a maxim of whose wisdom
and justice the people of the United States were
well convinced, and if ever it was violated by them,
it would be because they did not understand the
facts and true state of the case. The Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] and other gentlemen who
thought with him, assumed that the United States
title extended to 54° 40'—that it was good—and on
that ground alone they justified the notice. He I
knew that that Senator, and those who thought '
Willi him, occupied a position which, always be-
fore the eyes of the American people, was a very
desirable one, appearing to advocate the opinion
of the country, tr was an agreeable position; but
what was the position of those who did not think
that, the title of the United States was indisputable ?
Were they to sit still and say nothing, and give a
vote against the notice with the declaration there
that the title of the United States went to 54° 40' ?
That was the true state of the case. In point of
fact, this question had been biought before the two
houses of Congress before negotiations had been
finally concluded. He blamed not the Executive
for that—-he censured nobody; but he simply stated
facts, for the purpose of doing justice to Senators
who thought with himself.
He had heard a great deal about " paralyzing
the power of the Executive," and heard a great
deal about "want of unanimity," and " want of
nerve.'1 Did not all that grow out of the state of
things he had mentioned' Did not everybody
knuw that if the notice had been simply proposed
as on abstract thing, there would be no cause of
difference of opinion? But they had been obliged
to look beyond that, to see what it would lead to;
and believing that the notice, without compromise,,
I would be war, how could they agree with those
!j who, believing it to be so, were yet willing to give
it, and go to war? Why he, and those who
thought with him, had just as much reason to com-
plain of " want of unanimity." He might go on,
and state point after point, and he ventured to say
that every Senator felt the same embarrassment that
he did. It was an awfulposition. It was exceed*
ingly unfortunate that any circumstances should
have induced the President to bring the matter be-
' fore them before its conclusion. Every one who
I had anything to do with the control of theforeign
! affairs of the country must feel and lament it. If,
j therefore, he, or any other, had been constrained
| to say anything in disparagement of the title Ss-
! sumed, itwas only said in justice to themselves.
As to the time which the debate had occupied, he
had taken his portion of it, and so had others taken
theirs. But he must say that the time thus occu-
pied by the debate had been very far from being
misapplied. He believed that it had produced a
most extraordinary " unanimity" as to the great
point, and the only point, on which the question
could be settled—that was an adjustment of the
conti oversy between the two countries on the paral-
lel of 49°. If the question was to end by negotia-
tion, it must end there; and the strong conviction
expressed of the truth of that opinion expressed by
members of the Senate on all sides, members dif-
fering on almost every point except that, had, in
his opinion, laid the foundation of an adjustment
of the question in that manner. He felt every hope-
that such a "unanimity" had been produced m
the Senate and in the country, as would lead to
that peaceful and honorable settlement of the ques-
tion.
Mr. ALLEN again rose and said: It would not
be right any longer to acquiesce in statements so
repeatedly made in that Chamber, that the discus-
sion, or anything else, had produced "unanimity"
there in favor of a suriender of one-half of the Ore-
gon territory. He did not know what some gen-
tlemen meant by "unanimity." But he thought
that when the time of taking the vote on the ques-
tion came, it would be found that a majority of
those who came there as Democrats were decidedly
opposed to any 44 unanimity," such as that just
described. He was aware that there was one way
of affecting public sentiment, and of producing aii
effect abroad, and that was, to assume that the
| thing was all done—all fixed—all agreed upon,
; and that the people had no remedy but to acquiesce
j in what was done there. What evidence, he should -
, like to know, had the Senator of that ** unanimity
of which he spoke ? Who authorized him to rise
there and say that there was unanimity in the
Senate upon the point of ceding one-half of that
! territory to Great Britain? It was of just such
speeches as that that he (Mr. A.) complained, a 
being calculated to paralyze the efforts of the Gov-
ernment to extend the jurisdiction commensurate
with their claim; and, now whilst he was up, as a
part and parcel of that unanimity spoken of, and
in answer to the allegation of its existence there,
he would desire to say a word or two on certain
points.
He spoke not of men there or in the House of
Representatives. The course of individuals was
their own, and with it he had no right to meddle,
whatever it might be. He should speak of bodies—-
I constitutional bodies—acting organically as bod-
I ies—of Senates by their majorities, of Houses of
I Representatives by their majorities, without ques-
| tioning the propriety of the conduct of any one
I of the members of the wisdom of his course,
j That was not his business. A great effort had
: been made there, and repeated as often as a steam-
i er arrived, to produce the impression that there
was but a small body of men left—an humble,
powerless body, standing on the Russian line-
that they had departed from the whole body of
their fellow-citizens, and gone on a kind of cru-
sade, like a struggling band of Indians, and taken
their position without company in the cold latitude
j of 54° 40'. That had been the impression sought
| to be produced, and also that this thing was of re-
cent origin. It was well for truth that there were
some things less perishable than the perishable
stuff of which human memory was made. It was
; well for truth, that its memorials could be multi-
; plied as often as the press-screw could be turned,
i and that those memorials could be disseminated
