688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
I believe—honorable Senators of the Republican
party, vied with each other in heaping praise upon
him.
I regret, therefore, if this assault was to be made
upon that Administration, after it had gone out of
power, after it had been sufficiently condemned,
as it seemed to him—if such an attack was to be
made, he thought it should not have come from
his honorable colleague.
One remark, now that he was upon the floor,
in reference to the resolution of his honorable I;
friend from Pennsylvania, and lie should not have '
troubled the House, had lie not been called up by ;
the remarks of his colleague. He participated
with the gentleman from North Carolina in the i
difficulties in reference to these resolutions. Ile
did not believe this House had the right to call !
upon the President of the United States to disclose
the disposition which had been made of the secret
service fund. ;
Mr. C. J. INOrERSOLL interposed, and sairl,
lie called for the disclosure of no duty, but he
called for the detection of an abuse and neglect of
duty. And let him add to the gentleman fiom
Vuginia, tbaf he would be satisfied, if he (Mr. 1.) ,
mistook not, if he suffered this inquiry to bp con- ;
stimulated, that one of the reasons why Mr. Ty- '
ler discharged Mr. Webster (and he had infinite ;
difficulty m getting rid of him) was this very
service.
Mr. BAYLY resuming', said if the gentleman
would so modify his resolution as to give it refer- j
once to a corrupt use of money, not contemplated |
by the law creating the fund, or the use of it foi j
the eoiruption of the press of this country—if he
-"•nuld so confine his resolution as only to refer to
the improper use of that secret-service fund within
the United States'—he did not know that he would
obiect to it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is all it is.
Mr. BAYLY. Uut the resolution is too broad;
it is drawn in too general terms; and the House has
no right to call upon the President, in the general
teims proposed, fur infoimation as to how the
secret-service fund has been expended. In this
Government, and in other Governments, the secret-
service fund is conferred expressly for secret pui-
poses. That is its design; a means of conduct-
ing negotiations, which the corruptions of the
Old World, and, lie might also add, of the New
World, to some extent, require; a means which
the President must have for success. V. hy,
very often you can only get important informa-
tion by the i^ciet use of money; }ou can only
subsidize spies by money, and the only wny the
Government can secure, success, is, to give the in-
dividuals employed the most reliable assurance
that their transactions would be forever veiled
from siiiht. Let the mode in which this secret-ser-
vice fund is expended be disclosed to the world, and
you will find no Minister hereafter, no Government
a.,'ent, successful in the use of it. He did not pretend
to know that any portion of it has thus_ been used
in this instance. But suppose a portion of this
secret-service fund had been used in securing the
services of some foreign subject.' you disclose the
fact, and his head pays the forfeit, and there stands
the warning to all others in all future time. He
doubted exceedingly, if it were put to him now to
pass the law which was passed almost coeval with
:u - rir T'ovnr>i< nt. firftciiiif the se-
thc existence of this Government, erecting the se-
cret-service fund; he doubted whether he should I
vote for it. His impression was, he would not |
vote for it. It is following an example of other !
Governments, which was thought necessary, but |
which he considered of exceedingly doubtful mo- j
priety. He doubted whether a Republican Gov- ;
eminent like ours, whose foundation rests upon the 1
virtue of its citizens, and. of which, publicity in all ,
itn tiansactions is a characteristic—-even at the sac-
rifice of Rome facilities in conducting our foreign
relations—ou°"ht ever to have instituted such a 1
fund. But they have done it. It has been ex- ||
pended as a secret-service fund*, and it would, be
perfidious now in this Govo^pment; it would be a ■;
breach of faith, to publish to the world the uses j:
that have been made of that fund. It it should ;
turn out, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania sup- ■
posed, that Mr."Webster had applied any portion i
of this fund to private use, to the corruption of _
public editors, he (Mr. B.) should say it was a use ,
of a public fund that never could have been antici- ;
pated by the Government when it established this |
fund, and the exposure, in this instance, would be i
j but a poor compensation for the injuries we should
j do. Did anybody believe that the thing could oc-
j cur hereafter? Surely not. Then to expose Mr.
I Webster—you can do no more—you invade invio-
| lable secrecy, and destroy the character of the fund,
i and all chance of its usefulness hereafter,
i Mr. INGERSOLL again interposed, and (Mr.
j B. yielding the floor) said he did not understand
! that this fund was ever applied to what the gentle-
; man called corruption. It was no such thing; the
; gentleman totally misconceived the matter. He
I (Mr. I.) had had considerable acquaintance with
! the seciet movements of this Government under
; two or three Administrations. He did not know
| of it; he did not believe it; he thought the gcntle-
i man had totally mistaken the matter, and his whole
; argument was based not only upon a mistake, but
j upon an imputation on his own Government which
he could not sit still and not deny.
Mr. BAYLY (resuming) admitted that he was
speaking on tins subject without any special ex-
amination. ile had not anticipated this debate; he
could not anticipate it; he had not examined the
laws on this subject; therefore he did not pretend
i to speak with cxact precision; but he did know the
!. general character of that fund; he knew that it was
given to the President for secret purposes; lie did
; not caie whether for purposes of corruption or
j. otherwise: be knew in former Administrations this
j. see ret fund had been freely used in our foreign ne-
gotiaiions. How used, no one but the President
ii for the time being knew or could know. Perhaps
;| he was mistaken m supposing that H was for cor-
ruptton; he hoped he Mas. But would it alter the
case? If it was given for any other secret purpose
' than that of corruption, was it proper that it should
be disclosed ? The disclosure of this now would
pre\ent the successful use of the secret-service
! fund forever hereafter.
' Air. IJNGER&OLL here said a word which was
entirely Inst to the reporter.
]■ Uut (continued Mr. J .) he did not wish to be
II divei ted from the point he was aiming at. He did
;i not understand precisely the object ol these resolu-
II lions. Have they designed to lay the foundation
J| of the impeachment of the Secretary of State? He
!' is out of office.
/ Mr. INGERSOLL. What if he is?
; Mr. BAYLY. 1 appeal to the gentleman from
'j Pennsylvania, as a good lawyer, whether you can
' impeach a public officer after he is out of office? It
i is the officer you impeach; not the man. I would
i1 like to know how you can impeach an officer, when
! he is 110 longci an officer? The Constitution only
!' authorizes the impeachment of "officers" of the
i1 United States. Would you impeach him as a
j Senator for acts when he was Secretary of State r
I Would the gentleman from Pennsylvania tell him
; that? Mr. B. would not undertake to put his
i learning in opposition to that of the distinguished
: gentleman; but he was willing to hazard his opin-
ion that you cannot impeach him. This House
I cannot impeach a Senator.. The Senate of the
1 United States may expel him; but I have yet to
i learn that this House can biing articles of im-
' peachment against a Senator, not because of acts
; done by him as Senator, but as Secretary of State;
besides, a Senator is not " an officer of the United
States." He is the officer of the State he repre-
' sents. If, therefore, the resolutions arc moved as
, a foundation of impeachment, I say the House
I ought not to pass it. But if they are moved with
a view of getting hold of the evidence of the man-
1 ner in which this secret-service fund has been
!; managed, with a view to an impeachment, X do
I humbly think another mode of proceeding ought to
1 be instituted. Appoint a committee to inquire into
' the manner in which this fund has been employed,
' and let this committee, in which this House can con-
' fide—among whom I should like to see the gentle-
:■ man from Pennsylvania—ascertain the use to which
!' this fund has been applied; but it seems to me it
j; is going too far that this information should be
|[ precipitately, hastily laid before the public, when
it is not even known it will amount to anything,
i; if 1 heard the resolutions read, they are not even
' guarded in the usual way, by asking that the in-
! formation be communicated " if not incompatible
i with the public interests."
Mr. INGERSOLL. They ask the President
impossible that this House ean pass these' res-
olutions. You call upon the Secretary of State,
directly, requiring him to communicate to this
House information relating to the secret fund,
which is confided exclusively to the President.
With all due deference to the experienced chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, I say it
is utterly without precedent. Make your call upon
the President, if at all. Guard it in the usual way;
ask him to communicate it, if it is not incompatible
with the public interests. Do not, in a matter con-
cerning the secret-service fund, which is'connected
with your foreign relations, go to the Secretary of
State, and not even allow discretion in him, and
require him to answer the call. Is this House pre-
pared for that ? I hope my friend from North Car-
olina, the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, will read the law to the House; I believe
he has it. I have not read it for a long time. My
impression of the terms of the statute are not very
distinct; my recollection of the law is, that on its
face it declares that the President should not be
made accountable for the manner in which this
fund is used.
Mr. McKAY. I will read it. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania is mistaken when he says that
the first law was passed in 1810. The first law was
in 1793, and it was subsequently re-enacted in 1810.
Mr- INGERSOLL. Very well; that is the law
now.
Mr. McKAY. It has always been so. This is
the provision of the law:
i( Where any sum of money shall be drawn from
4 the treasury under any law making appropriation
< for the contingent expenses of intercourse between
' the United States and foreign nations, the Presi-
' dent shall cause the same to be duly settled an-
i nually with the accounting officers of the treasury,
' by causing such money to be accounted for spe-
' cially, in all instances wherein the expenditure
1 thereof may, in his judgment, be made pifblic;
1 and by making a certificate of the amount of such
' expenditures as he may think it advisable not to
'specify; and such certificate shall be deemed a
c sufficient voucher for the sum therein expressed
< to have been expended."
Mr. INGERSOLL. At the treasury.
Mr. McKAY. At the treasury.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is all.
Mr. McKAY (continuing his sentence) all there-
fore to be found at the treasury would be the cer-
tificate of the President.
Mr. INGERSOLL. But in the State Depart-
ment there would be found the evidence [the
rest of the sentence was lost to the reporter.]
Mr. McKAY (resuming.) It is a very, small
amount. The amount of money expended, out of
the treasury from 1829 down to ]844, which has
been settled upon these certificates of the President,
the House would be surprised to learn, is the small
amount of $5,460. (Referring to the document
which he held in his hand) he said the first ex-
penditure since 1829 was on the 4th August, 1842,
$4,460, and on the 29th June, 1843, $1,000—ma-
king $5,460, which is the whole sum expended for
this service from 1829 to 1844; and all in two years,
(not one.) That is the official document.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I read that' document yes-
terday very carefully.
Mr. BAYLY (resuming.) I find I was not mis-
taken in speaking from my general recollection of
the character of the law respecting the secret ser-
vice fund.
Mr. BOYD (interposing) said he proposed to
amend the resolution. He hoped the gentleman
from Pennsylvania would accept his amendment,
and modify his resolution accordingly.
Mr. T. B. KING. I desire to ask the Chair if
the resolution of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is subject to amendment >
The SPEAKER. The Chair would decide that
question when it is raised. The gentleman from
Virginia is entitled to the floor; if he yields it for
an amendment 
Mr. BAYLY. I do not yield the floor; but to
accommodate the gentleman, I will read the amend-
ment. The Clerk can read it.
The amendment of Mr. Boyd was accordingly
read as follows:
Provided, That no document or matter is re-
: for nothing They exercise the power of this ;i quested to be furnished by the foregoing resolu-
: House to call upon the Secretary of State, by a 1 i tions which, in the opinion of the President, would
i direction, that he shall make this communication, i improperly involve the citizen or subject of any
j Mr. BAYLY. If that is the case, it is perfectly , ] foreign Power.'9
