1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
689
Mr. INGERSOLL. If I am at liberty, 1 will
accept it.
, The SPEAKER was-understood to say that the
gentleman was at liberty to modify his own reso-
lution.
The amendment was accordingly accepted, and
the amendment of Mr. Ingersoll was so modified.
Mr. BAYLY resumed, and proceeded with his
remarks. In part, this modification obviated his
objection. The call ought to be made on the Presi-
dent, and not on the Secretary of State. But the
call.iftB-.rthe gentleman from North Carolina had
shown,- would be utterly useless. The law re-
quires that the accounting officer shall settle the
account merely on the certificate of the President.
There is no item, no manner in which anybody
can ascertain, in the Treasury Department, or else-
where, the use to which the money has been ap-
plied.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken, I assure him.
Mr. BAYLY. I speak from the law. It re-
quires no idems—no specifications, and I do not
think any will be found.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is for the settlement
at the treasury—that is all. Surely the gentleman
can see the difference. It is palpable, I think.
Mr. BAYLY. I understand that.
Mr. INGERSOLL. You may call on the Pres-
ident. I have not the slightest objection, I am
sure.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the power
to modify his resolution if he desires.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Put in the President, then.
The resolution whs thus modified, so as to make
the call upon the Piesidont.
Mr. BAYLY. This removes unoiher objection,
and with one more reninik I will conclude. I de-
sire the gentleman from Pennsylvania to undcr-
stnnd distinctly, what I should suppose, from the
irritation of his manner, he docs no! understand
Mr. INGERSOLL (interposing.) 1 assure you
lam not at nil irritated; I am perfectly calm——
Mr. BAYLY. I am very glnd to hear ii.
Mr. INGERSOLL (continuing liii sriilcnrr)—
ill a very good humor with mysdf, and not m all
in Imd humor with my friend.
Mr. I5AYLY. I am very happy to hear it.
Nothing was further from my intention (eoniiimeil
Air. B.) than to interfere in the contest which haw
grown up between the two distinguished members
of the two Houses; they arc able to light out their
battles themselves; and my friend will not under-
stand me as desiring to interfere in this controver-
sy, or to interpose any obstacle in his way tn
making out a full and complete ease in vindication
of himself against, the attack made upon him.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have disclaimed that I
was answering—(a word or two was not caught
by the reporter.)
"Mr. BAYLY. I was speaking of the attacks
made upon that gentleman.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I know; but I have not
spoken of those attacks.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, I am under very great
misapprehension, then. I have but one. more
remark. I have, no desire of interposing any dif-
ficulty in the gentleman's obtaining information,
and I"would vote forit, if I could, consistently with
my views of duty, but I cannot. And ) was rejoiced
that my friend from North Carolina, the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, made this
objection to the resolution, which struck me at the
first blush, as is known to gentlemen who sit near
me. I never feel embarrassed in following his load
on any subject; and hence, at the sacrifice of my
own wishes, I shall vote against the losohilion. I
have made these unpremeditated and desultory re-
marks to assign my reasons.
Mr. HARALSON said that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J. ImsersollJ had accepted
the modification proposing to make the call on the
President. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Boyd] had suggested another modification, which
had also been accepted, and which he (Mr. H.)
thought was very proper in itself. He could see
no great advantage that was to be derived from the
further discussion of the subject, and he therefore
demanded the previous question.
Mr. 'WINTHROP said he demanded the yeas
and nays on ordering the main question.
Mr. HI'LLIARD appealed to the generosity of
gentlemen to allow the other side of the House to
be heard.
Mr. WINTHROP said he hoped that Massa-
chusetts might be heard at some period of the
day.
Mr. HARALSON, remarking that there seem-
ed to be a general desire that he should withdraw
the demand for the previous question, withdrew
it.
So the demand for the previous question was
withdrawn.
Mr. H1LLIARD said, he exceedingly regret-
ted the unpleasant suite of affairs—the personal
collision (for certainly every one must see that it
was such) which had arisen between a distinguish-
ed Senator, and the distinguished gentleman on his
left, [Mr. C. S. Ikgerholi.,] whom he took the
liberty to call his friend; a collision which, how-
ever deeply it might affect ihe.se two gentlemen in-
dividually, must also m some measure aileet the
country, because the reputation of each of them,
was in some degree the* pioperly of the natiun.
Still, ihiH matter did not legitimately and properly
belong to the regular bunnies# of the I louse.
Therefore he considered that the objection of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] was fitly
and properly made—that we had no control over
the fuibjrrl, and that it did not fairly come within
the jurisdiction of tins body. Notwithstanding this,
he thought it would ill become the friends of that
distinguished  Senator, to interpose the slightest
obstacle in the way of (his nnehiigntion.
Mr. BAYLY. I hope the gentleman did not
understand me t\< making f hU nojrehon as a friend
of Mr. WeUmr5
Mr. IULUA11I). I nmld not be guilty of so
growa a iuir-eoiueption. 1 did not lor u moment
sunpo.se anything of the hind, it is a mmtortune
(Mr. 11, was understood to wiy, though doubtfully
heard) that a man who. e mtelitef and public xer-
\ ii-f.s h;i\r it nd< ied tin- name of bi.s t ountry iUie.-
tnoux, and lm\e a.-;*o<'ml< d it abroad with every-
thing that n to be bouoitd and Imed, tdwuid haw.
so ft w personal and politi< al friends hei r. I am
not on it una of intimate I'jnndxhip wiih that gen-
tleman, hut from a easual acquaint.ox-e, 1 have
much in him to ridmiie. if tlieie is anything een-
snmhlem him, I have no? nl m<d it. Lookup
(o t!ir ofiiuai mtcn'ourse which, for ^ome tune, 1
had with him, I should be the meanest ami most
unjust of mt n, if I did not, in the faeti of the hos-
tility which its rnanifcKied tmutrds him here, bear
trxtmiony to his svrupulous regard to the public
inteit sU.\ w henever 1 have had an opportunity to
obscive hia eour.se. 1 must think that my honor-
able and distinguished friend, [Mr. Inueasuli,]
who I Know believes all that he said, has, under
(lie inllurnce of one of these fter<e contests of par-
ty, which no often arise in this country, taken too
hmsh a \ic\v of acme circumstances in the life of
the Senator. Still, I repeat, it ill becomes the
friends of Mr. Webster to interpose any objec-
tion It) the passage of this resolution. I "being1 a
Whig, (and I take this occasion to say that I used
the word in no low, or bitter partisan sense, and
that being in a great minority here, I avow myself
honored m doing battle under that standard,) {, for
one, will inierpt.se. no objection; but, on the con-
trary, I challenge the fullest investigation into the
conduct of a man who came into oilier as a Whig.
I will cheerfully vote for this resolution, and I trust
that his political friends here will imitate my ex-
ample. If there is anything in the public history
of that Senator of an unworthy or disgraceful
character, let the world know it. The world ought
to know it. If, as the gentleman has intimated,
Mr. Webster has fallen so low as to resemble
Lord Hacon, not only in the gioutness of his intel-
lect, but in the. meanness of his conduct, let the
world know it. If there is no foundation for any
of the charges that are made against him, then
the time has come when he ought forever to be
vindicated from them.
I no longer wish to hear, as I have so long
heard on the stump,charges against a distinguished
member of the Whig party. If he has erred, let
the fact be known. If not, let the slander be put
down. So far from concealing anything, I court
investigation. I shall be delighted (if as in the
physical world) when the storm has passed away,
and the atmosphere has become purer arid better,
I should find that my friend near me shall have be-
come reconciled to the distinguished Senator, and
that both gentlemen should discover that they have
mutually misunderstood each other. May we not
hope that such a state of things may yet come to
pass? I know how little regard is shown to in-
dividual reputation in this country. It is a nation-
al calamity; the highest cannot escape any more
than the lowest. If this distinguished Senator,
whose fame is 'bounded only by the civilized
world, has done a great wrong in the disposition
of the public funds* and has meanly applied them
to his own personal use, let the world understand
it. If he has not, then, as a man whose sympa-
thies are ever with the weaker party, I would be
glad that it should be made manifest.
Mr. WINTHROP then obtained the floor.
He said the honorable member from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] had ventured to say a word in vindi-
cation of John Tyler; and, under that example,
there probably would be nothing indelicate in a
Massachusetts man saying a word m defence of
■ Daniel Webster. He did not propose, howev-
i er, to do so. I do claim (continued Mr. W.) so
;j faros one so much his junior may be allowed to
!S claim, the distinction of being a friend of that Sen-
(jator; but I think that within a day or two past,
!t he has given sufficient evidence to everybody that
J he is able to defend himself always, and against
:j every charge which may be arrayed against him.
>11 do not propose, therefore, on this occasion, to
'! enter into any defence of Mr. Webster. I rise in
! defence of this House—of the honor, the charac-
ter, and the dignity of the House. What are the
pieeise eiieuiiistances before us?
; The honorable member from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
f*. J. Ivgeksoi.l,] on the 9th of February last, I be-
,! Iieve, arrayed a .series of charges against a distill*
| gui.shed Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wu-
I steu,] during the period m which he held the re-
■! sponsible station ofSecretary of State of the United.
| States'. Witlun a few days past, these charges
hrue been met and denied, in what form, or with
\\ hat effect, it is not for me to say. But under the
immediate sting; of the terms in which that denial
was made, the honorable member from Pennsyl-
vania comes forward into the Tlousc of Represent-
atives, and, disclaiming that he rises for any pur-
poses of self-dcfcnce, calls upon the House to help
aim m arraying a new series of clutrgos upon en-
tirely different grounds against the same distin-
guished Secretary of Stale.
Mr. 0. J. INGERSOLL. (Mr. Winthkop
yielding the door.) I desire to know whether the
gentleman has said within a few days, before Mr.
Webster spoke in the Senate, that the scarifying
process was to be applied to any body ? As a man
of truth, I osk him, as he stands by me here, to an-
swer the question.
Mr. WINTHROP. When the gentleman says
that he wishes to put a question to me as a nmn of
truth, I have to say that he will get an answer when
I am ready to give it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Ah !
Mr. WINTHROP (continued.) I say he will
got, an answer when I am ready to give it. If, how-
ever, he. desires to know the fact, I will say that
Air. Webster did give pretty general information
that lie considered these charges grossly unfound-
ed, and that he intended to prove them to be so.
And 1 say 
Mr. INGERSOLL. And thai, the gentleman
said, was the scarifying process. Was that said?
Several voiccs. "Now vou have got it."
Mr. 1NGKRS0LL. No—I have not got it.
Mr. WINTIIROP. Will the Chair be good
enough tn assert my right to the floor?
The SPEAKER (who had interposed imme-
diately before Mr. W. appealed to him) claimed
the floor peremptorily for that gentleman.
Mr. WINTHROP. When the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has taken his seat, I will proceed.
Mr. Ixgersoll having resumed his seat—
Mr. "VVI.NTHROP proceeded. I was charging
the gentleman from Pennsylvania with dodging
this great question; and now he turns upon me
and asks me whether, in conversation with some
one, I used the term " scarifying process?" I be-
lieve I did.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Was it applied to me?
Mr. WINTHROP, I forget whether it was
applied to you or to another. I did understand
that the charges were to be replied to with some
indignation and force. Whether Mr Webster
has done so or not, it is not for me to say l"do
not mean to involve myself on that point. I sav
that the circumstances under which this House is
railed upon to pass these resolutions, are these'*
I he honorable member from Pennsylvania arrays
