640
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9.
a series of charges against Mr. Daniel "Webster,
Secretary of State of the United States in the years
1842 and 1843. These chaiges are denied and
replied to; and the honorable member, under the
immediate sting of that denial aiul repulsion, rises
in this House and calls for its aid in arraying an
entirely different and distinct series of charges upon
utterly other and separate issues against the same
distinguished person. Now, does not the obvious
inquiry present itseif, Why, if these charges are
true, they were not thought of before? Why did
not that sense of public duty—that sense of public
honor, which now calls for an impeachment, if that
is the object, (though the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bayly,] if he is correct, as I believe he is, in
the construction of the law, has shown that any
idea of that kind, under such circumstances, is
futile,) require that thescnew charges should be
made at some other moment than when, in the
heat of blood, the gentleman is smarting under the
sense of imagined or real wrongs?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Because I never heard of
them till yesterday.
'Mr. W1NTHROP. Sir, these hearings the day
after an injury received arc to be listened to with
an ear almost, if not altogether, closed. They are
to be taken with many grams of salt—these infor-
mations that are laid'the day after an honorable
gentleman made an assault upon another in another
branch of this Capitol. 1 think the common rules
of candor and fairness required that the gentleman
should sleep a night or two on this hearsay testi-
mony, which he says he heard of only yesterday.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Not hearsay.
Mr. WJNTIIROP. The honorable member has
certainly means of information, hearsay informa-
tion, not open to all.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Not hearsay.
Mr. W1NTRROP—(continuing.) And here
let me protest against the introduction of the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Boyd.] The judgment of the Secretary of State
is to be appealed to on this question. It is to be
put within the discretion of the friends of the hon-
orable gentleman from Pennsylvania, whether let-
ters which may bear upon the question, shall be
suppressed under the prctencc that the interests of
foreign Governments arc concerned. 1 say that,
if this House is to institute a personal process of
this kind, if under the instigation of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, m a moment of passion, this
House is to institute a process against the character
and fame of a man whose name will live when the
names of other persons, whom I will not designate,
shall have perished forever, then let no hostile
President, or SecieLuy of State, undeitake to dis-
criminate between papers that are to be produced
and those that are to be suppressed. Give us all—
every letter. The honorable member had one let-
ter which he called for. Did it prove his case ? Can
he prove this new charge by letters written on this
subject from the earliest days down to that on which
we arc now speaking ? Let us compare the Adminis-
trations of the State Deportment in relation to these
foreign questions from the time when Mr. Jeil'eison
was at its head to that of Mr. Buchanan. Let us
see what the use of this secret-service money was
in the case of Texas. Let us see what it was in
the case of Louisiana, as well as in that of the
Northeastern boundary. If we arc to have any-
thing, let us have the whole. I demand it all.
And" in behalf of the distinguished Senator whom
I am proud this day to call my friend, I challenge
the judgment of the country upon the issue.
I\lr. Speaker, I ha\e been betrayed into a more
extended observation, and have seemingly express-
ed myself in a much more excited manner than I
bad designed. I do not intend to vote agamst these
resolutions. I hold it to be an act which will re-
main without example, without precedent, certain-
ly, that an honorable member of this House, with-
out undertaking to state any specific charge; without
designating any particular letter; without fixing
upon any one precise fact, upon which to base this
second series of accusations, should call upon this
House to run a drag-net through the State Depart-
ment, during a particular period, to see if he could
not hunt up something in the shape of evidence to
sustain the miserable slanders which have been be-
fore the country for two yeais past. The proceed-
ing seems to me to be beneath the character and
the dignity of this House.
Mr. I. fe. HOLMES said, that if it were possi-
ble, amidst the excitement, which had been gene-
rated, and which naturally sprang from that feel-
ing which, from a common spark, kindled in the
breasts of all, that the still small voice of reason
could be heard, he thought that this House would
deliberate well, would solemnly pause, (however
treat their sympathies with any lionorable mem-
er might be,) before they adopted the important
and comprehensive resolution under consideration.
The resolution proposed that all that the Govern-
ment had done under the sanction of a law, ren-
dered necessary by the exigencies of all Govern-
ments, which authorized the expenditure of secret-
service money at certain periods and for certain
purposes, should be unveiled and fully revealed.
The resolution was not e\en so limited m its terms
as to apply to persons in this country, but was as
comprehensive and enlarged as the uses of that
money was applicable under the law. And in what
state of things, at what period of our history, m
what exigencies of the country, were we called
upon to unveil this secret-service money and the ap-
plication theieof? At a period when he ventured
to asseit, without any knowledge of the action of
this Government or of the Administiation at this
time, but with some knowledge of the people with
whom wc had to deal in the relations we bore to
the southwestern country, there must be an appli-
cation of the secret-service fund not here, but in
other ways. Wc were called upon to set a prece-
dent by the resolution, of the application of that
fund. Could we thus deprive the Government of
that reserved power which, under difficult and ex-
traordinary circumstances, was beyond the Con-
stitution and the laws, but which must be vested
somewhere; which, in Rome, iesidcd in its dicta-
tors; and which in every Government must be a.
reserved power somewhere ? And the little of such
power which was left m this Government, pressed
upon as it was by the Democratic principle which
almost deprived it of the ability to keep from the
public eye things which ought not to be disclosed,
was to be taken away? For, if this resolution
passed, it would not be limited to the Senator from
Massachusetts; its-cflcct would not be merely the
vindication of the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. It went to the root of the application of
this sccret-sei vice fund; a fund which he believed
m the present state of the country was imperiously
demanded. The resolution went not only to the
case of Mr. Webster, but to the end of the Admin-
istration of Mr. Tyler; and he supposed that addi-
tional propositions would be made, the result of
which would be, to bung out the u e that had been
made of this fund through all Administrations.
Wc all know that theie was a time when Mr.
Madison thought proper to use secret agents for
the purpose of eliciting important facts involving
the very destiny of this Confederacy. Should we
deprive the Executive of the means to procure in-
formation which could not otherwise be extracted ?
There was nothing he (Mr. II.) would not do as a
Representative on this floor to aid the gentleman
from Pennsylvania m vindicating himself, if that
were required, even by canying the war into Afri-
ca, as he believed it was the gentleman's duty to
do. A* a gentleman, he (Mr. TI.) felt that he
ought to do it, and he had no doubt that he would
do it. Rut there were higher considerations and
nobler objects than even the sympathies of one's
heart towards a friend. Let us pause before, for
a special purpose, we did an act involving general
and comprehensive results.
Mr. SEDDON said no one could feel more sur-
prised at the sudden and unexpected debate which
had been sprung upon the committee on the reso-
lution of the honorable gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia than himself; but he trusted this Ff.ouse would
not allow itself to be thrown from the balance of
correct judgment, or be carried away by the ex-
citing feelings naturally inspired by the character
of tins resolution. He thought, when this House
came calmly to \ Jew the real character of the ques- !
Uon now presented to H, it would at once be seen
by all parties that theie was great end palpable
propriety in the adoption of the resolution, some-
what modified in its form. And he thought the
propriety of its adoption was even more clear on
the part of the friends of the distinguished Senator
from Massachusetts, who has been alluded to, than
i upon any other portion of this House. Mr. S.,
! (who m many portions of lus remarks was doubt-
1 fully heard,) as far as could be gathered, proceed-
S ed to say, that after the honorable gentleman from
! Pennsylvania had risen, and upon his official le-
sponsibility declared, not from hearsay, but from
■personal knowledge and examination, that tke pro-
eduction of certain documents in the official archives
of the nation, would show that a high functionary
of the Government has been guilty of fraud, cor-"
ruption,and peculation,—when a charge so seri-
ous, so grave in its character, was thus deliberately
made by a Representative in his seat, it became the
duty of this House to make the inquiry; it was &ue
to the honorable Senator himself, upon whom these
charges were made. He made not the slightest
^pretensions to be a friend, either politically$r per-
sonally, of the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts; but he was an American, and wishing to pre-
serve (as far as it could consistently be done with
truth) pure and sacred the reputation of American
statesmen, he was not willing that any man who
has held the high office of Secretary of State, should
be charged publicly with these high offences, and
the opportunity of investigation and proof be de-
nied. He agreed with the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. that that Senator's friends
ought to come forward, and boldly and manfully
challenge investigation into this grave charge in
this House, which was the grand inquest of the
nation.
But while he thought this investigation ought to
be made, he did not think they ought to carry this
inquiry one whit beyond the necessity which calls
for it. tie though the resolution ought so to be
amended as to limit this inquiry and this disclosure
to the period during which it was alleged thpse
acts of peculation and fraud were committed. He
thought so; he believed, as a general rule, under
ordinary circumstances great and seiious public
injury must be sustained by the development of
the manner in which this secret-service fund has
been used. The very end and purpose of thefund
would be frustrated and set at naught if they al-
lowed the general development without great and
serious cause. He thought the allegation made
from a high source of fraud and peculation on the
part of a distinguished public functionary, consti-
tuted reason abundant for the exception from the
rule in this particular case. The inquiry ought to
be made in this particular case; but it ought to be
limited merely to the case, for it seemed to him
that it had already been shown by one or two gen-
tlemen, that to bring itidown to the present time
might do most seriousdetriment in the present ex-
isting foreign relations of the country. Our foreign
affairs were now unsettled: who could doubt that
in the wise Administration and use of this secret-
service fund, (he spoke entirely without positive
knowledge on the subject,) there were agents now
employed ? It was unwise, therefore, to extend the
inquiry down to the present time.
But the objection that this disclosure, if limited
to the particular" time during which Mr. Webster
was Secretary of State, would afford no just op-
portunity of comparing its use with its use under
other Administrations, and that what taken by
itself might, seem an improper application of the
fund, when compared with the practice of the Gov-
ernment would find in some measure, at least, a
justification, had some weight. Mr. S. contended,
that if any other period was to be embraced in the
inquiry, it should be some preceding and not some
subsequent one. He hoped the resolution would
be properly modified, and he should vote for it,
with the desire to do justice to the high function-
ary whose character was assailed, and not with
the slightest desire to injure or impair his well-
deserved fame.
In conclusion, he offered the following amend-
ment to the resolution:
After the figures 1841, insert " until the retire-
ment of Daniel Webster, Esq., from the Depart-
ment of State."
Mr. ADAMS asked for the reading of the reso-
lution, as modified; which having been read, Mr.
A. proceeded to address the House. Owing to
his position in the Hall, and the great confusion
which occasionally prevailed, increased by almost
incessant conversations, it was very difficult to catch,
, otherwise than doubtfully, some of his particular
1 expressions. But the reporter thinks that, proba-
j bly, he will not be far out of the way in presenting
i that gentleman as follows:
i Mr. Speaker: I wish this House would divest
; itsell' of every sentiment or feeling connected with
j circumstances extraneous to this resolution, and
; would consider it as a measure of very great im-
i portance, carrying out or violating the provision* ?
