THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1846.
New Series....No 41.
of the Constitution of the United States. Having
made this observation, and having endeavored to
separate the resolution from personal considera-
tions of every kind, I say that I cannot vote for
it in the form in which it is now presented.
There are parts of it asking for information,
■which I believe it is the right of this House to c&tl
for, and to which I have no objection whatsoever.
I believe, on hearing the resolution read, as I just
now did for the first time, having been in attend-
ance on the committee when the resolution was
himself. It does not go through the Secretary of J
State. The order which I issued to that effect for 1
the whole sum of money was not known to the
Secretary of State at the time I made it, any more
than it was to you an hour ago. The Secretary
of State was not at the seat of Government at the
time I directed the negotiation. He. was not here
for months afterwards. I do not know that he
knows to this day for what that money was ex-
ponded. The law itself gives to the President alone
the power of expending it; and it is no more ne-
first introduced,—I believe, I say, that to those jj c.^ssary that it should pass through the hands of
parts which do not bring into question any pro- jj the Secretary of State than that it should puss
visions of the Constitution, or the necessary secrc- i! through this House. That is one of ray reasons
cy to be observed on the part of the Executive, in I for objecting to the adoption of the resolution. It
respect to matters which concern the foreign rela- |! cannot bring the information it calls for; and if it
tions of the country, I shall have no objection. I' is to produce any efl'cct at all, it must be addressed
But the first, and as I think, the most material ij to Mr. John Tyler, and not to the Secretary of
part of that resolution, requires an exhibition to !> State, or to the present President; for probably the.
this House of the manner in which a fund has been i ■ ni-esent. President knows no more than von or I,
expended, which, under the Constitution and laws
of the United States, has been hitherto buried
profound secrecy, and in respect to which it was
the intention, as I have always understood, that
perpetual secrecy should be maintained. The pro-
vision is, that a certain sum of money shall be
placed at the disposal of the actual President of the
United States, for which no other account shall be
present President knows no more than you or
> for what purpose the money was expended. It
I does not, I repeat, go through the Secretary of
■ State. I do not know but what the President may
1 authorize the. Secretary of State to expend the
! money. That may have been the fact in the pres-
ent case. Hut for it the President himself is re-
I sponsible; and if the gentleman intends to impeach
1 anybody for the expenditure of that money, it must
I.,. T..L .. 'V -.J _ .. .1 I V Anotrtl*
given than by a certificate under the hand of the !j be Jolin Tyler, and not Daniel Webster.
President himself that it. has been expended for the :i Mr. C. J. INGKRSOLL. I am anxious to say
public benefit, and that document, when carried to
the treasury, passes the account. It has been said,
or at least intimated by gentlemen on this floor,
that the object of this secret fund is necessary to
corruption.' This is not so. During the time I
had the honor of occupy i ng that station, I gave a cer-
tificate for the expenditure of one year's appro
priation of this fund, and it turned out to be alto
that, in all this business, so far as I know, Mr. Ty-
ler's conduct has been irreproachable, and that my
object is to get at a guilty Secretary who abused j
that power.
Mr. ADAMS. Whether the Secretary abused
that power or not, I will not undertake at present i
to say; but I do say, that if he had the power to 1
abuse it, it was by the order of his superior, the
authority to expend the money. The, Secretary
of State hod no more power to spend a dollar of
it than you or I, Mr. Speaker, have to-day.
Whatever expenditure was made by the Secretary
of Stile, or through that Department, must have
been made, and could be made in no other way,
than by an order from the President. He is tl'ie
, responsible person, and if there, has been any cor-
j ruption in the expenditure of the moneys winch I
gether inadequate to the end to be accomplished; }! President of the United States, who alone, had the
and there was no more corruption in the whole of'1   ~ ' *K" rrL"
the transaction for which that money was applied [
than thero is in the debate of this House lo-dav. j
I do not say what it was for. I have never stuted 1
to anybody except to my successor in that office
what the money was expended for. But imme-
diately after he came into office, I made known to
him the object of the expenditure; and he accom-
plished the' purpose for which that money was de-
signed, and of which I will only say that it was a
treaty of commerce with the Sublime Porte. Now,
if the House will only recollect for a moment what
advantage and benefit have resulted to this country
"from that provision of the law giving to the Presi-
dent of the United States the power to apply a cer-
tain sum for secret-service money in our relations
with foreign countries; if they will reflect what the
state of tilings was at that time, and how necessary
such a fund was to the accomplishment of the end
which that negotiation with the Sultan of Turkey
had in view, although probably there is not. a mem-
ber of the House who knew of any such money
having been so expended; if, I say, the House will
consider these things, and bear in mind with whnt
effect that fund was used, they will be disposed, I
think, to reconsider the opinion that it is a cor-
ruption fund, and will believe that it may be ap-
plied for purposes as fair and honorable as any
country can require.
To the objections thus stated to the adoption of
this resolution, I must add another—that there is
any inquiry whatever, in regard to the secret ser-
vice, to which this fund was applied, with refer-
ence to the negotiation in the Ashburton treaty.
This must be altogether struck out before I can
vote for the resolution.
Mr. C. J. INGERSQLL. There is not a word
about the Ashburton treaty in the resolution.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, one of the objec-
tions I have to this resolution is, that it has not the
very object which the mover of it says it has. It
calls upon the President to give an account of
moneys expended through the Department of
State, and charges them as against the Secretary of
State; Now, for the expenditure of that money,
the Secretary of State, present or past, is no more
responsible than you or I. The law itself requires
that it shall be expended by order of the President
41
do not in the*slightest degree suspect, Mr. Tyler
is the responsible person, and he it is who is to be
called upon to account for it. I say, therefore,
that if you send the resolution to the President of
the United States, it is extremely probable that he,
may answer that he knows no more about it than
you do. It does not follow that, because, I com-
municated to my immediate successor for what
purpose I had ordered an expenditure of this
money—not through the Department of State, but
through other channels—that other Presidents may
have done so. Under the law which has been
road by the. chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, [Mr. McKay,] this money is to be
i accounted for by a personal certificate from the
; President, having no more reference to the Depart-
j ment of State than to the Department of the
| Treasury, and perhaps not so much. He is an-
| thorized and required to certify to the accounting
l officers for certain sums of money expended, with
j his approbation, for certain purposes, and that
! certificate is to answer for all the more minute de-
! tails required in all other amounts settled at the
1 Treasury Department. That certificate he must
! give, and he is responsible for it, as I have always
i held myself responsible to the country for all time,
! so long as I live, for the expenditure of that
money.
And here I take occasion to say that I differ
with the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,]
and, I believe, other gentlemen who have stated
that the day of impeachment has passed, by the
Constitution, from the moment the public office
expires. 1 hold no such doctrine. I hold myself,
so long as I have the breath of life in my body,
amenable, to impeachment bv this House for every-
thing I did during the time I held any public office.
Mr. BAYLY. Is not the judgment, in ease of
impeachment, removal from office ?
Mr. ADAMS. disqualification to hold any
office of honor, trust, or profit, under the United
States for ever afterwards—a punishment much
greater in my opinion than removal from office. it
clings to a man as long as he lives; and if any pub-
lic officer ever put himself in a position to be triea
by impeachment, he would have very little <at fliy
good opinion, if he did not think disqualification
from holding, office for life a more se?fe.
ment than mere removal from office. 1 hold, tneie-
fore, that every President of the United States,
everv Secretary of State, every officer impeachable
by the laws of the country, is as liable, twenty
years after his office has expired, as he is whilst
he continues in office; and if such is not the case,
if an ofiicer could thus ward off the pams of lm-
neaclimcnt, what would be the value of the
vision, or when do you suppose discoveries would
be made that would render impeachment effectual.
I speak with reference to the provisions of the Con-
stitution, and to the great object contemplated by
these provisions; and I now say that if one tenth
of the charges against the person who is here at-
tacked are, true, impeachment, in my humble judg-
ment, is the course which ought to be pursued by
this House; and that in that process of impeach-
ment the usual requisites of justice to every man
charged with heinous crimes and misdemeanors,
should be complied with; that the accused should
have, notice of the impeachment; that he should
have notice of the evitleitce to be brought against
him; that he may have the means of defence be-
fore the bar of tins House ; and that he may not
be reached by side-blows by applications for what
may be dragged up out of the Depaitment of State,
when he was in that office, to injure him in the
public mind, probably fur services of the first im-
portance to the country.
As to other parts of the resolution, calling tor
copies of papers in relation to a fee probably paid
to a lawyer in the defence of a man on trial ill the
State of New York, or other things, documents
which may possibly bring up the broken ruins of
a conflict between the Government of the United
States and the Governor of the State of New York
at that time, matters which I believe had much bel-
ter be suffered to slumber, as they have done for
many years past, when connected with the charge
of corruption, I should be very reluctant to give
my vote for such a call. As to the negotiation on
the Ashburton treaty, I have no doubt that there
were transactions passed between the proper de-
partments, some parts of which may be brought to
light by a call on the Department of State. But if
the secret features of that negotiation are to be call-
ed for and laid before the. House, I expect you will
have calls for information, of which you will find
110 trace in the Department of State, and which
will implicate, so far perhaps as even to expose, to
the chance of public censure, those by no means
included in the resolutions. There is probably
much secret history connected with that negotia-
tion and that treaty, which I believe it would be
quite as well to suffer to pass into oblivion. But if
they are to be brought forth, I shall vote that all
j may be brought forth, and then I think we shall
| have public speculation resting on other persona
besides the Secretary of State.
So far as concerns the charge of corruption
against a Senator of the United States from my own
immediate Commonwealth—a man highly honored
by his fellow-citizens not only for the services ren-
dered in the, negotiation of that treaty, but for
many other public services of the first importance,
I, for my part, have, no objection to call for any-
thing in the Department of State, because it is my
full belief that anything which is elicited by that
inquiry will operate far more to justify him, than
to sustain any charges against him. But, I repeat,
if this call is to.be made a3 to the employment of
the secret-service money, in the course of that ne-
gotiation, it must be made not on the Department
of State, but upon the President of the United
States. The present President, I think it extreme-
ly probable, though it may not be so, will say that
he knows no more about the application of the
secret-service money at that time, than this House
