642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
knows. Therefore the information requested can- 1
not be furnished. And if the call is made upon !
the Department, then I say it will not answer the ;
purpose; because it is the Presidents older which .
is to be inquired into, and not anything that neces- ;
sarily passes through the Department of State. If i
Mr. Webster employed one dollar either to send !
an express to New \ork, or to pay the district i
attorney to conduct the deience ol McLeod, or for j
any other purpose, he could not have done so with- j
out an order from the President, for which the j
President, and not the Secretary of State, is respon- I
sible. If, therefore, the gentleman from Pennsyl- !
vania will come forward with an avowal that it is j
his purpose to impeach Mr. Tyler as President of
the United States,'and that he calls for information '
for that purpose, I have no objection. I
Mr. 1NGERSOLL was here understood to say j,
(though the reporter only conjectures) that is a (lis- !'
tinct resolution. i
Mr. ADAMS. Well, if that is a distinct reso-
lution, the coil is proper upon the President to f.<r- j;
nish copies of the papers, (as I understand it.) in :
the Department of State in relation to the negoiia- !:
tion of the Ashburton treaty. ;i
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is not for that. |i
Mr. ADAMS. Well, then, I cannot see for ,
what lawful purpose it is. I cannot vote f"-r it. |
I am willing to oil! on the DttpurLmem of Sta'.efor !
anything there, whether on the negotiation of t)ie •
Ashburton treaty, or m r *]otio.i to the proceedings j;
in the case of McLeod, or f^r the correspondence J'
with the Governor of New Yo>k. There wa^ un- I
doubtedly, as I well knew at the time, a corrc- j;
spondence l)etween the Department of State, under
the order of ,Mr. Tyler* and the Governor of New j
York; and I do not know but what we shall hear |j
of it in due time as <vstin£  m the opinion of many jj
persons, some censure on tli* Administration of;i
that day. It is well known that theie was a col-
lision of a sserious and dangerous nature between
the Administration of the United States anu the
Governor of New York, at a t-me when an inti-
mate friend of mine, one of the best men m the
world, Mr. Seward, was Governor; and I think it
possible that in that correspondence which is called
for here, it will be seen that there were different
views entertained by Mr. Tyler, the head of the
Administration, (although communicated through
the Department of State,) and Governor Seward.
One of the most unfortunate ciieumstances attend-
ing the then state of things was this very col-
lision between the General Government, and ,i
the Government of New York; and it was a point !!
upon which 1 was infinitely more apprehensive
than I was as to the difficulty v ith Great Britain. .
Now, it is well known that the ferule man from j
Pennsylvania was very much dissatisfied with the j
negotiation of that treaty, it is well known, fur i
he said so here, time and time again, that he wanted j
to take the sense of the House upon it; and he j
once said that the ratification of the treaty depended :
on this House. I
Mr. INGERSOLL. And the proposition was ;
put down by the previous question. j
Mr. ADAMS. Then yon admit you made it?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do. i
Mr. ADAMS. Weil, you remember the fate ,
of your proposition, then; and we all know what :
has been the fate of all opposition made to that j
treaty both in this House and the other. We ail j
know that the 44 advice" for its ratification was |
gnen by a very large majority. How far a rem- •
naut of sensibility on the issues made m the oppo- ;
sition to that treaty may have operated on the ■
mmd of the gentleman in inducing him to offer a ;
resolution to revise tins controversy, it is not for j
me to inquire. Nor is it very important. lie dis- ■
claims all personal resentment or animositv. j
Mr. INGERSOLL was understood to sriy, I 1
have made no such disclaimer. :
Mr. ADAMS. Well, I understood the gentle- 1
man to do so. If he now withdraws it, that ground '
is gone; and I suppose the House will gne a little !
less confidence to his patriotic denunciations of a
Senator in the other end of the Capitol, if n is sat-
isfied that they arise as much from peisonal ani-
mosity and resentment, as from a desire ro promote
the good of the country.
Mr. Speaker, I believe I have given to the House
my most material objections to the adoption of this
resolution as it now stands. It must be very much
pared down to a call for documents from the De
partment of State, which must, as a matter of
course, be there, before I can vote for it; riot that
I oppose it on account of the gentleman who is, in
substance, impeached before this House; for (as
my honorable colleague, Mr. Winthrop, says) he
is perfectly able to justify himself, and whenever
an attack upon him is made, I would rather be
anywhere than in the place of him who makes it.
In regard to the proceedings of this Govern-
ment, in the case of McLeod, every gentleman
here at that time (in 1841, I think,) will recollect
how anxiously, how long, and how ably on both
sides, all these questions were at that time debated
in this House. The final conclusion of it was
very signally manifested, not only by the defeat of
every proposition against the treaty, or its nego-
tiators, but by the pass-age of an act of Congress,
now the law of the land, ascertaining, and remov-
ing from all possibility of question, that which had
constituted the grand diffoulty in the case.
Mr. INGERfeOLL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. ADAMS. I -will allow the gentleman to
ask me a question, if he will allow me to sit down
and rot to answer him.
Whormnon Mr. Adams took his s*at.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether he recollects that a gentleman from
New York, who then represented the TTtica dis-
trict, f.YIr. Floyd,] moved a resolution of inquhy
on th's subject, upon which I and others spoke,
and that that, too, was put down hv the previous
question. We never got a word of answer from
the Executive on this subject.
Mr. ADAMS. I refer the gentleman to the
journal of the day.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have already examined
the journal. I wish the gentleman would do like-
wise.
Mr. YANCEY differed, be said,from thevener- j
able and distinguished gentleman from Massa- j
chusetts [Mr. Adams] in regard to the question, j
whether the Constitution authorized the proceed- j
ins, here proposed. He had examined the pro- '
vision of the Constitution, and did not find it to
justify the interpretation put upon it by the gen-
tleman in the le^st degree. Monev expended for
secret purposes must, under the Constitution, be
accounted for as well as any other funds drawn
from the treasury. If five dollars could be ex-
pended, without responsibility and without any
account, so could forty millions be expended, and
no account be given of it.
The Constitution provided that all expenditures
of money, from time to time, should he accounted
for. All money appropriated by this House was
public money, and a regular statement of its ex-
penditure must he made. It must appear that it is !
expended for the benefit of the public, and, there- j
fore, a regular statement was reouiied. j
The peculiar spirit of the American Govern-
ment requires that this House should exercise the
right of calling to a strjet account ail who were
charged with the expenditure of public money.
The^ross attack made on the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll]
warranted this inquiry. It showed that its author
had neither dignity nor morality in his character.
The author of such abuse deserved no respect nor
consideration from us. Even his own friends
could not object to the proposed call
His honorable colleague (Mr. Hjllurd] had
send that Mr. Webster was respected, honored,
and loved abroad, and that he was the proudest
boast of every American. He should despise him-
self as an American, if he could think so.
Mr. HILLIARD said he spoke of Mr. Web-
ster's publie character; and he did know that Mr. I
Webster did occupy in Europe,as a statesman, as
hhh a position in public estimation as any man
that breathed.
Mr. YANCEY asked what public acts of Mr.
Webster's life had made the American name loved
; and respected abroad? Was it his course in the
: contest with the lion power of England ? Did that
: make him loved abroad? Did his \otes against
; the supply of provisions and clothing of barc-foot-
, ed and starving American soldiers attach honor to
• his name? Was it that that made England love
him ?
| Mr. BIGGS here asked if it was in order on this
resolution to discuss the character of Daniel Web-
ster ?
i Mr. YANCEY asked whether Mr. Webster^s
course on the French question entitled him to re-
spect? When the noble-hearted Jackson was endeav-
oring to enforce France to a fulfilment of her treaty
stipulation, did not Mr. Webster say in the Senate
t&at he would not vote a cent,, even if the British
were battering down the walls of the Capitol ? Was
It not declared here by the venerable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] in regard to that
godlike man, whose name was so much honored
and loved abroad, that he had but one more step,
to take, and that was, to join the enemy in batter-
ing down the walls of the Capitol? Were these
the acts that caused his colleague to say that hi&
name was loved, honored, and respected abroad?
As to the Ashburton treaty, he was content to let
that subject sleep; but he must say that a better
treaty could have been made; he must say that an
American negotiator, in whom was felt the pulsa-
tions of an American heart, would have demanded
something like a satisfactory apology for the mur-
der of Durfee.
But the venerable gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Adams] says that the Secretary of State
was not responsiDle, but the President, for the
use of the secret-service money. All the recom-
mendations for the application of the fund were,
however, made by the Secretary, and the vouchers
were by him placed before the President. If the
monev was improperly expended^ it was the fault
of the'Secretary. It was the duty of this House
to present articles of impeachment, and of the Sen-
ate to trv them. How could this House present
the articles, unless'they could call for the neces-
sary papers? This House had a right to demand
a statement of the manner in which the public
money was expended. The honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ivgersoix] had stated
how the money was expended, and he stated it on
his responsibility, and therefore the subject ought
to be examined.
He protested solemnly against the remark that
the character of Mr. Webster was loved and hon-
ored. His talents were admired, as he would agree.
Many names went to posterity with opprobrium,
while the names of honest men were lost in obscu-
rity. The name of Benedict Arnold would be re-
membered through all time, while many a gallant
soldier, who fought barefooted and bareheaded for
his country, would be forgotten. He would like
to know one fact: Was Mr. Webster the pen-
sioned agent of the Massachusetts manufacturers?
It had been stated that the sum of $300,000 had
been paid to him, or settled on his family, for ser-
vices which he waf* to render here to the manufac-
turing interests. The tariff would, he hoped, soon
come up for discussion here; and he would ask
whether Mr. Webster's views on the - subject
would be regarded by his brother Senators as the
views of an independent and disinterested man?
Mr. McCLEPJNTAND said the subject had been
sufficiently discussed, and it interrupted the regular"
business of the House. He therefore called for the
previous question.
Mr. HILLIARD earnestly requested the gentle- -
man to withdraw it for a brief explanation, prom-
ising to renew it, if required.
Mr. IXILLIARD'Srequest having been complied
with, he said, in reply to his honorable colleague,
for whom he entertained a high respect, that he
had nothing to do with Mr. Webster's political
errors; and as to the charges brought against Mr.
Webster, he would believe, until they were proved,
that they arose from misconception. If Mr. Web-
ster's course was unfortunate as to the war, he
(Mr. H.) had nothing to do with it. He envied
the feelings of no one who would turn over the
pages of filth and vile party defamation to rake up
charges against any man.
What he had to say was, that he had noticed
with pride and satisfaction, when in Europe, that
the name of Webster was loved, honored, and re-
spected. He would meet the full responsibility of
this declaration, here and elsewhere. Did hiscol-
: league seek to identify him on this account with
j Mr. Webster's political errors, and use it against
jj him at home ?
j| Mr. Y~ANCEY said that he was aware that the
j! declaration was uttered in the warmth of feeling,
j | He had attributed it only to that cause.
!i Mr. HILLIARD was, he said, going on to re-
11 mark that among the most eminent persons in Eu-
: i rope, no American name next to the nameofWash-
h ington, was held in higher respect than that of
Daniel Webster.
!' [Here some hisses were heard.]
