1846,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
64S
that nothing will be accomplished in the way of adjust-
ments If it is to be sa^d, as has been said, that the treaty
«meis imj/Tiicticuble, and therefore, a new line must neces-
sarily be agreed upon, or that the ease is so involved in
doubt ana difficulty,- tlmt the only equitable way of resolv-
ing it is, by ' splitting the difference,' and dividing the ter-
ry,/n.60rnfr a"ree<* proportions; such propositions, if not
regarded as absolutely insulting, would not, I am confident,
be favorably listened to by a single citizen of the State,
i netreaty hire we know to be a practicable one—ourclaim
to the whole territory embraced within that Tine, we know
to be just—and after the course that has been pursued in
regard to it, we have a conviction not to be shaken, that we
could not honorably relinquish a part to obtain an undisputed
right to, the remainder. But, if great Britain is prepared to
substantially yield the -point of- title, and offer us a fair
. equivalent in other territory, privileges of navtgatum, &c.,
tor a portion of this territory, as I am at present disposed to
o^ueve, I do not see why thfe vexed question may not thus
be put forever at rest. And it is difficult to perceive, how
honor' cousuIting her interest, would compromit her
Elt,ertIli"LnS thes? views, I am free to say that I tliink
TdvoraDly or the appointment of commissioners by the Le-
gislature, with such powers as a just view of the case would
teem to require; and not wishing to avoid my shaie of re-
sponsibility, I cheerfully recommend that course.
. ^e. that I have formed a too favorable opinion of
the present disposition of the British Government, and that
u totally unreasonable, and, of course, unacceptable propo-
sition will be made to  s. What then? Would it neces-
sarily follow that we had erred in appointing commission-
ers, and placing ourselves in an attitude to learn what that
proposition would be ? We shall, to be sure, have incurred
the expense of an extra session of the Legislature; but we
shall have shown to our sister States, and the world, that,
having a just cause, we were disposed to adopt a liberal and
fair course in conducting it; and that, though strenuous and
ardent in the maintenance of our rights, we were not obsti-
nately bent on a course tending to increase irritation, or
bung about hostilities between the two countries. Let what
would be the result, Maine would stand, as she has hereto-
fore stood, blameless."
In this extract, (said Mr. P.) his views, at the
time were fully expressed; that is to say, under-
standing that the British Minister was fully au-
thorized to settle all questions in dispute between
the two countries, and in regard to the Maine
boundary in particular, was authorized and dis-
posed to cede to Maine a portion of English terri-
tory^ in exchange for what England wunted of the
territory of Maine, lie was disposed to give the
parties an opportunity to make such an" adjust-
ment. He (Mr. F.) was never in favor of talcing
money, of any amount, for the territory or juris-
diction of Maine, nor would the people of jVlaine
ever have consented to it had the question been
first submitted to them. But there was a strip of
land extending from the junction of the American
line with the river St. John, extending down to
Eel river, say about seventy miles in length, which
was much wanted by Maine, as well as the ftce
navigation of the St. John; and for these she was
always ready to render a fair equivalent in land
north of the St. John. The feasibility, and almost
certainty that such an arrangement could he effect-
ed, being pressed upon the Governor and members
of the Legislature, by many persons, apparently
speaking ex cathedra, could not fail to have a threat
influence. They had great influence, and Maine
yielded. But, for one, he was free to say, that
bad such a proposition, as that contained in the
treaty, been submitted to him by the General Gov-
ernment in the first instance, the Legislature would
never have been assembled by any act of his. Nor
(he repeated) did he believe the Legislature or the
people, upon such a proposition, would ever have
consented to the appointment of commissioners.
His own views, ana he believed the views of the
great body of the people of Maine, were expressed
in the Annual Message of the Governor to the
Legislature, January, 1843.
If the Senate would pardon him he would read
a. brief extract:
" The indirect overtures of the British Government for an
amicablc adjustment of the boundary question, it is well
known, were met on the part of this State in a spirit of mag-
nanimous forgetfulness of the past, and with a generous
regard to the supposed interests and wishes of her sister
States. jEarnestly.entreated by the'General Government, and
pressed as she was by circumstances., she could not hesitate
to place herself in a position admitting of an amicable and
honorable settlement of the question, confidently trusting
that the Government of the union, in some of its depart-
ments at least, would secure her from sacrifice. For tins
step she has no cause of self-reproach. It was taken under
circumstances that would fully justify ite lepetition. Flow
this generositv and confidence on her part has been reward-
ed, is seen in'the result. But I forbear to dilate upon the
subject, especially as it would be unavailing. If in this
Maine ( has not been treated as she has endeavored to de-
serve,' it is far from being the first instance. All her inju-
ries, however, cannot shake her sense of duty. As a mem-
ber of the Union, she will continue to be what she has ever
been—faithful and true; and if she could be satisfied that the
sacrifice was necessary for the good of the country, she could
in that find ample consolation. To insolent and unfounded
pretensions she can yield nothing—to the cause of patriot-
ism and the Union, everything."
These extracts, as he had before said, in his
opinion, fairly represented public sentiment in
Maine, And if he was right, in this particular,
the Senator from Massachusetts was deeply in er-
ror, when he said that not fifty candid and intelli-
gent persons could be found who were dissatisfied
with this treaty—unless he should say, which he
(Mr. P.) knew he would not, that the great body
of the people of Maine were not candid and intel-
ligent. Rut there was another point to which he
wished to say a word, and that was in regard to
the equivalents received by Maine for her sacrificed
territory. It appeared to him that they were great-
ly over-estimated by the Senator from Massachu-
setts. For instance, he would refer to the amount
paid by the General Government to Maine, for the
expenses of the military and civil posse forces, call-
ed out upon the occasion of the "Aroostook war."
These expenses were incurred in defending the
country from invasion, and upon everv principle of
constitutional obligation,should have been pntd by
the United Stales, whether the question had been
settled by treaty or not. It would seem, therefore,
to be hardly fair, a! though these expenses were pro-
vided for m the treaty, to regard tnem as a part of
the consideration received by Maine for the lands
surrendered to the British Government. The pay-
ment of a just debt by the General Government to
Maine, could not constitute an obligation on her
part to surrender any portion of her property either
to the English Government or to that of the United
States. Again: it is respectfully submitted, wheth-
er the advantages resulting from what is called the
free navigation of the river St. John are not greatly
exaggerated. It is admitted that there are many
timber lands lying upon the St. John, and the
streams emptying into it, whose value would be
greatly enhanced by the privilege of haying their
I products transposed down and fiom the rivci fire
| of tax or duty- U may bo recoilceted, however,
that upon a former day and another occasion, he
had shown how the design of the treaty of Wash-
ington had been frustrated, nnd the privilege ren-
dered of no value. That this privilege—the free
navigation of the St. John, the riyht to transport
American lumber and produce through it to the
sea, free of any and all tax or duty, and that priv-
ilege only—was regarded as of any value, will ap-
pear by reference to the correspondence which
immediately preceded the treaty, between the Brit-
ish Minister and the Secretary of State, [Mr. Web-
ster,") and between the latter and the Maine Com-
missioners. In the second letter of Lord Ashburton
to Mr. Webster, he says:
" I would that on the thuil settlement of these dif-
ferences, nil lumber and produce of the forest of the tubu-
tnrv water* oftheRt John, '■hall be received freely without
duty, ami dealt with mi every respect like the same articles
of New Hruii^wiek."
Mr. Webster, in his reply, under date of July
8, ]H43,says:
j| "It must not be denied that, to «ecure this privilege, and
to have a l icbt to enjov it, /) ec from tax, or toll, or other lia-
bility, or ivuhil't'j, is an object of considerable importance to
the people of Maine.''
Lord Ashburton, in his next letter, dated July
II, 1843, in alludingto this matter, says:
" It is considered by my Government as a very important
concoseimi. I am *nre it nm^t be considered by'all persons
in Maine, connected with the lumber trade, as not only val-
uable but independable: and f am compelled to add. that I
am empowered to allow thi* pnvih'go onl> in the event of
a settlement of the boundaivou satisfactory terms. It is
*aid,in the memorandum of the Maine commissioners, that
this conceded navigation will be useful lothe town of St.
John's as to the iuinberci-< of Maine; but it will not OKcnpe
vou that, even if this be s>o, it is a concession necessary to
give an\ value whatever to so bulky an article as lumber,
which, beina not otherwise disposable, would hear any icn-
"sonahle toll, which the provincial authorities of New limns-
wick might think it expedient to levy upon it. Further, it
should not be foigoucn that the limber, once at the month of
the St. John, will hnvo the privilege of reaching the British
as well as other markets and, lastly, that it is a very differ-
ent thing to hold a privilege of this impottant description by
right, oi by mere sufferance, to bo granted oi withheld at
pleasure."
Mr. Webster, in communicating this proposition
to the Maine commissioners, says:
" If this line should be agreed to, on the part of the United
States. I suppose that the British Minister would, as an
equivalent, stipulate, first, for the iu-c of the rivet St. John
for the conveyance of the timber growing on any of its
bianchcs to tide-water free from all discriminating tolls, im-
positions, oi disabilities of any kind, the timber enjoung all
the privileges of British colonial timber. All opinion* con-
cur that this privilege of navigation must greatly enhance
the value of the territory, and the timber growing thereon, ;
and prove exceedingly useful to the people of Maine." 1
The Maine commissioners, in their reply to the
proposition of the Secretary of State, say:
" If, upon mature consideration, the Senate of the United
States shall advise and consent to the ratification of a treaty,
corresponding in its terms with your proposal, and with the
conditions in our memorandum, accompanying this note,
(mai ked A,) and identified by our signatures, they by virtue
of the power vested in them by the resolves of the Legisla-
ture of Maine, give the assent of that State to such conven-
tional line, with the terms, conditions, and equivalents,
herein mentioned."
The memorandum marked A, contained the fol-
lowing:
"3d. That the ri«jlu of free navigation of the St. John, as
set forth in the proposition of Mr. Webster, on the part of
the United States, shall extend to, and include the products
of. the «oil in the same manner as the products of the fbrest,
and that ??o toll, tax, or duly be levied upon timler, coming
from the territory of Maine."'
Then follows the 3d article of the treaty, which
soys that
'All the produce of the forest, in Jogs, lumber, timber,'
&.C.,4 grown m any of those part" of the State of Maine
watered by the river St. John, or by its tributaries,' 'shall
have free access into, and through the said river and its
tributaiies, having their source withm the State of Maine,
to mid from the seaport at the mouth of the St. John, and to
and around the falls of the said rivei, either by boat*, rafts,
or other conveyance; that when within the province of
New Brunwick, the said produce shall be dealt with, as if
it were the produce of the ®aid province; that in like man-
ner, the inhabitants of the territory of the upper St. John,
determined by this tieatv to belong to het Britannic Majea-
tv, shall have free aeces* to, and through the river for their
1 produe'j, in those parts where the said liver runs wholly
tlnough the State of Maine.""
j Hero, then, under this article of the treaty, ac-
i companied hy the correspondence and qualified as-
i sent of the Maine commissioners, rests the right of
! that State to what she bought, and dearly paid for,
i the free navigation of the St. John. Is it sufficient
| for the purpose, or is it not? If it be, then the
' course of the British Government in imposing a tax
| on the timber cut from the forests of Maine, and
! passed down the St. John, is in violation of the
1 treaty, and this Government should insist on an
immediate repeal of the law, and a full and ample
remuneration to the citizens of Maine, from whom
tlie.se illegal exactions have been made. If the trea-
tv is not sufficient for the purpose, then the citizens
; of Maine must lament, that an unfortunate form of
1 expression has deprived them of advantages which
• they had supposed fully secured to them; and, in-
< deed, which seems to have been the supposition
i also of the Maine commissioners, and the Secreta-
| ry of State. The language of the correspondence,
] is, that the lumber, &c., referred to in the treaty,
j shall be subject to no "toll, tax,or duty," "orother
! liability or inability." The language of the treaty
| is in conformity with that of the correspondence, as
; construed by Maine. Hence it would seem that
I the tax is in violation of the treaty, and should be
j repealed and atoned for. But by a communication
j from Lord Aberdeen to Mr. Everett, Minister of
| the United States at London, under date of Decem-
[ ber 9, i844, it would seem that the British Gov-
; eminent seek a justification for this act in these
! words of the treaty—to wit: that the lumber, pro-
! dure, of Maine, "shall, when within the pro-
l vince of New Brunswick, be dealt with as if it
I were the produce of the said province.*' These
j words, it is contended, justify a tax or toll on lum-
i ber, &c., on passing dow n the river, if it be gener-
i til, and apply to the lumber of the province, as well
I as to the lumber of Maine. The lumbermen of
i Maine reply to this, and with great force, that these
j words were not intended to restrict and limit the
j right previously given of free exemption from toll,
| tax, or duty, but weie intended, on the contrary,
j to enlarge and extend the privileges attached to the
I Maine lumber; that is to say, it was not only to
s pass down and out of the river without being sub-
! jected to a tax or duty, but there should be no in-
i vidious or unjust discrimination made in the police
' and other regulations between the Maine lumber
: and the lumber of the province, when it reached
i the port of exportation at the mouth of the river.
! Rut, even if the British Government should be
I right in its construction of this article of the treaty,
j there are other grounds for showing a clear and
! palpable violation of it. It is contended by the
i British Government that a tax or toll may be xm-
j posed, provided it bear alike upon American and
[ province lumber. Suppose it were so—grant the
| correctness of the position to its full extent—and
| still the provincial statute will be found to be a
j direct and palpable violation of the treaty. The
| first section, in which a tax or duty is imposed
' alike on all lumber, &c. shipped from the province
