646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
of New Brunswick, contains the following proviso,
to wit:
(< 4 Provided always* and be it further cnwJed, That the duty
imposed by this section shall not pavable upon the ex-
portation of anv timbei,' &.c., ' which vhall have be?n cut
upon crown lands under <i license fioin the Ireutenant-Gov-
ernor or admuusUator of taeGovcrnm"itt ioi the time beinjj,
before thi> ait shall cumc into operation, nor upon any tsmbci,
&c., cut upon gi anted lands within thi* piovincc, and actu-
ally carried to the poit of shipment bi'loro tins act shall come
into opeianon, and the dune-, hereby imposed shall be remit-
ted as hereinafter ptovided.5 3>
This act, which was passed March 25,1844, was
not to go into operation until the 1st day of May
next following. Inasmuch, therefore, as all the
timber cat for the year was cat on both sides of
the line before the 1st of May, it will be perceivcd
that all the lumber of those operating upon the
British side of the line was exempt from taxation
for the year while all the lumber cut from
the American side of the hoe was made subject to
a tax of twenty cents per thousand superficial feet.
But this is not all. Even if there had been no
such discrimination between American and Ihitish
timber, in the form alluded to, there i-> a dis 'rum-
nation in another lorm, equally in violation of the
treaty, and far more odious, he,\.use i; seems to be
the offspring of trick and contuvance. It conF^ts
in an ellectual refunding the tax or duty to the pro-
vincial lumberman, by charging htm nothing for
"stumpage," or the "privilege of cutting timber
upon the crown lands. The timber m the forest
is given to him upon his paying a tax ui toll when
the timber airives at the mouth of the n\er, theie-
by enabling the provincial Government, to prcscne
the forms of equality m the imposition of taxes,
while, in fact, tiie grossest partiality and injustice
is practised. There is, to lie sure, no express pro-
vision in tins act for refunding the duty, ex. ept as
before stated; but it is done under other, though
less public authority. Lord Aberdeen, 111 replying
to Mr. Everett's complaints foi tins cause, not
only does not deny it, but admits and justifies it.
Moreover, it is evident enough in the preamble to
the report, which runs thus:
" VVheieas, in consequence of the alteration of protective
duties upou colonial timber, and otiwi cncuin^Umeej aft'ou-
iiig its value, it h thought iea:Onabie ami j'c-t to letiucc
tile rates of tonnage duty (or 'stumpa^e') in timber and lum-
ber cut upon the ci own lands, anil to adopt a [c.-..- ilitlicult
and ex.ien^ive mo.de toi it= collection,&.o , &e.
Here the purpose is directly avowed to collect
the " stumpage" 111 the form of a duly on expor-
tation; and whatever pretence may be "set up rela-
ting to an alteration of the protective duties, the
design is too plain and palpable to be mistaken by
anyone; it is to evade a plain treaty obligation,
and replenish the provincial treasury by illegal and
unjust exactions from the lumbermen of Maine.
If he (Mi. F.) had taken a corrcet view of this
subject, it presents a case calling loudly for le-
dress, and he hoped that the powerful talents and
influence of the Senator from Massachusetts would
be exerted to obtain it. Especially, as the treaty
negotiated by him, and construed, as it seems to
have been by the British Government, has not only
been of no advantage or benefit to Maine, but, on
the contrary, a positive injury. For, prior to this
treaty, no toll or duty whatever was exacted.
Since the treaty, a duty is imposed which goes far
to swallow up the hard-earned profits of the poor
lumbermen. But there was one other occurrence
to which he felt bound to allude, which had done
much to strengthen and confirm the dissatisfaction
of the people of Maine with the treaty of Wash-
ington. He referred to the debate which occurred
in the British Parliament, in March, 1843, upon
the subject of this treaty, in which disclosures were
made that stamped the course of the British Gov-
ernment with the deepest colors of fraud. This is
strong language, but no stronger, he believed, than
the transaction fully justified. The Senate would
permit him to lead from Hansard's Parliamentary
debates, volume 5, page 1248, a part of the speech
of Sir Robert Peel in reply to Lord Palmerston.
The latter gentleman had assailed the treaty of
"Washington for yielding so much to the American
claim,and insisting, that, by an arbitration England
would have obtained a much larger portion of the
disputed territory than she did under the treaty.
Lord Palmerston also alluded to the map, said to
have been discovered by Mr. Sparks, at Pans, on
which the line was laid down agreeably to the Eng-
lish claim, and alleged to have been done by Dr.
franklin. Sir Robert replies that this is of no
iorce, inasmuch as there is no evidence whatever
connecting it with Dr. Franklin, and then goes on
to say:
<• But there is still another map. Here—in this country—
in the library of the hue Knur. was deposited a map, by
Mitchell, of the date of 1783. That map was in the posses-
sion of the late Km?, and it was aho in possession of the
vohle lord, hut he did not communicate its contents to Mi.
Webster. It is marked by a broad red line, and on that line
is written, 'boundary as described hi our negotiator, Mr, Os-
vald;i and that line follows the claim of the United States.
That map was on an extended scale. It was in possession
of the late Kiu«j, who was paitioularly curious in respect
to creoffinphicn! inqumo* On that map, T repent, is placed
the boundary hue—that claimed by the United States—and
on four difh'ient place*? on that line, 'boundary as described
bv Oswald.' Now, f do not -nv th.it that w:i« the boandaiy
ultimately j-ett'ed bv the negotiators; but nothing can be
more fallacious than (minding a e'.utn upon eoniempoiary
map«, unless you c.m aKo p'ovc thai the\ wnc adopted by
The negotiator ; and when th^ noble loult'iko-s if for granted
that, if we had resorted to oibit'ation. we should have been
successful in obtaining our chim*, I cannot help thinking'
the matter would have b.'en open to much diM-us-sion. In-
deed. I do iK't Ic'ici cn. tft* chin of Gro't Britain u <<s veil
funnel; that it is a claim which the negotiators intended to
rahfv."
Now, wuh these admissions and disclosures be-
fore the world, is there any language 1(10 strong in
which to charaetrii/e the cousc of the British Gov-
ernment5 They show, that dining the whole
course of Urn e-mfrovcrsy in regard to the north-
■ eastern hound,u v, prioj to the negotiations of the
: treaty of I£-12, there wns in the possession of the
Kins:, and in the Polish archives, a map—Mitch-
ell's map—which, it is well known, was the map
used by the, negotiators of the treaty of 1783, on
which the line is trn^ed bv Mr. Oswald, (the Brit-
ish commissioner who ne£otic>ted the provisional
articles of this treaty. November, 1782,) in cxact
occoidanec with thr claims of the United States.
If hns always been known, therefore, to the Brit-
ish Government, that their claim was an unjust
nir; and still it has been persevered in—pressed
and proscnucd c\en to the very verge of war. If
it be regarded as too strong an inference from the
possession of tins map, that the British title was
known to be unfounded, he would add the express
declaration of Sir Robert Pcei, m the same speech,
that he "did no! believe the claim of England to be well
found-ed.'* Now, sir, transfer this transaction to
private life, and how would it bo regarded? What
would be said of one who should make an effort,
through the forms of law or otherwise, to obtain
the possesion and piopertv in his neighbor's farm,
when he bad full and ample evidence in his pocket
that the mrht and title to the farm was fully in his
neighbor, and not m himself? Is there one code
of morals for individuals and another for nations?
On the contrary, does not the same immutable
principles of ri^ht, of truth, of justice, apply to
both; and fraud and deception deserve as strong
and emphatic a reprobation in one case as in the
other?
But this hansaction contracts a deeper dye when
we trace it a step farther. It appeals by the dec-
laration of Sir Robert Peel, that at the very time
Lord Ashburton was in this country, and negotia-
ting the treaty of Washington, he had in his pos-
session this identical map. Notwithstanding this,
he permits himself to say, in a letter to the Secre-
tary of State, of June 13, 1843:
" We believe the position maintained by us on the subject
of thi? boundary to he founded in ju&ticc arid equity; and we
deny that we have been determined in our piet'ensions by
policy and expedience."
Again: he says, in his letter of the 21st of June:
"I will only here add the most solemn as^manee, which
I would not hyhttv make, that after a long and caieful con-
sideialion of ail the atgumcnts and inferences, direct and
ciicnm?tantial, beating on the whole of this trulv difficult
question, it is my settled conviction that it was the intention
of the parties ro the treaty of peace of J 783, however imper-
fectly these intentions may have been executed, to leave to
Great Britain, by their description of boundaries, the whole
of the waters of the St. John."
How such declarations could be made by one
having in his possession the evidence that the line
crossed the mam branch of the St. John, and ex-
tended some sixty or seventy miles beyond it to the
highlands dividing the waters emptying themselves,
on the one hand into the St. Lawrence, and on
the other, into the Atlantic ocean, agreeably to the
American claim, isnot for him to explain. Indeed,
it seemed to him inexplicable and astounding. Un-
der all these circumstances, he might well appeal
to probabilities in regard to the correctness of the
opinion expressed, that the people of Maine were
fully satisfied with this treaty—a treaty which gave
to England over three million acres of territory as
incontcstably the property of that State as any one
of the many millions of acres which now constitute
her broad domain. He had intended to have allu-
ded to other topics, such as the quality and value
of the lands transferred, the important military ad-
vantages surrendered, &c.; but *'the morning hour"
having elapsed, he-would not trespass upon the
rightsof the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Bagey?}
who is now entitled to the floor.
When Mr. F. had concluded—
Mr. WEBSTER desired permission to occupy
a few minutes, for the purpose of replying to some
of the remarks of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. BAG-BY remarked that he was apprehen-
sive that this episode was likely to consume a good
deal of time. He had stated to the Senator from
Maine that he cared not how the morning hour
was disposed of, so that the time appropriated to
the discussion of the special order should not be
interfered with. Pie was not at all inclined, how-
ever, to depart from that practice of courtesy to-
wards individual Senators which usually prevail-
ed, and ho would say to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts that, if this "collateral discussion could be
terminated within a reasonable time, he would
yield all claim to the floor until it was ended. •
Mr. WESTCOTT here moved that, when the
Senate adjourns, it adjourn to meet again on Mon-
day next.
Upon this motion the yeas and nays were taken;
and the motion was negatived, by yeas 16, nays
26.
Mr. WEBSTER observed that he wished to
say only a very few words, and, if the Senator
would yield him the floor for ten minutes, it would
be sufficient. But if it were at all disagreeable to
the Senator to do so, he would take some other
opportunity.
Mr. BAGBY said he would not only yield to
the Senator the time he asked for, but a longer
time.
Mr. WEBSTER then said he was only about
•to remark that he was very much inclined to ad-
here to the opinion which he had all along enter-
tained, notwithstanding all that had been said by
the Senator from Maine. He would not assert
that there could not be found in the State of Maine
individuals who wished that the treaty of Wash-
ington -were undone, and that things should stand
again as they did before the formation of that
tieaty. There might be men who wished this, he
would admit; but what he meant to assert was
this, and it was what he fully believed, that there
was in Maine no considerable number of persons
who would be now willing to annul that treaty,
and place the Government again in the position it
was in4 of being obliged to arbitrate.
The gentleman had spoken of the confidence of
the people of the State of Maine in her title to the
territory which she claimed. There was no sort
of doubt upon that point; but it must be remem-
bered that England had spoken as confidently of
her right, and each Government had stipulated that
it would not insist upon its own judgment, but
would leave the matter to an arbitration. Know-
ing the length of time it would take for the settle-
ment of the controversy by arbitration, and the
uncertainty that would neccssariJyattend it, he re-
peated that he did not believe there was anybody,
or at least any considerable number of persons, m
Maine, who would wish to reverse the matter and
go back to arbitration.
As to the money which had been received by the
State of Maine, the gentleman seemed to regard it
as unjust that the United States should have been
bound to pay it. All that he had to say in regard
to that was, that was a matter of equity which was
open to the consideration of Congress whether the
State should be remunerated the expense of defend-
ing her jurisdiction.
"As to that portion of the treaty which related to
the St. John's river, it was settled just as the Maine
Commissioners -wished it. They were entirely
satisfied. It appeared to him that if complaint was
to be made by anybody, it should have been by
those intelligent gentlemen who represented the
State of Maine at the formation of the treaty; it
was their act, not his. They lived in the very neigh-
borhood of the disputed boundary, and came here
to defend the rights of their State. They were the
parties, then, who should be held responsible.
The gentleman had said he thought it clear that
England had palpably and plainly violated the
treaty by the acts of her colonial authorities. It
might be so; but if it were so, it was no fault of the
