1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
treaty; the best treaty in the world might be vio-
lated; and if violated., it was the business of the
Oovernraent to obtain redress. He understood the
gentleman to say that the State of Maine would not
have complained if the navigation of the St. John's
had been obtained by the ceusion of the lands north
of that river. In regard to that, he thought it
might safely be said that the quantity of land ceded
by the treaty was of quite as little value as that in-
dicated by the-gentleman. The whole of it would
not perhaps be worth fifty thousand dollars to the
State in a hundred years. As to that, Maine could
judge for herself, but he wished that it should be
understood that the question was one which was
difficult of settlement, and that the Government of
the United States was exceedingly embarrassed
by it.. •
One word as to the debate in the British Parlia-
ment. Me was not about to make any accusation
of unfairness. There were different maps marked
differently, and so far favoring the opposite claims
of the two Governments. He thanked the gentle-
man from Alabama for allowing him a portion of
. his time.
Mr. BAG BY commenced with an expression of
his belief, that there was great unanimity in the
Senate and in the country in favor of giving the
notice, as a right reserved to either of the parties
to the convention, in the treaty itself. This point
admitted, he noticed the remark of the Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Mangbm] yesterday,
that it was not competent to Congress, m the exe-
cution of its constitutional functions, to put an
end to this convention. He denied the correctness
of the application of this objection to the present
case, because the treaty itself provided for it, and
the action of Congress was directed only to the
carrying out of this provision of the treaty.
He was always in favor of terminating the con-
vention. One reason was, that he would make the
position of the settlers in Oregon more delhiite and
secure; and another was, because it would have
the effect of settling the respective claims of the
two Governments on a permanent basis. As to
the title itself, he would not consumc the time of
the Senato by going into an elaborate investigation
of the chain of "discoveries, which had been already
dwelt on St sufficient length. He would content
himself with stating that, on the discovery by
Gray, the subsequent exploration of Lewis and
Clarke, and the superaddition of the Spanish title,
he based the title of the United States, against
Great Britain, to the whole of the territory claim-
ed by us, as stronger and more sustainable than
any other which could bo opposed to it. Resting
on discovery, exploration, • and settlement, and
adding to that the title of Spain, our title was tne
best. He did not concur in the opinion, that Spain
had abandoned her title at .Nootka Sound.
While he thus contended that our right and title
to the whole territory up to 54° 40' was thebe.st,
. he, however, did not insist on our perfect title to
that part of the territory which was washed by
*. Frazer's river. On the ground of discovery, there-
fore, he thought that Great Britain could maintain
a superior title there. Great Britain, in pushing
her discoveries in this territory, never contempla-
ted the establishment of her sovereignty over the
soil. She did not look beyond commercial rights—
• the privileges of fishing and trading.
He referred to the course of the debate which
had taken place on this question—on the thrilling
manner in which all the horrors of war had been
brought forward and depicted. Referring to the
picture of the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. John-
son,] held up to the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
BreeseJ of the widow of a slaughtered soldier
reproaching him for the loss of her husband, he
(Mr. B.) said that, if he thought the honor of the
country required it, he would not be deterred nom
doing his duty by considerations connected with
individual misery. The Senator from South Car-
olina, also, had alarmed the Senate with a perspec-
tive of a seven years' war, a debt of fifteen hun-
dred millions, and,-at its close, a contest among
. the seven generals (for he had asserted the neces-
sity of maintaining seven armies) for the Pres-
idency. But he (Mr. B.) quoted the two wars in
which we have already been enraged, the first of
which raised the Father of his Country, and the
second, the statesman who had been called the
hero of two wars, to the Presidential seat, without
bringing on the country "any of those dangers
which the Senator from South Carolina so much
dreaded. Our security, in his opinion, was to be
found in the intelligence of the people of the Uni-
ted States, which would always prevent them
from being made the mere instruments of personal
ambition.
The Texas question having been mixed up with
this debate, he took occasion to make the declara-
tion that he had always been the friend of the an-
nexation of Texas. But he had his own views as
to the time and the manner in which it should be
accomplished. He was not in favor of too great !
precipitancy, but preferred to leave time for the j
free and deliberate action of the intelligence of the '
people of Texas. ;
As to the northeastern boundary question, he i
said a few words, in explanation of his vote against
the treaty of Washington: the main reasun for
which was, that it did not embrace ail the ques-
tions in dispute. It was not from any suspicions
that the negotiators of the treaty had acted im-
properly. The treaty was ratiiieil, and, as far as he
was concerned, it would stand forever.
The Baltimore convention had also been touched
on. lie regarded that convention as a court of
limited jurisdiction. It was called for the purpose
| of nominating a President and Vice President;
having done taut; the convention ought to have
adjourned: and having mcuuic-a with the Oicgoii
question, it had excetued its jurisdiction.
lie eulogized tin? iiess.ig'e of the President in
relation to the Uregon question, as the most
clear and able document \\luch had e\er come
under his observation. Tin re was nothing in that
Message to bear out the doubts v. hich hud been
expressed as to his true mcmim*; of the extent of
our title. No one could doubt the sincerity and i
succinctness with wliic li he asserted it up lo 54° 41)'. j
He proceeded to refer to the various point,s in the
Message, and to give the construction which they
severally appeared to be susceptible of, and com-
plained of tlie misrepresentation to which it had
been subjected in many of its portions, and of the
undeserved censure which luid been cast, on it.
An offer of compromise, whether accepted or
rejected, does not alt'ect the previous rights of the
parties. He did not admit that the oner we had
made to compromise imposed any obligation on us
to renew, or accept it, if oifered, at any subsequent
period. There appeared to bun to be an incon-
sistency in those who desired to thro w ail the re-
sponsiuiiity of war on tiie United States in any
case. They were willing to fight up to 49°. Yet
Great Britain had rejected the offer of 49°; and
with whom, then, is the blame, the responsibility
of war, if war arise on that point, to rest? He
bolived if the notice had been given in December,
the question would have been by this time peace-
fully settled. Delay giving the notice until another
session, and it will be found that the question will
then present as great a ditiieuky as now. Pie would
i not rely on time v. ithoul action, and he was there-
fore opposed to " masterly inactivity."
Tin: reduction of the tariif was an object dearer
to his heart than any other political question; but
rather than abanuon an iota of our rights in Ore-
gon, he was prepared to sacrifice even that object.
He gave a glowing description of our destiny as it
is evidently marked out, and expressed his fervent
hope that we should not, by any departure from
the great principles of justice, do anything winch
would thwart the designs of Providence in our
favor.
| He would be willing to vote for any treaty which
| does not implicate our honor or seriously affect
| our rights.
I Commenting on the language used by Sir Rob-
! ert Peel respecting the course of Mr. Pakenham
i in rejecting the offer of 49°, ho saw in it no disap-
I probation of the course of the Minister; and he
I did not infer from it that the British Cabinet dis-
approved of Mr. Pakenham's course.
Air. B. declared that an oiler of 49° having been
rejected, he would not make any other offer, either
, of 49° or any other parallel of compromise.
' In negotiating with Great Britain, he believed
| that we were dealing with a hard customer, in
! dealing with whom no one ever came out a great
; gainer.
: While he was in favor first of the naked form of
' notice, as it came from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, if he could not obtain that, he would go
for that which came from the House of Represent-
atives, although lie had some objection to the sec-
ond proposition. Its passage in the House by so
great- a majority strongly recommended it to his
approbation. I1 or the proposition of the Senator
from Georgia, he could not vote in any case. He
did not consider the expression in that resolution,
on the subject of compromise on a line rejected, as
proper in an act of Congress; and such this notice
would be when passed.
Mr. UPHAM moved that the Senate adjourn—
ayes 19, noes 17.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jlpril 10,1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part; and,
on motion of Mr. HlLLIARD, the further reading
was dispensed with—
And then the Journal was approved.
A PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. IIILLIARD asked leave to make a person-
al explanation.
And leave having been granted—
Mr. HlLLIARD said: Mr. Speaker, I desire to
sav a few words in regard to the occurrences of
yesterday. It will be remembered that in the re-
marks which I had the honor first to submit to the
House yesterday, I stated that it was not my pur-
pose to undertake the defence of Mr. Webster;
but that I hoped a thorough investigation of the
charges made against him would result in leaving
him in the enjoyment of that high reputation
which he now possessed, and which was not limit-
ed to his own country, but extended throughout
Europe.
My honoiable colleague thought proper to ex-
press lus surprise at my statement of the extent of
Mr. Webster's reputation, and added charges to
those already made against that distinguished Sen-
ator. I felt it my duty to explain what I had said,
and, in the course of liiy remarks, was going on to
f-.ty that next to the nome of Washington—a name
placed, both at home and abroad, quite beyond that
of other men—I had heard the name of no other
American mentioned cftener than that of Mr. Web-
ster, and it was always mentioned with respect and
admiration.
In the midst of this remark I was interrupted by
an expression of impatience on the part of some
members of the House, who understood me to be
about to assert that the same sort of veneration
attached to the name of Mr. Webster, which waa
universally accorded to that of Washington. I did
not intend to convey any such idea; but simply to
express, in strong terms, my sense of Mr. Web-
ster's wide-spread reputation—a reputation which,
like that of other eminent Americans, constitutes
a portion of the moral property of the nation. I
hope now that I shall be understood. Let me add,
sir, that when .111 American finds himself in a for-
eign country, the. mists of party pass away from
his eves, and, as he looks across the broad Atlan-
tic, he regards his whole country and its public
men without reference to those unhappy divisions
which sometimes exist at home. In this way, I re-
joiced to hear others spoken of in terms of admira-
tion, which showed that their high qualities were
known and appreciated. 1 might name Calhoun,'
Clay, and others, who have earned a fame which
elevates the American name. A gentleman near
me inquires how General Jackson was regarded in
Europe. X unhesitatingly say that his name is
always mentioned there in terms which makes the
bosom of an American thrill with something of
the feelings which swelled thebosom of Mr. Clay,
who happened to be in Paris when the news of the
victory of New Orleans reached there; and who,
to use his own language, " walked the Boulevards
of that city an inch taller than he was before." He
is no longer living, and I was speaking only of the
living, not of the illustrious dead) who form no fit
standards of comparison for those who, in the
midst of the contests of life, are yet subject to its
infirmities.
Having thus explained myself, I must make my
acknowledgments to the House, for the uniform
courtesy which it has extended to me, and for the
opportunity which has been given me this morning
of explaining a remark which was for the moment
misunderstood.
THE CASE OF JICLEOD.
The SPEAKER again announced the unfinished
