648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
business to be the following resolution, offered last
evening by Mr. Bayly:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to transmit to this House, if not in-
consistent with the public interest, copies of the
correspondence in 1841, between the President of 1
the United States and the Governor of New York, 1
relative to the appeiuance of Joshua A. Spencer, !
Esq., District Attorney of the United States for the |
western district of New York, in the courts of the j
State of New York, as counsel for Alexander Mc- 1
Leod. ;
To which resolution Mr. Ashmujj had offered 1
the following amendment: j
Resolved, That the Secretary of State inform this '
House whether any person has been permitted to
violate the secrecy of the Department of State by 1
examination of the confidential and private papers
or documents which are placed m his keeping-, and i
if so, when said violation took place, and by whom j
it was committed, or whether he has commumca- I
ted to any person any parts of the contents of said
papers or documents which are thus confidentially j
m his keeping-, and if so, to whom, and when said j
communication was made. j
This amendment the Speaker, (Mr. Hopkins, '
pro tem.,) had declared to be out of order, on the
ground that it was a different subject-matter from '
that embraced in the original resolution. I
From this decision Mr. Asiimuu had appealed, i
And, pending the appeal, the House had ad- ■
journed. \
So the question now was, " Shall the decision of ;
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House r"
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved that the rules of ■
the House be suspended, and that the House re- ;
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. j
The SPEAKER decided the motion to be not i
now in order.
The resolution and the proposed amendment
having been read—
Mr. ASHMUN said that he had yesterday so i
modified the resolution as to make the call upon the 1
President. The Clerk did not so read it. Mr. A. ;
hoped that the modification would be made. <
The resolution was accordingly so modified. !
The SPEAKER said: The Speaker concurs in
the decision made by the gentleman who occupied
the chair yesterday, that the amendment inasmuch ,
as it was on a subject entirely different and (lis- ;
tinct from the onainal resolution, was not in order.
The 55th rule is in the following; words : 1
" No motion or proposition on a subject different
* from that under consideration, shall be admitted 1
* under color of amendment." i
Now (continued the SPEAKER) the original '
resolution calls for copies of certain papeis; and 1
the other for certain evidences of the violation of
the private archives of the State Department. .
The Speaker, therefore, sustains the decision given
yesterday. :
Mr. ASIIMUN desired to call the attention of'
the Speaker to the following passage from the |
Manual. ,
"If an amendment be proposed inconsistent;
1 with one already agreed to, it is a fit ground for
4 its rejection by the House; but not within the ;
< competency of the Speaker to suppress, as if it '
4 were against order, for were he permitted to draw 1
' questions of consistence within the vortex of or- 1
' der, lie might usurp a negative on important !
* modifications, and suppress, instead of subserv-
' ing, the legislative will."1
Mr. A. continued. I protest against the decision. 1
I want to get at the proof of the origin of the con-
spiracy. Let the House vote the resolution down
if it will, hut lot it not get rid of it upon the plea 1
that it is not in order.
Mr. Ox. S. HOUSTON. Does the gentleman
charge a conspiracy ? 1
Mr. ASHMUN. I do.
Mr. HOUSTON. On the part of whom?
Mr. ASHMUN. Not of that gentleman. '
Mr. HOUSTON. With whom was the con- '
spiracy made;
Mr. ASHMUN, With one member of this
House and another conspirator behind him.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman say
whom he intends to include in the conspiracy with
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C.'J. In-
gersoll r]
Mr. AS'HMUN. If any gentleman feels him-
self implicated, let him ask me the question, and
I "will answer him.
Mr. HOUSTON, Does the gentleman intend
to include the President, or Secretary of State, in j
this conspiracy which he alleges to exist?
Mr. ASHMUN. When I get the information,
I shall use it as I see fit. 1 do not stand here to
be catechized—
Mr. HOUSTON. Then, sir 
The SPEAKER, Does the gentleman yield
the floor?
Mr. ASHMUN declined.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I have to say that the
gentleman has made a charge of conspiracy which
lie dare not disclose, because he himself knows the
charge to be untrue.
Mr. W. HUNT interposed to order 
And the SPEAKER enjoined it.
Mr. ASHMUN. I have made a charge, and I
propose to prove it by the information to be devel-
oped. Let gentlemen vote for the resolution, and
they will see 
Kir. HOUSTON. The gentleman may, for
aught we know, be charging a conspiracy between
the gentleman from Pennsylvania and any one in
the streets; and I say that if he intends to include
the President, or the Secretary of State, the charge
is totally untrue, and I am willing that any inform-
ation lis can call for should come.
Mr. COBB took the fiooi\
Mr. HOPKINS asked him to yield for a mo-
ment.
Mr. ASHMUN. I have the floor, and I do not
yield it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentlemairto have yielded the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman did yield Jt.
Mr. ASHMUN said he had not yielded.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Cobb] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COBB yielded to
Mr. HOPKINS, who said he would not detain
the House for more than a few moments. He did !
not intend to enter into the controversy, but he j
wished to make a single remark on the point of j
order. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. ;
Ashmun] who had taken the appeal, had thought
proper to refer to the Manual, and had read an
extract, which, with great deference to the opinion
of the gentleman, he (Mr. H.) submitted, had i
nothing whatever to do with the question of order, j
The question of order arose, not under the Maim- !
al, but under an arbitrary rule of this House, j
winch, in this particular, modified and changed j
the Maniud, and became the fixed law of the i
House, lie granted tiiat in a case like that in the \
Manual, if it depended on that, the gentleman I
would be right. JJut the case m the Manual was !
not embraced in the question here. The Manual ,
said: i
"If an amendment be proposed inconsistent with |
4 one already agreed to, it is a fit ground for its re- j
' jection by the House; but not withm the compe- j
' tence of the Speaker to suppress, as if it were j
' against order. !
Now, under the 55th rule of the House, (which t
had been read by the Speaker,) the question was, '
whether the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] was a dif- 1
ferent proposition from that offered by the gentle- ;
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.] On that point '
there could be no doubt. As the Speaker had very 1
properly said, tiie resolution of the gentleman from !
Virginia called for copies of papers; the amend-
ment, as the gentleman himself admitted, was a call •
for information to impeach the Secretary of State.
It had no connexion at all with the othersubject. '
Mr. ASHMUN. Will the gentleman allow me ;
to explain ?
Mr. HOPKINS yielding— l!
Mr. ASHMUN said: U is not my object to im- ,
peach the Secretary of State. You will bear me ■]
witness that yesterday a member from the State of |!
Pennsylvania said that he had personal knowledge j
of the improper use of this secret fund. By this i
inquiry, I ask how the gentleman got his informa- j
tion, whether wrongfully, or whether the Secretary 1
of State permitted him to get it ? j
Mr. HOPKINS. I am not complaining of the ;
call. The gentleman has a right to make it. But 1
that is not the question. Does the gentleman's call 1
embrace information of the kind contemplated by
the resolution of the gentleman from Virginia ? It
seems to me there is no affinity between the two.
Mr. COBB. The question of order does not
necessarily involve the merits of the resolution pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts. If,,
at a proper timey the gentleman shall think proper
to introduce a resolution of that kind7 and to sus-
tain it by such personal charges on his part as wiU
authorize its adoption, it will be time enough to-
consider the matter. The only question now be-
fore us is on the point of order. It is not neces-
sary to detain the House with a debate on that
matter. And J move that the appeal be laid on the
table.
Mr. ASHMUN asked the yeas and nays on the
appeal, which were ordered; and being taken ^re-
sulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
BayJv, Benson, Bu&s, J- Black, J. A. Blaek, Rowlm, Brin-
kerhoff, Rrodhead, William G. Brown, Burt, Cathcartr
Reuben Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Cobb, Cullom, Cun-
ningham, Daniel, J. Davi&, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbinr
Dunlap, Ellsworth, Erdman, Faran, Poster, Garvin, Giles,
Goodyear, Gordon, Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Harmanson,.
llenle\, Hoge, Hopkins,Hough, G. S. Houston,E. W. Hub-
ard, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Hunter, Jenkins, James
II. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George
VVr Jones, Seaborn Jones;, Preston King, Lawrence, La
Sere, fngon, Lumpkin, Maelay, McCJean, McClelland,.
McClcrimnrt, McConnell, J. J. McDowell, James McDow-
ell, McKay, John P. Martin, Barkley Martin, Morris,
Morse, Niven, Norris, Owen, Payne, Price, Rathbun, Eeid,
Ritter, Roberts, Sawtclle, Sawyer, Scammon, Se'ddonr
Leonard H Sims, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stark-
weather, St. John, Strong,. Sjkes, Thomasson, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thurman,Tibbatts, Tredwayy
Wentworth, Wlieaton, Wick, Williams, Wilmot, Wood,.
Woodwaid, Yancey, and Yell..—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q. Adams, Arnold, Ash-
mun, Barrmger, Bell, Blanchard, Milton Brown, Wm. W\
Campbell, John G. Chapman, Cooke, Collamer, Cranstony
Orozier, Culver, Garrett Davis, Dixon, Doekery, Dromgoole,
Edwin H. Ewing, Foot, Fries-, Graham, Gnnnelt, Haraptonr
Haipor, Ililliard, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washington
Hunt, Charles J. Tngersoll, Joseph R. Insersoll, Thomas B.
Kimj, Lewis, X.ong, McGaugiiey, McHenry, Mellvairier
Mar«.h. Miller, Moselev, Pendleton, Pollock, Ramsey, Julius
Rockwell,John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Sehenek, Sever-
ance, Simpson, Truman Smith, Albert Smith. Caleb -B.
Smith, Stewart, Tilden, Trumbo, Vinton, White, Win-
throp, and Young—61.
So the House affirmed the decision of the Speak-
er.
And the amendment of Mr. Ashmun Was de-
clared to be out of order.
Whereupon the question recurred on the adop-
tion of the resolution of Mr. Bayly.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK asked Mr. B. to withdraw ther
demand, to enable him (Mr. S.) to offer an amend-
ment, as he was understood to say.
The demand was not withdrawn.
And the question being taken thereon,, the vots
stood, ayes 98, noes 35.
So there was a second.
The main question was then ordered; and being
taken, the resolution was adopted.
SENATOR WEBSTER.
Mr. DANIEL rose and addressed the Chair.
Mr. DIXON rose, he said, to a privileged ques-
tion. He moved that the vote by which the reso-
lution calling for certain information in relation to
Senator Webster had yesterday been adopted, be
reconsidered.
A conversation followed on one or two subordi-
nate points of order, after which
Mr. McCLELLAND raised the point of order,
that the resolution had gone to the President of
| the United States; that it had passed from under
| the control of this House, and that, therefore, a
I motion to reconsider was not in order.
j The SPEAKER. The Chair is not apprized
■ of what the actual condition of the matter is.
| Mr. McCLELLAND. I ask the Clerk through
I the Speaker, whether the faet is not as I have
' suited—that the resolution has gone to the Presi-
! dent?
' The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
such is the fact.
j Mr. McCLELLAND. Then I call the atten-
I tion of the Speaker to a fact of which I suppose
j he is aware, that this very question was raised
j during the last Congress. A bill or resolution was
| passed, and sent to the Senate. The next morn-
! ing a motion was made to reconsider the vote,
j The Chair said that the motion was out of order, be-
I cause the bill or resolution had passed from under
j the jurisdiction of the Hottse. A motion was then
; made that a messenger be sent to the Senate, to
; obtain possession of the bill or resolution, so that
j the motion to reconsider could be based apon a
> subject-matter which came within the jurisdiction
