650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
readily as any man in this House to make the in-
quiry.
Mr. DIXON resuming, said he did not rise to
make charges. He was not one of the favored few,
who were permitted to prowl around annd tlie se-
cret records of the Executive Department, aided by
the underlings of that department, or anybody else.
He was not permitted to look there; and if he was
permitted, he should blush to take that means of
information; if lie had an enemy, he would not go
to the secret archives of the nation for means of
attack against him.
As he had before said, he did not stand here as
the defender of the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts; but he wished to reply to some of the
charges against him, brought, among1 others, by the
honorable gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Yancey.]
For that gentleman, he had before entertained the
highest respect, and he did not say now but that
he still entertained that respect, though he confessed
he was sony to hear him make the charges against
the Senator ftom Massachusetts, which he had
made in the heat of debate. The gentleman al-
luded to the course of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, during the last war, as having been adverse
to the interests of the country during that war.
Mr. P. could see no occasion tor going back to the
political divisions which existed at that time, and
ringing that gentleman out, and making a personal
charge upon him for the position which he held at
what was equally as bad as burning blue-lights.
He presumed this allusion of the gentleman to blue-
lights was against Connecticut.  
Mr. INGERSOLL. Not the State of Connecti-
cut. Against individuals in the State of Connecti-
cut the charge was made in an, official despatch of
Commodore Decatur.
The SPEAKER interposed, and said this debate
was irrelevant. TheChair could not ascertain what
connexion blue-lights had to the subject before the
House.
Mr. DIXON said if the gentleman meant to in-
sinuate that citizens of Connecticut ever burned
i blue-lights for the purpose of guiding the enemy,
j it was not true; he could find no proof of it what-
1 ever.
1 Mr. YANCEY (in reference to the remark of
| the Speaker) said he thought it had a direct refer-
| ence to the question; blue-lights and Mr. Webster
! were intimately connected.
: Mr. DIXON (resuming) thought he could show
j lights rather more blue, of a deeper azure, if he was
| allowed to go into the character of other individu-
j als. He was willing to meet gentlemen upon that
' question.
| But the gentleman said further, that Mr. Web-
: ster once said he would oppose appropriations to
: defend this Capitol, if the British were thundering
j at its walls. The gentleman had misstated him, un-
intentionally, no doubt. What Mr. Webster did
that time, in common with many others. But it >, say was—(Mr. D. did not defend him; he went for
seemed to him peculiarly unfortunate, considering
the other names which were associated with that
of Mr. Webster at that period. He wo"ld like
to ask the Gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C.
J. J\tgkrsoi,l,] whether it was true that he himself,
who, together with the gentleman from Alabama,
was attacking Mr. Webster's conduct during the
l.i-st war, had over said, as was reported of him,
that if lie had lived m the time of the Revolution,
he should have been a torv?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes.
Mr. DIXON. The gentleman had a right to—
Mr. INGERSOLL. Certainly I had the right.
Mr. DIXON (continuing) lepeated that the gen-
tleman had a right to that opinion; but under the
circumstances, he thought this allusion of Mr.
Yancey peculiarly unfortunate. He wished to ask
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, whether a
certain other distinguished gentleman, from whom
the gentleman cxpected to get his information, had
ever said, as was commonly reported, that if he
had a drop of democratic blood in his veins, and
knew where it was, he would cut the \ein, and let
it out.
Mr. INGERSOLL was understood to say, No;
I believe not.
Air. BRODHEAD (Mr. D. yielding) begged j
the country, Constitution or no Constitution; we
had a Constitution then, but we had actually no
Constitution now;) but what he did say was, rather
than seethe Constituliondebt) oyed, he would see the
British thundering at the walls of the Capitol. This
was a strong1 remark, he knew; but Mr. Webster,
who was the great defender of the Constitution,
know that if once violated and destroyed, it could
never be restored to life—that there was no resur-
rection for it; and he knew, if this Capitol was
burned and destroyed by an enemy, another Capi-
tol would rise over our heads. Viewed in this light,
Mr. D. could see nothing so objectionable in this
remark.
But he thought the eloquent gentleman from Ala-
bama had some peculiar reason for this attack upon
the State of Massachusetts, in the person of Mr.
Webster—a reason not personal to himself, but
belonging to the. paWywith whom he associated.
If he was not mistaken, that gentleman belonged to
the party that once nullified  
Mr. YANCEY was understood to say that he
had never favored the views of what was called the
Nullification party.
Mr. DIXON had supposed the contrary; he
knew that the political Godfather of the gentleman
was the head and front of the Nulliiiers. He al~
leave to say to the gentleman, and the House, that i; luded to the period when nullification was threaten-
that distinguished gentleman denied having uttered
this expression, and always had denied ft, and it
was proved on the floor of the convention which
reformed the constitution of Pennsylvania, by a
gentleman from Lancaster, who (Mr. B. was un-
derstood to say) was a Whig, that it was not true.
Mr. DIXON was very glad it was not true. But,
if it was not, he presumed it would not be denied
that that gentleman, the present Secretary of State,
was, at that time, acting with the party with whom
the Senator from Massachusetts acted, and as guil-
ty as that Senator was. He should like to know
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, whether or
not Mr. Buchanan was a member of the Federal
party at the late war, and a member of the Wash-
ington Benevolent Society.
Mr. INGERSOLL said he was present, a mem-
ber of the convention of Pennsylvania, when the
charge was made to which the gentleman had at
first alluded was met and completely refuted. He
believed that at the time of the late war of 1812,
Mr. Buchanan, who was then a very young: man,
belonged to what was then known as the Federal
party; and he desired to add that there was not a
Federalist in Pennsylvania who ever burned a blue-
light, as they did in Connecticut, or was, in any
respect, a traitor to his country, and that Mr.
Buchanan, with his musket on his shoulder, turned
out to fight the British.
Mr. DIXON supposed at" the time of the late
war, and of the Revolution, the great body of the
people of Pennsylvania were on the side of the
country. But Pennsylvania was not without citi-
ed by South Carolina, and said it was met by the
Senator from Massachusetts, who fought shoulder
to shoulder with a man now in his grave, who was
known as "Old Hickory." Those two put out the
lights of nullification m that region of country, and,
in Jus opinion, he did more by his eloquence than
General Jackson did by his forcc bill. He also
alluded to the aid, foreign to the State of South Car-
olina, which Mr. Clay in his magnanimity had
brought to them, saving, if not their necks from the
flax,"at least their honor. He spoke of them not
personally, or individually, but as a body, when he
said they kneeled down and kissed the dust at the
feet of Andrew Jackson; and not satisfied with hav-
ing " Old Hickory,5> who forced upon them the
force bill, they took up "Young Hickory," who
voted for it.
Mr. BURT wished to put the gentleman right as
to a matter of fact. He was aNullifier, and knew
something of that matter.
Mr. DIXON said he had made no personal allu-
sion: on the contrary, he had disclaimedall person-
al allusions.
Mr. BURT. But the gentleman cannot avoid
i personal allusion in a matter of that kind. For the
• reputation and honor of that party, he did not ask
here of the gentleman from Connecticut, or any
other gentleman, an opportunity to make a vindi-
' cation. The gentleman spoke of being rescued by
Mr. Clay. If the gentleman would only take the
i opportunity to consult the history of the country,
and of tlmt time, he would see that that gallant
band of which he (Mr B.) was one of the young-
zens willing to avow, at the present time, that if .1 est and humblest, never laid down their purpose
they had been old enough, they would have done ji until the odious tariff was compromised by the Con-
gress of the United States., Sir, they never ceased
their resistance as long as it continued in force,
they never'would have done it, for Jackson, Web-
ster, or Connecticut 
Mr. DIXON resumed. The gentleman said
they were enabled to escape with honor in conse-
quence of the compromise act.
Mr. BURT wished to explain.
Mr. DIXON declined further to yield the floor,
as his time was limited. Who introduced t&e
compromise, asked he? And who supported it?
Was not Henry Clay found among its foremost
champions and supporters ? This, he proceeded
to argue, was the only way of escape, and of re-
conciling the difficulty; South Carolina had de-
clared that this law was no law; and were pledged
to nullify it; General Jackson had taken his stand
against them. Who should yield? Either blood
must be shed, or South Carolina must yield.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES. South Carolina would
not yield.
Mr. DIXON. Then Jackson must have yield-
ed , or blood have been shed. He repeated his
eulogium on the course of Mr. Clay in interposing
with his compromise, and averting the disastrous
consequences that threatened to follow.
But a somewhat different course had been taken
by them since that period. That party now ex-
isted as a free-trade party. They had not nullified
the tariff of 1843—a tariff more odious to them
than any ever enacted except that of 1828. They
said that Mr. Polk was a free-trade man, and they
voted for him on that ground; while the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, and his Secretary of
.State, took directly the opposite ground, (he pre-
sumed; he spoke of that party generally,) and
sustained Mr. Polk on the ground that he was a
better tariff man than Mr.-Clay.
Returning from this somewhat protracted digres-
sion on the subject of the tariff, Mr. D. proceeded
to say, that he knew not what might be the motives
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. But he
thought the country would determine that they
were of a personal character—that the object was
revenge for the infliction under which the gentle-
man suffered from the Senator from Massachu-
setts. If that gentleman was guilty of the charge
of feloniously abstracting the public money from
the Treasury of the United States, (of which he
had no belief,) he should profoundly regret it.
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania must prove
these charges. He could not escape from them;
he presumed he would attempt to 
Mr, INGERSOLL—(in his seat.) Never fear.
Mr. DIXON. 1 suppose the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will drop the charges ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No; I will not.
Mr. DIXON. Why not?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Because I will prove them.
Mr. DIXON passed on to another topic,and was
commenting on Mr. Yancey's position on the no-
tice, classed as,he was with those that were called
the British party—and, he had no doubt, there, ac-
cording to the honest convictions Of his own judg-
ment—and urging that that gentleman ought also
to accord to Mr. Webster the same freedom of
opinion and action. When his hour expired—
Mr. DANIEL rose to make a motion to get rid
i of this business. But, before he submitted it, he
| wished to make a brief explanation of his vote in
! favor of this resolution. The gentleman from Penn-
' sylvania, on his responsibility as a member of this
! House, had submitted grave charges touching the
j conduct of a high functionary of this Government,
; and his resolutions were offered with a view of
I eliciting the facts of the case. If the charges were
j true, the facts ought to be laid before the House
! and the country. He had voted for the resolution
i amended in such a way as to guard, as he su£-
; posed, against any pernicious effects which it
j would produce by extending it to a period with
i which it necessarily had no connexion. It was
I so amended as to limit the inquiry to the conduct
of that particular functionary while in office. Now,
\\ some pretended to say that they ought not to in-
\\ quire into this matter—that it was forever to re-
main a secret. This was a strange doctrine to
! him ! that, in a representative Government, where
ji we all receive our authority from .the people, and
i' to which people we are accountable, that any
\ branch of the Government is too high for the scru-
tiny of the people themselves or of their Represent-
: atives. He repudiated such a doctrine. It was
!> entirely at variance with the genius and spirit of
