1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
our whole system. He had therefore voted for
the resolutions. There were various amendments
offered, which, with this motion of reconsideration
seemed to him to be offered, not for the purpose of
legitimate inquiry, but for some party purpose.
The good sense of the American people would see
this, and would judge who was right and who
was wrong.
All these additional inquiries proposed to he
made, were without any definite object. No man
came forward and made a charge, and endorsed it
with his personal responsibility. Let any man do
it, he cared not what officer it touched, and he
would go with him with all his heart; he would
pry into corruption, wherever it exists, and would
do all he could to bring it forward and lay it be-
fore the American people..
Entertaining these views, he had voted for the
resolutions and against all irrelevant matters offered
for party purposes,'.or for the purpose of weaken-
ing the inquiry, and subsequent reflection had but
confirmed him in the correctness of this course.
Ithad been said that the resolutions were brought
forward to minister to the angry feelings of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. ' It was perfectly"im-
material to him what might be the motives which
had induced that gentleman to come forward and
make these charges. He had brought before the
House, on his own responsibility, charges of this
grave and serious character, and it was their duty
to the American people to have the question inves-
tigated, and the facts brought to light.
Mr. D. concluded by moving to lay on the table
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. DIXON rose and renewed the motion to
reconsider.
_ Mr. BOYD renewed it, and demanded the pre-
vious question, but, at the request of several mem-
bers, withdrew the motion.
Mr. YANCEY renewed it.
Mr. YANCEY said that this question was of no
slight importance, inasmuch as it involved the
money power of the House. The responsibilities
of a disbursing officer to the appropriating power
involved a serious principle. He had yesterday
spoken to that point, and his argument had not
been answered cither by his collcaguc, [Mi. TIu.-
liard,] or by the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Dixon,] or by any other person who had
participated in the debate. The Constitution (said
Mr. Y.) confers upon this House a power to ap-
propriate public money, and it declares that ail
public money thus appropriated shall bo accounted
for. The secret-service fund is public money ap-
propriated by this House. The resolution ol" the
gentleman from Pennsylvania calls for an account
of its disbursement.• The House has, therefore,
most unquestionably thc.,constitutional power to
pass the resolution, and it consequently becomes
a question of expediency only.
lie would npw, therefore, leave that part of the
subject, and" advert to other matters. Yesterday
(said Mr. Y.) my honorable colleague [Mr. Hii.-
i,iard] said that he would make no such attack
upon a public man as that involved in this resolu-
tion, or was contained in my remarks; he would
never make an attempt to track down a great pub-
lic man in that manner. Now, I would ask of my
colleague whether I did not hear him, in_the Presi-
dential election of 1840, retailing to the* people of
Alabama the vile slang of Ogleism. I heard the
gentleman, with great eloquence of manner, and to
the great entertainment of his friends around him,
tell how many towels Mr. Van Buren used, and go
into many other particulars not fit to be repeated to
ears polite, or, even to ears as impolite as those of
the House sometimes seem to be. He went into
many interesting details about gold spoons, and
excited greatly the risibility of the crowd who lis-
tened to him, and of" myself among the number.
Mr. HILLIARD did not hesitate to 'say that,
in 1840, he had taken some humble part in that po-
litical contest which resulted so gloriously to the
cause of sound principles. And, during the Presi-
dential canvass, he did read to some of his con-
stituents a portion of Mr. Ogle's speeeh.
Mr. YANCEY. My colleague confesses, then,
to " the soft impeachment," and "therein confesses
that he did try to track down a public man, and
that not in the manner in which, according to the
gentleman, I have helped to track down the late
Secretary of State. I did not, however, follow that
ex-Secretary into those filthy purlieus with which
• he has shown himself to be very familiar. I did .
not state to this House how many towels he made
use of, or how many gold or silver spoons he had
on his table, or go into any exposition of any other
of those unmentionable luxuries which it is sup-
posed the ex-Secretary indulges in. My colleague,
when he would track down a great man, went into
Ogleism; I did not. If such a course is objection-
able, then I do not profess to know what is, or
what is not so. But my colleague defended the
character of the Senator from Massachusetts with
great warmth,and zeal, and some eloquence. He
spoke of his high character, of his intellectual pow-
er, his public services, and professed himself to be
proud to be classed with him as a "Whig. My col-
league may have all that pride to himself. For
many gentlemen of Whig principles I entertain
great respect; but I should regret to be classed with
the party to which they belong. My colleague, 1
think, said that the name of Webster stood next
to Washington in the estimation of Europe. I
have never heard them placed in that connexion
before; and the only propinquity that I know of
between the two men is, that their names follow
each other in the alphabet. Washington was a
Whig in whom 1 could glory. With the name of
Daniel Webster I loathe any connexion of a polit-
ical kind; not upon the subject of banks, for upon
such subjects men may honorably differ, but with
reference to his course during the war.
But how did my colleague undertake to defend
the character of this illustrious and godlike per-
sonage? I asked him if it was Mr. Webster's
opposition to the late war that gained lnm the
hearts of the patriots of the Old World ? And
how did he reply? He suid he knew nothing
about thnt, but urged the plea of infancy as an
excuse for it, saying that Mr. Webster was at that
time a young num. I see my colleague shakes his
head at this.
Mr. HILLIARD said that he had declared,
when rising to address the House yesterday, that
he did not do so for the purpose of defending Mr.
Webster; nor should he have added a word further
to the debate, had it not been for the personal at-
tack made by his colleague; when he had observed
thai he should be happy after the piesent storm
had subsided, to see Mr. Webster still continuing
to enjoy the, same, high reputation to which he had
over been entitled.
Mr. YANCEY hero quoted the speech of Mr.
Hiu.unn, as reported in the Union.
" What he had to say was, that he had noticed
' with pride mid satisfaction, when in Europe, that
'the name of Webster was loved, honored, and
' respected. He would meet the full responsibility
' of this declaration, here and elsewhere.
" If Mr. Webster's course was unfortunate as
' to the war, he (Mr. II.) had notliinq; to do with it.
' He envied the feelings of no one who would turn
' over the pages of filth and vile party defamation
' to rnlte up charges against any man.
" x do not give my own opinion only, but I state
' the fact that, in all the glorious constellation of
1 American names, none is brighter in European
' estimation than that of Webster.
" Mr. Hiluard was, he said, going on to lemark
' that among the most eminent persons in Europe
' no American name, next to the name of Wash-
' ton, was held in higher respect than that of Dan-
' iel Webster."
I merely bring these to the recollection of my
colleague, to show that he did not undertake to
defend Mr. Webster against any one of the charges
I brought against him. And yet he bestowed upon
his character the very highest commendation. On
what foundation did this commendation rest?
Mr. HILLIARD. I stated that the people
abroad did not look into the minutiae of our party
divisions. They did not undertake to go into such
particulars, but regarded Mr. Webster for his great
and shining qualities as an American statesman.
Mr. YANCEY. It is not to the estimation in
which Mr. Webster is held in Europe, I am now
directing my remarks, but to the high character
attributed by my colleague to his favorite Senator.
I asked him on what ground he rested these com-
mendations? Was it on Mr. Webster's course
during the last war? He said it was not; he knew
nothing about that. Was it on the part he acted
in the Ashhurton treaty ? No; my colleague said
he had nothing to with that subject. Then I in-
quired whether it was because Mr. Webster had
said that if the enemy were thundering at the
gates of the Capitol, he would not vote a cent
for its defence? He said that was not the cause.
I then inquired whether it was because he was at
this hour the pensioned agent of the manufactu-
rers ? That is the rumor in all directions. It is
uncontradicted by his friends; I believe they dare
not deny it. My colleague admitted that that was
not the ground of his praise, Then what was it ?
It must be something.
Mr. WINTHROP said he should reserve ex-
planation on such topics till he had a full and fair
opportunity of going into the subject; but he de-
nied that Mr. Webster was, in any just sense the
pensioned agent of the "manufacturing interest,
or of any other interest. He had been charged at
one time with being the pensioned agent of the
United States Bank; at another with being the
pensioned agent of the British; and now with be-
ing the pensioned agent of the manufacturers.
Mr. >ANCEY. I will not try conclusions, at
this time, with the gentleman from Massachusetts.
He does not deny the fact.
Mr. WINTHROP wished to add that he had
not denied the chaige, because he did not know of
a single dollar having been raised in the city he
represented. No such fact was within his knowl-
edge. As to the peculiar circumstances which the
honorable member had found stated in a news-
paper, he should neither admit nor deny them. If
they had occurred, they were not within his per-
sonal knowledge. He would deny nothing about
which he knew nothing.
Mr. YANCEY. I give great credit to the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts for the can-
dor of his rcmaiks. The gentleman does notdeny
the charge. And why? Because it is not within
his knowledge. This is very proper. I make a
statement, upon public newspaper authority, with
which almost the whole United States are con-
versant. I have been informed that the sum of
$100,000 has been raised by the friends of Mr.
Webster, to pension him as a Senator of the Uni-
ted States. It is raised, as I understand, on man-
ufacturing stocks.
Mr. ASHMUS here roseand asked the floor for
an explanation; but Mr. Y. declined to yield it.
Mr. YANCEY. I understand this sum has
been placed to the credit of Mr. Webster, or in
trust for his family, or the money pledged to him.
If the fact is not so, the statement can be contra-
dicted. It is further said that at the beginning of
this winter he was not disposed to come on to the
Senate at all, because some §30,000 or $40,000 of
the amount had not been raised. He is the attor-
ney of the manufacturers. They have raised for
him $100,000 in manufacturing stock. Here is
shown the peculiar cunning of the Yankee. If the
" godlike" shall succeed in preventing a,repeal of
the tariff, the stock will be very high; but if he
does not, then bis income will sink in proportion.
It is so arranged as to reward him in proportion
to his success. It will be remarked that Mr.
Webster, coming from one of the towns which the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop]
represents, (Mr. Webster being one of his own
constituents,) that gentleman denies that " in any
just sense" Mr. W. is the pensioned agent of the
manufacturers. Now, as to what is a "just sense,"
we may differ; our standard of justice may differ.
I heard it said in Baltimore, by a warm friend
of Mr. Webster, both personal and political, that
he was a man of expensive habits, and was poor,
and could not afford to represent the State of Mas-
sachusetts, if his friends did not raise him this
money. Admit that he is poor—as poor as Cin-
cinnatus, who was forced to follow the plow;—can
he not, like Cincinnatus, leave his plow to do ser-
vice to his country; and then, Cincinnatus like,
return to his plow as poor as when he left it?
Cannot a poor man serve his country ? Is there
not patriotism enough in Mr. W.'s heart to induce
him to submit to the common privations to which
others submit, and to do without the extravagance
and luxury to which his expensive habits may
have accustomed him, and serve his country at a
critical period like this, without being paid $0,000
a year above what any other Senator receives, for
occupying a seat in the Senate? Why are Rep-
resentatives paid out of the treasury of the United
States, and not out of the State treasuries? Be-
cause, did they look to their own States for their
pay, local influences and local interests would
exert too strong a sway over their minds, and they
would not be able to preserve that personal inde-
pendence of character which alone fits a man to
