652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
act on general views for the good of his whole
country.
The tax for the pay of a Representative is,
therefore, levied from the whole nation of which
he is a legislator. It is a wise provision of the
Constitution. If, then, it bea fact that Mr. Web-
ster is pensioned for his public services by a par-
ticular class of men at home, is not the spirit at
least, if not the letter of the Constitution, thereby
violated? If he is paid, what is it for? Is it that
his eloquent voice may merely resound within the
walls of the Senate chamber? Is it that he may
adorn the public counsels merely, without any view
to private and personal interests? That is not human
nature. If it be true that the manufacturers, who
have already accumulated enormous fortunes, are
still asking for more and more protection, that those
fortunes may be yet further augmented, and Mr.
"Webster represents these interests in the Senate,
it is not hard to divine that the §100,000 have not
been raised merely that he may bring his talents
and experience to the ■public councils. If, by the
force of truth ably presented, a flash of light |
should chance to beam in upon his understanding1, j
and show him that the Constitution forbids his fa- j
\orite doctrine of protection, can he raise his voice .
against it in obedience to his conscience? Would (
he not be derelict to his engagement if he did? |
Might not the manufacturers turn upon him and j
say, You are our paid attorney; did we not give j
you <,100,000 for the very purpose of defending !
this doctrine of protection; and tire you now going j
to betray us?" No, sir; he is bound, hand and ,
foot; so that when the tariff comes up m the Sen- :
ate, and he shall rise and argue for the constitu- 1
tionaiity of protection, it wiil be easy to retort i
upon him, that his thoughts receive their coloring I
fiOiu the bribe which is lolling like asweetmoisel j
u>idu his tongue ! !
I.-? it, then, on this that the high estimate of his J
< haracter, a-> alluded to by my colleague, is founded? j
It is not. Before he went to Europe, it is said, his j
debts were paid. When m England, it is also said, !
the Barings, those shrewd and far-seeing bankers, |
paid him a thousand pounds sterling for his legal j
opinion on the subject of the State debts. Did j
those experienced and able moneyed men invest j
two or three hundred millions in our State stocks i
without first knowing whether the American States ,
had or had not the power to contract debts? Would j
theygiveMr. Webster five thousand doll&is for lus 1
legal opinion merely as to thatpowei ? Ifl may be 1
permitted to understand that transaction m " any !
just seir^e," it would be that that money was ad- J
■winced him forapuipose very foreign fiom^that ■
which appeared on the faccofthe matter. Was it :
on this that my colleague bused his csiimateof Mr, -
Webster \s exalted ehaiacter—an opinion given to a ,
foreign Jew money-lender against his own eoun- j
tjymun? If not, on what then ? lie has not given :
us a single item. If all iliisis " tracking down" of .
public men, then I fear 1 must occupy us fearful a j
position as any of those who have presumed to at- |
tack the godlike." I may prepare for as terrible i
a " scarifying" as my friend over the way from j
Pennsylvania. And of what did this scarifying juid
this rending actually consist? Was it anything
more than ''false"heapedupon -"'false,""creature"
upon 4,thing,"and "thing" upon "creature?" The
eagle soars into the blue vault of heaven, and darts
upon his prey like the bolt of Jove; but the mus-
covyduck loves to dip his foul feathers into the
mud, and scatter about the dirty water on everything
around, as he shakes himself free from it!
It is said that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
got a "scarifying." I think that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania gave the Senator an emetic, and its
operation has thrown off his stomach an immense
discharge of bile, with which lie has plentifully be-
spattered the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Yet
he still survives, and does not seeni much the worse j
for the infliction. It might be a just conclusion, ,
from the vast amount of bile thrown up, that ihe 1
Senator's system could not ha\c been in a healthy 1
state. My colleague envies the feelings of no one
who would turn over the pages of vile party defa- ;
mation, to rake up charges against any man. Let ■
any man read the debates of 1842, and see what
the Senator's Whig friends said of him. If it was .
half true, it placed him so low, that it was impos- :
sible he should get any lower. I do not say that j
the charges of the Whigs were true—(God forbid i
that I should be answerable for the truth of what i
they say!)—but I say, let any man look at what they i
then said of him, and then say, if his friends sai$
such things of him, surely the gentleman from
Pennsylvania may; and I may refer, too, to hip
public acts, to show that he is not entitled to thqt
high place by the side of Washington, which my
colleague awards to him.
I will now pass to my friend from Connecticut,
over the way, [Mr. Dixon.] He says that the
charges I made were gratuitous, and not supported
by any authoiity. I have not heard one of them
denied. It has, indeed, been said that Mr. Web-
ster is not, "in any just sense," the pensioned
agent of the manufacturers. Till it is denied in
other terms than these, I shall believe it. But the
charges, he says, are gratuitous. I have drawn
them from history. If by this he means that they
aie not matters in controversy with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, I agree that in that sense they
were gratuitous. But the gentleman should re-
membex that I was answering my colleague, [Mr.
Hilljard,] who had lauded the character of Mr.
Webster so highly. 1 protested against those com-
mendations, and in that point of view my charges
were not gratuitous. I had a right to go for them
to hi&toiv, and to use them.
The gentleman from Connecticut said that before
1 brought these charges I had his high respect. I
trust ins respect is not diminished. I should greatly
regret it. The gentleman and I are old acquaint-
ances and old friends—were students in college to-
gether. t lemembcr with the greatest pleasure
those days of our early life; and I think he 1ms no
causc to consider himself aggrieved. If, however,
1 have lost anything of his good will, I must e'en
bear it as I may.
Mr. DIXON said Mr. Y. still had that respect.
Mr. YANCEY. The gentleman thinks the his-
tory of the last war has nothing to do with the
chuiacter of Mr. Webster, t\nd he thinks I was un-
fortunate m alluding to it. Why? Because a rela-
tive of the gentleman from Pennsylvania was a
torv.
Mr. DIXON. I did not ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania whether his relatives were tones, but
whether he had not said that if he had lived m the
days of the Revolution he would himself have been
a tory, and he said lie would.
Mr. YANCEY. Very well; then it seems to
me the only difference between Mr. Webster and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is this: the one
would have been a tory had he lived in the war of
the Revolution, and the other actually was a tory
in the last war. One would have been a tory on
contingency, and the other was a tory outright.
Why do 1 say this? If the case had been that
Mr. AV. opposed the policy, and the justice, and
the expediency of the war up to the very hour
when war was declared, but afterwards supported
and aided ins country's cause m the \\ ar, the charge
of toryism could never have attached to him.
But, after the war was declared, if he refused to
aid, but, on the contrary, only embarrassed and
thwarted his country., then I say he was no better
than a tory or a Bntish Whig. So on this ques-
tion of Oregon: the gentleman from Connecticut
and I may differ, but if a war shall grow out of the
question, sure 1 am that the gentleman and 1 shall
differ no longer.
But how was it with Mr. Webster? When we
were actually engaged in the struggle, and things
looked dark, and the result seemed doubtful, (and
m point of fact we did fail of attaining the end of
the w ar, which was a lelinquishment of ihe doc-
trine of impiessment,) he lefused to vote to arm,
or clothe, or feed our suffering soldiers in the field.
So low did he then stand in the eyes of the patriots
of this land as not even to deserve the epithet of
'• creature," unless the word " wretched*' should
be prefixed to it. Nothing, sir, nothing can ever
justify a patriot in refusing to lend his aid to his
country in her hour of need.
But for the influence of Mr. W., and those who
acted with him, the war might have been pressed
with so much vigor and success, that this question
of impressment might at this day have been put at
rest, and not avoided as it was by him m the Ash-
burton treaty, and left an open question still. The
gentlr-man said that when the compromise act was
adopted, we had a Constitution. That was in the
days of old Jackson's glory; then the democracy
was triumphant, and the Constitution was safely
presei ved in their hands. If it wras now mutilated,
"broken down, destroyed, gone," the gentleman
may look to the extra session of 1841 for the cause,
when it was so grossly violated at the suggestion
of his party leader, Mr. Clay.
The gentleman said it was Mr. Clay who saved .
the honor of the Nullifiers. If he intended that aa *
a hit at me, he was mistaken, for I was not one of
them; I was a State-rights Union man. I agreed
with General Jackson that they were carrying .
their doctrines too far, and if carried out, it would
destroy the Union. I might plead infancy, how-
ever, In my own behalf, as my colleague pleaded
it in behalf of Mr. Webster. But I am not dis-
posed to do so, (though actually underage.) But
did Henry Clay save the honor of the Nullifiers?
Mr. Hayne had proposed the very principles oil
which the compromise was afterwards founded, at
the session previous to the enactment of the com-
promise. Mr. Clay did propose the compromise;
but it was to save, not the honor of the Nullifiers,
but the principles of the protective tariff. His wise
and far seeing ken perceived that it was in danger.
He saw Verplanck's bill introduced into the
House, reducing duties to 15 per cent. He knew
General Jackson to be in favor of that bill; and he
saw the House was about to pass the bill; and, if
that bill passed, that he might bid good by to his
American system. He has said that it was about
to be strangled by that giant Hercules; that he
snatched the infant from the cradle of danger, saved
its life, gave it a platform on which during nine
years to rest and recruit its vigor.
The candidate of the Whigs, in the election of
1840, said during that canvass that he was opposed
to the repeal of the compromise act; but no sooner
was he m power than he cut in sunder those bonds
which ought to have been held sacred. The com-
promise was violated by the tariff of 1842. The
people became indignant, and, hurling these usurp-
ers from their seats, sent here a democratic ma-
jority of sixty votes. We are now pledged to re-
peafthe act they forced upon us; and if we do not
lepeal it, we shall prove ourselves utterly recreant
to good faith, honor, and justice.
Though I did not belong to the Nullifiers, and
though my party and theirs were arrayed in hostile
battalions, and prepared for civil war, yet I will
say of them, that a band of more honorable men
never existed. They never forsook one of the
great principles on which they had united. But
never was such mutual rage and animosity more
nobly obliterated, and replaced by the most perfect
concord and brotherly harmony. They agreed to
modify the oath of allegiance, so that Union men
and Nullifiers could take it, and every trace of ill-
will passed away like a cloud from the clear face
of the heavens. They sent to the Senate one of
the most gallant men that ever drew the breath of
life—the very quintescence of all that was to be
loved in human character, the noble, high-souled,
chivalric Huger—the finished and accomplished
gentleman—the leader of the Union party: more
than this—they have since that compromise elected
two leading Union men to the office of Governor
of the State; and one of them now fills that high
office. In that gallant little State there is heard no
such appellation as Union men or Nullifiers. The
people of that State are unanimously united in fa-
vor of the great constitutional doctrines of the coun-
try, under the name of Republicans. Sir, the honor
of the Nullifiers has been in far better keeping than
I it would have been in that of Henry Clay. Had
i it been in his keeping, and been kept no better than
he kept his own, as connected with this compro-
; nnse act, that honor, instead of shining, as now,
I so brightly, would have been a by-word in the
: mouth of man.
I The gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Dixon,]
! errs, then, in supposing that there is any "rank-
i ling" in my bosom, because Mr. Webster may
| have interfered between the Nullifiers and their
i object. Their object, sir, was accomplished in the
j - enactment of the compromise act. I have no cause
I' for any peculiar "rankling" in my breast. I have
j not risen to interfere between ^lr. Webster and
j! the Representative from Pennsylvania, whom he
ji has so grossly attacked. I should have been con-
!: tent to have given a silent vote; and was in hopes
| that the House would have done so, on the reso-
' lutions introduced by that Representative. They
'! were merely of inquiry; and as such did not call
!, for debate. Discussion "would have been more
|; appropriate on the information which those rela-
tions may elicit. But as the friends of this ex-
Secretary chose rather to throw the character of
their favorite into the debate which sprang up,
