1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
posing to substitute " twenty-one " regiments for
" one regiment." Rejected.
Mr. DANIEL moved an amendment, limiting
the term of service to two years from the 1st of
September, 1846. .
Mr. HAMLIN moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding the words, " if not sooner dis-
missed."
Mr. DANIEL accepted this as a modification.
And the amendment, as modified, was rejected.
Mr. WHITE offered the following amendment:
" That all the officers for the aforesaid regiment
' of riflemen shall be selected from the regular line
' of the United States army."
This amendment, by ayes 78, noes 71, was
agreed to.
Mr. LEVIN had heretofore moved the follow-
ing amendment; which was now rejected.
" That the officers and soldiers of said regiment
shall be Americans by birth."
Mr. STANTON moved to amend the bill by
striking out " one regiment," and inserting " two
regiments." Rejected.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF (from the Committee on
Military Affairs) offered the following amend-
ment:
" Sec. 7. .find be it further enacted, That, for the
• purpose of encouraging the formation of agricul-
' tural settlements in the immediate vicinity of the
' stations aforesaid, the President be, and is here-
' by, authorized and required, so soon as the In-
• dian title thereto shall be extinguished, to grant
« and convey three hundred and twenty acres of
' land, lying within the distance of five miles from
' any such station, to each male head of a family
' who shall, with his family, within three years
' after the establishment of such station, take up
' his residence on such land, and continuously re-
' side on, and cultivate a part of, the same for the
' period of five years; and the President is hereby
' further authorized to cause to be made all such
' regulations as may be necessary to insure to each
' settler the quiet enjoyment of such land as lie
' shall reside on and cultivate as aforesaid, prior to
"the time when the Indian tide i hereto shall be
'extinguished, and the conveyance thereof be
' made as aforesaid."
Mr. ST. JOHN moved to amend the amendment
by striking out " 3-20 acres," and inserting " 610
acres;" and by inserting after the words "head
of a family," the words, " and 100 acres to each
other male person of such family."
Mr. McCONNELL moved to insert " female"
after " male;" but the amendment was not at this
time in order.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WHITE moved to amend the amendment,
by adding after the word'1 land," the words "east
of Rocky Mountains." Rejected.
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL moved to amend the
amendmeittby adding a proviso that nothing there-
in contained should be so construed as to violate
the convention of 1827.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF accepted the modifica-
tion.
And the modified amendment, by ayes 43, noes
not counted, was rejected.
Mr. HOPKINS offered the following amend-
ment:
"Be it further enacted, That a post-route be
'established from Port Leavenworth, via Grand
' Island, on the Platte river, Port Laramie, the South
' Pass' of the Rocky mountains, Port Hall, Fort
' Boise, Fort Wallawalla, and Oregon city, on the
' Willamette river, to Astoria, at the mouth of the
' Columbia river, on the Pacific ocean.
" And be it Jurther enacted, That it shall be the
« duty of the Postmaster General to cause the Uni-
• ted States mails to be transported on the said route,
' from Fort Leavenworth to Astoria and back, at
'least once a month, by such means of convey-
' ance as he may deem most advantageous to the
' public service, and on the best terms that can be
' obtained by contract, in the mode now provided
' by law for the transportation of the United States
'mail: Provided, That if, in the opinion of the
' President of the United States, it be expedient to
' cause the mail on the route aforesaid to be car-
' ried by detachments of mounted men m the ser-
' vice of the United States, he may order the said
' mail to be carried in that way, instead of having
* «it transported by contract, as above provided.
Mr. ASHMUN raised the point of order.
It was overruled by the chair.
Mr. ASHMUN appealed,
And the committee sustained the decision of the
Chair.
And the amendment, by ayes 59, noes 65, was
rejected.
Mr. STANTON offered the following amend-
ment, which was rejected:
"Be it further enacted, That the President is
' hereby authorised to establish and put into opera-
' tion at some suitable place within the Oregon ter-
' ritory, a furnace for the smelting and manufacture
' of iron, in order to supply the army of the United
' States, as well as emigrants, with that material;
' and that the sum of $50,000 is hereby appropri-
' ated for that purpose out of any money in the
' treasury not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON offered the following
amendment, which was rejected:
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That the regiment
' raised by this act shall be disbanded whenever, |
' in the opinion of the President of the United |
' States he can withdraw (without danger to the j
' public interests) one of the regiments of the pres- ;
'ent.avmy from service in the State of Texas, '
1 which regiment, so withdrawn, shall be substitu- j
' ted for the regiment so disbanded, and that the !
' President shall have power (in the event lie with- ;;
' draws one of the foot regiments) to mount such i|
' portion of them as the service may require." j
Mr. S. JONES offered the following as a sub- |i
stitute for the first five sections of the bill: j
" Whereas the President is by law authorized, j
' whenever he may deem the same expedient, to i
' cause not exceeding two regiments of infantry to !
' be armed mid equipped, and to serve as a rcgi- j
' inent of riflemen; and whereas H may become !
• necessary fur the frontier service thai one of said j
' regiments should lie mounted: j
" Be it cnticlctl, That the ('resident be, and he is ,
' hereby, authonzed, whenever he may deem the ;
' same expedient, to cause one of said regiments .
' to be mounted and armed, anil equipped as ,
' mounted riflemen, whenever the public service i
' liriv lequne the same." |
Tiie amendment was rejected. j
The committee, then, on motion of Mr. PRICE, '
rose and revolted the bill, with the single amend-
ment which had been adopted, to the House.
And the question being on concurring in the
amendment, mid ordering the bill to be engrossed
for n third readme:,
Mr. 1J1UNICERHOFF demanded the previous
question.
Mr. LEWIS moved that the House adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded, and the mam question was ordered to
be now taken.
Which main question was, first, on concurring
in the following amendment of the committee, to
wit:
" That all the officers of the aforesaid regiment
' of riflemen shall be selected from the regular line
' of the army.''
Mr. McD'OWF-LL asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messr*. Abbott, Arnold, A&tinum, Atkinson, Bar-
ringer, finely, Beduitfer, Bell, Benton, Blunchnrd, Brodhead,
Milton Brown, William O. Brown, William W. Campbell,
Carroll, John G. Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Clarke,
Cocke, Collamcr, Cranston, Cro*aor, Culver, Daniel, Gar-
rett Davis, Dixon, Dockory, Dtoilap, Eidman, Edwin H.
Enimr, Foot. Fries, Gentry, Goodyear, Graham, Grinnell,
Giover, Hamlin, Harper, Milliard, lt.nac E. Holmes, Samuel !
D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washington flunr, Hunter, Joseph R. 1
In^er.soll, James H.*John>on, George W. Jones, Seaborn
i Jones, Preston Kme, Lawrence, Lewis, McLean. MeCratp,
James McDowell, McGaughey,Metleroy, Mcllvainc, Marsh,
Millci, Morse, Mo.-eley. Noms. Ramsey, RntJlhun, Julius
Rockwell. J. A. Rockwell, Root, Kcammun. Hunk, Scle nck,
Severance. Simpson, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Stew-
art, St. John, Strom*. Tlubodeaux, Tisotna.-on, Jacob
Thompson, Trumbo, Vinton, Wlieaton, White, Winthrop,
Wood. Wriithf, Yancey, and Young—90.
NAYS— Me.ssrs. John Clumey Adams, Stephen Ad.ims,
Bisgs, James Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Brinkerhofl, Broeken-
brouiiil, Burt, Catbcart, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Cliipman,
Cobb, Cunningham, Danpin, Jefferson Davis, JJe Mott, Dil-
iin"ham. Dobbm, Pouctlass, Drouuioole, Ellsworth, Faran,
Fickhn,Foster. Gaivin, Giles, Gordon, Haralson, Itarmaa-
son, Henley, Ho«e, Hopkins, Hough, George S. Houston,
Edmund W. Hubatd, Iluneert'ord, James B. Hunt, Jenkins,
Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, La Sere, Lienn, hong,
Lumpkin, Maclay, McClelland, McCleniand, McConnell,
Joseph J. McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin. Barkley Mar-
tin, Morris, Niven, Owen, Parrisfl, Payne, Pottit, Phelps,
Price, Reid, Eelfe, Ritter, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Seddon, Leon-
ard H. Sims, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stark-
weather, Sykes, James Thompson, Thurroan, Tibbatts,
Tredway, Wentworth, Wicft, Williams, and Yell—82.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FRIES moved a reconsideration of the vote.
Pending which motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, Jipril 11, 1846.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a remonstrance of ■
citizens of New York against the renewal of a pat-
ent to the heirs of Jethro Wood; which was laid
on the table.
On motion of Mr. DAYTON, the memorial of
the heirs of James Bell, deceased, on the files of
the Senate, was referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims.
Mr. BENTON presented the petitions of citizens
of Missouri, praying the establishment of a mail-
route from Independence, in that State, to the Ore-
gon territory; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DIX presented a petition of citizens of Ben-
nington, New York, praying that Zebulon Weade,
a soldier in the last war with Great Britain, may
be placed upon the pension roll; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted a message of the
President of the United States, communicated to
the Senate the 21st of March, 1842, in relation to
the proceedings of the commissioner for running
the boundary" between the United States and
Texas; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, as containing valuable information in
relation to obstructions to the navigation of the
river Sabine.
Sir. NILGS submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resiihid, That the Committee oil Finance be in-
structed to inquire whether further legislation is
necessary to apply the present surplus revenue,
and what may hereafter accrue, to the redemption
of the public "debt at an earlier period than can be
done by existing laws.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the President of the UnitedStates
be requested to communicate to the Senate copies
of all the correspondence with the Secietary of
State (if not incompatible with the public interest)
in the years 1840, 1841, 1842, and 1843, touching
the right or practice of visiting or searching vessels
in time of peace.
On the suggestion of Mr. DAYTON, the reso-
lution lies over.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
_ M. PHELPS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, submitted an adverse report upon
the petition of the representatives of Francis Vigo;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. P., from the same committee, submitted ad-
verse reports upon the petitions of the representa-
tives of Samuel Beach, Christopher Delayenne,
and Benjamin Van Vallcenburgh; which reports
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the relief
of Jones and Boker, and others; which was read,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
ACCOMMODATIONS IN SENATE CHAMBER.
The report of the Committee on Contingent Ex-
penses, relating to certain alterations in the galle-
ries, being taken up—
Mr. BREESE, chairman of that committee, ob-
served that the attention of the committee whose
! duty it was to audit and control the contingent ex-
; penses of the Senate, had been called, by repeated
j complaints which had been made of a want of ac-
j commodation for ladies who visited the Senate
i chamber for the purpose of listening to the debates,
and of the necessity of providing more convenient
seats for the Reporters, to the subject of making
such alterations as would serve better to accommo-
date the public and those connected with the pub-
lic press. As far as the Reporters were concerned,
it was highly desirable that better accommodations
should be afforded them, and it was no less desi-
rable that more extensive accommodations should
be provided for the ladies and the public generally.
This was made apparent by the fact, that recently
