656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11.
the very great concourse of persons who visited
the Senate could not he comfortably seated, in fact
very ir any could not obtain oven an entrance with-
in the Senate chamber. The alterations proposed,
hq thought, would be advantageous, not only to
the public and the press, but to Senators, inasmuch
i s the glare of light from the eastern windows
would be prevented, and, at the same time, the
quantity of light would not be diminished, because
it was proposed to enlarge the lantern upon the
dome. They could be made without interrupting
the business of the Senate. Mr. B. proceeded to
explain the alterations that were proposed by the
committee, and remarked that the architect who
had been consulted by the committee, (Mr. Robert
Mills, a gentleman who bore a very high reputa-
tion in his profession, and had enjoyed the confi-
dence of Mr. Jefferson,) had submitted such plans
as had entirely met the approbation of the com-
mittee. According to the plan now submitted one
hundred and fifty additional spectators would be
admitted; while the alterations would conduce to
the public convenience, even if the chamber should
bo adapted to the accommodation of the Supreme
Court, as was proposed. In order to meet the views
of the Senators from Delaware and North Caro-
lina, (Messrs. J. M. Clayton and Mangum,) he
would propose to amend the original proposition
of the committee by adding the following: " Allow-
ing, at the same time, equal accommodation to that
now allowed to the public press."
Mr. MANGUM expressed his concurrence in
the recommendation of the committee as now mod-
ified. He had some doubts, however, as to how
far the new arrangements would interfere with the
architectural beauty of the chamber, and as to
how far the sound would be affected by the change.
Mr. NILES was favorable to the report, inas-
much as it afforded additional accommodation to
the public, particularly the ladies. As to the re-
porters and letter-writers, he regarded their accom-
modation as a matter altogether of minor consid-
eration. They did not deserve any special privi-
leges from the Senate.
Mr. DAYTON desired that the subject should be
allowed to lie over for a short time to afford an op-
portunity for consideration. If a change in the ar-
rangements were made, it ought to be made with
great care and deliberation.
It was accordingly passed by informally.
REPORT OF COMMISSIONER OF PATENTS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the re-
port of the Committee on Printing, in relation to
printing an additional number of the report of the
Commissioner of Patents.
Mr. NILES submitted a few remarks upon the
subject, reiterating his fomer objections to printing
as large number of copies as proposed by the com-
mittee, which, he contended, had not been at all
met by the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Ashley.]
He was opposed to a bureau for the distribution of
seeds, and stated that some kind of corn—calico
corn, he believed—had been sent to a friend of his
in New York State, who had written to him in
November that the corn was still growing, and the
Lord only knew when it would stop.
Mr. PHELPS stated that the reason which in-
duced the Committee on Patents to report in favor
of publishing twenty-five thousand copies of the
report, was, that they found that the public sought
for it with more avidity, read it with more interest,
and paid for it more cheerfully than they did for
any other document which was published by Con-
gress. The document was 111 great demand, and
notwithstanding the large number printed last year,
it was entirely inadequate to the applications there-
for. The argument that the report had been pub-
lished and made an article of sale by the booksel-
lers was an evidence of estimate which the public
made of its value; and he hoped the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr.
Niles, to print ten thousand copies,] would not
prevail. In the absence of the chairman of the
Committee on Patents, [Mr. Cameron,] he would
move that the further consideration of the subject
be postponed until Tuesday next.
Mr. CHALMERS said, in explanation, that he
had yielded to the views of the majority of the
Committee on Printing in the report which they
had made, although himself in favor of printing a
smaller number than reported.
The further consideration of the subject was then
postponed till Tuesday next.
DIPLOMATIC CORRESPONDENCE OREGON.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the fol-
lowing resolution, submitted several weeks since
by Mr. J. M. Clayton:
"Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate copies
of any correspondence that may have taken place
between the authorities of the United States and
those of Great Britain since the last documents
transmitted in relation to the subject of the Oregon
territory, or of so much thereof as may be com-
municated without detriment to the public inter-
est."
Mr. SEVIER moved that the subject be passed
over informally.
Mr. ATCHISON hoped that the vote would be
taken then. If not, an excuse would be in exist-
ence for deferring the vote on " the notice."
Mr. SEVIER withdrew his motion.
Mr. ALLEN remarked that he would take an-
other opportunity of making the remarks which he
had intended to offer when he gave way yesterday
to t[ie Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Man-
gum.]
The vote 011 the passage of the resolution was
then taken, and resulted as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bairow, Benton, Berrien,
Blight, Calhoun, Thomas Cla>ton, John M. Clayton, Cor-
wm, Cnttfiulen, Davis, Da.uon, Evans, Greene, Houston,
Huntington, Jarmuun, Johnson of Louisiana, Manaum, Mil-
lei, Morehead, Phelps, Jiuk, Simmons, Webster, Westcott,
and Wnociimdge—27.
NAl'S—Mrssis. Allen, A-Oilev, Atlierton, B.ighy, Brcese,
Ca^s, Chalmers, Dickinson, Dix. Fairfield, Ha\u oorl, Jcti-
ncss, Nites, iVimybiiclUT, Bevier, Stuigeon, and Turney
—17.
RIGHT OF SEARCH.
Mr. "WEBSTER moved that the Senate take up
the resolution submitted this morning by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Ai.i.f.n,] in order to amend
it to meet the object desired by that gentleman,
and to put it upon its passage; which motion was
agreed to.
The resolution was then read, amended by the
insertion of the words " m addition to the corre-
: spondence requested by the resolution adopted yes-
terday," and, as amended, it was agreed to.
[Tho effect of the amendment is to incorporate
into Mr. Alxen's call, the resolution offered yes-
terday by Mr. Jarnagijj.]
SPECIAL ORDER.
Mr. SEVIER moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the special order.
Mr. PHELPS stated that his colleague, [Mr.
TTpiiam,] who was expected to address the Senate
to-day upon the special order, was unable to be
present to-day, and he therefore hoped the special
order would be passed over informally.
Mr. SEVIER. What is the matter with him?
Mr. PHELPS. He is ill; unable to leave his
room.
Mr. MOREHEAD also stated that Mr. TJpham
was ill, and expressed the hope that the special
order would be passed over.
Mr. CRITTENDEN concurred with Mr. More-
head.
The PRESIDENT stated that the special order
was not before the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope then it will not
be pressed.
1 he PRESIDENT was proceeding to announce
the special order, when
Mr. ALLEN moved that the Senate go into Ex-
ecute e session; stating that there was some busi-
ness to be transacted, the action upon which, to
be effectual, should be taken during the present
, week.
! After some further conversation, Mr. A.'s mo-
I lion was agreed to.
I The Senate went into Executive session, and,
after some time spent therein, the doors were again
1 opened.
1 A message was received from the House of
, Representatives, announcing that said House had
passed the Senate bill to raise a regiment of mount-
ed riflemen, &c., with an amendment; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
I RANK AND FILE OF THE ARMY.
I The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
| the bill to increase the rank and file of the army;
when,
! On motion of Mr. EENTON, it was recom-
j mitted to the Committee on Military Affairs.
! The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Sprit 11, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the bill in relation to mounted riflemen.
SENATOR WEBSTER.
Mr. WINTHROP rose for personal explana-
tion; and having obtained leave, proceeded as fol-
lows: ... ,
In the course of a service of six years, 1 have
never before asked permission of the House to
make what is called a personal explanation. Nor
am I sure that I-should do so now, were my own
conduct or character alone concerned. J3ut I do not
feel at liberty to allow anything to pass, as having
been spoken by me, which may involve the slight-
est unjust reflection upon others.
I' do not mean to complain of any reporters. On
the contrary, I would make, both to those of the
Intelligencer and those of the Union, the acknowl-
edgments, for their general accuracy and excel-
lence, which are justly due from us all.
But this I will say, that whatever I actually said
in this House yesterday, I am represented in the
Intelligener of this morning of haying conveyed
an idea, which I certainly did not intend to con-
vey.
If I was understood as meaning anything less
than that the charge of being a pensimied, agent of
the manufacturing interest brought against Mr.
Webster yesterday, was, in every just sense, and
in every unjust sense, and in all senses whatso-
ever, an unfounded and untrue charge. I desire
now to correct that understanding, and to express
that idea fully and unqualifiedly.
But there is another part of the report to which I
wish to allude. I said, that as to the fact which the
honorable member from Alabama [Mr. Yancey]
had found in a newspaper, and which he said the
whole people of the United States were conversant
with—that the sum of $100,000 had been raised in
some quarter for the benefit of Mr. Webster or his
family—I knew nothing, and therefore should
deny nothing. I added, that I wished that other
gentlemen would observe the same rule as to their
assertions.
This remark was strictly true at the time at
which it was made. I had, indeed, seen the news-
paper statement. I had heard something of a pro-
posed manifestation of regard and gratitude towards
Mr. Webster. But so far as my own personal
knowledge reached yesterday, nothing of the sort
had been done.
Now, sir, this morning I know more about the
matter; and as the remarks which I made yester-
day might involve me in the suspicion of desiring
to remain ignorant myself and to keep others in ig-
norance, and might look like an attempt on the part
of Mr. Webster's friends to cover up and conceal a
transaction in the highest degree honorable both to
him and to themselves, I take the very earliest op-
portunity to give to the House and to the country
the results of my inquiries.
I cannot proceed to do so, however, without ex-
pressing the deep disgust which I feel for the sort
of personal assault which has been carried on in
this House for a day or two past, and for the ne-
cessity which has been created of introducing the
private affairs of anybody before the country. But
others have thought these matters a fit topic for
the councils of the nation, and upon them must
rest the responsibility.
I desire, then, to make the following declaration
by authority:
Mr. Webster does not own a single dollar's
worth of stock in any manufacturing company
whatever; nor is a dollar's worth of such stock
held by others in trust for him or his family, or in
any way to be beneficial to him or them;" nor is
he interested, in any way, in any manufactory
whatever, nor in the rise or fall in any sort of man-
ufacturing stock or property; nor has any trans-
action of any kind taken place on condition of
Mr. Webster's remaining in the Senate or leavinsr
the Senate. ®
Mr. Webster has disposed of certain valuable
western lands at prices not exceeding their actual
value, for which he has been paid. All arrange-
ment, intended for his benefit, which he regards
as highly honorable to him, and which, I may
say, is as high a compliment as was ever paid to
any public man in our country—being the pro-
