658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
James Mel")owell, McKay. John P. Martin, BarkJpy Maitin, :
Morns, Niven, Owen, Parrish, Payne, Pettit. Phelps, Puce,
Resd, Relte, RiUer, Roberts, SawteJle, S.nyjer, Seddon, }
Leonard H. Sims, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, ,
Staikweather, James Thompson. Tlmnnan, Tihbatt*. J rod- ;
wav, Trumho, WenUvorth, Wick, Williams, and lei!—80. j
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Audei^on, Arnold, Atkinson, j
BarnnTpr, Ba\lv, Trenton, Brodliead, Milton Brown. W il- [
ham G. Brown, W-lham W. Campbell, Carroll, John G. !
Chapman, Augustus A. ChJpm.us, Clarktj, Cooke, Coilamer, i
Cranston, Ciozief, Culver, Duiu-I, Gairetf J)avi«?, Dixon, i
Dookeiv, Duul.ip, Koot, Genti\,Goodyear,Gmham, Gilder, j
Grinnftll, Grover, Hamlin, Hampton, Harper, Hiiliard, I«aac j
E. Holmes., S. J>- llubbard, Hud>o , Washington Hunt, ;
lluntei, Joseph II. Ingersoll, James Johnson. Joseph John- l
son, George W. Jone?, Seaborn Jones, Preston King, T. B. j
Kins;, Lawrence, Lewis, I<ou?, MeUrniP. McGau«hey, Me- |
Henry, Mollvaine, Mai si i, Miller, Mo^eley, Noiris, Pen- i
dietoii, Pollock, Rathbun, Juhns Rockwell. Jolm A. Koek- [
well, Root, Runk, Seammon, Severance, Simpson, Tuunan I
Smith, Albeit Smith, Caleb B. Smith. Stewart, St. John, |
Strong, Thibndfnux. Thoninsson. Jacob Thompson. Tilde™, >
Vinton, Wheaton, White, Wmthiop, Wood, Woodward, j
Wright. Yancey, and Young—^S.
So the House decided that the vote should not
be reconsidered.
The question then was on ordering the bill to a :
third reading. i
Mi*. BRINKERHOFF asked the yeas and nays; ;
which were ordered. !
Mr. ST. JOHN inquired nf the Speaker whether j
a motion to reconsider would be now m order? j
The SPEAKER said no; because the previous !
question was a higher motion, and its operation '
had not yet been exhausted.
The question was then taken, and resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. John Quiney Adams, Stephen
Adams, Anderson, Arnold, Harunger, Bayly, Bedxnijer,
Bell, Benton, James Hiack, James A. Black, Blanclmid,
Bowlwi, Bnrikeihoft', Brodln-ad, Milton Brown, William G.
Brown, Canoii, Cat'icart, John G. Chapman, Aiiifu^tin A.
Chapman, Chas.?, Chuke, Cock*1, Collamer, Cranston, Cul-
lom, Culver, Cummin*, ('unmnghani, Dame!, Darsaii. Gar-
rett Davis, Jefferson Davis, De Mott, Dillingham, JMon,
Douglass, Dunlap, EM^all, Kll^voith, Erdman. Faian, P'lek-
hn. Foot, Foster, Fries, Gaivin, ficntrv, Gsh^, Gondvrur,
Gordon, Gndei, Grmnell, Gio^cr, Hamhn, HaraKon, Har-
per, Ililhard. Ho«e. Elias B. Holmes, Hough, Geoice >S.
Houston, Edmund W. Ilulnud, Samuel D. llubbard, Hud-
son, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Hunter, Joseph it.
Ingersoll, Jenkins, Joseph Johnson, George W. Jones,
Thomas Butler King, Lawrence, /«i Sere, "Lewis, Lonjj,
Lumpkin, Maclay, McCiean, McClelland, McClernand,
McCrate, James McDowell, McHenry, Marsh, John P.
Martin, Miller, Moi^e, Moseley, Owen, Parrish, Pavne,
Pendleton, Phe'p*-, Pollock, Price, Robeits Julius Rock-
well, John A. Rockwell, Root. Rank. SawtHle, Scammon,
Sehenckj Seddon, Se\erance, Leonard II Sims, Simpson,
Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb I>.
Smith, Rohm Smith. Stanton, Stewart, St John, Tiubo-
deaux, Thoma-son, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Thurman, Tredway. Trumbo, Wentworth, White, Wick,
Williams, Wilniot, Wmthiop, Wood, Woodwa:d, Wnght,
Yanee\, Y<11, and Young—L<8.
NAYS—Messrs. Bigus, floyd, Burt, William W.Camp-
bell, Chipman, (.'ebb. Ciozier, Dobbin, Doekeiy, Diom-
goole. Graham, Henley, I*a,ic K. IIolme<, Ilungcrfoid,
Charles J. Iiigtiholl, James If. Johnson, Seaborn Jones,
Preston King, MeConnell..Joseph J. McDowell, McGaughe\,
Mcllvmne, McKay, Darkle) Martin, Moms, Nivm, Noi-
re*, Reid, Sawyer, Strong, Svkes, Tildcn, Vinton, and
Wheaton—38.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading now.
And having been read a third time by its title, '
and the question being; on the final passage thereof, .
Mr. BRINKERHOFF demanded the previous ||
question. j
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON inquired whether j
he could now make a motion to recommit thf bill ? ;
The SPEAKER said 110; the previous question |j
would cut it off. |j
Mr. THOMPSON hoped that the previous ones- j I
tion would be voted down. 1 |,
And the question 011 the demand for the previous jj
question was then tak"n by tellers, and the vote i]
stood ayes 90, noes 54. 1
So there was a second. 1
And the main question was ordered, and having j
been taken, the bill was passed. I
Mr. COBB moved a reconsideration of the vote. :
A brief conversation followed on a point of
order.
Mr. COBB went into some remarks explanatory
of his object in moving- to reconsider the vote, '
which he said was to move thpt the bill be recom- :
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, for the purpose of striking out the !
amendment which had rendered it obnoxms to its ,
sincere friends. He had voted against the engross- I
ment of the bill, not because he was opposed to the '
bill itself. He had been its warm friend and ad- '
vocate from the time it was recommended by the !
President and the Secretary of War. He had ad-
vocated it in all shapes and forms; but wnh the :
amendment added by a vote of the House, he
could not give it his sanction or support. The
object contemplated by those who had been most
strenuous in the advocacy of the bill would be
destroyed if the amendment was suffered to remain.
And if he correctly understood the matter, the
gentlemen who had voted for this amendment
would not reach the object they had in view.
Mr. WHITE (who had introduced the amend-
ment) made a remark, of which nothing was heard
by the reporter, but the purport of which may lie
inferred from the next sentence of Mr. Cobb.
Mr. COBB said he trusted that the gentleman
did not consider him as impugning his motives, or
that of any other gentleman who had supported the
amendment. But. lie (Mr. C.) desired to show that
if the gentleman was governed by the same reasons
as actuated those who had addressed the House,
then that object could not be attained. The only
reason assigned by the friends of the amendment
why it should be incorporated into the bill, had
reference to the principle of economy, to prevent
any new officers from being brought into the army,
on the ground that there were already supernume-
raries enough, and that therefore any addition was
unnecessary. If this new regiment was raised,
and the amendment was to remain, where were we
to get a colonel out of the line ? Was there a colonel
that was not now on service? Where were we to
get a major or a captain ? Was the regiment to be
officered out of the supernumerary lieutenants to
whom reference had so frequently been made in
the course of the debate? He called upon gentle-
men who had supported the amendment on the
score of economy to consider how we were to ob-
tain officers out of the line, unless by displacing
them from regiments in which they were now serv-
ing, and thus leaving vacancies there to be filled up.
lie was informed that this was to be done by
the promotion of inferior officers. What, then,
became of the great object of economy? Would
a dollar be saved? If a major was made into a
colonel, and similar promotions were made through
the different grades, would not the expense to the
Government be the same as if the officers were
taken from other places? Was not this true' He
appealed to the friends of the amendment in sin-
cerity and good faith to say, what became of the
economy that was sought for? There was nothing
m it. It was fallacious and deceptive on the face
of it, and he was sure the House would not be led
ofl" from the real merits of the question by an
amendment of this character.
But who were these supernumerary officers by
whom this regiment was to be officered? They
were lieutenants; and, as he was informed, they
were the only persons to whom allnsion had been
made. If the bill was left in its original form, did
it prevent the President of the United States from
giving these supernumerary sccond lieutenants of
the regular army such appointments as m his opin-
ion their experience and ability enabled them to
fill? It was a mere question of confidence in the
wisdom and discretion of the Executive as to the
selection of the officers.
Mr. C. then proceeded to show the propriety of
giving tills discretion to the President, contending
that if the Executive was thus to be limited in his
constitutional power to confer offices of this kind,
there would be no end lo the restrictions that would
be put upon him; and urging that the tendency of
the amendment, if left us it was, would be to make
the regiment a permanent addition to the army, in-
stead of organizing a corps for a particular purpose,
which might be disbanded when the necessity for
its service had passed away. He adverted to the
delay, and even the probable risk to the fate of the
bill, which might result from a disagreement or
controversy between the two Houses on this amend-
ment^ In every view, either of expediency or of
constitutional power, it was one which, in hisjudg-
ment, ought not to receive the favorable consider-
ation of the House.
Mr. C., in the course of his remarks, yielded for
purposes of explanation or inquiry to Messrs.
\ ancey and J. R. In"gf.rsoll.
Mr. SEABORN JONES said he did not intend
to go into the constitutional argument that they had
the power to order additional men to be raised and
not additional officers. These officers had already
been appointed by the President. He believed on
the other bill there was no question raised whether
they had the right to fill up the rank and file to
eighty in each company. It might have been said,
then, that they were making no new officers with
equal propriety.
But the gentleman said it would be treating the
present officers with injustice, because this was a
temporary arrangement, and the regiment might
be disbanded at any time, and then they would not
complain. We had a right to complain now; we
had ninety-five supernumerary officers—ninety-five
men doing nothing.
Mr. COBB inquired if they did not by this bill
provide for the appointment of new officers? Did
his colleague expect that we could officer the pres-
ent regiment without making promotions ?
Mr. JONES. Well, I expect the officers would
not complain of that. It was the last thingie ever
heard of—that an officer complained of being pro-
moted in rank.
Mr. COBB said he was not here peculiarly ad-
vocating the interests of the officers of the army,
although he had nothing on earth to say against
them. He was replying to the argument of his
colleague, in which he stated that they were cre-
ating new officers, and he asked him whether we
would get officers from the existing army, unless
by promotion,which was nothing more than confer-
ring a new office upon those who were promoted.
Mr. RATHBUN (Mr. Jones still yielding) said
it was to be founrt, by looking at the Blue Book,
at the list of colonels, that six of these colonels
were now brevet brigadier generals; and one of
them was in command in Texas.
Mr. TELL said a word in explanation on this
point, which the reporter did not catch.-
Mr. JONES (resuming) said there was no diffi-
culty about officers; there were plenty of them.
The great object of this bill was to make more
offices. The true object, no doubt, had in view
by many persons was, that places might be created
so as to make a necessity for appointments.
Mr. HARALSON wished to explain.
Mr. JONES.declined to yield, but
Mr. HARALSON (still upon the floor) said, so
far as he was concerned in reporting this bill, he
had no object in creating offices.
Mr. JONES had not said that the gentleman
had. He repeated that no doubt the object of
many persons, in voting for this bill without offi-
cers, was for the purpose of having officers ap-
pointed. He did not charge it upon the Military
i Committee.
A voice. Upon whom do you charge it?
Mr. JONES. Not on the Military Committee.
Mr. COBB (in his seat) was understood to say
that there was not one supernumerary out of ser-
vice.
Mr. JONES. Then I do not understand the re-
ports.
Mr. J. A. BLACK (Mr. J. again yielding the
floor) said there were ninety to one hundred " su-
pernumerary" officers. He did not say that they
were idle; he never had said so. There were nine-
ty-five companies, as far as he could ascertain, that
had four officers each.
Mr. JONES, (resuming.) What are supernu-
merary officers but those whom the law does not
require, who are not in their .regular service? If
the law requires but three officers to a company,
and you put four there, this man is not in his
proper service, and is a supernumerary under the
law. There were now ninety-five supernumera-
ries. It would take thirty-four of them, he under-
stood, (for he himself was not a military man,) to
fill up this regiment with officers—thereby redu-
cing the number more than one-third.
Mr. RATIJBUN, (in his seat.) You will have
sixty more who will graduate at West Point in
two or three months.
Mr. JONES, in conclusion, urged the manifest
propriety of selecting these thirty-four. officers
from those supernumeraries we now have, thus
saving the additional expense that would be incur-
red by selecting from civil life, as the salaries of
these supernumeraries would continue to be paid
by the Government if they were not put into these
places.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF, in order to test the sense
; of this House and bring this debate to a close,
. said he intended to make a motion. But before
: he did so, lie wished to inquire of the Chair, in
| case the motion of reconsideration were laid on the
table, whether it would carry the bill with it, or
I whether it would stand passed.
! The SPEAKER replied that the bill would
stand passed.
