660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
prior to the ratification of the treaty with France
of the 30th of September, 1800. As one important
consideration in support of the equity and justice
of the claims, it was alleged, and alleged truly,
that when the five millions of dollars were obtained
imder the treaty of 1831, as an indemnity to indi-
viduals who had sustained losses in consequence
of French spoliations, and when the commissioners
came, to adjust the claims, they rejected all claims
arising prior to the formation of that treaty, upon
the supposition that the United States had herself
assumed the payment of them.
Mr. ALLEN said he was quite willing to with-
draw his objections, and allow the resolution to be
adopted.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON" observed that the resolu-
tion might be considered as an amendment to one
which he had offered a lew days ago. That reso-
lution inquired respecting claims prior to 1800 gen-
erally. He had ascertained, however, that there
weie others which did not fall precisely under that
class, but which had nevertheless arisen prior to
the ratification of the treaty of 1800.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON rose and said that he had it in
contemplation, provided no other Senator should
have possession of the floor on Wednesday next,
to address the Senate on that day on the subjcct of
Oregon, and adduce such reasons as he might then
have to oifer for the vote which he should give
upon that subject.
SECRET-SERVICE FUND.
The resolution submitted on Friday, by Mr.
Jarnagin, calling upon the President for accounts
of the disbursement of the secret-service fund,
from 1825 to ihe present time, was, at the sugges-
tion of the mover, passed over informally.
[The substance of that resolution was unbodied
in thf* call of Mr. Allen", in yesterday's proceed-
ings.]
GENERAL ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The Senate considered the adverse report of the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims upon the pe-
tition of Reuben Mills; which was concurred in.
Also the adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions, upon the petition of Deliverance Slassin;
which wns concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions, upon the petition of Abigail Reeves;
which was coiv.uried m.
The act to change the distribution of duties be-
tween the several naval bureaus, was, at the sug-
gestion of Mr. Aucur.ii, passed by informally.
[A message was received fioni the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House had
passed bills for the relief of Langtry <& Jenkins,
Sampson Brown, Isabella Baldndge, and Wiley
13. Parnell, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was asked.]
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United Suites.]
SPECIAL ORDER OREGON THE NOTICE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
special order of the day; when
Mr. UPHAM, who was entitled to the floor,
being absent,
Mr. HUNTINGTON stated, that as the Senator
from Vermont, who was entitled to the floor, was
prevented from addressing the Senate by sickness,
he would avail himself of this opportunity to pre-
sent the conclusions of his mind on the subject.
In doing this, he intimated his intention to lead
some remarks which he had prepared at an earlier
stage of the debate. He commented on the form
of resolution submitted by Mr. Crittenden, ex-
pressing his regret that it was not more explicit,
although he did not say that he would not vote for
it. If any notice be given, he thought it should be
accompanied by a specific opinion recommending
a just and honorable compromise of the question.
He contended that if both Governments adhered
to their original claims, there would be no peace-
ful adjustment. Ia reference to the objections
taken by some Senators that the joint resolution
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, by directing
the President to issue the notice, took from him
all responsibility in the matter, he did not attach
such weight to the objection as others might. It
was a difference in terms, rather than in substance.
Whether a discretionary power be vested in the
President or not. Congress must take its full share
of the responsibility. He did not feel much anx-
iety about postponing the giving of the notice,
whether it was the close of the session, or the
30th of June, as proposed by the Senator from
Maryland. If it was a peace measure, the sooner
it was given the better.
As to the resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, he contended that the second part of
that resolution did not intend to be an expression
of the House in favor of adjustment by negotia-
tion; but merely as an indication that the House
did not desire to interfere with any pending nego-
tiation. The form of notice in the proposition of
the Senator from Kentucky was more in accord-
ance with his views than either the resolution of
the House of Representatives or that reported by
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On the subject of title, he did not propose to go
into a critical investigation, but he would say that
he did not regard the title we had setup to the whole,
as so clear and indisputable, that we cannot hon-
orably agree to a compromise. We have fre-
quently negotiated on the basis of a compromise,
and treated the question of our title to the whole as
an open question. To settle this by compromise in-
vokes no point of honor. Our ancestors, who
were neither fools nor idiots, were willing to adopt
this basis, and there can be nothing in a repetition
of the desire which can bring disgrace on our pres-
ent counsels.
He here quoted from Mr. Rush, to show the
opinion of that gentleman that, sincere as he was
in his belief of the superiority of our title, he was
bound in justice to say, that he believed the Min-
isters with whom he had to negotiate were equally
sincere m their convictions. His State would not
support him in any \ oto which would rashly plunge
us into a war, any more than it would in any
dishonorable < oncession for the purpose of preserv-
ing peace. War, however, he did not regard as
within the scope of probability, unless brought on
by our own mismanagement.
Reviewing the correspondence between Mr. Bu-
chanan and Mr. Pakenham on the subject of ar-
bitration, he insisted that the Secretary of State
had taken wrong grounds in that correspondence;
and he remarked, in detail, on the insufficiency of
the objections with which the propositions of the
British Minister were met. )f Mr. Buchanan
was right in his view that the territorial rights of
the United States could not be made the subject of
aibitration, why had our Government agreed to an
arbitration for the purpose of determining as to
territorial rights to be surrendered in Maine > If
w< have such a pcrfect title to the whole of Oregon,
how is it thnt we made the comcntion of 1817 with
Great Britain? and how is it that Mr. Polk was
induced to offer to Great Britain an adjustment on
the parallel of 49 ?
While he believed thatthcOregon question would
be amicably settled, he stated that he should give
his vote in favor of such an increase of the navy
and army as the growing extent and increasing i
interests of our country demanded. To prepare j
for war in time of peace, wns the policy of the
party with which he acted. If war should come,
he would be found fighting with his country against
foreign aggression. Connecticut had, in a former
war, contributed more, in proportion to her size,
towards (he clothing of the army, than any other
State: and she would be found, in any future war,
equally prompt and cnergctic in her action.
He believed that notice m sonu form should be
passed, although he thought it probable, that before
many months or weeks had passed, events might
tianspire which would lender any notice unneces-
sary. The joint resolution, as reported from the
Committee on Foreign Relations, he could not sup-
port; and, in his judgment, it ought not to be car-
ried
The notice was advocated as necessary for one
of four purposes. 1st. For the protection of our
people m Oregon, and of such as may hereafter set-
tle there. 2d. For the assertion and maintenance
of our claim to the territory. 3d. To prevent fu-
ture collisions between the people of the two coun-
tries. And 4th. To quiet the public mind, and
remove the paralysis which now suspends our
trade.
To the first, he answered that our people in Or-
egon required no new policy for their protection.
They were on excellent terms with their British
neighbors, and were very likely to continue so.
To the second, he replied that, if no notice were
to pjiss, our title and claims would remain pre-
cisely as strong and clear as now. As to the third
of these purposes, he alleged that the laws enacted
by Great Britain were merely for the protection
and government of'her own subjects, and had never
been extended over the citizens of the United
States. There was no danger of collisions while
this state of things continued. As to the last pur-
pose, he denied that the business of the country
had been paralyzed by the delay in giving the no-
tice.
He asked if it was likely that the giving of no-
tice would induce Great Britain to renew any offer
of negotiation ? The notice, in itself, was a harm-
less measure; it was in the bond. Bu-t if the pas-
sage of the notice was to be accompanied by those
measures the tendency of which was to provoke
hostility, then we must expect war. It appeared
to him, therefore, to be proper that the notice
should not be given, or that it should be given in
such a form as would express the desire of Con-
gress for an amicable ad justment of the question
by an honorable and a just compromise.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved that the Senate now
adjourn, but withdrew the motion,
Mr. SEVIER having expressed a wish that the
Senate should proceed to the consideration of Ex-
ecutive business.
MESSAGE PROM THE PRESIDENT.
The following message from the President of
the United States was then read:
To the Senate of the United Stales:
In answer to the resolution of the Senate of the
11th instant, calling for " copies of any correspond-
ence that may have taken pla'ce between the au-
thorities of the United States and those of Great
Britain, since the last documents transmitted to
Congress, in relation to the subject of the Oregon
territory, or so much thereof as may be commu-
nicated without detriment to the public interest,9f
I have to state that no correspondence in relation
to the Oregon territory has taken place between
the authorities of the United States and those of
Great Britain since the date of the last documents
on the subject transmitted by me to Congress.
JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, April 13, 1846.
Mr. WEBSTER asked for a second reading.
The message was again read by the Secretary.
Mr. WEBSTER. The answer of the President
to the resolution of the Senate seems to be com-
plete, but does not preclude the idea that there has
been correspondence between the Department of
State and the American Minister in London. I do
not mean to say that there has been any such cor-
respondence; but it seems-to be generally under-
stood that there are letters from Mr. mcLane,
whether important or not I cannot say; but if there
be such letters, they are clearly not within the
terms of the call.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON did not think it proper
to call for letters sent by the American Minister at
London; all he had asked was the correspondence
between the two Governments.
Mr. WEBSTER. There is nothing more pro-
per, and sometimes nothing more important, than
to ask for the correspondence between the Depart-
ment here and the American Minister at London.
Mr. ALLEN then moved that the message be
laid on the table and printed; which was agreed
to.
CHEROKEE INDIANS.
A message from the President, in relation to
the existing difficulties between the several bands
of the Cherokee Indians, and the recent murders
committed by some of the said Indians, was also
read; and,
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. S. also moved that the message and accom-
panying documents be printed.
Mr. JARNAGIN was opposed to the printing
until the committee had examined the nature of the
documents.
Mr. SEVIER suggested that, as the message
had also been sent to the House of Representa-
tives, it would doubtless be printed. He consid-
ered it impracticable for the committee to wade
through the documents in their manuscript form,
and persisted in his motion to print, which motion
was agreed to.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of Langtry & Jenkins was read a first
