604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
What becomes of the next title? He meant the >
title by discovery by Meares. This way a matter 1
of fact; and this reference to discovery, explora-
tion, &c., did not settle the right at all. Nothing
could settle the right but actual possession, and that
was what he was for taking now of this disputed
territory. J want (said he) possession of it now,
because we want it. In the year 1818, when we
treated with Great Britain on this subject, we of-
fered her to take the line of 49° for a boundary,
and allow her the navigation of the Columbia
river. Why, our own title to the Columbia river
was then disputed by Spain. We had gone and dis-
covered the Columbia without inquiring what was
the value of Pope Alexander's grant, anymore
than any other grant. We had discovered and
partly explored the Columbia river, and had even
made a settlement on it at the mouth of that river.
But when we made that convention with Great
Britain, (as 1 was saying when I was cut ofi at
the c\o>e of my hour, when I last addressed the
House on the subject,) in 1818, when we made
this convention, we stipulated that wc would not
make settlement north and south of that line of
49°, but that the country should he open to navi-
gation, commerce, and trading, with the Indians,
for ten years. I
Well, sir, what were our rights then5 We had
the right of claim by discovery of the Columbia
river and settlement made upon it; and that settle-
ment had been taken as a conquest during the war
with Great Britain, and Great Britain, in conse-
quence of a stipulation to that eilect, restoied to us
our property after the conclusion of pencc. But
in that convention of 1818, it was merely a stipu-
lation that we should not make settlements—that!
is, that we should not occupy, and that same stip-
ulation was binding upon Great Britain as well as
upon us. It was nut only a total misnomer, but
a total perversion of the whole question of right,
fo call that convention a convention of joint occu-
pation; it was a convention of non-occupation.
And, in making this convention with Great Brit-
ain, we stipulated formally to rescivc the right of
"any third Power"—that is to say, the right of
Spain, for no other Power but Spain had any
claim—and it was reserved in the convention of
1818, as Mr. A. showed when he was up before,
from the words of the convention itself. The
year after that, Spain ceded to us all her right
upon the whole of that coast from 42° north.
Those rights, then, wluch we had reserved, by
coinpact with Great, Britain, in the convention of
1818, were all transferred to us; and when, in
J827, we came to renew that convention for an in-
definite period, it was made m the same form as
the, convention of ]S]8, fatvino; nut the reservation,
and thereby, on the part of Great Britain as well
as ourselves, admiting that the United States were
entitled to all the claims and pretensions of Spam.
But there was another circumstance, which he
did intend at that time to have adduced; and had
not this debate been sprung; upon him by surprise,
he would have had the opportunity to show here
that Great Britain claims as a new title to a part of
this territory of Oregon—of which she insists upon
the lion's half-—this Nootka Sound convention of
1790. That Nootka Sound convention, and the ori-
gin of the, claim of Great Britain upon it, had been
fully exposed in a very admirable speech by one
of the Senators from New York, in another place. *
ITe had shown what was the moral right of the j1
claim of Great Britain, founded upon any discov- >■
cry or settlement by Meares; that Meares was a :
supercargo, he believed, or, at least, was employed ■
on board a vessel fitted out at Alacao, China, under :
a Portuguese flag, and with Portuguese owners, !
and with no authority from any other Power. It '
was an expedition contrary to the laws of China,
contrary to the laws of England, invading the priv-
ilege of the East India Company; coutrary to the i,
laws of Spain; and in the instructions given to the ;
captain of that ship, or'to this man Meares, they j
were instructed, if molested at all by English ves-.
sels, to take them as prizes; so far were they from :
having any authority from the English Governor. I
It was indeed true that, under this protection of j
Portuguese authority, theie wetc certain English
traders in Macao, China, who were owners of the <
property embarked in this expedition. They went j
to Nootka Sound, and they met there two vessels (
of the United States, one of which was called the '
Columbia and the other the Washington. They !
were fitted outat Boston, fitted out under the chance ;
of being stopped by Spanish authorities upon the
coast, to make a fur-trade voyage between there
and China, and were violating no law, unless it
was that of Spain. And now we are told, among
other things by British negotiators, that we have
no claim at all in consequence of that, because the
owners and captains of that vessel were specula-
ting,and transacting business upon their own private
account, and because they had not got a commis-
sion from the proper authorities to make a voyage of
trade into the country which Spain claimed. There
they met this man Meares, and the Spanish Gov-
ernor had sufficient settlements there, and sufficient
jurisdiction there, to seize them; that is to say, he
seized Meares and his Portuguese vessel, and sent
them oft* to Mazntlan or St. Mark's, After his re-
lease, Meares went to England, and writes and
publishes a fraudulent account of his voyage, con-
cealing entirely the fact that he was under Portu-
guese authority, and not the authority of Great
Britain, and claiming, at the same time, indemnity
for the seizure of this vessel, which was fitted out
under Portuguese authority. And this was done
and upheld by the British Government, who at the
same time tells us wo can derive no benefit from
Gray's discovery; because it was not authorized
by the Notional Government. Well, when this
story told by Meares came to the ears of the Brit-
ish Parliament, they took fire at once; they imme-
diately set to making great preparations, as great
preparations as they are now making against us—
for a war—a war for what? To sustain a fraudu-
lent trader asrainst her own laws, against the laws
of China, and against the laws of Spain. That
was what they made the great armament for, of
which those who did not even dispute its expedien-
cy, somewhat objected to its immense expense.
Meares kept out of sight entirely the fact that he
had not the smallest right to any indemnity; that
if there was an outrage upon him at all, it was
becausc he was acting under a commission from
Portugal, as a subject of Portugal. All this was
hidden; Meares never told that he was acting un-
der Portuguese authority, and in fraud of the East
Jndia Company, as well as of Spain and of China.
Mr. A. was understood to refer to a publication
within the last year or two from*English sources,
which said it was true that, for the sake of avoid-
ing trouble with China, he did fit out under the Por-
tuguese flag. That was the way (said Mr. A.)
that they got rid of that; and at the same time they
tell us that one cause of their superior title to ours
is, th.it Captain Gray's discovery gives no nghtat
all, because he had not a commission from the
proper American authorities of that day.
What Mr. A. wanted to show when upon the
floor of the "House before, was the variation of ex-
pression between the convention of 1818 and that
of 1827, in neither of which the word "settlement"
was used. Now, in the Nootka Sound conven-
tion, the substance of which was the same as our
conventions with Great Britain of the year 1818 and
the year 1827, the word "settlement" was included;
that,"was to say, that Spain agreed that the subjects
of Great Britain should have the right of naviga-
tion, and tiading with the savages, and of settle-
ment. He had not got the convention before him.
If anybody would get Green how's book, t hey would
find that convention, and they would there find,
that among the rights and privileges reserved to
Great Britain on that coast, there was nothing like
possession of that, territory, nothing like jurisdic-
tion, but merely the freedom to navigate, the free-
dom to trade with the savages, and to make set-
tlements. Now, that word " settlement" m the
Nootka Sound convention, was one of the strings
upon which they harp the most, as giving Great
Britain territorial rights over the northwest coast,
because they had stipulated with Spain that they
should be allowed the right to navigation, com-
, merce, and tiade, and to make settlements. It was
: very unnecessary to inquire what was the spirit of
; that treaty; but"(he said) they harp upon it very
much, as giving to them the right to exercise juris-
■ diction and possession of territory there. He would
1 not enter into the question, whether that Nootka
' Sound convention was abolished by war, nor would
he consume the time of the committee by bringing
up the controversy which he himself held with the
British Government in 1818, in which they say, in
so many words, that " our right" to claim under
the Nootka Sound convention; that that claim is
of no account whatsoever, since war abolished the
treaty. That w as the question, whether the treaty
of independence was violated by war. .They main--
tamed it was. Mr. A. maintained itwas not; and
he stated the discrimination of treaties which were
not violated. And Lord Bathurst took the ground
that the British Government knew of no exception
to the principle that all treaties were abolished by
the war.
[Mr. HOLMES here addressed a remark to Mr-
A., which was not heard by the reporter.]
Well, sir, (continued Mr. A.?) I make bo ques-
tion whatsoever whether the treaty of Nootka
Sound was abolished by the war or not. I say,
that if Great Britain was entitled to make settle-
ments by the treaty of Nootka Sound in 1790, she
has forfeited and abandoned that right by the omis-
sion of the word in the convention of 1818' and
1827.
In 1818, the convention was made between us
and Great Britain. Great Britain claimed at that
time the privileges of the Nootka Sound conven-
tion; but she did not choose to claim the right to
make settlements for the limited time of ten years.
That convention itself excluded it; it left out that
word "settlements " copying the Nootka Sound con -
vention in all other respects, leaving the country
open for navigation, commerce, and trade with the
savages. Why did they leave out the word "settle-
ment ?'' There was no reasons assigned for leaving
it out; but if it had been included, we should have
had the right of settlement as well as they. They
forfeited it; they renounced it by omitting the word
"settlement" in the convention of 1818, and it con-
tinues to be omitted to this day. In 1827, when
the convention came to be renewed, an indefinite
time was assigned instead of ten years; and there
again the reservation of rights of any third Power
was omitted, clearly, because we hail acquired all
the rights of the third Power, whose rights were
reserved before, and the word {< settlement" con-
tinued to be omitted; Great Britain having no right
under that convention to make any settlements-
whatever.
Mr. A. had not the Nootka Sound convention
before him, but if he had, he thought he should
take the trouble now of making the comparison-
's he had intended to do at the close, of his last
remarks) between the three conventions.
The convention being here brought him by Mr-
| JamesJThompsov,
j The Clerk, at Mr. A.'s request, proceeded to
read the third article, on which Mr. A. said he
based his argument so far as regards the right of
' Great Britain to settlement.
i The reading had but just commenced, when Miv
; A. \s hour expired.
; Mr. BURT addressed the Chairman, and pro-
| posed, in compliance with what seemed a general
| wish of the committee, to yield, to allow Mr. Ad-
ams to continue his remarks, stating that he him-
self did not wish to occupy his whole hour.
[The Speaker here resumed the Chair informal-
ly, and a message in writing was received from the
President of the United States-by the hands of J.
Knox Walker, Esq., his private secretary.]
Mr. ADAMS still retained the floor, and the
reading of the article having been concluded, with
the remark that if Great Britain ever had the right
of making settlements there under this convention,
she had forfeited it under the conventions of 1818
and 1827 by omitting to provide for it, he declined
to use the privilege of speaking longer than his
hour, and resumed his seat.
Mr. BURT resumed the floor, and said that he
did not intend to enter into the question of title 10
11 this territory, nor to propound interrogatories to
ij the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams.]
I! That gentleman had a light to pursue such a course
\\ of argument as, in his discretion, he thought prop-
'! er. But (continued Mr. B.) I should have been
\; gratified if the gentleman had thought fit to answer
i some of the objections which have been urged
i against his course on this subject. I remember,
| that when, amongst others, I had the honor of ad-
I dressing the committee upon it, I desired to know
; why it was that he, (entertaining the views he had
; expressed to-day, and denying, as I understood
; him, that he had received any new lights respect-
; ing our title to this territory,) while Secretary of
State under Mr. Monroe, and again whilst Presi-
ij dent of the United States, offered to divide the coun-
i' try with Great Britain; and, in the emphatic lan-
I i guage of Mr. Clay—language which, upon the gen-
tleman's own authority, I may attribute to him as
conveying his sentiments, and not the sentiments
