670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
established by the citizens of Oregon themselves
would be of no avail, having been superseded by
such temporary extension of our laws.,) and argu-
ing' especially that this extension of jurisdiction
over our citizens, in the whole territory, being not
in violation of, but in conformity to, the treaty,
might be voted for as well by those who would be
willing to compromise our differences with Great,
Britain on the line of 49°, as by those who believed
our title perfectly good to 54° 40', and without im-
pairing their freedom of action hereafter.
In the course of Mr. C.'s remarks, of which a
more extended report will appear hereafter, he
yielded for explanations or inquiries to Mr. VIN-
TON and Mr. BURT.
Mr. HOLMES said he had not heard a single
gentleman, whether Democrat or Whig, express an
opinion upon this bill, who was not in favor of
passing it, should some modifications be adopted.
I-Je had. until yesterday, considered the bill harm-
less, and he had really intended to give it his vote.
But the discussion of yesterday had induced him
to examine the bill more closely; and he found him-
self compelled to oppose it. In doing this, he was
compelled to go against his colleagues, and also
against the Democracy of the House, and even
without the consolation of having the Whigs with
him.
The notice he had deemed a precursor of evil;
but it was a cloud no bigger than a man's hand,
compared with the mighty influence which now
hung over the land. There was nota single provi-
sion of this bill that was not a distinct violation of
the convention. The convention stipulated that the
right of eminent domain should be held in abeyance;
but this bill asserted for us the right of eminent do-
main—the exercise of empire over the region. The
Hudson Bay Company had received laws acting
on persons'?. They claimed no territorial or propri-
ty jurisdiction. They had erected some forts under
the stipulations of the treaty, they being allowed to
trade with the Indians. But what did this hill do?
Ir contained three provisions, nil of which were in
violation of the convention. In the first place, it
extended the whole jurisdiction of Iowa over the
entire region; and here he would remark that this
Would be as much in violation of the treaty, if it
extended to 49°, as if it extended to 54° 40'. The
convention stipulated for a joint jurisdiction and
usufruct.
Mr. JACOTs THOMPSON here naked the iron-
tlemnn from South Carolina, whether byextendnvj;
our laws over our citi/ms m that region, we vio-
lated the treaty stipulation ?
Mr. 1JOLM RS had, he said, tir^ued, that by ex-
tending the whole judicial power of lown over
Ou'i'on, we had asserted and claimed the eminent
domain. Hls objection was to the exercise of
eminent domain. There was anothei chuise in the
bill, to which he had a strong objection: he meant
thf provision for the erection of military posttf.
?vlr. JAMF.S TROMPSON explained that this
provision of the bill was rendered unnecess-iry by
a bill which had already passed the House. He
also remarked that the right to erect fortifications in
the territory by either party had never been doubt-
ed. The establishment of a military post at the
mouth of the Columbia was recommended by Mr.
Monroe and by Mr. Adams.
Mr. HOLMES said he doubted it, notwith-
standing these authorities. Was rot the asser-
tion of territorial rights a violation of the treaty of
1827 ?
Mr. THOMPSON said, if our Government ex-
ercised a jurisdiction over the whole territory during
the existence of the trcoty, that would be'a \iola~-
tion of it; but when the "treaty was at an end, it
would be no violation.
Mr. HOLM ES understood, he said, the question
to be this: whether the right of empire being in
abeyance, the erection of military posts was not
ample assertion of eminent domain?
Now, (said Mr. H.,) if we pass this bill, and
give it to the President to be executed, would it not
devolve upon the President a power to involve us
in a collision ? There was another provision in this
bill, to which he objected: the establishment of
Indian agencies for the regulation of trade with the
Indians, without modification or condition. The
powers of the Indian agent were at least pro-con-
sular—he regulated the trade with, and in fact jov-
erned, the Indians. _ Mr. H. alluded to the fart that
many of these Indian tribes had been subsidized
by the Hudson Bay Company, and that an attempt
to control them would involve us in a collision at
once.
In fact, (Mr. H. said,) no bill could be framed
that was a more complete and explicit assertion of
our exclusive rights in the territory. The gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] goes, he says, upon
our rights; but unfortunately, others also adhered
to their rights. He had examined this subject of
right, and he would grant that gentlemen who stood
upon 54° 40' could with more reason support this
bill than he could. He had heard no argument in
favor of the exclusive title to Oregon up to the Rus-
sian boundary, except that which was based on
the Spanish claim. Upon what did that Spanish
title rest? He was surprised to hear from a Pro-
testant gentleman, in the nineteenth century, the
doctrine that the title rests upon a grant from the
Pope, and which, if good, would give the whole
continent to Spam. Mr. H. remarked upon the
absurdity of this pretension, and his surprise that
one who had grown gray in public affairs, who
was high in rank and m honor, and who was par
excellence the American diplomatist, should ad-
vance the opinion that we had a title through Spain
from Pope Alexander the Sixth. ft Won tnvideo,
sal miror magis,'' exclaimed Mr. H., in reference
to this doctrine. We must rest, said Mr. H., upon
our own title by discovery and exploration. We
must rest on our own title, and not that of Spain.
If we took this title, we must rely upon Genesis
for its authority, and it might give us an Exodus.
The subject was loo grave for a jest, but if this ar-
gument was not a joke, it was difficult to say what
it was. That baseless fabric of a title, we were
called upon to support, and, in defence of it, to
lead our people to battle. Pie believed our own
title to be just, so far as it went. Our acts made it
good, and it derived no aid from the Spanish title.
The gentleman from Georgia had no apprehen-
sion as to the eifect of this measure. He (Mr. H.)
confessed that he had. Would it not have the effect
to obstruct a negotiation, which was the only alter-
native to a war, by asserting eminent domain?
Was it not a challenge, followed by a request for
an explanation? Upon the day when the notice
terminated the joint occupancy, it would place us in
collision with Great Britain.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] had
demonstrated, thatif his amendment was notadopt-
ed, the termination of the joint occupancy put us,
ipso facto, m a state of open war. Should this bill
be passed, he would say, prepare at once—and he
would not bland back. We owed it to the Presi-
dent, and to the country, if we gave him these
powers, to give him also thirty millions, to enable
hnn to carry out the purposes of the bill. We
nniM not leave our ciuzcns in Oregon in such a sit-
uation as will justify the accusation against us,
that wo have abandoned them to destruction.
Mr. MILTON BROWN took the floor, and, on
his motion, the committee rose.
On motion of Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, the
message received yesterday from the President of
the United States on the subject of the Cherokee
relations, with the accompanying report of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs* were ordered to
be printed.
Mr. THOMPSON moved the printing of an ex-
tra number of the report.
Objection being made, the motion lies over*
THE TAIIIFF.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, asked leave to report a bill.
Objection having been made—
Mi. HOPKINS moved a suspension of the
rules*.
On which motion no quorum voted.
A motion to adjourn was made and rejected.
After some comeisation,
The SPEAKER, obviated the objection allowed
by the lule to the introduction of business out of !
its regular order. He said the first business in or- i
der is the call of the committops for reports. Re-
ports are in order from the Committee on Elections.
I Much merriment.]
No reports having been made from the Commit-
tee on Elections—
The SPEAKER said: The Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. McKAY. Mr. Speaker, I am directed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to report a
bill.
And the bill was read a first time by its title, as
a bill to reduce duties on imports, and for oihfer
purposes.
The SPEAKER said: The second reading of a
bill. /
Mr. STEWART objected. % .
The SPEAKER. Objection is made; so the -
question will be, " Shall this bill be rejected ' -
Some conversation followed; after which,
The SPEAKER said that the question of the
rejection of the bill was not debatable.
And the question, il Shall this bill be rejected.5"
was taken, and decided in the negative.
So the bill was not rejected.
It was then read a second time by its iitle, and,
on motion of'Mi. McKAY, was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McKAY gave notice that he would, at sc>me
early day, ask the House to fix-a time for which
they would make the bill the special order.
Several voices: " Do it now."
Mr. McKAY. I will not make the motion now,
because I promised some gentlemen that I would
not.
[Our reporter has compiled, with much haste,
the following abstract or synopsis of the bill. _ It
is believed to be sufficiently accurate and full to
give a general view or outline of its provisions.-—
Nat. Int.
Prom and after the 1st December next, the du-
ties on imports shall be as follows:
Goods to pay 75 per cent, ad valorem.—Brandy and other
spirits, cordial's.
Goods to pay 30 per cent, ad valorem.—Alabaster, almonds,
anchovies, German silver, gold and silver embroidery; arti-
cles worn by men, women, and children, made wholly or
m part by hand; as^es, skins, balsams,cosmetics, &c.; bas-
kets, bay rum, bead®, benzouts. Bologna &au ages, bracelet?,
he.; gum-eia^tic articles, brooms and brushes, cameos set,
cane&, capers, &c.; caps made of fur, caps, gloves, leggms,
&c.; card cases, packet books, &c.; carpets and carpeting,
&,c.; carriages and parts, cassia, Cayenne pepper, cheese,
cinnamon, clocks and parts of clocks, ready-made clothing,
cloves, coach and llamas furniture, coal, coke, combs,
compositions ot glass, &c when set, composition table tops,
comfits, &c.; confectionaiyofall kinds; coral, cotton cords,
court plasty : crayons of all kinds, currant?, t-utlery of all
Kinds, date4?, diamonds, See. when, set m gold, &c.; dells
and toys of all kinds, epaulets, &e.; fans, feathers,'and
flowers; ftes, frames and sticks for umbrellas; furniture,
cabinet; Ginger, grapes, gum benzoin, hair pencils; hat
bodice, of cotton ; honey, human hair, ink and ink powder;
iron, in blooms, bolts, bars, loop?, pigs, rods, slabs, or other
form, not otheiwise provided for; castings of non, scrap
iron, vessels of cast iron, japanned ware, jewelry, jet or
manufactures of jet, lead pencih, maecarom, &c.; mace,
manufactures of the coik tree, manufactures of bone, &c.;
manufactures of brass, copper, gold, iron, lead, pewter,
platma, silver, tin, &c.; manufactures of cotton, wool, silk,
worsted; lmcn, if embroideiedor tamboured; manufactures
of glass, coloied, stained, or painted; crystals of glass for
watches, glasses for spectacles; paintings on glass, porcelain
glass; manufacture of leathei, manufactures of marble, of
paper, of papiei maeh6, of wood, of wool; medicinal pre-
parations, metallic pens, mineral waters, molasses, mus-
kets, rifles, fee.; nutmegs; oil cloth ; oils volatile, essential
oi expressed; olive oil, salad; olives: paper, paperboxes,
and other fancy boxes: paper envelopes, parasols, parch-
ment ; pepper, pimento; plated and gilt ware, of all kinds;
playing cards; plums; prepared fish, poultry and game;
prunes, lawns; red chalk pencils; saddlery of "all kinds; sal-
mon, preseived; seagliola table tops; sealing wax; cigars,
and mannfact ures of tobacco; side arms, silver-plated metal,
soaps, sugars, tjrups of sugar; umbrellas, vellum, wafers,
water colors; wines of all lands.
Gjodh to pay 25 per cent, ad valorem—Buttons of all kinds,
baizes, bocKirigs, Sec.; cables and eordagg"; laces, &o. of
cotton; manufactures of cotton, goat's hair or mohair j of
silk, ofwoisted; slates other than roofing slate, wooljen and
worsted yarn, w ooi unmanufactured.
Goods to pay 20 per cent, ad valorem,—Acids, ale, beer,
andpoitcr; aloes, alum, amber, ambergris, anise seed, animal
carbon, antimony, si.iuwioot; dyeing or tanning articles,not
in a etude state; afremia, bacon, banannas. bailey, beeP,
beeswax, bem->, bismuth, bitter apple, blanket^, blank
hooks, blue vit 1 >1, lumber, baran, boncho leaver, brecia,
bronze powder, Lnirjui.cK pitch, butter,cadmium, calamine,
calomel, camphoi, e.intbandes, caps, gloves. &,c , made of
cotton, cassia buds, castoi oil, ea-itorum, ehromate of lead,
chocolate, eliminate, hiclnomate, hydryodate and prussiate
of potash, cobalt, cocoa nut*, coeulus mdicus. copperas,
copper, rod", bolts, nails, and spikes; copper bottoms, cop-
per m sheets or plate?., called brazier's copper; corks, cu-
beb>, dried pulp; eaithen. china, and stone ware; emery,
ether; fiatbeis and downs, feldspar, fig blue, firewood; fi*h,
smoked, salted, dued, or pickled; fish glue, fish skins, fiats,
braids, plaits, sparture and wiilow squares; floss silks,flour
of sulphur, Frankfort black, French chalk, fruit, fulminates,
furs die'sed on the skm: gamboge, singer; glass tumblers,
not cut or punted; glue, pi ass cloth, gunpowder; hair-cloth,
hair, &c., usfd for beds and mattiesses; hams, hats and
bonnet* of straw, bat* of wool, hat-hodses of wool, hatters'
plush of silk or cotton, hemp unmanufactured; hempseed,
and Unseed, and lapeseed oil; Indian corn and cornmeal,
ipecacuanha, indium, iris or orris root, ivory or bone,black;
jalap, jumper hemes, jute, Ri*al grass; coir and other
\eyetable substances, unmanufactured; lac sulphur,lamp-
black. lard, leather, lead, lead pipes, lead shot, leeches,
linen, hqumiee paste, juice or root, litharge; malt, manga-
nese ; manufactures of flax, of hemp; marine coral, un-
manufactured; floor matting, of flags, jute, or grass; medi-
cinal diugs, roots, and leaves, in a ciude state; metals un-
