676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
But taking the other sections of the bill, with the
modifications I have mentioned, is it justly liable
to the censure of the gentleman from feouth Caro-
lina, [Mr. Holmes,] who addressed the committee
yesterday? Some gentlemen object to the phrase-
ology of this bill, because it does not indicate the
limit of the tenitory. Now I think so far from
the bill being objectionable on tn&t score, it is one
of the features winch rccommend it. It speaks of
what ? Of the territory of the United States which
lies west of the Rocky Mountains. If it had gone
on to speak of the precise limits of the territory
extending- it to 54° 40', it might possibly have in
some measure tended to retard negotiations, if they
are about to be renewed. It might have been con-
strued in the spirit of deliance by this Congress to
the British Government. If it had indicated the
parallel of 49° as the northern limit, it would have
been considered by the British Government as an \
abandonment on the part of the American Con- i
gross of all claim which the Government may have j
north of the 49th parallel of latitude. It does '
appear to me, Mr. Chairman, that in either view !
of this case, it was rightfully framed to speak of j
your territory as it lies west of the Rocky Moun- i
tains, without defining it by limit. i
But it is a bill to do what, sir? It is a bill " to j
protect the rights of American settlers in the terri- i
tory of Oregon, until the termination of the joint j
occupation of the same." It must be, then,co- !
extensive with the American territory there. It I
must be co-extensive, at least, with your popula-
tion there. It is not to protect the right to the soil,
and it should not, as I shall show hereafter, go on
to make grants of the soil; but it is to do for your
own citizens what the British Government has
wisely done for theirs for more than twenty years
—to extend over them the shield of your protec-
tion, and the administration of your law, civil and
criminal.
Now, is it liable to the objection raised against
it by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. M.
Brown,] that it can interfere with civil rights of
the British subjects? It appears to me not, Mr.
Chairman. It appears to me that the exception in
the first clause reserves to the subjects of Great j
Britain the right to be tried by their own courts of i
judicature in pursuance of the construction which >
both nations have given to the conventions of.
1318 and 1827. Now the gentleman from Ten- !
nessee said that, whatever might be the provisions '
of the law of 18^1, which extended over the north-
west territory the laws of Canada, it was abroga- '
ted by the convention of 1827. Well, sir, when !
the law of 1821 was passed by the British Parha- i
ment, the convention of 1818 was m existence, |
and the convention of 18^7 is but a renewal of the
convention of 1818. What did the British Gov-
ernment then do, sir? Why, did they make any
special reservation in favor of American subjects?
Did they even word it as cautiously as the drafter
of this first section has placcd the language of
this bill? No, sir. I will read the sixth section
of the law of Great Britain of 1821:
" Section 6. Jind be it further enacted, That, from and 1
after the passing of this act, the courts of tudicaturc now J
exi<tm§, or wine a may heicafter be established in the piov- j
ince of Upper Canada," shall have ttie &aine civil jurisdiction, i
power, and authority, as well in the cognizance of suit  as j
in the issuing process, me^ne and final, and m all other re- i
gpects whatsoever, within the r.aid Indian territories and :
other parts of America not within the limits of cither of the |
provinces of Lower or Upper Canada, or of any c-m! ?ov- i
eminent of the United State*, as th^ paid couits have or are ;
Invested with witlnn the founts of the haul pumnees of i
Lower oi Upper Canada respectively, and that ail and every :
contract, agreement, debt, liability, and demand whatso-
ever, nnde, entered into, incur* ed, or arming within the
said Indj.ii) territories, and orher parts of Amcnca, and all
and every wrong and mjuty to the person, or to property,
real or phonal, committed or done within the same, shal)
be, and be deemed to be, of the same nature, and be cogni-
zable by the same courts, magistrates, or justices of the
peace, and be tried in the *atne manner, and subject to the
same consequences in all re&p-jcfr*, as if the <ame had been
made, entered into, incuricd, ari-en, committed oi done, i:
within the said province of Upper Canada, anything in any , i
act or acts of Parliament, or errant, or charter, to the contrary 11
notwithstanding: Prowled, always, That all such suits and !|
actions relating to lands, or to any claim^in lespectoi' lancN,
nor bein? within the piovince of Upp *r Canada, shall be de- ,
cided according to the laws of that patt the United Kingdom !
called Englandj and shall not be subject to or affected bj i
any local acts, statutes, or laws of the Legislature of Upper i
Canada. j
There (continued Mr. G.) is the British law, as i
general as language could make it, extending over !
iall this northweslern territory the laws of Upper j
Canada. i grant, Mr. Chairman, that m the ad- (
ministration of this law, the intelligent agents of !
the Hudson Bay Company have never construed
it so as to make its processes bear on the citizens
of the United States. T grant a construction ha3
been given to it by the officers and agents of the
Hudson Bay Company, so as to prevent the ex-
ecution of the law becoming an infringement of the
convention of 1827; but it was the construction
they have wisely placed upon it, and not the terms
of the law itself, that has prevented such infringe-
ment.' As is very properly remarked by a friend
on my right, that is a construction that can be
changed at pleasure. But the law of Parliament
is in direct conflict with the treaty of 1818, which
was then in existence, for it extended the laws of
Canada over the territory of Oregon, without any
exception whatever, or any allusion to the rights
guarantied to the citizens of the United States un-
der the convention of 1818.
Now, is such the law now awaiting the action of
the committee ? Is not its first section what it pur-
ports to be? Upon whom is it to operate? Upon
British subjects? I contend not. It is to operate
alone for the protection of the rights of American
settlers who have gone there, and for the punish-
ment of crimes that there may be committed by
American settlers in the territory of Oregon. It
extends the laws and jurisdiction of the courts of
Iowa to this distant territory, as the British law
had extended the laws of Upper Canada over the
northwest coast of America; but in the first section
it clearly and plainly excepts the rights of British
subjects growing out of the conventions of 1818 and
1827. And the only amendment I should like to
see prevail to that section is, an amendment which
should strike out, all of the 15th line after the word
" 1827" to the end of the section, so as to limit it
in its operation to the existence of the "joint oc-
cupancy,'' (so called.) I contend that this section,
thus modified, would make this bill as it should
be, temporary. It should be what the President
recommended it to he—a bill to protect the rights
of oursctlleis there, until this "joint occupancy"
shall cease; and with the amendment I have sug-
gested, it is properly framed to accomplish that
object.
Now, is there anything in the 2d, 3d, and 5th
sections of this bill which makes it amenable to the
objections of the gentleman from South Carolina?
The 2d section merely provides the courts before
whom the crimes committed there shah be tried:
it merely designates the tribunals that shall adju-
dicate all matters of right between our own citizens.
Tlie 3d section merely provides for the appointment
of civil officers there; and the 5th section merely for
the appointment of Indian agents to regulate trade
between the Indians and our own emigrants there
during this "joint-occupancy,"and to see to the
execution of the laws extended over that country
by the first, section of this act.
Now, is there anything objectionable there- ? any-
thing that infringes the rights of the subjects of
Great Britain under the convention of 1816, and as
continued by the convention of 1827 ? Why, what
is that convention ? During the discussion upon the
notice, Mr. Chairman, it was very properly re-
marked, that, at the date of the convention of 1818,
we. should have been considered the party right-
fully in possession. We were in possession cer-
tainly of the fort at the mouth of the Columbia.
Now, what does the treaty of 1818 do, and what
are its limitations? I will read its 3d article:
It is aqreed that any country that may bp claimed by
either jj.iru on tiie northwest coast of Ameiica, westward
of the Stony Mountain-:. Khali, together with its harbors,
bays, and creeks, and the navigation ot'a!! rivers within the
same, be frpc and open, tor tlie tenn ot ten years from the
date of the signature of the present convention, to the ves-
sels, ctti/.cn-. and subjects ot the two Towers: it being well
undfr--tood that this agreement is not to be construed to the
prejudice of any claim which either of the two high contract-
ing parties may have to aay part of the said country; nor
shall it be taken to afreet the claims of any othor Power or
State to any part of the said country; the only object of the
high contracting paities, m that respcct, bem^ to prevent
disputes and differences amongst themselves.1'
This territory, then, is to be open for the pur-
poses of trade to the citizens, vessels, and subjects
of the two high contracting parties. Now did that
not leave either party free to facilitate that trade by
every means in their power, whether by the erec-
tion of forts and stockades, or by the protection of
their emigrants going there, or by sending provis-
ions there, or by any means known among civilized
men, to facilitate trade? Would the exercise of
any of these be an infringement of the treaty stipu-
lations? Why, the gentleman from South Caro-
lina contended that the erection of forts there would
be equivalent to an immediate declaration of war.
I differ with the honorable gentleman. If they are
erected for the protection of the emigrant, and to
facilitate trade, they are erected rightfully under the
conrention of 1827, which authorizes our Govern-
ment to use every means to facilitate their own trade
and protect their citizens, but which do not pre-
vent the citizens, subjects, and vessels of Great
Britain from a participation in the same privileges.
Why, have notthe British Govern menterected forts
there ? I am aware that they have not done it by
the act of the Government itself openly; -but the
gentleman from South Carolina, • as a lawyer, is
familiar with the principle qui facti per attum,facit
per se. They have done it through the organiza-
tion of the Hudson Bay Company, in the same
way as they would have done it in the Indies,
through the East India Company. It is an organi-
zation, a perfect one, whose Government resides
in London, and which moves as an unit. The
Hudson Bay Company have erected their forts its
every part of that territory. Has our Government
ever protested against it ? No; because they have
erected them for the purposes of trade, as they
bad a right to do, consistently with the provisions
of the conventions of 1818 and 1827. And I hold,
we clearly have the same right of erecting any
forts or stockades we may think proper, either in
Oregon or on the route to Oregon, if our object be
to protect our citizens, or facilitate their trade.
That treaty has not been prohibitory, but permis-
sive, to both nations, giving them certain rights,
and providing that the bays and rivers of that
country shall be open, first, for the term of ten
years, and then indefinitely, to the vessels, citizens,
and subjects of the two Powers. I contend, there-
fore, that there is nothing in the principal provis-
ions of this bill which makes it amenable to the
objections raised against it.
But I have an objection, Mr. Chairman, to the
4t.h section of the bill. I contend that this bill
should be temporary in its character and provisions
—that it should do only what its title purports to
do—that it should protect the rights of American
settlers in Oregonuntil the termination of the " joint
occupancy." And why? Bocause'this "joint oc-
cupancy" is a very difficult matter to legislate
about. We require one system of legislation to
protect our citizens there during the continuance
of this convention; when it shall have expired, we
require another system. I am, therefore, for stri-
king from this biil every feature of a permanent
character; and leaving it as it should be, a bill car-
rying out the recommendations of the President.
It should be temporary, and continue only so. long
as this " joint occupancy " continues. When that
"joint occupancy" expires—when the convention
of 1827 shall be ended by notice of twelve months,
(if notice shall be given,")—then will be the time for
Congress, if this difficult and embarrassed ques-
tion be not settled in the mean time by treaty, to
provide a territorial government, and to support
that government. Then will come the time when,
if this matter be not settled before, we shall have
the din of arms, and there will be no escape from
it. But we do not want this legislation' now; we
do not want to do anything that may, peradven-
ture, keep off, retard, possibly defeatj a peaceable
settlement of this question. I want that our action
here shall be clearly within the legitimate, exercise
of our rights under the conventions of 1818 and
1827; that this bill shall, by no construction which
can be given to it, infringe any of the rights which
the citizens, or subjects, or Government of Great
Britain, have under the conventions of 1818 and
1827; and therefore, Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to the 4th section. I am opposed to it because it
holds out promises of grants of land to emigrants
to that territory. I am aware that it says they
I must be residents there five years, and must get
| there within three years from this date.
; But there are several objections to it. First, it
' holds out promises of grants of land in a territory
i of which we have not now the sole possession; of
: which, as some gentlemen have said, the eminent
j domain is in abeyance. Certainly we have notthe
i exclusive possession; and it is yet uncertain of
! what part we shall have exclusive possession.
1 We may, then, be holding out promises with
;j which we may not be able hereafter to comply,
;! and the emigrant wlio goes with his family, and
J locates himself in that territory on.the faith of
i! them, may plant himself north of 49°, and we by
