678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
AprillS,
grant land, but to regulate trade and intercourse |
with the Indian tribes, ami to see to the execution |
(if the laws extended over that countiy in the first j
section of this act. But Great retain'bad done all j
this and more; she had en! sted (he Indians on her ;
s:de. Mr. G. contended tli it, by parity of reason-
in'''', we had the rmht to operate upon the.n so as
to'bring them to stand at least equally favorable to
us in case of a conflict. Great Britain might do
nil these things—mi^ht claim the territory to the ^
Columbia river—might have her forts garrisoned— :
her military power and civil government organized
within this temtorv, under the convention of 1827,
and yet the doing: the same thins; on our part was
it cause of complaint! He could not understand
s ich loi^ie. Avul it appeared to him there must he .
something behind hidden. It appeared to him
that this argument must he built upon a desire that
this territory should be lost to the United States, :
and should belong to the Power which is asserting
a claim to it.
There was nothing in this bill which was not
justified by the piecedents set by Great Britain.
Our territory way not deiined in this bill, we weie
about extending our laws and jurisdiction over our
people in that region: and if the -convention is
terminated, the execution of this law w<iuM de-
volve upon the, President; and Mr. G., without
any distrust of him, would leave him to say how
far our territory extends.
He hoped, and sincerely believed, that if we
£ave the notice, as he trusted we should, before
the expiration of twelve months this question of
dispute between Great Britain and the United
States would be settled by negotiation by the two
Governments. On what parallel of latitude the
settlement would be made, he would not antici-
pate, but believed, if so settled, it would be settled
by the Executive as it ought to be. The question,
the longer it was delayed, was becoming; the moie
difficult of settlement, and unless we passed the
notice, it would doubtless become more complica-
ted. If it was not settled within twelve months,
he feared it never would be, unless by resort to
force. If it was not settled within that'time, was
there any gentleman in this Ilonse who was not
piepared to stand up and assert our claim to Ore-
gon where this bill would carry it?
He was of the opinion that this law would con-
tinue after the expiration of the notice, and the
termination of the treaty of 1827: and it should
continue. Should our citizens be left there without
the protection of 1jw; Should there be an inter-
regnum in which they should neither enjoy the
protection of ti eaty, or the protection of law, while
otill this act of G.tat Putam continued in force,
protecting- her subjects5
These were hjr«viovvs. There was nothing in
the hill that violates the convention ; there was
nothing but we could find precedent for in the
British legislation on the .subject; and he wits for
going under the treaty of 1827, as far as the Brit-
ish legislation had gone, and for giving that pro-
lection to our citizens m that territory that belongs
to them, that it is our duty to give, and the same
that Great Britain lias gnen to her subjects. And
if we wished to be lespected among the nations of
ihe earth, if we wished the respect, love, and alle-
giance of our own citizens, we must extend our
laws and protection over them, and give them that
protection which they have a right to claim, from
the fact that they are citizens of this free Govern-
ment.
A motion was made that the committee rise, on
which no quorum voted.
The committee rose, and reported that fact to
the House.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, *ipril 16, 1846.
Mr. BREESE presented the memorial of citizens
o? Washington county, District of Columbia, pray-
ing the passage of a law for the preservation of
grooving timber and fruit trees in the said county;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying a modification of the
patent laws; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. C. also presented the petition of persons en-
£ <i£ed in hferary and scientific pursuits, and in the
i.Yipoi tati-m and publication of books, praying the
repeal of the duty imposed on scientific work's im-
ported into the United States, when the same are
not republished, either in whole or in part; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance,
The report of the Committee on Printing in rela-
tion to printing the report of the Commissioner of
Patents, was passed over informally, at the sugges-
tion of Mr. ASHLEY.
The resolution submitted by Mr, JARNAGIN,
in relation to the disbursement of the secret-service
fund, was also passed by informally, at the sug-
gestion of the mover.
The pnoropriation bill was called up, and
Mr. EVANS suggested that it be laid over until
Monday.
Mr. "VVESTCOTT stated he was absent when
this Ull was called up on yesterday morning, and
did not °et to the Scnatf* till a few momenta after
the bill was passed by till to-day, to enable him to
explain the amendment making an appropriation
not exceeding 6,000 in full for all arrearages of
expenses of the Legislature of Florida Territory.
Understanding the bill might come up yesterday,
his absence was occasioned by his being engaged
m procuruig the precise details of the amounts un-
paid, for which this appropriation was wished, so
as to satisfy the Senate of its justice. He would
submit them to the Senate when the bill should be
consideied again; but he preferred it should be laid
over to-day.
Mr. LEWTS suggested that the bill be laid over
informally till to-morrow, if the Senate should then
sit; which was agreed to.
The hill to charge the distribution of duties
onions: the several naval bureaux was next an-
nounced, when
Mr. ARCHER moved that it be passed over,
and that die Senate proceed to the consideration of
the special order, (being tiiejomt resolution, &c.;)
which motion was agreed to.
SPECIAL ORDER.
Mr. CRITTENDEN addressed the Senate. He
was sensible that, notwithstanding the importance
of the subject and the ability with which it was
discussed, the Senate had so far lost its interest in
the debate, that nothing which he could say would
be likely to command much attention. Buthavmg
had the honor of submitting an amendment to the
resolution now before the body, he felt it to be his
duty to speak as briefly as possible, and in a man-
ner as little iiksome to the Senate as in his power.
The immediate question was, that of giving or
withholding the "notice;" and he therefore did
| not feel it necessary to enter into any minute analy-
' ms of the claims of the respective parties in this
controversy. Very little stress was placed by him
i on any title not founded on settlement and occupa-
i tion. And while we claim and maintain this as a
: ground of our title, it is proper that we should re-
; spect the title of any other similarly founded. As
! early as 1807, Mr."Jefferson was anxious that we
1 should continue beyond the Rocky Mountains the
; line of boundary on this side of the mountains. Sub-
! sequently, without any detinue settlement of our
• adverse claims, the convention of 18J8, for the
1 joint occupancy of the tenitorv, was agreed on.
! 'in 1827, this convention was renewed for an mdefi-
| intc period. Attempts have been made, from time
: to time, hut without effect, to obtain a permanent
: settlement of the disputed claims; and Anally, the
| President has thought proper to come to Congress
j with a recommendation that this joint occupancy
: should be terminated in the manner stipulated by
I the treaty.
j He very much regretted that this question had
■ not been allowed to slumber; the territory would
j gradually have been settled by emigrants from the
; United States, thus creating a power on the spot of
; great importance in maintaining possession, and
1 also constituting an important fact which would
I have exorcised influence on any future negotiations.
| By whom had this question been brought forward,
I and made the subject of party action and party
i declamation? It was introduced by the Baltimore
I convention, where a party of gentlemen, met to-
! gether for a party object, first proclaimed our clear
and indisputable title to the whole of Oregon; and
1 it has subsequently entered into all the measures,
ami become the policy of the Executive and the
i party by which he was nominated. Thus the ques-
tion has been forced upon us, and it is necessary
now that we should dispose of it as, ih our judg-
ment, would he most conducive-to, the peace, tHe?
honor, and welfare of the country.
For one, he was prepared, in tins state of things,
to vote for the notice which the President asked
for. It had been objected that the notice would
not facilitate negotiation, and might possibly be re-
garded as an unfriendly proceeding,, diminishing
the chances of a continuance of our friendly rela-
tions with England. He did not regard the mere
giving of the notice as an unfriendly or offensive
measure. It was merely a conventional step, for
which we had precedents, but made to assume a
color of defiance, and might derive a hostile char-
acter, from the circumstances in which it was given.
The termination of the joint occupancy, in itself,
was not a legitimate cause of war; bur it might be
so mismanaged as to produce that unfriendly feel-
ing which would result in war. If, by originating
such feeling, negotiation should be prostrated, he
would not attribute the war to the fact of giving
the notice, but to the excited and angry passions
which had been callcd into operation by the meas-
ures which would succeed or accompany it. Pie
trusted, however, that when a responsible negotia-
tion might be commenced, the final settlement of
the disputed claims would be easy and peaceful.
The only effect of delay would be to increase the
difficulty and danger which now involve the ques-
tion. For thirty years all our attempts had been
mere failures; all that had been said mere verbiage^
towards settling this question. And was not this
likely to continue to be the result of a perpetuation
of that convention ? "Would the other party ever
agree to aline? To negotiate under shelter of that
convention is to negotiate without object, or re-
sponsibility, or effect. Why, then, continue it?
Abrogate it, and the subject would become one of
powerful attraction. Negotiation would then be a
sensible, responsible, and effectual theme. Both
parties would solemnly look at it—would weigh
the fact of the absence of this treaty, and consider
with due caution the possibility of war. The
great piobability was, that when that convention
was abrogate!, both parties would feel their re-
sponsibility, and settle the question." Every day
added- to the difficulty. Every Englishman that
Settled in his log cabin in Oregon increased it. He.
(Mr. C.) thought the practicability of'negotiating
peaceably was increased by giving this' notice.
If given in teims of amity and respect, and without
offence, the matter would become one of necessity,
and be taken up by the people to avoid the dangers
of war. To avoid those dangers, we must often
confront them. It would increase danger to leave
the question to the influence of existing -circum-
stances. It might be well imagined that feelings
of envy and hostility would be excited among the
people in Oregon by the warm appeals which were
made in this Hall. It would not appear strange to
him if, leaving this-question open to popular ex-
citement, they should hear, on their return to Con-
gress, accounts of bloodshed and violence. Tales
of outrage, violence, and wrong would-be propa-
gated in either country, and certainly he followed
by war. To continue the convention was only
putting off danger for a day. It could not Jast;
it was inapplicable to the present state of things",
although wise when maw. English laws were
operating on the citizens of the United States, and
instead of their being calculated to control and
pacify them, it was rather a provocation to out-
break and irritation, and tending to violence in-
stead of peace. It was a source of anger and dis-
turbance, and there could be no government there;
and leaving it so would make it worse.
Impressed with these convictions, he was there-
: fore in favor of the notice, and had confidence in
| the President of the United States, whose business
! it was to look to the interests of the country, and
j take care of its peace. He had told them in his
j Message it was his settled purpose to preserve
! peace between the two countries, and that he still'
| cherished the hope of an amicable adjustment. It
| could not be that the President contemplated war
j in recommending the notice, for, had such been the.
i case, he would not have been so forgetful of the
| interests of the country, or so regardless of its se-
I eurity, as to have withheld the recommendations
I of preparatory measures. Whatever inf&$8jS^ of
' danger might be derived from the language df the
i President, in the midst of all the apprehensions of
! the country, they saw the Administration sitting
