680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
rented more against him personally than tne l'Osl"
♦ions which he had assumed. He should there-
fore fulfil the promise made by him to the senate
a few days ago, by now moving to lay upon the
(able the resolution reported from the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and the accompanying piop-
osition of amendment, with the view of now pro-
ceeding to the consideration oi the resolution sent
to the body from the House of Representatives, en-
titled joint resolution oi notice to Great Britain,
to annul and abrogate the convention,1 and so forth.
This motion he made, not because he preferred the
House resolution to that reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. The very fact of
hdvim? acquicscetl in that resolution, and reported
it, was a declaration of his own preference for it,
as reported, and also of the preference of a ma-
jority of the Committee on Foreign Relations. But
lie should, nevertheless, make the motion to take
up the House resolution first, because upon that
resolution the Senate was obliged to act; anci sec-
ondly, because, although the latter clause of that
resolution was objectionable to him, he was will-
ing to vote for it as it stood, in deference to the
House of Representatives, who had sent it there
by so large and overwhelming a vote; and stdl far-
ther, because the adoption of that resolution as it
stood, by putting an end to the matter, would, in
all probability, be followed by the sanction and
signature of the President; whereas, it amended,
and reported back, or if they passed the resolution
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, the whole
matter would be again sent to the House, and the
question exposed to the danger of delay from a re-
newal of the discussion there, probably resulting
in a conflict between the two FTouses themselves as
to the form of the notice. These, then, were the
reasons which induced him to offer the motion
which he now made.
Mr. PENNYBACKER here rose, and intima-
ted a desire, if in order, to submit a few remarks.
Mr. ALLEN. When the resolution is before
the Senate, further discussion, will, of course, be
in order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland. The effect of
laying the jomt resolution of the Committee on
Foreign Relations on the table will he to lay on the
table with it all "the amendments proposed to that
resolution ?
Mr. ALLEN. Of course.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, asked for the
yeas and r.ays on the question. (Cries of "no,"
*' no.'5) He would withdraw his call.
The motion to L\y on the table was then agreed
to.
Mr. ALLEN thm moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the House resolution.
Which'having been agreed to,
The House rcsolution'was read, as follows:
" Resolved by the Sevatc ami House of Representative* of
the United States of America m Congress assembled, That
the President of the United Suites cause notice to be given
to the Government of Great Britain that the convention be-
tween the United States of Ameiica and Great Britain, con-
cerning the terntory on the northwest coa«tof America, west
of the Stony Mountain?, of the 6th of August. 1827, signed
at London, shall be annulled and abrogated twelve months*
after giving said notice.
'*•2. Jlnd ha it further t ewlrcd, That nothing herein con-
tained j* intended to inteifere with the right and discretion
of the proper authorities of the two contracting parties tore-
new oi pui sue negotiations for an amicable settlement of the
controversy rci-pociing the Oiegon territoiy."
Mr. it. JOHNSON then said he rose to propose
two amendments to the resolution. The first was
as follows:
'•That, by the convention concluded the twentieth day of
October,'eighteen hundred and eighteen, between the Uni-
ted States of Arnenc\i and the King of the United Kingdom
of Gi'd* Thitain and Ireland, mi tic period of ten yeais,
and afterwards nidcfrntt-dv extended and continued in force
by another convention of the same parties, concluded the
KL\th day of Augu.-t, m the year ot our Lord one thousand
eight hundred and twojnj-sK ven, it was agreed that any
coinitiv that iria\ be claimed by either party on tho north-
west const of America, westw.ird of the Stony or Rocky
Mountains, now commonly callcd the Oregon territory,
should, together with its harbor*-, ba\ and creeks, and the
navigation of all rivei?* within the same, he (free and open'
to the vessel:-, citizens, and subjects, of the two Power-,
but without prejudice to any claim which either of the
paities mieht have to any part of «;url country; and with
this fuither provision, in the second aiheie of the said con-
vention of the sixth oi August, eighteen hundred and twen-
U-seveii, thut either part\ mi^ht ablegate and annul said
convention, on giving due notice of twehe month-? to the
other contracting party,—that it has now become desirable
that the respective claims of the United States and Great
Britain should he definitely settled; and that, said territory
may no longer than need be remain subject to the evil con-
sequences of the divided allegiance oi' its Anieiiean and
British population, and of the confusion and conflict of na-
tional jiuisdictionPj dangerous to the cherished peace and
good undemanding of the two countries. And, therefoie,
that steps be taken for the abrogation of the =aid convention
oi the si.xth August, eighteen hundred and twenty-aeven, in
the mode prescribed in its second article, and that the at-
tention of the Governments of both countries may be the
more earnestly aud immediately directed to renewed efforts
for the amicable settlement of all their differences and dis-
putes in respect to said teiritory."
It would be perceived (Mr. J. said) that what he
had read was precisely the preamble submitted by
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,]
on the 14th of January, with the slight alteration
of inserting the word " amicable" before the word
** settlement." And if that preamble was adopted,
his purpose was to move to strike out the whole of
the second resolution adopted by the House, and
substitute for it the following:
" And be it further resolved, That the President of the Uni-
ted States be, and he is hereby, authorized, at his discretion
to give to the Britisii Government the notice required by its
said second article for the abrogation of the said convention
of the 6th August, 1827." j
This, also, was identical with that offered by the j
Senator from Kentucky, only that the whole of the j
proviso is struck out. j
A brief conversation on a point of order,in which i
Messrs. ALLEN, CALHOUN, SEVIEK, and i
MANGUM, took part. |
Mr. ALLEN rose and said he had an amend- \
ment to offer to the amendment submitted by the !
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] the j
terms of which he had extracted from the Presi-
dent's Message, and pointing directly to the neces-
sity of the resolution itself. His amendment was
as follows:
Aftei ''lias" in the 21st line, insert, "become the duty of
Congress to consider what measure? it may be proper to
adopt for the security and protection of American citizens
now inhabiting, or who may hereafter inhabit, Oregon, and
tor the maintenance of our just title to that terntory."
i He ashed for the yeas and nays on that amend-
■ ment.
j Mr. PENNYBACKER then rose for the pur-
> pose of making an explanation of the vote which
: he was about to give. His position, and the sur-
^ rounding excitement from the general impatience
; for the question, rendered it impossible to catch
: the language of his remarks. Their purport was
to show his conviction that if the notice was com-
mitted to the discretion of the President, he would
feel himself enabled to enter into negotiations with
Great Britain, on the principle of a compromise on
the parallel of 49°, and that he had not, in any of
his public communications, placed himself in a po-
sition which disabled him from taking this course.
When the amendment of Mr. Colquitt was mtro-
I duced, he (Mr. P.) was disposed to vote for it, be-
t cause it seemed to be coincident with what he
! thought to be the views of the President, which
! would be strengthened by such an expression of ;
; the opinion of the .Senate. But seven weeks had
j elapsed, and the debates on this floor had produced
i such a favorable effect on the public mind, that he
] was satisfied public opinion had sufficiently ex-
| pressed itself in favor of that compromise, without
■ any specific expression from the Senate. He would
> now, therefore, vote for the resolution as it came
I from the House of Representatives: he might have
j suggested a slight amendment, but he would not
now press it on the Senate.
When the honorable Senator resumed his seat,
i there were loud cries of " question," " question."
' The question then occurring on the amendment
offered by Mr. Allen, the yeas and nays were
' called for, ordered, and resulted as follows:
i YEAS—IVlessrs. Allen, Ashley. Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Brignt, Cameron,Cass, Chalmers, Dick-
inson, l)ix, Fairfield, ildnncgan, Jenness. Niles, Scrapie,
i Sevier, Sturgeon, Turney, and Westeott—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Iierrien, Calhoun, T.
Clujton, J. M. Clayton, Convm, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton,
Evans, Greene, Haywood, Houston, Huntington, Jamogin,
Johnson of Man land. Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis, Mc-
'' UufTie, Mangum*, Miller, Morehead. Pearce, Pennybacker,
Phelps, Rusk, Simmon?, Speight, Upborn, "Webster, and
Woodbridge—3*2.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment offered i
by Mr. John-son-, it was put, and, on a division,
was carried.
Mr. SEVIER called for the yeas and nays, and j
the call hem* seconded, they were ordered, when S
Mr. DICKINSON inquired if the proviso con- :
tained in the amendment as originally proposed by l
the Senator from Kentucky had been stricken out? }
Mr. JOHNSON replied that it had. ;
Mr. BREESE objected to the words in the last
clause of the amendment, " at his discretion," aad
moved as an amendment that they be struck out.
Mr. BERRIEN remarked, that even if .the
amendment of the Senator from. Illinois prevailed,
the purport of the resolution would not be changed.
Mr. BREESE said, he intended, if his amendment
succeeded, to follow it up by another, inserting,
" authorized and directed to give the British Gov-
ernment the notice/' &c.
| Cries of " question."
I The question on the adoption of the amendment
| moved by Mr. Breese was then put and nega-
j tived.
The yeas and nays were then ordered, ojx the
j call of Mr. ALLEN, and resulted as follows;
I YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
: by, Breese, Bright. Cameron, Cass, Dickinson, Dix, Pair
field, Hannegan, Houston, Jenness, Niles, Pennybacker}
Rusk, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon, and Turney—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Benton, Berrien, Cal-
houn, Chalmers, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Cor-
win, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Evans, Greene, Haywood,
Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of
Louisiana, Lewis,~ftIcDnffie, Mangum, Miller, Morehead,
Pearce, Phelps. Simmons, Speight, Upham, Webster, ana
Woodbridge—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question was then taken on the original
amendment, offered by the Senator from Mary-
land; and the yeas and nays being called for and
ordered, it was decided as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Calhoun, Thom-
as Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden, Davis,
Dayton, Evans, Greene, Haywood, Huntington, Jarnagin,
Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis, McDuf
ftp, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Pearce, Phelps, Simmons,
Speight, upham, Webster, Westeott, and Woodbridge—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Bright, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers, Dick-
inson, Dix, Fairfield, Hannegan, Houston, Je.nncss, Niles,
Pennybacker, Rusk, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon, and Turney
—24.
The resolution, as amended, was then reported
to the Senate; and the question being on concur-
ring in its adoption—
Mr. PENNYBACKER rose to offer an amend-
ment; but objection being made to it, as out of
order, (b^ing'a motion to strike out what had just
been inserted,) he withdrew it.
Mr. ALLEN then rose and said:, We now come
to the main point in the controversy, in which we
are required to do a moral act, and one uppn which
the welfare of the country rests; and in doing- this
act, for myself, I shall act with reference to all its
relations, present and remote, that may be involved
in it. At the opening of this session of Congress
the President made the distinct declaration that he
did not anticipate any proposition from Great Bri-
tain, and advised Congress to put an end to the
existing treaty, in order to extend our laws -over
our citizens in the terntory of Oregon. A call was
made upon the President recently .to know what
was the existing state of negotiations upon the sub-
ject; and in answer to that call the President ,has
informed us that no correspondence has taken place
between the two Governments since his communi-
cation to Congress upon that subject. Thus stands
the case. I have submitted an amendment to the
preamble in the exact language of the President's
recommendation to us, declaratory of the duty of
this Government to extend its laws over the cit-
izens who are now in Oregon, or who may go
there hereafter, and with a view of securing our
title to the territory. That proposition has been
voted down; and this much of the President's mes-
sage has thus been disapproved of by the Senate
upon a solemn call for the yeas and nays. And,
notwithstanding that call of the Presidentupon us,
we propose now to pass a resolution addresssing
i advice to him, with regard to the manner in which
1 he is to exercise the treaty-making power; because
| this preamble is addressed to somebody; it is
either addressed to the President of the United
! States or it is addressed to Great Britain: it is a
: thing totally gratuitous; a thing which has no
: effect as a law-making measure; but it is a thing
; which is done with a view of producing a moral
' effect upon some sort of existing authority, either
; the President or the Government of Great Britain.
If addressed to the President, it is in reference to
the manner in which he shall exercise the treaty-
making power; and as such ought to have been
addressed to him by a vote of two-thirds of the
Senate in Executive session, acting in their treaty-
making character. If addressed to Great Britain,
it is a humiliation; it is an attempt to hold intei-
