1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
course with a foreign Government, not through the
appointed organ of intercourse, but through the Le-
gislature . It is an attempt to speak behind the Presi-
dent, round the President, and not through him,
as the constituted organ appointed to speak in be-
half of the nation. "What was this preamble, if not
intended for one of these two objects ? On its face
it professes ta speak to both the Executive of this
Government and Great Britain. And to this ex-
tent it is in utter violation of the rights and duties
of the Government, in ope of its departments in
regard to the other. The President asks you to
pass laws in regard to the territory of Oregon, and
. you answer him by advising him to negotiate,
when he tells you negotiation is at an end. Well,
sir, before this thing can have any effect in binding
the President, it must have a vote of two-thirds of
the Senate acting constitutionally, and as such en-
titled to be heard.
Now, sir, we have heard in this discussion many
remarks made about the interference of the Con-
gress with the treaty-making power; it is said Con-
gress ought not to interfere; that it is a power en-
trusted by the Constitution to two-thirds of the
Senate in conjunction with the President elected by
the mass of the people. The right of Congress or
of the people to mecldle with the matter has been
■ disputed; I do not dispute it; but I call upon the
Senate, when they come to advise the President, to
do so in their Executive character, and by a vote
of two-thirds, and not by a legislative net.
But, sir, the preamble now, adopted is utterly in-
consistent with the object of the resolution itself.
The resolution, as just adopted, leaves it to the dis-
cretion of the President whether he will give the
notice or not; while the preamble tells him to go
on. The preamble specifies the reasons on which
the resolution is predicated, and yet, notwithstand-
ing this, the resolution leaves the whole matter to
the Executive. Sir, this question of discretionary
power was raised elsewhere; it was said that giv-
ing the President a discretionary power to give the
notice was little else than entrusting him with the
war-making- power. What a spectacle dp we now
present? We decline the responsibility of giving
the notice ourselves; we decline the responsibility,
we evade the danger, we say to the President, we
leave the whole matter with you, ultliou«li the
President, in his Message, referred the whole mat-
ter to us. But we do not choose to incur any re-
• sponsibility in the matter. We may have wtir. It
is a ticklish question before the people, and, Mr.
President, we intend to place you in a situation to
bear all the responsibility. We will remain where
we are, and let public denunciation fall on you.
Sir, I will not go into the general discussion of' this
subject; but I will-say that after so overwhelming
. a vote in the House of Representatives, after n
unanimity unparalleled upon any question, com-
prehending a majority of the two political parties
of this country—almost the whole of the one, mid
one-half of the,other—-it seemed to rue that the con-
sideration which was due to that great organ of the
popular will ought to have induced us to adopt the
resolution of the House. How will it be now,
whon you send all this back to the House, with
a-preamble containing half a dozen new principles,
and a resolution changed in its whole chamcter
from that of the House, containing propositions
which have been already voted down by the
House? What will be the consequence? Why,
you will reopen the discussion, make an issue be-
tween the two Houses of Congress, array one
against the other, and present the aspect of a di-
vided Congress. The House has done an act; the ,
Senate has repudiated that act, and yet we say we j
all desire unanimity. Sir, it is an utter want of j
unanimity, by keeping one House arrayed against
the other, and hoth Houses against the President,
as will be the case if this resolution be adopted.
There are Senators who even say they blame the
President for sending the question to Congress;
who say that, in doing so, the President committed
an act of indiscretion; and yet they say we act
only for the public good, and not from any feeling
of hostility to the President. And what do they
do ? Why, they throw the whole subject back to
the President, to be managed in future according
to his discretion, after having condemned hitn for
a want of discretion in his past management. The
President will not decline the discretion; lie will
go behind no bush. I have no doubt the President
will take the responsibility which is sought to be
imposed on him, and meet it like a man. But that
is no excuse for us, if the peace of the country
should be involved, for declining all the responsi-
bility which ought properly to rest upon our shoul-
ders, for the purpose of strengthening the position
of the Government.
For these reasons, and with the hope that this
matter may be put in a better shape, and that the
House may afford us an opportunity of amending
what we have done, I shall take the responsibility
of votifig against the resolution, and I would take
that responsibility if I stood alone. I recollect that
on another occasion, a few years ago, I stood alone
upon a question; and five years afterwards a ma-
jority of the Senate ratified my vote. And upon
this question I would stand alone, and die upon it
alone, rather than pass an act so humiliating to
the country. Sir, it will produce a contest between
the two Houses, a thing that we have all (Jong de-
sired to avoid; because, from the beginning to the
end, everybody has conceded the moral power of
our position consisted in our union of counsel, our
standing shoulder to shoulder; yet, sir, after a vote
in the House of Representatives, a body directly
emanating from the mass of the people 
Mr, II. JOHNSON called the Senator from Ohio
to order, for referring to the action of the House.
Mr. ALLEN. Not in order? I say, sir, after
a vote as large as that—a vote to such an astonish-
ing extent unanimous under the peculiar circum-
stances attending the organization of that House
—after such a vote, I did think the Senate ought,
to some extent, to defer to the moral influence of
that vote. That is what I say. 1 think if the
Senate had passed the House resolutions, and we
had presented the moral spectacle to the world of
a united Congress, sustaining the President, the
choice of the people, that we would have picscnted
a moral force to Great Britain that would have
made that Power fuller before she determined to
bring this controversy to the arbitrament of the
sword. But, as ii is, what will be the substance
of the despatches that will ro to England by tho
next steamer? It will be, "Hold on; hold "your
position; prepare your guns; announce your read-
mess for war; the divisions already manifested m
America will be increased; their fears of war will
bo increased by your threats, mid at last her Ma-
jesty's Government imty ;ret ilie whole of Ore
gon.'* These hopes will induce the British Gov-
ernment to protract the negotiations until after our
ad journment; they will be no more willing to bring
them to a conclusion than before; they will say
there is the whole commercial interest of America
in the East clamoring against a war under any
circumstances; they will say here is a vote of the
Senate in favor of a preamble instructing the Pres-
ident to open negotiations again, and thev will ob-
serve, in a part of the resolution, a declining, on
the part of the Senate, to take the responsibility of
n positive act.
The Senate does not say they want the treaty
ended. No, sir, they want negotiation, bargain,
traffic, to procced; but ihey have not declared""that
the convention shall end. That is the state of the
case. The President told us he had done with ne-
gotiation, and he recommended the law-making
power to take up the subject; and, instead of doing
so, they, divided, faltering, paltering, manacled,
hampered, with a frightful unwillingness to meet
responsibility—saying, oh ! we leave it all to your
discretion. Willi all these things staring them in
the face, do you think Great Britain, whose tri-
dent already holds the world in awe, will crouch,
will get on her knees to us? Do you think you
will encourage Great Britain to give up anything
by showing your unwillingness to claim anything ?
Not at all. I shall, for one, vote, if I stand alone,
against such a proceeding. My vote will stand
hero alone just as long as in company. I shall
vote against the resolutions, trusting that the final
result of the business may produce a resolution
more in accordance with the interests of the coun-
ryt and the dijcuitv of ihc Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN rose in reply, and said he
would not suffer imputations such as those which
the gentleman had made against the action and
character of the Senate to pass altogether without
notice. What, asked Mr. €,, is his commission?
and whence is it derived? and who authorizes him
to assume here the air and tone of pre-eminence
which so strongly marks his language when ad-
dressing the Senate ? " On what meat does this
our CaSar feed," that he. is to rise here and lecture
us for decisions to which we hove deemed it our
duty to come? Where did he come from? Is it
, the little petty office of chairman of the Committee
| on Foreign Relations which warrants him, in his
! own opinion, to put on these airs of authority?
• to assume this predominance? and to lecture us as
I to our official duty as he has now done ? The Sen-
! ate had just adopted a resolution proposed to it by
the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. R. Johnson,]
when the gentleman from Ohio gets up and says in
his place that the Senate has humiliated itself—.
that it has adopted a miserable, feeble, paltering,
contracted, and (as he would have said) abject and
slavish resolution. Let me tell him that ne does
not know this body, nor how to estimate the mate-
! rial of which it is composed. And let me add,
| there is another and a more difficult lesson which
i I fear the Senator has yet to learn, and that is, to
: know himself. When he knows himself a little
j better, he will be in circumstances which will en-
! able him better to appreciate what is due from him
! to the Senate. He may vaunt himself in his as-
| sumed office of exclusive vindicator of the Preai-
| dent of the United States, and defender of the honor
j of the House of Representatives; but that gives
I him no warrant to treat this body with a want of
j consideration. As a member of the Senate, I feel
that its dignity has been assailed, and its character
traduced. My own personal share in the remarks
of the gentleman, and my own personal sense of
injury and offence, are absorbed in the stronger
conviction of the disrespect which has been mani-
fested towards this body. The Senate has adopted
r the substance of a resolution which I had myself
j! the honor to offer, and the gentleman has felt him-
, self authorized to characterize that resolution which
ii had just received the sanction of this body as a
i; poorj paltry, Inhering, timid, tremulous thing. I
ii can tell that Senator that the majority of this Sen-
i| ate and the humble individual who now addresses
ii it are as little moved by the dread of any respon-
j, sibility but that of doing wrong as the chairman of
' i the Committee on Foreign Relations.
|! Does it belong to this body to submit to remarks,
no matter with what force or vehemence of ges-
;; ticulation and loudness of tone they may be deliv-
: ered, which convey injurious imputations on its
official ccnu sc uud public acts? If the force of the
> Kcntlcman's argument was to be measured by the
( extent and vigor of his manipulations, it might be
|! difficult to answer it. I, for one, shall not stand
here to be rebuked, nor to hear this Senate schooled
or called to account by any such authority. The
gentleman undertakes to make himself the advo-
cate and defender of the House of Representatives.
Why, sir, who or what is the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States, that it stands in
need of $itch an advocate? The gentleman's ad-
vocacy of one of the Houses of Congress is equally
on act of supererogation (shall I say of assump-
tion-) with his rebuke of the other. Who here has
l; arraigned the House of Representatives? Who is
!i there among us that does not think of and treat it
with the most profound respect? And what mem-
;; ber of the Senate, who knew how to respect his
! own dignity, did not feel that we were a co-ordinate
I branch of the Government ? And when before did
jl any member of this body rise in his place and tell
us that we are to be controlled in our action here
jj by the action of majorities, or the largeness of
!j majorities, in the other House of Congress? The
ii gentleman tells us of the majority by which a cer-
ij tain resolution has passed another body, and he
Jj brings that here as an argument to govern and to
!j control us in our independent legislative action.
II What would the other House of Congress think
I; of a member there who should tell them that the
ij Senate had passed a certain measure; and that out
. of a decent respect to the Senate, they must pass
! | it too ? Would not that House think as vilely of
j: us, could we be actuated by such a motive, as we,
i: in the like case, should be warranted in thinking
i of them? As the presiding officer of this body,!
;j appeal to you, sir, whether, in speaking in this
h chamber of votes and majorities of a co-ordinate
|i branch, on the subject before us, the member from
j. Ohio has not violated more than the mere rules of
\ order of the Senate? The theory of the Constitu-
j! tion is, that the two branches of the Legislature
I shall act independently of each other; and the rules
jl which forbid a reference to what is done in the
'other branch has its foundation in that principle
| r It is for you to judge whether both the rule and the
j principle have not here been violated. The gen-
ii demon is chairman of the Committee on Foreign
