1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
find, between that enactment and British legislation
upon the same subject. Two acts were passed by
Great Britain—one in 1801, and the other in 1824.
In these acts no limits were assigned; they might
be construed to extend throughout the Russian
Eortion tif the continent, and fromthe confines of
lissoun to the Pacific. They were entirely unde-
fined as to limits. Did we pass our act in that way ?
Far from it. "With the true characteristics of our
countrymen, we went with compass and chain in
hand; we left nothing to implication, nothing doubt-
ful in the minds of our citizens within what limits
they would be protected by our law. The lan-
guage of the law is not general. [Mr. Allen here
read a portion of the act.] These are the words of
the act asserting our claim, for which the Senate
voted, and which the Senate passed. What right
had we to limit our claim there ? Why go to that
particular boundary ? Why choose that particular
degree of latitude, even going so minutely as to
mention the minutes? Yes, sir; we were deter-
mined to claim, every acre, and we even professed
that we would in future grant to our citizens lands
co-exterisive with the limits defined in the bill; and
granting land as an act of sovereignty. It is the
highest act of sovereignty m regard to property.
Thus the Senate does stand committed, as I before
said, to the whole extent of our title, in so many
■words, by degrees and minutes of degrees.
The British left their limits undefined. They
could, under that law, elaifh all, or more, from the
Columbia river up to the Russian boundary, or up
to the Frozen ocean, and come down to the con-
fines of the Missouri. There was nothing in the
act to limit them. They were bounded only by
the absence of political jurisdiction. Not so with
us; we have done very differently; we have, by
metes and bounds, acting on the true American
principle, marked out our boundary with accu-
racy, and set down our northern limit at 54° 40'.
Mr. CRITTENDEN rose to offer some obser-
vations in reply, when the presiding officer re-
marked, that this personal discussion had gone
far enough, and he begged the gentlemen would
desist from pursuing it "further. It was, ho said,
with great reluctancc that lie felt himself obliged
to interfere.
Mr. CRITTENDEN remarked, that it would
have been well if the objection from the Chair had
been made at an earlier period.
Mr. ALLEN hoped the Senator would bo ul-
lewed to p oceed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly, I claim the |
same right the Senator from Ohio has enjoyed. I j
trust there is at least one member of this' body for \
whom I have a right to speak, and he happens to
be one who is assailed by the Senator from Ohio. !
Sir, I am content to learn from any body, I would |
even learn from a blackguard how to improve my j
manners, or from him who has the slightest, dim- j
siest claim to be called a gentleman. j
If I haveapted a part, it is a part I intended, and j
I doubt whether the language I employed was eon- j
sidered farcical by any otjier than the Senator from j
Ohio. I presume to be among the humblest of my ;
friends; but, whatever may be the deficiency of my i
capacity, I hold in detestation, I feel an irresistible j
inclination to put down arrogance and impudence, i
from whatever quarter it may come. I have no
doubt it is a fault, but it is a fUult which the re-
bukes and animadversions of my best friends have
not entirely cured me of; much less tun I to he
schooled out of it by such a teacher as the Senator
from Ohio. _ | (
Sir, I ventured to ask by what commission the ij
Senator from Ohio presumed to read lectures to jj
Senators here—by what commission he undertook ,j
to assume an oracular position, and arraign the jj
Senate on a charge of paltering in .a double sense— j I
of hiding behind the bush—of committing acts of j j
humiliation. ~ ||
I asked by what warrant any Senator dared to |i
address the Senate in that manner ? By what priv-
ilege? By what prerogative? And I am answer-
ed, it is by commission from the State of Ohio;
and that that State is one of the most respectable
in the Union. Sir, the gentleman can say nothing
of that State that will not meet my hearty concur-
rence. That great State of the West! Her chil-
dren are scarcely more proud of her than I, one of
her nearest neighbors. But the gentleman will
excuse me for being a little incredulous as to the
extent of that commission. The commission of
which he speaks is to perform the part of a gentle-
man, The State of Ohio never gave a commission
to any one to violate the lules of decorum; to stand
up with assumed superciliousness, and to give or-
ders and to dictate to Senators what course they
ought to pursue. The commission of the gentle-
man comes from another source. I wish I were
at liberty, consistently with the rules of order, to
say from what source it comes—to speak out my
whole mind on the subject.
Among the least, I think, of the gentleman's er-
rors—I had like to have said presumptions—it
seems his belief that I have made him a particular
object of attention, and that I have been extremely
anxious, on all occasions, to reply to liim. Well,
sir, there may be some object of ambition to be at-
tained by having a formidable name or a great
man for an antagonist—to attack an Achilles or a
Hector—where victory might make a man's for-
tune, and defeat detract nothing from his fume.
But has the gentleman dreamed that it was this
sort of fame that I sought—that it was the light
reflected from his name in which I sought to warm
and illuminate myself? If he believed this, he is
entirely mistaken—altogether wrong. Never did
I expect, humble as my name may be, to borrow
any lustre from him; and 1 believe I can appeal lo
you, Mr. President, to bear me witness, when I
say that, as often as the illustrious hero has pre-
sented himself in the field, I have never sought to
gain renown by touching his shield. I am not
altogether unambitious; very likely I have am-
bition, but, through my ignorance, I never knew
it could be attained in this way.
I enn promise the gentleman another thing, and
I hope it may be tile means of pence between us—
that I shall not seek him out; but if he ever attacks
my dignity, or gives offence, as I thought he in-
tended, disagreeable as it might be, I would never
allow the lime to pass—if I were bedridden, I
would get out of my bed to make a last attack.
Mr. ALLEN, Has the Se nator understood me
ns having made, an attack upon him with a view to
do him an injurv ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I said the remarks were
of a character offensive lo nil who had voted; what
his intention was it is for him to explain. The act
spoke for itself, ,
Mr, ALLEN. To what remarks does the gen-
tleman allude?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have repeated them
several times.
Mr. ALLEN. Was there any remark person-
ally offensive to you or to any one.?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes.
Mr. ALLEN. Not a single remark which I
made could be construed as being personally offen-
sive to any one—no reference to the individual
course of any member of the body, and therefore
the assumption of the Senator is not justified by
the facts of the ons \
Mr, CRITTENDEN. I am very glad that the
gentleman explains away all the offensive charac-
ter of bis remarks. But did he not speak of dodg-
ing behind a bush—of shunning responsibility—>>f
doing an act of humiliation ? If he did not mean
what he said, 1 can only give him the advice onee
given to a certain member of Parliament—not to
speak hereafter till be have some meaning!
The question was then called on engrossing the
resolution and ordering it to a thiid reading.
It was put, and decided in the affirmative.
The yeas and nays were then called for and or-
dered.
Mr, CHALMERS asked the effect of the vote.
Mr. SEVIER replied, that it would be tanta-
mount to a final vote.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and resulted
as follows:
YEAS—Mtmrn. Archer, Ashtev, Athertnn, Basbv. Bar-
row, Benton, Horricn, Calhoun, Cameron, Chalmers," J. M.
Clayton, Cm-win. Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Dix, Greene
Ilaywood, Hoa-tnn, Utmiinaion, Jarnasdn, Johnson of Ma-
ryland, Johnson of r.nuisiatia, Lewis, McDulfie, Mau"um,
Miller. Morehend, Nifes, Pearcc, Penm-backer, Phelps,
Rusk, Sevier, Simmons, Speight, Tttmey, tlpham, Webster,
and Woodbridee-40. '
NAYS—Mc<wrs. Allen, Ateliison, Breese, Briaht, Cass,
Tlioinaa Cla> ten, Dickinson, Evans, Fairfield, Hanilegan,
Jenricss, Sentple, Fturjieou, and Western—14.
So the resolution was ordered to be engrossed,
and read a third time.
The joint resolution was then read a third time,
and passed without a division.
A motion was (hen made to adjourn till Monday.
Agreed to,
And then the Senate adjourned.
j HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
| Thursday ,J]rril 16, 1846.
; The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
: proved.
; Mr. G. S. HOUSTON hoped the committees
j would be called for reports.
I Mr. COCKE, from the Committee on Engra-
I ving, offered the following resolution; which was
! read, considered, and adopted—viz:
! Resolved, That the Clerk of this House cause the
1 small map belonging to the case communicated by
the President of "the United States relative to the
. Cherokee Indians, to be printed.
| Mr. W. HUNT asked leave to introduce a reso-
lution.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON insisted on the regular
order of business.
I The SPEAKER proceeded to call'for reports of
' committees.
Mr. GILES, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported sundry amendments to the bill authorizing
I the erection of certain lighthouses, and for other
purposes; ordered that said amendments be com-
| mitted.
j Oil motion of Mr. McCLELLAND,
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be
| discharged from the consideration of the resolution
! of the Legislature of Pennsylvania, on the subject
; of a naval depSt at Erie, and that it be committed;
: and also from the consideration of the memorial of
the Legislature of the Territory of Wisconsin, on
| the subject of a collection district and port of entry
1 at Milvvaukie, in said Territory,and that it be laid
; upon the table.
Mr. McC. also, from the Committee on Com-
meree, made adverse reports upon the petitions for
a new collection district at Cedar Keys, and to
abolish the oili'-i- of Inspector of Customs atUtica,
in the State of New York; which reports were laid
upon the table.
Mr. MeC. also, from the same committee, re-
ported bills of the following titles, viz:
t A bill to re-establish the collection district of
Brunswick, in the State of Georgia;
I A bill extending the pi mioses granted by the
seventh .section of the act of the 3d of March, 1845,
lo the town of Whitehall;
Which bills were read twice, and committed.
On motion of Mr. GRINNELL,
Ordered, That the same committee be discharged
from the consideration of the memorial of the City
Council of Vicksburg, in the State of Mississippi,
for an appropriation for the hospital at that place,
and that it be laid upon the table.
, Mr. LAWRENCE, from the same committee,
! made an adverse report upon the petition of Thomas
| Harris Hodges, administrator of John H.Hodges;
: which report was laid upon the table,
j Mr. LAWRENCE, from the same committee,
, reported hills of the following titles, viz:
; A bill for the relief of J. Curwen, surviving part-
ner of Willing & Curwen;
A bill for the relief of the owners of the Spanish
brig Kestaurador;
A bill for the relief of the owners of the ship
Herald, of Baltimore;
A bill for the relief of the owners and crew of the
schooner Madison;
A bill for the relief of William B. Lang;
Accompanied by a report in each case, except in
the last mentioned bill.
Which bills were read twice, and committed.
JURISDICTION OVER OREGON.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Hamlin, of Maine,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill to protect the rights of American settlers in
the territory of Oregon until the termination of the
joint occupation of the same,
Mr. J, R. INGERSOLL spoke generally to the
merits of the bill, and in explanation of the objec-
tions which he entertained against it. The first of
these objections was, that it was indefinite in its
character; and not only indefinite, but equivocal
and deceptive, without any such intention on the
part of the committee, and, of course, of the hon-
orable gentleman [Mr. James ThompsonI who
made the report. There were various opinions as
to what the rights of the United States, west of
1 ,n Fn?C!Cy .Mountai"s. were. If the bill meant
54° 40', letu say so.
