1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
685
settlement of this question, she never could-settle
upon the parallel of 49°, He did riot say that a
new Congress would be instructed formally, spe-
cially , particularly, but he believed the public mind
was onward on' this question; tbat, as our title is
better understood, the people would not be dis-
posed to give up as much as they now were. Time
would do what tinje has done heretofore, and our
title would grow stronger and stronger in the esti-
mation of oar people. England had a right to be-
inn6' , 'aI°0<1 tenders a compromise at
49", that the President will accept of it. Mr, J.
did not know whether he would or not. He could
only judge of him by-his public acts; but he could
only say, when a compromise is offered from one
private individual to another and rejected, that in-
dividual has a right to expect if he turns round
and makes the same offer it will be received by the
first party. We had made 49° our ultimatum by
the withdrawal of our proposition on that line
after it was rejected; and if England did not be-
lieve that we will never settle on better terms for
her than 49°,-neither would she "be persuaded,
though one rose from the dead."
Mr. POLLOCK objected to the bill with its
present provisions, as going beyond its avowed
object in its title, viz: a temporary measure for the
protection of the rights of our settle™ during the
continuance of the joint occupation. It not only
contemplated this, but, at the expiration of this pe-
riod, it assumed a permanent character. Me was
originally an Oregon man,but he considered that
the passage of this bill without alteration, would
be m direct violation of the convention of 1827.
He was disposed to go as fur as Great Britain had
gone, by her law of 1821, for the protection of her
citizens, which, if not by express provision, by a
fair construction, excepted from its operation Amer-
ican citizens. If the amendment of Mr. Vinton
were adopted, the serious objections to the bill will
be removed; the recommendations of the President
would be carried out; protection would be afforded
to American citizens; and the faith of the Unned
States would be preserved. In this form it would
receive his vote.
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Alabama, obtained the
floor,
And, on motion, the csmmittee rose,
And the House adjourned.
; HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jlpril 17,1846,
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. .
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON rose to inquire whether
the joint resolution from the Senate on the sub-
ject of "the notice" liad been received from the
Senate.
The SPEAKER. Not to the knowledge of the
Chair.
Mr. COBB. How could it have been received?
The question on the motion of Mr. C. J. Inger-
soll having been taken, and decided in the affirm-
ative—
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hamlin,
of Maine, in the chair.)
THE NOTICE.
The Chairman had just taken his seat, when
The SPEAKER resumed the chair informally
to~receive
A message from the Senate, by the hands of A.
Dickins, Esq., Secretary, informing the House that
the Senate had passed the joint resolution of notice
to Great Britain to annul and abrogate the. conven-
tion between the United States and Great Britain,
of the 6th day of August, 1827, relative to the
country on the northwest coast of America, west-
ward of the Stony Mountains, commonly called
Oregon, with an amendment, in which the concur-
rence of the House was asked.
JURISDICTION OVER OREGON TERRITORY.
The Chairman again resumed his seat in com-
mittee, and the committee resumed the considera-
tion of the bill to protect the rights of American
settlers in the territory of Oregon, until the termi-
* nation of the joint occupancy of the same.
Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN addressed the com-
mittee during his hour. He explained and vindi-
cated the position which he occupied in so small a
minority—a minority of three of the Democratic
party—at the last session in opposition to the bill
organizing a territorial government over Oregon,
assigning as the principal reason therefor his be-
lief, from the hasty examination he was then able
to give it, (which had been strengthened on more
mature reflection, and which was now claimed by
the friends of the bill,) that it committed those who
supported it to the line of 54° 40'; and (Vom his
belief also that it was in violation of the conven-
tion of 1827, as was declared in substance by the
President in his Annual Message at the commence-
ment of this session. He alluded to the events
which have taken place since the lost session of
Congress, to the advancing opinion on the part of
the people generally throughout the country of the
extent, and of the necessity of the protection of
our rights in Oregon, and said he was willing to
carry out the recommendations of the President.
He read several extracts upon this subject from the
Message, and in conformity thereto, said he had
voted for the noiicc; and was now willing to vote
for the bill, if made in like manner to conform
thereto as well as to its own title, which purported
that it provided for the protection of the rights of
American citizens in this territory during the con-
tinuance of the joint occupation of the same. He
earnestly opposed the passing any permanent
measure at the present time, as a violation of the
subsisting treaty, and also as committing all who
voted for it to 54° 40'. He was willing, in com-
pliance -with the views of the President, to extend
such protection to our settlers in Oregon as could
be done under the treaty; bin opposed further or
more stringent measures, as calculated io produce
irritation on the part of Great Britain, and to
throw additional embarrassment around the sub-
ject. In case the bill remained in its present form,
as a permunent measure, he should be compelled
to take the responsibility of voting against it, even
though lie should stand alone; but he warmly ap-
pealed to his friends who took the other view, to
defer such action until the next session, and thus
avoid a separation at present, and still to present
an unbroken front upon this embarrassing ques-
tion of our foreign relations. He objected also to
many details of the bill—especially to the promise
of grants of land to settlers (which he considered
tantamount to grants themselves, and an infraction
of the treaty stipulations.)
In the course of his remarks (of which a report
will appear in the Appendix) he yielded for expla-
nation to Mr. G. S. HOUSTON.
Mr. DOUGLASS had no desire again to enter
into the discussion of the Oregon question. He
did not propose at this time to discuss the validity
or the extent of our title to the northwest coast,
ihe question of notice, or our rights under the treaty
of joint occupancy, auy further than it became ne-
cessary to see how far the provisions of this bill
were consistent with the treaty of joint occupancy.
His object in trespassing upon the committee and ji
the House at this time was to explain the provis- !j
iona of this bill, comparing them with the British ji
regulations on tho same subject, and answering ij
such objections as had been urged, that this bill i
was in conflict with the treaty of'joint occupancy, j.
He was unwilling to do any act during the con- !i
tinuance of the treaty which could, by any process I!
of reasoning, be construed to violate any one of its
provisions or its principles. As much as he desir-
ed to see this country maintain its rights to Oregon,
and the whole of Oregon, and as unwilling as he
was to give any vote for any measure which might
surrender, or propose to surrender, or contemplate
the probability of a future surrender of any portion
of that country, he did, nevertheless, regard that it
was incumbent upon this country to preserve its
honor and its faith, as well as its territorial rights.
Tor that reason he should vote for no bill which
he believed violated any provision or principle of
the treaty of joint occupation.
Various gentlemen, in the discussion of this
question, had objected to this bill, because it did
not prescribe specific boundaries to our territory
west of the Rocky Mountains; and, as far as he
could gather, tin.->e objections came from the op-
posite sides ofiiie House—from the two extremes:
those, who went for the whole of Oregon, and from
those who are ready to compromise on the best
terms we can get. Some of those who ware called
" 54° 40' men," were unwilling to go for the bill
unless the boundaries are prescribed in it, because
it will be conceded a relinquishment of some of
our claim. Others object, and his friend from Al-
abama, [Mr. Chapman,] without boundaries, as-
serted our claim to 54° 40', and pledged every mail
who voted for it to this line.
If this bill should pass, he (Mr. D.) should- be
very glad to put the construction upon it which
was argued by these gentlemen; and he would be
very glad to get this Government committed, and
by a committal, too, so firm, that they can beheld
to it, to the stand of 54° 40'. But candor .required
him to say that he did not regard this bill.as com-
mitting the Government to 54° 40', or. any other
line. There had been other acts on the part of
this House, and the Senate, and the Executive
Department, which, in his estimation, have com-
mitted the Government to 54° 40'; and if these
committals were not strong enough, were not firm
enough, and sacred enough, to hold our Govern-
ment to that point, certainly there was nothing in
this bill that could do so. He confessed, when
this bill was originally brought forward into this
House by himself, it did specify 54° 40' as the
northern boundary; that he felt unwilling to see it
stricken out; that he felt it his duty to bring in the
amendment which he had offered, to show his own
dissent, as well as that of his colleague upon the
committee, the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Price.] He objected to striking out 54° 40', not
because he considered it of any practical utility in
the bill, but because he was apprehensive that its
omission would be considered as a surrender, or a
disposal to yield somewhat in legard to this ques-
tion. He would rather have had a line in it which
should commit tho Government.
But he found many members of this House who
weic unwilling to vote for any particular line, and
yet were willing to extend protection to our citi-
zens in Oregon so far as is consistent with the stip-
ulations of the treaty between the United State#
and Great Britain.
Now, what was the language of this bill ? )t pro-
vided that the jurisdiction of the United States shall
he, and hereby is, extended over all that portion of
the United Stales which lies west of the Rocky
Mountains. But the question was asked, What
portion of country is that ? He understood it to be
all that portion west of the Rocky Mountains be-
tween 42° and 54° 40' at least; others understood
it west of the Rocky Mountains and between. 42°
and 49°; others between 42° and .52°; and others
somewhere beginning at 42°, and running north of
that, they knew not how far. And because of this
contrariety of opinion, and inasmuch as it was ne-
cessary to bring a majority of this House to the
support of some measure for the protection of our
citizens there, and inasmuch as all our settlers were
upon that portion of the country to which our title
is indisputable, it was thought best to leave the
question of title open, fixing no boundary: and
how could it be said, then, that when the bill pre-
scribed no boundary at all, it committed the Gov-
ernment to any particular line ? As he had before
remarked, he wished it did; but he was compelled
in all candor and frankness to say that, in his es-
timation, it did not. And they were reduced to
the necessity—those who went for the whole of the
territory—to take the bill in the shape which pre-
scribed no boundary at all, or lose the bill, he was
afraid; and he preferred it in that shape rather than
to lose it altogether.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL interposed, and was
understood to ask of the gentleman to make the
effort to get the specific lme of 54° 40' inserted
in the bill.
Mr. DOUGLASS was not prepared to promise
his friend from Pennsylvania at this time that he
would make the effort to get the line of 54° 40' in-
troduced. He was not yet determined whether
he would or not; and if he did not, he presumed
that the gentleman understood very well the reason
why he would not; and the gentleman's anxiety to
.get it rather cooled his ardor for having it put m;
far he apprehended that his friend, if he went for
"the whole or none, "would probably go for none
and would rather have the bill defeated in toto, and
no bill at all passed; and if he thought the inser-
tion of 54° 40' would defeat all out- legislation
abandon the whole country, forfeit all our rights'
and throw our citizens there to the mercy of the
British or the Indians, he would deem it wise and
prudent to put in that boundary for this purpose.
