688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 13V
Having a point upon which to rest our territorial
government, its process can thence extend into the
Indian country around it to persons found therein,
and subject to our jurisdiction. Now, by the act
of 1834, a criminal might be arrested in the terri-
tory ol Oregon, brought over to our courts in Mis-
souri or Iowa for trial, as they are frequently
arrested, and brought to trial from the Indian coun-
try east of the mountains.
From the various instances of erecting a territo-
rial government in the manner proposed, he would
detain the committee by a reference to but one—
that of Wisconsin.
The United Slates held free from Indian title the
small tract of land at Green Bay. Upon this they
located their territorial officers; here the laws were
administered: and hence a process issued into the
remainder of the territory occupied by Indians.
The only difference between Wisconsin and Ore-
gon, if any difference exists to vary our practice on
this point, must arise from the joint-occupancy con-
vention between England and the United States.
To my mind this offers no obstacle.
Our settlements in Oregon are entirely within the
limits within which we have actual, legal posses-
sion—our possession recognised by the Govern-
ment of Great Britain before the joint convention
was formed which is now said to impose upon us
limitations.
Pending the negotiation of 1827, Mr. Gallatin
informs us the Ameiican Plenipotentiary declined
to agree to any convention containing an express
provision against the exercise of any exclusive
sovereignty over the territory. He says, in his
letter dated January 22, 1846, referring to the ne-
gotiations of 3827, m relation to the territory west
of the Stony Mountains, " The probability that it
mipht become necessary for the United States to
establish a territorial, or some sort of a government,
over their own citizens, was explicitly avowed."
Great Britain, through her mercantile corporation,
the Hudson Bay Company, extends her laws over
Oregon. We have none other than political cor-
porations, through which to effect the same object
on the part of the United States. The proposition
lie submitted was through a governor and judges,
as the head of a territorial incorporation, to trans-
mit the laws of the United States to her citizens
residing beyond the practical extension of her or-
ganized jurisdiction.
This, lie contended, we had a right to do under
the existing convention with Great Britain; this
was our duty to our own citizens, to the Indian
inhabitants of that territory, and, as he believed,
essential to the preservation of order, and the main-
tenance of our treaty obligations. This policy
was unconnected with the termination of the con-
vention of the joint occupancy with Great Britain,
and should have been adopted long ago. It was
necessary to limit the British act of 1821, which
has found an excuse, in the absence of all other j
law, or 44 civil government," for an extension in-
vasive of our rights, and injurious to our people.
With this brief explanation, and relying on the
familiarity of the committee with the subject-mat-
ter it contained, he submitted his substitute to their
consideiation.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON rose and said, that
he had been instructed by the Committee on In-
dian Affairs to offer, as a substitute for that part of
the bill relating to the Indians, a bill which he had
recently reported from that committee.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON said that the Com-
mittee on Territories would assent to that amend-
ment.
Mr. OWEN then spoke on the subject; and his
remarks will be given hereafter in the Appendix.
Mr. 0. said the bill left the extent of our claim
independent, as it should do.
He did not believe that there were ten men in the
House who denied that we had any right in the
territory. All agreed that we had some rights.
Was it not, then, our duty to extend the laws of
the United States over our citizens? He could not
concur with the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio [Air. Vinton] to terminate our jurisdiction,
under this bill, with the expiration of the joint oc-
cupation. That gentleman had said that the meas-
ure would be construed to be offensive to Great
Britain. As far as national honor was concerned,
it was a substantial and business matter, not a
mere abstraction. No nation could be bullied, or
insulted, or deprived of its just rights, without suf-
fering in the eyes of other nations. We should
do nothing that would place this or any other na-
tion in such an attitude. Eminent lawyers here
had differed as to the construction of this bill, and
as to the construction of British statutes. Some
had said that the British statutes of 1821 claimed
a territorial jurisdiction. Certainly this bill did
not propose to do half so much as Great Britain
had done. The only restriction in the British
statute related to trade. British subjects were re-
stricted from an exclusive right to trade where cit-
izens of the United States have a right to trade.
We, in this bill, reserved all the rights of British
subjects.
We had not gone half as far as the British Gov-
ernment had done. Suppose it should be said in
Parliament that Great Britain ha'd been bullied by
the American Government, would not Sir Robert
Peel be compelled to reply, that the American Gov-
ernment had not gone half as far as the British
Government had done? It would, therefore, be no
cause of complaint to Great Britain. We should
take care not to do anything that would appear to,
| be an abandonment of our rights.
He could see no reason for limiting the bill to the
! existence of the convention. The British subjects
would not thus be cut off from all protection. The
British jurisdiction would remain, while our people
would not have laws to protect them. It would be
considered, it had been argued, by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Seddon,] that this bill as-
sumed to extend our jurisdiction over the whole
of Oregon at the end of the convention. But we
had no people north of the Columbia. Our settlers
were in the valley of Willamette. But the ques-
tion must come to an issue.
Mr. SEDDON here proposed a question not
heard by the reporter.
Mr. OWEN continued. It might be the right
and duty of our country to exclude all British juris-
diction m their vicinity. The question of jurisdic-
tion must arise, and it might as well arise in this
as in any other manner.
The practical effect of the amendment would be
to intimate to Great Britain that we did not intend
to defend our jurisdiction over our settlers. The
moral effect of thia-would be bad.
Mr. 0. objected to several of the amendments
that had been proposed, exempting British subjects
within our limits from the operation of our laws.
Mr. BELL here suggested some amendments.
Mr. OWEN thought there ought to be some
additional assurance that the people who settled
in Oregon should have grants of land on the west
side of the mountains. These lands were ours,
though subject to an incumbrance, which would
cease with the expiration of the convention.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON had risen, he said,
merely for the purpose of suggesting the propriety
of yielding a little for the purpose of unanimity in
regard to this bill. No one could imagine how
much anxiety he had felt in relation to it; and he
| would say that he would have been loth to propose
| the bill, had he known how much he would have
' to endure.
; He would detain the committee only for a few
! moments, while he made some suggestions in re-
i gard to the amendments that had been offered. The
i amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vin-
! ton] would be a complete inversion, or reversion
i of the principle and objects of the bill. The gen-
, tleman had called this'an imbccile bill. But if he
i were to indulge in any such reflections, he would
■ show that the gentleman's proposition was of the
: most imbecile character.
' The amendment would prevent the exercise of
j our jurisdiction in the territory after the termina-
; tion of the joint occupancy. Though we put an
I end to the convention, and assert our title to the
terrritory, yet by this amendment, if adopted, we
| would say that, after the termination of the con-
! vention, we would have no rights in the territory,
1 and that we must clear out, bag and baggage—
giving no protection to our citizens—exercising no
jurisdiction.
i We were so much in fear of Great Britain that
we could not exert the same authority in the terri-
; tory that she had done. Some gentlemen here had
| said that no nation had any title in the territory.
! But Great Britain had asserted and exercised rights
of jurisdiction in it, to a greater extent than we
|| proposed, as he would show. He read some por-
j! tions of the British statute of 1821.
| j Some objection had been made to the promise of
l| lands. He would show a hundred cases in which
this protective legislation had taken place. H«
referred to the example of Virginia, New York,^
and Pennsylvania, in 1779, when lands weregrant-
ed prospectively, and upon some contingencies, to
the revolutionary officers from those States. He
went on to argue that such promises were per-
fectly proper.
The hour of two having arrived, the committee,
in pursuance of the order of the House of Wed-
nesday, proceeded to vote on amendments pend-
ing, or to be offered.
The first section of the bill is in the following
words:
" Be it enacted by the Senate and House ofRepr
' resentatives of the United States of America, in
' Congress assembled, That the jurisdiction of the
' supreme court of the Territory of Iowa, and the^
'laws of said Territory, so far as the same may be
' applicable, are hereby extended over all that por-
4 tion of the territory of the United States which
4 lies west of the Rocky Mountains; and, also, over
' all that portion of the intermediate country west of
' the Missouri river, and between the fortieth and
4 forty-third parallels of north latitude; Provided,
4 that this act shall not be coristrued nor executed
' in such manner as to deprive the subjects of Great
' Britain of any of the rights and privileges secured
4 by the third article of the treaty signed at Lon-
'don, October twentieth, eighteen liundred and
4 eighteen, and continued in force by the treaty of
4 August sixth, eighteen hundred and twenty-
4 seven, (until said treaty stipulation shall cease by
4 virtue of the notice provided for in the second
' article of said last-mentioned treaty.)"
The first amendment was that of Mr. G. S.
HOUSTON, to strike out therefrom the following
words:
44 Until said treaty stipulation shall cease by vir-
' tue of the notice provided for in the second article
' of said last-mentioned treaty."
Some conversation took place on points of order
between Messrs. G. DAVIS, BOYD, DANIEL,
TIBBATTS, and G. S. HOUSTON.
Mr. BOYD moved to amend the section so as
tostrike out from the 12th line the words " by the
third article of." Agreed to.
Some further conversation followed between Mr.
McCLELLAND and the Chair.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Boyd; and it was rejected.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Houston; and it was agreed to.
Mr. PAYNE offered the following amendment:
44 Strike out, in the 11th line of the first section,
* all after the words4 as to,'andinsert the following:
4 4 operate upon British subjects, or to deprivfe&reat
1 Britain of any of the rights and privileges now ex-
'isting, and acquired by the treaty signed at Lon-
4 don October the twentieth, eighteen hundred and
4 eighteen, and continued in force by the treaty of
'August sixth, eighteen hundred and twenty -
4 seven.'"
Mr. THOMAS SMITH moved to amend thp
amendment by inserting a provision that the Pres-
ident forthwith give twelve months'^notice to the
Government of Great Britain of the termination of
the convention of 1827.
The amendment wa£- declared to be out of order.
The amendment of Mr. Payne was then rejected.
The question now recurred on the amendment
heretofore offered by Mr. Vinton, and which he
now modified to read as follows:
44 Provided, That nothing in this act shall be so
' construed or executed as to deprive the sub-
I 'jectsof Great Britain of any of the rights and
| 'privileges secured to them by the convention
! 4 signed at London, between the united States and
| ' Great Britain, on the sixth day of August, in the
j ' year 3827; nor so as to violate said convention in
! 'any other manner whatever; and this act shall
; 4 remain in force till sdid convention shall be an-
{ 4 nulled and abrogated, and no longer; but if, in
j 4 the mean time, the boundary between the United
; ' States and Great Britain shall be settled by treaty,
i ' this act slmll continue in force over such portion
i 4 of said territory as shall then belong to the United
j ' States, till the same shall be altered and repealed."
| Mr. PAYNE moved to amend the amendment
i as follows:
; 44 Strike out the words 4 deprive the subjects of
: 4 Great Britain of any rights and privileges secured
i 'by tiie 3d article of the treaty of October 20,1818,
; 4 and continued in force by the treaty of August
