1846.
Jke P?wcr& and authority vested in the present districteourts
«f said Territory of Iowa. An additional justice of the su-
preme court or the Territory of Iowa shall be appointed,
\vho shall hold his office by the same tenure, receive the
same compensation, and possess the same powers and au-
thority as are conferred bylaw upon the other justices of
said court, and who shall hold the district courts in said dis-
trict, as aforesaid.
Sec-. 3. jtoa be U further enacted, That the President be
neieby authorized to appoint the requjsitti number of jus-
tices ot the peace, and such ministerial officer* as sba'l be
necessary for the due execution of the laws: Provided. That
any sribject of Great Britain who shall be arrested under the
proyigfons °fthjs act,1 for crime alleged to have been corn-
Butted within pe territory of the United States west ol the
KocKy Mountains, while the same remain* free and open to
the vessels,.citizens, and subjects of the United States ami
or ureat Britain, pursuant to stipulations between the two
rowers, shall be delivered up for trial, on proof of hi*, being
such British subject, to the nearest and most convenient
authorities having cognizance of such offouce by the lawa
of Great Britain. •
Sec. 4. Jiiui be & further enacted, That provision shall
nereatter be made by law to secure and grant to every white
person, male or female, over the age of eighteen year*, fhre >
nundted and twenty acres of land; and to every white.per-
son, male: or female, under the age of eighteen years, one
hundred and sixty acres oi'lantl, who shall have resided in
the said territory described in the first section of this act for
five consecutive years, to commence within three years from
the passage of thin act, provided the said laud be located in
said territory.
Sec. 5. JlnJ. be it further cnacled, That there shall be ap-
pointed, in the manner provided by law for similar officers
a superintendent of Indian affairs, and aueh fndian agents
and sub-agents as shall be necessary to the public interests,
to whom may be intrusted,under the direction of the I'rcr-
ident, aud in accordance with the existing laws,  o f.ir as
they may be consistent with the purport of this act, the reg-
ulation ol trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and
the execution of the laws herein extended over the country
described in the first section of this act.
Sec. 6. Jind be it further enacted, That the President be,
and he is hereby, authorized to cause to be erected such
block-house*, stockades, or military pout*, as ahull he neevs-
sary to protect Hniginuta, settler.-!, and traders on the route
to and in the ten story of Oregon, against Indian depredation*
and agressions, and to tin m>b such ammunition and hup-
phe* as shall be necessary to theirdottmce.
Sec. 7, Jind be it further ciuutad, That a po*t-route be es-
tablished fioui Fort'Leavenwoith, via trrnml Island, on the
Platte river, Fort Laramie, the South Pus* ol'the Rocky
the congressional globe.
691
Sec. 8. Jiruibcit further eiutcted, That it *]iii!I be thtMlwvof
the Postmaster Genernl to cutis.' this United Ntnmn mnili to
bo transported on the said route, from i*'oi I I.<'uvenwor[ii (o
Abioua aiid hark, at loa^l oncat a moiitii, by Htu'lt means of
conveyance as lie may deem niostadvania^eoitH to the public
service, and on the best terms tlmt can bo obtained by con-
tract, m ttio mode now provided by law for the transporta-
tion of the United States mad: PraMiut, That if, in tlie
opinion of tho Piesidont of the United states, itbe exiietiient
to cause the mail on the route aforesaid to lie enrried by tIt;
taehments of mounted men in tho service of lite United
States, he may order the said mail to be carried In that wnv,
instead of having it transported by contrite!, us above pro.
vidod.
See. 9. Jlyvt'be it further ewdeH, Tluit the *mm ft!" mte hun-
dred thousand dollars he, ami the same M hereby, appropri-
ated to carry the provisions of tins net into effect.
Before tire-vote had been announced,
Mr. DOUGLASS rose, and htwintj been waked
by the Speaker whether ho was within tho bttr
when his name wns called, said that ho was not;
that he had just entered the Hall, having been ab-
sent on public duty, and that he now asked leave
to vote.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER announced the vote on the pas-
sage of the bill, and gave the floor to—
Mr. JA.MES THOMPSON, who rose to move
an amendment to the title.
Mr. DOUGLASS submitted that he had not
yielded the floor; and he now moved a suspension
of the rules to enable him to vote.
The SPEAKER said the motion came too late,
the result of the vote having been announced.
Some conversation followed on the point of or-
der; when
The SPEAKER said, that by the unanimous
consent of the House, the Chair would put the
question on allowing the gentleman to vote.
Mr. VINTON and other members objected.
So Mr. Douglass was not allowed to vote.
. Mr. JAMES THOMPSON,now moved a re-
consideration of the vote by which the bill had
been passed, and demanded the previous question.
There was a second. And the main question
{on the reconsideration) was ordered to be now
to Mr! DOUGLASS asked the yeas and nays there-
on, which were- refused.
And the question having then been taken and
decided in the negative^ the vote was not recon-
sidcrcd
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON moved to amend
the title of the bill so as to read, "A bill to protect
4 the rights of American citizens in the territory of j
' the United States west of the Rocky Mountains, j
4 and for other fiurposes.1' j
And on this motion, Mr. T. demanded the pre- J
vious question, which was seconded. j
- Mr. BOWLIN asked to have read, for inform-
ation, the following amendment, which he had dc« !
sired to move to the tide: j
" A bill to extend the laws and protection of the ;
4 United Suites to citizens in the territory of Oregon, ;
1 and to establish a mail-route to and through tho !
' same." i
The main question was ordered;and,being taken, ,
the amendment of Mr. Thompson was agreed to. |j
So the title was amended accordingly, j;
And the bill was sent to the Senate'for concur- ij
rence. ||
The SPEAKER said the first business in order
would be the call of the committees for reports.
THE NOTICE.
On motion of Mr. F OYO, the House, proceeded
to the consideration of the message heretofore re-
ceived from the Senate m relation to die joint reso-
lution of notice.
The resolutions, as they passed this House, and
as sent to the Senate, were in the following form:
Resolved by the Scuttle awl 1 faise of Repreientativcs of the
United. Slates of Jluu'ricn in I'artgrew assembled. That the
President of the United £tafc* <•*  *•« notice to be given to
the Government of Grout Butain that the convention be-
tween the United State* of Ameiica and < n>at Biitain, con-
cerning the trrutorv on the northwest of America,
west of the Stony Mountain*, of the <Wh of August, 1^7,
signed at London, shall he annulled and abrogated twelve
monthn utter giving *aid notice,
%2. JJiul l'v it further ffsjtrctl) That not Inn:; herein cout.it u< d
m intended to intertWc with the right and di-cretton ot the
proper authorities of rho two contracting parhc* to renew or
pursue negotiations for an amicable M'tth-mcni of the con-
troversy rejecting tin* Oregon territory.
The Senate hud stricken out nil of the said reso-
lutions, and had substituted the following:
"ftvsolvedt That by tho convention concluded the
twentieth day of October, eighteen hundred and eighteen,
between tho United f*rate?« of America and The King or the
United Kingdom of Great Untnin and Ireland, for the period
often yearn, and afterward* tndeiinitelv euended and con-
tinued in three hv another convention of the Name paitie-,
concluded the mxfh dn\ of August, in the year of our I,old,
one thousand eight hundred mid twenty seven, it was agreed
that any country that may he chinned by either p.irtv on the
northwest coast of America, westward of tin; Htnnj or
Rocky Mountains, now commonly called the Oregon toni-
tory, should, together with its harbors, bay*, and creeks,
and the navigation of alt rivers within tho same, be 'free
nnd open1 to the vemels, citizen**, and subject* of the two
Powarn, but without prejudice to any elmm which either
of the parties might have to any part of said country; and
with ml- further provision in the ttecond article of tile said
convention of the «ivth of August, eighteen hundred and
twenty seeveti, that either party might abrogate ruul antml
mud vonvttmion,on «ivh g due notice oj twelve inonthw to
tho other contracting' party,--that it has now become de-
sirable tlmt the reHheetivo clahn« of the United States and
tire at Britain should bo definitely sattled; and that said ter-
ritory may no longer than need lie remain subject to the evil
ooiwenuencmi of the divided allegiance of it« American and
Hritiwh population, and of tho confusion and conflict of
national jmisdictions, dangcrouH to the cherished pence
ami good undetNtandine of the two countries. And, there-
fore, that *trp* by taken for the abrogation of the unid
convention of ihn fixth August, eighteen hundr<*d and twen-
ty Kcven, in the mode prescribed in its second article, and
that the attention of the Governments of both countries may
be the more earnestly and immediately throe ted to renewed
efforts for the mineable settlement of nil their ditfcrcnces
and dispute in respect to *md territory,
,/ijw he 11 further resolfrd, That the President of rho
f^nifcrt States be, and ho in hereby, authorised, at his dis-
cretion, to give to the Rtiti h Government the notice ie-
huired by if^  .aid second arlieh* for the abrogaiion of the
Haiti convention of the sixth of Augiwt, eighteen hundred
and twenty-seven."
And the question now was, "Will the House
concur in tho amendment of the Senate to the said
resolutions?**
Mr. OWEN moved to amend the amendment
of the Senate by mubstuuiing for the following
words, to wit: u earm-stiy nnd immediately direct-
4 ed to renewed efforts for the Rniienbie settlement
4 of fill their differences and disputes in respect
4 to s«id territory,**
TJie following words:
«4 Be the more earnoatly directed to the import-
' ance of a speedy adjustment of all their differ-
1 ences and disputes in respeet to said termtory,>}
And also to amend by striking out the second
section of the resolutions, and: inserting the follow-
ing:
" Jlnd be it further resolved, That the President.
4 of the United States is authorized and requested
* to give to the British Government the notice re-
4 quired by its said second article for the abroga-
' tion of the said convention of the 6ih of August,
'1827."
And, on this motion, Mr OWEN demanded
the previous question.
Mr. TIBBATTS asked Mr. 0. to withdraw the
demand, with a view £0 enable him (Mr. T.) to
offer a resolution for the appointment of a commit-
tee of conference before any action was taken.
Mr. OWEN did not withdraw.
After a brief conversation between Mr. Mc-
CLEIOFAND and the SPEAKER on a point of
ordei,
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question was ordered to be
now taken.
Which mnin question wns, first, on the amend-
ment of Mr. Owe.v to the amendment of the ►Sen-
ate.
Mr. C. J. lxNGERSOLL would like to have it
read a«cum.
And it was read.
After an inquiry, by Mr. W. HUNT,
Mr. HOGE asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered,and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adann, Andei<on, Atkinson)
Benton, Ihgga, James Biack, James A. Black, BowJim
Boyd, BrocKenbrough, Btodhead, William G. Brown, Oath"
cart, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Culioin, Cummins*
Cunningham. Dame.!, Jeffer>on Davis, De Mott, Dillingham*
Dobbin, Douglas, Uromgoole, Duniap, Edsall, Emuian*
Faran, Ficklin, Poster, Files, Garvin, Giles, Gordon, Gro-
ver, ll.uuhn, Haralson, irarnian-on, Henley, Ho«e, IIop-
lnnt , James B. Hum, Charles J. Inyersoll, James H.John
sou, Joseph Joln^on, George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones,
Kenned\, L-uvrenee, La Sere, Luron, Lumpkin, RFaelay,
.Met^lelliuid, MeClernand, Joseph J. McDowell, James Mc-
Dowell, McKay, John l\ Mai tin, Barkley Martin, ftlorrif!,
Norrir.Owen, Parrish, Pcrull, PL-mtj Phelp-, Price, Rath-
bun, Keid, it -Ife, Hitter. Hobcrt>\ Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scam-
moii, Leonard H. Snn<, Thomas Smilh, Robert Smith, Stark-
wcathei, St. John, Stnnur, ]<••■,, James Thompsron, Jacob
Thomp on, Thurmait. Tihbatts, Wetitworth, Wboatoii.
Wick, Wiihauis, Wilmnt, Wood, Woodrulf, Yell, mi a
Yo>t—100.
NAYS—Mc«r«. Abbott, John CI Adams, Arnold, Bar-
nnper, Ha.vly, liedinfser, Bell, Blanehard, Milton Brown,
Burt, William W. Campbell, John il. Campliell, Carroll,
John (J. Chapmnii, Au^u-tus A. Chapiutm, Keubon Chap-
man, Coeke, (.'ollamer. t'ran^ton, Cio/.ier, Dargan, Garrett
Davis, Di\on, Doekery, John II. Mwinsr, L-'dwiu H. Ewing,
Foot, firntiy, (ionihciir. Giahant, Giidet, <itumell, ilajnj)-
ton. Hat per. llilhaid, F.tia^ H Holnie<, Kaac K Ifolmes,
liouuh, Kdiniind W. Hulrnrd, Siunuel D. Hubbard, Hudson,
Wasluugton Hunt, Hunter, Joseph K Jnaersoll, Jenkins,
Andrew Johi^on, Thomas Bulloi King. Lewis, Lou< , 3Vlc-
<-rah\ McGauahoy, Mellenry, Marsh, Miller, Morse, Mose-
iey, Nivcn, Payne, Pendleton, Pollock, Julms Rockwell,
Joim A. Rockwell, lloot. Hunk, ^chcnck, Seaman, Seddo%
Severance, Simpson, Truman Smith, Albert Sinitb, Gale$
B. Siiiiih, Stanton, Stftphens, Stewart,StrQhmJThibod-?wix',
Thomassou, THdcri, Tredway, Trumbo, Vinton, White,
Winthrop, woodward, Wright, and Yancey-—^?.
So the amendment of Mr. Owen was agreed to.
And thn question now being on concurring in
the amendment of the Senate as"thus amended—
Mr. CO YD asked for its reading, and hoped that
gentleman would come to order whilst it was read.
The amendment was read.
Mr. BAYLY asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YJSAR—Me« rs. John Uuincy Adams, Stephen Adams,
Anderson, Atknxon, R'triinaer, Bell, Ronton, Big*s, James
Bhick, Jaun,f5 A. Black, Blanchaid, Bovvlin, Boj'd, Brock>
enbroush, lirodhead, Milton Brown, William G. Brown,
William W. Campbell, John H. (.'ampbell, Carroll, Cath-
caif. Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman. Clarke, Oobb,
Cocke, Orozicr, Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel,
Dnrgan, Jefferson Davis, DcMoit, DiHinijham, DKotu i)oh-
Imi, Doujrla«s, Dnnlap, Ed^all, Frdman, John FL Bwing,
Ficklin, Foster, Frie>, Gaivin, Cc-iitry, Giles, Goodyear,
Gordon, Graham, Grider, Grover, Hamlin, Ilaialson, Har-
mansfui, Harper, Henley, Hdliard. Hoge, F.Iias B. Holmes*,
Hoplcms, Hoitjrh, Samuel D. Hubbard, Washington Hunt,
James B. Hunt, Ohailed J. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James H.
John^ou, Joseph Johnson, Andiew Johnson, George W.
Jones, Seaborn Jone?, Kennedy, Lawrence, La Sere,
Lewis, Lisbon, Lumpkin, Maoiay, MeGieliand, MeCler-
nand, McCrate, Joseph J. M<jDoWny, James McDowell,
Mcffenrv, McKay, John P. Martin, Barkley Martin, Morris,
Morse, Nords, Owen, Parrish,Payne, Perrill, Pettit, Phelps,
Pollock, Price, Rathtmn, Iteid, Jleltfe, Ritter, Roberts, Ju-
lius Rockwell, Hoot, Itunk, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scaoimon,
Schcnek, Seaman, Severance, Leonard Fl. Sims, Truman
Smith. Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stan-
ton, starkweather, Stewart, St. John, Strohm, Strong,
Syktts, Thomasson, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Thurman, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tredway, Trumbo, Went-
worth, Wheaton, white, Wick, Williams, Wilmot, Wood.
V^oodmtf, and Yell—144. '
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Bayly, Bedinger, Burt,
John G. Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, CoBamer, Cran-
ston, Garrett Davis, Doekery, Drom^ooie. Edwin Fi.Bwinr,
Pavnr. lonna I? (Ti! 11j      3 ftp *t «
McGaughcy, Marsh, Miller, Moaclev. Niven, Pendleton'
John Av KockweH, Seddon, Simpson, Caleb B. Smith, Ste-
phens, Thibodeaux, Vinton, Winthrop. Woodward, Wright
and Yancc>—iO. 9 3
So Uie resolutions of the Senate, as amended
