696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
they were termed militia; he (Mr. C.) called them
volunteer companies; and he thought it likely such
was the description called out in this case.
Mr. RUSK was not prepared to enter into an
investigation as to the difference between volun-
teers and militia, but he had always considered
volunteers as part of the militia. The practice, as
far as he knew, was, that the general commanding
the department, when it became necessary, called
on the Governor of the State, who immediately
issued his proclamation calling out the militia, and
the requisition was immediately filled up. He saw
no distinction between volunteers and militia. Nor
could he see why there should now be any dis-
tinction made between Louisiana and Texas. The
only question was, whether there was an emer-
gency to justify the President to call out the militia?
They had surrendered entirely their independent
sovereignty, and had no alliance, offensive or de-
fensive, with any foreign Government. That cre-
ated a state of things which required the President
to send the troops of the United States to protect
Texas against any possible invasion-, on account of
that act of surrenderment to the mother country.
General Taylor was shortly afterwards—in the
month of July or August—ordered to take up bis
position 011 the western frontier of Texa.s* He did
so, and immediately on taking up his position there
with a small force, a proclamation was issued by
Arista, commanding the Mexican forces, calling
on the chivalry of Mexico to come forth and repel
the intruders. "What, then, was the condition of
General Taylor? He was an officer who had earn-
ed many laurels in the service of his country. Was
it to be supposed that he would endanger the honor
of his country and his own reputation by any want
of due precaution ? Certainly not. He acted as
became a wise and prudent man. General Gaines
thought proper in that state of affairs to call out a
portion of the militia of Louisiana; and General ,
Taylor, acting with proper discretion, called upon
the President of Texas, then exercising a delegated
authority from the convention, under the former
constitution, until-the State constitution should be
accepted by the Congress of the United States, to
furnish these companies of volunteers. They re-
sponded to the call made by President Jones, and
performed faithfully services which General Taylor
himself had characterized as important and valu-
able. They had rendered the service demanded of
them. They had not receiied the pay for those
services, and it did seem to him that it was but just
that they should stand on the same footing as the
volunteers from Louisiana.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected.
Mr. EVANS asked if theie had not been a letter
received by the committee from the Department
relative to the mission to China.
Mr. HUNTINGTON replied in the affirmative.
The letter was read.
Mr. EVANS wished to inquire whether that
mission to China was still in existence, or had ter-
minated. Was the salary of the Commissioner
going on ? What was the condition of the affair'
Mr. ALLEN replied that the mission was still
in existence. He had not made special inquiry into
the matter, but he believed that the Minister had
returned home on leave, and expected soon to re-
sume his position.
Mr. ARCHER. It was not on leave entirely,
but in consequence of the state of his health, which
he (Mr. A.) understood disabled him from proceed-
ing to his destination. He had heard that it was
the intention of the gentleman soon to resume his
voyage.
Mr. CASS here asked a question of the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. E\an&,] relative to the services
for which Dr. T. P. Jones claimed compensation.
Mr. EVANS. A year ago, the then Secretary
of the Navy, Mr. Mason, transmitted the account
of Dr. Jones and others.
Mr. CASS. Did he recommend their payment?
Mr. EVANS, in reply, read from the report, in
which the non-payment was stated to have arisen
lrom the_ exhaustion of the appropriations. It
struck him (Mr. E.) that certainly the accounts
ou^ht to be paid.
The question on concurring in the amendments
agreed to as in Committee of the "Whole, was then
put, and carried in the affirmative.
And then, 011 motion, the bill was read a third
time, and passed.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
' Monday, rfpril2Q91846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. DAR.GAN, on leave, presented a petition,
("name not heard,) which he subsequently with-
drew,
Mr. PHELPS, in pursuance of previous notice-,
asked, obtained leave, and introduced a bill to con-
firm certain entries of land made at the Springfield
Land Office, in the State of Missouri; which was
read twice, and committed.
The SPEAKER said the regular order of busi-
ness was the call of the States for petitions.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved that the rules in rela-
tion to the order of business be suspended for one
hour, that the committees might be called in their
order for reports.
j' Mr. A. JOHNSON called for the regular orders
! of the day.
11 The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
j; Bkobhuad, and the House refused to suspend the
i j rules to receive reports from committees.
|' Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL asked, leave—at the
[' request, he was understood to say, of the officers
j! of the House—to introduce the following resolu-
11 tion:
I. ResolvedThat, for the purpose of ventilating
the Hall of the House of Representatives, arid giv-
ing an opportunity to lay down the summer mat-
ting, as has been done in previous long sessions,
this House will, when it adjourns on Thursday,
the 30ih of April instant, adjourn to meet on the
following Monday.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON objected.
Mr. BOYD and Mr. T. B. KING moved a sus-
pension of the rules, that the resolution might be
received.
M1*. JACOB THOMPSON withdrew his objec-
tion.
Mr. G. W. JONES inquired whether the reso-
lution fixed the adjournment at a time when the
races over the National Course would come olF? If
not, it should be so arranged that it might take
place at that time.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. I assure you I know
nothing about the races.
Mr. JONES. I propose to defer the adjournment
until the races.
The objection having been renewed, a motion
was made to suspend the rules, and was decided in
the affirmative.
And the resolution being thus before the House,
Mr. THOMAS B. KING moved to amend the
same by inserting after the word "session" the fol-
lowing: k<and also to apply Espy's ventilator to.
' the Hall of the House of Representatives, in the
' same manner as it has been applied to the Senate
' Chamber."
Mr. KING desired to say a word in explanation
of his amendment. He was understood to state
that one of Mr. Espy's ventilators had been con-
structed for the use of the Senate, and it was pro-
posed by the amendment to have a similar ventila-
tor for the use of the House during the summer
months. The cost of that in the Senate had been
about $250. The amendment proposed to appro-
priate the same amount, or so much thereof as
might be necessary.
Mr. B. MARTIN. We have too much wind
here already.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Ana the question recurring on the adoption of
the resolution,
Mr. G. W. JONES moved to amend by striking
out the day designated, and inserting "the day
' preceding the commencement of the races over
' the National Course."
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON demanded the pre-
vious question.
Some conversation followed, in which Messrs.
LEAKE, T. B. KING, and G. W. JONES, par-
ticipated.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved that the whole sub-
ject be laid on the table. The motion was rejected.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded, and the mam question was ordered, and
being taken—fust, on the amendment of Mr. Jones,
and the amendment was rejected.
Mr. G. W. JONES asked the yeas and nays on !
the adoption of the resolution, which was refused. I j
And then the resolution was adopted. I!
| Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved that the
| House resolve itself into Committee of th$ -Whole
I on the state of the Union, with a view, if that mo-
tion prevailed, to move that the committee proceed
to the consideration of the bill to regulate trade and
intercourse \^ith the Indian tribes in the Territory
of Oregon, and to preserve peace aftd cultivate
friendship with and among the said Indians.
The motion having been put and decided in the
affirmative, the House resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the'state of the Union, (Mr.
G. S. Houston, of Alabama, in the chair.) - '
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved that the com-
mittee take up the bill above indicated by him.
Mr. SCHENCK gave notice that, if the motion
of the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thomp-
son] should not prevail, he (Mr. S.) would move
to take up the bill in relation to the pay and mile-
age of members.
INDIAN TRIBES IN OREGON.
The question on the motion of Mr. Jacob
Thompson having been taken and decided in'the
affirmative, the committee proceeded to the consid-
eration of the bill to regulate trade and intercourse
with the Indian tribes in the territory of Oregon,
and to preserve peace and cultivate.friendship •with,
and among the said Indians.
The bill was read as follows;
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmerita in Congress assembled, That
there shall be a superiiitendency of Indian affairs for all
the Indian country lying west of the Rocky Mountains, in
tho Oregon territory; the superintendent of which shall
be appointed by the President of the United States, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate of the United
States, who shall hold his office for the term of four years,
unless sooner temoved by the President, and shalJ annually
receive a salary of four thousand dollars; arid shall give
bond, with two or more securities, in the penal sum of ten
thousand dollars, for the faithful execution of the duties of
Ins office, and shall reside at such place m said territory as
fchall be designated by the President of the United States.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted y That the President of
the United States shall be authorized to appoint, by ancL
with the advice and consent of the Senate, any number of
Indian agents, not exceeding four in number, who shall hold
their offices for four years, unless sooner removed by the
President; and who shall give bond, with two or more seeu-
n ties, in the pCnal sum of four thousand dollars, fbr the faith-
ful execution of the same, an&shall receive tbe annual com-
pensation of fifteen hundred dollars 3 and who shall reside
at such places, and superintend such Indian tribe or tribes,
111 the Oregon territory, as shall be designated by the Presir
dent of the United States. 7
Sec. 3.v ~&nd be ti further cnacted, That a competent num-
ber of interpreters, with a salary not exceeding four hundred
dolUus each, may be employed under the same rules, regu-
lations, and restrictions as are now required by law for sim-
ilar offices; and also blacksmith?, not exceeding four in
number, with a compensation not exceeding four hundred
dollars each annually, shall be employed, to be located at
such places, and to perform such work, as shall be desig-
nated by the President of the United States.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That said superintend-
ent of Indian affans may be entrusted with the execution of
any duties deemed necessary and proper for the protection
of the Settlements in Oregon, under the direction of the
President, not inconsistent with existing treaty stipulations;
and shall, within his superintcndency, cxercisc a general
supervision and control over the official conduct and ac-
counts of all officers and persons employed by the "Govern-
ment m the Indian department, under such regulations as
shall be established by the President, of the CJnjted States,
and may suspend sueh officers and persons from- their office
and employments for reasons forthwith to be communicated
to the Secretary of War. - -
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted^ That all the laws now
m force, appertaining to the dudes and powers Of superin-
tendents, agents, interpreters, and other persons employed
by the Government in the Indian country east of the Rocky
Mountains, shall be applicable to the officers created by this
act, ass far ay the same may be consistent with the existing
treaty stipulations of tins Government
Sec. 6. Jirul be it further enacted. That in order the more
effectually to cultivate peace and! preserve a good undei-
standing with the various tribes of Indians west of tbe
Rocky Mountains, in addition to the powers heretofore con-
ferred in the Indian country, the supeimtendent in die Ore-
gon territory shall be vested with the authouty to arrest, or
cause to be arrested, any cuizen or other person who shall
send, carry, or deliver any talk, speech, message, letter, or
sign, to or lrom any Indian tube, nation, chiet, or individual,
with an intent to produce a contravention or infraction of anv
treaty, or to distmb the pcace and tranquillity of the United
States, or of said Indian tribes, and brought befbre him; and
if, upon inquiry and full mvestigauon, the superintendent
shall be clearly satisfied of the guilt of the accused, he shall
cause a-uch punishment to be inflicted as in his judgment may
be deemed just and right, not extending in any ease to life
or limb: Provided, hoaeici, That the party accused shall
have the privilege of summoning and examing the witnesses
both for and against lnm, and of confronting his accusers on
the trial: Jlnd, 'provided further, That tbe superintendent
shall in cverv case report forthwith a full account of all the
facts and his proceedings thereon to the Secretary of War.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That for the purpose of
promoting the moral improvement, and of preventing dis-
tm bailees of the peace between-American citizens and the
\ arious Indian tribes, the President shall be, and he is here-
by, authorized to cause any of the friendly Indians on the
loutc to the Oregon territory, as well as west of the Rocky
