698
THE .CONGRESSIONAL -GJMDjBE.
Aprii^Q,
less, he yet felt it flue to himself to make these
few remarks in explanation of his course and his
votes.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Yancey ; which, by ayes 79, noes not count-
ed, was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion of Mr.
McKay;" and, having been decided in the affirma-
tive, the second section was stricken out.
The third section being- under consideration—
Mr. YANCEY moved to am£nd it by limiting
the number of interpreters to four.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said he was willing.
Mr. McKAY suggested that it would be better
to leave the matter discretionary with the President.
Mr. YANCEY said he perceived that the num-
ber of blacksmiths was limited to four, and he
thought the agents might be limited to the same
number. Four, he presumed, would be sufficient;
mid if a less number was required, the President
would make the appointments accordingly.
Mr. McKAY moved to reduce the pay of the
interpreters from §400 to §300.
After a few remarks from Messrs. JACOB
THOMPSON and McKAY,
The question was taken on the amendment of ;
Mr. Yancey, and it was rejected.
And the amendment of Mr. McKay was agreed
to.
To the fourth and fifth sections no amendments
were o fie red. j
And the sixth section being under consideration,
Mr. THUR.MAN moved the following substi-
tute :
" That any person who shall send, carry, or de-
* liver any talk, speech, message, letter, or sign, to
' oi from any Indian tribe, nation, chief, or indi-
4 vidua!, with an intent to produce a contravention
4 or infraction of any treaty to which the United
' Slates are a party, or to disturb the peace and
4 tranquillity of the United States, or of stud Indian
4 tribes, shall be ftudty of a misdemeanor; and,
' upon conviction thereof, shall be fined in any sum
4 not exceeding one thousand dollars, and impris-
onment for any time not exceeding three years;
1 and it is hereby made the duty of the superin-
4 tendent, hereby created, to cause all such offend-
( ers to be arrested and brought to trial before the
4 proper tribunal : Provided, That nothing in this
4 dot shall apply to any Indian whatsoever, or to
4 any subject of Great Britain during the existence
4 of the convention of 1827, between the United
e States and Great Britain, relative to the territory
' west of the Stony Mountains.''
Mr. SEDDON moved to strike out the said sec-
tion.
SECRET-SERVICE FUND AND MR. WEBSTER.
Mr. BAYLY rose and said that a message from
the President of the United States, which he was
sure the House would desire to hear read, was
now waiting, tie moved, therefore, that the com-
mit teec rise.
The motion having been agreed to, the commit-
tee rose and reported.
And the Speaker being in the chair,
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of J.
K. Walker, Esq., Ins Private Secretary, and which
was read as follows :
To the House of Reyresc.iUdivcs :
i have consideied the resolution of the Hou^e of Repre-
sentative* of the 9th iih-tdiit, bv which I am icquested "to
'cause to he furnished to that Hou-e an account of all pay- I
'meiits made on Pu'-Kieiita' cotitieates fiom the fund <tp- j
4 P'nptiaTo'l by l<nv, tluough the ajjenov of the State Depart- j
' iiieiii. ioi the continent exponas of foieigu niteicouise, |
' tiomtne 4t'i ot Man.'!!, Irt4l. until the reuiemont of Daiuel .
1 W<'b^tei- from the D.'p atm'-ait ot State, with copies ot all
' entiies, receipt-*, letter, vouchers, memotandinns,oi other
1 evidence of suth payments, to whom paid, foi what, and
{ particularly all concerning the northeastern bound.uy dis-
fput.* with Great But urn."
With an anxious desiie to furnish to the House any infor-
mation requested by that body which may be in rne Execu-
tive departments, 1 have felt bound by a sense of public duty
to jnquiie how tai 1 could with piopnety, or consistently
witii the existing law?, icspond to their call.
The u>ual annual appiopuati« u " foi the contingent ex-
pends of intercourse b' uveen the United States awl foifigii
nations" has been disbmsed since the date of tne act of May
1,1810, in pursuance of its provisions.
By the third section of that act it is provided—
" That when any sum or sums of money shall be drawn
cfrom the tieasury, under any law making appiopi nation for
'the contingent expenses of intercourse between the United
c States and foreign nations, the President shall be, and he
e is hereby, authorized to cause the same to be duly settled
< annually with the accounting officers of the treasury, in the
4 manner following—that is to say, by causing the same to
4 be accounted for specially in all instances wherein the ex-
penditure thereof may, in his judgment, be made public,
< and by making a certificate of the amount of such expendi-
(tures as he may tlimk it advisablenotto specify; and every
4 such certificate shall be deemed a sufficient voucher for the
4 sum or sums therein expiessed to have been expended."
Two distinct classes of expcndituie aie authorized by this
law; the one of a public, and the other of a private and
confidential character. The President in oliice at the time
of the expendituie, is made by the law the sole judge whether
it shall be public or private. Such sums are to be 44 ac-
counted for specially m all instances wherein the expendi-
ture thereof may, in his judgment, be made public." All
expenditures u accounted for specially" are settled at the
treasury upon vouchers, and not on "Presidents' certifi-
cates," and, like all other public accounts, are subject to be
called foi by Congress, and are open to public examination.
Had information as respects this class of expenditures been
culled for by the resolution of the House, it wouldhavebcen
promptly communicated.
Congress foreseeing that ll might become necessary and
proper to apply poi tions of this fund for object-*, the original
accounts and vouchers for winch could not be " made pub-
lie" without,injury to the public interest, authorized the
jPio&ulent, inroad of nueh accounts and vouchors, to make
a certificate of the amount " of muchexpenditures as he may
think it advisable not to specify," and have provided that
"every such ceilifieate shall be deemed a suilicient voucher
for the sum or sums therein expressed to have been ex-
pended."
The law making these provisions is in full force. It is
binding upon nil the departments of the Government, and
especially upon the Executive, whose duty it is "to take
care that the laws b:; faithfully executed." In the exercise
ot the deletion lodged by it in the Executive, several of my
predecessors have made "certificates" of the amount " of
Mich expenditures as they have thought it advisable not to
specify," and upon these certificates, as the only vouchers,
settlements have been made at the treasury.
It appears that within the peiiod specified in the resolu-
tion of the House, certificates were given by my immediate
predcce &or, upon winch settlements have been made at the
treasury, amounting to five thousand four hundred and sixty
dollars. lie has solemnly determined that the objects and
items of these expendiluios should not be made public, and
Jsa- given his certificate to that effect, which are placed upon
the records of I he country. Under the direct authority of
an existing law, he has exeicised the power of placing these
expenditures (imlei the seal of confidence, and the whole
matter was tei minuted before [ caine into office. An im-
portant question an-es whether a subsequent President,
eithei voluntarily or at the request of one branch of Con-
giesv, can, wiihout a violation of the t-piut of the law, re-
vi*o the acts ot his predecessor, and expose to public view
that which he had determined should not be "made pub-
he." if not a matter of s-tiictduty, it would certainly be
a safe general rule that this should not be done. Indeed, it
liny weil happen, and probably would happen, that the
President for the time being would not be in possession of
the information upon which his predeeussoracted, and could
not therefore have the means of judging whether he had
exercised his discretion wisely or not. The lawicquires no
other voucher but the Pre>ident's certificate, and theie is
nothing in its provisions which requires any " entries, re-
ceipt'. letters, vouchers, memoiandtuns, or other evidence
of such pajinemv to be preset vcUui the Executive depart-
ment. The President who makes the "certificate'? may, if
hi' ehoo-.cs, keep all the infoimation and evidence upon
which he acts in liis own possession. If, for the informa-
tion of his successois, he shall leave the evidence on which
he acts, and the items of the expenditures which make up
the sum for winch he ha< given his "certificate," on the
confidential files of one of the Executive departments, they
do not, in any piopcr sense, become thereby public records.
They are never seen or examined by tile accounting officers
ot the treasury, when they settle an account on the "Presi-
dent's certificate." The first Congiess of the United States,
on the 1st of July, 1790, passed an act " providing the means
of intercourse between the United States and foreign na-
tions," by which "a similar piovision to that which now
exists wa< made for the settlPment of such expenditures as,
m the judgment of the President, ought not to be made pub-
lic. This act was limited in its duration. It was continued
for a limited term m 1793, and between that time and the
date of the act of May 1,1810, which is now in force, the
same piovismn was unwed and continued. Expenditures
were made and settled under Piesidential certificates, in
pursuance nf these laws.
Jfthc Prc-ident-may answer the piesenteall, he must an-
swer similar calK for o\ery such expendituie of a confiden-
tial character, m^dc under eveiy Administration, m war and
m peace, from the organization of the Government to the
pre- cnt period. To break the seal of confidence imposed by
the law, and heietofore uniformly preserved, would be sub-
I versive ot the very purpose toi which the law was enacted,
; and might be productive of the mo^tdisastrous consequences,
i The expenditures ofthis confidential character, it is believed,
i wore never before sought to be made public; and I should
i gieatly apprehend the consequences of establishing a prece-
! dent which would render such disclosures hereafter mevit-
; able.
! 1 am fully aware of the strong and correct public feeling
i winch exists thiougliout the countiy against secrecy of any
I kind in the aduumstiation of the Goveinnient, and especially
i m reference to public expenditures, yet our foreign negotia-
| tiojv* are wisely and properly confined to the. knowledge of
;! the Executive during their pendency. Our laws require the
accounts of every particulai expendituie to be rendered and
j. publicly settled at the Ttea-auy Department. The single ex-
ception which exists is, not that the amount embraced under
J Piesideiits' certificates shall be withheld from the public,
I i but merely tiiat the items of which these are composed shall
,; not be divulged. To this extent, and no further, is secrecy
;* olweived.
! The laudable vigilance of the people in regard to all the
1 evpenditiucs of the Government, as well as a sense of duty
:; on the part of the President, and a desire to retain the good
: j opinion of his fellow-citizens, will prevent any sum expend-
I] ed from being accounted for by the President's certificate,
unless m cases of urgent necessity. Such certificates- have
therefore been resorted to but seldom 'throughout our t&st
history. - •
For my own part, I have not caused any account what-
ever to be settled on a Presidential certificate. I have had
no occasion rendering it necessary, in my judghient, to make
such a certificate; and it would be an extreme case which
would ever induce me to exercise this authority; yet, if sueh
a case should arise, it would be my duty to assume the
responsibility devolved on me by the law.
During my Administration, all expenditures for contingent
expenses of foreign intercourse, in which fee accounts have
been closed, have been settled upon regular vouchers, as all
other public accounts are settled at the treasury.
It may be alleged that the power of impeachment belongs
to the House of Representatives, and that, with a view to
the exercise of this power, that House has the Tight to in-
vestigate the conduct of all public officers under the Gov-
ernment. This is cheerfully admitted. In Such a case, the
safety of the Republic would 1>e the supreme law; ana.the
power of the House in the pursuit of tins object would pene-
trate into the most secret recesses of the Executive depart-
ments. It could command the attendance of any and every
agent of the Government, and Compel them to produce all
papers, public or private, official or unofficial, and to testify
on oath to all facts within their knowledge. But even in a
case of that kind, they would adopt all wise precautions to
prevent the exposure of all such matters, the publication of
which might injuriously affect the public interest, except so
fhr as this might be necessary, to accomplish the great, ends
of public justice. If the House of Representatives, as the
grand inquest of the nation, should at any time have reason
to believe that there has been malversation in office, by an
improper use or application ofthe public money by a public
officer, and should think proper to institute an inquiry into
the matter, all the archives and papers of the Executive de-
partments, public or private, wbuld "be subject to the inspec-
tion and control of a committee of their body, a d. every
facility in the power of the Executive be afforded to enable
them to prosecute the investigation.
The experience of every nation on earth has demonstra-
ted that emergencies may arise in which it becomes absolute-
ly necessary lor the public safety or the public good, to make
expenditures, the very object of which would'be defeated by
publicity. Some Governments have very large amounts at
their disposal, and have made vastly, greater expenditures
than the small amouuts which have from time to time been
accounted for on Presidents5 certificates. In no nation is
the application of such-sums ever made public.' In time of
wai, or impending danger, the situation of the country may
make it necessary to employ individuals for the .purpose of
obtaining information, or rendei ing other important services,
who could never be prevailed upon to act it they entertain-
ed the least apprehension that their names or their agency
would in any contingency be divulged. So it may often be-
come necessary to incur an expenditure for an object highly
useful to the country •, for example, the conclusion of a treaty
with a barbarian Power, whose customs require on such oc-
casion the use of presents; ,but this object inight be alto-
gether defeated by the.intrigues- of other- Powers, if our pur-
poses were to be made known by the exhibition of the origi-
nal papers and vouchers tp the accounting officers of the
treasury. It would be easy to specify other" cases which
may occur in the history of a great nation, in its intercourse
with other nations, wherein it might become absolutely ne-
cessary to incur expenditures for objects which could never
be accomplished, if it were suspected, in advance, that the
items of expenditure, and the agencies employed, would'be
made public.
Actuated, undoubtedly, by considerations of this kind,
Congress provided such a fund, coeval with the" organization
of the Government, and subsequently enacted the law of
1810, as the peirmment law of the land. While this law ex-
ists in full force, I feel bound, by a high sense of public pol-
icy and duty, to observe its provisions, and the uniform prac-
tice of my predecessors, under it. With great respect for
the House of Representatives, and an anxious desire to con-
form to their wishes, I am constrained to come to this con-
clusion.
If Congress disapprove the policy of the law, they may
repeal its provisions.
In reply to that portion of the resolution of the House
which calls fbr « copies of Whatever communications were
(made from the 8ecretary.ofS.tate during the last session of
' the 27th Congress,.particularly February, 184% to.MK Cush-
' ing and Mr. Adams, members of the Committee of this
< House on Foreign Affairs, of the wish of the President of
'the United States to institute a special mission to "Great
k Britain," I have to state that no such communications, or
copies ot them, are found in the Department of State.
" Copies of all letters on the books of the Department of
( State, to any officer of the United States, or any person 111
4 New York,concerning Alexander McLeod," which aie also
called for by the resolution, are herewith communicated.
JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, April %0,1846.
The reading of the accompanying correspond-
ence was dispensed with.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved that the mes-
sage and accompanying documents be laid on the
table, and printed; but, after a brief conversation,
waived the motion at the request of
Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL, who said, if the House
wished to hear the further reading he had no ob-
jection. But he presumed, from what he had
heard of the communication, that the reading
would take some time. It related only to the
McLeod case, and it will undoubtedly be much
ji better understood when printed. -
ji Mr. I. wished to say a very few words upon
ll this question of printing, which opened the debate
ji at this time,but it was a duty he owed the House,
,;! and perhaps himself, to say a few words on this
|) occasion.
