1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
701
quiry were to be carried out, he would like to have
it explained how the $100,000 appropriated in re-
lation to Texas had been disposed of. He also
repeated that, notwithstanding the authority of
Mr. Young, of New York, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania was mistaken, and that he had not
produced the slightest scin\llation of proof that
this Government attempted to interfere with the
administration of justice in New York. When
Mr. Webster went out of office, Mr. K. said he
understood the fact to be that he settled his account
by drawing a check for the balance that seemed to
be against him, and when the vouchers came in
for that amount, there was a certain amount placed
to his credit, which was subsequently refunded.
He contended that Mr. Crittenden, instead of
sustaining Mr. Ingersoll in his charges of inter-
ference, directed the whole tenor of his remarks to
show directly the reverse.
Mr. DROmGOOLE (Mr. K. yielding) asked of
the gentleman if Mr. Crittenden did not declare
that he went to New York concerning theMcLeod
case, with written instructions in his pocket.
Mr. KING resuming. Well, suppose he did;
that showed no attempt at interference; and Mr.
Crittenden directly stated that there was no inten-
tion on the part of the Administration to interfere.
Mr. K. concluded by lepeating thuiMr. Incur-
soll had failed to produce proofs to substantiate
his charges.
The question now recurred on the original mo-
tion of Mr. Jacob Thompson, to lay on the table
and print.
Mr. HOUSTON moved the previous question
on the motion to print; which wns seconded.
Mr. WINTHROP demanded the yensand nuyfi
on ordering the main question, which were order-
ed, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Me.ssi,-'. Jolm tluiney Adams, Htephcn Adam*,
Anderson, Atkinson, Bayly, lientoo, Jauuw Black,
Jamo^ A. Black, ttowlin, floyd, Hinekenbrou-'h, llroilheud,
William G. Brown, Hurt, t'a'theart, Augustus A. ('Impinim,
Itenben Chapman, OiuiKo? Clupman, Choke, t'obh, Cocke,
Culloin, Cummins, Ounnimdmni, Daniel, Daryan, JellW-on
Davis, De Molt, Dillingham, Dobbin, Douglas, Duniitp,
Erdman, Paian, Ficiclm, l'Yies, (inrvin, <«dos, «iot>dy  nr,
Goidon, Giover, Hamlin, HaiitlMin, Uarni. n>on,
Hopkins, Ilounh, S. Houston, Kdinumt W. Hubanl,
Hungon'ord, Janies 15. Hunt, Ihmtei, .tenUm^, James M.
Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, <5eonj.  YV
Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kennedy, Pionton King, Laurenoc,
.Leake, La Sere, Levin, Lipon, Lnmpkin, Mnelay, iYleClcl
land, McCleruand, JVIc<Vmnell, Janu.n Dmvelt, M'-Kuy,
John T. Martin, Hat kley Mailin, Monts, Moultun, N'orrif,
Owen, Parrish, Payne, Porrill, Phelps, Prieo, Rathlmn,
iieul, Relf'e, Hitter, Robeits, Hawtelle, rtnwyej, tfeanmion,
Leonaid H Sim?., Simpson, Robert Smith, Stnnltm, Ststik-
wcather, St. John, Strong, S\ ken, Ja>-ob Thompson, Tliur-
man, Tibbatts, Tredway, IVcnUvorth, VVIieaton, WJt-K,
WilIianiH, Wilmot, Woodward, Yancey, Yell, and
—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Ashman, llarrinsjrr,
Bell, lilarichard, MiUuu i)rown, John H. Campbell, Jolm
G. Cliapman, Colhmier, Crmi^tmi, Cro/.w, kartell Davih,
Delano, JDixon, Dockcry, Dromgoole, .John U. Kwimr, Kd-
win II. lSwinjr, Foot, Gentry, (irntmnj, <«miei, Bunnell,
Hampton, Ilaiper, Uillumi, Khaa H. Holme-, Sanui' l J>.
Hubbard, Ilud-on, Washington Hunt, Charles J. IntfeiMill,
Joseph It. Jngersoll, Thomas Ihitler Kiny, beuif, Mr*
Gaughoy, Mcllfiin, Marsh, MiJIei, Mo-Hey, IVmlleton,
Pollock, Julius Rockwell, John A. Itoekwell, Root, Hunk,
►Sclienck, Seamnn, Snddon, Sevcrnnet-, Tuonan tfmitU,
Albert Smith, Caleb B. iSmith, Stephen ', Stewait. jSirnhni.
Tilden, Truml)o, Vinton, White, Winthiop, VVoodmil',
and Wright—fKl.
So the main question was ordered.
And, having been taken, the message and docu-
ments were laid on the table, and ordered to he
printed.
THE NOTICF..
Whilst Mr. C. J. Ingekcoli. was speaking,
A message was received fiom the Senate by A.
Dickins,Esq., Secretary,informing tin; I lou.se that
the Senate had disagreed to the amendment ot ihe
House to the amendment of the Senate to the joint
resolution of the House, entitled " Joint resolution
of notice to Great Britain to annul and alnogate
the convention between Great Britain and the
United Suites, of August 6th, 18x27, relative to the
country on the northwest coast of America, west-
ward of the Stony Mountains, commonly called
Oregon."
When the message from the President ot the
United Slates laid been disposed of—
Mr. OWEN moved tlmt the House proceed to
the consideration of (lie said uiesisnge lront the
Senate.
Which motion having been agreed to—
The message was taken up and read.
Mr. WENT WORTH demanded a call of the
House.
Mr. OWEN moved, that a committee of three
be appointed on the part of this House to meet a
similar committee on the part of the Senate on the
subject of disagreeing votes of the two houses.
Mr. ROBERTS submitted that such a motion
was not in order at this time; and that the first
motion that could be entertained must be a motion
either to insist, or to adhere, or to recede. And he
moved that this House insist on its amendment to
the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. THUKMAN inquired of the Speaker
whether the effect of a refusal to insist would he,
ipso facto, an agreement of the resolutions to the
Senate, or whether the question would afterwards
come up on agreeing or not agreeing, and whether,
after that, the House could ask a committee of con-
ference.
The SPEAKER (directing his attention first to
the point of order raised by j\Jr. Roberts) directed
the Clerk to read the fust joint lule, which is in
the following word*:
" fn evi-ry <*a o nmeiulmei.t of a bill agreed to in one
llou-e, ;md diss, nu d to in tJi • < Iher, II <Mtii«-i lluiiw hbull
request tt eonleriMav, and app eal a eoimniUe.- mr that pur-
po.it;, and thu uth-'r ll o t >u>u .ippniui a comimto-t: to
coaler, hiuIi eouamiiee.^ «.hud, at a e>>n\> iu« ut hour, to be
agi i-i d on by tb«-ir ehftuim-n, mi- t in ihr coaU'reiiee oiuun-
Uer, and -mu* to *•« •!  other, verb.uiy or in wntoai, a- euh''r
hIwuI i-Ikkw, Uh* rca><on  <>i tlietr re-jn-etive lloii-i-^ 1'ur and
against the uinemtnieui, and eonu-r iaely tben on."
Mr. C. J. INUKUSOLL inquired whether it was
in order to move to appoint a committee of confer-
ence until the House had determined whether it
would niaust or recede.
The Speaker h reply, if any, was not heard on
| the left of the chair; but iho deu.sion is «i\eu fully
i heienfler.
j Mr. G, S. HOUSTON Mtid, if he understood
i the mode in whieh the Chair would put the ques-
tion, it would he that the ilousr insist, and ask a
committee of conleivnce. The cormnitttce of con-
ference followed immediately alter a vole to insist.
Mr. OWKN desired to say one word on the
point of mder, and proceeded to icier to the Man-
ual; when
Mr. UKNTRV (recognised by the Speaker) *aid
ho understood fla- pending tjiajslion to he on the
motion to insist. H«' desued to know whether a
motion to amend that motion so as to rt-cidc would
be in order. If wo, lie moved it.
The SPKA KKR. A motion to recede takes pre-
cedence over a motion to insist.
Mr. UENTRY. Then 1 move to recede.
The tiPJSAKtell. The Chair decides that, un-
der ih« rule, it would he irregular to ask a commit-
tee of eoufcrenre until the House shall have deci-
ded either to recedo or to insiat. But the Chair
Ntaten to the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
ItoKKiiTR,! that the Mummi itself, at one point,
provides that a committee of conference may be
appointed at any time.
Mr. tf. JOJNKS. The Manual (page 190) holds
this language: *' A conference may be a«ked be-
" fore the House asking it hasrome to a resolution
' of disagreement, innisung or adhering."
Mr. t>VVKN. And, in addition to that, the Man-
ual Mays: ''This is the mo«t reasonable and respect-
ful pmcoeding."
Mr. 8. JUNKS, I will read on—" In which case
' tho papeis are not left with the other conferees,
' but are brought back", to be the foundation of the
* vote to be j iven. And this is the most reasonable
4 and respectful proceeding."
Mr. liUNTKU. Doe* the gentleman appeal
from the decision <>f the Chair? If not, 1 object to
debate.
Mr. S. JONES. I appeal; but I have read this
extiael from the Manual, m the hope that the
Speaker will correct his decision without the neces-
sity of persisting in the appeal.
The SPK-YKKK. The jomt rule which has been
read, is, as a matter of course, the statute govern-
ing (he action of this House; and though the Chair
is not prepared to say but that a committee might
be appointed, under certain circumstances, yet the
Chair says that it would he modular, and not ac-
cording to piactice. By reference to the Journals
of the, last two Congresses, it will be seen that a
motion to insist, or to recede, has uniformly been
acted upon by the House before a committee of
conference has been appointed.
Mr. DUOMGOOI-E inquired what the precise
condition of the question before the House was?
The SPKAKER stated it.
Mr. DKOMGO0LK said, that amotion to recede
from the amendment of the House to the amend-
ment of the Senate was certainly in order: but if
that was voted down, (and, by-the-by, he hoped
it would be,) it would then be in order to move to
insist. If this House insisted, and the Senate sub-
sequently insisted, then a motion for a committee
of conference would be in order, to prevent the final
loss of the resolutions. If both houses finally ad-
hered to their respective amendments, then theres-
| olutions were lost.
! Hr. HARALSON desired to be informed by the
Chair whether, if the House should not recede, and
; tho resolutions should be transmitted to the Senate?,
; and that body should adhere, the matter was not
; then at an end, or whether the House could then,
should such be iis sense, recede from its position ?
He asked for information to govern his vote.
The SPEAKER said he would decide that ques-
tion in its proper place. There was now another
question pending.
Mr. HARALSON submitted that, as that ques-
tion might determine his vote, he had a right to be
informed in respect to it, in order that he might
1 vote understandingly.
| Mr. RATHBUN again called attention to the
t first joint rule.
j Mr. TIBBATTS read it. He said that, accord-
; ing to the parliamentary law, the House could
• have asked a committee of conference. The rule
i of the House took the place of the parliamentary
I law. By that rule the House had the power to
' ask such a committee before taking a vote, either
I on receding or insisting.
• Mr. JACOB THOMPSON. Did the Chair de-
j cide the motion of the gentleman from Indiana
] [Mr. Owes] to be out of order?
; The SPEAKER. The Chair has so decided,
! and has further decided that the motion to recede
; takes pieecdence of a motion to insist.
Mr. THOMPSON. Is such a motion made?
! The SPEAKER. It ix.
Mr. BAYLY. Is the motion pending?
The SPEAKER. The motion is before the
House. But the pending question is on the appeal
' taken by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Jones,]
from the decision of the Chair. Gentlemen on one
• side desire that a committee of conference shall
be appointed befoi c the question is taken, either on
: a motion to recede or a motion to insist. The
i ('hair has decided that, according to the practice
of the House, and under the first joint rule, a mo-
tion to recede, or to insist, or to adhere, has uni-
versally been made and acted upon before asking
for a committee of conference. There is not one
instance in the several years past, during which the
| Chair has examined the Journals, wherein a mo-
j tion for a committee of conference was made with-
] out a previous or concurrent motion either to insist,
! to recede, or to adhere. And the Chair is of opin-
' ion that it is necessary that the House should vote
| on one or the other of these motions before asking
a committee of conference. At the 176th page of
the Manual, these motions are placed in their reg-
ular order; first, to recede: second, to insist; third,
to adhere. And in this order they take precedence
of each other. From this decision there is an ap-
! peal, and the question is, "Shall the decision of
; the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. BLACK, remarking that this was a very
important question, on which the House should
not act without deliberation, moved that the House
adjourn.
But the House refused to adjourn.
, Mr. RATHBUN asked that the first joint rule
; might again be read.
! Mr. McCLERNAND objected, unless it was in
( order.
| The SPEAKER said the rule had already been
! read, and the question was on the appeal.
! The appeal was debated briefly nv Messrs. S.
1 JONES, McCLERNAND, and RATHBUN.
Mr. RATHBUN demanded the previous ques-
tion, and resisted an appeal by
Mr. HOPKINS to withdraw it, that he (Mr.
H.) might explain a misapprehension which, it
seemed to him, existed as to the first rule.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded.
And the main question (on the appeal) was or-
dered, and, being taken, the House affirmed the de-
' cision of the chair.
So the SPEAKER said:
The question is on the motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry;] « Will the House
