704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21*
JURISDICTION OVER OKEGON.
The bill (from the House of Representatives) to
extend the jurisdiction of the United States over
the American citizens in Oregon, and for other
purposes, was read a second time, and referred to
the Committee on Territories.
Mr. DIX moved that the (House) bill for the
relief of Charles W. Bingley, of Charleston, South
Carolina, be recommitted to the Committee on
Commerce; which motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. FAIRFIELD, the Senate
went into Executive session; and, after some time
spent therein, the doors were opened; when
Mr. BRKHSE moved to reconsider the vote re-
ferring the bill to protect the rights of American
citizcns in Oregon to the Committee on Territories,
in order to refer it to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion to reconsider was disagreed to, and
then
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 21, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday having been read.
Mr. BARKLEY MARTIN rose to move a cor-
rection. It was, he said, a matter of no import-
ance; but he was represented as having moved the
previous question. He had not the honor to do
so, although he tried to obtain the floor for the pur-
pose.
The Journal was corrected accordingly.
, Mr. BAYLY said he understood he was repre-
sented on the Journal as having moved the pre-
vious question, " after debate." Ifsuchwasthe
statement, it was incorrect, because he had posses-
sion of the floor, and had distinctly announced his
intention to forego the desire he had to speak, in
compliance with a request on the part of ftiends
near him.
The Journal was corrected accordingly; and was
then approved.
DEFICIENCIES IN APPROPRIATIONS.
A message was received from the Senate by A.
Dickins, Esq., Secretary, informing the House that
the Senate had passed the bill making appropria-
tion for certain deficiencies in appropriations for
the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1846, with
amendments, m winch the Senate asked the con- 1
currence of this House. }
On motion of Mr. McKAY, submitted on leave, i
the bill and amendments were referred to the Com- I
mittee of Ways and Means.
THE SMITHSONIAN BEQUEST.
3 The SPEAKER said that the special order of
the day was the bill in relation to the Smithsonian J
bequest.
On motion of Mr. OWEN, the consideration of
the special order was postponed until to-morrow.
THE DISAGREEING VOTES.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi- j
ness to be, the motion pending at die adjournment |
last evening, that a committee of conference on the j
port of this House be appointed on the subject of i
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the I
joint resolution of notice. i
Mr. BIGGS demanded the previous question; j
and, by ayes 81, noes 44, the demand was second- ;
ed.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered;
and, (after some conversation oil a point of order
between Mr. S. JONES and the Chair,) being ,
taken, resulted as follows: ;
YEAB—MjfS-xs. Stophfln Adam*, Anderson. Atkinson,
Bavlv. Bell, Benton, Bicgs. .lames A. Black. ■
Blanchard. Bowlin, Boyd, Brockt:nbiouj>h, Brodhead, Burr,
Oathcan, Au^ubtu? A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, 1
Cinpmau, Cobb, Collin, Oultom, Cummins, Cunningham,
Daniel, Daiaan, Ga rott Davis, Jufiw^ou Davis, Delano, De :
Mott. Dnlmihatii, Dobmn, Dimiap. Erdman. Gaivin, Giles, ;
Goodyear, Got don. C.aham. Gun or. llainlm, Hampton, Tim- ,
aUon. Harmauson, Hilhaid, U. B Holme*. l-]opkm*,IIongli, 1
Gporie y. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard.HunL'orioul, \\"a Il-
lusion I-Iunt, James B. Hunt, Huntoi, Jenkins, Jiimc-d H.
Johnson, Joseph John-son, George vV. .Tone-. Seaborn .Tones, !
Preston Kmg, Lawrence,baSeie, Levm. Lumpkin, Mac!ay. ■
McCielland, MeConnell, James McDowell, McHemy, Moll- ,
vftnif, McKay, Barkley Martin, Morris, Mor^e, Ptloulton, ,
Noras, Owen, Pamsh, Payne, Perrii, Peitit, Phelps, Pollock,
Price, Rathbun, Reid, Itell'e, Hitter, Roberts, Julius Rock-
well, John A. Rockvs I'EJ, Root, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon,
i Schenck, Seddon, Severance, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson,
i Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stanton, Starkweather,
| Stewart, St. John, Strohm, Strong, Thomasson, Jacob
j Thompson, Tliuiman, Tibbatts, Tiiden, Tredway, Trumbo,
] Wheaton, White, Wick, Williams, Wilmot, Wood, Wood-
j waid, Yancpy, Yell, and Vost—126.
i NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Ashmun, Milton Brown,
1 William G- Brown, William W. Campbell, John H. Camp-
bell, Carroll, John G. Chapman, Clarke, Cocke, Cranston,
Crozier, Dixon, Doekery, Douglass*, John H. Ewing, Ficklin,
Foot, Genuy, Grider, Grinnell, Harper, Hei rick, Hoge, Sam-
uel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Andrew John-
son, Kennedy, Thomas B. King, Leake, Lewis, McCler-
nand, McGaughey, Marsh, John P. Martin, Moseley, Pen-
dleton, Seaman, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Robert Smith,
Stephens, Thibodeaux, Vinton, Wentworth, Winthrop,and
Wrcghf-i-40.
So the committee of conference was ordered to
be appointed.
Before the vote was announced—
Mr. 0. J. INGERSOLL rose and said, " Mr.
Speaker."
The SPEAKER. Was the gentleman within
the bar when his name was called ?
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. I was not; but I
desire to say that if I had been, I would have voted
for a committee of conference.
Mr. E. H. EWING. And I desire to say that
if I had been within the bar, I should have voted
against a committee of conference.
The SPEAKER announced the following mem-
bers as composing the committee of conference:
Mr. C. j. Ingersoll, Mr. Owen, and Mr.
Hilliard.
THE SECRET-SERVICE FUND.
Mr. BAYLY rose to inquire of the Chair
whether a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the papers transmitted from the President yester-
day had been laid on the table and ordered to be
printed was a debatable motion ?
The SPEAKER said it was not, because the
motion to lay on the table was not debatable.
Mr. BAYLY said his reason for making the j
inquiry was, that he was desirous, if possible, to
cut off debate upon the motion, submitted yes-
terday, to lay on the table and print the message
and correspondence in relation to the secret-service
fund.
The SPEAKER said he thought the motion to
reconsider would not be debatable.
THE INDIAN TRIBES IN OREGON.
On motion of Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. G-. S. Houston, of
Alabama, in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the bill to regulate trade and intercourse
with the Indian tribes in the territory of Oregon,
and to preserve peace and cultivate friendship with
and among the said Indians.
Mr. SEDDON held the floor from yesterday, on
a motion which he was then understood to submit
to strike out the Gth section, and which motion
the Chairman now decided to be the pending ques-
tion. [The bill will be found in yesterday's pro-
ceedings.]
Mr. S. rose, but yielded for a moment to
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, who moved tlie fol-
lowing amendment:
Insert at the end of the 12th line the words,
" and deliver the same over to the proper authori-
ties, to be dealt with according to law."
Mr. SEDDON resumed the floor, and addressed j
the committee dnrmg the greater portion of the i
hour. The general points of his argument may j
be stated as follows: it was not his intention (lie i
said) to award to the gentleman from Mississippi '
[Mr. Jacob Thompson] the priority in point of
time 111 the amendment which he hau offered. !
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said he did not wish |
to claim it. j
Mr. iSKDDON'continucd. The amendment of j
that gentleman by no means covered all the objec- !
tionaule provisions of the bill, or accomplished all j
the purposes contemplated by the amendment he
himself proposed now to ofl'er.
The amendment was read for information.
Strike out all after " other person'' 111 the seventh
line and insert as follows:
" Acknowledging allegiance or owing obedience
'to the Government of the United States, who
'shall commit any overt act 111 contravention or
' mfiactiou of any treaty of the United States, or
' who shall disturb the peace of the United States
' or of said Indian tribes, and have such citizen or
' other person brought before him; and if, upon
' inquiry and full investigation, the superintendent
' shall be satisfied of the guiltofMjch offender,he-
' shall cause him t<3 be dehvengdW?® to tfte* .proper
' officer of the nearest courl'of record of the Uai-
' ted States, having criminal jurisdiotiota in the said
' Indian country, for trial before that fcourt; and
' such offender, if regutafly convicted upon pre-
' sentment or indictment duly found after trial by
'jury, shall be punished as for a misdemeanor:
' Provided, however, That the party accused shall,
' on such investigation before said superintendent,
' have the privilege of confronting his accusers and
' summoning and examining witnesses: Jlnd p-o-
' vided further, That the superintendent shall, in
' every case, report forthwith a full account of the
' facts and his proceedings to the Secretary of
'War."
Mr. S. then continued. It would have been
gratifying to his feelings (he said) if he could have
had an opportunity to complete the representation
of the views which he had on a former day in part
expressed on this general, subject. But he was
aware that any connexion between the two bills
would be somewhat forced and unnatural; and he
would not, therefore, indulge, in any such latitude
of debate. Ilis purpose was briefly to address his
observations to the bill before the committee, and
especially to the sixth section, as one of its most
objectionable features. To the general principle of
the bill he was not opposed; but many of its pro-
visions seemed to him to be very exceptionable.
The general object of the bill was to establish a
superintendent and agencies of Indian affairs west
of the Rocky Mountains; to clothe them with power
to preserve peace and cultivate friendly relations
with the Indians, in order to accomplish the pur-
poses of public policy which we desired to cifoct in
that region. The bill further provided for certain
gratuities and favors to the Indians, by way of con-
ciliating their friendship and obtaining an influence
amongst them.
He thought that the United States had hitherto
neglected too much this subject of Indian relations
west of the Rocky Mountains, It would have been
better if in time past measures had been adopted
to render these Indians friendly to our settlers.
Many of the difficulties-experienced by our citizens
who went to trade in that region had been the re-
sult of jealousy on the part of the Indians, and of
the powerful monopbiy of the Hudson Bay Com-
pany, which had- had the wisdom to see the im-
portance of securing an influence and obtaining
permanent control over these tribes, and had made
use of all means requisite to the attainment of that
end.
If it would have been wise in us to adopt these
measures some time since, it was still more clearly
the part of wisdom to adopt them now, when that
country was about to be permanently settled and
occupied by our own emigrants, who had gone to
make their homes there. We were called upon by
considerations of national honor to take measures
to protect these emigrants; and prominent among
these measures, was that which provided for the
maintenance of amicable relations with the Indians,
and for obtaining an influence and control over
them. Against the-general purposes of the bill,
therefore, he had no complaint to make; but he
must be permitted to say, that, in shaping their
legislation for the accomplishment of these great
ends, they should observe certain general princi-
ples, which they should be scrupulously careful not
to invade or disregard. Looking to the remote-
ness of this region of country, and to the impossi-
bility of foreseeing all the contingencies and exi-
gencies which might arise there, it was impracti-
cable to provide for all cases by special legisla-
tion. It was due to candor to say that it was
necessary to give to the agents who might be
selected a large discretion. But the very fact that
it was indispensably necessary, from the circum-
stances of the case and the character of the coun-
try, to delegate this discretion, rendered it doubly
incumbent upon Congress not ;to confer greater
power than was absolutely required. It was con-
trary to the spirit of our institutions; it was repug-
nant to the fundamental principles of liberty itself,
to confer wide and extended discretionary power,
| to be exercised at the will and pleasure of any ex-
j ecutive officer. Such powers, if conferred at all,
I must necessarily be left to the discretion of the
i executive agent; and that fact furnished one of the
' most conclusive reasons why the power should
i not exceed by one iota that winch was iiidispen-
' sable to the object to be attained.
