THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, APRIL 24, 1846.
New Series....No. 45.
Another principle to be held sacred was this:
that so long as there was a joint convention, or i
treaty, in relation to this territory with a foreign I
country, the faith of that treaty should be pre- |
served inviolate, and that they should be careful jj
that they did not by any legislation trench upon ji
its clear provision!?. Whatever might be the views t!
of different portions of the House in relation to !
the question of title, as to the course which it j-
would be proper to adopt after the termination of '
the convention, every American, every American i'1
Representative, having ut heart the honor of his ;
country, must be solicitous that there should be nn j1
violation of the faith of treaties, nor anything I
which even had the appearance of a violation or |
contravention of their provisions. |:
Now, it seemed to him demonstrable that nil i;
these great leadingprinciplcswhic.il ought to be j;
kept in view in legislating on this subject, were
clearly find palpably violated. Ho doubled not
that this sixth section had been reported without
due consideration and reflection on the part of ihe
committee. It was one of the most arbitrary and
oppressive enactments that had ever been passed in
any country. Its provisions would more appropri-
ately become the firman of a snltan, and would be
more properly executed by a bashaw, than dis-
grace the pages of American legislation, or be
carried into eii'eet by the niagislrates of a free coun-
try. The extent of ils powers was too great—
repugnant to the spirit of our institutions, to the
genius of freedom, and to the Constitution of the
union.
And first, in relation to the class of persons over
whom the provisions of this bill were to operate.
The section gave power to the superintendent over
" any citizen or other person," who shall send,
carry, or deliver any message, <&c. Now, under
these broad and comprehensive terms—" other per-
son?"—who might not be included? Was there
nota joint convention with Great Britain, by which
the rights of her subjects were as great and as
complete as the rights of our own citizens? Was
it not admitted on all sides that wo had no c.xrhi- h
eive sovereignty, no power to extend exclusive j
jurisdiction over the territory, so loin; as the joint ,
occupation remained? Ami yet by this neciion, '
under the term "other person," fern; person in i
that territory would now, whilxt this joint couven- i
tion was yet in existence, be liable to arrest mxl j
punishment at the will anil discretion of the kii(ht- j
mtendent; liable to arrest for doing probably dial i
very thing which he might have been ordered by >
the Government of which ho was a subject to do, ;
or by the Hudson Bay Company, of which he j
might he an agent or employee. |
Itseemed to him most extraordinary that, in rein- ;
tion to the whole series of Oregon bills, there should
have appeared to he a constant desire, not openly :
and diiectly, but covertly anil indirectly, to con- ;
travenc the provisions of this convention What- ;
ever their views on other questions might be, weiv i
they not bound to maintain the honor and i'ailh of i
the nation pledged by that convention > And he [
put it to every man within the sound of his voice ;
to say whether, if power was given over esciy i
citizen, " or other person," it did not cxprtssly t
o-ive to the superintendent the power over all lirit- j
ish subjects, even during the continuance ot the |
convention? Would gentlemen adopt this men*-;
ure in defiance of neaty stipulations, and of I ho
pledged faith of the nation ? Was that the doctrine t
to be inculcated here ? Was our honor thus to be ,
tarnished in the face of the world? lie trusted
that folly and madness would not thus rule, the 1
hour. Let the views of gentlemen be what they .
mio-ht; let a warlike spirit animate the hearts ot ,
members here, and impel them on to a collision ;
with a formidable foe; still they were Americans. ,
arid as'American Representatives, they would novel ;
enter upon a war at the expense of the nationaI ;
honor and under a gross violation of the faith of •
treaties. He trusted that all that was required was, ;
that it should be clearly shown that the bill 111, this ,
respect did violate the convention. If he could ,
succeed in demonstrating this truth, surely his ob- j
iect would be attained,and the bill.m this pauicu- i
45
lar, be amended. The words " other person,"
would embrace not only British subjects, but all
the Indians within the'territory, who might, under
the command of their chiefs, transmit intelligence
from one tribe to another. Could a more unheard-
of barbarity be contemplated ? The Roman Em-
peror whose name was held in execration for wri-
ting the laws in small characters and placing them
so high lip that they could not be read by the citi-
zens, was mcrciftd in comparison with an A merican
Congress, which would pass a law by which In-
dians, who nt'ver heard of law, were to be arrested
and punished for doing nothing else than commu-
nicating with another tribe. The title declared
the object of the bill to be to preserve peace and
cultivate friendship with the Indians. Was this
ihe way in which the object was to be attained ?
Could anything be better calculated to excite their
jealousy and ill will? or to goad them to wreak
their vengeance on the iniprntertrd settlers in that
far-ofl' region? lie wa* told, in extenuation of
, this provision, tha! a similar power was exercised
in some oftheacknowledged Stales and Territories
; of tlie'United Suites. But there was no analogy
' in the two cases; because, ill the other case, the
' tribes wcie within the undoubted limits of the
United States, surrounded and pressed upon at all
sides by the citizens and the jiower of the Union.
I They knew oui superior might; ihcy knew that
! they were jiowerlcMM to resust us, and that they
1 must submit to the seizure and (he punishment of
. their emissaries. But in iIiin distant territory,
where the tribes were more powerful, where they
1 knew nothing of our superior might, where they
' were hut unturned savages of the West, would
they not resent the outrages committed oil their
rights by the seizure and the punishment of their
! mcMHcngcis in this manucr? >Vas it possible for
j ingenuity to devise a better mode of in itating and
rendering tliem hostile? I.et one such act be com-
I milted, ami the whole tribe would he in arms.
! And if there exiMed any disposition on the pait of
, the Hudson Bay Company tocneourage unfriendly
i feelings on the part of the Indians towards us,
! what better plea could they desire, or what more
serviceable argument could they use? This was
plain and clear. It was no abstraction. And Mr.
S. here refuted the idea which had been thrown
out, (hat there was anything on the Kngljsh statute-
book coextensive with this bill as originally re-
ported, as amended, there might he; that oven
then, in ils practical operation, the bill would go
much farther than English legislation had gone,
lie would limit its operation to citizens of the
Uniied States, or to other jtersons in that territory,
who acknowledged allegiance, or owed obedience
lo the Government of (he United Stales; he would
embrace all persons who were tin re cither as
American eiti/eim, or persons m American settle-
men Is acknowledging allegiance to, as being within
the range of, American laws. The mischief would
lima be avoided, whilst at the same time all the
bene fits which we required might be accom-
plished,
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said, the question
simply was, whether power should he given to
arrest individuals who might excite the Indians to
murder our citizen* in that territory, or whether
it should be confined simply to eili/cns who owed
obedience to the laws of the United States.
Mr. SRDDON continued. Undoubtedly (he
siiid) he would so restrict the provision; undoubt-
edly he would exclude all Bntish subjects from
arrest during the continuance of the convention
for that or any other alleged offence; because there
wa  in that convention an express provision ex-
cluding us from the exercise of exclusive sover-
ci'mtv^ or jurisdiction. What right had we to
arrest a British subject there on the"ground that ho
was stirring up dissension, or attempting to inter-
rupt the puiee and tranquillity of the United States,
or of the Indian tribes? Let gentlemen bring the
matter home to their own feelings and sentiments.
Let au American citizen be arrested on the allega-
tion that he was carrying a message, or listening
to a talk, which, in the estimation of the Hudson
Bay Company, or one of its superintendents or
officers, was calculated to disturb the peace. Let
him be arrested and punished. What would be
the feeling of every American ? What would be
the feeling of every Representative on this floor, if,
during the continuance of the convention, we' were
to receive information of such an outrage ? W ould
he not feel called upon, by the most solemn obliga-
tion of duty to his country, and to the citizens
whom that country was bound to protect, not only
to feel the injury, but to resent it? The gentleman
himself [Mr. Jacob Thompson] was not willing
to give the right to punish a British subject. lie
says they must be discharged. But what right
was there to invest a British subject? If our juris-
diction did not extend so far as to the power* to
punish, by what right was he to be arrested ? Such
a thing might be done by mistake, when seeking
to arrest an American citizen; but if wilfully and
designedly done, knowing that we had no jurisdic-
tion, what was it but a gross violation of the con-
vention? What was it but a national Lynch law?
It had been said that the power of Judge Lynch
seemed about to be superseded on the east side of
the mountains. Did gentlemen contemplate the
removal of (lie jurisdiction of that illustrious ju-
rist westward of the mountains? Did they con-
template making him their superintendent of In-
dian Affairs ? Look at the indefinite character of
the powers tints bestowed. It would be power
enough to niitliori/e the superintendent to judge
wh.it would be an infraction of the treaty—or au
overt act—or a breieli of the peace. But to allow
him to penetrate the recesses of the human breast;
to decide on the secret intent of a messenger, was
''iving a powei very little short of that exercised
by RhadanuuHhus in the infernal regions. It was
aftogetlu-r repugnant to the genius of our institu-
tions and to the spirit of freedom. This he had
sought to remedy by the amendment.
lie came now to consider the objection to the
mode ofjudgnunt and of punishment. He was
happy to find that the views of gentlemen on all
sides accorded with his own on this point, and that
even the gentleman himself admitted that this pro-
vision could not he sustained. It was well it was
so, for the provision was in direct and palpable
violation of the express letter of the Constitution.
It gave to this superintendent, who was to be
clothed with powers that would disgrace a despot-
ism, the right to punish at his discretion, ana on
his own judgment of the intent. No trial by jury
was required—no indictment or presentment was to
befound. He would ask the Clerk to rend certain
clauses of the Constitution of the United States.
The Clerk rexul the following sections:
u The Ilia! of alt 'rune.-', except m eases of impeachment,
g|i:Ut lie byjuiy."
" No pe'rson *tmlt he held to answer for a capital, or other-
wise nithiU'ius crime, unlet,* on a presentment or indictment
of a eianil juri &.C., &c.
" In all crmiimil prosecutions the accused shall enjoy the
rii,'lit to n speedy unit public trial, by an impartial jury of
illp State ant! district wherein the crime shall have been
commuted, v\ hich district shall have been previously ascer-
tained by law; and to be informed ot the nature and cause
of the ue< nsjitioii; to lie confronted with the v.'iIne:^eB
against him ; and to have eompnlsoiy process lor obtaining
witnesses in his favor; and to have the assistance of coun-
sel lor hi.-, defence."
Such (Mr. S. continued) were the requisitions
of the, Constitution. This Oregon territory, it was
true, was a far-off country, but not too far to de-
mand our attention—to be kept within the pate of
the Constitution, or the operation of the funda-
mental laws of the land. Those laws would be
expressly violated by the provisions of this bill.
In conclusion, (said Mr. S.,) allow me, Mr.
Chairman, to say that, in my opinion, it would be
more advisable to strike out the whole section than
to attempt to amend it. The bill which we passed
the other day for the protection of American emi-
grants extends the laws and jurisdiction of the
courts of Iowa, as far as applicable, over the whole
territory west of the Stony Mountains, and ap-
points agents or superintendents to whom is en-
trusted their execution. The appointment of
other officers by this bill, and the enactment of
other legal provisions for the punishment of
offences, may produce serious confusion in the
