■m-
706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
execution and administration of laws under con-
flicting systems and with different sets of officers;
and especially as the ultimate authority which
might reconcile conflicts or settle differences must
be so remote. Understanding, however, that there
was an earnest wish on the part of many to retain
some of flie provisions of this section, I have con-
tented myself with endeavoring to remove its most
obnoxious features. I therefore only press my
proposed amendment, though 1 would prefer to
have the whole section stricken out.
Mr. THURMAN said it was not his intention
to inflict a long speech upon the committee, and he
should not trouble them with a single remark were
it not that he had yesterday submitted a substi-
tute for the section, and were it not that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Seddon]
was, in his opinion, objectionable.
The objections of the gentleman from Virginia
to this section were three: first, that it operates
upon British subjects and Indians; secondly, that
the offences of which it took cognizance were not
specifically and distinctly defined; and thirdly,
that the section provides an unconstitutional mode
of punishment. As to the latter objection, it seem-
ed to him that it was not necessary to discuss this
proposition at all, for he did not believe that one
was in favor of retaining this provision. He should,
therefore, pass it by.
Next, as to the objection that it was too vague
and uncertain: and to this point he wished to call
the attention of the gentleman from Virginia. The
gentleman sought to remedy this by an amend-
ment; and now, with great deference to that gen-
tleman, he undertook to assert that his amendment
was a thousand times more vague, more uncertain,
more indefensible, than was the section under con-
sideration in this particular. The object of the
amendment of the gentleman was to operate upon
any person who has committed an overt act to in-
fract a treaty to which the United States is a party,
or has committed a misdemeanor. But it leaves
entirely indefinite what is an overt act, and is liable
to the full force of the same objection which the
gentleman anticipates—that it places the law itself
m the breast of the judge. Mr. T. read, and com-
pared at some length, the provisions of the bill and
of the amendment, and presented, in various forms,
his objection to the amendment, that in like man-
ner, or to a greater degree, it was vague and indefi-
nite. The Constitution of the United States, the
English law, and the common law, defined partic-
ularly and dearly what constituted an overt act of
treason; but this amendment made no definition of
" overt" acts upon which it was to operate. In-
stead of remedying, it increased the difficulty.
The gentleman objected that the law proposed to
take cognizance of the intent. But this objection
might be brought against any law. In the case of
treason, it was the intent which constitutes the
offence; and so it was in the case of every offence.
Mr. SEDDON explained tliat his objection was
that the bill made the offence lie, not in the overt
act, but in the intent, and that it ought at least to
characterize in some way those acts upon which it
operated, so as to make them oveit acts from
which intention could be inferred.
Mr. THURMAN said the bill did characterize
them as specifically as it was possible to do, and
specified that it must be an act for the purpose of
infracting a treaty of the United States, or disturb-
ing the peace and tranquillity of the United States.
He further argued that it was the intent which
gave character to the act, and that of itself an act
might be innocent, when a criminal [intent would
make it criminal.
Some further conversation ensued between Mr.
SEDDON and Mr. THURMAN on this point.
Another objection (continued Mr. T.) was, that
this objection not only operated upon citizens of
the United States, but upon Indians and British
subjects. In his amendment, Mr. T. expressly
excluded Indians and the subjects of Great Britain
from the operation of this law—Indians forever,
and subjects of Great Britain during the continu-
ance of the convention. Perhaps the gentleman
and himself did not agree precisely upon this point,
however. He (Mr. T.) believed that Indians
ought to be excluded from the operation of this
law; that we ought not to punish them for offences
committed, and that the attempt (even if we had
the power) would be more likely to produce dis-
turbances and unhappy effects than to promote tlie
peace an$ tranquillity of the United States.
He was also opposed to punishing British sub-
jects by our tribunals during the existence of this
convention; but he was not in favor of limiting this
soction so as to prevent their being arrested. The
gentleman from Virginia said it, would be in viola-
tion of our treaty with Great Britain to arrest these
disturbers of the peace in case they were subjects
of Great Britain. Certainly there was nothing in
the treaty which in, express words prohibited us
from extending our laws over that territory. It
was his judgment that we could not make grants
of land in the Oregon territory under this conven-
tion. The treaty merely provided that this coun-
try should be free and open during its continuance
to the vessels, citizens, and subjects of the two
Powers. A grant of land conveyed exclusive pos-
session; therefore it withdraw, to the extent that
it went, so much land from the operation of the
convention. But he was not willing to go further,
and say that we can arrest no offender there at all.
The provision of the treaty was simply to leave
free and open the country to the vessels, citizens,
and subjects of the two Powers; and it has prop-
erly been termed a treaty of navigation and trade.
Now, pass this law, and would it prevent the law-
ful trader of Great Britain from exercising all the
privileges secured to him by this convention—from
navigating the waters and trading in this territory ?
He thought not. And he was not singular in this
opinion. The Senate thought so when they passed
what was known as Dr. Linn's bill, which, with-
out giving the notice, extended the jurisdiction of
our laws over that territory; and so thought the
House, or at least the Democratic parly of the
House, when, at the last session, the bill organi-
zing a Territorial Government over Oregon was re-
ported without the notice included, and wlien,
against the amendment to insert the notice, he be- r
lieved the great majority of the Democratic party I
voted. Under this law, then, none of the rights
and privileges of British subjects under the conven-
tion were taken away. He was not prepared to
say that we might not arrest, and punish them too,
by our tribunals; but he was not in favor of pun-
ishing them; he was in favor of arresting them, and
of handing them over to the proper British author-
ities to be tried. With such ail net on our part,
as well as the part of Great Britain, he compared
the principle and operation of this enactment to the
provision in the treaty of Washington for the de-
livery of fugitives from justice. So far from being
an act of hostility, it would be an effort oil tlie part
of both countries to prevent a disturbance of the
friendly relations between them.
Mr. T., in conclusion, sent up to the Clerk's ta-
ble, to be read, the substitute amendment of which
he had before given notice.
Mr. JENKINS said, that the laws of Iowa had
been extended over this territory by a bill which
had passed this House; and, therefore, no farther
legislation was necessary. If, therefore, it was in
order, he would move to strike out the 6th section. •
The CHAIRMAN said it was not m order now.
Mr. JENKINS (continuing) said, he was inter-
ested in the remarks of the honorable gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Sf-hdon] on this subject, and
he apprehended whenever we undertook to enlarge
the boundary of the common law and introduce a
new class of offences, wc should do it with great
caution. Upon looking into this bill they found
that it had been got up with that degree of haste,
and bearing such marks of carelessness, as to ren-
tier it unsafe to pass it. Whatever was contained
in it beyond the mere appointment of agents, in his
judgment, should be stricken therefrom. When the
bill they had sent to the Senate passed into a law,
there was law enough over that territory to punish
for all offences. All its other provisions were un-
necessary and inexpedient in every point of view,
and he hoped they would be stricken out, leaving
merely the clause providing for tlie appointment of
Indian agents ill that territory.
Mr. JilCOB THOMPSON should confine his ]
remarks to the merits of the bill, and a defence of I
its provisions. He was surprised that gentlemen 1
did not consider tlie circumstances under which it j
was reported. The intention of the bill was to ex- :
tend the Indian laws over Oregon, where there were ;
no laws of the United States now in force. Our 1
object was to cultivate peace and friendly relations ;
with the Indians. With that view, the President :
of the United States, during the last year, had ap-
pointed a special agent to proceed to Oregon. We
now found it necessary to extend this provision
for intercourse and regulation ,,,and to reduce it to
some order, that our settlements -n y; be protected
there.
The gentleman from New York'Said the bill
had ear-marks of evident haste, and that it had
been drawn with carelessness. Now, if the gen-
tleman had, looked at the Indian laws, he would
find it had been taken almost entire—with the
exception of one provision, and that was the
change of arrest from the military to the superin-
tendent—from those laws; and he thought the
haste and carelessness the gentleman would find
rested upon himself.
As to the next point—the matter of punishment.
He agreed, that if we had any tribunals there, he
would give no jurisdiction to the superintendent.
But in the absence of all judicial tribunals, what
should, be done? The citizens of Oregon lived
under such temporary and imperfect laws as they
agreed upon themselves. It was all lynch-law in
Oregon—the law of public opinion; and in the ab-
sence of all means of trial, it was certainly ail im-
provement on the present state of things to give
the jurisdiction to the superintendent, who,-after
trial, should report to the Secretary of War, he
having an eye all the time to the preservation of
the peace, welfare, and good relations of. our citi-
zens. But he presumed we should have the juris-
diction of tribunals extended over the territory; he
had therefore stricken oat this provision, so as to
give to the superintendent the power of arrest, and
then to deliver the person over to the proper tribu-
nals of the United States.
He agreed with a good deal the gentleman from,
Virginia had said, but he could not agree -that we
should change the law-, as it now stands on this
side of the mountains for the other^ side of the
mountains, and make a special exception in behalf
of the British subjects, for two reasons, and, lie
might add, a third: the first and greatest of which
was, that if we make an exception in behalf of '
British subjects, we do more than they ever have
proposed to do. And he insisted upon it, that if
a man was so reckless, so evilly-disposed, and so
fatally bent on mischief as to go among these Indians
with the intention of producing a warlike movement
on our settlements, the superintendent should arrest
him—not to punish him, but'to hand him over to
trial, as was provided in our Indian law. Give
him the power which the Hudson Bay Company
has, and 'would cxercise to-morrow,'and would the
gentleman from Virginia, or any other gentleman,
complain of their exercising that power over our
citizens who were found disturbing the peace of
the Indians and the whites in this manner ?
Mr. SEDDON repeated the statement of his po-
sition on this point.
The great object of the bill (continued Mr. T.)
was to preservtfpcace and tranquillity not only on
the part of the Indians towards - the whites, but
among themselves. Our relations to the Indians
imposed upon us this duty; we were bound to ex-
ert the strong arm of our laws among these ab-
original tribes, who were dependent on us.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Thompson, and decided in the affirmative. ,
So the amendment was agreed to. v ;
The question the'n being on the amendment of
Mr. Seddon, the vote was about to be taken, when
some delay arose for want of a quorum.
Mr. A. JOHNSON in the meantime addressed
some remarks to the committee. He agreed with
the gentleman from New \ork, [Mr. Jenkins,]
and was in favor of striking out the entire sixth
section, and other portions of the bill. If the bill
which they had sent to the Senate became a law,
the laws over that territory were ample. It was in
vain to attempt to patch up this bill. He would
not exactly (like the gentleman from New York)
attribute carelessness to the committee, or to its
chairman who reported the bill. He would be
more charitable, and say it was, perhaps, the best
the committee could do. For when they looked at
the structure, the formation, the malformation, of
the committees of this House, no man could ex-
pect anything perfect from them—for thatwhtchjs
mal in its origin, he thought, would be m«l hi its
effect. . .
He objected at some length to the provisions of
the sixtli section, as an unnecessary restriction of
j the freedom of speech and of the press. In case
; a man, who happened to be within the jurisdiction
' of this superintendent, happened to speak the dis-
j approval which he might entertain of a treaty, he
