1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
be sure to state what he knows, if he knows any-
thing to sustain him in his charge. Silence, under
such circumstances, is conclusive that he knows
nothing, because lie is under no obligation of se-
crecy, and, in absence of all other proof, he would
i.C0]UrSe J?® he knew, if he knew anything
which could m the slightest degree, bear hhn out.
1 he charge, therefore, was either made in utter
ignorance of any facts to support it, or else with
the Knowledge that the facts which do exist would,
it made known, entirely disprove it. As to the
source of this miserable vituperation; I have no-
thing to say. I am afraid I shall be thought to
nave paid too much attention to it already. ' Sir, I
ieave the author of these slanders where he is- I
leave him in the worst company I know of in the
world—1 leave him with himself.
Mr. JARNAGIN said, a somewhat similar reso-
lution, adopted by the House of Representatives,
having been responded to by the President, refus-
ing, on public grounds, to give the information
ttsked for, he was disposed to withdraw the reso-
lution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER observed that the
Senator from Tennessee could withdraw the re-
solution only by the unanimous consent of the
Senate.
Mr. JARNAGIN. I presume no Senator will
object. -
Mr. WESTCOTT. I object.
Mr. JARNAGIN. Very well; the Senate can
decide upon it then.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I object to the withdrawal
of this resolution, because I' desire the vote of the
Senate upon it by yeas and nays, as ft precedent. I
regard the principle involved in it ns highly im-
portant. I am opposed to its adoption, and 'hope
the Senate will reject it by a decisive voto,
What is the ease? Congress, in making the an-
nual appropriations for the contingent expenses of
our foreign intercourse, allows n fund of five thou-
sand dollars, commonly designated as " the aecivt-
service fund," to bo yearly expended by the Ex-
ecutive officers; and by the general act of May,
3810, the only voucher Ibr the disbursement of th'iN
fund, where the President, in hit' judgment, is of
opinion that the partinil.u s of the expenditure
should not bo made public, is (as is provided by
the aet) the certificate of the President of such dis-
bursement, without stating for what specific pur-
pose it is made, or to whom made.
Mr. W. said he believed all our Presidents have
_ caused to be used more or less of the secret-service
fund; and Mr. W. snid he would not under him-
self to doubt or suspect that every one of them had
not done so properly, judiciously, and especially
with the most patriotic motives. Mr. W. said lie
should feel ashamed of himself if he could be in-
duced to imagine that any American President had
been guilty of the slightest impropriety in the dis-
bursement of this fund. He trusted he never should
have so degraded a rule by which to judge his coun-
trymen, especially one elevated to the Presidency—
the first station in the world. He hoped the rule
by which he judged even those most opposed to
him in political opinion would always be more
elevated. Everybody knows that President Mad-
ison paid the notorious John Henry fitly thousand
dollars just tiefore the last war with Great Britain,
for secret information respecting the attempts of
the British Government to corrupt portions of
New England to British interests. Mr. Madison,
it is true, paid rather an exorbitant price for the
budget of trash he got from Henry, but ho did right
in buying it, and the country approved of his con-
duct in that respect. Mr. W. said, for hit. part, be
was of opinion that if this secret-service fund was
increased to double the amount now allowed, and
if every'cent of it was annually spent by the Presi-
dent, it would be money well laid out. for the coun-
try. To counteract the intrigues of foreign Courts,
to procure knowledge of those intrigues, which
might affect our interests and regulate the action of
our Government, the President should employ secret
agents, either citizens or foreigners, as circum-
stances should dictate to be most advisable, and
the only rule to regulate such employment should
be his opinion that it might probably be beneficial
to our country. -
Doubtless, very often such agents will render
but little service, and sometimes none; but this is
no answer to the arguments in favor of employing
them whenever the President has reason to believe
they may be beneficial. Our ambassadors abroad
are the last persons who can acquire such informa-
tion, unless they have secret agents. Mr. Pres-
ident, (said Mr, W.,) I said in the remarks I made
lost week on the Oregon question, that if our Gov-
ernment had years ago employed an agent to pro-
cure copies of the correspondence in 171)0 and '91,
between the British-and Spanish Ministers who
negotiated the Nootka Sound convention, it would,
I did not doubt, when published, shad hi>ht on the :
British claim to Oregon, and, indeed, that 1 sus-
pected it would of itself effectually crush that claim, i
Every one who knows anything about it, must 1
know that the employment o*{ secret agents in Mex- !
ico, in Cuba, and elsewhere, at th'is rrry lime, would
he highly judicious, and is, in fact, imperiously '
demanded by the interests of this Government.
Such course should be pursued forthwith. The -
Government would be remiss ami negligent if they ;
did not adopt such policy. Great Britain and other
Governments are active in this way. Why should
not we use the same weapons3 ;
Mr. W. s.iid he was highly "ratified with the .
message of ihe President m answer tn the resolu- j
tions of the House of Representatives, except in I
one particular. It seemed in him lhat the i'l'c.s- j
idem thought, by the manner in which he referred :
to the fact that none of the secret-service fund hail ,
been expended since his inauguration, that it wns i
creditable to the Admu isinition, iVlr, W. did not
regard this fact in that lieht hy any means. His
humble commendation would be more cheerfully
given for the judicious and beneficial expenditure
of the whole of it, as he (Mr. \V.) doubted not
could be done. It would show vigilance. Mi*.
W. said he did not believe the American people
would finil fault wnh such expenditure. Win",
sir, (said Mr. W.) do not we ail know that cveiy I
foreign (Jovei'min nt employs nenns of procuring [
information—find it necessary to do so ? Shall wc
deny oui^eUes such important lulvantatre in our
transactions nod intercourse with them ? They
trust their officers to employ scent agents. Why ■
should wc refuse to trust ours? Ar  they less
patriotic, or trustworthy.' Gm it he Hint repuh-
Iteati officers, elected by the people for their ubih- ;
ties ami patiioti-mi, tinted ns they .ihwiyx mic by ,
years ofserwee for theireoumry, are not as woi thy ;
of confidence as ihe of!i< ers of a inons ivhy ? ,
Now, (said IVlr.AV.,) what is the. resolution
under consideration? The Senate, it is proposed, ,
shall ask the President to inform it as lo how the
secret-service fund for a certain period has been
spent. The Senator who offered this resolution,
I am satisfied, has no idea that any impropriety
baa occurred as to its disbursement. I am con-
vinced be believes as I do not hesitate to declare
that t do; nay, as I deem it my duty to any, that
the imputations made against the late President and
the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts in
reference to the use of this fund improperly, whilst
the latter wns Secretary of State, are slanders of
the silliest and most pitiful character. Sir, (said
Mr. W.,) 1 will not, as a Senator, by any vote of
mine, permit any such fugacious scandal against
nnv high executive officer of my country, of any
political parly, and especially against a citizen who
stands as high before the world as docs the Sena-
tor assailed, and of whose, reputation and fame
abroad, (up]>oscd as 1 am to him in political opin-
ion on almost every subject of pnrty contest,) 1 us
ail American feel proud—1 stiy [ will not. consent
that such gossip shull be the foundation of a call
upon the President, or any action whatever of this
chamber.
I will not dignify such unworthy accusations by
any notice of them whatever. But this is not the
chief reason for my desire that this resolution may
bi' voted down by the Senate, tn stand as a prece-
dent. I Ic said he especially desired that President
Polk, and all future Presidents, may bo assured
that, as to the disbursement of this fund, the Ex-
ecutive acts upon his own responsibility, and is
not to he called to mi account: otherwise, the act
of Congress would be a dirty trap. Sir, it is a
pretty business if wc cannot repose sufficient con-
fidence in our Chief Magistrate—one who is ele-
vated to the highest station in the gift of the people
of these States by their (Yee suffrages—to entrust
him with the expenditure of the paltry sum of fifty
thousand dollars a year for his country in this
mode. Mr. W. said he felt humbled that he was
impelled by what he conceived to he his duty to
make these observations. He regarded the fair
fame of our distinguished public men as the prop-
erty of the country; we had received a rich heri-
tage from those who preceded us, and any man
who unjustly and causelessly assails the reputation
of such American, is no true friend of the people
I or their institutions.
! Mr. W. said that he held it to be important that
| the Executive branch of the Government should be
! satisfied that full confidence is and will be reposed
[ in it, as to the fidelity with which this fund may
; be disbursed—as to the discretion which will be
exereised; and that it will be protected by Congress
] and by the people from scandalous imputations, so
easily made in regard to it; and that it may not ie
deterred from its judicious and patriotic ttse, by any
apprehensions of popular suspicion improperly excited,
or popular clamor gotten up for other than patriotic
objects.
Tile distinction which the resolution makes be-
tween the disclosure of foreigners' names and the
names of citizens employed as agents, Mr. W. said
he regarded as untenable. All should be protected
from exposure, or else we may not procure the in-
formation they disclose, or obtain the services they
render. But he was opposed to the resolution on
the general grounds he had stated, it was scarcely
necessary, he said, for him to remark, that he could
safely vouch that no knowledge was had by the
distinguished and worthy functionary at the head
I of the State Department, or by the faithful officer
I next to him, of any disclosure of documents in their
| care, to justify the. call proposed. He felt assured
j of this from their high character. He hoped the
I resolution would be rejected at once.
1 Mr. AlANGlflVI siud he most heartily concurred
, m the sentiments expressed by the Senator from
' Kloiida. lie hoped the vote would be taken, and,
when taken, that the resolution would be rejected
by the unanimous vote of the Senate. -He thought
the President, in his message, had done all that
was incumbent upon him in the performance of his
duty. Ii afforded him pleasure always to approve
of the course of the Chief Magistrate of his coun-
try. lie took it for granted that the President
would always act, in reference lo the small amount
of' money devoted to secret service, ill a manner
consistent with honor and integrity. He would
not for a moment admit a Mippwsition of the re-
verse; ami no pi orient or wanton curiosity should
be indulged in looking into this matter. lie hoped
that the vote of the body would be unanimous for
the rejection of the resolution, on the ground that
the inquiry was in itself improper.
Mr. JARNAGIN hoped he might be indulged
in a single remark. This resolution", although he
had had' the honor of submitting it, was not so
much a favorite with him that he should be dissat-
isfied with a refusal on the part of the Senate to
adopt it. It had for some time past been lying
upon the table at his own instance, and for rea-
sons satisfactory to himself, and, he had no doubt,
perfectly obvious to the Senate. Since he had
seen the President's message in answer to a reso-
lution of the other House, lie was perfectly satis-
fied with the reasons therein assigned; and he would
say further, that he heartily approved of the argu-
ments mid principles therein laid down; and 110
one would vote more heartily in favor of those
principles than he would do by voting against his
own resolution, as leave to withdraw it had been
refused.
Mr. BItEESE said he. did not know what object
could be attained by taking a direct vote upon this
resolution. He would, therefore, move that it be
laid on the table.
Mr. ALLEN said he should without hesitation
vote against the passage of the resolution, and he
would do so oil the ground that an inquiry of this
kind could never be justified except upon the alle-
gation of the existence of abuses or improper con-
duct on the part of public, men, and with a view to
base an impeachment upon those allegations or
charges. Besides, the Senate of the United States
was not the body whose duty it was to originate
impeachments; it was the body that was appoint-
ed by the Constitution to try charges when made,
but not to make them. And even if there were,
therefore, allegations concerning any public officer
upon which it was intended to base an impeach-
ment, he would still, upon these grounds, vote
against the resolution.
The motion to lay the resolution upon the table
was negatived; and the question being upon its
adoption, the yeas and nays were ordered, and,
being taken, resulted as follows:
