710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
YEA—Mr. Turner—1.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien. Archer, A-liley, Atchison, Ath-
erton, Ba?by, lidirow, P.e.iton, 1S( niesi, Calhoun,
Thonnw Clayton, John M. Oiayf'm, Colquitt, Corwm. Da-
vis, Dickinson, Blx, Evans, Fairlield, Greene, H'i}"wo<xl,
Houston, Huntingto-n, Jtnn;^«, Jotm^on of Uiuw-
ana, Lewis, McDuffic, Mimgnm, Miller. Moivhead, Ml".,
Pearee, Peunvbacker, Phelp.', ^; vier, Simmons, Speight,
Uphain, Webster, Westeott, and YVuodlMidge— i-t.
So the resolution was rejecSed.
CLAIMS FOR FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTOjNT moved to postpone the
prior orders, and talc« up the bill to make indem-
nities for French spoliations prior to 1800.
Mr. BENTON hoped the Senator would par-
don him for objecting to the motion; but the true
course was to proceed with the calendar in its reg-
ular order. Besides, there were two bills that had
been introduced by himself for the relief of very
praisewoi thy widows, both of which had prece-
dence of the bill of the Senator from Delaware,
and one of which was among the first on the
docket.
Mr. CLAYTON expressed the hope that the
Senator would not object to the motion. His was
a hill where hundreds of widows and orphans
were interested; and besides, he (Mr. C.) would
be very willing to go with the Senator from Mis-
souri in support of his widows, arid he trusted
that the Senator would agree to permit the bill to
be taken up. The consideration of the bill had
been delayed, because he was aware that it would
elicit a discussion, which could not be gone into
while the notice resolutions were under considera-
tion. Six weeks ago, he had given notice of his
intention to call up this bill as soon as those reso-
lutions were disposed of. He hoped it would now
be taken up as the special order.
Mr. BENTON. I siirreiidet, sir; I surrender.
The gentleman car. make his bill the special order.
The question was taken on Mr. Clayton's mo-
tion, and decided m the affirmative.
Mr. CLAYTON then rose and said it would be
necessary to go somewhat at length into the his-
tory of the facts and circumstances, out of which
the claims presented in this bill had grown. He
claimed for himself perfect disinterestedness in
standing forward as the advocate of the hill. His
State also was in no degree interested in its fate.
He was no advocate of it from the fact that.con-
stituents and friends were urging him, but on ac-
count of its clear and abstract justice. During a
long professional career, he had been in the habit
of examining questions of a judicial character, and
lie had ne^er met with a ca>e the evidence in favor
of which was more satisfactory than m this.
The bill proposes that a sum not exceeding live
millions of dollars shall he distributed among the
claimants for spoliations prior to July, 1S0J. It
was not necessary to state the real amount of these
claims, which far exceeded the maximum of five
millions appropriated by this bill, which merely
contemplated a pro rata distribution, as far as that
sum would go.
In the former discussions of this bill, many to-
pics had been introduced which were entirely un-
necessary, and the only effect of which was to
cncumber and mystify it. Objections had been
started on the supposition that some of these claim-
ants had been already paid under the treaties of
1803 and 1831. But he proceeded to show that
neither the treaty of Louisiana nor the treaty of
Paris had touched these claims. If any of the
claimants had applied under these treaties, their
claims had not been allowed; and there was a pro-
vision in this bill which expressly provided that
no claims paid under these conventions should be
allowed.
It had also been objected that many of these
claims were in the hands of.speculators; that many
of the claimants having died, their claims had
passed into the hands of others. The objection
had been answered in a report made in the other
House, which contained the signatures of many of
the original claimants. These claims had not be-
come the subjects of speculation from the simple
fact that they are of too little and too uncertain
value in the market, to induce speculators to med-
dle with them. And, on this point also, the bill
was specific, as it provided that no more should
be paid to any individual than a pro rata compen-
sation for the actual amount which he had paid for j
the claim. These claims had stood over until many
I"® °?1Slnal claimants had sunk into their graves,
and their property had fallen into the hands of their
j widows or executors; and others of them had been
| operated on by the bankruptcy and insolvency laws,
| because many had been ruined by the delay in
i doing them justice.
! The last objection which he would notice in this
preliminary view, was, that these claims had be-
come stale and antiquated; that it was impossible
that Congress would have suffered forty-five years
i to elapse without paying these claimants, if, in
j fact, they were justly entitled to payment. He
I would reply to this objection, by going into the
! history of their origin, and he would satisfy the
j Senate that this objection also was without force.
! Mr. C. went into an elaborate historical view of
the elforts which had been made from time to time
to obtain the favorable action of Congress on these
claims. Twenty-five reports had been made by
committees of Congress, out of which twenty-two
were tavorable, and these were not all the reports
of select committees. The three adverse reports
were from committees composed of individuals
who had no opportunity of examining into the
justice of the claims. Fifteen bills had been re-
ported. The Senate had twice passed bills on the
evidence before them—once in 1835, by a vote of
25 to 20; and again, during the last Congress, by
a vote of 2(i to ]5. The House of Representatives
could never be brought to a direct vote on these
bills, having never gone into the merits of the
claims; and he challenged gentlemen to show from
the records that this was not the fact. The condi-
tion of the country, embarrassed by debt, from
time to time, had delayed any action on these
claims until, at length, they came to be denounced
as stale and antiquated.
Mr. CLAYTON continued his remarks until three
o'clock, by giving a history of the transactions out
of which the claims grew, when he gave way,
without concluding, for a motion to adjourn.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 22, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER announced the special order of
the day to be the bill in relation to the Smithsonian
Institution.
Mr. OWEN moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
[Jnion; which motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER invited to the chair
Mr. Seaborn Jones, who excused himself on
the ground that he had but a limited acquaintance
with the members.
Mr. Burt having then been addressed by the
Speaker, accepted the invitation.
Whereupon the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the stale of the Union,
(Mr. Burt, of South Carolina, in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the hill entitled "A
bill to establish the Smithsonian Institution for the
increase and diffusion of knowledge among men."
The bill having been read through, was taken
up by sections.
And the first section being under consideration,
in the words following-—
Whereas James Smithson, Esquire, of London, m the king-
dom of Gieat Britain, by liirf la^t will and totainent, did
give the whole of his property to the United States of
America, to found at Washington, under the name of the
Smithsonian Institution, an establishment for the increase
and diffusion of knowledge among men ; and whereas
Confess have heretofore received said piaperty and ac-
cepted j-aid trust: therefore, that the same maybe exe-
cuted in good faith, and according to the will of the liberal
and enlightened donoi,
(iBe it enacted by the Seiirdc and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jimcrica in Conqress assembled, That
so much of the propeity of the said James Smithson as has
been received m money, and paid into the treasury of the
United States, beine the sum of five hundred and fifteen
thousand one hundred and siuy-nine dollars, be lent to the
United Suites tieasuiy, at m\ pti centum per annum inter-
est, from the fir.vt day of Septembei, in the year one thou-
sand eight hundred and thiity-eisrht, when the same was re-
ceived into the said treasury; and that so much of the inter-
est as may have accrued on s-aid sum on the first day of July
next, which will amount to the turn of two hundred and
forty-two thousand one hundred and twenty-nine dollars, or
so much theieofas shall by the hoard of manager* of the in-
stitution established by thi* act he deemed necessary, be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated for the erection of
suitable buildings, the enclosing and preparing of suitable
grounds, and fnt other cunent incidental expenses of the
said institution; and that six per cent, interest on the said
truit fund, it being the said amount of five hundred and fif-
teen thousand one hundred and sixty-nine dollars, received
into the United States treasury on the first of September, one
thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, payable in half-
yearly payments, on the first of January and July m each
year, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated for the per-
petual maintenance and support of said institution; and all
expenditures and appropriations to be made, from time to
time, to the purposes of the institution aforesaid, shall be
exclusively from the accruing interest, and not from the
principal of the satd fund.
Jind be it f urtker enacted, That all the moneys and stocks
which have been, or may hereafter be, received into the
treasury of the United States, on account of the fund be-
queathed by James Smithson, be, and the same hereby are
pledged to refund to the treasury of the United States the
sums hereby appropriated.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved that the said section
be stricken out,
Mr. OWEN said: We have been unfortunate,
in this country, in the administration-of legacies
bequeathed by benevolent men for the improve-
ment of our race. Of the noble Girard fund, three
quarters of a million of dollars are lost forever,
and though half a generation has passed away since
the eccentric Philadelphia^ died, not one child has
yet reaped the benefit of his munificent bequest.
A temple has indeed arisen that ou-tshines Greece
and her Parthenon; its sumptuous Corinthian pil-
lars, each one costing a sum that .would have en-
dowed a professorship, arc the admiration of be-
holders and the boast of the Quaker city; but years
must yet elapse before the first son of indigence
can ascend the steps of that princely portico, and
sit down within those marble halls, to receive the
education for which its simple and unostentatious
founder sought to provide.
Yet it is not for us of this National Legislature
to arraign, as dilatory, the corporation of Philadel-
phia. It is sixteen years since James Smithson
died, leaving to the United States the reveision of
more than half a million of dollars, to found, in
this District, an institution " for the increase and
diffusion of knowledge among men." It will be
ten years, on the 1st of July next, since this Gov-
ernment solemnly accepted the trust created by
Mr. Smithson rs will. Itwill.be eight years next
September since the money was obtained from the
English Court of Chancery and paid into the
Treasury of the United States. -And yet, though
distinguished men have moved in this matter,
though projects have been brought forward and
discussed in Congress, there has, till this day, been
no Anal action; the first human being has yet to
receive the benefit of the Smithsonian bequest; the
corner stone of the first building has yet to be laid,
in fulfilment of the intentions of the-philanthropic
testator.
Small encouragement is there, in such tardiness
as this, to others, as wealthy and as liberal as
Smithson and Girard, to follow their noble exam-
ple ! Small encouragement to such men, to entrust
to our care bequests for human improvement ?
Due diligence is one of the duties of a faithful
trustee. Has Congress, in its conduct of this
sacred trusteeship, used due diligence? Have its
members realized, in the depths of their hearts, its
duties and their urgent importance? Or has not
the language of our legislative action -rather been
but this r " The Smithsonian fund? Ah, true-!
That's well thought of. One forgets these small
matters. We ought certainly to attend to it-—one.
of these days, if we could only find-time." We -
are as the guests,, in the parable, bidden to-the.
marriage feast. " I have married a wife, and
therefore I cannot come." " JLhave bought a yoke
of oxen, and must needs remain at home to prove
them." Let us see to it, that the condemnation
passed upon their paltry cxcuses fall not, with
double force, upon our supineness in this thing.
There are those, among the strict construction-
ists of the House, who will vote, to return this
fund to the British Court of Chancery; alleging
that we have no constitutional power to receive or
to administer it. I suppose, judging from the
tenor of the amendment moved by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. G. W. Jones,] that he will
so vote.
Mr. JONES. I certainly shall.
Mr. OWEN. Well, sir, though I share not the
gentleman's constitutional scruples, yet I, too, if
action in this matter be much longer delayed, shall
join in the vote to send back the money to the
country whence it came. There is not common
honesty in the man who shall receive a trust tlmd
even for an object the most indifferent, and thep
keep the money in his hands, without applying U
according to the will of the legator. What, then,
