1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
shall we say of a great Government, that accepts,
solemnly accepts, before God and man, a bequest
for a purpose sacred and holy, if any such purpose
there be upon earth; and then, indolent or indiffer-
ent, so braves the. just censure of the world, so
disappoints the generous confidence reposed in it,
as to neglect and postpone, year after year, every
measure for the administration of that bequest?
Delay is denial. We have no more right to put
off, throughout long years, the appropriation of
such-a fund, than we have to direct it to our own
private purposes. Nonuse works forfeiture as
surely as misuse. Mr. Richard 'Rush, through
whose dgeficy the fund was realized and remitted
to this countiy, in a paper read two years ago, be-
fore the National Institute, remarks, that if this
delay of action had been anticipated by the Eng-
lish chancery judges, it "might have forestalled
the decree in our favor, in the unrestricted manner
in which it was made." He adds: " It is at least
' known, that the English Court of Chancery is
' slow to part with trust-funds under any ordinary
' circumstances, without full security that they will !
'not be diverted from their object, or suffered to
' languish in ncglecl. That tribunal asked no such
' security from the United States. It would have
' implied the possibility of laches in the high trus-
' tee."—Paper read April 8,-1844.
Thus we are not legally accountable. The
heavier, for that very reason, is our moral respon-
sibility. The gambler, beyond the pale of the
law, commonly retains honor enough to meet his
promises. We have less than the gambler's honor
if, sheltered behind our sovereignty, we take ad-
vantage of the impunity it affords, and bccome un-
faithful to a high and imperative duty.
I impute not to an American Congress—I attrib-
ute not to any of my fellow members—the delib-
erate intention to neglect the objects of this trust,
There is, doubtless there always has been, n right,
feeling on the subject. The just cause of com-
plaint^, that this'ri^ht feeling, like many other
good intentions in this world, has never ripened
into action. " When you feel nobly and intend
well, go and do something! Do some good; it
avails nothing merely to think about it." Hitch
were the words, pronounced ftoni yonder desk, by
a teacher whose impressive eloquence recently
filled this hall. I thought of the Nmithsonian be-
quest when I heard them.
Nor is it difficult to distinguish the reason, though
it furnished no sufficient apology for this prolonged
inaction. It is to bo ascribed, though ill part to in-
diiferenpe, yet chiefly to the difficulty or selecting
between various and conflicting plans. The words
of the will, liberal and comprehensive, do not in-
dicate the specific mode in which the intentions of
the testator-shall be carried into effect. Mr. Smith-
son left the whole of his properly, failing certain
relatives,"and an old servant, (now all deceased,)
"to the United States of America; to kih>nd, at
' Washington, under the name of the Smithsonian
' Institution, ant estabubiimknt kor tub wciu-.ask
' and dim'usion of knowledge amun<j men."
"An institution for the increase anil diffusion of
knowledge among men." These are the words,
and the only words, that remain to us as a guide
in framing a Smithsonian bill; our sole guide; un-
less, indeed, we are to summon, as a commentary
on the text of the will, and an additional indication
qf the probable intentions of Mr. Smithson, such
particulars as have reached us touching his private
character and habits. These are very scanty. Mr.
Rush says;
"What I have heard and may confide in, amount- tothis:
that lie was, in fact, the uatiuol soil of the Duke of North-
umberland ; Unit his mother was a Mrs. Made, of an ancient
finmiyiu Wiltshire, of the name of Hungcrford; that he was
educated at Oxtiird, where he took mi honorary desreo in
1786; that he does not appear to have had any lixfui home,
living in lodgings while in London, and occasionally ,-i,ij uir
a year or two at a time in cities on the eontini-m, as i'am,
Berlin Florence, Genoa, at which last he died; and that the
ample provision made for him by the Unite of Northumber-
land, with retired and .simple habits, enabled liim to ru-cu -
mutate the fortune cinch now passes to the United States."
—Report 277 If. R. 26th Cong, 1st Sess. j>, 99.
Mr. Rush further says:
« He interested himself httlo in questions of Government,
being devoted to science, and chiefly chemistry. 1
introduced him to the society of Cavendish, VVollastoti, and
others advantageously known to the lloyal Society m Lon-
don, of which lie was a member."—M-
In a "Memoir of the Scientific Character and Re-
searches of James Smithson," prepared two years
ago by Professor Johnson, of Philadelphia, there
are enumerated twenty-four papers or treatises by
Smithson, published m the "Transactions of the
Royal Society," and other scientific journals of the
day, containing contributions chiefly to the sciences
of mineralogy, geology, and, more especially, min-
eral chemistry. Some of these contain acute sug-
gestions regarding geological theories, since con-
firmed by more modern observation; others evincc
the minute care and accuracy demanded by quan-
titative analysis; while one or two, of a more hum-
ble character, show that the man of science dis-
dained not to apply his knowledge to common
things, even lo the details of domestic economy.
In the " Annals of Philosophy," (vol. xxii, p. 30,)
he has a brief tract on the " method of making
coffee," ltcontains the following excellent obser-
vation :
" In all cases means of economy tend to augment and dif-
fuse comfort and happitio". They brine witinn the reach
of the many what wasteful proceeding confines to tile few.
Hy diminishing expenditure on one amele, tiiev allow of
some other enjoyment which was before unattainable."
Kven in a trifle like this we may trace tho utili-
tarian simplicity and practical benevolence of James
Smithson.
' The will determines the name of the institution,
and renders imjicrntWc its location at Washington.
It decides, also, that a Smithsonian institution shall
have two distinct ohjeeN; one to increase the sum
of human knowledge, the other to aid in its diffu-
sion; for We cannot imnsine the terms to have been
employed'as synonymous, l-'rom the character of
the testator's pursuits, we may fairly infer, further,
that n Smithsonian bill, framed in accordance with
the evident, intentions of Smitlison himself, must
include the natural sciences, ami especially chemis-
try, logelher with their application to the useful
arts of life, amoutr the branehes of knowledge to
be iuercuscd and diffused. And, ns his own habits
were fnurnl mid unostentatious, so, in all its details,
should be the institution thnt licnrs his name.
Suffer me now briefly to puss in review the his-
tory of our legislative, proceedings in this matter.
'i'he money was paid into thelJnited States treas-
ury on the 1st of .September, 1K18. On the fithof
December, of the same year. President Van Biiren
sent n messairo to Congress, informing that bod)-,
that he luul, in July, lS.'ls', directed the Secretory
of Slate " to apply to persons versed in science
' and familiar with the subject of public education,
' tis to the mode of disposing of the fund best cal-
' ciliated to meet the intentions of the testator, and
' prove most beneficial to mankind.
From the wording of this message we may infer
thnt, Mr. Van Bun-n considered the advancement
of science and of public edmaiian the proper object
of n Smithsonian Institution.
He communicated to Congress the replies re-
ceived. A brief abstract of the more important of
these may be useful and interesting at this time.
Professor Wayland proposed a university of a
high grade, to tench Latin, Greek, Hebrew, and
the Oriental languages, together with a long list of
other branches, including rhetoric and poetry, in-
tellectual philosophy, the law of nations, iSc. A
bill substantially bused upon this recommendation
was introduced, in 1839, into the Senate; and, on
the 25th of February of that year, after full de-
bate, was laid on the table hy a vote of twenty to
fifteen.
Dr. Cooper proposed a university, to be opened
only to graduates of other colleges, to teacn the
higher branches of mathematics,"including its ap-
plication to astronomy, chemistry, &c,; also, the
principles of botany and agriculture. No Latin
oi Greek; no mere literature; no medicine or law.
The above recommendations in regard to botany
and agriculture, and also those "excluding the
learned languages and professions, have been
adopted in the present Smithsonian bill.
Mr. Richard Rush proposed a building, with
grounds attached, sufficient to reproduce seeds and
plants for distribution; a press to print lectures,'
&C.; courses of lectures on the leading branches
of physical and moral science, and on government
and public law; the salaries to be ample enough to
command the best men, and admit of the exclusive'
devotion of their time to the studies and investiga-
tions of their posts; the lectures, when delivered,
to be the property of the Institution for publica-
tion. Most of these recommendations are adopted
in tho bill before you. Mr. Rush also made the
excellent suggestion, that consulsand other United
States officers might greatly aid the Institution by
collecting and sending home useful information
and valuable specimens from abroad.
The venerable gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] who has labored in this good cause
with more zeal and perseverance than any other
man, expressed, in his reply, the opinion, that no
part of the ftmd should be devoted " to the endow-
ment of any school, college, university, or ecclesi-
astical establishment;" and he proposed to employ
seven years' income of the fund in the establishment
of an observatory, with instruments and a small
library. This proposal was afterwards, at no less
than four different sessions, incorporated ill a bill;
but failed > on these occasions, among the unfinished
business. I believe I am authorized in saying for
the gentleman from Massachusetts, that, inasmuch
as these, his intentions, have been since otherwise
carried out, and as wc have already, in this District,
a Government Observatory, at least equal in every-
thing but the experience of its observors to the Royal
Observatory at Greenwich, he has ceased to press
that proposal.
Though the plan actually proposed by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts was restricted, for some
years, to an observatory, he yet recognised, as in
accordance with the language of the bequest, " the
improvement of all the arts and sciences." In a
report made in 1840, he adds:
" A botanical garden, a cabinet of natural history, a mu-
seum of mineralogy, eonchology, or geology, a general
accumulating library, are undoubtedly included within the
comprehensive grasn of Mr. Smitllson's design."—J/. JR.
lirport, ATo. 277, adth CVnR'., ls( scss., p. 18.
These various objects are all embraced in the bill
which has been reported to the House. The gen-
tleman also recommended, that the original fund
(it is about §515,000) be preserved unimpaired,
and that yearly appropriations be made from the
accruing income only, (which will amount, on the
first of July next, to about $242,000;) a feature
which has been incorporated, I believe, in every
Smithsonian bill heretofore submitted to Congress.
Tho restrictions suggested by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, have been so far retained in the
present bill as to exclude from the institution "any
< school of law, medicine, or divinity, or any pro-
' fossorship of ancient languages."
At the last session, a bill was introduced into the
other branch by Senator Tappan. Its plan inclu-
ded an experimental farm, botanical garden, and
conservatories; cabinets of natural his.tory, a chem-
ical laboratory, a library with an annual appropri-
ation not exceeding five thousand dollars, scientific
lectureships, and an establishment for printing sci-
entific tracts and other useful treatises. Allinstruc-
tion to bo gratuitous.
This bill was subsequently so amended by the
Senate, that the lectures were restricted to a course
or courses to be delivered during the session of
Congress, at an expense not exceeding five thou-
sand" dollars annually; and the printing, to a pub-
lication of these lectures; while the annual ap-
propriation for « library was to be " not less than
twenty thousand dollars."
The experimental farm, botanical garden, and
conservatories, as well as the museum, laboratory,
and scientific cabinets, were nominally retained:
but how these were to be supported, considering
that at least two-thirds of the entire income was
annually to be spent on the library, does not very
clearly appear.
This library plan, as it was commonly called,
passed the Senate and reached our House. An
amendment or substitute, nearly similar to tho pres-
ent bill, was submitted by myself and printed; but,
in the hurry of a short session, the whole matter
was left once more among the unfinished business.
As this Senate bill is the only one, establishing a
Smithsonian Institution, that has yet passed either
branch of Congress, its principal feature demands
our deliberate and respectful consideration.
The library contemplated by this bill, it was ex-
pressly provided, was to be " of the largest class
of libraries now in the world." We shall better
understand both the object and the cost of this pro-
posal, by taking as a commentary thereon some of
the remarks with which it was introduced by its
author*, then a-distinguished member of the other
branch, but no longer there to adorn its debates
with the gay flowers of his brilliant eloquence,
He objected to limiting the cost of the library
building to one hundred thousand dollars; seeing,
as he reminded the Senate, that the "largest class"
of public libraries contain from a quarter of a mil-
