712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22^
lion to upwards of half a million of volumes. He
said:
" Twenty thousand dollars a j eat for twenty-five years are
live hundred thousand dollars ; and five hundred tbou-aud
dollars directly expended, not by a bibliomaniac, but by a
man of sense and leading, thoroughly instructed in bibli-
ography, would go f.ir. very far, towaids the purchase of as
jrood a library as Europe can boast."—Spcech oj Senator
Ckoiite, .Tamuiry &, 1845.
He adds, a little further on, that " such a step
taken, we sh mild never leave the work unfinished; '
and that when finished, it would " rival anything
civilization has ever had to show."
He argues of the value and importance of such
a library after this wise:
I do not know, that of nil the printed books in the world,
we have, in this country, more than fifty thousand dilierent
works. The consequence has been felt and lamented by ail
out authors and all our scholars. It has been often said that
Gibbon's History could not have been written here for want
of b iok ■. I suppo-ie that Haliam's Middle Ages, and his In-
troduction to the Literature of Europe, could not. living's
Columbus was wntten in Spain; Wlieaton'sNoithmen pie-
pared tobewiitten in Copenhagen. See how this inade-
quate suppiv operates An American mind kindles v\ilh a
subject; it enters 011 an investigation with a spirit and abil-
ity woi thy of the most splendid achievement; goes a little
way, finds that a do/.en books—one book, perhaps—is indis-
pensable, which cannot be found this side of Gottingen or
Oxford; it tires of the puisuit or abandons it altogether,"
&c.
And the Senator branches off, in his own bril-
liant style, into a dissertation on the value and im-
portance of such a library: "a vast store-house,"
says he; "a vast treasury of all the facts which
make up the history of man and of nature;" * *
" a silent, yet wise and eloquent teacher; dead, yet
speaking; not dead! for Milton has told us: ' a
good book is not absolutely a dead thing—the pre-
cious life-blood, rather, of "a master spirit; a sea-
soned life of man, embalmed and treasured up on
purpose to a life beyond life.' "
If the question were between a library and no
library; between books and no books; the lan-
guage thus employed, fervid as it is, would be all
insufficient to shadow forth the towering magni-
tude of the subject. John Faust—if, indeed, to
the goldsmith of Mentz the world owe the art of
type-setting—conferred on his race a greater boon
than ever before did living man. There is no com-
parison to be made between the effects of the art
of printing and those of any other discovery put
forth by human wit. . There is nothing to which
to liken it. It was a general gaol-delivery of the
thoughts of the world. It was a sending forth of
these winged messengers, hitherto bound down
each in his own narrow sphere, emancipated, over
the earth. And that was the great day, not of In-
tellect only, but of Freedom also. Then was
struck the heaviest blow against law-giving for the
mind. The Strombolean Cave was opened; the
long-pent winds of opinion set free; and no edict-
framing yEolus ceuld crib and confine them to
their prison-house again.
Yes ! well might Faust incur the charge of de-
monocracy ! for, almost to the letter, has his won-
drous craft realized, in our day, the fables of east-
ern romance. Draw a chair before your library,
and yon have obtained the magical carpet of the
Arabian tale; you are transported, at a wish, far-
ther than to Africa's deserts or India's groves; not
to other climes only, but to other times also. The
speaking page introduces you, not to your cotcm-
poraries"alone, but to your ancestors, through cen-
turies past. The best and the wisest of former
generations are summoned to your presence. In
books exists the by-gone world. By books we
come into contact with the mankind of former ages.
By books we travel among ancient nations, visit
tribes long since extinct, and are made familiar
with manners, that have yielded, centuries ago, to
the innovating influence of time. Contracted, in-
deed, is his mental horizon, limited his sphere of I
comparison, whose fancy lias never lived among j
the sages and the heroes of the olden time, to j
listen to their teachings, and to learn from their j
achievements. j
As far as the farthest, then, will I go, in his esti- ;
mate of the blessings which the art of printing has i
conferred upon man. But such reasoning, bears '
not on the proposal embraced in the Senate bill, j
It substantiates not at all the propriety of spend- i
ing half a million, or two, or three half millions of
dollars, to rival the bibliomaniacs of Paris and of ;
Munich. i
A library of Congress we already have; a library !
of forty or fifty thousand volumes; a library in-
ci easing at the rate of one or two thousand volumes j
a year. The Smithsonian bill before you permits,
m addition, an expenditure not exceeding ten thou-
sand dollarsayear for this object. Say that but half
that sum is annually expended by the managers; and
still, in some twelve or fifteen years, the two libra-
ries will probably number from eighty to a hun-
dred thousand volumes. Are there a hundred
thousand volumes in the world worth reading ? I
doubt it much. Are there four thousand volumes
published yearly worth buying? I do not believe
there are. A small garner suffices to store the
wheat; it is the chaff that is bulky and fills up the
store-liouse. Books are like wealth. An income
we must have to live; a certain amount of income
to live in comfort. Beyond a certain income llie
power of wealth to purchase comfort, or even
wholesome luxury, ceases altogether. How much
more of true comfort is there in a fortune of a mil-
lion of dollars than in one of fifty, or say a hun-
dred thousand' If more there be, the excess is j
hardly appreciable; the burden and the cares of
the millionaire outweigh it tenfold. And so, also,
of these vast and bloated book-gatherings, that
sleep m dust and cobwebs, on the library shelves
of European monarchies. Up to a judicious selec-
tion of thirty, filty, a hundred thousand volumes,
if you will, how vast—yea, how priceless—is the
intellectual wealth ! From one to five hundred
thousand, what do we gain? Nothing? That
would not bo true; a goblet emptied into the Pa-
cific adds to the mass of its waters. But if, within
these limits, we set down one book out of a hun-'
dred as worth the money it costs, we are assuredly
making too libera! an estimate.
1 pray you, sir, not to stretch these strictures be-
yond their precise application. Iam not one of
those who judge slightingly the learning of the
past. We find shining forth from the dark mass
of ancient literature, gems of rare beauty and
value; unequalled, even to-day, in puiity and
truth. But, then, also, what clouds of idle verbi-
age! What loads of ostentatious technicalities!
It is but of lale years that even the disciple of sci- I
ence has deigned to simplify and translate; former-
ly his great object seems to have been to obscure
and mystify. The satirist, in sketching an indi-
vidual variety, has aptly described the species,
when he says:
" The wise men of En'ypt were secret as dummies,
And even when tht-y most condescended to teach,
They packed up their meaning, a- they did their mummies,
In so mauy wrapper-, 'twas out of one's reach."
But there are such noble enterprises as those of
Gibbon and Hallam; valuable to all; doubly valua- !
ble to the moralist and the statesman. And in re-
gard to such it is argued that if one of our own
scholars, fired with generous ambition to rival the
historians of the Old World, enters on such a task,
he may find that a dozen, or perhaps a single book,
necessary for reference, " cannot be found this side
of Gottingen or Oxford." Suppose he does, what
is the remedy? A very simple one suggests itself:
that he should order, through an importer of for-
eign books, the particular work which he lacks.
To save him the trouble and expense of so doing,
the friends of the mammoth library scheme pro-
pose—what? That we should begin by expend-
ing half a million of dollars, which would " go far
towards the purchase of as good a library as Europe !
can boast;'' that " such a slep taken, we should i
never leave the work unfinished;'' and that, when I
finished, it would rival anything civilization has
ever had to show." j
It is prudent, before we enter on this rnalship,
to count its cost. Without seeking to reach the
seven hundred thousand volumes of the Parisian
library, let us suppose that we try for the half mil-
lion of volumes that form the boast of Munich, or
fill up the shelves of the Bodleian. Our librarian
informs me that the present Congressional library \
(certainly not or.e of the most expensive) has cost j
upwards of three dollars a volume; its binding alone !
has averaged over a dollar a volume. The same j
works could be purchased now, it ia true, much j
moie cheaply; but, on the other hand, the rare old I
books and curious manuscripts necessary to com- j
plete a library of tlie largest class would raise the j
average. Assuming, then, the above rate, a rival j
of the Munich library would cost us a million and .
a half of dollars ; its binding alone would amount to j
a sum equal to the entire Smithsonian fund, as ■.
originally remitted to us from England. j
And thus, not only the entire legacy which we
have promised to expend, so that it shall increase |
and diffuse knowledge among men, is to be squan-
dered in this idle and bootless rivalry, but thou-
sands on thousands must be added to finish the
work, from what source to be derived, let its advo-
cates inform us. And when we have spent thrice
the amount of Smithson's original bequest 011 the
project, we shall have the satisfaction of believing
that we may possibly have saved to some worthy
scholar a hundred, or perchance a few hundred
dollars, which otherwise he must have spent to
obtain from Europe half a dozen valuable works
of reference!
But there are other reasons urged for this appro?
priation of the Smithsonian fund."
" There is something to point to, if you should be asked to
aceount for it unexpectedly; and something to point to if 3,
traveller should taunt you with the collections which he has
seen abroad, and which gild and recommend the absolu-
tisms of Viennaor St.Petersburg."—Senator Ghoate's Speech,
as above.
This purchasing of a reply to some silly travel* ■
ler's idle taunts, at a cost of a million and a half of
dollars, including a fund sacredly pledged to hu-
man improvement, seems to me a somewhat costly
and unscrupulous mode of gratifying national van-
ity. It is ineffectual, too; unless we are prepared
to add a few millions more, to buy up—if money -
could buy !—the means of reply to other taunts,
quite as just and quite as likely to be cast up to us.
There is the Vatican, with its
" Statues but known from-shapes of the earth,
By being too lovely formortal birth." .
There is the Florence Gallery, with its
" Paintings, whose colors of life weie caught
From the fairy tints in the rainbow wrought—"
images of beauty, living conceptions of grandeur,
refining, cultivating, elevating; worth all the musty
manuscripts of Oxford, ten times told! How are
we to escape the imputation that our rude land can
show no such triumphs of art as these? Are we to
follow Bonaparte's plan? Are we to carry war
into tlie land of the olive and the vine; and enrich
this city, as the French Emperor did his capital,
with the artistical spoils of the world ? Unless we
adopt some such plan, must not Europe's taunts-
remain unanswered still?
And let them so remain ! I share n,ot the feel-
ings of the learned and eloquent Senator to whose
remarks I have taken liberty to reply, when he
" I confess to a pang of envy and grief, that "there should
be one drop or one morsel more of the bread'or water of in-
tellectual life tasted by the European than by the Aineiican.
mind. Why should not the soul of this country eat as good
food, and as* much of it, as the soul of Europe ?"
It grieves me not, that the fantastic taste of some
epicure in learning may chance to find, on the book-
shelves of Paris, some literary morsel of choice
and ancient flavor, such as our own metropolis
supplies not. I feel no envy, if we republicans
are outdone by luxurious Europe in some liigh-
seasoned delicacy of the pampered soul. Enough
have we to console ourselves!—objects of national
ambition, how much higher, how infinitely nobler
than these!—objects of national pride, befbre which
these petty antiquarian triumphs dwarf down into
utter insignificancy!' Look abroad ovei; our far-
spreading land, then glanee across to the monar-
chies of the Old World, and say, if I speak riot •
truth! ■ '
I have sojourned among the laborers of England;
I have visited, amid their vineyards, the peasantry'
of France; I have dwelt for years in the midst of
the hardy mountaineers of Switzerland. I have
seen, and conversed, and sat down in their cottages
with them all. I have found often among them
simple goodness: ignorance, oppression, cannot
trample out that. I have witnessed patience under
hopeless toil, resignation beneath grievous wrongs;
I have met with civility, kindness, a cheerful smile,
and a ready welcome. But the spirit of the man
was not there!—the spirit that can lift up its brow
with a noble confidence, and feel that, while it is
110 man's master, neither is it any man's slave. Be-
tween them and the favored of capricious fortune,
one felt—they felt—there was a great gulf fixed,
broad, impassable.
Far other is it even in the lowliest cabin of our
frontier West. It is an equal you meet there; an
equal in political rights; One to whom honors and
office, even the highest, are as open as to yourself.
You feel that it is an equal. The tone in which hos-
pitality is tendered to you, humble though means
and forms may be, reminds you of it. The con-
versation, running over the great subjects of the
