1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
713
day, branching off, perhaps, to questions of consti-
tutional right., or international law, assures vou
of it. J
I have heard in many a backwoods cabin, lighted
but by the blazing log heap, arguments on govern-
men t views of natipnal policy, judgments of men
ana things, that; for sound sense and practical
wisdom, would not disgrace any legislative bodv
upon earth.
And sliall we grudge to Europe her antiquarian
lore, her cumbrous folios, her illuminated manu-
scripts, the chaff of learned dulness that cumbers
her old library shelves? A " pang of envy and
grief ' shall we feel ? Out upon it! Men have we;
a people; a free people; self-respecting, self-govern-
ing; that which gold cannot buy; that which kings
cannot make! Grief! Envy! Theirs let it be,
who look upon this young land, in her freshness,
in her strength! Let them feel it who behold,
from afar, our people bravely battling their onward
way; treading, with liberty at their side, the path
of progressive improvement; each step upward
and onward; onward to the great goal of public
virtue and social equality.
Equality! I spoke of our citizens as equals;
equals ill the sense of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence; equals in political privilege; in the legal
right to the pursuit of happiness. Equals, iti a
restricted sense of the term, men never can be.
The power of intellect will command, while the
world endures; the influence of cultivation will be
felt, while men continue to live upon earth; and felt
the more, the longer the world improves, the better
men become. Unequal, then, in their influence
over their fellows; unequal, in the space they fill
in the world's thoughts; unequal, in the power
with which they draw after them the hearts of
many—thus unequal, to some extent, men must
ever be.
But here wises a great question; a practical ques-
tion; an inquiry especially pertinent to the subject
before us. The natural inequality of man is a
thousand times increased by artificial inlltmnre
throughout society. Is that well ? Or if not well,
can it be avoided? Or if not avoided, can it be
lessened ? I feel assured that it can be much les-
sened. I am not sanguine enough to believe that
I—perhaps not my children, even—shall see the
day, when equality of education shall prevail, even
in this republican land. But 1 hold it to be a re-
publican obligation to do all that wo properly and
constitutionally may, in order gradually to reach,
or at least to approach, that period. I hold it to
be a democratic duty to elevate, to the utmost of
our ability, the character of our common school
instruction. I hold this to be tt fur higher and
holier duty than to give additional depth to learned
studies, or supply curious authorities to antiqua-
rian research.
Guided by such considerations, I incorporated
in the bill before you, as one of its principal fea-
tures, a nokmai. branch. This, and the clause
providing for original researches in natural science,
are the only important additions that have been
made in it to Senator Tappan's bill of last session.
Normal schools—that is, schools to teach teach-
ers, to instruct in the science of instruction—are an
improvement of comparatively modem date. The
first ever attempted seems to have been in Prussia,
established about the year 1704, by Franko, the
celebrated founder of the Orphan House of Htillc.
They have gradually increased in number and fa-
vor from that day to this, in all the more civilized
nations of Europe; and Mrs. Austin, in her preface
to Cousin's " Public Instruction in Prussia," re-
marks, that the progress of primary instruction in
Europe may be measured by the jrrovision made for
the education qf teachers.
A detailed account of the Normal Schools of
Europe is given in the ninth chapter of Professor
Bache's " Report on Education in Europe," made
to the Trustees of the Girard College. Mr. Bache
visited Europe under instructions from the com-
mittee of the Institution; and his excellent report,
full of practical details and accurate statistics, is a
redeeming point in the management of that trust.
Two States only of our Union have yet estab-
lished State Normal Schools: Massachusetts and
New York. Massachusetts has three, educating
in all about two hundred pupils; and New York
has one, containing about the same number of stu-
dents- the sole object of both being, to educate teach-
trs of common schools. The experiment has been
signally successful. The report for 1844 of the
Massachusetts Board of Education, says of one of
their schools, (that at Lexington):
" S[lch *s reputation of this school, that applications
have been made to it from seven of our gistcr States lor
teachers."
And Mr. Horace Mann, Secretary of the Mas-
sachusetts Board of Education, writes to me:
" When first opened in Massachusetts, Normal schools
wore an experiment in this country. Like uil new idoaH,
they have had to encounter serious obstacles; but they
have triumphed over every species of opposition, have com-
mended themselves, morn and more every year, to the good
sense of our people, and we now have the plea mrr,iiotonly
of seeing them firmly established here, but of knowing that
their smu-cc&h hiw given birth to a similar mutilation in the
Statu of New York, ami promises, ere long, to do the same
in other States."
_ The Normal branch of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion is intended not by any means to take the place
of State Norma! schools, but only in aid of tliem;
as an institution in the same department, supple-
mental to these, as they may gradually increase
throughout the Union, but of a higher grade, and
prepared to carry forward young persons who may
nave passed through tin* courses given in the for-
mer, or others who desire to perfect themselves in
the most useful of all modern sciences, the humble
yet world-subduing science of primary education;
an institution, also, m which the improvement and
perfecting of that republican science shall be a pe-
culiar object; an institution, finally, where we may
hope to find trained, competent, and enlightened
teachers for these State Normal schools.
As an essential portion of this Normal depart-
ment, professorships of the more useful arts and
sciences are to be provided for. The character of
common school education, especially in the north-
ern Atlantic States, is gradually changing. Twenty
years ago, Do Wut Clinton, in his annual message,
expressed the opinion that in our common schools
44 tnc outlines of geography* algebra, mineralogy,
ugricuUuial chemistry, iwclmnical philosophy, as-
tronomy, &c,, might be communicated by able pre-
ceptors, without essential interference with the cads
of domestic industry." Thin opinion is daily gain-
ing strength, and has been partially acted upon in
several of the New Knglnnd State*. In the city of
New York, also, a small advance towards it has
been already made. Recently the hoard of trustees
of the public schools in that city, adopted, among
other resolutions, the following:
44 lit solved^ That a portion of time not excced-
4 ing one hour a week be appropriated to employ-
' ments incident to elementary instruction in sub-
jects of natural scicnce."
In accordance with these gradually enlarging
views, the course of study of the New York State
Normal School, as 1 learn by the printed circular
which 1 hold in my hand, embraces natural phi-
losophy, chemistry, human physiology, history,
the elements of astronomy, «&r., in addition to the
special lectures on the theory and practice of teach-
ing. These various advances, thus sanctioned
by public opinion, indicate that a Normal Depart-
ment in the Smithsonian Institution, to be worthy
of the aire, must include scientific courses by some
of the ablest men of the day.
It is also, by the bill, specially made a part of the
duty of these men to institute scientific researches,
in these, as we have seen, Smithsou spent the
greater part, of his life. And it cannot be doubted
that, were he yet nli\e and here to-day to explain
his wishes, original researches in the exact sciences
would be declared by him a part of his plan.
With the knowledge of his life and favorite pur-
suits before us, and the words of his will specify-
ing the increase as well as the diffusion of knowl-
edge for our guide, it seems nothing less than an
imperative duty to include scientific research among
the objects of a Smithsonian Institution.
I said an imperative duty. Such is the nature
of our obligation to fulfil whatever we may fairly
infer to have been SitmUson's intentions?. This
money is not ours; if it were, we might take coun-
sel iVom our own wishes and fancies, in its appro-
priation. But it is merely intrusted to us, and for
a specific purpose. Mr. Adamf, in his report made
in 1840, well says;
«In the commission of every trust there is an implied
tribute of the soul !<> the integrity and intelligence M the
trustee; ami there is> a!*o an implied call for the faithful ex-
ercise of the.«e properti'v* to the fttftiiment of the purpose of
the trunt. The uilmie and Uic call acquire additional force
and energy when five trust iti committed for performance
after the Seeease « f htm by whom it i* granted, when be no
longer exUta to witness or to constrain the effective fulfil-
ment of Jus dcaiga."
And these considerations seem to me, also, con-
clusive against the great library plan. In the first
place, Smithgon's own pursuits were scientific, not
antiquarian. In the second, had he desired merely
to found a library, it is reasonable to suppose he
would have said so.
The bill, as reported to the House, has been
framed in that spirit of compromise so necessary
in this world of a thousand opinions. The im-
portance of the chief objects at which it aims will
be conceded by all—the advancement of agricul-
ture, the improvement of primary education, and
the prosecution of scientific research. And if even,
jj in its practical effects, the plan fall short of the an-'
ji ticipatione of its friends, suffer me to ask you,
j: what is the alternative in the Senate bill of last
ij year, the only one that has yet found favor enough
|j to succced in either branch? Beyond the library
ir scheme and the professorship of agriculture, (a
| j feature equally in that bill and this,) what is pro-
jj posed? Public lectures, to be delivered in this
! j city 44 during the sessions of Congress." Who is
j j to profit by these lectures ? Let the author of the
jj plan answer:
| j * ' Who would their audiences be ? Members of Congress,
'' with their families ; members of the Government, with theirs,
' I some inhabitants of Uiw city, some few strangers, who ocoa-
i j Kionally honor us with visits of curiosity or business. They
i would be public men, of mature years and imnds; educated,
i j disciplined, to fonic degree ; of iiheral curiosity, aud apure-
j| emtion of generous and various knowledge."—Speech of
| j Senator OiiQatef as above.
J' Here is a plan for gratuitous lectures to be de-
f! livcred to members of Congress and of the Gov-
j ernment, with their families; to some citizens of
: Washington, and a few passing strangers; to men
.' —so it is expressed—educated, disciplined; already
i! capable of "appreciating generous and various
'' knowledge.n And this, as the mode the most ef-
fectual, the most comprehensive, the most just and
,j equal, to increase and diffuse knowledge among
. i men! We are to pass by all plans that may reach
: \ and benefit the people, by improving their educa-
i: tion and elevating the character of their teachers;
i"all proposals, even, to scatter broadcast among
them useful tracts, popular treatises: all projects,
I m short, to distribute among them the bread and
, water of intellectual life wherever these are craved;
i; and we are to adopt, in their stead, a course oflcc-
j tures expressly restricted to the sessions of Con-
gress, expressly prepared for ourselves and for a
few Government officers and strangers; a course
of lectures to be especially adapted to an audience
already favored by fortune and education—already,
as we are complacently- told, of mature minds and
above all need of elementary instruction!
Sir, over the entire land must the rills from this
sacred fountain freely flow; not to be arrested and
walled up here, to minister to our pleasure or con-
venience. We greatly mistake, if we. imagine that
our constituents are indifferent to the privilege of
drawing from these waters of knowledge; that they
cannot appreciate their fertilizing influence, if
there be one feeling more powerful than another
in the hearts of the millions of this land, even
through its remotest forests, it is, that the intel-
lectual cultivation which circumstances may have
denied to them shall be secured to their children.
They value, sometimes even beyond their worth, the
literary advantages, by aid of which the few com-
monly distance their competitors in the paths of
emolument and honor. Ay, and beyond this, they
feel—do we not all feel ?—that we are not in temper,
in habits, in feelings, or in intelligence, what-we
ought to be, or what we might have been : that
our nature was better than our education. They
feel—has not the most careless among us felt it
, too?—that there are springs of virtue within us
i that have seldom been touched; generous aspirings
; that have scarcely been called into action'/capabili-
ties of improvement that have hardly been awaken-
ed; capabilities of enjoyment that have been turned
to fountains of bitterness. If we might now re-
educate ourselves even from the cradle upwards,
developing each mental power and moral faculty,
checking the rising vice and cultivating the nascent
virtue; bending the pliant habit to reason, and
mastering the evil passion at its birth—how gladly
would we grasp at the offer 1 how dearly^"value
the privilege,! And what selfishness would do for
itself, think you not that parental affection desires
for its offspring? Yes, vice itself desires it!
Stronger than the thirst after riches; deeper than
the craving for power, springing from the best and
most enduring of human instincts, is the parent's
