1846.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and proper appreciation of that character, that the
testator left his money to be applied to such objects.
JJid he intend to establish a university? No. Did
ne intend to establish a magnificent library > No
He knew that the world Was full of musty compi-
lations, of the productions of learned authors, to be
wondered at more for their extent than for their
usefulness.. He (Mr. M.) was not among the num-
ber.ol those who wished to depreciate tlie learning
treasured up for ages, past by the book-makers and
book-collectors of all nations; but he proposed to
ofier to the consideration of the committee a sub-
stitute, which, he thought, would remove some of
the constitutional objections raised against the bill,
and which would, in his judgment, meet the inten-
tion of the donor.
He did not wish, however, to interfere with the
progress of this bill. He concurred m the opinion
which had been expressed, that it was a crime, a
burning sin, that this nation should have held this
money for ten years, in violation of a solemn trust,
and m violation of the solemn obligations imposed
upon every man who, at this bar, had taken the
oath to support the Constitution and to act for the
best interests of the people. It was in violation of
.that spirit which ever ought to actuate the Ameri-
can nation, to be the recipient of this munificent
sum, and yet to suffer the people—the masses,
the oi poUui—to be so long deprived of any ben-
efit from it. But if thefo was strength enough in
the House to pass the bill, he hud no particular
pride in taking another course, lie should, thcie-
forc, submit .his proposition at the proper time,
leaving the committee to act upon it as it might
think proper.
The substitute of which Mr. M. gave notice is
in the following words:
A BILL to establish the Bniithsoniun fr^tirution for the <  in-
ch'cim:; and (hilu.-aon of knowledge among men."
Whereas James SiMitlnon, Kyquire, of London, in tlio
Kmgtfom of Great Huiimi, Ui& will and testameiU did
{live, the whole of his property to the 1 Jmted Suu t>of Amer-
ica, to found, nt Wu-Uiin^iou, uudei the name of the ttimtlt-
Ionian Institution, an establishment for thf increase ami
diffusion of UuowUmI^' among num; tmd wlu:rais ttio cu-
atiow of a university, aemli'my,or e<tlle« MH hublx to cmMi-
tulionaljSiHieulties, wceiiomd jealou-mx, ami would nb.Mirb
a lai'{,'C propyl lum of tin; funds in the ereciion of ImihhngJ,
and would mou: or lesi nitrvlere with tin* mimerotiN iimtitti-
tums Uuou-jhout oui eoiuiliy; and Willi a \ u-\v of miiymg
one, in the Minplufi lonn, Uie henexoleui itimiUotu o{'ihc i
d'looi" j
He it ctiiuicd by the, Snude uiitl House of Hrprrsnita- !
tives oj the United States of *f.intent a in (j
That the inimiunuout lU' ilu* fund rdmll he cntuiMled ton ,
hoard of manager, to he styled (he Trustees of the Smith- j
! oimtn Lesley, to he composed of the 1'resideni mid Vice '
Fie idi'iitot the United States, the Chh'f Jiihtiec, dmuu* j
tin'lime for yhieh lht*y shall hold their respoenve oJil< en, !
the heads of the diit'erenf. department-, the fort iori num- ■
teis, the Mayor of the city of Washington, member of
the Seriate mi4 House of Uepi' :tu(ut<itivt s, toother wnu !
seven other person^ two of whom !-hail he members of J
the National institute, and resident in the eit> of Wsu.li- i
jngton, and the other five thereof shall Ihi liiimbitMiiia ;
of .State?;, and no two of them of the name butts'. \
And the managers to be selected as aforesjud from (-'on- ;
gross shall be appointed immediately after the pu^^e of j
thU n<.t— the member* of the Senate by the President ilu^e- ,
of, and the member* of the llouxe by the Speaker tlieieoi; '
aud tho.-e appointed shall mmvc until the fourth W edne^- ;
day of December the seeond inwuurer the p.i^uge of tmn li
aet; and then, and hienuiaUy tlteienfter, on every idteraate ;
fourth Wednesday of jJceomber, a like nutntx r shall he ap- i |
pointed in the smuu manner, to serve until the louith Wed- , j
nesdav of December the seeond sueeeedmg lime appoint- ''
iwnt; and tliey shall al*o constitute and be denominated a ,!
joint ftanthng committee of Ltongros on the Simthhoniau in- !;
stitutiou ; and vueancii's oee,ironed In disath, tcsigmiunu, or <|
otherwise, >iiall be tilled a* vacancies in eommilt -es aiu !j
filled; and the othoi *evon mana^eis afoicfitid shall seivv ,j
for the term of two \ ears trom the fourth WedmMdii) 01 l)e- i
eemboi next after the pa-sage of thi.s net? when,"and on !J
every alternate fourth Wednesday of December theieaher,;t
new election tnereof j-JiaH lie made by joint le^olution of :
Congress; and vacancies oecswoncd by death, ie>ii.'nal)on,
or otheiwiaC, may be tilled in like manner, by joint resoitt. I
tton of Congre&K. And the said mami^ers siiail me« t and '
organize, by the ehoieo of a president, in the city ol V\a>Ji-
iiigbm, on the ihvt Monday in Hepteinlx'r n< \t aft<-i the [\
passage of this aet, and ttioy shall then fix on the timc^ for ' j
reffular meetings of the board; and on appiieuiitm of any ,
tlneo of the maiuigeift to tJie supeimtendent of Uie haul in- ;;
stitution, it shall bo Ins duty to appoint a speeial meeting oi ! [
the board, of which he sliaii give notiee by letter to each o( . |
the members; and at any meeting or the board of managers, : i
rive {shall constitute a quorum to do busim ss. And each !,
ineniher of the board of managers shail bo paid Ins nece.ssaty ij
tra\ elling and other actual expenses in. attending meetings ;!
ot the board, wlneh shall be audited and leoorded by the j.
superintendent of the institution; but his service as maua- M
irer shall be aiatuitous. And .whenever money id required .;
for the payment of the debts or performance of tho contracts 11
of the institution, incurred or entered into in conformity i j
with the piovisions of this act, or for making the purchases (}
and executing the objects authorized by this act, the super- j!
intendeut or the mauagets, or any three thereof, may certify j!
to the President of the board that such sum of money is. re- 11
719
i r^u.ponj },e s*iaIi the same to a commit-
tee of three ot the managers, appointed for that purpose, lor
examination and approval; and upon such examination and
approval, he shall certify the same to the proper officer of
the treasury for payment. And the said board shall make
all needful rules, regulation*, and by-laws, for the govern-
ment of the institution and the persons employed therein,
and shall submit to Congress, at each ses-ion thereof, a re-
port of the operations, expenditures, and condition of the
institution.
And he it further enactei, That, so soon as the board of
maimgers shall be legularly and legally organized, it shall
be their duty to cause to be published, for Uie space of one
year, in such of the moj-t widely circulated newspapers in
tni; united States and m Kurope, (is they may deem best,
the otter of. suitable rewards or prize.-, for the bent written
e*say on ten subjects, the most praetieal and useful winch
the majority of said board shall determine u|ion. And
when, niter u dec-wion upon the relative merits of the differ-
ent essays, they determine to which the prize shall be
awarded on the several subjects, it shall be their duty to
have as many copies of each of the essays printed as they
may deem bc,t, to lie distributed to the Governors of the
several States; to the several incorporated literary univer-
sities; to -a,-h European in-ututlons as they may choose;
and the balance to be disfnhuted tlnoitshout the IJniled
suites, by the member-, of Congress, thus fulfilling, m the
letter and ,-pirit, the wise, aud comprehensive mtenrions
of the donor for the increase and diffusion of knowledge
among men.
Mr. OWEN desired to say a few words in re-
ply to tlie gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Marsh,]
attu the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Mousk.]
Tlie gentleman from Louisiana had already given i
the most important item in reply to the gentleman !
fiom Vermont—namely, that we Imd "no right to i
run counter to what jniylit clearly seem tone the i
intention of Mr, SmilliKon. Tins fund was not'
ours; it was intrusted to us for a special purpose;!
and unless we could believe that he would doshe' ,
if living, the eslalilislinient of a library, the money ■
ought not to he so appropriated. i
This bill had heeii framed in a.spirit of conipro-1
mise. The original Senate hill of the last session i
appropriated ^5,00(1 for this object. The genile-i
man from Vermont, Mr. U. believed, proposed j
twenty thousand. The lull proposed a medium— !
a sum not exceeding ten thousand dollars, lie ;
hoped the House would not go further. j\ gen- !
tlenian who had tornierly been librarian of (ion-j
gress, in conversation with him, had said that, he !
thought it was impracticable to purchase, with ad-:
vantage, moie than ion thousand dollars' worth of j
hooks. Tlie duty must be intnisted to one agent, |
to prevent the purchase of duplicates; and no one '
agent e.ottld purchase, advaniagcously more than
this amount; so that there was a practtctd dilliculty
ill the way.
In relation to the course suggested by the gentle-
man from Louisiana, [Mr, M'ottsu,] the same plan
had occurred to Doctor Cooper, of South Carolina,
but had been rejected by him. [Mr. 0. here read
an extract in support of this assertion.]
As to a cheap publication branch, he would re-
mind the committee that we already had one. In
looking over the periodicals of the day, it did not j
appear that the prize essats were the best; the vol-1
unlary essays seemed lo he so. We should find :
plenty of treatises of a most useful character, with-
out paying a dollar for them. The mere gi'alilica- *
tioi) of having them published would he inducement
Kulliciuiit to enable us to obtain them.
The gentleman said that there should be no lab-
oratory; thai it was not the design of Mr. Snnth-
s""- Tl>u faet. that Mr. Snuthson spent half of
his life in a Inboitttory seemed to refute this objec-
Uon«
There was little m the hill of an impemtivo char-
ac.ler in relation to all these various branches. Its
phraseology was "may." If, therefore, it waa
discovered that one branch would be more bene-
ficial than another, there was the power to adopt
it. There was nothing at all binding about it.
i\lr. CI 11PMAK spoke, urgently m opposition !'
to the bill. His first reason for voting (as he said I!
he intended to do) against it was based on a fact!
that was irrevocable—namely, that this Govern-
ment, groat and powerful as it, was—prospering
and progressing as il was in original native inteP
loot, fostered by institutions known to no other
country, and no other people—should have con-
sented to be the recipient of what was called here
a munificent donation of half a million from an
Englishman to enlightened American republicans
in Uiis country. How did it happen that this Gov-
ernment accepted such a boon from a foreigner—
an Englishman, too. He looked upon it as a stain
on the history of the < ountr'y, as an insult to the
American nation. He wished this Government to
wash its hands of all such eleemosynary dealings.
There was a native stock in this country, intellec-
tual and physical, that needed no foreign aid, and
he trusted in God it would not condescend to re-
ceive any.
In making these remarks, he would probably be
charged with being opposed to education. He
was opposed to it in the light in which, in modem
times, it was sought to be inculcated in this coun-
try—an education which passed over all thought,
all reflection, all originality, and was based upon
an intellectual lumber-house of undigested and in-
digestible matter; thrown together in the head of
some aspirant after immortal intellectual fame,
without originality enough to give character, he
would not say to what—he hail a term, but proba-
bly it might be inappropriate for him to utter it
Iicre.^ How the donor of this money, being an
Englishman, came to love this country so well,
God only knew; but he (Mr. C.) would say that
in yielding to his suggestion, the country had hum-
bled and degraded itself.
He objected to the bill, because, clearly and in
terms, it established a corporation. He appealed
to his political friends, after all their opposition,
after all their arguments, after all their efforts to
put down a United States bank on the ground of its
unconstitutionality, whether —tickled, amused,
their pride touched by the great advantages of dis-
pelling the cloud of ignorance which overshadowed
the American Republic—they would now belie all
their principles and all their professions? What
distinction was there between a corporation in the
form of a United States bank and a corporation
intended to elevate humanity in close approx-
imation to the throne of Heaven ? He appealed io
his friends here—to those who held their seats by
virtue of the very opposition they had made to the
Hank of the United States—whether this Govern-
ment had the power to create u corporation ? The
rose by any other name, Ac., and a corporation by
any other name, should be as offensive to the De-
mocracy. Was it necessary to label the animal,
that we might know to what species it belonged,
as was done in the case of the Dutchman's picture
of a man with the horse, where the name was put
upon it, that the beholder might know what it
way He declared that the bill proposed the es-
tablishment of one of the most withering and dead-
ly corporations, cairymg with it all the"features of
an aristocracy the most offensive that could be es-
tablished in any country under heaven. He was
opposed to an aristocracy of wealth; but he was
in favor of an aristocracy of intellect—not of false
education—not of knowledge that consisted' in
bringing together exploded ideas—but of that
knowledge which was tlie offspring of an intellect
patented directly by the Almighty.
Mr. C. then proceeded to state some general ob-
jections to the bill, diverging considerably into the
field of party politics.
In conclusion, ho declared himself in favor of
some such plan as had been proposed by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
On motion of Mr. BAYLY, the committee rose,
and reported.
Mr. OWEN offered a resolution to close the de-
bate in an hour and a half
The resolution, by ayes 92 noes 44, was laid on
the table.
After some conversation—
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, the rules were sus-
pended, to enable him to offer tlrc following sub-
stitute amendment to the bill; which amendment
having been read by itself, was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed:
Strike out the preamble, and all except the enact-
ing clause, and insert:
That the President of tlie United States he retinoid, by
the use of suitable means of moral suasion, and no others, to
obtain from the Wovennneats of the States of Arkansas, Illi-
nois, and Michigan, payment of the arrears of interest due
from the said' States to the Umted Slates, and the interest
thereafter, and the principal as it shall become due, accord-
ing to the promises on the face of the bonds given by the -aid
States for moneys bequeathed by James Sttiithsen, a hi nev-
olent Englishman! to Uie United States- of Aineiica, for the
special purpose of founding at tlie^ity of Wa-hini!ton an in-
stitution for Uie increase and diffusion of knowledge anion"
men, which bequest was, by act of Congress, approved on
the first of July, 1838, accepted, with a pledge of the faith of
the United States that it should be applied to Uie purposes
prescribed "by the testator.
Sec. 9. Jixui be it farther enacted, That when payment
shall have been obtained from Uie said States of Arkansas
Illinois, and Michigan, of the ai rears ofinterest due on their
said bonds, Congress shall forthwith proceed to appropriate
said sums of interest so recuvered, together with the interest
