722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
Gudor, Grover, Ilninhn, Harper, Hcnlev, Tfowiek, Milliard,
Hough, BliasB. Ilolmes, Iio^c, Samuel I). Hubbard, Hunger-
ed," Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. In^er-
soll, Joseph K. Ingorsoll, Jrw pb .Johnson, Antbow John-
son, Kennedy, Preston Kin«i, Lawn'tiee, Leake, Leil),
Lewis, Levin, Long, Lumpkin, JVfeClellaiul, MeG.iughey,
Mcllvaine, Marsh, VarWUiy Mai tin, Morn-, Mow?, ftWloy,
NoiTi?, Owen, Panislu J'oinU, FotUt,l'lielj).^, Pollock, Rath-
bun, italic, Ritt.'i', John A. Rockwell, Koot, iSawtelle,
Fchcnck, Seaman, Seddon, Seveiance, Jjconoid II. Sims,
Truman Smith, Albeit Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robcit
Smith, Pranton, Staikweather, Stewart, St. John, Strom?,
Svkcs, Tlionmsson, Jacob Thompson, Thmman, Tibbalts,
Tildcn, Tiumbo, Vanco, Vinton, Wenlwojth, Whoaton.
White, Williams, Wilmot, Woodruff, Wiight, Yell, ana
Yo.^t—105.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
And the question recurring on the substitute—
Mr. HAMLIN paid he voted against laying the
bill on the tabic, although he would have'votcd
against the original bill, which he could not ap- j
prove, lie voted against the motion to lay on the !
table, because he wished to amend it, and make it ,
such as he could* approve; and the confidence he ]
had in the practical knowledge of the gentleman |
from Massachusetts [Mr. Grnnell] led him to
believe that the amendment he had proposed would |
do that. He should therefore vote for that amend- j
mcnt, and then vote for the passage of the bill. ;
Mr. H. then explained his views ot the subject at j
length, and stated the frauds which he behoved 1
would certainly follow the passage of the bill, if,
canal boats were exempt from the necessity of I
taking out licenses, registers, or enrolments. He I
would exempt them from the payment of all cus- i
tom-house fees, and from the payment of hospital j
money, and from taxation of all kinds. ;
Mr. McCLELLAND said the subject was fully \
understood and discussed at the last session, and !
he thought it was well understood now. He was :
opposed to the original bill, and in favor of Mr. I
Grinnell's substitute. He inquired how these m
boats had gotten along with their business here- !'
tofore? ■ !
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said it was not until ;
lately that the law had been enforced against them. ■1
Mr. McCLELLAND did not know how it might 1 j
be with canals in Pennsylvania, but with respect ,
to those in New York the law had long since been ,
enforced. He thought it was the first duty of the j
House to guard the revenue, which he really be- !
lieved would be much endangered by the passage \
of the bill. lie would vote for the substitute offered !
by Mr. Grinneli, to relieve them from hospital ;j
dues. Further than that he was not disposed to go.
Mr. E5RODHEAD was anxious that the debate ]'
should be brought to a close. The substitute, it j
was true, relieved the class of persons embraced in I1
the bill from some of the evils and difficulties of
which they complained, but it did not obviate the t'
main difficulty existing under the act of 1793. Tic |j
would ask that the bill and proposed substitute ||
might be read, so that in voting on the different i[
propositions gentlemen might understand distinctly 1
on what they were voting. j,
The bill and substitute having been read bv the
Clerk— ' " ii
Mr. BRODHEAD demanded the previous qucs- j
tion, but withdrew the demand on pledge of re- ;j
newal by j
Mr. P. KING, who said a few words in reply to j
Mr. McKay, and expressed the opinion that the i
substitute, whilst it obviated all the dangers appre- i
hended from the original bill, would accomplish all j
the beneficial ends sought to be attained. !
Mr. K., in redemption of his pledge, renewed '
the demand for the previous question, which was !
seconded. * j
The main question was ordered, and the substi- j
tutc of Mr. Grinneli, was adopted. j
The bill, as thus amended, was then ordered to :
a tlurd reading now;
And having been read a third time, was passed.
Several suggestions for the amendment of the .
title were made— I
When finally, on motion of Mr. McKAY, it ,
was amended so as to read, 'CA bill to except canal I
boats from the payment of fees and hospital mo-
ney."
THE POST OFFICE.
On motion of Mr. McKAY the House resolved ■
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi, in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the bill :
making appropriations for the service of the Post j
Office Department, for the year ending 30th June, ,
1847. * 1
The bill was read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jliaerica in Congress assembled, That
the following sums of money be, and the same are hereby,
' \ appropriated for the service of the Po-t Office Department,
| lor the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
, and forty-seven, out of any moneys in the Treasury ansing
from the revenues of the said department, in conformity to
| the act ot the second of July, eighteen hundred and thirty-
! six, namely:
{ For ti ansportation of the mails, three millions and fifty
; thousand dollais;
! For compensation of Postmasters, one million dollars ;
' For slup, steamboat, and way letters, twelve thousand
dollars;
For wrapping-piper, sixteen thousand dollars;
For olliee furniture, (lor post oliiccs,) four thousand dol-
lars ;
For advertising, thirty thousand dollars;
For mail-bags, twenty thou-and dollars;
For blanks, seventeen thousand dollars;
For mail-locks, keys, and stamps, four thousand dollars;
For mail •depiedations and special agents, thiiteen thou-
sand dollars;
For clerks for offices, (for offices of postmasters,) two
hundred thousand dollars;
For miscellaneous, fifty thousand dollars.
Hi-f:.Jiwl he it further enactcd, That in ease the reve-
nues of the depnlinnnt, refii ivd to in the first section of this
act, shall prove insullieient to meet the foregoing appropria-
tions, tlien any deficiency that may thus aiise shall be paid
out of any moneys m the treasury not otherwise appropria-
ted ■ Proi-ided, That nothing herein coniained shall be con-
strued to authoii/.e any pavment to supply a detieiencyin
tile nppropnation for compensation of postmasters.
Mr. McKAY moved the following amendment:
After the word mails, in 9th line, 1st section, in-
sert, " including $25,000 for the line of mail steam-
ers from Now York to Bremen," and strikeout
" 50,000" and insert " 75,000."
In support of this amendment,
Mr. McKAY said, it would be recollected that
at the last Congress, a law had been passed au-
thorizing the Postmaster General to make a con-
tract for mail steamers. A contract had been made.
In a communication which the Postmaster General
had addressed to the House, (No. 237,) he stated
that fact, and asked an appropriation of §25,000.
Mr. McK. would not take up the time of the com-
mittee in reading the communication; gentlemen
could examine it for themselves.
Mr. T. B. KINO said he would greatly prefer
that the subject, which had thus come very sud-
denly upon the committee, should be more thor-
oughly examined before an appropriation was
made sanctioning any contract by the Postmaster
General. Ho (Mr. Iv.) was by 110 means prepared
to give his sanction to this contract. It might be
wise anil proper; ho was not about either to con-
demn or approve it at present. But he doubted
whether it was expedient that the particular meas-
ure recommended by the Postmaster General
should be adopted. If the Postmaster General
thought that the department would be reimbursed
by the transportation of the mails, he (Mr. K.)
thought he would be mistaken. He (Mr. K.) was
not at tins moment prepared to show the advan-
tages to be derived, or the difficulties to be encoun-
tered in the particular route recommended. What
he desired was, that the House should not act pre-
cipitately; and when they did act, he wished to
see such measures adopted as would secure all the
objects sought to be accomplished. Pic thought
the subject had not yet been sufficiently investiga-
ted, and he desired, therefore, that the bill should
be laid aside for a few days. He wished it to be
understood that he had no feeling of hostility to
the route recommended; but he had hts doubts in
relation to it.
Mr. McKAY was surpiised that the gentleman
should object to taking up the bill at this time,
considering that we were in the fifth month of the
session. The Postmaster General had made his
report on the subject early in March. It was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and an elaborate report in favor of
confirming the contract with Mr. Mills was made
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Milliard.] jj
That gentleman could furnish all the facts which |i
the gentleman from Georgia wished. !
Mr. T. B. KING had not been surprised at the
Ijiii itself, but at finding this proposition in it. 1
Mr. MILLIARD believed (he said) that the jj
gentleman from Georgia was mistaken in some of !|
iiis views on this subject, and that he could set him i1
right. The gentleman approved of the objert, but
wanted a general system, and wished particularly ji
to have a line to Liverpool and to the Pacific ocean, j j
It was not fair to make the Atlantic lino depend on ]i
the success of other enterprises, and we must begin 1
somewhere. The committee had believed that i,
this line would reimburse the Government almost
immediately, and it ought not to be attached to any
other system. Should the enterprise foil, it would
be thrown back for half a century. As -to the ques-
tion why the British Queen did not succeed, he
could speak very positively, for he was in Belgium
when the experiment was made and when it failed.
No steamer was ever constructed so badly; and it
was risking one's life to sail in her. - The Belgian
Government, finding that she was unsafe, took her
to pieces, and sold the machinery. Another reason
| was, that but a single vessel was selected for this
| communication, and the enterprise was not con-
ducted with sufficient skill and perseverance.
What advantage, (asked Mr. H.,) would there
be in entering info a contest with the large lines to
Liverpool ? Cowes was as accessible as Liver-
pool, and was nearer to London, and possessed
many advantages for speedy communication with
all parts of Europe. No route could possibly pos-
sess so many important advantages as that which
the Postmaster General had selected! What was
the aspect of the question ? Proposals were offered
and bids made under a law of Congress, and the
Postmaster General had entered into a contract,
with guaranties, for a certain line of steamers, and
he submitted it to the House for confirmation. It
had been examined by the committee and ap-
proved; and now, for the first time, an objection
was made to it. Why embarrass this with any
other line? We were not here to subserve any
private or individual interests. Twenty-five' thou-
sand dollars was the whole amount of the appropri-
ation now asked, and it was to fulfil the contract of
the first quarter, after the first steamer should be
put on the line. The whole amount to be paid for
the service of four steamers was §400,000. The
British Government paid $450,000 to the Cunard
line, and it more than paid its expenses; and he did
not doubt that this line would yield ample returns,
not only in pecuniary profit, but in intelligence, in
the promotion of commercial enterprise, and in the
diffusion of a knowledge of American institutions.
Mr. McCLERNAND here asked whether the
steamers were under contract > and when this line
was to be put in operation ? He wished to know,
too, whether wo were to advance the money for
building the steamers?
Mr. HILLIARD explained that one of the
steamers would be ready next spring, and tSat the
Government did not advance one cent towards
their construction. The Postmaster General did
not ask the contractor to build the steamers until
the appropriation was made.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Then the object is to
ratify the contract. . .
Mr. T. B. KING asked for the reading of the
contract. He had, he said, never seen it, and
could not say that he would vote for its ratification
until it had been examined. He wished to have
the contract read for the information of the com-
mittee.
Mr. HOPKINS explained that several bids were
offered, according to the proposals, and that the
lowest one was accepted.'
Mr. BARKLEY MARTIN begged leave to
state, that the document Containing tie-contract had
been in the gentleman's box for ten days, aad that
it was his own fault if the gentleman was not bet-
ter informed as to the terms of the contract. He
did not think the action of the House ought to be
delayed on this subject on account of the objec-
tions of the gentleman from Georgia. The gen-
tleman was not opposed to the object contemplated,
but he opposed the bill because the line did not con-
nect dircctly with Liverpool. Should the House
delay their action for the accommodation of a gen-
tleman who had not informed himself on the sub-
ject, though he had attempted to enlighten the
House upon it ?
Mr. T. B. KING said, the gentleman had mis-
understood him. He had not said that he was op-
posed to the bill. On the contrary, he was inclined
to sustain it, and he had professed no great igno-
rance about the measure. He had merely desired
a temporary delay.
The Clerk here read that part of the report which
relates to the contract with Mr. Mills.
Mr. T. B. KING said he found the contract to
be much the same as he had supposed. He would
contrast it in some respects with the British mail-
steamer service. The British mail steamers were
built under direction of the Admiralty; t}iey were
required to carry an armament on board; (icy were
