1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
723
commanded by navy officers; and they were obliged
to carry a certain number of persons connected
with the Government. He did not find that any
©f these objects were secured by the proposed con-
tract. Now, he would ask, of what 'use would
these steamers be in time of war ?. The British
steamers were used for a number of purposes, to
which they could not be applied by us. They were
used to transport troops to their distant colonies,
and to tow linc-of-battie ships. The insular posi-
tion of Great Britain also rendered it necessary for
her to employ steam vessels to prevent ail enemy
from landing on her shores. All these things had
induced the British Government to go largely into
the employment of steamers. When the United
States should Ixtgin to employ such vessels, he
hoped they would do it in an effectual manner. The
old mode of constructing steam ships would render
them perfectly useless for fighting purposes. If the
machinery was not put out of the roach of shot, the
money would be thrown away. The magazine
might as well be between docks as the boiler. If
better vessels could not bo produced than upon the
old mode, it would be useless to build any. The
machinery must be protected by being placed below
the water line. The Missouri and the Mississippi
frigates had cost $750,000 each, and were uiterly
useless. These vessels and the Union also, wen;
a total loss. The old Fulton had cost #500,000,
and was never able to stand a single broadside. A
four-pound shot would blow her up idcy-liigh.
Such improvements ought to be adopted as would
adapt the steamers to war purposes. The llvitish
steamers were commanded by navy ofiiccru—ami
why? Because the old suits in the navy were un-
acquainted with the management of war steamers,
and it was the design of the Government tu ac-
quaint them with that species of service. He
thought we were going too loosely into this mat-
ter; and it was to the manner of going into it llmt
he objected. The improvements which lie Innl j
suggested had not yet been fully accomplished; j
and he desired that they should be. The gentle- !
man from Alabama [Mr. IliM.iAiii>| had said that
there ought to be no personal feeling in this neuter.
The gentleman could not suppose him to have.
;uiy. He had no personal feeling connected with
any one in this matter. AVhat hi- wished was, that
we should go into this thing with our eyis open,
nnd that the country should not he deceived into a
reliance on these steamers for war purposes, itnd
then find them to 1>« utterly useless. Not ciiicmiI
(he Cunard line was fit to go into battle, nor any
of the old steamers. They might do to transport
troops, and might lie useful in a war with such a
people as the Chinese, but not with any naval 1'ovv-
or. People had seen that their money had been
thrown away in building steamer** heretofore.
Mr. HOPKINS remarked that the right was re-
pervod to take the steamers for war purposes, but
the Government was not obliged to take them.
Mr. T. B. KING said the contract. wu« to nut
throuoh. five years, and would involve, an expendi-
ture of p,000,000, which would be stiUieinit to
build five good war steamers, lie did not believe
that the Bremen route would pay $50,000 a year.
Mr. HOPKINS said the overland postage in
England was very high—forty-three cents on a let-
tcr'and sixty-one centn on a newspaper .sent from
this country to Bremen.
Mr. T. B. KING replied, that the British Gov-
ernment would reduce their rates of postage, to
meet this competition, and the probability was that
a reciprocal tariff of postage would be. adopted by
the two Governments. Any intelligent architect
would say that wo could build steamers that could
cross the Atlantic two days quicker than any now
afloat. It was of great importance that our steam-
vessels should be swift sailers. We never ex-
pected to fight in line; we must figh in single
Hhips; if wc would have no advantage. VVi,
should give encouragement to our architects to
build our war steamers so as to outsail those of any
other ?ower. Great Britain had so many mora
ships than we had, that it would be useless to ren-
der outs merely equal to theirs m point of speed.
Unless they were swifter they ^
™t when they could fight Mp to ship. The
British Government was discarding the pnddlfr
wheels, and putting their machinery below li e
water line. The Princeton was our best s up. She
drew too much water—enough for a vessel of I,j00
Sns-and she might be taken by an enemy whose
line ships were swifter than she. The gieat eon-
federation should be speed, whether to run after or
from an enemy. All these advantages could be
obtained, for our architects had skill enough and
our merchants enterprise enough to go into the
-enterprise.
Liverpool (Mr. IC. said) was the great com-
mercial point; and if we sent letters to Cowes, they
must go to Liverpool afterwards to be forwarded to
their destination. He did not think that the con-
tract was sufficiently .specific, or that the Govern-
ment had secured all tlie advantages by it which
were necessary for the success of the enterprise.
Mr. HILLIARD said that the gentleman had
completely demonstrated the propriety of the ap-
propriation by the very arguments he had used
against it. lie desires such a system as will be
useful in war and in peace, and he had said that
the Government had built no war steamers that
were good for anything. That was a good reason
why the Government should build no more, and
why they should be built by private contract. No
money wuh asked for building these steamers, and
but a small appropriation was proposed to com-
pensate the contractors for carrying the mail. The
contract required* also, that the vessels should be
built with a regard to the latent improvements, and
their capacity fur war purposes was to be judged
of by scientific persons to be employed to Inspect
them. We ought not to permit foreign nation** to
outstrip us in Memo navigation, ami employ our
own resources in .sustaining their enterprises. He ^
gave, his reasons for the belief that the project jj
would be eminently sueees.-ful. j!
Mr. TMURMAJV «aid if could not l>e denied
that, the principal inducement to contract for mail jl
steamers was to obtain \ ?.sels suitable for war i'
purposes. If this object could not be accomplish- i
ed, the measure would nut renive his\ote. He j:
wan not wdling to pay ^100,000 a year lor the !!
transportation of mails alone by the proposed line. }!
I te. read the contract, in order to show that it did ,!
provide for vessels adapted to war purposes. j|
Now there could be used no language which |j
would more directly declare that these vessels '!
should be constructed as war vessels. Kutnques-
tion was, what guaranty was there that the con-
tractor would peiform his contract? We mu'ht
withhold the money, it was true, if he did not, but !!
that would not accomplish our object; and there- jj
tore the contract ought to stipulate, that before any
money ahull be paid for any of these ships* they
shall first be certified by the proper officer to be fit
for service as war steamers, lo provide for this
object,
Mr. T. moved, in conclusion, the following
amendment to the amendment of Mr, McKay:
!*toviikd, That no money shall be paid (under
the contract enu red into by the Postmaster Gene-
ral with Edward Mills for Atlantic mail transport-
ation) for any service by any steamship until
such ship should be first examined by suitable per-
sons, appointed by the President, and be certified
by such persons to Ik) constructed in all particu-
lars in compliance with said contract, and to Ik; in
nil respects proper for use as a steam vessel of
war.
Mr. T. 1). KING said the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Hii-makd,! without any intention on
j! his part, had so directed his remarks as to tend to
j place him (Mr. f\.) in a false position. Mr. K.
j was not opposed to this system; he was as anxious
j as could be the gentleman to see such it line of.
J ships established"on American capital, and by '
' American skill and industry. Uutwhat he wished j
| was, to see it well done, if done at all ; and lie. had ,
!| asked thai this bill might be postponed a few days, ,
<; in order that the subject might l>e considered more '
i1 thoroughly.
! The trenflcman had said this was a very small
i: sum, ami that none of it was to he paid in advance
of the, performance of the work. And yet they
j! were pressed to appropriate this sum of $25,000
'! without delay, when the plan was not to take
i! effect until 1st January next. At that time, the
i| next session of Congress would have continued a
i month. Why, then, could there be so pressing a
| need now?
j The gentleman seemed to think ho had very
! adroitly turned his (Mr. K.* ) argument against
himself— that, because the Government had built
some vessels that were not fit for the service, there-
fore the Government wan not the proper agent
for building more. N'ow, he said no such thing;
he drew no such inference
lie said the Govern-
ment had expended money enough to have learned
some wisdom, and that that wisdom should be
exercised in die construction of steam-ships here-
after, to insure that they be well constructed for
war purposes.
If the bill were now to be acted upon, he should
vote for the amendment of Mr. Thurman.
Mr. PAYNE wished, before he proceeded with
a few remarks, to inquire of the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and'Post Roads,
whether or not it was contemplated, during the
present session of Congress, to present a bill
which had for its object the increase of postage
upon letters transmitted through the mail? And,
if so, at what time the report might be expected?
Mr. HOPKINS replied that the committee had
agreed on the basis of a bill which looks to some
increase of the postage—it would not be a very
heavy increase—and that the bill would probably
be reported to the House during- the next week.
Mr. PAYNE (continuing) said it occurred to
him that this information from the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads was
a very good reason why they should not act upon
this bill at the present time. Before wc appropri-
ated money by way of extending onr mail facili-
ties, or of enlarging our post office system, we
should look to the place from which the means to
meet the expense was to be derived.
Some two years since a bill was passed through
this House, under the operation of the gag-rule,
too—whipped through without permitting debate
to any extent, and in such a manner as precluded
the proper examination at that time—for the re-
duction of (he rates of postage. Now, what was
likely to be the effect of this measure? We were
then told that instead of diminishing the revenue of
the Post Office Department it would increase it.
"When it was urged that its effect would be to quar-
ter the Post Office Department on the customs,
they were met on all sides with the plea that the
diminution of the rates of postage would icsult in
an increased aggregate amount. He thought then
that this prediction was founded in error; bethought
then, and thought now, that it was one branch of
the protective policy—that it was intended to keep
up (lie necessity for the tariff of 181*2. i>y throw-
ing the Post Oflice Department for support upon
the revenues from customs, we augmented the ex-
penditures of the Government, and (in proportion
to that augmentation) the necessity for the contin-
uance of the existing rate of duty.
In.order to arrive at the practical operation of the
system, Mr. P. referred to the report of the Post-
master General, showing the deficiency of the
means of the Department to meet the expenditures
during the present year, to be $1,323,997. This
amount, under the existing arrangements, was to
j be paid from customs.
I Now, what was the proposition? It was to
| carry out a contract which would involve an ex-
j pemmure by the Government of nearly half a mil-
J lion more. Thus, if the estimate of the Postinas-
1 ter General as to the present deficiency was eor-
' reet, it would make a little less than two millions
! of dollars, if any, to be drawn out of the revenues
j of the customs in the treasury to be appropriated
to the Post Office Department. Now, if Ac ex-
| penditure were to stop there even, it might be tol-
; crated. Knowing the amount of expenditure by
; estimating the value of the service, wc could dcter-
; mine whether we would incur the expanse. But
l it did not stop there. There were various propo-
I sitions in this bill, and among others, one scction
! very much like the section in the harbor and river
i bill in reference to the Louisville and Portland
, canal; a section making no specific appropriation;
! not limiting the action of the Post Onlcc Depart-
i merit, but providing that in case the revenues of the
1 department shall prove insufficient, appropriations
; to meet the deficiency slmll be paia out of any
j money in the treasury not otherwise appropri-
j atcd.
| For himself, he was opposed to any increase of
1 the expenditures of the PostOfficc Department un-
I til the revenues of the department authorized it;
j and especially was he opposed to an indefinite ap-
\\ propriation like that proposed in this section. He
;{ was opposed to it in principle. Who was bene-
fited by the Post Office Department ? Was it riot
those who were engaged in writing letters? And
if so, ought they not to bear the burden of its
expenses? But, instead of placing the burdens
thus upon those who received its benefits, you re-
