726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
stopper, (the amendments made in commlttce hav-
ing been first concurred in,) wad read a third lime,
and passed.
Tho following bills, which had heretofore bcon
reported from the Committee of the Whole, wiih
recommendations that they do not pass, were re-
jected'.
A. bitt for the reiief of the securities of Elijah J.
Weed, late quartermaster of marines, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Asa Annington and others j
A bill for the relief of Mary Ann Bruncr;
A bill to authorize the payment of seven years'
half-pay of a lieutenant, due on account of the death
of Lieut. Jonathan Dye, an officer in the Virginia
Continental line, and who was killed in the battle
of JBrandywine.
On motion of Mr. DANIKL., the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole, Mr. Calks B.
Smith in the chair.
BOUNTY TO FISHIKG VESSELS.
The first bill in order was that for the allowance
of the usual iishing bounty to the owner ;md crew
of the schooncr Success, lost at sea twenty days
before she hud completed her fishing voyage of
four months.
This bill was elaborately debated in Committee
of ihc Whole on Satin day, the 5th of April instant,
and the committee then rose without coming to a
decision. The debate being- resumed to-day—
Mr. GRINNELL rose and said; Mr. Chairman,
we are now deciding- on the claims of individuals j
upon the Government, and are therefore acting* un- ]
der the solemnity and responsibility of jurors. The j
case before us is of a (Uf-s of gieat interest to the I
citizens of a part of the district which E have the
honor to represent, the fishermen of Cape Cod; and
theie is none with whom 1 more deeply sympa-
thize. Although 1 have never participated in their
hard and hazardous employment, yet f have been
an eye-witness, to some extent, of their dangers
and duties. They arc generally poor, living on a
light sandy soil, upon which western farmers would
starve; yet you find in their small unpretending
dwellings the greatest neatness, and a good degree
of comfort. They commencc their labors as fish-
ermen early in the spring, in preparing their ves-
sels; these are from fifty to one hundred tons; their
provisions for the voyage consist of salted beef and
pork, Indian corn, flour, and molasses. Upon these
article# and fish, they live for six or ci&ht months
in the year. These, with the salt they take on
board, say five to eh'hfc hundred bu.^he/^, they ob-
tain gene) ally on the credit of the voyage. They
start usually in the months of Apnl and May, in
their small vessels, for the Grand Bank, the coasts
of Newfoundland, Labrador,&c.7 where there is
almost constant fog and cold through the fishing
season; they are wet and cold nearly all ihe time.
Those that proceed to the Grand Bank, anchor in
about fifty fathoms of water, with a cable of one
hundred and twenty fathoms long, and there ride
out the gales of the ocean, to the astonishment of
the commanders of the navies of the world.
The codfish, when taken on board, are cleaned
and salted in bulk, in the hold of the vessel; the
tongues and sounds are caiefully taken out and
salted in casks; they are a delicate and delicious
article,particularly the tongues when broiled fresh.
The livers are saved in casks, and a most valu-
able oil is extracted from them for the use of tau-
ners. If successful, they return in about four
months, though frequently the trips are longer. On
returning, the fish are taken from the hold of the
vessels in a green or pickled state. They are
then spread upon hakes, in the open air, made of
brush, raised about two feet fiom the ground, for
two weeks or more, being carefully turned daily,
and gathered in heaps during damp or rainy wea-
ther. They are then, with the tongues, sounds,
and oil, sent to market. The price of the fish is
usually two to three dollars per quintal. A "vessel
of sixty tons brings homo about five hundred to j
six hundred quintals. The shares of men em- i
ployed average twelve dollars per month, say, for
the eight months they are occupied, ninety-six dol- i
lars.-" In the winter, they follow some trade—shoe- |
making, &c. Thus they are never idle; and tins j
constant labor is the secret cause of the prosperity i
of New England, so inscrutable to other parts of
the CJnited States. The owners of these vessels
have rarely been known to accumulate much prop-
erty; they are of a respectable, but not rich class.
Our government at an early day, (1790,) with that \
wise foresight which bo eminently distinguished
: the statesmen of that period, commenced giving
bounties or allowances to the owners and crews of
,; these cod-fishing Testis, three-eighths to the own-
| ers? and -five-eighths to the crews. A large portion
!! of the bounty was collected and received by the
: Government in the duty on the S"alt, and on the
j foreign articles used in building and equipping the
* vessels; the duties on the latter, it- is well ascer-
tained, is four dollars per ton, or two hundred to
i four hundred dollars- on each vessel. The bounty
| now allowed by law is three and a half to four
| dollars per ton, provided that in no case it shall
exceed three hundred and sixty dollars per vessel
I and crew: generally;, it amounts to two hundred to
! two- hundred and fifty dollars. By granting this
' bounty, the Government has added greatly to the
! security of the country in time of war; for in no
, other way can efficient trustworthy seamen be oh-
j taincd. In time of peace, this business has added
; greatly to the prosperity of the country. The num-
; bei of liien now employed annually in this business
I i.-? estimated *\t ten thousand. The estimate is made
| from the number of "vessels employed and their ton-
! nage, which amounted to sixty-nine thousand eight
; hundred ui«f twenty-five tans on the 30th of .Tune
i last. These men, in the event of war, would be
i thrown out of employment, and would be, as in
! times past, prompt to enter on boaid our navy in
! defence of our country. But for these hardy fisher-
| men, we should not now be able to point to the I
! capture of the Gucrriore, and other naval victories
J dining the last war. Without seamen ships of war
j arc valueless. Look at the example vf Prance;
| she ha? never been able to copc with England on
the occan for the want of seamen. Her Govern-
ment is now attempting to supply this vital defi-
ciency by liberal bounties to those engaged m the
fishmcs. It has appropriated and expended an-
nually since 1837 from four to five and a half mil- :
lions of francs, or about one million of dollars, for
this purpose. By a law now m operation, and to
continue until 18T>1, France allows to each seaman
engaged in the business frfty francs per annum, and
to the owners and cicws of the "vessels twenty-two
francs per quintal on all dry salt codfish taken in
French vessels on the Graud Bank or coast of
Newfoundland and imported into French colonies,
or when taken out of entrepots in France, being
equal to four dollars per quintal; whereas the
whole bounty allowed by our Government amounts
to only about fifty cents per quintal. Under this
liberal allowance the number of French sailors
have rapidly increased, and their character for sca-
maiihlup improved. In 1811 our law for the en-
couragement of the cod fishery was suffcied to ex-
pire. It was soon found necessary to renew it.
Accordingly, in 1813, it was re-enacted, and has
continued to this time, thus proving- the importance
of the system, and that we could not succeed with-
oat it. If the small bounty now granted should be
discontinued, the business would greatly fall off,
and we should lose this excellent nursery for sea-
men. Another consequence that would arise from
the declinc in this business would be an increase
in the price of dry codfish. This would be felt by
the consumers throughout the country. Although
not of the national importance that the loss of sea-
men is, yet it is worthy of consideration. If the
reduced duty proposed by the Secretary of the
Treasury should take placc, and the present bounty
allowed by France continue, I think we shall ,be
supplied with this article by French fishermen,
As this is an important subject in a national
point of view, intimately connected with the com-
mercial history as well as the prosperity and the
naval defences and glory of the country, i hope 1
may be excused for introducing into this debate a
calm, dispassionate, and ably-drawn paper, which
has lately been presented to Congress, and printed
by its* order, but which, from the paucity of infor-
mation on this subject which this discussion has
disclosed, I fear has not been as extensively read
as its merits deserve. It will be remembered that
the Secretary of the Treasury, in his annual report
on the finances and the tariff, has recommended the
entire abolition of the allowance of bounty to ves-
sels employed in the cod fishery, as well as the
bounty on the exportation of pickled fish. This
recommendation, so vitally affecting the business,
the living, the prosperity of a large class of citizens,
has produced an excitement and alarm it was so
well calculated to produce. The citizens of Mar-
blehead have forwarded to Congress an able and
dispassionate memorial and remonstrance against
Shis proposed repeal. That memorial is drawn
with calmness and candor, and does not contain a
word which I do not know to be strictly true. It
signed by men who woold mt pttt their warned
to any paper which they did not know to be true,
even at the sacrifice of their own interests. And,
as several paragraphs of it contain information cal-
culated to enlighten the committee on the vote it i&
about to give on the bill before it, and will enable
members go give that vote with a more correct
knowledge and understanding of the facts, I trust
1 shall be excused for reading a few of those para-
graphs, They are as follows;
"During Shepeiiod of our ce-iomal hsstory, the fisheries?
had slow fy advanced to a healthy state of prosperity, under
the fostering care of the mother country; so that, at thecom-
mcneement of the Revolution, the business had reached a
stftto more prosperous than any it has ever since attained.
The lown of Marblefeeud ha$, at ShaS period, a gj-enfer 'popu-
lation ancf more ivcalih than ft now possesses. The close of
the Revolution found the town a mere ruin compared to
what it was when the war first bioke out.
" At the conclusion of peace, renewed efforts were made
by our eiti zens to establish themselves in the business agaiu,
which was coMlmucfl for a few years, under She many dis-
advantages necessarily attendant opoi* a new Government
and the deranged commercial relations consequent upon the
then state of things. The struggle, however^, was of bufi
short dmation, be/ore it became apparent that the business—
always considered important to the commerce and resources
of Ihe country—could not Is prosecuted us & mccwt of liveli-
hood unl;ts some relief could be obtained fiom the Govern-
ment. Tliis iriief was sought and granted for a limited
2/criod; and it was by the asd of this and the European wars
which foUowjed? tfrat the fisheries once more afforded a rea-
fcouaUe return tor the labor and capital employed in them-.
" 13ut, by the combined operation of the non-intercourse
and embargo acts, followed by theKvar of 1812, this state of
pio&perity soon disappcated, and the fisheries, ami most of
the capital invested hi them, wore welhiidi annilnlut d. Jc
was to remedy this state of things that trie act of JuJy 20,
1813, allowing the present bounty to vo-seis employed in?
the cod /hlHiy,and the bounty on theexpoitation of pickled
fish, and acts levying a duty on the importation of foreigu
dry fish, wcie passed; which acts it is now the object of the
pio-poiitions beibic Congre&s to lepeal and ahofosh.
" Your mcmoiialists believe, that hod it not been for tlie&e-
enactments, thus passed and provided for the relief of the
fishenes. the business would long since have been abandon-
! eJ; foi, even with the aid and protection thus afforded, and
| an iinniterinpied continuance of peace for the last thirty
years, many individuals, and even joint-stock companies,
with their capital soleiy invested in it, have, after a few
years' trial of the business, abandoned it, as nOt affording in
tfee aggregate, a saving return for the capita! and labor em-
ployed. And such is the uncertainty arrd vacillating success
attendant upon the best organized and well-directed efforts
for taking the fish, Cone year of plenty being often succeeded
by years of scarcity,) that, in repeated instances, all the cap-
ital embarked m the business has been tolafty lost.
u And although it has been stated -before your honorable
body, m suppou of an effoit to repeal the aid and protection
which the present laws aflbid, that the poor fisherman earns
hta ,<W0 fin- what was called ' Ms three and a half jponths>
labor,5 yet your memorialists well know that there is no
truth in the assertion. The fishermen of this town, engaged
in the bank cod fishery, are usually employed from Mare la
to November and December, fiom the time they begin the
labor of fitting the vessels foi sea, until they return to iheir
winter quarteis, being a period of full eight months on an
average; and your memorialists aver, from their ou.n per-
sonal knowledge, that ft is bo uncommon oeeuncntc for fhh-
ciroen to be thus constantly toiling through all the working
portion "ot the year, and not earn a single dollar (bounty and
all meludcd) over and above their outfit expenses, and the
advance of a few necessaries to their families during slick*
absence. And.it is thus that, in seasons of scarcity, it often,
happens that crews cannot be obtained for vessels engaged
in the business, except tho owner will first guaranty that
they shall raake something (a sum lo be first agreed on) ia
return foi their labor, over and above their shares of fiMi,
after deducting the outfits of tho voyage, it is true that; in
.seasons when fHi happen to be plenty, and a good mar-
ket is obtained for them, that, in such cases, both the own-
ers and fishermen realize a remunerating profit for their cap-
ital and labor; but this slate *A' things is rather raie than
otherwise; and such is the uncutamty, and,as it were, lot-
tery nature of the business, that, in looking around among
those who have been engaged in a all their live.-, the) can-
not point out a solitary oioner who has ber-ome wealthy from
the profits of the fishing business alone, nor a single fake* muny
with a faiind} depending upon him for support, who has
been able to lay up, fiom the earnings of the business, a sur-
plus for Ins old age.
l'There are other considerations of public policy apper-
taining to the fislteiies, which jour memorialists hope will
not pass unnoticed, m deciding upon the propositions now
before youi honoiabJe body, it is well known that the fish-
eries of New England have long been regauled as a valuable
nursery of liaidj and able seamen; and your memorialists
believe that it was from this consideration, its much as to
provide foi a drawback of the dutv upon foreign salt, that the
present bounty and protection to*the fishing interests were
granted. And whatever pecuniary looses and misfortunes
the citizens of this town have been called upon to endure,
hy embargoes and wars, and the uncertainties and fluctua-
ting character of their leading business, it is presumed they
may, with confidence, refer to their past character nnd con-
duct in hours of danger and trial, in proof that the degree of
pi election and aid which their mueh loved country has af-
tcuded to the fishenes, has not been wholly unrequited by
them. They believe they may, without indelicacy, point to
some return on their part, in their services, sufferings^ and
sacrifices, for the independence and honor of their country
