1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
727
in both the revoiutionai y and late wars. In tile days of the
Revolution, nearly every able-bodied citizen of the town bore
arms in the eanse of the country, by aoa cm land; and in the
late war, tull ono thousand men and boys were eu'wed in
the contest, mostly in the naval and privateering service, a
large portion of whom—and many of your memorialists
among the number—were incarcerated in the prions of the
enemy, when pcaee crowncd the effoits of their country
with success."
I have thus presented the merits of the bounty
granted bjr law to the owners and crews of vessels
employed in tlic cod fishery, in the hope, when its
operation.is understood, that it will commcnd itself
to the favor of the committee.
In cases like the one under consideration, where
the poor fishermen, when pursuing their dangerous
voyages, have been overwhelmed by the tempest
or storms, and, by the inscrutable nets of Provi-
dence, prevented from continuing their occupation
four months as required by law, Congress has
always granted relief as a matter of justice to the
unfortunate. Is there not some degree of cruelty
in refusing itj1 They, the fishermen, have done
all in their power to carry out the design and policy
of the Government. _ They hove, from their Rmall
means, fitted out their vessel, purchased a quantity
of salt and other articles, on which the Govern-
ment has received a revenue, and have been pre-
vented in fulfilling the precise terms of the law by
causes beyond their control.
As 1 have before remarked, and its is sot forth
in the memorial 1 have read, the owners and crews
of these cod-ilshing vessels are generally pour,
living on a poor soil, and merely huccccu by the
rv'eatesit frugality and industry in obtaining a sub-
sistence. They are remarkable, for flteir sH'ic.t
moral character. The population of Capo Cod,
Barnstable county, in 1840, was 32,f>-lH; probably
liy this time they number ."15,ODD or 3(i,(H)0. 1 may
mention, as a remarkable instance, that Inst year
only twelve prisoners were committed to the jail
of that county; two were blacks, and three foreign-
ers. This has been about the avetii^o for Neveral
years. The whole amount mid by the Uovern-
nient for bounties to all the fishermen of the Unin-d
States for several years past has averaged about
§250,1)00. The duties on the salt consumed, and
on the articles in building the vessels, find used on
board of them, would probably amount to ludflliia
Rum or more. Thus the (Tovernment is paying
for the defence, of the country $100,000 or ()()(!,
<md in the cheapest maimer possible, by securing
for any emergency ten thousand excclhmt ;ieiunen
l'or the public service; and without (hem no nation
has ever succceded, or can succeed, in commerce
or in maintaining any naval power.
In conclusion, 1 bog leave to submit to the Com-
mittee the following summary statement, show-
ing the product of the cod fishery in the county
oP 13arnstiible for the year ending December ;i|,
1845.
Vessels employed ISJfi; hunlcn IO,2,T7 ton*; avt'mjji' M.-ii).
K^timati'U Viilur ol'tlsh, oil, &(•., I:iKiti
£7,648 i|tlilif:tls of {try cuiIiIhIi, lit >•:',! M H j^USJfttl
Amount received for liver nil  !4i,4,W
Bounty on 18-1 vessel*  
Jiounty on 11 vo^sWs tin1 Ii'Hukv w:t-i prntuMv n'-
lined, they heili!* Io«t or wrt'rked,
anil thus premit<-<l tiom ln'uiyrni-
pioyed tho time it<piiif<i by law,
Hir, s-r,
The whotr number of mill omp!oy<'<l on Inlaid vr,iti
tin: c«l ami ni.u iteici li-lu'r.v wan 
Mr. GORDON" next rose and opposed the bill,
and advised tho friends of the fishing interest to
refrain from pressing cases upon the attention of
Congress which do not come within the provisions
of the general laws for the allowance of bounty.
My pressing such cases they endanger the exig-
ence of the general laws and the bounty itself.
Mr. G. did not think these fishermen were entitled
to all the credit that was given them by his friend
from Massachusetts, [ Mr.'GuiswKi.i..] They were
like other men, ever attentive to their own interest,
which they were as careful as other men to attend
to. No boun ty was allowed to whale-fishery men.
They certainly encountered as much danger, and
were as valuable, in a national point of view, as
the cod-fishery men. Why, therefore, the dilig-
ence ? The bounty ought not be allowed ; and he
would move that the bill be reported to the House
with a recommendation that it be rejected.
Mr. SEVERANCE made an animated and ear-
nest appeal to the committee in behalf of the
widows and orphans of those poor and brave-
licarted men who go on this adventurous business,
and become buried in the bosom of the great deep.
He hoped Congress would not refuse them the
small pittance of bounty which their husband* and
fathers would have received if they had lived out
the dangers of the sea and returned to port. That
was all that the bill proposed to give It was but
a short time since the House had voted six months'
pay to the widows and orphans of the oifteera and
seamen lost in the Hornet. Nobody complained
of that, because it was right and proper; yet it was
a mere gratuity. In the present instance, the
country- is asked to pay to the widow and orphan
what the husband and father would have been (n-
titled to by laxvt if they had lived to return to port.
He hoped the committee would vote down the
motion to reject the bill.
The question was here put on the motion that
the bill be reported to the House with a. recom-
mendation that it be rrjutted; and there were—
ayes 47, noes GO. No quorum.
Another count was had: ayea -M, noea 5!>. Still
no quorum.
The committee then ru«o, and reported that it
had been compelled to do «o lor want of a quorum
to do business.
Mr. DAJNUCL said he felt that in thi.s laxity of
attendance of i«eml ei\s of the House, they would
never j^rt through the pi ivale calendar. He there-
fore felt eouHtminrd to move a call of the House.
Mr. ADAMS demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and, bemj? taken, were—
yeas 77, nay,< l>7  {n quorum voting.)
80 a call of the 1 ionse wnm ordered.
And one or two member* having aimveiul to
their names,
Mr. COIJB moved that further proceedings on
the call |>e dmpansed with.
Mr. DANIKL xmt he hoped nut. lie Humid,
for the firht time, insist. It had t/em rally been the
cn.se when privatr lulh \ver< taKni up, thai the
House f« und itself without a quorum; and unle^a
there were some means to enforce the attendance
of the member.*!, nothing could be done.
The question on the motion of Mr. Cowu was
taken, and derided in the alHrmaiive.
80 lUrther prormlin#? un the rail v\ere dispensed
with.
Mr, UA YL\ i:«\ve notiee of a motion to reeon- |
wider tht: vole b) winch the bill for the r< lief of the j
heirn of Jonathan Dye had Ihhu rijtritd.
Tho Hou.se then went back into committee.
And the question recurruur on the motion to re-
port the above-mentioned bill to the llouac with a
recommendation that u do not pass,
Mr. DANIEL P. KING tmid he had not intend-
ed tutain to trouble the committee on the bill, nor
would he have done bo, if an important principle
wore not involved, and he feared was about to be
sacrificed. A U mnn from New York [Mr.
Goiu>"nJ has naked why bounty is not allowed to
whaling and merchant vessel*, and what reasons
exist for allowance of bounty to this class of ves-
sels in particular. Mr. K. said it was beeausc*it
hud been the nettled policy of the Government from
its very commencement; yes, before tho commence-
ment of the Government, from a period long; be-
fore the Revolution, when this country was a co-
lonial dependency of limit Britain, haw thi.s bounty
been allowed. Almost all foreign nations allow it,
and their vr.srtela .swarm on the fuslim£-£rouuds on
our eoiiMt. Kroner, allows a heavy bounty; and
take our bounty away* and French vessels would
come into our ports and undersell our own fishing
vessels. The gentleman has said these fishermen
will not fight. Mr. K. said he would not ad vise that
gentleman, or any other, to go uito Marblehead and
say so. Their bmvery haa never before been
questioned, it was proverbial. They were a
brave, noble, patriotic, and cotmtry4ovin<r race.
Ah to the pittance of bounty, it was hardly worth
disputing about—not more than ten or twelve dol-
lars a head. It did not <ro to the owners of the
vessels exclusively, to larjjn capitalists; it went to
the seamen themselves, their wives and children,
or to their widows and orphans. Too much had
already been said on so small a case; but he felt
sure the members of the committee could not find
it in their hearts to reject this bill, and thereby im-
plant sorrow in the hearts, and bring tears into the
eyes of poor widows and children, whose fathers
and husbands lie buried in the deep, where they
have been cast in their [wrtfous endeavors to earn
this bounty, this small sum.
Mr. LEA IvK and Mr. DOUGLASS said a few
1 words.
i: Mr. ADAMS now moved that the bill be laid
aside to he reported to the House.
Which motion, by ayes 73, noes 32, was agreed
to.
So the bill was laid aside to bo reported.
The bill for the relief of Nathaniel Bird coming
ii up—
{'■ Mr. ST. JOHN moved that it be reported to the
i! House, with a recommendation that it do not pass.
1! Mr. LEWIS asked for reasons.
!j The report, on the call of Mr. ST, JOHN, was
:: read.
Mr. I>. P. KING advocated its passage—-[yield-
j, in# the floor for inquiry to Mr. TiiuttMAN anu Mr.
j: Danijsl.J
Mr. LEWIS followed on the same side.
AUor a few words from Messrs. GRIDER,
1 DANIEL, and E. II. EW1NG,
; Mr. DAN1KL moved that the bill be reported
' to the House with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
The motion, by ayes ,">3, noes GO, was rejected.
The bill was then laid aside to bo reported to
1 the House.
| Whereupon the committee rose and reported.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
, The following petitions and memorials were pre-
, senied under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
i By Mr. IlIuNLl.Y : The petition of Alexander McDonald
dutfsjlviuiu." Jd-kinsston, invalid pcn.sjoii*: referred to
ihc Commitier on fitvnhd Pensions.
HvAlr. JAM KHI1, JOHNSON : The petition of Messrs.
C'l.Hle-. i>. AlM-li, Joshua Alien, and U.">0 others, citizen* of
Il,mi} c3en eount}, pruning Unit tho law of
(\hj-mn-, pn-sril in Auvii^t, t^!'2, plneinj; the national nrmo-
1 ins ninler military "ovrrnincnt, tie repeated, and tho Bame
|)l,icrd under nvil uoveniiiieiK an heretofore.
Hy .Mr. COlMvlJ: The petition of the heirs of Samuel
J.icKmiu, deeeam d, pr.t\atj4 < Vnyic.^ to grant them tho ar-
re.na^eN of jKui^ton due their said father ut the time of his
(t'-orh.
Hy Mr. 8TANTON: Ttie petition of James M. Lewis,
pj.iuiiil a peiiMon tin wounds teeeived while in the ncrvic©
fti i!i< Ptnied St.Ut -4,duinigth< late wai with threat Britain s
leferred to the Coiumitlce < n Invalid Pennon*.
Il\ Mr. HA UK! N<;KI> • The petition oi George Bo^gs, for
iipen>i( a. n iciiut lo the ('uiinmin *; on uevoluuonary Pen-
IN SENATE.
' Monday, Jlpril 27, 1846.
! The VICE PRESIDENT laid beforo the Scn-
] ntc the in'oecediiigs of a Democratic meeting of cit-
izens of Philadelphia, sustaining the policy of the
I President of the United States in relation to Oregon,
■ our foreign relntioiia, and the |)ublie defences.
Also, the proceedings of a public meeting of cit-
; utenu of Philadelphia, urging upon Congress the
\ necessity of making appropriations for the im-
provement and ineraiKC of the national defences.
Which were laid un the table.
Also, a communication from the Department of
State, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the l.'ilh instant, transmitting a statement of
' claims for spoliations on American commerce by
ilio French prior to the ratification of the treaty
with Krance of 1800, which were acted upon by
the Board of Commissioners sitting under the treaty
of Paris of IKil.
Which was ordered to bo printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of William
/V. Howard, captain of the United States revenue
! steamer " McLane," praying increased compen-
sation for services while acting by order of the
President of the United States, under the direction
of Commodore Dallas, in the naval service in the
j West Indies; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
: Mr. BENTON presented the petition of Alexis
I Orgot, praying a pension for injuries received
, while servms; in Captain Fremont's expedition to
: the Rocky Mountains; which waa referred to the
j! Committee on Pensions.
!! Mr. DIX presented the petition of Mary S. Clitz,
widow of a lato captain in the United States army,
praying a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Afl'airs.
Mr. FA IUFIELO presented several memorials
of ship-owners, ship-masters, and others, of Bath,
Bangor, Portland,Thomoston, and Kennebunk, in
the State of Maine, remonstrating against the re-
