728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
peal of the pilot laws of 1837; which were laid
upon the table. , j;
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of the art-
ministrator of Francis R. Sanchez, praying reiriu- j
neration for loss of property, occasioned by the ;i
acts of the United States troops; which was refer-
red to the Committee of Claims. _
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Louis Chap-
polin, praying remuneration tor property taken for
the use of the United States; which was refened to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of Mar-
caret Hey land, praying a pension, and of Samuel
Knapp, a revolutionary soldier, praying to be al-
lowed arrears of pension; which were referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. C. also presented the memorial of citizens
of the city and county of Philadelphia, praying the
establishment of a national foundry at Port Rich-
mond, in said county; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the (House) bill for
the relief of Charles M. McKenzie, reported the
same without amendment.
Mr. GREENE, from the Committee on.Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the heirs of Crockcr Sampson; which was read a
first time. The accompanying report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. G. also, from the same committee, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill for the relief of
Asenatli Canney; which was read a first time.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Joint Committee on
the Library, reported a joint resolution, authori-
zing the employment of Hiram Powers to execute
certain statues for the United States; which joint
resolution was read a first and sccond time, and the
accompanying report was oidered to be printed.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the Speaker of
said House had signed the. joint resolution abro-
gating the convention providing for the joint occu-
pation of the Oregon territory. Also, that said
House had passed a bill to exempt canal boats
from the payment of fees and hospital money, and
a bill to enable the Secretary of the Navy to pur-
chase the right of using Mix's patent manger-
stopper.]
GENERAL ORUEIIS OF THE DAY.
The House bill, to enable the Secretary of the
Navy to purchase the right of using Mix's patent
manger-stopper, was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval A (Fairs.
The House bill, to exempt canal boats from the
payment of fees and hospital money, was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
OREGON " THE NOTICE."
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the joint re-
solution of notice for the abrogation of the con-
vention providing for the joint occupation of the
Oregon territory.
The Senate considered the adverse report of the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, of the rep-
resentatives upon the petitions of Samuel Beach,
Christopher Delazenne, Benjamin Durkee, and
Benjamin Van Valkenburgh; which were concur-
red m.
The Senate also considered the adverse report of
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, upon the
memorial of the heirs and representatives of Fran-
cis Vigo; which,
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, was laid on the
table.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions, upon the petition of Charles Larrabee;
which report was concurred in.
Also, the report of the Committee on Pensions,
on the subject of extending the provisions of the
pension act of June 19, 1840, to certain cases,
concluding with a request that the said committee
he discharged from the further consideration of
the subject; which request was agreed to.
[Several messages m writing were received from
the President of the United States.] i j
THE OREGON JURISDICTION BILL. jj
The next subject for consideration was the mo- j!
tion made by Mr. Breese, for the reconsideration
of the vote by which the bill to protect the rights
of American citizens residing in Oregon was refer-
red to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. ALLEN remarked that the bill had been
referred to the Committee on Territories, and after-
wards a motion to reconsider was made, and laid
on the table till this time. He presumed that the
mere fact of reconsidering the motion would not
necessarily change the direction of the measure.
Votes were frequently reconsidered in order to ac-
commodate Senators. He rose for the purpose of
expressing the hope that this bill would be at once
referred to some committee—he was somewhat
embarrassed as to what committee would be the
most appropriate. He desired to say, further, that
he hoped that the committee which might be charged
with the bill would alford the Senate an opportu-
nity of acting upon it as soon as may be.
It was beyond doubt that the convention now
subsisting between the United States and Great
Britain in relation to the Oregon territory would
soon terminate. Whilst that convention existed,
the citizens of the United States who were living
beyond the Rocky Mountains had the benefit ofits
stipulations. They were thus protected against
British legislation—against the existing laws of
England now in force there. But when the con-
vention should have expired, the citizens of the
United States beyond the Rocky Mountains would
have no law, no treaty, no convention whatever, to
protect them. They would be precisely in the
same condition in which the British subjects were
—amenable to British jurisdiction and to British
laws, and to none other. That being the case, it
seemed to him a matter of the utmost importance
that this act, or something like it, should be passed
as speedily as possible, in order that it might take
the place of the convention, as a means of protect-
ing American citizens, and to be in force at the
period when the convention should have expired.
The remoteness of the Oregon territory—the diffi-
culties which natuie had interposed against rapid
communication between the Government of the
United States and the shores of the Pacific, would
render it impossible to give effect to the bill in less
than six months from the date of its passage. It
would take that time to apply this law for the pro-
tection of the citizens of the United States in that
territory—it would take one-half of the time be-
tween now and the expiration of the subsisting
convention, which was now the only protection
whic h American citizens had against British law
111 Oregon. He mentioned this, merely to call the
attention of Senators to that important state of the
case, in order that all due expedition might be used
in carrying the bill into execution, so that it might
take the place of the convention in protecting A mer-
ican citizens in Oregon, the convention of course
expiring at the expiration of the notice, that it is
the will of the United States that it should termi-
nate, and that will probably be in about thirteen
months. At the end of that—the remotest period
—there will be no laws or protection for seven or
eight thousand American citizens beyond "the
Rocky Mountains; and in order to provide in due
time for that state of things he desired now to sug-
gest to the Senate the necessity of expediting action
on this hill.
Mr. HUNTINGTON understood his friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Bref,se,| who moved to reconsider,
to say that it was more proper that the bill should
be referred to some other committee; he (Mr. H.)
hoped, then, that on the general question of recon-
sideration, it would not be considered improper
by the Senator or the Senate to treat the subject in
that point of view. The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Allen] had very truly stated that there were very
important features in the bill, and to one of them
he had particularly referred—that was the section
extending the laws of the United States over the
whole territory of Oregon, so that these laws would
apply to all there on the expiration of the existing
convention. In that point of view, it becomes a
very important question whether the bill shall not
be modified in that feature. But he (Mr. H.) did
not propose to go into that subject at present. The
question now was simply as to the reference of the
bill. If it was to be referred to any standing com-
mittee—and he did not see any necessity for the
reference to a special committee—it did appear to
him that the Committee oil Territories was the ap-
propriate one. It was quite true that the bill com-
prised Subjects which in themselves might belong
to other committees. A part of it extended the
laws of the Territory of Iowa over the citizens of
Oregon—that should go to the Judiciary Commit-
tee; the fourth section provided for grants of land—
that was a subject for the Committee on Publie
Lands; the fifth related to Indian agents, which
was a proper subject for the Committee on Indian
Aftairs; the portion which had reference to military
objects, might go to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs; and that which related to mail-routes, to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. But
it had never been the practice to divide bills, and
parcel them out to separate committees. That
would be very inconvenient, and was, indeed, im-
practicable. The Oregon country was denomina-
ted a "territory" in the bill; and in his judgment
the Committee on Territories was the appropriate
one to which the bill should be referred. The bill
had come from the Committee on Territories in the
other House; and, in his opinion, no committee
was more competent to take charge of it here.
Mr. SEVIER remarked that the Senator from
New York [Mr. Dix] had the floor in reply to the
Senator from Delaware on the bill hefore the Sen-
ate; and as the morning hour, had nearly expired,
he moved that the further consideration of the mo-
tion to reconsider be postponed, and that the Sen-
ate proceed to the order or the day.
Mr. ALLEN desired to say one word. He had
no desire to protract this discussion. His sole ob-
ject was to get the bill referred promptly. He
would ask his friend from Illinois [Mr. Breese]
to withdraw his motion.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he had no feeling about
the motion, but he 
Mr. SEVIER rose to order.
The PRESIDENT reminded the Senator that
the question was now on the postponement.
Mr. BREESE then withdrew his motion.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the bill relative to French
spoliations prior to 1800.
Mr. DIX rose in reply to Mr. Clayton, stating
that, after mature consideration, he had come to a
conclusion differing from the' opinion of the ma-
jority of the Select Committee, of which he was a
member, and he felt it to be his duty to present-the
reasons which had brought him to this conclusion.
He would have preferred that the other member of
the committee, [Mr. Mangum,] who, with him,
constituted the minority, should have assumed the
task, in consequence of his greater standing and
experience.
Congratulating the Senator from Delaware on
the enviable position be occupied, having no per-
sonal friends or constituents to urge him on, with
reference to this bill, he expressed his regret that
such was not his own case. One-third of the en'
tire amount of these claims was in the possession
of citizens of New York; many of them were in
the hands of personal friends, and hence he had
the strongest inducements-to give a favorable con-
sideration of their claims, and to see justice done
to them. He felt pain that he had not been able
to bring his mind to a decision^ in harmony with
their wishes and interests.
Mr. D. recapitulated the course which had been
taken during this session in relation to these claims,
for the purpose of repelling the inference that the
committal to a committee favorable to the claims,
indicated a disposition on the part of the Senate
to adopt the most favorable view of the merits of
these claims.
He then went into a history of the treaties of
1778, between the United States and France; and
of the assistance rendered by France to us in our
struggle for independence. He desired to speak
of this assistance with proper respect; but he re-
garded the existing Government of France, at that
period, as acting principally with an eye to the in-
terests of their own country. Generosity was not
the attribute of Governments; it was only to be
looked for among individuals. With a view to
illustrate the history of that portion of our Revolu-
tion,which the Senator from Delaware had char-
acterized as the darkest period of our revolution-
ary struggle, he selected some portions of that his-
tory to bear him (Mr. D.) out in the view, that,
so far from being the darkest, it was one of the
most brilliant of its periods. France, therefore,
came to our aid, not in the moment of our distress,
but in the midst of our glory ,
