730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
In a memorandum of payments to Mr. Webster
by authority of the President, there is a minute
dated June 23,1842, " By cash returned, §5,000."
After drawing $15,000 to himself during fifteen
months, during which period there is no trace of
what he did with those large sums, he appears to
have returned one-third of the amount withdrawn.
Why return it if taken for any public purpose?
Where had it been kept? If in any place of de-
posits was it separate from Mr. Webster's private
funds? Did lie use it?
These $5,000 were returned ten days after, ac-
cording- to the published correspondence, his nego-
tiation with the British Envoy Extraordinary
began by conversational and confidential inter-
course, without protocols or other usual records of
such transactions.
In 1S43 Mr. Webster took to himself $2,000
more, making altogethei $17,000.
On closing; the account, crediting .the §5,000 re-
turned, and various other sums, there remained a
balance against him of $2,290 of the secret-service
fund. One of his credits against it was for $1,400,
published in House document, report No 29, first
■session, 28th Congress—report of Mr. Rogers for
maps, charts, surveys, and expenses of. bringing^
them to the scat of 'Government, and for copies of
transcripts, and for various agencies to procure in-
formation connected with the boundary treaty.
This inarticulate and comprehensive mixture of
many incongruous items, without specification of
prices, dates, or any apparent test of rectitude, Mr.
•Secretary Webster certified himself as a proper
credit for himself, and deducted from his debit to
the secret-service fund. Without that credit his
default to that fund would have been $3,690, in-
stead of #,2,290, which it was when he was re-
moved from oifice.
The $17,000 were in his hands, contrary to
uniform usage; if used by him, contrary to the
sub-ueasuiy act. Whether so, is for him to make
appear. The burden of proof is on him.
Secondly: Application of the aerrct-service fund
to corrupt party presses. The Ashburton treaty
bcar& date the 9th August, 1842. Congress were
then in session; and, as Mr. Adams lias charged
me lately—and I confess I did what little I could, as
one of a small minority in the House of Repre-
sentatives, (we had forty votes, I think, under the
previous question,) to resist a treaty which Mr.
Webster has lately stated in the Senate granted
near half a million of dolkus from the treasuiy of
the United Static to the people of Maine and Mas-
sachusetts—I then desired to contend, svhon put
down by the previous question, that the House of
Representatives had a constitutional right to pass
on such a treaty.
What 1 am now enabled to add of revelation
from the Department of Stale, will prove that my
instincts of aversion to the treaty were even truer
than reason.
In the Department of State, there is now a letter
signed F. O. J. Smith, niaikedprivate, dated Port-
Umd, the 12fh of August, 1812, addressed to Mr.
Webster, Secretory of State, substantially as fol-
lows:
It begins by congratulating Mr. Webster on his
settlement of the Maine boundary question by a
new mode of approaching the subject, after forty years
of diplomacy, without which new mode another
foity yeais of diplomacy would have come to no-
thing.
[Mr. F. 0. J. Smith seems to have .suggested the
boast with which his coriespondent, Mr. Webster,
hugged himself m his elaborate vindication in the
Senate."}
Mr. Smith informs Mr. Webster by this letter
that he had occasion to resort to services and influ-
ences, in order io adjust the tone and direction of the
party presses, and through them of public senti-
ment, to a purpose so desirable of accomplishment
under Mr. Webster's administration.
Mr. Smith, therefore, submits a claim or ac-
count, if I recollect right, in blank for Mr. Web-
ster to fill up, of which he calls for payment out
of the contingent fund. Mr. Smith presumes that
the contingent fund will be ample, and Mr. Web-
ster's control of it complete, to do whatever he
may think just.
The sums Mr. Smith vouches as got, by him
from Mr. Webster are $2,000 for services connect-
ed with the northeastern boundary, and two years
after he vouches $500 more, as will be shown.
Thirdly. Leaving the Department of State in
debt to the secret-service fund, $2,290. There-
cords of the department show this default beyond
all denial or question.
They show, furthermore, that it was neither paid
nor accounted for during nearly two years after
Mr. Webster's removal from office.
They show several letters sent to him by Presi-
dent Tyler's direction, urging payment, and eva-
sive letters of excuse from Mr. Webster for non-
payment.
At length, a peremptory letter that exposure
would or might be the consequence of more delay,
produced reimbursement. But settlement did not
take place till the 1st of February, 1845, ten days
before President Polk arrived m Washington to be
inaugurated, when Mr. Webster produced another
voucher from Mr. F. O. J. Smith, for an additional
$500, and other vouchers, one from George Smith
for §500.
George Smith, since dead, denied that he had
ever been paid or vouched more than §150, to.
which sum Mr. Webster reduced the $500 "at first
demanded, as his agent, now in Washington, will
prove.
Granting all the vouchers Mr. Webster produ-
ced, there was nevertheless a balance of about
$1,200 due from him, at all events, when he left
the department. That sum he was in default to
the sccret-scrvicc fund, after crediting everything
in the way of repayment, offset, or voucher, that
he claimed.
In all 1 have said in this affair, no allusion has
been made to any private aggravation. Regretting
the exposure forced from me, having afforded Mr.
Webster several opportunities to meet the charges
in his own way, that which he chose, left me no
alternative but this forbearing justification of my-
self.
A resolution, or committee, which I cannot in-
stitute, will soon test the truth of my statements.
Mr. I. having concluded—
Mr. ASUMUN rose and asked leave of the
House to make a brief reply.
Objection was made.
Mr. W. HUNT moved that the rules be sus-
pended.
Mr. PENDLETON demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordered.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON desired the Speaker to
state what the motion was.
The SPEA KER. it is for leave to reply in the
form of a personal explanation.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON. 1 did not understand
the gentleman as wishing to make a personal ex-
planation.
Mr. ASHMCJN. I will put the motion in such
a form that there shall be no question about it. I
appeal to the justice and generosity of this House
to allow me to reply.
The SPEAKER. All these explanations and
replies are foreign to ail the known rules and laws
of the House. They can only be received by
unanimous consent, or by a suspension of the
rules. And the Chair doubts whether, even un-
der the latter process, they can be regularly made.
After a brief convocation, in which Messrs.
BOYD, McKAY, HUNTER, and PENDLE-
TON, participated,
The question, " Shall the rules be suspended ?"
was taken, and decided in the affirmative, as fol-
lows:
VEAS—Messrs. John Ciiunoy Adams, Arnold, Ashman,
Atkin>on, Baiun^er, D.ijly, Bedui<?eii Jicll, l3oyd, Broek-
rnbrougb, Rrodhead, JJuiimgton, Hurt, William W. Camp-
bell, John II. Campbell, Cairol!, (\uheart, John G. Chap-
man, AuyustiH A. Chapman, Cnase, Cnipman, Cobh, Cocke,
Coilamer, Collin, Constable, Omndton, Cro/.ier, Daniel,
Dnruan, J)«irragh, Gairett Davis, Delano, Dilhnszham, Drum,
Dobbin, Doekery, jDunlnp, Erdman, John II. Evvmg, Faran,
Foot, Fnob, Garvm, Giddin^, Giles,Gordon,Gtalumi, Grin-
nf'U^ Grovcr, Uanilin, Hampton, Ilatrnan<-on, I-Iarpor, Hen-
ley, IIilhard, Hoge, I. E. Holmes, Edmund W. Hubaid,
Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, "Washington Hunt, James B.
Hunt, Iluntei, Charles J. Jngerr-oil, Joseph R. IngersoJt, Sea-
born Jones, Preston Km?, Thomas B. King, Lawrence,
Leake, L<mI>, La Sere, Levin, Ligon, Long, Lumpkin,
Maelay, AlcCielland, McConneH, "MeCrate, James Mc-
Dowell, McGaughcy, Mellvame, McKay, Miller, Morns,
Mor.se, Motley, Owen, Tarri^li. Pajue, Pendleton, Peinll,
Pettit, Phelps Pollock, Pi ice, Rathbmi. Relfe, Kitter, Rob-
eits, John A. Rockwell, Rank, Sawtcllc, rfcainjnoii.Schcnck,
i Seaman, Seddon, Severance, Alexander H Sim-*, Leonard
; H. Suns, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Stanton, Starkweather, Stephens, Strolmi, Sykes, Tliibo-
deaux, Tliomashon, Benjamin Thompson, ThurmHn, Tib-
batts, Tilden, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, Wentworth, Wick,
Wright, Yancey, Young, and Yo^t—137.
NASTS—Messis. JOigus, Reuben Chapman, Clarke, Culloin,
Cunningham, Gently, Haralson, Herrick, Hopkins, George
S. Houston, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Lewis,
Baikley Maitm, Root, Sawyer, Thomas Smith, Jacob
Thompson, White, Woodiufi', Woodward, ajid Yell—24. -
So the rules were suspended.
, And leave having accordingly been granted,
Mr. ASHMUN thereupon took the floor.
Mr. HUNTER rose, and requested of the.gen-
tleman the floor, to be allowed to propound an in-
terrogatory to the gentleman frojn Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Ingersoll.]
Mr. ASHMUN. Certainly,
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to ask of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania whether he ever received
any information on this subject from Mr. Trist,
who was then acting Secretary of State ?
Mr. INGERSOLL replied that he had received
no intimation or information of any sort from him.
Mr. 'BAYLY (Mr. A. further yielding the floor)
said-he believed he understood thegentleman from
Pennsylvania to disclaim imputing to Mr. Tyler,
the late President of the United States, any fault
in reference to the abuses that had been committed
in this fund. Did he understand the gentleman
correctly?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir.'
Mr. ASHMUN resumed the floor, and pro-
ceeded.
I was very confident, Mr. Speaker, (said he,)
that the sense of justice that prevails in this House
would not preclude me from an opportunity of re-
plying to the member from Pennsylvania. After
the repeated, deliberate, cold-blooded ebullitions of
that gentleman here 
The SPEAKER interposed to order. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts must avoid personali-
ties. Although the House had suspended its rules
to allow this debate to proceed, the Chair would/
take the responsibility of requiring the gentleman
to preserve the order of the House.
Mr. ASHMUN. Well, I suppose it was per-
fectly in order for the member from Pennsylvania
to utter all sorts of abusive epithets about an ab-
sent gentleman, and that a Senator, calling him by
name, too, and yet it is not strictly parliamentary
to impute any bad motives to 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no power be-
tween present and absent gentlemen, but he ,has
power between present gentlemen, and it must be
exercised.
Mr. ASHMUN, (resuming.) I intend to keep
myself strictly within the rules of oi-der. I was
saying, that I was sure, after the repeated, de-
liberate, premeditated assaults, which the member
from Pennsylvania has made on the distinguished
member from Massachusetts, this House would not
refuse to hear a word or two in reply, and the vote
of the House just taken has not disappointed' me.
I think the House, as the nation, are not only sur-
prised, but are mortified at the scenes which have
been exhibited here. The House has been de-
nounced abroad in the press, and by the people, for
its wanton violation of good taste and good man-
nersjbutl think an offence has been committed
here higher than that against good taste and good
manners. I thinlc an offence has been committed
against society, as well as against the reputation of
this House.. Is it not a matter of' mortification
that this House should be the vehicle of such re-
peated vituperation as we have heard and witness-
ed ? Is it not a matter of astonishment, pure, and'
unminglcd astonishment, that a member, who has
lived so long in public life, and who ought to know
what reputation is worth, (if indeed it is worth any-
thing to him,) should be willing so often, repeatedly,
with words written down, to come into this House
and attempt to destroy the fame of a distinguished
man—a fame which is a part of the property of the
people of the United States? If he was a young
member, just entering into political life, who desired
to gain some fame by his connecting his name with
the name of the high and distinguished individual,
whose character he was endeavoring to traduce, it
would not be so strange. The member from Penn-
sylvania told us the other day that he first metMr.
Webster in public life thirty-odd years ago. Well,
from that time to this has he ever received the
slightest cause of offence from Mr. Webster? I
appeal to the whole nation to say that, however
strongly Mr. Webster has spoken of parties or of
principles, all his speeches have been free from per-
sonalities. I do not believe, or know, that any,
the slightest, cause of offence has been given by Mr.
Webster, unless it maybe that one that may ran-
kle in his bosom—that he (Mr. W.) has left him
alone; that he has fathomed enough of his charac-
