1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
733
made up tradition tells us somewhat—this docu-
ment tells us somewhat. This is the certificate of
Judge Hopkinson. Under the direction of the Dis-
trict Attorney the grand jury returned six hundred
and fifty-one bills of indictment in a certain tea
ease—which was all one transaction. It arose upon
two or three cargoes of tea that were delivered out
in violation of the laws to A, B, C, &c. The Dis-
trict Attorney was directed to prosecute them, and
instead of libelling- them in one or two accounts,
he libelled "each package, haying six hundred and
fifty-one bills of indictment issued out, on each of
which he levied his charge of costs. Now, it may
be said it was according to law; Judge Hopkinson
certified this enormous amount, it was true; but he
considered it was an unusual charge, as every law-
yer knows; and it was a charge much greater than
lie was entitled to under the spirit of the law. And
besides this, he brought in a charge for other ser-
vices—for extra official services. And after this
amount was made up, judgment was rendered
against him of nearly $4,000 in 1837, and it was
not satisfied till March, 1839. I am reminded itis
a fact, that the jury only allowed about one-fifth of
the account presented.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL interposed (Mr. Asu-
mun yielding the floor) and said: 1 regret the neces-
sity which constrains me to take any part whatever
in this proceeding. From the beginning it has
been to me a cause of much pain; and I have care-
fully refrained from everything in connexion with
it, except when duty has required that I should
give a vote. I have voted, and 1 have done no
more. In relation to the particular statement now
made, T am not at liberty to preserve silence. Thus
far the controversy has been one in which my feel-
ings of affectionate relationship were alone con-
cerned. A different situation is now created. 1
was counsel for the District Attorney in the suit
with the United States. On tlm trial of the cause
I was his only counsel. 1 know, Mr. Speaker—
I well know—the facts connected with the rase.
They were such as did not, for a moment, that I
have ever heard, excite a suspicion of otficml or
personal delinquency on the purl of the individual
concerned in them. He had long held the ofHro
of District Attorney. Very hu;;e su inn of money
had, during a course of years, pawned through his
hands. It was interesting to himself, and, as might
have been supposed, it was scarcely less interest-
ing to the Government, that his accounts should be
settled. He endeavored repeatedly, and for a
length of time, to bring about a settlement. His
efforts were fruitless. No adjustment was made,
lie could not, in the nature of the thing, bring suit
against the Government, or otherwise compel what
he so much desired and so anxiously Nought, lie
therefore, with the advice of counsel, gave notice
to the proper department that he luul some funds
in his hanus, and that he would require suit to be.
brought against him as the only means of eHVeting
a fliil and final settlement, and that in the mean
time the fund should be invested for the benefit of
the United States. Suit was brought. An ac-
count of items was exhibited, amounting to more
than a million of dollars, which had been officially
received by the District Attorney, and ho was re-
quired to exhibit vouchors for the payment of
them to the proper authority. He did so with en-
tire clearness, and to the satisfaction of the judge
and jury. A balance of between three and four
thousand dollars remained, and a verdict was found
accordingly. The conduct of the District Attor-
ney during the whole transaction was, in my esti-
mation, perfectly honorable, and I have never, thut
I recollect, until this moment, heard a suggestion
from any quarter to the contrary.
It has been in a collateral manner only—one
known especially to myself—that I have lclt my-
self at liberty, and under an obligation, to inter-
pose. It is my intention, from motives thnt will
meet with unhesitating response—motives of pe-
culiar delicacy—to refrain as much as possible in
the future, as I have done in the past, from taking
any part in this controversy.
Mr ASHMUN resumed. I yielded with the
utmost cheerfulness to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, whose near relationship to the other gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania entitled him to be heard,
and whose high and honorable character entitles
him to belief, as far as he states facts. So far as
his opinion may be influenced by the delicate po-
sitionin which he stands to the other gentleman,
I leave for the House to decide.
But in relation to these facts, I agree that the j
gentleman from Pennsylvania did urge, time and
again, a settlement—a suit to be commenced; and
when that suit was commenced, its result was, that
judgment was rendered against him for nearly
$4,000, and that balance was not paid up until two
years afterwards. The gentleman says, in his
opinion, his whole course was highly honorable.
I leave it for the House, for the world, to judge in
relation to his bringing 651 cases out of one trans-
action—out of which he sought to accumulate a
monstrous amount as an offset to the charges of
the treasury against him.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, (in his seat.) Did you
read the printed testimony m that document?
Air. ASIIMUN. It is of two students in the
District Attorney's office. A certificate furnished
years afterwards by the foreman of the grand jury.
Did not every lawyer know that the grand jury
weredirected, instructed, counselled in their course,
by the advice of the District Attorney?
But I leave this matter, with the facts of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, which are all true, and
with the opinions lie has pronounced; and I ask
the House and the world to pronounce upon these
| facts. Sir, for what purpose was it that on the
! immediate accession of General Jackson to office,
this District Attorney was tumbled head and heels
out of office? Genera! Jackson scented it out; his
keen sagacity hit upon it, and lie was immediate-
ly displaced.
Well now, under such circumstances, and from
such a source, these charges come. What are the
charges ? Charges of peculation—charges upon
Mr. Webster of the personal use of this fund.
Now, no proof has been piodueed to sustain the
truth of this charge. it has not been sustained by
one particle of evidence that the gentleman has un-
dertaken to stale to the House, that that seeret-ser- I
vice fund Was taken possession of by Mr. Webster. i
The House knows that it is utterly impossible; j
that it cannot be true; that that fund is under the !
direction and control of the President, and can only i
be obtained on the certificate of the President; and j
when 1 saw lite liule by-phy by which the gentle- j
man fiom Vn^iuiu |Mr. Haw.y] called upon the j
gentleman from Pennsylvania to exempt Mi. Ty-
ler from any connexion with tins transaction, 1
understood it perfectly well, and 1 know equally
well that Mr. Tyler has said, and now says, thai
not one dollar was expended but under his direc-
tion. And 1 know further, the insidious efforts
that have been resorted to to get Mr. Tyler to take
ground on this subject against Mr. Webster.
Mr. O. J. lNUliiliSOLL. By me?
Mr. ASHMUN not returning an immediate an-
1NGIORSOLL repeated the question: By
me *
Mr. ASIIMUN. Yes.
Mr. INCrKiUSOLL. it is utterly false.
The SPKAKKR rapped to order.
Mr. lINUhiRSOhL, (still standing and contin-
uing his sentence.) It is a lie; the He of acoward.
Mr. AiSIIMUN resuming. Yes, the nged Penn-
aylvanian—
Mr. INGERSOLL, (interposing.) I am quite
young enough.
Mr. ASf 1 MlTN. Yes; the aged Pcnnsylvanian
comes here to use language towards me which he
supposes can provoke a personal conflict. I come
fVom n section of country where they neither be-
lieve m duelling, bowie-knives, or pistols. Wc
are neither afraid of them nor do we use them.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, (in his seat.) Nor of
getting drunk'
Mr. ASHMUN, (continuing.) The member
from Pennsylvania supposed by using that phrase
he would disturb my equanimity. If he chooses
to try whether i am afraid, let him try and he will
find out.
I stated that insidious efforts have been made to
induce Mr. Tyler to take ground on tins subject
against Mr. Webster. I believe when the ^etitle-
man first found he was to be disappointed in the
proof, that efforts were made by him, or at least
with his connivance, for this purpose. And it has
been stated in the public papers that certain gentle-
men were requested to do so. I will not vouch for
all that is said in the papers; but when I have seen
the means resorted to—that the secret archives of
the Government have been broken into for the ob-
taining the means of detraction, 1 am at liberty
to state all I know in relation to other effoas.
swer,
Mr.
I come back, Mr. Speaker, to the charge that Mr.
Webster has used the public funds. The gentle-
man says $17,000. Where is the proof? ft rests
entirely upon the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
He says he has obtained it; and in so saying, he
admits his own shame; that he has been where he
has no right to be. He professed to read what he
called a letter, Plow much of that was his own
comments, and how much the true letter, we do not
know. It purports to be for the corruption of the
press. Well. I beg the gentleman to answer how
much money it will take to buy up the Democratic
press in Maine. Even if a thousand or two dol-
lars had been used by Mr. Tyler and Mr. Webster
for the purpose of circulating information among
the people of Maine so as to bring them to agree
upon a conventional boundary, of the justice of
which they were satisfied, Mr. A. considered it no
worse than the giving the public printing to editors
of the political press. But was this corrupting
the public press? It is all idle. There is not
the slightest evidence of it except the mere state-
ment of the member from Pennsylvania. How
much that is worth I leave the House to decide.
Sir, this embraces substantially all the charges
made by the member. I have not time to go more
particularly into details. He has again written a
communication on this subject, which will probably
receive notice elsewhere. 1 have said all I intend-
ed to say. I have endeavored to discharge what I
conceived to be my duty—to hold up this odious
slander before the community for their disgust and
their contempt. And although I know, until hu-
manity is somewhat purified, there will be some
that will countenance the member from Pennsylva-
nia m the atrocious vilification he has pursued, yet
1 do believe that men of all parties—gentlemen of
honor—hi^h-minded gentlemen, who hold the
character of our public men to be part of the pub-
lic property, will do full justice to ail parties in re-
lation to this accusation—that they will fix upon
its author the mark of reprobation and condemna-
tion, which will stand unefl'aced until repentance—
long, deep, and sincere—shall have claimed mercy
for him.
Mr. COK15 rose to offer a resolution.
Mr. SCll ION CK rose to a question of privilege.
Air. COH15. Mine also is a privileged question.
The resolution was read. It provided that all
debate in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the bill to establish " the Smithsonian
Institution" should cease in two hours after it
should have been taken up.
And Mr. C. demanded the previous question.
Mr. GRAHAM moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK (to the Speaker.) Is the res-
olution of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb]
a privileged question, or a question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. It is considered a privileged
question, not a question of privilege. There is a
material distinction between the two.
Mr. SCHENCK". I am aware of it. I rise to
a question of privilege as to the rules which govern
this House in their communication with the Execu-
tive departments. I offer this resolution:
The resolution was read as follows:
Whereas this Hnuse,oa the !'th davof April instant, pass-
ed ii resolution, which is in the woids and terms foliowms:
lissolrcrf. That ihc President of the UmtuI States he re
4queued to cun-c m be furnished to tlu>< II'ui«p an account
'of all pavments made on President*'certificates from the
fund appropriated by law through the agency of the State
'Department, for the contingent expenses of foreign inter-
•course, mice the 4th day ol Maieh, 1841, until the letire-
' ment of Daniel Webster from the Department of State, with
'copies of alt entries, letters, receipt*, vouchers, rriehiOian-
' dums, or other evidence of such payments, to whom pnid,
< for what, and ^particularly oil concerning the nonhea>-iem
k boundary dispute with Great Britain. Also copics ot wlmt-
'evei communication!* were made from the Secretary of State
4 during the last session of the 'iTth Congress, partieulaiiy
4 February. 1Mil, to Mr. Cashing and Mr. Adams, members of
1 the commit to- of tiu> floiw on I\ re f;n Atfaiis,of the \\ ish
' of the President of the United State< to institute a .-peoml
1 minion to Great Britain. Also copies of all letters on the
'books of the Department of State to any officer of the United
'States, or any person in New York, concerning Alexander
'MeLeod: Prov-ulcd, That no documentor matter ihrequest
' ed to b;; furnished by the foregoing resolution which, in the
'opinion of the President, would improperly involve the ciit-
'zen or subject of any foreign Power," w hicli paid resolution
was communicated to the President of the United States;
and whereas the President, on the 20th day of April instaaf'
communicated to this Draw his reply to said resolution, m
which he declined to disclose oi furnish any information in
regard to the expenditure ot the secret-service fund, assign-
( ins/, among other reasons, the following: that if the Pi evi-
dent may answer lite present call, he must answer similar
•' calls for even -ueh < xpenditure of a confidential character
