736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28.
Mr. SEVIER remarked that he had been inform-
ed that this work, which was an important one,
had been prepared, and was at present in the office
of the Secretary of the Treasury, who deemed it
valuable and useful. It was simply on that con-
sideration that he (Mr. S.) had offered the resolu-
tion. If the work were indeed as valuable as it
was represented to be, there could be no question
as to the propriety of passing the resolution, and of
printing the work. If otherwise, it would be, of
course, rejected. There had been a variety of con-
flicting views relative to the construction of the
revenue laws; and the object of the work in ques-
tion was, as he understood, to class these differing
constructions so that everybody could perceive at
one glance the former operations of this most im-
portant department of the Government. He did
not wish, however, to press the matter at present.
He desired to see the Secretary of the Treasury
in relation to the subject; and for that purpose he
moved that the resolution lie on the table till Thurs-
day morning.
. Mr. ALLEN asked the honorable Senator to
withdraw his motion for a few moments. It was
very well known that several instances had occur-
red in which a conflict of opinion had originated
relative to the construction of the revenue laws by
collectors, giving rise to a return of duties in the
end. If it were the object of the compilation now
sought to present the orders by which that de-
partment put a construction on the revenue laws,
and at the same time to present a report of the
amount of duties returned in consequence of dif-
ferent constructions put on the laws by the custom-
house officers, and thus to exhibit the necessity of
greater accuracy in future legislation, then the doc-
ument would seem to be of importance. He im-
agined that something of that kind was in contem-
plation by the gentleman at whose instance the
motion had been made. Having said this, he (Mr.
A.) would remark, further, that there was great
propriety in the observation made by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] with regard to those
indiscriminate calls, and the indiscriminate expen-
diture with which they were followed. But this
document was already prepared; and of course with
regard to it the argument grounded on the labor
and expense had not any application. It was cer-
tainly well enough to have the document submit-
ted to the proper committee, in order to afford them
an opportunity, after examination, of expressing
their opinion as to the propriety of printing it,.
Mr. EVANS observed, that if the matter was to
lie over he did not know that he was called on to
make any rcmaiks at present. But. he would state
that he objected to the resolution the other day, be-
cause it called for the opinion of the Secretary of
the Treasury as to the utility of such a work. Pie
(Mr. E.) did not consider it expedient for either
House of Congress to call for the " opinions" of
Heads of Departments. They could judge for
themselves. lie had remarked the other day, that
if lie was rightly informed, that it was a very use-
less work. He believed he ought to retract or
modify that expression, by saying that he knew
nothing about its value. It was the supplement of
a work prepared and laid, a year or two ago, be-
fore the Committee on Finance. The late Senator
from New Hampshire, Mr. Woodbury, and he
(Mr. E.) himself, had examined the work, and
decided that it was not worth the expense of print-
ing—that it was entirely worthless in every re-
spect. That was the principal work. What the
supplement was he did not know. But he knew
that the committee did not recommend the printing
of the principal work.
Mr. DAVIS here inquired what were the con-
tents of the principal work ?
Mr. EVANS replied that about one hundred
pages were occupied with the titles of acts of Con-
gress, and nothing else. It was culled " A Synop-
tical Index.'' Nothing was given as to the nature
of the laws themselves. Ail that, indeed, had been
well given in a very good work, now extant, "Gor-
don 's Digest.'' Then a large number of pages were
occupied with the details of leturned duties,and the
substance briefly of certain treasury constructions
of all the revenue laws ever in existence, whether
repealed or not. For instance, it gave the tariff of
3816, and divers questions relative to the rates of
duties. And so with that and other laws not now
in force, and for which others have been substitu-
ted. Of what earthly importance was it to know
the construction put on laws existing fifty years
ago, and long since repealed ? Of what value was
the information, that twenty-five years ago a for-
eign vessel paid this or that tonnage duty? . So
with a great many other matters, entirely obsolete
—out of date—and the details of which were of no
possible interest or value now. His memory was
not very distinct as to the character of other por-
tions of the. work; but at the time, after due exam-
ination by the committee, it was not regarded as of
any value. That portion of the work was now on
their table. He had no objection that ihesupple-
mental work should be submitted to the Committee
on Commerce or the Committee on Finance, in or-
der that they might ascertain whether it was really
of any value, unless the fact of calling for it inclu-
ded any expenditure for the preparation of the work.
According to his recollection—he spoke, however,
with some hesitancy as to the-perfect accuracy of
his recollection of the matter—it would turn out
that the work was the result of voluntary effort,
without any authority at all, made by the compi-
ler, in the hope that it would be purchased by Con-
gress. He thought tlrere had been no law to au-
thorize it. There was an appropriation made three
or four years ago for a work of this description,
and the next year an additional appropriation was
made for its completion, as it had been begun. In-
stead, however, of doing what was then in con-
templation by the head of the department and the
Committee of Finance, those engaged in the work
had been going on ever since, making what addi-
tions they pleased. He (Mr. E.) had an impres-
sion, derived from information communicated by
the late Secretary of the Treasury, that he suggest-
ed the stopping of the work altogether; but it was
carried on voluntarily by the compiler, in expecta-
tion that Congress would compensate him. He
supposed that, after all, the object now sought was
to obtain an appropriation to pay for the compila-
tion, and then for the printing. Now, as he had
already said, he had no objection to call for the
work, unless the call was with the view hereafter
of approving the compilation, and printing it.
Mr. ARCHER thought that he might invoke
the attention of the Senate to a manifest prejudice
on the part of his honorable friend from Maine,
when he said that he did not know anything of the
work, and then went into details as to the charac-
ter of another and different work. He (Mr, A.)
understood that the whole work was a history ab
initio ofthe treasury operations of the United States
m relation to the custom-houses and land offices."
He differed from his honorable friend in regard to
the value of the first part of the work, although
referring to laws which had been repealed, and the
matters which he had designated " obsolete." It
was desirable to be able to refer to that history, if
for no other purpose thau to ascertain the modifi-
cations made in the laws, and in that way to realize
the benefit of these modifications. But this is an
addition to the work already authorised and paid
for, he supposed, under the appropriation to which
allusion had been made, and the object of it was to
exhibit the modus operandi of the treasury in rela-
tion to custom-houses, and the public land offices.
The resolution did not look to any appropriation—
it merely asked that the compilation already made
be brought before the committee, so - that it might
be submitted to it; and certainly that would be an
impartial examination, as the Senators from Maine
[Mr. Evans] and Missouri [Mr. Benton] were
members of that committee. The purport of the
resolution was nothing more than to ask for what
was already prepared. Not a farthing was asked
for the transcription. It was only asked to bring
the work here, and subject it to the examination
of a committee, of which two gentlemen opposed
to the resolution were members, in order that they
might pronounce whether it was of any value or
not.
Mr. DAVIS did not rise for the purpose of op-
posing measures of this sort. He did not know
what the contents of the work were. But if made
up of titles to laws which had been repealed, as
was the case with regard to most of the revenue
laws; or, if it were made up of correspondence be-
tween the comptrollers and collectors and heads of
the department, under the various acts which had
been framed, he, for one, could not see of what
possible value the work could be. The corre-
spondence between the comptrollers and collectors
of the various districts and the head of the Treas-
ury Department was very voluminous, and he
thought that gentlemen would find it to be not onlv
very unentertaining, but very uninstructive, be-
cause it related to matters which had become a part
of the history of the past. Of what Importance
was it whether duties had been returned or not re-
turned ? Occasions had.oecurred where the duties
had been returned by false construction of various
acts. How did that happen > Why, one year the
h6ad of the Treasury Department gave one con-
struction of an act; -next year there would be an-
other head and .another construction, followed, of
course, by applications for a return of duties paid
under the former construction. Such things would
of course occur so long as men's minds differed in
the construction of the law, but the correspondence
thus elicited was, in his judgment, of small value.
He had, however, no sort of objection that the
work should be called for and examined, if no ex-
pense were to be incurred. As to the revenue
laws themselves, they had-been very well given in
" Gordon's Digest;" Works giving all the neces-
sary information as to the operation of the laws
could be had in any of the booksellers' shops.
There was no lack of information on that point.
Mr. SEVIER regretted that he was not able to
give the information desired by Senators relative to
the contents of the work. He had not been able
to obtain leisure to visit the department and obtain
the information. He had been requested to ."offer
the resolution, and had complied. But from what
he had been told, he had no doubt that the work
was one of merit and value, and should be in the
possession of the Senate. An accurate knowledge
of the treasury laws was of obvious importance;
and if the work gave only their-titles, it was not
destitute of interest and value. The Secretary of
the Treasury regarded the work as a valuable one.
As to the objections relative to expenditures for
the work, he {Mr. Sevier) would only remark
that every one who knew him would, he believed,
acquit him of regarding with favor any movement
attended by an improper expenditure of the public
money. He had always been opposed to any un-
necessary printing. But the work had been pre-
pared, and he thought that it would be proper to
examine it, in order to ascertain whether it was
worthy of being printed or not. He renewed his
motion to postpone the further consideration of the
resolution till Thursday next.
The motion to postpone was then put and agreed
to. .
CLAIMS OF NEW HAMPSHIRE.
The Senate considered the motion submitted by
Mr. JARNAGIN, to reconsider the vote here-
tofore taken upon the question of ordering the bill
for the payment of the claims of the State of New
Hampshire against the United States, to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
Mr. ATHERTON believed that this bill for pay-
ing the claims of New Hampshire was denied a
third reading, in consequence of an entire misap-
prehension on the part of several gentlemen with
regard to the merits of the claims. It was on their
representations that they had voted without a tho-
rough understanding of the question, not having
had an opportunity of examining it fully," that he
had been induced to move a reconsideration of-the
vote. It seemed to him* that the only objection
which had been urged against the claims of the
State of New Hampshire on the Federal Govern-
ment, had been entirely superseded and done away
with by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Webster,] not then in his seat, in the speech
which he had made the other day in relation to
the Ashburton treaty. As he (Mr. A.) understood
the objection urged against the claims, it was to
the effect that tins territory was always considered
as within the acknowledged jurisdiction of the State
of New Hampsliiie. Now, those who recollected
the statement made by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts on the occasion referred to, would
remember that he took quite a different view of the
subject. He admitted that, before the award of the
King of the Netherlands, jurisdiction had been ex-
ercised by the State of New Hampshire over this
portion of territory; but he [Mr, Webster] assert-
ed distinctly, not only that the British also claimed
jurisdiction, but that, after that award was given,
they undertook to exercise jurisdiction there; and
the Senator also intimated that there was pretty
good ground, on the part of the British, for under-
taking to exercise jurisdiction there, claiming to
himself a good deal of credit for rescuing the terri-
tory from the British by the treaty which gave it
