788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
they sought to build up a name which should live
after them; and such, rather than any feeling for
humanity, so much lauded, was the motive that
guided them. In the present case he saw abun-
dant evidence of this disposition in the appoint-
ment of the Government of the United States as a
trustee to carry out this splendid vanity.
Mr. S. then proceeded to contend that the Gov-
ernment was not instituted for any such purposes
as the administration of charities. There was no
grant of power m the Constitution admitting such
an exercise. And as there was no such power,
and as this fund was still under our control, and as
the trust had not been executed, it became Congress
to pause, and to retrace, so far as possible, the er-
rors it had already committed. There was but one
power in the Constitution under which this char-
ity could be administeied, and that was as a local
legislature for the District of Columbia. But that
would not fall within the intention and design of
the testator. It was not intended that this fund ]
should be applied to the exclusive purpose of the j
use of the District of Columbia. The only true I
course would be to reject all these plans, including j
the substitute which had been offered by the gen- j
tleman from Massachusetts, [Air. Adams.] And I
if this were done, he (Mr. S.) pledged himself that, 1
should no other member do so, he would introduce j
a bill repealing all laws heretofore enacted on this !
subject, and giving authority mid direction for the j
restoration of the money to the British chancery. ;
It could then be devoted to purposes in England ;
similar to those which had been contemplated in i
the city of "Washington. The only difference i
would be in the location of the institution. |
Mr. ADAMS said, in this matter he was in !
favor of carrying out the principle of the ancient
proverb—" Catch the bear before you sell his
skin." But a very small portion of these funds
was now in the treasury; and the bill proposed to
take from the treasury the money of the people of
the United States, raised by taxation, to the amount
of seven or eight hundred thousand dollars, to be
expended in lieu of the fund of the late Mr. Smith-
son, which was not in our power at present. The
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Sims] said
that this money was to be considered as if it was in
the treasury of the United States. Mr. A. would
be very glad if he could so consider it.
Mr. SIMS said, in the report which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts made to this House a
few years ago, he took the identical ground that
this money ought to be considered in the treasury,
and that Arkansas, and the other States m whose
bonds this fund was invested, were debtors of the
General Government.
Mr. ADAMS replied, that if any report made
by him three or four years ago stau-d that this
money was to be considered in the treasury of the
United States, he would inform the gentleman and
the committee that he had had some experience
since that time thnt convinced him very perfectly
thnt it was not in the treasury of the United
States.
It was the office of the amendment which he pro-
posed, to try to get it back into the treasury, to
enable the Congress of the United States to redeem
the pledge which they gave, by the acceptance of
this fund, to this nation, to the memory of the tes-
tator, and the civilized world, that it should be
faithfully applied according to the intentions of the
donor. The money was not in the treasury, and
could not, without a violation of all reason, be
considered in it.
The question whether the treasury of the United
States, or the people of the United States, were
responsible for this money and for its application,
according to the inient of the testator, Mr. A. was
understood to say, was another question. If it
weic necessary now, in order to redeem the plight-
ed faith of the nation, he was ready to vote an up- j
propriation of that amount, or of ten times that ]
amount, to be raised by a tax upon the people, i
But he did not think the contingency had arisen, ,
and especially that it had not arisen for the appli- '
cation of the money to any of the purposes pro-.
posed in this bill. " ;
He had heard with great delight the learned and !
ingenious remarks of the gentleman from Vermont:
[Mr. Marsh] a few days since; and especially that'
portion which advocated the application of that
fund ultimately to the only purpose of erecting a |
great and magnificent library, instead of the paltry ;
application of $5,000 a year out of the more than  
§30,000 which this sum ought to give us. There
was no other object to which it could be more
worthily applied to promote the object of the tes-
tator.
To the main object proposed by the bill—viz:
the application of a large portion of the fund to the
education of teachers of normal schools—Mr. A.
expressed his decided opposition. He would rather
have the whole money thrown into the Potomac
than to appropriate one dollar for that purpose.
Mr. A. alluded to some facts in the history of
this fund, showing his own connexion with it, the
circumstances under which it was received, the in-
vestment, three days after it was received, of
$500,000 in Arkansas bonds, and the remainder in
bonds of Michigan, Illinois, and Ohio; the payment
by Ohio of her interest and the failure on the part
of Arkansas to pay a cent of her interest, &c.
Mr. THURMAN (Mr. A. yielding) inquired
for information of Mr. Adams whether this invest-
ment in the bonds of Arkansas was made without
any warrant or authority of law?'
Mr. ADAMS. The fact is directly the reverse.
Mr. A. stated the circumstances under which the
legalized investment was made. On a bill for the
support of the West Point Academy, a provision
was engrafted (he said) that this fund should be
invested in State stocks. He commented upon the
incongruity of the two subjects in terms which ex-
cited the merriment of the committee.
He next reviewed the legislative history of this
subject during the four Congresses which have
elapsed since the receipt of the fund eight years
since, giving a minute account of the various prop-
ositions made in reports to both Houses of Con-
gress, and their respective fates—none of them
having received the sanction of both Houses.
When it first came before Congress, and he be-
lieved this money was in the treasury of the Uni-
ted States, he was of opinion among the sciences
the pursuit of which was recommended by the tes-
tator, that of astronomy was the first to which a
portion of the interest should be applied.
In the administration of this fund there were two
or three principles that should be pursued. One
was, that it should never cost the people of the
United States a dollar—that it should support itself.
Another, that no part should ever be applied to the
ordinary purposes of education of children. He
felt on that subject something the feeling of the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Ciiipman,] that it
was unworthy the people of the United States to
receive foreign aid for the education of their chil-
dren. It was their own duty to do it for them-
selves, and not to depend on any eleemosynary
bequest for it. There was no way in which the
States could more degrade themselves than by rely-
ing on foreign aid or on the General Government
for the education of their children. He differed
with him on other points, however, and thought it
highly proper that it should be received to carry
out the intent of the testator, for the "increase
and diffusion of knowledge among men."
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, inquired of the
gentleman from Massachusetts the power under
the Constitution by which Congress was autho-
rized to accept and administer this fund ?
Mr. ADAMS. If the gentleman will point me
to the power in the Constitution of the United
States to annex Texas, I will answer his question.
Mr. SIMS. If the gentleman finds the power
under the some clause, it is certainly a novel clause
under which to claim it—that which, in express
terms, permits new States to be admitted into the
Union.
Mr. ADAMS. I presume the gentleman con-
siders that a constructive power; and if so, it will
answer for what it is worth. He (Mr. A.) could
find in the Constkuiion many clauses besides that
authorizing Congress to provide for the common
defence nud general welfare. What means more
efficient to this end than the increase and diffusion
of knowledge among men.
Mr. A. further opposed the application proposed
by the bill under consideration to the ordinary
purposes of education, on the ground of the ine-
quality of the benefits it would confer—the State
of Massachusetts, (a fact of which he was proud,)
the State of New York, the "Empire State," and
Virginia, another empire State, (to whose citizens
our present Minister to Brazil, before he left the
country, addressed a letter, calling on them to tax
themselves for the education of their children—for
which Mr. A. should honor him, if he had never
done anything else in his life,) and other States-
having themselves made provision for the edu-
cation of their children, so that they would not
thank Congress for mailing this application of this
fund. The State of Indiana, from which the gen-
tleman [Mr. Owen] came, who reported this bill,
had property enough to "take" care of her own
children, without wasting this fund for such a
purpose.
He would say nothing, further of other provis-
ions of the bill. Some of them were proper/others
were not. But an experience of eight or ten years,
since we received this money, had shown him,
that whenever distinguished scientific men were
called upon for their opinions,, scarcely two agreed.
In addition to the application of a portion of this
fund to the science of astronomy, there was an-
other provision which he found, and which he was
happy to see this bill made, viz: that no portion
of the fund should be appropriated—that it should
he a perpetual fund. It was the interest which
was to be applied.
But in the mean time, while this delay had taken
place, he was delighted that an astronomical ob-
servatory—not perhaps so great as it should have
been—had been smuggled into the number of the
institutions of the country, under the mask of a.
small depdt for charts, roc. There was not one
word about it in the law. He would like to ask
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Sims,]
where was the power under the Constitution to
make this appropriation ?
Mr. A. D. SIMS said, he did not know; but
since the doctrine promulgated by a distinguished
President of the United States, of erecting light-
houses in the skies, had grown into popular favor,
he should presume that the gentleman would find
no difficulty as to the question of power.
Mr. ADAMS said he was very glad to hear that
it had grown into popular favor. The appropria-
tion for this astronomical observatory, he repeated,
had been clandestinely smuggled into the law,
under the head of a depot for charts, when a short
time before a provision had been inserted in a bill
passed, that no appropriation should be applied to
an astronomical observatory. He claimed no merit
for the,erection of the astronomical observatory;
but in the course of his whole life, no< conferring
of honor, of interest, of office, had given him more
delight than the belief that he had'eontributed, in
some small degree, to produce these astronomical
observatories, both here and elsewhere. He no
longer wished any portion of this fund applied to
an astronomical observatory.
Nor did he think it important to the people that
any provision of this bill should be carried-into
effect immediately, but rather that measures should
be taken to induce the States to pay the interest'on
their bonds, and then let the money be appropria-
ted to any purpose on which Congress could agree
more unanimously than on this bill.
He noticed among the objections made, that
against making of this institution an incorpora-
tion. He urged that it was indispensably neces-
sary to form the board,into an incorporation; that
unless it were done, the'funds would be wasted in
fiye years; that there would be no power in the-in-
station, not even the power of succession; that
it would fall into the hands o£ a joint committee of
Congress, who would dispose of itas faction, party-
spirit, or caprice should dictate. He scouted the
idea of the unconstitutionality of the establishment,
by Congress, of the corporations in the District of
Columbia, as in contravention of the uniform
legislation of the country, in the corporation of
colleges, benevolent societies, the National Insti-
tute, &c.
In conclusion, believing that they could not agree
very well on this bill, and that, by the time we got
this money of Arkansas and the other States, they
could agree better, he sent up to the Clerk's table,
where it was again read, the amendment of which
he gave notice last week, (and which was then
published in the Congressional Globe.)
On the faith (he said) of observations of the gen-
tleman from Michigan, that Michigan had regu-
larly paid the interest on her bonds, he modified
his amendment, by srriking out the word u Michi-
gan.M wherever it occurred therein.
[Whilst Mr. Adams was speaking, the Speaker
resumed the chair informally, to receive a message
from the President of the United States, by the
hands of J. K. Walker, Esq., his private secretary,
informing the House that the President had yes-
