1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
terday approved and signed the joint resolution of
notiee to Great Britain, to annul and abrogate the
convention of 1827 respecting the Oregon terri-
tory.
. ADAMS remarked": A propitious interrup-
tion of the-few remarks—worthless, in comparison
•—which I was addressing to the committee !1
When Mr.'Adams had concluded—
Mr. TIBBATTS rose to propose an amendment,
which, not being: at the moment in order, was not
presented,,
Mr, -A. JOHNSON expressed himself favorable
to the adoption of the substitute amendment of Mr.
Adam-s; but proposed, if that substitute-should be
voted down, to amend the first section-as follows:
Strike out all after the word " next," in the 11th
line, to the word " be," in the 14th line, and insert
the following:
" And actualiy paid into the treasury of the Uni-
ted States by the States which have borrowed and
• used said fund."
Mr. J.-was satisfied (he said) that a large ma-
jority of the House was opposed to taking this sum
out of the treasury, for the purpose of establishing
such an institution as was contemplated by tlii's
bill. It was true that the money had been received
by the Government oflheUnited States; but if the
Government had been acting irt good faith, and had
vested these funds in bonds of the States, and these
States had repudiated or refused to pay, was there
a man here, who at this time would be willing to
take this amount out of the pockets of his constit-
uents for the erection of an institution of this kind ?
Was this Government bound to levy a tax upon
the people for such a purpose ? If it had'been act-
ing fairly as' a trustee, if it had acted irt good faith,
and if this fund had been lost and destroyed, and
not intentionally perverted or misapplied, it was no
more responsible than any other trustee under such
circumstances would be.
Some conversation took place between Mr. J.
and Mr. Sims of South Carolina, as to the legal
liability of trustees in certain cases.
Mr. J. insisted that there was neither authority
for, nor justice in, taking this sum of money from
the pockets of the people for the establishment of
this institution, and he contended that no substan-
tial good could result to the mass of the people,
and that an annual appropriation would be neces-
sary from the treasury of the United States to keep
it in operation.
Mr. RATHBUN said he-knew very little about
this subject. He had taken very little pains to ex-
amine the bill before the committee. He had read
no reports from previous committees. He had
heard what had been said in relation to the project
generally.. And there were a few things connected
with facts known to everybody which would con-
trol his vote.
We had received a fund of half a million of dol-
lars and'upwards, and had pledged the faith of the
Government to execute the trust in the manner
directed by the will of.the testator—a solemn pledge
in which every department of the Government had
united. The fund was received for a particular and
specified purpose—a purpose noble in its object,
and 'desirable to all men who had any regard for
the welfare of the human family. We had received
this money, he repeated, to be applied to a specific
purpose. Had it been so applied ? Wc were told
that we were not in possession of the money; that
it had been loaned out improperly and improvident-
ly to States that refused to pay. Were we autho-
rized to loa;n it to States whether they would pay or
not? Was it given to us to be loaned out to any
one? Was it not expressly designed by the per-
son who gave it to the Government that it should
be applied to a particular purpose, and none other ?
And was it not received on the condition that it
should be so applied ?
After yielding for an inquiry to Mr. A. Johnson,
Mr. R. proceeded. This Government had misap-
plied a fund given for a specific purpose; and when
it was called upon, through a respectable commit-
tee, to appropriate the money to the object for
which it was received, it was no answer to say,
" We have loaned it out to the States, and they
cannot pay-us." It would not answer for an in-
dividual to say so—still less for a nation like ours.
"We were bound to-day, and we had been bound
every day, when Congress was in session, for eight
years past, to appropriate the money honestly,
without undertaking to avoid the just responsibil-
ity by an excuse which was one of our own crea-
tion. Arkansas, it is said, would not pa)', and
some other States refused to pay the interest.
That was a matter between this Government and
the State of Arkansas, and was no answer to the
solemn pledge given to apply this money to a spe-
cific purpose.
The question arose, how should the money be
appropriated ? What was the mode best calculated
to produce the most beneficial results ? One gentle-
man wanted a library; another, an observatory; a
third, common schools; a fourth, farming schools;
a fifth, some other particular object; and among the
number was that proposed by the bill under con-
sideration. For his own part, he did not feel dis-
posed to object to any plan bearing plausibility on
its face. He was in favor of expending the money
in some way, and upon some scheme, faithfully
and honestly; but, above all, he was in favor of
appropriating and expending the money, whether
the final result should be good or not. fie wished
to wipe out the stain which rested on the character
of this Government of withholding the money be-
cause we were not able to discover the best mode
of expending it. Let us take one step—let us do
something; and if any blunder should be commit-
ted, experience would enable us to correct it. In
his judgment, a library was tire least plausible of
the schemes proposed. The plan proposed in the
bill was, in his opinion, one of the best that had
been suggested.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. A. John-
son] had asked whether any gentleman here would
take the money from the pockets of the people for
this purpose. lie, (Mr. ]{.,) for one, answered
" yes." Let us take this money winch the Gov-
ernment had taken, and, if gentlemen pleased, had
squandeied; let us honestly appropriate it and ex-
pend it as was designed.
He represented a constituency who would be
among the last in the world to withhold a fair and
honest expenditure of the public money, because
the Government representing the people had misap-
plied it. He had no fear of a constituency worthy
to be represented here, for doing what was honest
on behalf of the Government and reputable on be-
half of themselves. We had had the gold, as we
had been informed. It had been placed 111 the pub-
lic treasury. It had not been wasted by accident.
It had been applied under the deliberate action of
the Government. The Government held the bonds.
Tt might at some future day receive the money for
them; but he did not believe in the propriety of
waiting until, by " moral suasion," or any other
kind of persuasion, the money was to be recovered
from that improvident loan. 'He was ready to vote
for the bill in which, so far as he understood it, he
could discover no objectionable fcatuics. It had
boon digested and arranged by a committee as com-
petent in point oftcarning, judgment, and capacity,
as could be found in this or any other country.
Some confidence must be placed in their recom-
mendations, otherwise no action ever could be had
on the subject. If the plan had defects, time would
develop them, and the proper remedy could bo ap-
plied.
Mr. FICKLIN opposed the hill. He thought, !!
however, that the good faith of the Government -j
required that this money shotdd be considered as
being in the treasury, and that wc could not excuse 11
ourselves by saying that the fund had been loaned j
out to the States, and could not now be realized.
The objections which he entertained to the bill ij
applied to all its sections; but to the first, his ob- |l
jection was radical. He alluded to the connexion jj
to be established between this institution and the jj
treasury of the United States. A million of dollars j
would be required to meet the deficiency in this j
Smithsonian bequest. |
He was willing to expend the money for a libra-
ry; or in carrying out the proposition.! of a substi-
tute bill which he had prepared—in building a
house and providing a library, and for scientific
apparatus. He was in favor of any system, or
plan, by which the fund could he disconnected from
the treasury of the United States.
Mr. OWEN desired to inquire whether the gen-
tleman proposed to appropriate the principal, or
the interest only ?
Mr. FICKLIN said he was willing that the gen-
tleman and others who were the peculiar friends of
the bill, should take their own course in that respect.
He (Mr. F.) was willing tc apply the whole of the
principal, or a part of it, to keep np whatever insti-
tution might be adopted; or he was willing that the
sum of $500,000 should be loaned to some natural
or artificial person, and that the interest alone
should be applied. He was indifferent on that
point. The great object he had in view was, he
repeated, the disconnexion of the fund from the
public treasury. He was for any bill in preference
to this.
Mr. OWEN. Does the gentleman understand
that one dollar, except that belonging to the Smith-
sonian fund, is appropaiated by this bill either
presently or prospectively ?
Mr. FICKLIN. The first section of the bill
connects the fund with the treasury—places it in
the treasury.
Mr. OWEN. Not places it there; it was placed
there eight years ago.
Mr. FICfCLIN. Exactly so; but this bill re-
cognises it there by law. Then the interest is to
be paid upon the money, out of the treasury. This
is sucking the life-blood from the treasury. We
do not want to create a perpetual debt of interest
upon half a million of money, to be paid whilst
this Government endures. We want 110 such pol-
ypus—no such wen fastened upon the Govern-
ment. As to present or prospective appropria-
tions, I say that the machinery, the paraphernalia,
connected with this bill, cannot be carried out 011
a respectable scale for less (Mr. F. was under-
stood to say) than one million of dollars a year.
It is, to be sure, provided that the money shall not
come out of the treasury at present; but do we not
know that subsequent Congresses can enlarge the
appropriations? Experience should teach us to
guard against everything of this kind.
Mr. F. regarded the bill as one of the most odious
and abominable ever presented here. He would
rather see this half million returned to the British
Court of Chancery; he would rather see ten mil-
lions sunk to the bottom of the Potomac, or melt-
ed, or destroyed, than see this bill pass.
Mr. THURMAN said that he had heard it sta-
ted this morning that the investment of the Smith-
sonian fund in State bonds was an act unauthorized
by law. Not having time to investigate the laws
himself, lie had privately inquired of a number of
members wheihersnrh was the tact, but they were
unable to inform him. He had thereupon made
the inquiry of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Aoams,] whose acquaintance with the subject
was so thorough. The inquiry was important;
for if the investment was an unauthorized act, it
would not do for this Government to shield itself
behind the misconduct of its officer, and say that
the money is not in the treasury. But if, on the
other hand, the Government had, in good faith, in-
vested the fund so that it might produce interest
until an application of it should be made, pursuant
to the design of the testator, then the objection of
the.gentleman from Massachusetts, that the money
is not in the treasury, is entitled to great weight.
For, as a general rule, it is the duty of a trustee to
make the trust fund produce interest; and the Gov-
ernment of the United States probably did right in
directing this fund to be invested, and ought not,
as a matter ot' course, to be held bound to reim-
burse it at any moment on a failure to pay b v those
to whom it had been loaned. Whether the invest-
ments made were judicious or otherwise, Mr. T.
did not know. He had not inquired, for it was
not his purpose to cast censure anywhere.
As to the merits of the bill under consideration,
Mr. T. would do nothing more than express an
opinion, without going into any argument what-
ever. He could not vote for the bill, unless it were
most materially changed. He was opposed to the
erection of an immense institution at the city of
Washington, that would ultimately become a charge
upon the treasury, and would necessarily be partial
in its operations and benefits. He was rather in-
clined to believe that the best disposition of the
fund that could be made, would be to invest the
interest arising from it in a library. There were
great objections to this plan, to be sure. They had
been forcibly stated by the chairman of the select
committee, [Mr. Owen.] But there was one great
recommendation it possessed that strongly influ-
enced Mr. T. That was, that though it might not
effect the greatest amount of benefit that could be
produced by the fund, it was not liable to the
abuses to which all the other plans would prob-
ably give rise. It would create no large body of
office holders, no patronage, no favoritism, 110 par-
tial, sectional advantages.
Mr. OWEN wished to say a few words in reply
