~ "W
742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April %%
DUTIES OF THE NAVAL BUREAUS.
The bill to change the distribution nf duties
among the several naval bureaus tvas taken up,
when
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved that it be laid on
the table until the return to the city of the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr.
Fairfield,1 when he (Mr. H.) would call it up
again.
The motion was agreed to.
MICHIGAN LAND BILL.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill granting alternate
sections of the public domain for completing cer-
tain works of internal improvement m the State of
Michigan, and for other purposes.
Mr. PHELPS expressed a willingness to ac-
commodate the friends of this bill, but suggested
that there were other bills deserving of coiisideia-
tion, on the score of priority; and, anions: others,
the bill for the relief of Skinner, which had been
already debated, and would, if at.ted on immedi-
ately, be disposed of without further discussion.
_ Mr.-SPEIGHT obseived that this bill had been
discussed for two or three days already, and he
thought it might now be piomptly disposed of, af-
ter which the bill referred to by the Senator from
Vermont could be taken up.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he was disposed to sup- ,
port the bill mentioned, although he should prefer i
some modification made of its provisions; but he,
would like that it should not be taken up at this
time, for the reason that it was expeoted that a re- j
poit would soon be made from the select commit-
tee of which the Senator from .South Carolina [Mr. i
Calhoun] was chairman, relating to the subject |
of donations of lands to the States for internal im- [
provements, in order that some general system
might be adopted.
Mr. CALHOUN observed that it mipht be prop-
er for him to state, as the Senator from Florida had
alluded to the subject, that it would probably take
some time to finish that report, as the subject was
a complicated one, and required a good-deal of de-
liberation . As far as the Michigan bill was con-
cerned, he understood the principle was simply
giving alternate sections of the public land for the
purpose of enhancing the value of the remainder.
Upon this point he would say that he had not the
slightest doubt that the Government not only had
the right, as proprietor of the public domain, to
grant portions of that domain for such a purpose,
but that it was the duty of the Government to do
so. The Government, in his opinion, ought to be
ashamed of allowing their lands to be enhanced in
value by the exertions and at the cost of a State,
without contributing in some degree to produce
this result. Whether the particular works in this
case were of such a description as to induce the
belief that the object of the donation would be at-
tained, or whether the extent offered for selection
was not too great, were matters for the considera-
tion of Senators. If he were entirely satisfied on
these points, he would be glad to see the land
appropriated. He thought, however, that there
ought to be a piovision introduced securing to the
Government the right of transit upon the road in-
tended to be constructed, at least so far as the
transportation of munitions of war.
Mr. WOODBRIDGrE observed, that if it were
the desire of any Senator that the matter should be
postponed till another day, he had not the slightest
objection. If any gentleman desired further mfor-
mation relative to the details of the bill—the na-
ture of the contemplated works—the topography
of the country, and the necessity of the work it
was proper that the further consideration of the
bill should be postponed. The principal reason,
however, which had operated with himself in wish-
ing the matter deferred, was the absence of his
colleague, [Mr. Cass.] That gentleman was now
in his seat, and of course that reason no longer ex- j
isted. _ For himself, he was ready to give any in- I
formation relative to the bill at any time when the '
benate may think proper to take it up. j
The bill was taken up, and the Senate proceed- !
whole HS consil3eratlon as in committee of the
The first question being- on an amendment here-
tofore offeree! by Mr. YvtBE—
Mr. YULEE withdrew the amendment.
r. SPEIGHT asked for a reading of the bill.
j The PRESIDENT inquired if the Senator de-
sired the reading of the whole of the bill ?
! Mr, SPEIGHT replied, that he desired only the
i sections describing the grant to be read,
| The portion of the bill alluded to was then read.
We annex a copy of the bill entire, as follows:
A BILL to apply certain alternate sections of the public
domain towart] the completion of works of internal im-
provement in the State of Michigan, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and JHousz of Representatives
of the United Shtfc* of America in Congress assembled, That
there be. and hereby is, granted to the"-State of Michigan,
for the purpose of aiding said State, and for the reiititrarse-
meut of expenses incuncd i:i extending and completing the
£i Detroit and St. Joseph railroad/5 fn the said State of Mich-
igan, a quantity of land equal to one-half of five sections in
width, on each ?ide of said jail road, between Ann Arbor, in
< • the county ot Washtenaw, and the mouth of the 8? Joseph ;
i river of Lake XFirhigan, m the county of Berrien, to he se- ;
,; leered by an a^ent, or arjenf:?, to be appointed by the Gov- :
'j eiiiOi of >aid Statu, subject to the approval of the Secretary
, of the Treasury, reservinj eneh alternate section of the land
unsold to the United States; and the land so reserved to
! the I'mtcd States shall not bo sold for less than two dollars
and filtv cents per acio. And as some of the sections and
| pairs: of Mictions withm the limits aforesaid hare been here-
| tofcre fold, or otherwise deposed of or encumbered, so that
, the}' cannot be so applied; it is further enacted that a quan-
: tity of land equal to that so fold, or otherwise dhpo^ed of
,! oi encumbered, shall he seJceted by said a^nt, under the
j dnecliton of the Seeretaiy of the Treasuiy, 'from"the public
; l<mds near the bite of raid iailroad, on either side thereof.
, The said Kind heiehy gianted to the State of Michigan, to
i be Mibjcet to the disposal oi' the JjCgHature'thereof, for the
I purpo&es aforesaid, ami no other: Provided, That the said
; laih oad <-1.111 be and icmnui a public highway, for the use
p of the Government of the United States, free from toll or
j otlvr chaiie upon any eai- or carnages the said Government
' may piaee'thereon, and upon any pioperty or troops of the
j United Status said Government may place therein: And
provided, also., That the said raihoad shall be completed
within twenty rears ; or d><: that the said State of Michigan
shall be bound to pay to the United States the amount of
any of <=aid jrranf'd lands previously sold by xaid State, the
titles o{ purchasers under said State remaining valid.
Six. {3. Andbeitfurther cnacted, That there be, and Iiere-
; by is, granted to the paid State of Michigan, for the purpose
• of aiding the said State to complete the ".Clinton and Kala-
j mazoo canal," so called,  quantity of hind equal to one-haJf
ol five sections in width, on each si do of said canal, between
"Rochester, in the county of Oakland, m said State, and the
Grand Rapids of Grand riverof Lake Michigan, in the county
of Kent; or the designated point of the tenimialion of s^aid
Clinton and Kalamazoo canal, on the Krtfamazoo river of
Lake Michigan, in the county of Allegan, in said-State; or,
at the election of the Legislature of Michigan, (if said Legis-
lature should deem it expedient to complete said canal to
both it* western termini,) between said Rochester and each
of said proposed terminations thereof; and reserving each
alternate section of the land unsold to the United Suites, to
b-> selected by an ag"nt or agents to be appointed by the Gov-
ernor of said State, but subject to the appioval of the Secre-
tary of (he Treasuiy; and the fands so reserved to the United
States shall not be sold for less than two dollars and fiftv
cents p->i aero. And as some of the sections, or parts of the
sections, within the limits aforesaid, have been heretofore I
sold, or othenvise deposed of or encumbered, so that they :
cannot be so applied, it is further enacted, that a quantity of i
land, equal to that sold, or otherwise disposed of or encum- '
bered, shall be selected by said agent or agents, tinder the
direction of the Secictaiy of the Treasury,"from any public
lands (not otherwise appwpnated, or disposed of, or encum-
bered) near the site of said canal, on either side thereof. The
said lands hereb\ granted to the State of Michigan to be sub-
ject to the disposal of the Legislature thereof, for the purpo-
ses afoiexaid, and no of her; Provided, That said canal, when
completed, shall be and forever remain a public highwayfbr
the use of the Government of the United States, free from
any toll oi other charge whatever, for any property of the
United States, or peisons in their service, passing through
the same: And provided, also, That said " Clinton and Kala-
mazoo canal" *ha!l be completed to one or both of its west-
ern termini within twenty years, oi the State shall be bound
to pay to the United States the amount of any lands previ-
ously sold by said Suite, the title of purchasers under the State
remaining- valid.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That before it shall he
competent for the Legislature of Michigan to dispose of any
of the lands in the first and second sections of this act men-
tioned and granted, a chart or charts, showing the courses
and distances, and points of termination of said canal and
its branches, and said railroads, shall be ieported, or caused
to be reported, by the Governor of the State of Michigan, or
by some person or persons to be by him appointed, to the i
Commissioner of the General Land Office. j
Mr. SEVIER submitted an inquiry to the Sena- j
tor from Michigan, [Mr. "Woodbwdge,] the terms ,
of which were not distinctly heard by the reporter, j
but the purport of which will be seen from the i
answer of !
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, -who said that he would
state, in reply to the honorable Senator, that the
entire length of the railway from one terminus to
the other was two hundred miles; but the.bili con*
templated the commencement of this appropriation
at a distance of forty miles from one terminus, so j:
that the bill applied only to one hundred and sixty 'j
miles of the railway. The canal was originally i j
two hundred and sixteen miles long, of which !j
some sixteen or twenty miles had been finished; i;
and the bill contemplated the commencement of 11
the appropriation from the point up to which the
State had already finished the work. The appro-
priation designated was for five miles, or aa equiv-
alent on each side—ten mUes in all—the same as
the appropriations made in favor of f)hio and In-
diana lor precisely similar purposes, but to a larger
amount—the aggregate amount accruing to the
State falling short of what was given for public
purposes to either of those States just named.
M[r* BEEESE said that he had been very-much
pleased to hear the views expressed by the honora-
ble Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun}
in relation to the principle of the bill. He 
Mr. SEVIER asked the indulgence of'the Sen-
ator from Illinois for one moment whitei he put ai*
inquiry to the Senatorfrom Michigan, [Mr, Wood-
bridge,} He wished to know whether the works
belonged to the State of Michigan?
Mr. WOOD BRIDGE replied that Iboih the road
and canal belonged to the State. But the pecunia-
ry circumstances of the State were such, that it be-
came indispensably necessary that some disposition
should be made of the debt which still hung over
the State. The State had been driven to the pain-
ful necessity of passing an act for the sale of this
very railroad. The canal was not yet touched.
The contract, however, was not to be completed
until six months after the passage of the act, which
was in 'March last. He (Mr. W.) had a letter
from Dr. Benton—whose name was perhaps fa-
miliar to members of the Senate—informing- hiia
that till that time it was m the power of either par-
ty to withdraw. If this bill were passed, the State
would be enabled to proceed "with the work. If the
bill did not pass, they would lose all the public
works which had been commenced, and be irre-
trievably in debt-besides.
Mr. NILES rose to oppose the bill. It appear-
ed that the State of Michigan bad become embar-
rassed, and unable to proceed with the works which
had been commenced, and had recently passed alaw
directing them to be sold. Of course, then, the rail-
road would become the property of some company,
or of private individuals,, who would have the bene-
fit of it as a matter of right,, if they purchased it. It
was, he thought, a very serious question, whether
they would not h&ve the, benefit of all t2ie rights of
the State pertaining to that *oed. Well* Congress
was about to make a grant to that Sta,fce y not a gen-
eral grant, but a -donation with a specific applica-
tion, which was to complete the road. "Whether
that grant was to accrue to the benefit of the pur-
chasers of the road was not decided. He was not
much of a lawyer, but he thought it very question-
able; at least there was reason to believe that the
donation would accrue to the benefit of the com-
pany, because it was made for the specific purpose
of completing this road. It seemed to.him that the
sale would carry the grant with it. At'all events,
they were called on to assist the State to complete
a work which it had abandoned. They Were then
about to benefit some speculating concern about to
seize on the road, and take the benefit of it in some
Way or other. This was not, in itself, a small
matter. ^ He need not repeat what he had said oh
this subject on another occasion. The very unex-
pected remaps of his ftiend behW -himx.{Mr.
Calhoun,} had induced hisrt to rise at present.
That Senator had. abandpiied the ground which he
had hitherto occupied. He (Mr. N.) was sorry
to see him abandon the great, salutary, and conse-
crated doctrine of the old Democratic party, in its
original and best days. He was sorry to hear that
Senator talk of the power of this Government to
mate roads and canals by reason of an accession
of power in the character of proprietors. Indeed,
in the face of such an opinion, he (Mr. IS.) felt
almost discouraged to express his own views.
Against a doctrine so broad, so illimitable as that,
it was useless to bring arguments there, particu-
larly as it was sustained by such a distinguished
Senator, who had hitherto stood up manfully and
powerfully in the support of what he (Mr, N.)
believed was the sound principle on the subject,
according to the just construction of the Constitu-
tion. "What! did the possession of property <wa
the pail of this Government give Congress an un-
limited power to do anything ? Why, such a prin-
ciple included the Cumberland road, andaH roads,
and everything connected with the public domain,
everywhere throughout the Union. There was no
limit to such a doctrine. It was the very root and
source of this great evil. It"commenced with this
fallacious idea, without properxonsideration on the
