744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 29,
with the rights of the State of Michigan. It leaves ;
tiiem as it finds them. It proposes to grant to the
Legislature of the State certain tiacts of land, to en- !
able it to complete a great road, and to dig a canal j
across the peninsula. If it accept the trust, it will .
exercise its own power, and the works will goon, j
It' it do not, there will be an end to the matter, and j
the act will remain a dead letter upon the statute- '
book.
So much for the constitutional question. But
(said Rlr. C.) wlxy should this giant be made?
The Senator from Connecticut gees no reason for
it. He sees only in the proposition a useless ex-
penditure of the public means. If we look further,
(said Mr. C.,) we shall see in these grants a wise
and just, as well as a settled policy, which has pre-
vailed ever since the establishment of the Govern-
ment.
Congress is a landowner, and as a reasonable
one, should, in the disposition of ils property, be
actuated by tile same motives which operate "upon
individuals. It must, in the first instance, survey
its land, and then establish ils principles of sale,
and its offices for selling it. These arc indispensa-
ble and preliminary steps. Its domain is an im-
mense one. It has been difficult of access. And
the General Government has found it absolutely
necessary to make roads to and through various
parts of it. These it is not necessary to advert to,
for they^ are well known to all who are familiar with
the subject, commencing with the road through the
Northwestern Territory, alluded to by the Senator
from Illinois, iunning from Wheeling "to Maysville, j
in 1796. #&ny landholder seeking to dipose of his ;
large landed interest, would ask himself what im- |j
provements lie could make to give it greater value j,
and a readier sale. This is a dictate of common ij
•sense, us well of every day's experience. Roads, |i
every one knows, facilitate settlements. They in- j |
vite the pioneers along tliem, and encourage and !i
enable them to penetrate into the interior of the >1
country, and thus in succession cause more tracts j;
to become valuable, and to be brought into market, i
Nor is it necessary to produce this result that the i!
road should pass through each tract of the public
land, as ttie honorable Senator from Virginia seems
to suppose. Such a system of improvement would
be impossible. The effect. of a great road in in-
creasing the value of land, is felt far beyond the
immediate line of the road, and the farther as the
road is the more important. These great arteries
have lateral communications opening into them.
Other things being equal, their effect increases as
neappioach the road, but it operates for a long
distance. The pioneer fixes himself upon the road,
and when these positions are all taken, those in the
rear are occupied; and thus the process goes on.
And though the land on the contemplated railroad
is sold, still its effect, as a means of value, is felt in
the whole country through which it passes, and
insures a better and speedier disposition of the pub-
lic land.
As before said, while in a Territorial state, these
improvements are made by the General Govern-
ment. When that political condition gives way to |j
a State government, the improvements should be j j
effected through their authority. j j
But there arc higher considerations than mere jj
questions of profit, which bear upon this subject, '1
Much is due to that enterprise, and industry, and
privation, which have built up a new world west ii
of the Allegany mountains. I
Mr. C. said he thought if the Senator from Con- 1
necticut could have seen the process bv which the
forest is made to cive way to the wonders of im-
provement, lie would not only vote for, but advo-
cate tlu; bill under consideration.
Mr. C. said that both himself and his colleague
could speak from long experience upon this sub-
ject. He had ciossed the Ohio almost half a cen-
tury ago, and his colleague ata still earlier period;
and he had in his eye at this moment a valued .
friend (alluding to General Vance, of Ohio, who
stood in the lobby) who was also familiar with all
those early scenes, the remembrance of whit his
now fading away, who was one of the first pio-
neers in Ohio, and whose public and private char-
acter and conduct command respect and regard
wherever he is known. They liyd seen an empire
start into existence, then covered by an iuternuna- 1
ble forest. A handful of people had incieased lo
five millions, and the increase had been in all the
°^'rn01_a' as well as material advancement.
Mr. C. had sought it as a land of promise, and had i
found it a land of performance. The world had
seen no such rate of progress. In Europe they
heard of it, and read of it, but never could realize
it, for there was nothing like it, nornear it, in all
history. It is probably the proudest monument
of human exertion, which it has been given to man
to erect. Mr. C. bad seen it, had participated in
it, in.its commencement, its progress, and its great
rtsult. He could speak of It from personal knowl-
edge. He had mingled in it, and much of his life
had been passed upon the very verge of civiliza-
tion, and not a little of it even beyond. And it
was his deliberate opinion, that no community, be
it where it may, could exhibit nobler characteris-
tics than are to be found in the enterprising popu-
lation of the western country. And how (said Mr.
C.) has all this been done? "VVhy, the honorable
Senator from Connecticut, to illustrate liis own
views, has told an anecdote of a merchant, who,
boasting' of his profits-, said he had doubled his
capital in the course of a day. And'being asked
how, replied, he had put new marks upon his
goods, and thus doubled the prices. And when
told of the increased value, which improvement and
settlement give to a new country, this is the an-
swer of the honorable Senator. I can tell that
honorable Senator, that it is not by such marks as
these, that a wilderness gives place to towns, and
villages, and farms. The forest is brought down
by far different marks—by industry, and enter-
prise, and privation, and want, and suffering. Mr.
C. said, he had often thought it required more
moral courage for a man to go into a thick forest
with an axe upon his shoulder, to open a farm,
than to go into battle. Tile money of the new set •
tier is generally exhausted in the purchase of liis
land anil ill preparatory arrangements. Ho be-
gins with but little besides his own energy, and
for years perhaps he has to struggle with difficul-
ties which no man -who lias not seen can appreci-
ate; and with a family around liim to excite his
solicitude as well as to share his privations. He
is ultimately rewarded, but his reward comes after
many a day of toil and night of trouble. Is nothing
(said Mr. C.) due to such a state of things? That
population has built up your western country. It
has given to your treasury almost two hundred
millions of dollars. It has enriched your domain,
which yet embraces more than one thousand mil-
lion of acres, including the ceded and uneeded In-
dian claims. Will you do nothing? Will you
have your bond?—your pound of flesh, and your
blood, too? You own, or have owned, the whole
country. The first payment to be made must be
made to you. The whole value of the country
passes from the pockets of individuals intp the
treasury of the public. Are we to go on (said Mr.
C.) doing- everything, and you doing nothing?
You do not even pay your share of the ordinary
expenses of State government, without which prop-
erty would be valueless and society could not ex-
ist. You have the benefit of our taxes, but pay
none yourself. For (Mr. C. said) he put out of
view the poor consideration offered for this exemp-
tion on the formation of State governments which
the Territories must accept, or leave your land
wholly free under the original ordinance. Mr. C.
said lie doubted whether there was another Gov-
ernment on the face of the earth which would have
settled such a country at so small an expenditure
or such slight encouragements.
Let us not be told, as we have been told, that it
is not for the Government to take any measures to
encourage the progress of settlement. What would
this country now be, if the Alleghany hounded the
Republic' What would be its prospects, if an in-
terdict were hud upon the further advance of its
citizens ? How long before the scenes which afflict
humanity in the Old World, and every day threaten
its repose, would be. transferred here? How long
before a dense population would he seen seeking
uncertain employment, and would fmd a scanty
subsistence, and that not without the aid of pub-
lic bounty, barely sufficient to prevent starvation r
When the population of a country is surrounded j
by such circumstances, the evil becomes a social i
and not a political one—incurable, without an j
entire reorganization of society. Strong minds, \
pressed down by adverse difficulties, make $iem- •
sell es fell in efforts directed a<rainst the Govern-
ment. The acquisition ofpropeity is utterly be-
yond the reach of the great masses. Life holds ;
out no hope of a comfortable support in its decline.
Here strong minds and strong passions may re-
ceive a different and a safe direction. They have
no reason to wage war against social or political
systems. A moderate share of industry will give
to every man a farm, on which he can sit down and
surround himself with liis family. Landowners,
as a'class, are unknown in this country. We are
ail stimulated by the hope of those rewards-which
are within the reach of all.; Our extensive domain
invites enterprising young men to occupy and im-
prove it. Instead of being shut up in cities, and
employed in manufactories, and witnessing the
scenes which such a state of things bring with them
in Europe, and may eventually bring with them
here, they seek new homes in the West, acquire
land, and have thus a most permanent interest in
the prosperity of the country.
Mr. C. said that, in his opinion, one of the first
.elements in the safety and stability of our institu-
tions was this very power of emigration and settle-
ment. Many a strong mind, which might excite
difficulties if kept down by adverse circumstances
in the midst of a dense population, finds free scope
for enterprise and exertion in the vast domains of
the West. And for long generations to come,
while this outlet is open, and these rewards thus
held out, he believed we had nothing, to fear for
the permanency of our institutions. Mr. C. did
not consider it necessary to advert to other con-
siderations connected with the growth and progress
of our Republic. These are sufficiently obvious,
and find sufficient response in every American
heart.
Independently of the more general views, to
which Mr. C. had already alluded, applicable to
the whole national domain, and which dictate the
necessity of local improvements on the part of
Congress as the means of enhancing the value of
the public property, Mr. C. said there are other
considerations which applied with peculiar force to
the State of Michigan. A large portion of that
State consisted of a peninsula, projecting as it were
into the British dominions. No man can foresee
what, or how soon, exertions may be required to
repel or to make attacks in that quarter. We
should be prepared for reasonable contingencies.
This bill contemplates the completion of a rail-
road, and the making of a canal, almost" parallel
with each other, but at a considerable distance
apart, across the peninsula. If carried into effect,
they will greatly facilitate .all necessary communi-
cations. for four or five months in the year na-
ture interdicts navigation in all that region. At
that time a road is indispensable to preserve a
proper communication. Should circumstances sud-
j denly require an increase of force upon our border
| adjoining Canada, a railroad would enable the
Government to place it there speedily and eco-
nomically. But, besides, from Lake Krie to Lake
Huron, a large part of the water communication
is commanded by the Canadian shore. There is
indeed no probable state of things that can be fore-
seen, which, in the event of hostilities, could pre-
vent us from taking possession of that portion of
Canada. . Ap_art from other considerations, the
disparity of physical force is too great to per-
mit any doubt as to the result. - But such opera-
tions demand time, and before they could be com-
j pleted, positions might be taken on the eastern
; side of the Detroit and St. Clair rivers, which
| would forbid all communication between Lake
I Erie and the country above. Our intercourse,
j then, must be maintained by roads or canals across
i the peninsula, and that intercourse might be essen-
j tial to the defence of the country. The last war
taught us some lessons, which, if another should
unhappily come, ought to be turned to profit. Our
■ principal effort would undoubtedly be made below;
: but still no portion of the country would be yield-
ed without a struggle, nor gained without power-
! ful exertion. Mr. C. said lie hoped that such a
state of things would not soon arise. Still, pru-
dence at all times dictated that we should look to
probable consequences, and, as far .as may be,
guard against them. Mr. C. said that his col-
; league had explained so ably and clearly his views
of this whole matter in a speech honorable to him-
self, and satisfactory to the Senate, that he did not
feel it necessary to go into all the details there ex-
plained. His colleague had shown the financial
condition of the State, and had shown conclusively
that its inability to pay its debt resulted from cir-
cumstances beyond its control. It had been cheat-
ed, swindled by the banking institutions, in a man-
ner that ought to send individuals to a penitentiary
