748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
AprSt-fig,*!
stage of the proceedings.] He had hastily glanced
at a substitute offered by his colleague, [Mr.
Hough,] just laid on his table, and which he
thought was less objectionable than the original
bill. Yet, sir, i feel, in common with others, what
is due to the honorable gentleman from Indiana,
[Mi. Owen,] the chairman of the committee, for
his exertions in this matter, and know how difficult
it is to frame a bill to meet the views of all; but
difficult as it might be, it was no reason why a be-
ginning should not be made to carry out the inten-
tions of the testator.
Mr. A. D. SIMS offered a substitute for the bill;
which was read.
Mr. GULES submitted an amendment, provi-
ding for the publication and distribution of books
fur the instruction of the blind; which was read.
He would say nothing in favor of the amendment
just read, for it would be a libel on the House to
suppose that any argument in favor of it would be
required. He took it for granted that the commit-
tee would now act on this subject, and he could
not behove that the proposition of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] would receive
the sanction of the committee. In the face of the
world we had assumed tins trust. "We had taken
the money under the will of this distinguished
stranger, but we had delayed, for a long time, the
execution of the trust. He hoped the faith of the
United Stales would not be allowed to suffer any
injury in the eyes of the world, by longer delay of |
action on the subject. There were some portions
of the bill of the gentleman from Indiana which
he would like to see altered. While lie had no
constitutional scruples himself as to the incorpora-
tion of the institution, yet he would be willing, in
courtesy to the opinion of others, to strike out that
provision from the bill, for all its ends could be ac-
complished without it. He urged the committee
not to delay action, because there was difficulty in
each step before them. Congress had power to
alter and amend the act, and it was now necessary j
only to take the initiatory step. The form could j
be altered from time to time, so as to carry out the
intentions of the testator. The objections urged to
a normal school wmre not well founded. It would
send abroad a number of educated men; and was
not education the richest boon that could be con-
ferred on the country next to the preservation of
liberty. Our institutions were dependant upon in-
telligence and reason; and no matter what profes-
sion the young men educated at this school should
adopt, they would add to the stock of knowledge,
and diffuse it among men.
Mr. WICK said, that some opinions had been
expressed in the course of the debate, which he
could not suffer to pass uncontradicted. He alluded
to the opinions on the subject of the doctrine of
trust. It was alleged that all which the Govern-
ment was responsible for, was the stocks in which
the fund had been invested. This fund was in-
trusted to our charge, and it was important that
the honor of the country should be sustained by its
faithful execution. He totally dissented, as a law-
yer, from the doctrines which had been advanced.
A trustee in ordinary cases was not bound, if he
was authorized to use his discretion, as to the mode
of investing the fund intrusted to him. But the
Government of the United States had no such dis-
cretion in this case. There was no power given
by the will of Smithson to invest the money in any
special manner, and the Government invested it at
its own hazard.
If, of his own accord, and without authority, a
trustee made an investment, he was responsible for
it. Thus the United States stood m relation to this
matter, and to this extent they were responsible,
if at ah. If his wishes had been consulted, the i
burden of this trust would never have been accept-
ed by the Government. But we did accept the
trust, and the national faith would be tarnished
should it not be executed. Had he been here at
the time he would have voted against it. He knew
that the Government had 110 constitutional power
to establish a college of itself. The power was
not granted in the Constitution; but it might be ad-
mitted that the Government had the power to accept
a trust for the purpose. He had always advocated
a strict construction of the Constitution, but he be-
lieved that the Government might accept the trust.
We had accepted the trust, and it was our duty to
execute it.
Mr. A. D. SIMS made some remarks on the
constitutional question.
Mr. G. W. JONES asked whether, if money
should be given by will for the establishment of a
national bank, the Government would be bound
to execute the trust, or have power to accept it?
Mr. WICK replied, that lie would vote against
the acceptance of such a trust.
Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT entirely concur-
red with the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Wick]
in his view of this subject. It appeared to him that
it was a reproach to the Government to delay car-
rying out the purposes of this trust.
The committee proceeded to vote.
The first question was on the following amend-
ment of Mr. Andrew Johnson to the first sec-
tion:
" Strike out all after the word 'next' in the 11th
' line, to the word 'be,' in the 14th line, and insert
' the following: ' And actually paid into the treas-
' ury of the United States by the States which have
4 borrowed and used said fund.' "
Mr. OWEN inquired of the mover of the amend-
ment whether, if this amendment was carried, it
would apply to any moneys that have been paid
into the tieasury of the United States as interest
and have been reinvested in State stocks ?
No answer being returned,
Mr. 0. said he hoped the amendment would not
prevail.
The question being taken, the amendment was
rejected without a division.
The second section being under consideration,
Mr. TIBBATTS moved the amendment of which
notice had previously been given, to strike out the
words providing that the board of managers "shall
' be, and hereby are, constituted aboard politic and
' corporate, by the style and title of the 1 Smithso-
' man Institution,' with perpetual succession, and
' the usual powers, duties, and liabilities incident
' to corporations
The question was taken by tellers, and decided
in the affirmative—ayes 70, noes 44.
iSo these words were stricken out.
Mr. OWEN moved to insert after the word
" managers," (in lieu of the words stricken out,)
the woids -'and the said institution shall be known
by the stvle and title of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion."
The amendment was agreed to.
The fourth section being under consideration,
Mr. OWEN moved an amendment, (which he
stated to be necessary in consequence of the previ:
ous amendment striking out the clause constitu-
ting a corporation,) to insert, at the 44th line, the
words:
" And ail questions which may arise between the
' United States and any person claiming under and
' by virtue of any such contract, shall be heard and
' determined by said board of managers."
The question being taken, the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. 0 WEN also moved to insert, at the 10th
line, the words:
'' And all prosecutions for trespass on said pro-
' perty, and all civil suits in behalf of said lnstitu-
' tion, shall be prosecuted in the name of the Uni-
' ted States in any court having competent jurisdic-
' tion of the same."
Agreed to—ayes 61, noes not counted.
The fifth section being under consideration—
Mr. J. R. 1NGERS0LL moved an amendment
to insert at the 21st line the words:
" Which collection shall be denominated the
' National Museum. And it shall be lawful for
' the National Institute to deposite its collections
' m said museum, [in consideiation whereof said
' institute shall have the right to appoint a curator
' to said museum, wuh such compensation as the
' managers of the Smithsonian institution shall
' assign;] and the said National Institute shall have
' a right to hold its meetings in the buildings of the
' Smithsonian Institution, m any room which shall
: ' be assigned for such purpose by the managers of
i 1 the Smithsonian Institution."
! Mr. TIBBATTS moved an amendment to the
amendment, to strike out the words in brackets [ ].
Tiie amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring un the original amend-
ment of Mr. Ix&ersoli., was decided in the aifirm-
, ative—ayes 67. noes 50.
II So the amendment was agreed to.
i Mr. BROOMKA I) moved an amendment to
I! the fifth section, (which'provides for suitable ar-
| rangements for the reception of all objects of art,
|j and of foreign and curious research, of natural his.
tory, of plants, &c., belonging to the United States,
" which may be in the city of Washington,1') to
insert, after the word " Washington," tie words,
" or elsewhere." - , •
The amendment was rejected.
The seventh secti&n being under consideration^
Mr. HAMLIN moved to insert, ftfter the word
"arts," in" the provision for the ap|X#mment of
professor of common school instruction, with such
others " chiefly of the more useful sciences and
arts," the words " especially chemistry as applied
to agriculture." Rejected. . ■- -■
Mr. ADAMS moved to strike out die foliow-
i
ing :  
" Sec. 7. And whereas the most .effectual mode of pro-
moting the general diffusion of knowledge is by judiciously
conducted common schools, to the establishment of which
thiou")iout the Union much slid will be afforded by improv-
ing artd perfecting the common-school system of the couir-
trv, and by elevating tbe standard of qualification for com-
mon-school teachers: And whereas knowledge may be
essentially increased among men by instituting scientific
re^earchr4*, find, generally, by spreading among the people 2
taste for science and tbe arts—
Beit further enacted, That the board of managers shaR
establish a norma) branch of the institution, by appointing
some suitable person as professor of common-school instruc-
tion, with such other professors, chiefly of the 'more usetul
sciences and arts, as may be necessary for such a thorough,
scientific, and liberal course* of instruction as may be adapt-
ed to qualify young persons as teachers of common schools,
and to give to others a knowledge of an improved common-
school system; and also, when desired, to qualify stuaenfti
as teachers or professors of the more important "branches of
natural science. And the board ot managers may authorize
the professors of the institution to grant to such of its stu-
dents as may desire it, after suitable examination, certifi-
cates of qualification as common-school teachers; and also
as teachers or professors in various branches of science;
they may also employ able men to lecture upon useful sub-
jects, and shall fix the compensation of such lecturers and
The question was taken by-tellers, and decided
in the affirmative-—ayes 72, noes 42.
So the words were stricken out. _
[The section, as amended, stands in the follow-
ing form:
« Be it further enacted, That there shall not he established
in connexion with the institution, any school of law, or
medicine, or divinity, nor any professorship of ancient lan-
guages. And the said managers shall make^-froro the
mteiest of said fund, an appropriation, not exceeding an
average of Jen thousand- dollars annually, for tne~ gyaaual
formation pf a library, composed of valuable^works pertain-
ing to all departments of human knowledge."J ,,
Section eight being under consideration— - 7
Mr. OWEN moved an amendment to add at its .
close an amendment, which-, after various modifi-
cations, assumed the following form:
" And thfc teaiti board of 'managers shall appoint sueh pro-
fessors of the liiore useful sciences and .arts as may be ne-
cessary for a thorough, scientific, and liberal course of in-
struction; they may also employ able men to lecture .upon
useful subjects, and shall fix the compensation of such lec-
turers and professors: Provided, That the expenditure on
account of the institution shall at no time exceed the inter-
est of the fund.5'
Mr. BOYD and Mr. AI)AM§ respectively rais-
ed the point of order against this amendment, on
the ground of identity with the words stricken out
on motion of Mr. Abatis. .
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order;
thus deciding the amendment in order.
The question was taken, and, after some delay
for want of a quorum, was decided in the negative:
ayes 42, noes 77. -
So the motion was rejected.
Mr. ADAMS moved to strike out the ninth sec-
tion, in the words following, (which he said were
no w rendered useless by the amendments previous! y
made :)
ei Bec. 9. Jlnd he it further enactcd. That the said board of
managers shall also make lules and regulations for the ad-
mission of students into the various departments of the in-
stitution, and their conduct and deportment while they re-
main therein: Provided, That all instruction in said institu-
tion shall be gratuitous to those students who conform to
such rules and regulations."
The question being taken, was decided in the
affirmative.
So the section was stricken out.
The tenth section being under consideration—
Mr. GILES moved an amendment, to add at the
end thereof the following:
" And shall cause to be published from time to time books
in raised characters for the education of the blind, to be dis-
tributed by the said board of managers, among the different
State msutuuons for tiie educationof the blind."
: The question being taken, the amendment
| rejected.
[ Mr. WOOD moved an amendment, to'insert in
I the4th line of 10th section the word." useful," -and
' to strike out the 11th, 12th, and 13th lines.
