1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
749
The question being taken, the amendment was
rejected. i.v,
Mr. ADAMS moved to strike out the 10th sec-
tion, (in order to conform to previous amend-
ments.)--
j" The question being taken, was decided in the af-
firmative r^fcyes 68, noes 57.
So Ihe section was stricken out.
Mr. WOOD moved an amendment, to add as a
new sectionbetween the lOtli and 11th sections,
the following:
",And bevtfurther enacted, That the sum of ,$20,000 Of the
interest of said fund be, and is hereby, appropriated annually
for the purchase or publication of a library for the diffusion
of useful knowledge, to be selected or published under the
direction of the said hoard of managers, which shall, include
the best-elementary popular works upon the history, gecra-
piiy; and statistics of the United States; upon botany, min-
eralogy, geology, agriculture, agricultural chemistry, mechan-
ics, and physiology; and which said library sball be distrib-
uted among the several States and Territories in the ratio of
their representation, and be forwarded .to the several Gov-
ernors ot said States and Territories, to ho distributed among
the people thereof m such a manner as their respective Le-
gislatures shall determine, and shall most tend to increase
and diffuse knowledge."
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS moved an amend-
ment, to add at the close of the last section the fol-
lowing proviso;
".Andprovided further, Thatno appropriation shall be made
for the advancement of this institution except from moneys
which properly belong to tile Smithsonian fund."
Agreed to.
Mr. McCLERNAND gave notice of a substitute
which he intended to offer, when in order, (which
was read for information.)
Mr. G. W. JONES moved a further proviso at
the end of the bill, as follows:
"Provided, That nothing in this act shall lie so construct!
as to connect, in any manner whatever, said SimtlKouiun
Institution with any other institution or society whatever."
Rejected.
Tlie bill having now been gone, through with,
The question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
G. W.'Jones, to strike out. nil the bill after the
word " be," in the 6tli line, lstsection,and insert:
" Paid by the Secretary of the Treasury to the heii's-at-
law or next of kin or io>idumy leglttoc ut'tin' ,aid James
Smithson, or their authorized ain-nts, whenever they shall
demand the same: J'/o,/;/<</, That the 8.e.etnry of the
Tiea-ury shall, in pa\iefr over said money as lleiein dilec-l-
ed, dclivei to said heirs all Stale bonds 01 oilier stocks of
eveiy kind, which have been purchased wall said money or
any part thereof, m lieu of so much of said money as shall
have been so invested in State bonds or othei slorksaud
the balance of said sum of money, if tiny, not so invested,
shall be paid out of any moncyin the trea ury net otheuvUe
appiopriated."
Mr. SIMS moved as an amendment to the
amendment, the proposition of which he hud fjiven
notice, (as a substitute for the bill,) to provide for
the return of the money.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment out
of order at this time.
Mr. RATHBUN moved to amend the amend-
ment of Mr. Jones, by striking out so much as
relates to the restoring to Ihe heirs, &<•-, of Mr.
Smithson the'bonds of the Slates, (so that the
money, and not the bonds, should be returned.)
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurring on the original
amendment of Mr. Jones, was taken by tellers,
and decided in the negative—ayes 8, noes 115.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then being on rising and reporting
the bill as amended—
Mr. ADAMS, in compliance with previous no-
tice, offered the following substitute for the bill:
Strike out the preamble, and all except the enact-
ing clause, and insert:
" That the President of the United States bo rcijiicstcd, by
the use of suitable means of moral suasion, ami no oilier.-.,
to obtain from the Governments of the States of Arkansas
and Illinois payment of the airears of interest duo fiom the
said States to the United States, and the interest then-alter,
and the principal as it shall become due, according to the
promises on the face of the bonds given by the said States
lor moneys bequeathed by James Smithson, a benevolent
Englishman, to the United States of America, fin the spinal
nurpose of founding at the city of Washington an institution
for the increase and diffusion of knowledge amonir men,
which bequest was, by an act ot Cougicss, approved on the
first of July, 1836> accepted, with a pledge ol thelaith ot the
United States that it should be applied to the purposes pre-
scribed hv the testator.
"Sec.2. Jlni be it further enacted, That when payment
Sball have been obtained from the taid States of Alkansas
and Illinois of the arrears of interest due oil their said bonds,
Ooncress shall forthwith proceed to appiopnate said sums
of interest so recovered, together with the inteiest lntheito
received, or heieafter to be received, until the time °f ma-
king such appropriations, m such manner as thev shall deem
suited to i-cdeem the pledge of the loitli ot tit" t ntted stales,
to tbe application of the fimds of the bequest of the said
James Smithson, to the specific purpose prescribed by the
testator. ^ J
J! Sec. 3. Jlndbe it further enacted, That until the arrears
of intent due by the paid States of Arkansas and Illinois to
the United States, upon their said respective bond.-?, shall
have been received at the treasury of the United Suites, no
appropriation shall be made by Congress chargeable upon
the people of the United States, for the fulfilment of the pur-
poses prescribed by the testator, James Smithson, for the
disposal of his bequest.
^ Sec. 4. Jlrul be it further enacted, That within the first
thirty days of each and every successive session of Con-
gress, it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
report to Conetess the then actual state of the Smithsonian
fund, and particularly !he amount of arrearn of interest due.
upon the said bonds of the States of Arkansas and Illinois,
together with copies of all correspondence, .showing the re-
sult of the means of moral suasion used during the prece-
ding year to obtain payment of the said at rears of interest;
and the said annual reports shall be printed for the intorma-
tion of the people."
Mr. HOPKINS moved an amendment to the
amendment, to strike out in its first section the j
words " of moral suasion and no others." Agreed j
to. j
The third section of the said substitute amend- j
ment being under consideration.
Mr. J. DAVIS moved an amendment, to add at j
the end of the section the followieg: j
" Proruled, however, That if the <Jo\ ei nor of the State of |
Ai Kansas >ha)] make it, iippcat tu the satislm tion ot the At- >
torneyGenoral of the United Slates that he has used suitable J
means to obtain from the Heal K>tate Bankot Arkansas pa.\- '
ment of the debt due by said bank to the State ot Arkansas, 1
but without success, then, and m that ca>e, and until the ,
arreaiN due by tin said Real I^tate Bank shall have been |
received into the treasury of the State of Arkansas, the said i
State hball be, and i.> hereby, de< lured to be absoh cd from ;
the pi onuses on the face of liei bonds by which the said |
State heretofore pledged her faith lor the due payment of ,
the principal and mteie. t otVanl hondv ]
The question being taken, the amendment was s
rejected. ;
'Mr. WENT WORTH moved an amendment, to
add at the end of the section the following: .
"That the State of Illinois i-hull have the powei lieic- ;
after, like other Siaten, to tax all lauds within thai Stale as '
soon as sold, pioviding the protcedh of said tax shall be up- •
plied to p.tjnig the inteieM due the Smithson iuud.i-O tar as
may be mvta-nn, and the b ilanee, if an,\, to paying the in-
terest upon hei other bomK" j
Mr. HOPKINS raised the point of order against ■
the umemltiK'iit, cm ilic ground of tnclcwuiry. ;
The CHAIRMAN" sustained the point, and do- j
cidetl the amendment out ol'outer.
Mr. K. -tl. EWiNOr moved an amendment to
| the substitute, to strike out the third section, lle-
! jected.
I The fourth section, on the suggestion of Mr.
HOPKINS, was so modified by Mr. ADAMS, as
to conform to the amendment of the first, by stri-
kins; out the words " moral suasion."
The question then being on the substitute of Mr.
Adams, as amended, was taken by tellers, and de-
cided in the negative—ayes 57, noes 74.
So the substitute of Mr. Adams was rejected.
The question again recurring on the original hill,
as amended,
Mr. IIOUGII offered the amendment of which
lie had given notice as a substitute for the entire
bill, being a bill consisting of fourteen sections.
|The substitute, as passed in an amended form,
will be found below.]
Mr. MARSH moved several amendments, all
with a view, as lie said, to direct the appropriation
entirely to the purposes of a library.
The first one. was to section "lit, to strike out the
wools "and such lectureis as maybe employed
by said board," and the words " and lecturers, and
all other officers of the institution."
The question being taken, was decided in the
affirmative—ayes 72, noes 39.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. M. next moved to strike out section 8, as
follows:
" Sec. 8. Jind be it further enaetetl, That the paid board of
re„cm,' siiall employ so many and hu ti able men to lettuic
upon us-et'ul sul-j.-ot* mid at =.nrl> tunes and places as they
may ileeia most beneficial for the " mcieaj-e and diffusion of
knowledge union; men S" and shall also, daring eacti session
ot" Concuss t aus« a cmirsc ot'^uch lec-tur.-s to be delivered,
weeklCorseim weekly, pnbiiclv, in the lecture-room of <*aid
institution, •>"<' "h"11 ">ake aU M'tal'le piouuon-. for tlte ac-
commodation of all member? ami honorary members of said
institution, and .11'both Houses of (tom;ross."
Also, an amendment to the 9th section, to in-
crease the annual appropriation for the library from
$20,000 to $25,000. Agreed to.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to strike out the first
Se^The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment to
be out of order, that portion of the substitute bill
having been passed.
Mr. MARSH moved an amendment to strike
out the 10th and 11th sections of the substitute, in
the words following:
"Sec. 10. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the said board
of regents shall make all needful Jules, regulations, and by-
laws, for the government of the institution and the persons
employed therein ; and, in prescribing'the duties of the pro-
fessors and lecturers, they shall have reference to the intro-
duction and illustration of subject? connected wjtli tHe ap-
plication of science to the productive and liberal arts ot lite,
improvements in agriculture, in manufactures, in trades, and
m domestic economy; and they shall also have special re-
ference to the increase and extension of scientific knowl-
edge irenerally, by experiment and resoaich And the said
re<rents shall cause to be printed, from time to time, an}1 lec-
ture or cou^eofleetures winch they may deem useful. And
it shall l>e the duly of each lecturer while in the service of
tlie institution, to submit a copy of any lecture or lectures
dtliVHied by Imn to the recent*, if required.
J1. Jlnd be itjurther enacted. That it shall[be com-
petent for the hostid of mnnnsrer* to cau^o to be printed and
published, periodically or occasionally, essays, pamphlets,
ma^a/mrs, or othei bnet works oi pioductions for the dis-
semination of information amoriir the people, especially
works m popular form on agriculture and its latest improve-
inent-:, or the sciences and the aid they bung to labor, man-
uals explanatory of the best systems of common-school in-
struction, and," generally, tracts illustrative of objects of
elementary science, and treaties on history, natural and
civil, chemistry, astronomy, or any othei department of
useful knowledge; and may, at their discretion, offot and
pay to any citizen or foreigner such sum or prize as they
muvdeem discreet for the best-written pioduction of any
such prize essay oi work ; and shall, whenever requited hv
resolution of either House of Congress. cnu«e to be printed
and dehveted to puch House, foi distribution among the
people at larg^.as public documents of Congress are disuib-
utod, to many copu-s of such lectures, essays, pamphlet-,
magazines-, ti.ter-, or other brief works, <e> they may procure
to be written or delivered, under the provisions of this act,
as shall be teipmed by such rc>olution. the expenses of
uJneh to be paid out ofthe funds of said institution.*'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TIIUJIMAN moved an amendment, to
strike, out the 32th section. Rejected.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved an amendment, as an
additional section, (the 13th,) in the voids follow-
ing :
a Sre. !«'{. Jlnd be i' further e>u:clc1, That the author or
pi'opnoior of any book. map. ch.nt, musical composition,
jniut. cut, or eiigrnvnig. for winch dcopvtisht shall be se-
cured under the existing acts of Corunesy, or tho-se wlueh
shall hereafter be enaottd, le-pectiny copwighis shall,
\v ithni thiee month- i.oin the publication ot said book, m \j.,
eliatt, musical composition, punt, cut, engiavmg, delive:,
or cause to be duliveiod, one copy ol the same to the hbia-
rian ofthe Smithsonian Institute, and one copy to the libra-
nau ofthe Congress Libiary, for the use of said libraries."
The question being taken, the amendment was
agreed to.
The question now being on adopting the sub-
stitute of Mr. Hough, as amended, was taken by
tellers, and decided in the affirmative—ayes 83,
noes 40.
So the substitute was adopted.
The committee then rose and reported the bill
and amendments to the House.
The question being first on agreeing to the sub-
stitute amendment of tlie committee—
Mr. BOYD demanded the previous question,
which was seconded.
The main question was ordered. '
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered, and
being taken, resulted—yeas 81, nays 76—as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. John &. Adams, Arnold, Atkinson, Bai-
migei, liell, J. A. Black, Bioekenbiou^h, Milton Rrowri,
William G. Brown, Buflington, William W. Campbell, John
II. Campbell, Carroll, Cinpman, Claike, Cold), Cocke, Col-
lin, Cran«ton, Crozier, Culiom, (Jariett Davis, Delano,
Doekery, Dou?las , Dunlap, John H. Eivmg, Edwin H. Kvv-
m«, Faian, Ficklin, Foot, Giddings. Gri(1er,Grmncll, Hamp-
ton, Harper, Herrick, Hilliurd, Elias B. Holmes, Hoayh,
Edmund W. Huhard, Samuel I). Hubbard, Hudson, Wash-
ington Hunt, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Daniel P.
King, Thomas Butler King, Lawrence, Lewis, Levin, Ia-
gon, Maclay, MeGaughey, McHenry, Mcllvaine, Marsh,
Morse, Moseley, Norris, Pam^h, Payne, Relfe, John A.
Rockwell. Root, Scammon, Seaman, Simpson, Truman
Smith, Albert Smith, Strohm, Benjamin Thompson, Thur-
man, Tildcn, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, Young, and Yost—
81.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Bowlin, Boyd, Bnnker-
hoff, Brodhead, Burt, Cathcart, Reuben Chapman, Chase,
Constable. Cunningham, Daniel, Dargan, JelTeison Davis,
Dilhngham, Dobbin, Droma:oole, Giles. Goodyear, Gordon
Graham, Grover. Hamlin, Harmanson, Henley, Hoge, Hojj-
kins, George S. fatouston, Hungeifoid, James JB. Hunt, Hun-
ter, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Jngersoll, Joseph John-
sun, Preston King, Leake, La Seie, Lumpkin, McLean
MeClernard, McCrate, .Tames McDowell, McKay, J. p'
Maitin, B. Martin, Morris, Moulron, Owen. Perrill, Phelps'
Pollock, Price, Rathbun, Keid. Ritter, Sawtelle, Severance'
Alexander D. Suns, Leonaid II. Pnn«, Caleb B. Smith Ro-
bert Smith, Stanton, St. John, Sykes, Thibodeau*, Tliomas-
son, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Weutworth, Wheaton
Wick, Wilinot, Woodiuff, ^Voodward, Yancey, and Yell—'
