"®r^s x
752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 4*.
forty years. Well, this one fact he would take
for granted, that the lands were worth something,
or his friend from Mississippi would not be so
eager to get them. If they were of no value, he
did not see how the road was to be constructed by
the amount proposed to be raised by their sale; and
if they were of any value, they belonged to the
United States, and the proceeds ought to go into
the public treasury.
Mr. SPEIGHT. But the General Government
is the absolute proprietor of all the public domain,
and has the rigtit to dispose of it.
Mr. BAGBY. There is no doubt about the
right of the General Government to dispose of the
public lands, but this brings up another principle.
One great object originally intended to be accom-
plished by disposing of alternate sections of the
public lands was to enhance the value of the re-
mainder, and to enable the Government to raise
the price to two dollars and a half per acre, instead
of one dollar and twenty-five cents. The institu-
tion of this system was to enhance the price: to
this i have always been opposed.
The State which I have the honor in part to
represent, and, if I do not greatly err, the honorable
Senator's own Slate, have been laboring for years
to bring down the price. I am opposed to the bill
for these veasons; I consider it infinitely more im-
portant that we should, if it be possible by legis-
lation to do so, enable the poorer class of citizens
to obtain lands at a cheap rate than to construct
roads at the expense of the General Government.
Mr. CALHOUN said he had a very few re-
marks to make in relation to this bill. It was not
liable to the objections which he had raised in ref-
erence to the Michigan bill. It was a very differ-
ent case; and, in his opinion, a very simple one,
not involving m the slightest degree any constitu-
tional question. l ie would very willingly vote for
this bill; for he believed the remainder of the pub-
lic lands, after the portion comprised in this bill
had been disposed of, would bring a greater amount
into the treasury than the whole of them would
produce in case no such appropriation of those
lands were made. It was a mode of disposing of
the public lands which he considered highly ad-
vantageous to the treasury, and it was upon this
giouud that he would give his vote in favor Of the
Lull.
He would add one wotd as to the importance of
the woik. This road constituted one of the links
in the chain of communication from Maine to the
Mississippi, and it, would leave but two other links
to be filled up m order to make the line complete;
and he thought they might look forward with a
tolerable degree of certainty to its entire comple-
tion m the course of six or seven years at the fur-
thest, if no unfortunate occurrence should interrupt
the progress of the works. The road would pass
llirougli the very centre of the cotton-growing re-
gion. It would facilitate travel to a great extent,
and would be eminently beneficial, not only to the
States immediately concerned, but to the whole
Union, and the Government itself would be amply
remunerated for the quantity of land granted.
Mr. SIMMONS suggested the insertion of a
clause raising the price of the remaining sections
of the public land to two dollars and fifty cents
per acrc.
Mr. SPEIGHT observed that the land was of
such a description that it would be in vain to ex-
pect to obtain that price.
Mr. NILES said he thought, if the General Gov-
ernmentcontributed to the construction of the road,
thevought to have some control overit.and derive
some immediate benefit from it. He moved, there-
fore, to insert, by way of amendment to the first
section, the following: " And that the mail of the
' United States be carried on said road at the same
' rate as by four-horse post coaches."
Some discussion ensued upon this amendment;
and, the question being taken, it was rejected.
On motion of Mr. SIMMONS, the following
amendment was adopted: " That troops and mu-
1 nitions of war belonging to the United States
' shall be transported along the said road free of
' charge.''
Mr. SIMMONS moved the amendment which
lie had before suggested respecting the price of the
remaining sections of the public lands, viz.: to in-
sert in the first section, after the words " and to 110
other purpose whatever," the following: "and that
• the land hereby granted shall not be sold for less
' than $1 25 per acre; and that the alternate sec-
' tions reserved to the United States shall not b.e
' sold for less than $2 50 per acre."
The amendment aid not prevail.
Mr. YULEE said it was his purp.ose to vote for
the bill under consideration; but he desired the in-
dulgence of the Senate, while he occupied a moment
in stating the ground upon which he rested his
vote, with a view of guarding himself against any
possible future embarrassment from a supposed
committal. This bill was rested by its friends upon
the ground that it is the duty of the United States,
as a landed proprietor, to contribute to improve-
ments which enhanced the value of their property.
This was certainly a plausible ground, and he con-
fessed himself inclined to adopt it as a correct rule.
But his mind was not decided upon the point, and
it was not necessary that he should come to a decis-
ion upon it in the present case. He should rest
his action entirely upon a different ground, which
furnished sufficient reason, to his mind, for the vote
he should give. By the act of 1842, relating to the
public lands, a grant of half a million of acres was
made to each of the new States, to be applied to j
purposes of internal improvement; the previous j
grants for similar purposes being first deducted from !
the share of each State. The evident design of the
act was, to place each of the new States upon an ;
equality, in regard to the grants for internal im- j
piovenient. Now, it seems that prior to the act of j
1842, some of the States had already received a 1
much larger quantity than 500,000 acres. This j
being the case, he was willing to concur in any j
legislation by which the equality designed might 1
be reached, by bringing all the new States up to I
the ratio of that one of them which had received the I
largest quantity, and which he believed was Indiana. j
Mr. BtlliESE. Yes; Indiana has received
1,608,404 acres.
Mr. YULEE. I am ready, then, to vote to
Illinois, or Mississippi, or either of the other new
States, a proportionate grant.
IVlr. HAYWOOD. Why not to the old States,
too ?
Mr. YULEE. Because there is not the same
consideration for the grant. The inducement to
the grants made to the new States, is the exemp-
tion of the public lands from taxation. This is a
great burden to the States within which the pub-
lic lands lie, and a great benefit to the United
States. All equivalent is proper, and he was wil-
ling to measure the equivalent due to Mississippi :
and the other new States by that 'which, has been
up to this time allowed to Indiana. He had only
one requirement to make; namely, the assurance
that the grant proposed in this bill is asked for by <
the State to be applied to the particular improve-
ment designated in it, and that the quantity grant-
ed is within the limits he had prescribed to himself
in what he had said.
Mr. SPEIGHT. The grant is asked for by
the State in the shape this bill proposes, and the
quantity is much less than would be required to
bring Mississippi to an equality with Indiana.
Mr YULEE said he was prepared, then, to
vote without hesitation for the bill, and for one
even more liberal. He was ready to grant to
Mississippi an amount of land for internal improve-
ment proportionate -to the grants to Indiana, so
far as his vote might avail. But he desired to re-
main altogether uncommitted as regards the prin-
ciples upon which this bill had been rested by its
advocates.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the amendments were concurred in.
The question being upon ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time, the yeas and nays
were taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allan, Atelier, Ashley, Atchison, Bar-
ron-, Biee^e, Calhoun, Cass, Thomas Cjrv ton, John M. Clay-
toil, Corvviu, lJavis, tAMii-, Houston, Huntington, Jamagin,
Johnson of Louisiana, Ma;.gum, Moroiioad, Plieips, Ku k,
Sevtei, Simmons, Speii^lt, UplianvWestcott, Wooablidge,
and Yulec—2d.
NAYS—Ale-sis. Atliertoit, Bafiby, Colquitt, Haywood,
Jeimess, McDuffic, IViIes, Tumey—8
So the bill was ordered to a third reading.
fin motion, it was ordered that when the Senate j
adjourns it stand adjourned until Monday next. j
GRANT Of LAND TO STATE OF MICHIGAN. j
The bill to apply certain alternate sections of
the public domain towards the completion of i
works of internal improvement in the State of
Michigan, and for other purposes, was read a
third time and passed.
PRIVATE BILL, ,
Mr. UPHAM moved'that the Senate should re-
sume the consideration of the bill for the relief of
John P. Skinner, and the legal representatives of
Isaac Green; which motion was £g*eed"to. , -
Mr.U. submitted a few remarks in explanation
of the bill, and in support of the claim of the peti-
tioners; after which
Mr. ALLEN moved an adjournment; which was
disagreed to.
Mr. McDUFFIE observed that he. considered
the claim a very questionable one, and moved tljat
the bill be laid on the'table; whichmotion was not
agreed to. ~ ;
Mr. PHELPS moved that the Senate do now ad-
journ; which was not agreed to: yeas 14, nays 1"6.
Mr. MANGUM observed that there was an,ev-
ident indisposition on the part of the Senate to act
upon the bill, and moved that tjieSenate- should,
adjourn; but withdrew at the request of
Mr. PHELPS, who jubmitted a few, remarks;
after which, the motion, to adjourn was put and
agreed to.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. , "
Thursday, April 30, 1846.
The Hotise met at nine o'clock. A. M., in pur-
suance of the order of yesterday, avid" the Journal
was read.
Mr. TIBBATTS presented a memorial of S. G.
Howe, on behalf of the Massachusetts Asylum for
the Blind, and of S. Arthur, on behalf of the Penn-
sylvania Institution for the Blind, and who also
represents in the said memorial the Institutions for
the Blind in' the States of. Kentucky, Ohio, Vir-
ginia, and New York, praying Congress to make
an appropriation of money from the public treas-
ury for printing a sufficient number of elementary
and standard books for the use and instruction of
the blind of our whole country, and that the books,
when printed, be deposited with the Executive of
the several States for distribution.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved that the memorial .be
referred to a select committee, and printed..;,
And pending "the question, on ffid motion, the
House adjourned until '.Monday next, the 4th of
May proximo, 1o o fiord the officer* of the House
time to put the Hall in summer trior.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 4, 1840.
The Journal having been read,
Mr. DAYTON presented the petition of citizens
of New Jersey, praying.an appropriation for the
removal of obstructions in the Delaware river near
Periwig island; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. _
Mr. D. also presented the memorial of John J.
Adams, of Camden, New Jersey, praying an ex-
tension of a patent right; which was referred, to
the Committee on .Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. D. further presented, the memorial of Isaiah
Foy, late a deputy postmaster, praying the reim-
bursement of a sum of money due' to him"; which
was referred to the committed oil the Post Office
and Post Roads. • . "
Mr. SEVIER presented the- memorial ofJohn
Ross and others, representatives'of the 'Cherokee
nation of Indians, on the subject of the existing dif-
ficulties in that nation, and their relations with the,
ITnited States; which, together with documents in
relation to the subject, was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. UPHAM submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law for the allowance of arrearages of
pensions to Nathaniel Stafford, of Vermont, from
the time of his disability to the 30th of March,
184C, when his name was entered upon th£ pen-
i sion roll as a pensioner.
1 Mr. U. also submitted certain testimony in the
i case referred to in the resolution; which was refer-
1 red to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
i which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary- of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate .the state of the
land claims at the Sault St, Mary, ia the £>t«te of
