1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
755
Mr. GORDON, from, the Committee of Claims,
made a report upon the petition of Archibald Ball
and Samuel S. Finch, of New York, accompanied
by a bill for their relief; which bill was read twice,
and committed.
On motion of Mr, GRINNELL,
_ Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be
discharged from - the consideration of the petition
of citizens of North Carolina for a custom-house
and marine hospital in the town of Newbern, in
said State, and that it be laid upon the table.
Mr* THIBODEAUX, from the committee to
which was referred the bill for the relief of John
Chasseaud, the consul of the United States for
Syria and Palestine,1 reported an amendatory bill,
accompanied by a report in writing*, which bill was
read twice, and ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time to-dav^ The said bill, being engrossed,
was read a third time, and passed.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. CROZIER
asked, obtained leave, and introduced a bill allow-
ing duties on foreign merchandise, imported into
Knoxville and Chattanooga, in the State of Ten-
nessee, to be secured and paid at those places;
which bill was read twice and committed.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported abill authorizing the issue
of patents to George Ramsey and Thomas T. Jan-
uary, for certain lands entered in the county of St.
Louis, in the State of Missouri; accompanied by a
report in each cafce; which bills were read twice
and committed.
Mr. M. L. MARTIN, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked, obtained leave, and introduced abill
to quiet ccrtain titles to land in the Territory of
Wisconsin; which bill was read twice and com-
mitted.
On motion of Mr. RELFE,
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands
be discharged from the consideration of the petition
of Charles McClain, of Missouri, and that it be
committed.
Mr. R. also, from the Committee on Public Lands,
to which the petition upon the subject was referred,
reported a bill to authorize the constituted author-
ities of the county of Polk, in the Territory of
Iowa, to enter a quarter section of land for a seat
of justice; which oil! was read twice and commit-
ted.
Mr. R. also* from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill to establish a permanent pro-
spective system in favor of actual settlers on the
public lands, reported an amendatory bill; which
bill was read twice and committed.
On motion of Mr. PETTIT,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be discharged from the consideration of the petition
of James Williams, and that it be committed.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the bill to estab-
lish a board of commissioners to examine and de-
cide certain claims against the United Suites,
reported an amendatory bill.
Ordered, That said bill be committed.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH, by leave, moved that
the Committee of the Whole House be discharged
from the consideration of the bill to grant the right
of pre-emption to actual settlers on the lands ac-
quired by treaty from the Miami Indians in In-
diana; which motion was agreed to.
And the question being on ordering the bill to a
third reading,
Mr. G. DAVIS opposed it in a few remarks,
directed particularly to the description and value
of the lands, and asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH explained briefly what
the condition of these lands was, and strongly
urged the propriety and justice of the passage of
the bill. , ,
Mr. CATHCART remarked that the gentleman
from Kentucky, who had so warmly opposed the
bill, [Mr. G. Davis,] had stated to the House that
these lands were excluded from the operation of
the pre-emption act of 1841 in consequence of their
extraordinary value. , Mr. C. could not state what
influences operated upon Congress at that time, as
he was not here; but he thought the reason ioi the
exclusion of these lands must be sought a little
further back in point of time. In 1838, the Legis-
lature of Indiana, then engaged m the prosecution
of a stupendous system of internal improvemen t,
asked of Congress the right to pre-empt these lands ,
for the benefit of the State—that is, that the Gov-
ernment would sell the lands at $1 25 to the State
of Indiana, that she might, by a resale, make an
advance or speculation which she intended to use
for the prosecution of her public works. But the
State, had she obtained these lands, would have
extended her relief laws over them, as she lias
over her other lands, and her citizens would not
in that event have been asking the protection of
Congress.
Indiana did not, however, obtain these lands,
and she now comes forward by joint resolution
and asks the protection of her citizens at your
hands.
The gentleman from Kentucky is much mistaken
as to the value of these lands, and he could assure
him that, so far from their being the best in the
State, they are far inferior to many large tracts
which have been pre-empted at §1 25.
The Committee on Public Lands have seen
proper so to amend the bill which he (Mr. C.)
hau introduced as to increase the minimum price
from $1 25 to $£ per acre. This he regretted, as
notwithstanding these lands cost something more
than the public domain generally, yet he did not
consider them sufficiently valuable to justify this
increase.
The opposition of the gentleman from Kentucky
to this bill would apply with equal force to any pre-
emption bill which might be ottered.
Mr. C. usked, Will you not extend to these set-
tlers the same protection which other settlers upon
the public lands have received ? 1 to knew that the
appeal would not be in vain, and that this Ilou.se
would not, for the mere hope of a pitiful specula-
tion, which could end in no advantage to any one
but the heartless speculator, expose this honest,
generous-hearted people to the risk of being robbed
of their humble homes.
Mr. KENNHJ)Y said: Mr. Speaker, after what
has been said by my colleagues, [Messrs. Smith
and Catucakt,] I do not wish to protract this de-
bate. But being the only person now here from
my State who was a member of the Congiess which
passed the general pre-emption bill, from the ope-
rations of winch these Miami lands were exempted,
1 cannot suffer the remarks which fell from the
honorable member from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] to
go to the House without someieply.
1 know that the reason why these lands were
exempted from the operation of that bill was not,
as suggested by that honorable gentleman, " the
high value;" but that exemption was made at the
suggestion of the then delegation from that State,
under the impression that the benefits which the
pre-emption gave, granted to the actual settlers,
might be made, to mure to the State. I doubted
then, and 1 am now convinced, that this policy of
robbing the settlers of thoso lands for the benefit of
the Stale at targe wa« wrong. The Suue has since
abandoned this idea, and now asks that the same
justice which that law meted out to settlers on other
public lands, and which would then have been
granted to the settlers on these, had it not been for
her own error, as I then and now conceive it to
have been, may soon be extended to the settlers
on tins Miami resenc. These settlers areas good
and meritorious citizens as any other of that worthy
class of men, who have invaiiably pioneered our
people into the heart of the western wilderness; and
1 am persuaded thai their claim to justice is only
to be fairly stated, in order to secure a favorable
response from the members of this House.
The only thing wrong m this bill is, that the
minimum price of these lands is raised from the
usual one dollar and twenty-live cents to two dol-
lars. But this difference these settlers can and will
submit to, not because these lands are more valu-
able than thousands of other tracts of land in the
other western Suites which have been pre-empted,
but because they cost the Government considerably
more than the average price of public lands; and
because the hardships of the frontier life are not
so severely felt here as in other places more dis-
tant from the neighborhood of white settlements.
One word as to the great value which some gen-
tlemen seem to attach to these lands. There are
on this reserve some choice tracts of land, (but
not more so than in other portions of the State;)
but taken as a whole, I do not believe that if this
tract of country was put up at auction and knocked
down to the highest bidder to-morrow, that it
would average two dollars per acre. It then re-
solves itself "into this simple question, whethei
this Government will sell their lands to the poor
but honest settlers, who have erected their humble
dwellings upon them with a view of making them
their homes, or whether they will suffer these set-
tlers to be driven off by the more genteel but less
patriotic speculator, who desires to purchase them
for the sake of future emolument
I cannot doubt that the House will pass this bill;
and as I know the House does not desire this dis-
cussion to be continued, and with a view to speedy
action on this as well as other matters of moment
which call for the deliberation of the House, move
for the previous question.
On the intimation of Mr. Davis that he desired
to submit some other remarks, Mr. Kennedy
withdrew his call for the previous question.
Mr. G. DAVIS replied briefly to some of these
remarks, vindicating the course he had taken, and
justifying his opposition to the bill.
Mr. PETTIT made a strong appeal to the
TJousc in favor of the bill. He expressed surprise
that opposition to it should come from a member
who was himself the Representative of an agricul-
tural interest; and declared that he never would
consent to see that interest made secondary, or
subservient to any other, be that other what it
might.
The previous question was then demanded and
seconded. And the main question was ordered,
and, being taken, the bill was ordered to a third
reading voic.
And having been read a third time, and the ques-
tion bring on the final passage,
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, were yeas 95, nays 4G.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. RELFE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to provide for the sale of the
mineral lands south of Lake Superior, in the State
of Michigan and Territory of Wisconsin, accom-
panied by a report in writing; which bill was read
twice and committed. A map accompanying the
bill wan by the Clerk commuted.
Mr. A. JOl LVSON, on leave given, introduced
the following resolution; which was read, and, on
moUon of Mr. .1 vcojs Thompson, was laid on the
table.
Wherea*, tli:- permanency of a Democratic form of Gov-
ernment d-pends, to a very great extent, upon the perfect
equality of the citizens ami ilie respectability of labor and
the laborer, in aU classes, and no distinction ought to be
recognised m theory or practice in a pure Democracy, ex-
cept that which may be brought about by high moral worth
and superior iati lioctiml attainment^ : And whereas, mo^t
if not nil the States composing this Confederacy have elieet-
od prison-houses, commonly called pomtentiaiies, and have
pa^ed criminal code*, punishing all offences, with few ex-
ceptions, at hard labor and confinement in said prison-
homes ot penitentiaries: And whereas, the various branches
ot mechanism have been introduced, and to a very great ex-
tent confined to said prison-bouses or penitentiaues; and
theeonvicK fiom the new beginner in crime, who has com-
mitted p-tit larceny, to the old, hardened, incorrigible ofFend-
ei,\vlio hiV* eoiiuiiittcd the foule>t and mo>t diabolical of-
fei'ces enmneiat.'d in the black catalogue of crime, are em-
ployed at the dillcren? branches of mechanism, which, by
association, has a dnect tendency to degrade labor, and, in
the same ratio, to low.-r the mechanical portion of the com-
munity iu public e-hniatiou generally: And whereas, the
erection of pemtentiaiiON by the several States composing
tiu-> I '[iii«i,b nothing more noi le f> than setting up so many
workshop.-, filled with all the vdc transgressors of good order
and law, who have been rendered infamous inconsequence
of having committed the most outrageous offences, and
making them compel'tors of honest and indu-tnous mechan-
ics of the country, who are taxed for the purpose of erecting
those p!i- on-hou<-e< or penitentiaries, keeping them lip, and
suppoi ung the convicts And where<i the Federal Govern-
ment has, of a moie recent date, followed in the footstep*
of the several States by the erection of a prison-house or
penitentiary in the District of Columbia, and have employed
the convicts confined in said penitentiary at the various
branches of mechanism, and thereby enters the list as a
competitor of the mechanics residing m the District of Co-
lumbia, and extending it-* deleterious influence, in all prob-
ability, far bevoud it-: bounds :
•Therefore, be it revived by this House, That the Commit-
tee on the DMiit t oi Columbia be, and they aie hereby, in-
structed to inquiie into the expediency arid absolute neces-
sity of directing the employment of all the convicts now
confined in the penitentiary located in this District, so as to
avoid all competition with the mechanics of the District of
Columbia.
And be it further resolved, That said Committee inquire
into the propriety of abolishing the penitentiary system alto-
gether in the District of Columbia, and instituting some
other mode of punishment for all the violators of good order
and law; and that said Committee report to this House ar
the earliest practicable period the result of their investiga-
tions.
Mr. ALEXANDER D. SIMS, from the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, reported a bill
to incorporate the gas company of the city of
I Washington, in the District of Columbia, accom-
