760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
Mr. YULEE had merely to state that it was not 1
the purpose of the bill, nor of the Commissioner, ,
nor was it competent to the Commissioner to de- |
cide on eases as between individuals. It was com- <
potent to the Government only to decide in cases |
between itself and individuals. It was not designed i
by the bill that the board should decide upon con- j
tested claims between indiuduals. j
Mr. SE VI Ell remarked that that was the first :
time he had been mfoimed of that fact, [
Mr. A LLKN observed that on the facc of the bill 1
nil claims were included. ^ j
Mr. A. would .'gain suggest that the bill be pass- j
ed by informally- s
Mr. SPEIGHT said that if the Senator [Air. !
Huntington*] wou'd give way he would make that ;
motion, and the amendment could be ollercd to- 1
morrow. ;
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, asked the object i
of the postponement,
Mr. SPEIGHT lcpliud that it was in order to
afford lime for a more full and thorough examina-
tion and discussion of the lull. Un would nu \o
that it be made the special order for io-monow.
Mr. YULEE desuui an opportunity to make a
correction of what he re^mh d as an en or m repaid
to a mutter of fart on the part of the Senator b om
New Jersey, [Mr. Dwtox.J That Senator hud
objected to the bill on the ground thai it sought to
introduce anew principle into tlieii legislation—to
wit, an allowance of derision on chums acuoidiug
to the principles of equity. If the Senator would
look back to what had oecmred since he had be-
come a member of the body, he would find that he
had probably given the sanction of his own vote to
the very principle to which be now objected. In
ins (Mr. Y. 's) own short experience, he could refer
to cases m which the decision of claims was au-
thorized to be made according to t lie principles of
equity. In 1843, the accounting officer of the treas-
ury was authored to settle certain claims of the
Florida militia, &e., on principles of equity and
justice, under the direction of the Secretary of War.
That was one ease. Again: in 1844 an act was
passed authorizing the settlement of private claims
on the same principle. A whole class of private
claims was, by that act, submitted for decision to
the discretion of the President, exercised on the
principles of equity and justice—no matter what
the natuic or illegality of them. But the Senator
seemed to suppose that the decision of the cases
was submitted entirely to the mere "discretion" of
theboaid. it was not so. They were to decide
on the principles of equity—principles ascertained,
known, acknowledged, defined, as fully almost as
those of law—and easily pursued. After some
further remarks in reply to objections urged against
the bill, showing that'll was' impossible to make
any general rule apply to these cases, the honor-
able Senator concluded by some energetic observa-
tions us to the net csssty « f speedy action on the
subject. As to the idea of returning the money to
the settler, which he had paid for the land, and
then ejecting linn, it would be not in equity, but
most iniquitous.
Mr. CREESE remarked that it seemed to be
conceded on all hands that some legislation was
necessary on this subject, and that this bill, if not
now pejfeet, should be ho amended as to meet the
nature of the case, and assume a form agreeable
to a majority of the Senate. After what had fallen
from the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Sb>ier,]
all must be satisfied of the necessity of legislation.
Tie had made the strongest possible argument in
favor of some bill or other. The great difliculty
in the case had, it would appear, been overlooked;
it was this—the department could not get along
with these cases under the existing laws. That
was the great difficulty, as would be more clearly
perceived from the report of the Land Commis-
sioner. There must be some tribunal clothed with
power for their adjudication. He would beg (o
call the attention of the Senate to the statement
of the Commissioner. In closing his report, he
says:
"In compliance with a resolution of the Senate, (Intel
the 28th of February last, dnectnur a report to be made to
that body at this so-won ol Con^rcs-, o( the number of the
pre-emption land claims m the State of Loiii-nanafor which
patents cannot be issued on account of iriegularitics in the
entries, or from other causcs, and a plan tor then arijiu-t-
ment, I have the honoi to eneSo.se herewith a statement
showing the numbers of the <?aid cases in each district, with
the particular cause of suspension—the aggregate of such
eases being 556. This does not include those entries already
doeided to have been illegal and void, (ia many of which,
under exi-nina lnw<, the purchase monov has been refund-
ed,") but only those upon which no definitive action has yet
been had,
u In reference to a plan for the settlement of those case*,
I can slight no better one than that recommended m my
annual report in reterence to similar cases existing in other
States besides Louisiana—to wit: the final action upon prin-
ciples of equity and justice, by a board consisting of the
Secretary of die Treasury, the Attorney (General,"and the
Commissioner of the Goncral Land Olfice, upon all such
cases, thus fleeing this otficc of its piesrnt most fruitful
soured of embarrassment, and enabling parties wlio have
substantially complied with the requisitions of the Jaw as
to settlement and improvement of the land, to obtain patents
therefor."
That was the great object—to enable those who
bad complied substantially with the requisitions of
the laws to obtain patents. As to refunding the
nioncv. that would afford a very inadequate meas-
ure. of justice. Would the Senator from Arkan-
sas be himself satisfied with such an adjudication?
If he had fourteen years n^o purchased the land—
complied substantially with the requisitions of the
lows—made his improvements—erected his dwell-
ing—made his plantation"—would he be satisfied
with a filial decision, that there had been some
ureguhuity in the entry, but that his money would
be icturned >
I\lr.  SEVlERhere observed that he was willing
to vote for lire, bill if it cave the settler his land;
but he was opposed to leaving the decision of the
rases to the conscience of any man, whoever he
nn2;ht be.
Mr. DUEESE proceeded. Questions a« to the
merits of claims were every day decided by the
Commissioner, as a matter of course, in the dis-
charge of his duty, and he says that whenever the
department could act it has acted. These cases
wore suspended because, under existing laws, the
department could not act on them. He (Mr. B.)
asked the Senate to look at the condition of things
in the western country—in ten of the new States
and Territories. It had been by the error or negli-
gence of the officers of the Government that these
claims had been suspended. As to the objection
against the application of the principles of equity
to these eases it was altogether futile. Every day
these principles were applied in the settlement of
claims against tho Government, Every day the
accounting officers, of the Treasury were oruered
to settle claims on the principles of equity and jus-
tice. Why not organize a board for the settlement
of these chums in the same way? The Senator
drew a vivid picture of the hardship of refusing a
just and speedy settlement of the. claims of the set-
tler, who had gone on year after year improving
his land, but who was liable to be ejected because
some informality in the entry—not his fault—ex-
isted in his case. There might be some objection
to the details of the bill; it might be proper to re-
pose the trust in the hands of the Commissioner of
the Land Office; but in his (Mr. B.'s) judgment,
the business had much better be committed to this
board—each of the members of which were quite
familiar with all the operations of the Land OJTice.
As to the objection of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Allen,] it amounted to nothing. He spoke of cases
between the Government and individuals, and
thought that in such cases it was well enough to
clothe some tribunal with powers of adjudication;
but that in cases of contested claims, it would be
improper and dangerous. He (Mr. B.) then allu-
ded to cases in which the Commissioner of the
Land Office now exercised this power as between
contesting claimants, deciding whether the entry
of the one or the other was valid. That was done
every day; and the board could possess no more
power than the Commissioner possessed already,
and exercised. It was to supply the defect of the
existing laws, and establish a tribunal which would
examine into all the facts, and ascertain, in the ab-
sence of all fraud, whether or not the laws had
been " substantially" complied with; and then on
principles of equity and justice, to give a title, that
this bill had been framed. So far as the rights of
contesting claimants were concerned, the bill would
not at all interfere with them. The patent con-
ferred no title—it was simply the evidence of title
—there must be some law to show the title before
it could be valid.
This bill (Mr. B. said) did not originate with the
Committee on Public Lands, though it had their
unanimous sanction. It had originated with the
Committee on Private Land Claims. As to the
amendment now pending, he had no great objec-
tion to it, except that it clothed the Commissioner
of the Genera] Land Office with the power to de-
cide in all these cases,, His decision certainly wast
entitled to weight, and ought to have weight; for
the present incumbent was one of the ablest officer#
of the Government—a worthy, honest, and intelli-
gent man. But the scheme was impracticable, be-
cause, in a conversation which he (Mr. B.) had
hud with the Commissioner that morning in regard
to the number of these claims, he informed him
(Mr. B,) that there were tens of thousands. When
such a mass of claims came before Congress, it
might well be asked, when was it likely that they
would be disposed of? Congress would not take,
and ought not to take, the report of the Commis-
sioner on implicit faith. ' It would be subjected to
examination; and, from the prior practice of Con-
gress, it was not to be supposed that the settlement
of the cases could be speedily effected. The bill
proposed that these ^claims should be disposed in
two classes—one composed of those to be confirm-
ed, if the law had been complied with substantially;
and the other of those cases, in which the land was
to revert to tho public domain, and he again ex-
posed to sale. That, in sum and substance, was
the mnount of power conferred. Perhaps there
might be some other tribunal; but he could not see
any one so proper as this. To local tribunals he
was decidedly opposed, as they would improperly
and needlessly increase the patronage of the Gen-
eral Govdrnmentr But here were officers who 
were already in existence, and who were familiar
with the suoject. In view of all the considerations
in the case, he could not see any mode for the set-
tlement of these claims so proper, and so likely to
be successful, as that proposed in the bill.
Mr. DAYTON briefly explained. He did not
mean to say that Congress had never directed the
settlement of claims on principles of ecjuity, but he
was convinced that they never had incorporated
such a principle as that in the bill into the general
legislation of the country, and it was his opinion
that they never should attempt it. But he did not
wish to occupy more time in the discussion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, then rose and
said that he did not know whether it was in order,
but he wished to lay before the Senate sorr*e amend-
ments to the bill, in the form rather of suggestions
than formal propositions. It seemed (he said) to
be the opinion of all the Sena&ors.that'it was proper
to apply some modeof relief to those cases. Those
claims were now suspended over a portion of the
public domain, anct they were of a peculiar descrip-
tion. He did not speak now of such cases- as were
of fraudulent origin, but of cases in which im-
provements had teen made by the settler, and to
which- the pre-emption laws were intended to ap-
ply. It was the approved policy of the Govern-
ment that those pre-emption grants should be en-
couraged, at least to a certain extent, in order to
facilitate the settlement of the new States as far as
consistent with the interests of the old. In rela-
tion to the apprehension which seemed to exist m
the mind of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Huntington-,] and in the minds of such Senators
as might agree with him—that the Government
itself might possibly suffer by the operation of the
bill on the table, it appeared to him (Mr. J.) to be
without proper foundation. He/understood that in
all these cases the money had either been paid or
tendered. In the latter case the question had been
between the Government and the individual as to
the right of the person tendering the money to his
patent. In the majority of cases, if not in by far
the greatest proportion of them, the money had
actually been paid into the treasury. He could
very readily imagine that the officer having charge
of the land department might for very good rea-
sons retain in his hands many of these grants in a
state of suspense, because gross injustice might
be done the settler by an immediate rejection of
the claim and putting the land into the market.
But if the Senate refused to pass this bill, and
the Register of the Land Office should go on and
reject the claims as he was compelled to do—so
he (Mr. J.) understood—then the land would be
thrown into the market, and he supposed the Uni-
ted States would hardly expect to receive more
than the dollar and a quarter an acre, but'it would
not lose the money returned. So far as the Govern-
ment, then, was concerned in a pecuniary point of
view it was quite immaterial whether itheld on to the
money already received, or rejected all the patents,-
got the lands, and sold them to other purchasers.
There was another objection; and it was in rela-
tion to that, as well as to others, that he had risen
