1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
The amendment was rejected.
And the amendment of Mr. McKay was agreed
to..
And the amendment of the Senate, as thus
amended, was not concurred in.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee then
rose and reported the bill and amendments to the
House.
Mr. HAMLIN demanded the previous question,
which (after a brief conversation between Mr.
Dromgoole and the Chair on a point of order) was
seconded.
■ And the main question (being on concurring with
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union w its action) was ordered to be now taken.
The House concurred with the committee in
every part of its action on the said bill, except as
. "follows:
The House refused to concur with the commit-
tee in its amendment striking out the amendment
of the Senate, increasing the appropriation for the
contingent fund of the Senate from $67,500 to
$77,500.
And then the House concurred with the Senate
in that amendment.
Whereupon the bill was again sent to the Sen-
ate.
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
On the suggestion of the SPEAKER, and by
general consent,
The following Senate bills on the Speaker's table
were taken up, read twice by their titles, and refer-
xed to the appropriate committees:
An act to apply certain sections of the public
domain towards the completion of works of inter-
nal improvement in the State of Michigan, and for
other purposes.
An act to aid the State of Mississippi in the con-
struction of a railroad from Jackson, through
Brandon, to the western boundary of Alabama.
An act for the relief of Nathaniel Groddnrd.
retrocession of alexandria.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the bill to provide
for the retrocession of Alexandra to the State of
Virginia was made the special order of the day for
Friday next.
the marine corps.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting tabu-
lar statements in pursuance of the resolution of the
House of the 3d of April last, relative to the
amount of pay and emoluments for the two last
fiscal years of the several field officers and staff of
the marine corps of the United States, the number
of officers and marines in the service of the United
States, &c. . , „ ,
Some desultory conversation followod ua to the
appropriate reference.
• Mr. COBB moved the Naval Committee.
Mr. HAMLIN (carrying out the wishes of a
member, Mr. Atkinson, not at die moment m his
seat) moved a select committee; but withdrew the
motion. ... _ ,
Mr. ATKINSON (now m his seat) renewed
that motion, and briefly sustained its propriety.
Mr. MeKAY was also in favor of that rofeiencc.
Mr" COBB then withdrew his motion.
And- the letter was referred to a select committee
composed as follows: Mr. Atkinson, Mr. Cran-
ston, Mr. James A. Black, Mr. Hamlin, and Mr.
Cobb.
the post office department.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House again re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Jacob Thompson, of Mis-
sissippi, in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the bill making appropriations for the Fost
Office Department.
The question was 
to amend the bill in the ninth line of the first sec-
tion, after the word " mails,' by inserting the
i^-ords " including #25,000 for the line of mail
steamers from New York to Bremen, and by
striking out« $25,000" (in the aggregate item) and
$75,000
on the motion of Mr. McKAY
striking <
inToti:fhicn'mendment Mr. THTOMAN had
heretofore moved the following proviso:
■n • tori Thar no ntoncvshall be paid, under the contract
JerA "nvee"X Postmaste1,- Genera) ami Edward
m itTfor Atomic mail ti asportation, for any service by any
SmsWp Si such snip shall have been first uuuned by
suitable persons appointed by the President, and been certi-
fied by such persons to be constructed in all particulars in
compliance with said contract, and to be, in ail respects,
proper for use as a steam vessel of war.
And the question immediately pending was on
the said proviso.
Mr. McKAY thought the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio altogether unnecessary. The
contract of the Postmaster General with Mr. Mills
expressly provided that these steam vessels should,
at any time, before or after completion, be subject
to inspection by officers appointed for this pur-
pose, with a view to report on their eligibility in
all .respects to war purposes. In addition to tliatj
the committee would observe that the contract ex-
pressly reserved to the Postmaster General the
power to discontinue it at any time by making one
month's payment; and Congress might withhold
the appropriation, thus leaving the contract com-
pletely under the control of the Government.
The question being taken, the amendment to the
amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on the original amend-
ment, it was taken, and the amendment was
adopted.
The reading of the bill progressed, and the fol-
lowing being under consideration:
He it further enacted* That 111 oa^e the revenues of the de-
partment, refeired to in the fust section of this act, shall
prove nihUthcient to meet the loreijoniu appropriations, then
any defieicney that may thus nrise hball be paid out of any
money in the treasury not otherwise appropuated Piorukd,
That nothing herein contained shall be construed to autho-
rize any payment to supply a deficiency in the appiopuution
for compensation of postmaster.*. i
Mr. COBB said, if he understood the nature of j
the proviso to this last section, he proposed to move 1
that it be stricken out. It would be recollected by '
the House that m consequence of the reduction of i
postage on letters, it was apprehended at the last .
session of Congress by the opponents of thatmeas- j
ure, that its effect would be to deprive the commu-1
nity, to a very great extent, of the privilege of post j
offices in small towns and villages throughout the j
country; and that in consequence of the reduction :
of the revenues of the post offices, and the rouse- ;
quent reduction of their commissions, and of the
taking away the franking privilege, responsible
men could not be induced to hold these offices.
The members of this House, and all who read the
papers of the day, would recollect that after the j
law went into operation the Post Office Department j
was literally deluged with the resignations of post-
masters in all the towns and villages of the coun-
try, on account of the fact that the compensations
were not sufficient to induce them to remain in
office. In tliis state of things, the Postmaster Gen-
eral, under the construction placed upon the law
by the Attorney General of the United States,
allowed these postmasters additional compensation,
mid was at liberty, according to his recollection, to
allow them any amount not exceeding the amount
they received under the previous law. By this
means these resignations were slopped. The effect
of this proviso would be to overrule the decision of
the Attorney General and the action of the Post-
master General under that decision; and the post-
masters of the small offices, being reduced to the
same compensation as they received before this
construction was put upon the law, it might be ap-
prehended that a similar state of tilings would be
wrought about, to wit: that very many of these
postmasters would resign, and our people be de-
prived of the privileges of the post office in the
small towns and villages. He desired to leave the
matter where it now stood, and was unwilling that j
this law—to the passage of which he was opposed, j
and which he believed was working injuriously to ;
the country—should operate to deprive the people
in the small towns and villages of the privilege of
the post office. He therefoic moved to strike out
the proviso of the section.
Mr. I'ETYIT thought, for the very reason the
gentleman from Georgia had assigned, the proviso
ought not to be stricken out. While he admitted
that we and the country had a well-deserved re-
aped and esteem for the Attorney General and
Postmaster General, yet he was satisfied that no
portion of the country acquiesced in the decision
of the Postmaster General, based upon the con-
struction by the Attorney General of the law. He
had heard but one opinion, and the gentleman did
not controvert it, that that construction was in vio-
lation of the law of Congress. He had always
gone for a full and sufficient compensation for men
fn office; but he wanted it to be provided by law,
that the officer may know what it shall be, and
there be no discretionary power in another to alter
it. Small salaries, reduced pay, penurious living
to public men, were, in his opinion, a greater cause
of corruption, profligacy, and wickedness, ay, and
stealing, than all others. It was the cause of bri-
bery in your legislative halls-—a cause of the at-
tempt in an old and respectable State of our Union
to practise what has been practised there before.
He was sustained by the opinion of legal men
throughout the country, that the practice of the
Postmaster General, in allowing the same compen-
sation to postmasters as received under the old
law, was unsustained by the law now in force.
The law of Congress provides that a certain per
cent, upon the receipts of the office should go to
the postmaster, for their compensation. Congress
changed the law, reducing the receipts to one-sixth
of their former amount, perhaps, and does not
alter the per cent age; and what can be plainer than
that their compensation must be reduced accord-
ingly ? What metaphysical reasoning, what miser-
able subterfuges must be resorted to to prove
that, notwithstanding this change in the law, they
may receive the same compensation !
He believed that neither of these functionaries
pretended to sustain this construction and this
practice on any legal principle at all; but that they
resorted to what they called the necessity of the
case to justify them. And the Postmaster Gene-
uil, informed of the fact—of which there could be
no doubt, for all through his (Mr. P.'s) distiict
constant resignations were being made and appli-
cations for appointment to tho vacancies—that the
department, under the new law, had received at
no timeless than one hundred resignations a day.
Why? Because it was understood that their
compensation fell as the incomes of their respective
offices fell; and such was the plain letter and lan-
guage of the law.
Mr. P. repudiated in every view the principle of
leaving to any officer the determining the amount
of compensation to an officer, as was done in this
case, not only without authoiily of law, but in di-
rect violation of law.
He knew tins matter of cheap postage was often
made an electioneering hobby at home, fie had
had it undertaken against him. But lie was willing
to meet that issue; and when the fanners or plant-
ers, who received, perhaps, ten letters a year, and
were taxed at the old rates twenty-five cents each,
they would willingly pay it when they became ac-
quainted with the fact that the mercantile establish-
ments in the East wrote, some of them, from one
hundred to five hundred letters a day, employing
in some cases twenty clerks to write them, and on
these paid the same rate of postage according- to
their mail accommodations, and an amount which,
upon all the letters sent, was sufficient to sustain
the mail service of the country. He contended
that those who have the benefit of the department
should pay its expenses, and dwelt upon the injus-
tice of so reducing the rates of postage as to make
the department a burden upon tho general treasury,
thus taxing the farmers of the West, who seldom
sent a letter, equally for its support with the mer-
I cantile classes of our cities, who sent thousands
of letters per year. All the latter class were clam-
orous for low rates of postage; and it was very nat-
ural they should be. But he wished them to pay
the same in proportion to their greater use of the
mail transportation, as did those who used it less,
for the quantity they sent.
This proviso limited the Postmaster General to
the amount he should allow them; it fixed it defi-
nitely, certainly. While he said nothing as to the
exact amount which should be allowed, and was
content to leave to Congress to determine, he heart-
ily approved of this provision, and wanted the com-
pensation, whatever itwas, definitely fixed by law.
He therefore hoped the proviso would notbe strick-
en out.
Mr. McKAY said the committee would observe
(what all were aware of) that these appropria-
tions were payable out of the revenues of the Post
Office Department, which, by law, were kept dis-
tinct from other moneys in the treasury. He read
from the first section of the bill, and referred to
the act of July 2, 1836, to which it alludes, to
show this fact. But while this was the regulation
of law, it was well known, in consequence of the
act of the last session reducing the rates of post-
age, that these appropriations would be insuffi-
cient to defray the necessary expenses of the de-
