1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
765
great a reduction of postage should have been
passed. It was understood to be an experiment
and certain clauses were introduced for the purpose
of providing- against any injury to the mail service
from it. One section provided that the compensa-
tion of small offices might be increased, provided it
did not exceed 50 per cent, of their revenues. Mr.
S. read from the construction of the law* by the-
Attorney Genera], which he considered had been
unjustifiably denounced. He argued, that the sum
of $750,00ft was appropriated, in the bill reducing
the rates of postage, to be expended, at the discre-
tion of the Postmaster General, for, the purpose of
preventing the occurrence of any embarrassment
in carrying out the new project. The first year of
the experiment was considered as the most criti-
cal, and the appropriation was intended to guard
against any difficulties that would derange the
whole system. The Postmaster General decided
that the deputy postmasters should receive the same
compensation that they had received underthe pre-
vious law. The intention of Congress was. that the
Postmaster General should take care that the de-
partment should receive no detriment. The decis-
ion of the Attorney General was, therefore, correct.
Onereason, which showed Congress intended, in the
law, that the §750,000 should be used to facilitate
the experiment, was, that, by another provision of
the law, four millions, if necessary, were appropri-
ated to make up any deficiency in the revenue of
the department.- Whatever might be the amount
of the deficiency, it was provided that it should bo
made up out of the treasury.
Mr. PETTIT asked if there was not a specific
law for the payment of postmasters. They were
allowed a commission, and the extent of their com-
pensation was limited.
Mr. SIMS said tins was true. But the only rea-
son why this sum of §750,000 was placed at the
discretion of the Postmaster General was, to guard
against the occurrence of any inconvenience arising
from the operation of the now law. The inconveni-
ence from the reduction of the pay of the deputy
postmasters would have been very groat. Con-
gress gave not only the four millions to supply all
deficiencies in the revenue of the department, but
seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars to meet
any embarrassments in the execution of the act.
He was in favor of striking out the proviso as
unnecessary. There would still be a check upon
the amount of compensation. It would be limited
to wjiat the deputy postmasters had received last
year. He hoped the proviso would be stricken
out, and that the House would then be prepared to
support the proposition which the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Hopkins,] would report for the reg-
ulation of the compensation of postmasters by law.
Mr. J. DAVIS said it was necessary to provide
against the recurrence of the evil that had hereto-
fore occurred. It was an essential prim-iplu that
the compensation of every officer should be regu-
lated by law. The resignation of deputy postmas-
ters might be very numerous, and very inconveni-
ent, unless more provision be made for their com-
pensation. He would suggest an amendment to
the proviso, by allowing tliat the deputy postmas-
ters should receive mailable matter—letters or pa-
pers—free of postage when sent to tlicm, and for
their own proper use. This would be some equiv-
alent for the services they rendered; one that was
not liable to the objections of franking. He moved
that amendment.
Mr. HOPKINS said that the service would bo
greatly embarrassed, unless wo struck out the pro-
viso. He would venture the opinion confidently
that there was not a member on the iloov, in whose
district two-thirds of the postmasters would not re-
sign, if this proviso was retained in the bill.
°VIr. J. DAVIS remarked that his proposition
was intended to relieve the small offices.
Mr. HOPKIjNS said it would not disembarrass
the larger ones. This whole subject was now be-
fore the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and they would report bills both in relation
to the rates of postage and the compensation of
postmasters.
Mr. GORDON remarked, that unless this pro-
viso was stricken out, or provision be made by
law for the compensation of postmasters, one-
fourth of the postmasters would resign. He had
nothing to say as to the correctness or incorrect-
ness of the construction put on the law by the
Attorney General; but he would say tliht, had that
construction not been adopted and acted upon, the
whole post office system would have been de-
ranged and embarrassed by the resignation of post-
mas^rs-, this proviso should be retained, it
would drive one-fourth of the postmasters in his
district into resignation. He should vote to strike
out the proviso.
_Mr. RATHBUN said the gentleman from Vir-
gina [Mr. Hopkins] was of the opinion that the
large offices must stop, unless the proviso be
stricken out. He did not think so. The bill ap-
propriated $200,000 for the payment of the clerks
m these offices, and all the contingent office ex-
penses were provided for, lie had great respect
for the opinioi of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Hopkins,] but he doubted vary much wheth-
er the result that he contemplated would grow out
of this bill.
Mr. HOPKINS said the gentleman from New
York differed, then, in opinion with the principal
postmasteis and others.
Mr. RATHBUN undeistood, he said, all the
machinery that had been got up for the purpose of
breaking up the cheap postage bill. He had hoard
that the postmasters had been busy here. He had
been a postmaster himself, and knew something of
the business of that office. He would say here
that he was not to be frightened by the clamors of
postmasters any more than lie would be by the
warriors of Mexico or England.
The only mistake made by Congress in passing
the cheap postage law was, m adopting a ten-
cent rate of postage. There should have been no
rate above five cents. If we would now take one
step down to the minimum rate, it would remove
all the evil that was complained of in the opera-
tion of the hill. Before the experiment was haif
made, it was now attempted to embarrass it, and
break it up.
The patriotism of the country was not at so low
an ebb that no one could be found to discharge the
duties of postmaster under the present law. lie
believed that, in ins district, there was no poht office
where, if there were two merchants at the place,
both would not apply for the oiliee. If there was
no other compensation, the business whieh the post
office would bring to them would be esteemed by
them as nn adequate equivalent foi their sci vices.
Gentleman said that their constituents would resign
unless tius proviso should be stricken out; but
when a community should be found in winch no
one man would be willing to take the post office,
either for his own convenience or that of his neigh-
bors, ho would undertake to say that the Govern-
ment would lose nothing by the discontinuance of
the office in that community; and he would further
suy, that such a place would not deserve an office.
Ho was in favor of retaining the proviso, for he
believed that the construction put upon the law was
wrong. There was as much appropriated for the
compensation of the postmasters as they had last
yeai.
Mr. HENLEY remarked upon the declaration
of the gentleman from NewYork, [Mr. IIatiuh'V,]
that patriotism was not at so low an ebb that no
|S one could be found to serve as postmaster without
11 compensation. If the service should be put on the
j! principle of patriotism, his constituents would be
as prompt as any to render the service. Jjutinhis
jj opinion it would be well to mix this patriotism of
ll the House with a little justice.
This Government was able to |K\y for all services
rendered to it, and the service of postmasters ought
to be paid for. If the proviso were stricken out,
the small offices would sull'er. The postmasters
would be deprived of any compensation, and the
country of their services.
lie did not know what position his colleague
; meant to take before his constituents in defence of
his proposition on this sublet.
Mr. PETTIT explained that he was not for cut-
ting down the pay of postmasters. He was rather
in favor of increasing it. IJe had taken the same
ground generally in regard to all officers, to allow
| a proper compensation for services.
Mr. IIENLEY said that his colleague's propo-
sition took away all the compensation from the
postmasters, though he was nominally in favor of
allowing an adequate compensation. The law for
the reduction of postage was got up in the cities,
without regard to the interests of the people in the
interior. The projcct now advocated would take
away a number of she post offices from his district;
one of them where there were five thousandinhab-
i' itants.
If it was mtended to cut off accommodations from
the people of the interior, for the sake of promoting
the interests of the seaboard, let it be done openly
and in a manly manner. Let the money be taken
out of the treasury at once. Let it not be done by
depriving the postmasters of compensation, and
by depriving the people in a large portion of the
country of tlie facilities of the post office establish-
ment.
He was in favor of increasing the rates of post-
age. That ought to be done. But he was utterly
opposed to the reduction of the pay of postmasters
at the same time. He was as much opposed to the
present law as any one, and when the bill should
come from the committee to increase the rates of
postage and the pav of postmasters, he would give
I it his support.
j On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the committee
rose,
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May G, 1846.
Mr. PENNYB ACKER presented the memorial
of Charles M. Gibson, praying compensation for
a waggon and team of horses captured by the Sem-
inole Indians in Florida; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. MOREIIEAD asked leave to withdraw
from the flies of the Senate the petition and papers
of Samuel Y. Kerne, and that they be referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims; which
was ugiecd to.
Mr. CORW1N presented the supplemental me-
morial of the heirs and legal representatives of
j Captain benjamin Harrison, an officer in the rev-
olutionary army, praying the allowance of com-
mutation pay and bounty land; which was order-
ed to be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill to supply deficien-
cies Of appropriations made for the service of
the fiscal year ending June 30, RS47, together with
certain amendments made by the House to certain
Senate amendments, made a report, recommending
that the Senate do recedc from their fourth amend-
ment to said bill, and that the Senate do concur
with the House of Representatives in their amend-
ment to the eighth amendment, and that the Sen-
ate do insist on their third and ninth amendments
to said bill.
Mr. L. also, from the Committee on Finance,
reported <{An act making appropriations for certain
fortifications of the United States for the year
ending on the 30th of June. 1847," with an amend-
ment.
Mr. ATCIITSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, submitted an adverse report upon the peti-
tion of Margaret Ileyland; which report was or-
! dered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, submitted ad verse reports upon
the petitions of Hezckiah Wingate, Thomas Hall,
| and James Updike; which reports were severally
' ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. also asked that the Committee on Pen-
sions should be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Michael Harrison, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Naval A f-
fairs; which was agreed to.
Mr. J. also, pursuant to noticc, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of the
Mexican Railroad Company; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
DEFICIENCIES OF APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the report of the Committee
on Finance upon the " Act to supply deficiencies
of appropriations made for the service of the fiscal
year ending June 30,1847which report was con-
curred in.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, the Senate consider-
ed, as in committee of the whole, the " bill ma-
king appropriations for certain fortifications of the
United States for the year ending on the 30th of
June, 1847;" which had been referred to the Com-
: mittee on Finance, and reported back with an
amendment, increasing the appropriations fur Fort
