m
766
"1
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
Monroe, Hampton Roads, Virginia, from $35,000
to $75,000; which amendment was concurred in.
Mr. YULEE signilied his intention of moving*
an amendment increasing the appropriation for the
fortifications of the Florida reefs; and, as he de-
sired time to procure certain necessary information
in relation to the subject, he expressed the hope
that the bill would be passed by informally for a
day or two.
By unanimous consent, the bill was passed by
informally.
Air. ASHLEY moved that the prior orders of
the day be postponed, and that the Senate take up
for consideration the " Hill to amend the act ap-
proved June 17th, 1844, for the adjudication of
' private land claims before the courts, and for other
fi purposes." Mr. A. presumed that there would
be no difficulty in relation to the bill, which, unless
it was passed' speedily, would be of no use what-
e\er. The object of the bill was, to compel per-
sons holding; pre-emption claims upon uns-urveyed
public lands, which have been settled upon by other
citi/.cns and improved, under the. impression that
the said lands were a portion of the pubhe domain,
to take other lands in lieu of those claimed by them,
that innocent settlers mi^ht not be robbed of their
improvements, made, in many cases, through a
period of twenty and Unity years.
Mr. WEnTGOTT expressed the hope that the
motion would not prevail; himself and colleague
were desiious of taking up the Florida judicial bill,
but had given way several Uines to other subjects;
they were anxious now to press speedy action
upon the subject.
The motion was not agreed to.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. SPEiG LIT, was considered and rejected—
yeas Id, nays ±2 :
Resolved, That after this day the regular hour
to which the Senate shall stand adjourned shall be
eleven a. in., until otherwise ordered.
CLAIMS OF NEW HAMPSHIRE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
" bill providing for the settlement of the claims of
New Hampshire against the United States."
The question recurring upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and road a third time,
Mr. ATHKLITON expressed his regret that he
should be compelled to trouble the Senate with
s cue leniailus on this bill, m consequence of some
misapprehension which prevailed as to its charac-
ter. lie then explained that the object of the bill
was to obtain payment for the troops called out by
the State of New Hampshire, as if they had been
called out by order of the General Government.
The land which was the scene of the operations of
these troops, lie desenbed as embracing about one
hundred thousand acres of land, some of which was
of good quality. He then reiterated what he had
Mated when the bill was up for consideration some
time sincc, in relation to the origin and progress of
the difficulties which had arisen between the Suite
of New Hampshire and the Canadian authorities;
and wentaLcam into a history of the negotiations
by which that dispute had been settled. With re-
gai d to ihis chum for remuneration, lie looked upon
u as resting on the same pi maple as the bill to set-
tle the claims of the State of Maine, which had
passed. The State of New Hampshire, consider-
ing the claim to be just, had pressed on her Sena-
tors and Representatives to use their efforts to get
it allowed.
Air. A. then made some brief replies to the ob-
jections which had been urged against the bill, and
showed that it was only by the prompt and ener- j
getic action of the State that a state of things which [•
must have resulted m bloodshed was prevented, {j
The amount of the claim was only $0,000, which |!
he contended was justly due. j;
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said it would be obvi- ij
ously improper to jn'ess the bill to a vote in a thin
Senate, especially when the Senator from Vermont I
[Mr. Phelps] and the Senator from Kentucky, j
[Mr. Crittenden,] who had taken part against the j
bill, were absent. The bill having been rejected
once by a decided vote, it would be a strange pro-
ceeding in a thin Senate to reverse that decision.
Mr. ATHERTON stated that the former vote (
was not a fair expression of the opinion of the Sen- j.
ate. On the former division many Senators were ij
absent, and these were about equally divided, and jj
some voted against the bill under a misapprehen- j|
sion of its provisions. '
Mr. MOREHEAD moved to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the bill till Monday next.
Mr. ALLEN resisted the motion, insisting that
if the Senate was too thin to act on this bill, it was
too thin to act on any bill. He represented the
claim as perfectly clear, and defended the course
of the State authorities, which deserved prompt
recognition and countenance on the part of the
General Government.
Mr. MANGUM referred to the absence of the
Senators who had been named, as a sufficient rea-
son for postponement.
Mr. ATHERTON said, if the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] now absent, de-
sired to discuss the bill, he (Mr. A.) would not
object to the postponement.
Air. MANGUM had no authority for asserting
that the Senator from Kentucky intended to debate
the subject. But the Senate was thin, and ho
hoped theie would be no final action on the bill at
present. He moved that the bill be postponed till
Monday, the lSth, and made the special order for
that day.
The question being taken on the motion to post-
pone, it was decided in the negative: Ayes 14,
noes 17.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a tliiid
reading, with the following result:
YRAtf—Mc> srs. Allen, Aslilev, Atclnson, Atherton, Ba<?by,
Rice*.', Calhoun, Camm-on, Ciis-, Colqmtr, Hawvooii,
Ilou>ion, Jclinch-, Lewis, McDuH'te. Nile-, Permybackct,
Scinple, Sjvight, Tmney, VVe.-toott, and Yulee—23.
NAV?—Mes-ru. Archer, Barrow, Bcincn, Thomas Clay-
ton, John M. Clauon, Corwin, Davis, Dajton, Evans,
Huntington. Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum, and Moie-
iieud—lii.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. ATl-IERTON then said that he had no de-
sire to take advantage of the thinness of the Sen-
ate. Hp was willing to let the bill lie till there
was a full Senate.
Mr. MOREHEAD hoped that the bill would
take the ordinary course. It appeared that those
opposed to the bill were not to expect any cour-
tesy. lie trusted that the bill would be taken up
in the mU-ural course* <,
Mr. WESTCOTT remarked that he had voted
against the postponement, because it was a public
bill in which the personal feelings or convenience i
of no Senator was interested. Had it been of the
latter character, he would have been willing to
postpone.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House in-
sisted upon their third and ninth amendments to
the Senate amendments to the bill to supply defi-
ciencies of appropriations, made for the service of
the fiscal year ending June 30th, 1846.
DEFICIENCIES OF APPROPRIATIONS.
The message from the House, alluded to above,
was read."
Mr. HAYWOOD moved that the Senate recede
from its third amendment.
Mr. EVANS objected, and remarked, that if the
motion prevailed, he would feel himself under the
necessity of moving that the Senate recede from its
second amendment also.
Mr. HAYWOOD stated that he was not aware
that there was more than one amendment, and then
moved that the Senate recede from both its amend-
ments; his object was to secure the passage of the
mam feature# of the bill.
Mr. WESTCOTT objected to this course, but
was in favor of the appointment of a committee of
conference between the two Houses.
Mr. BAG BY expressed the hope that the first
amendment would not be receded from, as such a
course would deprive Mr. T. P.Jones of his equi-
table claim for services rendered the United States,
in making certain experiments m relation to steam
boilers.
The question being taken upon Mr. Haywood's
motion, it was decided in the affirmative, yeas 17,
nays 12.
So the amendments were receded from.
MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. BREESE, in fulfilment of a pledge to the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] moved that the
Senate should take up for consideration a joint res-
olution in relation to the mineral lands.
Mr. EVANS objected to proceeding out of the
regular calendar.
being talceu upon the motion, it
The question
was lost.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON moved that the Senate
should take up the consideration of the Frenclt
spoliation bill, with a view to the designation of
some day upon which the debate thereon should
be resumed; the motion was agreed to.
Mr. MOREHEAD signified his intention of ad-
dressing the Senate upon the subject, but was not
prepared to do so at present; and moved that us fur-
ther consideration be postponed until Monday
next; which motion was agreed to.
JUDICIARY.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the " bill to establish
' courts of the United States, and to provide for
' the due execution of the laws of the United States
' in the State of Florida." The Committee on the
Judiciary heretofore reported a substitute for the
original bill, which substitute was under discus-
sion.
Sundry amendments were proposed, in the dis-
cussion of which Messrs. YULEE, WESTCOTT,
JOHNSON, of Louisiana, and EVANS, took
part; after which, the bill was reported to the Sen-
ate, the amendments were concurred in, the amend-
atory bill as amended was concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. NILES moved that the Senate should pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business;
which motion was not agreed to.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 6, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part, and
(the further reading having, on motion of Mr.
MARSH, been dispensed with) was approved.
The SPEAKER announced the special order of
the day to be the bill to repeal that part of the act
of the 30th August, 1842, which imposes a duty of
twenty per cent, ad valorem.on Java coffee, &x.
Mr. McKAY asked leave-to submit a motion
that hereafter the House would take a daily recess
from two to half-past three o'clock.
Objections were made.
Mr. McKAY moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, to enable him to submit the motion.
The SPEAKER expressed doubts whether the
motion could be received, inasmuch as the specia
order had iUclf been made under a suspension of
the rules.
A fter a brief conversation between Mr. BOYD
and the SPEAKER, on the point of order—
Mr. McKAY moved to postpone the considera-
tion of the special order for the moment, to enable
him to submit the motion.
The affirmative vote stood 23; the noes were not
counted.
So the special order was not postponed; and the
motion for a recess was not received.
Mr. S. ADAMS, on leave given, withdrew from
the files of the House the papers in the case of
Mrs. E. Adams, and of Mrs. Mayrant.
Mr. R. CHAPMAN, on leave given, presented
a memorial of citizens of Tennessee valley, pray-
ing an appropriation for the removal of obstruc-
tions to the navigation of the Tennessee river at
Muscle and Colbert's Shoals; which memorial was
committed.
JAVA COFFEE AND SPANISH VESSELS.
On motion of Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER invited Mr. Payne to the chair,
who excused himself.
The SPEAKER then extended the invitation to
Mr. Boyd, who accepted it.
The committee proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the bill to repeal that
part of the act of the 30th August, 1842, which
imposes a duty of twenty per cent, ad valorem on
Java coffee, and to refund the discriminating ton-
nage duties levied on Spanish vessels (except those
1832 ^U'Ja anl^ ^>orto &'c0) by the act of 13th July,
The bill was read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of Jlmerka in Congress assented, That
from and after the passage of this act, Java coffee imported
