1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
lands," so as to make coffee free of duty imported
from- any part of the world.
The question being taken, the amendment of Mr.
Tibbatts was agreed to.
The question recurring on the "motion to strike
out, '
Mr. WINTHROP was understood-to say that
he cordially ap"proved_ of. the- amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Jones-,] yet he did
not feel it to be safe to act, upder present circum-
stances, in a matter which involved the faith of
the Qovernmfent as pledged in public treaties. He
believed there was nothing in the present law that
violated any subsisting treaties. But if, upon fur-
ther examination between this and the time when
they came to act on- the tariff bill, it should be
found that they^ could, consistently with the faith
of the nation, take any step of, this kind, to pro-
mote the navigating interests of the country, he
should cordially unite with the gentleman in efforts
to effect that object.
Mr. G. DA VIS (a member of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs) said he had not been present
at any meeting of the committee when this first
section had received their sanction, and he did not
believe it had undergone the full investigation of
the committee. He hoped that it would be strick-
en out.
Mr. S. .TONES, in reply to Mr. Winthrop,
said the section, as now amended, operated alone
on vessels of the United States, and certainly it
could not be affected by any treaty. But sup-
posing it was inconsistent with a treaty: the re-
sult would be, as the Secretary of the Treasury,
stated, that the treaty, being the paramount law
of the land, would override and render nugatory
the law. And it would take a long course of rea-
soning to convince him that the United States
would, by treaty with any nation, prevent herself
from removing restrictions on our own vessels.
This clause, as amended, took off the duty im-
posed by the tariff of 1842 upon coffee imported in
vessels of the United States, putting them on the
footing of Dutch vessels.
Mr. TIBBATTS said, as the section now stood,
coffee imported into the United States from any
part of the world would come in free of duty, and
of course Java coffee, from the Netherlands, would
come in free of duty. This section did not inter-
fere with the treaty at all; but its operation would
be, to make coffee introduced into the United States
free of duty, He was in favor of making it free,
and he hoped those in favor of it would keep this
provision m the bill. - .
Some conversation ensued between Mr. WIN-
THROP and Mr. BROCKENl! ROUGH.
Mr. B. said, if he understood the proposition oil
which they were called to vote, the effect of the
section, if'they retained it, would be to make the
importation of coffee free from whatever quarter it
comes, whether from the kingdom of the Nether-
lands or elsewhere. All those who were willing
that the importation of coffee should be free, and
who were willing to give greater encouragement
to American shipping, would vote to retain the
section.
The question was taken, tellers havina' been
ordered at the demand of Mr. C. J. INGER-
SOLLL, and it was decided in the negative—ayes
52, noes 59.
So the committee refused to strike out the section,
The bill having been gone through,
On motion of Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, the com-
mittee rose and reported the bill and amendments,
to the House.
The previous question was demanded and sec-
onded. And the main question was ordered.
The House concurred with the committee in its
amendments, and, having been ordered to a third
reading runv,
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, its title
was amended by adding thereto the,words " and
to prohibit such duties hereafter."
The bill was then sent to the Senate.
Mr. "WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
Mr. BOYD moved to go into committee.
A motion to adjourn was made, and, by yeas 75,
nays 58, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented, under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees^
By Mr. EELFE: The petition of John H. Monroe, of Mis-
souri, praying to be placed on the invalid pension list: refer-
red to the Committee on Invalid Pen=ion=. Also, the petition
ofHeniy T). Spears, of Missouri, praj ing compensation fora
horse lost during the last war .with Gieat Britain, while in
the service of the United States as a mounted ianger: refei-
red to the Committee of Claims. Aho, the petition of Alex-
ander Coleman, to be allowed to locate a land claim hereto-
fore confirmed and surveyed in the "Old Mtrte Conces-
sion," on other public lands: referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
By Mr. LEWIS: The memorial of Walter Sessions, pray-
ing the United States to aid him in enfoicinghis claim against
tho Provincial Government of Canada, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of George P. Smith, of
Missouri, praying compensation for additional services ren-
dered as mail contractor.
By Mr. E. B. HOLMES : The concurrent resolutions of
the Senate and Assembly of the State of New York, on the
subject of the militia of the Ttnited States.
By Mr. LEWIS : The affidavits of O. Lee and C. Robin-
son, in support of O. Lee's claim: referred to the Committee
of Claims.
By Mr. MACLAY : The memorial of sundry importing
merchants of the city of New York, praying that Antwerp
may lie substituted for Bremen, in the arrangement made by
the Postmaster (ieneral for the transportation of mails from
the city of New York by steam vessels: referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
By Mr. M. L. MARTIN: Tho petition of eighty-five set-
tlers (fifteen of them widows) residing on the ennal lands in
Wisconsin, asking a reduction of the price to ten shillings
per acre.
BvMr. McCLEAN: The memorial of the religious Society
of Friends of Indiana Yearly Meeting, recommending a
course of negotiation, pacific and conciliatory, witli the Brit-
ish Government m regard to the disputed claims in the Ore-
gon territory.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, JWtnj 7, 1846.
Mr. DlXpresented several remonstrances of citi-
zens of New York, against the renewal of a patent
heretofore granted to Jethro Wood; which were
laid on the table.
Mr. DIX also presented petitions of Morland,
Michall, Sands, Fuller,&,Po., I.avertv,Huntley,&
Co., and J. and P. Woodhend, merchants, in the
city of Neu'York, prnving the return of certain du-
ties illegally exacted of them-, which were referred
to the Committee on Finance,
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Benjamin
L. Lucas, a soldier in tho Inst war with Great Brit-
ain, praying a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted a reso-
lution passed by the Legislature of Louisiana, in
favor of an appropriation by Congress for the erec-
tion of a light-house at the mouth of Bayou Bon-
fonca, onthemarginof Lake Pontchnrtram, and also
one at the mouth of the river Tanchipalso; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BREESE, from tho Committee on'Public
Lands, to whom was referred tho bill to graduate
and reduce, the price of tho public lands, and for
other purposes, reported the same without amend-
ment,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, to whom was re-
committed tho bill providing for the settlement of
ail suspended pre-emption claims in the several
States and Territories, reported it back to the Sen-
ate with amendments, which Mr. J. considered
would entirely meet the objections heretofore urged
against the bill, and asked that its consideration be
now resumed.
Mr. HUNTINGTON objected to this motion;
the amendments should first lie printed, and then
brought before the Senate for action.
After some further conversation between Senators
JOHNSON, of Louisiana, HUNTINGTON, and
SPEIGHT, the consideration of the bill was post-
poned.
Mr. MANGUM said that he understood it to
be a general wish of the Senate to have a change
of carpeting, &c., made in tho Senate Chamber,
similar to that recently made in the Hall of Repre-
sentatives. As a preliminary step to the accom-
plishment of this end, he moved that when the
Senate adjourned, it should be to Monday next;
which motion was agreed to almost unanimously.
Mr. M. then moved that the necessary order be
o-iven for the accomplishment of the object above
alluded to, but, being informed that the motion was
unnecessary, it was withdrawn.
The "Act for the settlement of the claims of
New Hampshire against the United States," was
taken up for a third reading.
Mr. DAYTON observed that he understood the
Senator from' New Hampshire, [Mr. Atiierton,]
yesterday, to agree that if the vote was then taken
on ordering the bill to a third reading, he would
not press its final passage until the Senate was full.
After some conversation between Mr. ATHER-
TON and Mr. MOREHEAD, in which other
Senators participated, the bill was passed by in-
formally,
Mr. ATHERTON reiterating his unwillingness
to press it to a third reading in the absence of any
Senator interested in it.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House had
passed the "Bill to repeal that part of the act of
the 30th of August, 1842, which imposes a duty of
twenty per cent, ad valorem on Java coffee, and to
refund the discriminating tonnage duties levied on
Spanish vessels (except those from Cuba and
Porto Rico) by the act of the 13th of July, 1839."
Also, announcing that the Speaker of the House
had signed an enrolled bill.]
The " Bill to repeal that part of the act of the
30th of August, 1842, which imposes a duty of
twenty per cent, ad valorem on Java coffee, and to
refund the discriminating tonnage duties levied on
Spanish vessels (except those from Cuba and Porto
Rico) by the act of the 13th of July, 1832," was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON moved to postpone the prior
orders of the day, and take up the bill to extend
a patent heretofore granted to Bancroft Wood-
cork.
Mr. EVANS objected to travelling out of the
calendar.
The question was then taken on the motion,
which was disagreed to.
The Senate considered the bill granting a pen-
i sion to Richard Elliott; which was read a second
! time, considered as in committee of the whole, re-
j ported back to the Senate without amendment, and
j ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
| The Senate considered the "joint resolution in
i favor of David Shaw and Solomon T. Corser,"
I providing for their compensation for extra services
under the orders of the Postmaster General; which
was amended by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads ; the Senate concurred in said
amendments, and the joint resolution was ordeied
to be engrossed for a third reading.
The Senate considered the joint resolution in
relation to the issuing of grants of certain lands in
Louisiana.
Mr. ASHLEY expressed the hope that this
subject would not be acted upon during the ab-
sence of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
McDufftf.,] who had expressed a desire to be heard
upon it, and who was now detained from his seat
by indisposition.
By consent of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the bill was passed by informally.
The Senate considered the bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of J. J. Bulow, jr., de-
ceased, which was read a second time.
[Tho bill seeks to compensate Mr. Bulow for the
destruction of his property in Florida, by the In-
dians, which destruction is alleged to have taken
place in consequence of its occupation by the Uni-
ted States as a military post.]
After a long debate between Senator J. M.
CLAYTON in favor of the bill, and Senators
WKSTCOTT and YULEE in opposition to the
allowance of this claim independently of the vast
number of similar claims by other citizens of Flor-
ida, and some conversation in relation thereto
between Senators CRITTENDEN, DAYTON,
NILES, and PENNYBACKER,
Mr. NILES moved that the bill be laid on the
table; which was agreed to.
The Senate then went into Executive session,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
opened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 7, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday having been read in
part,
Mr. BRODHEAD moved that its further read-
ing be dispensed with.
Mr. COBB objected.
And the question having been taken, the House
