1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
But there were-other cases of large offices—such
aspreferred to by his colleague [Mr. Hopkins]-
which the 6th section did not meet, but which the
•AM section did meet. It was obvious that the 22d
section was intended to cover deficiencies in every
branch of the mail service—for the pay of postmas-
ters as well as of mail transportation. There was
m technical signification of that word; the words of
the proviso showed that it. was designed for every-
thing except the Post Office Department here. And
to snow how careful,the fr^mers of this law were
(and a looser or more incoherent piece of legis-
lation he had never seen in his life—lie thought the
Attorney General and the Postmaster Genera] de-
served credit for extracting some order out of this
•chaos and confusion) lest the mail servico might
fail, the 21st section appropriated $750,000 to sup-
ply any deficiency that might arise, and the 22d
section made a general appropriation for deficiency,
provided the aggregate amount did not exceed four
and a half millions dollars.
. The Postmaster General had a discretion unlim-
ited vested in him to keep up the ordinary mail ser-
vice, and a proportional increase to the increase of
our population, provided the expenses did not ex-
ceed four and a half millions of dollars. Suppose
he had neglected to use it, and had permitted tliese
large post offices throughout the country to go
down; what would have been the clamor raised
against him and the Executive ! What denuncia-
tions would not have been heaped on the Attorney
General and the Postmaster General for their con-
duct! But the Postmaster General sought most
carefully to restrain his authority within all the
limitations derived from the positive enactments of
the statute, or a fair construction of it.
Here was another law which was passed tlio
same day, he believed, of the latter law, making
appropriations for the Post Office Department for
•the year ending 30th June, 1846; anditso happened
that the amount of appropriations undar that bill
(for he had cast up the items) came to $4,500,000
within $84,000. While the Postmaster General
limited his discretion, as he had done, by expend-
ing this amount, allowed to bo expended in the
22d section, according to the construction of that
section, imbodied in tho subsequent, act, could he
or could the Attorney General have hud a greater
regard for the law than they had hud r
His colleague informed them that the department
had received in one day more than one hundred
resignations. Mr. H. admitted, if the law diil not
authorize him-to make these allowances, lie ought
not to authorize them. But this 22d section in-
vested him with discretion. These resignations
made a case in which this discretion was to he ex-
ercised and applied; and, in applying it, Mr. I I.
maintained that he had doubtless been governed by
tlie'will of Congress, and by tho words of the law,
as far as it was possible to be governed by word«
so loosely put together.
He agreed witb the gentleman from Kentucky
that the law ought to be amended. Ho hoped that
his'colleague would soon bring in it bill regulating
the payment of postmasters, fie disliked to leave
as much discretion as this law left to the Postmas-
ter General. He regretted that such legislation had
been placed on our statute book. But he main-
tained, while it was there, that the Postmaster
General was bound to act as he did act; and if he
had not done it, and, in conscqucnce of his failure
to do it, these large post offices had gone down,
there would have been a motion to impeach him,
for he would have disregarded this positive pro-
vision of the law. What it was his duty to do he
had done, and whatever blame, there was in the
matter attached not to the Attorney General or to
the Postmaster General, but to the law itself, and
it ought to be reformed. He would go with the
gentleman from Kentucky for limiting the discre-
tion as far as possible and practicable to do so by
le^a! enactment; but when they had invested this
discretion in him, and his responsibility to exercise
it was so tremendous as involving the failure of the
entire mail service of the country, he could not
blame him for using this discretion. He would
p-o with the gentleman to remodel this section not
only, but other provisions of the law which would
doubtless meet the gentleman's sanction.
He was in favor of striking out the proviso, be-
cause its operation was to defeat the effect of tins J-d
section of the law. He believed, unless some such
bill as that of which the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads had given notice
were passed, without this twenty-second section
we could not get along with the mail service of the
country; and because of the fact that this proviso,
proposed by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Oobb] to be stricken out, would be a repeal of this
provision, he would go with the gentleman for
striking it Out; but would much prefer that we
should regulate it all by law, and leave as little as
possible to the discretion of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, or anybody else. But he must be allowed to
say that, unlike the gentleman from Kentucky, so
far from regarding the opinion of the Attorney
General as enigmatical, he considered it remark-
ably clear and explicit.
Mr. G. DA Via briefly rejoined. If the Attorney
General was here (he said) he would put to him
this proposition: Does the law of Congress regulate
the compensation of deputy postmnsteis? The
reply must be in the affirmative, becau.se here was
the law, (referring to the law of which pre-
scribes the tariffof*commissions.)
Mr. HtJNTHR (in his seat.) The law of 1845
is the law in force also.
Mr. DAVIK When a cci tain per centum 011
the receipts) of an olliccr i.j fixed for his compensa-
tion, that is just as specific a compensation us
though tlie same was distinctly stated. lie urged
thai there was 110 ambiguity in the law of Jrtffi,
and th.it itprecluded, ns distinctly and positively as
in words it could be done, any discretion on the
part of the Postmaster Genera! 111 reference to their
compensation, excepting in the ease (which was
provided for in the subsequent law) where the
amount of commission for the year is less than
twenty-five dollars, in which case it may be in-
creased not to exceed fifty per cent, of the receipts
of the office.
lie appealed to the genth mall from Virginia, as
a lawyer, whether, when a .■ u!>jrr[ was expressly
provided for bylaw in worths, that repress pro-
vision of law rouhl be overruled by any implication
or construction of law-—-
Mr. HUNTKlt (indistinctly heard) wan under-
stood to say tluit this was not of the class of cases
alluded to by the gentleman. I11 this case, when
the commissions of thr postmaster were less than
twenty-five dollars, and beni^ ineieuscd as they
vveie authorized to be not to exceed tlt'ry per cent,
on the receipts, were still nisutlicient, ii was ob-
viously the intention of the law that the post otlice
should be discontinued. But in the case of these
largo post offices, it was not designed to discon-
tinue them. It would not do to do it, because, the
inconvenience to the country would be too serious
and too extensive; and m these cases the 29d sec-
tion came in, and was expressly applicable,
Mr. DAVI8 (continuing) said the Attorney
General had not said, and he would not risk Ins
reputation in saying, that lie could increase the
commissions of the deputy postmasters by law in
any other mode than that fixed by the law of 1825.
After further enforcing this view of the case, he
said it was not legal nuelhjenee that had induced
the Attorney General to give tins opinion, but it
was the necessity of the case, lint the moral
forco of tho law, the requisitions of the law, the
sanction of the law, ought to be the only necessity
known, and no other necessity should be toler-
ated or practised on. The Postmaster General,
ho contended, under Ins plea of necessity, set aside
the positive requirements of the law by implica-
tion. He supposed the case that the contractors
should refuse to execute their contracts unless the
Postmaster General would allow tlieni as much more
as he allowed the deputy postmasters, would the
gentleman from Virginia say then that his discretion
under the 2tM section would allow him to comply
with their demands ? It was an analogous case
precisely.
Mr. DAR-RAGH said, according to his recol-
lection of the discussion which took place on the
passage of the law of 18-15, the compensation of
the. deputy postmasters at the large offices was not
called tn question. He had now heard with some
astonishment from the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads that under this
law these postmasters were left without compensa-
tion, and some of them brought in debt to the de-
partment. In that discussion it was pretended that
the small offices might be the sufferers. And he
rather supposed that this flood of resignations
which had inundated the Postmaster General had
come from the small offices.
He considered it a mistaken policy of the gentle-
man from New York to desire this public labor to
be done for nothing:. By paying them liberally, a
better service would be insured. For one, he
would go to give these deputy postmasters the
franking privilege.
He would not undertake to discuss the opinion
of the Attorney General. For the gentleman per-
sonally, and for his legal attainments, he had the
; highest rcspeet. It seemed to Mr. D. that his con-
struction was based on the absolute necessity of
[ the case. But let that pass.
! But if this proviso was stricken out, how were
these officers to be paid i Was this money to be
thrown loosely into the hands of the Postmaster
General, for him to give to this officer and to that
officer as much as he saw fit respectively ? They
could not invest him with this power, or any other
officer with such a power, under the Constitution.
Where was the standard, then ? It ought to be, it
appeared to him, in some act previous to this law.
The Postmaster General might be very honest and
discreet in its distribution—he doubted not but he
was. But Congress ought to designate the manner
in which this money should be expended. This
was the objection he had to striking out the pro-
viso.
Mr. STANTON said it was with great diffi-
dence he proposed to say anything upon a legal
question in a body where there are so many older
and abler lawyers than himself. But he would oc-
cupy the floor but a very few moments, and he
would confine himself to a single point.
He was surprised to see the very able opinion of
the Attorney General attacked very boldly from
several quarters. He had examined that opinion,
and it had struck him as altogether correct in its
reasoning and m its conclusions, tie had no hesi-
tation 111 pronouncing it, according to his judgment,
sound upon e\ery principle of construction to be
applied 111 such cases.
lie would not. repeat the arguments of the Attor-
ney General, supposing they were generally under-
stood and appreciated, fie would present one
idea, not advanced by any other gentleman in his
hearing, nntl ill answer to the honorable gentleman
from Kentucky. Tluit, gentleman argued that the
piowsion in the law of 1S45 providing for an anti-
cipated detii'iency in the revenues of the Post Office
Department under the new law, and appropriating
a sum to supply such deficiency, which the Post-
master General might apply as the revenues of said
department " are now applied by law," could not
authorize the Postmaster General to increase the
compensation of the postmasters, because that was
fixed " by law," according to certain rates of per
centum upon the revenues received at the respective
post offices. Now, this position of the gentleman
presented no difficulty to his mind. It was fore-
seen that the revenues of tho department would be
deficient. A provision was made to supply that
deficiency. The compensation of postmasters is to
be calculated upon the amount of revenue. Now,
if the revenues were to be increased from any quar-
ter to supply deficiencies, it was but an equitable
and reasonable mlc. of construction, that the com-
pensation of postmasters should be measured by
the increased revenue as supplied from the treas-
ury. Their per centum, as cut down and destroyed
by the diminution of postages, should keep pace
with the necessary revenue, as it should be increas-
ed according to the necessities of the service. This
consideration struck liini as one forcibly present-
ing itself, growing out of tho two lav/s referred to,
and forming a fair ground of equitable construc-
tion. It seemed to him to meet the objection urged
by the gentleman from Kentucky; and, together
witb the arguments presented in the opinion of the
Attorney General, left no doubt upon his own mind
as to the soundness of that opinion.
This was ail he intended to say; and he there-
fore yielded the floor.
Mr. McHENRY said that the postmasters had
certain commissions upon the receipts of their of-
fices, and the law in this way fixed their compen-
sation as explicitly as if it had done it by dollars
and cents. And no discretion whatever was given
to the Postmaster General in reference to compen-
sation, except in cases where the commission is
less than twenty-five dollars per annum; in which
case it maybe increased, but not to exceed fifty
per cent of the receipts. The deficiency contem-
plated to be supplied was not for the compensa-
tion of postmasters, but in their offices, and for
other expenses. He was emphatically in favor of
