776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May-7,
retaining the proviso, and of regulating the matter
as far as possible by law, and leaving nothing to
the discretion of the Executive Department.
Mr. SEDDON had listened with attention to
the argument of the gentleman from Kentucky on
this subject. By the law of 1825, a mode was
prescribed by which the rates of compensation to
deputy postmasters should be determined. That
was a general provision by which the compensa-
tion of postmasters was made to depend on the
receipts of their offices. But under the law of
1845 a great reduction was made in the rates of
postage, and upon that reduction it was foreseen
that great and serious difficulties would arise, but
which could not be fully anticipated and provided
for. There was, on the part of the fr.wneis of
this law, a desire to provide for the mail service of
the country, and to make provision for any diffi-
culty which might arise. Among the provisions
thus incorporated into this bill with reference to
this new state of things, there were two which
bore directly on this question, and which were
found m the 21st and 22d sections. The 21st was
introduced on the supposition that there would lie
a deficiency. A calculation was made as to what
would be the probable failing oil' under this new
system, and this 21st section was designed to sup-
ply this deficiency m the service.
The aim and design of Congress in pnssing the
bill of 1845, was to prevent any embarrassment
that might arise out of the experiment winch it
contemplated. This was the object of the twenty-
first section, and went on further, and added an-
other and more general provision for the same ob-
ject. There was a desire on the part of Congress
to provide for all the deficiencies which might be
expectcd to arise. The purposes of the appropri-
ation of the seven hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars were expressly declared in the 21st section.
This was an appropriation for deficiencies anticipa-
ted; and the next scction provided that any defi-
ciency that occurred should, to the extent of four
and a half millions, be paid out of the treasury.
It was utterly impossible to foresee all the difficul-
ties that might embarrass the experiment; but some
were foreseen, and expressly provided for. The
difficulties as to the compensation of postmasters
were not foreseen, but these were covered by the
general provision for deficiencies. He contended,
therefore, that the provision made by former laws !
for the payment of postmasters diu not exclude I
them from the provisions of the law of 1845. J
Mr. BAKER said the Postmaster General had j
expended a million of dollars in addition to what i
he was authorized to expend by law, and this was I
defended under a construction of law which he |
(Mr. B.) did not concur in. This was too nnpor- !
tant a subject to be passed over in haste. Uiiiver- j
sal astonishment was expressed ill the country |
when this order of the Postmaster General was
promulgated—when it was ordered by that officer
that an amount of a million of dollars be added to
the compensation that the po.stmnsteis were sup-
posed to be entitled to under the law.
He, (Mr. B.,) for one, would say that he did
not believe the opinion to be a sound one, under
which the Postmaster General had regulated his
conduct. By the law of 1^45, the rates of postage
were reduced, and they regulated the mode of
expending the revenues of the department. The
mode of compensating the postmasters of the large
and small offices was regulated by law. Congicss
had fully examined the whole subject, and had
acted upon it. The question was, by what au-
thority the Postmaster General undertook to re-
verse the opinion of Congiessf If Congress did
anticipate difficulty, as the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Seddon] had supposed, then why did
they not provide for it? Did they authorize the
Postmaster General to legislate on the subject?
Mr. SEDDON explained, that the law, in his
opinion, provided first for the difficulties that were
proven, and next made a general provision for all
deficiencies that might occur.
Mr. BAKER continued. Congress knew what
difficulties were to be provided against. They
knew that the whole subject of compensation for
postmasters was provided? for by law.
He appealed to the common sense of the House,
whether the law of 1845 could have passed, if it
had been understood tharthe Postmaster General
wag to add §1,000,000 to the expenditure by con-
struction. The Attorney General had justified the
construction put upon the law by the Postmaster
| General, upon the ground that the appropriation
! of $750,000 was intended to cover all contingen-
| cies, but others had justified it upon different
| grounds. The postmasters were, under the law,
; to be paid according to the receipts of their post
| offices. As the compensation was governed by
1 law, how could it be regulated by any other rule?
There could be no deficiency in the compensation
of postmasters, because their compensation was
fixed.
Mr. SEDDON here remarked that it was antici-
pated that the labors of the postmasters would be
increased by the bill. The object of the bill was
: to increase the number of letters passing through
] the mails.
I Mr. BAKER said Congicss could not foresee
1 whether the law would increase or diminish the
j labors of postmasters, and if they should be ill li-
j mately increased, their compensation might be in-
j creased by law.
i The construction of the Postmaster General
would not have been tolerated by Congress, could
it have been anticipated; yet now $1,000,000 had
been spent; and upon whom, and by what rule?
I He could not help expressing his opinion of the
| act, and of the principle, oi rather the want of prin-
; ciple, which governed it. He was willing to give
j the postmasters whatever they earned, but he pro-
; tested against the unheard-of principle of expendi-
| tare which had been adopted by the Postmaster
j General. There was one class of expenses which
were necessarily provided for, and that was the
payment of contractors. They must be paid, or
the mail establishment must stop; and for that class
of expenses alone was the appropriation of $750,-
. 000 provided. He said the twenty-second section
| was only an addition to the twenty-first, and was
] the same in principle. Power was given to meet
deliciencies arising in the execution of the laws,
and not in the exercise of official discretion. The
twenty-second section increased the amount of the
contingent appropriation. If the $750,000 was not
enough, then up to four and a half millions the de-
ficiency should be taken from the treasury; but all
these payments were to be regulated by the law of
the land. He was not willing to yield to any execu-
tive officer the power of substituting discretion for
law. L£in a time of profound peace such powers
could be assumed, what would fiedone on the first
appearance of a war? And we were now talking
of an Oregon war and a war with Mexico.
Mr. McCLEKNAND said that it was not his
purpose to continue the debate which had already
been protracted and very irrelevant. He rose for
the purpose of expressing his surprise at the op-
position which had been made to the amendment
proposed. The Postmaster General had construed
the law of 1845, precipitately thrust through this
House at the last session, so as to authorize the
inciease of the compensation of post officers in cer-
tain cases. It was objected that this construction
was incorrect; that the law had not only limited
the compensation, but had virtually abolished the
exercise of the franking privilege by postmasters.
This was the ground of controversy. Mr. McC.
said that befoie the present debate, no complaint
had been heard from any quarter of the construc-
tion of the Postmaster General. On the contrary,
it had been approved by the public press and pub-
lic opinion. Now was the first time complaint had
been heard, and now it was the emanation of parly.
Mr. McC. could not find language to express his
surprise at the denunciations which his colleague
[Mr. Baker] had seen fit to hurl at the Postmaster
General. Did not the gentleman know that a dif-
ferent construction would have abolished half—he
was authorized to say by the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, well-
nigh three-fourths—of the post offices in Illinois,
and the new States generally ? The gentleman de-
nounced an act which had preserved to the people
of Illinois the facilities and benefits of the mail sys-
tem; and it seemed that he was not only opposed
to what had been done, but that he was now in
favor of the incorporation of a provision which
should, for the future, cut off these facilities and
benefits.
Mr. BAKER here said that he was not opposed
to the extension of mail facilities, nor to allowing
a just compensation to post officers. He had only
spoken as to the conduct of the Postmaster Gen-
eral.
Mr. McCLERNAND said that " conduct," the
subject of censure, had been what had secured
these objects; and that therefore.the gentleman's
sentiments and language were at variance.
One word more, and he had done. The gentle-
man from New York (Mr. Rathbitn] had said,
the other day, that the present law had operated
well in his district; that there it had not been at-
tended with the effect of abolishing any offices.
But he would say to the gentleman that he should
not permit his district to be the ocean of the river
of his patriotism. He should not adhere to a law
which rendered the mail system a monopoly in
favor of a few cities and populous communities.
Mr. BAKER here remarked that he was willing
to take all the responsibility of paying the post-
masters, but he wished to have all the glory and
honor'of paying them by law instead of leaving it
to Cave Johnson.
Mr. BIGGS moved an amendment to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Da-
vis,] providing that the postmasters should have
the franking privilege in cases where their compen-
sation did not exceed two hundred dollars.
Mr. HOPKINS appealed both to the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Biggs,] and the gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] to withdraw
their amendments', stating that the committee would
be ready in a day or two to report a bill embracing
the whole subject of compensation and franking.
Mr. RIGGS said that he would withdraw his
amendment, if that of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi should be withdrawn.
Mr. HOPKINS said the whole subject had been
reduced to form in a bill which he hoped would be
reported to-morrow. He hoped the amendments
would be withdrawn, and that a distinct vote would
be taken on striking out the proviso, which} in his
opinion, ou°ht to be stricken out. •
Mr. PET TIT said, that as the gentleman from
Virginia had assured the House that a bill would
be reported in a day or two which would regu-
late this matter, and as he, desired until then to
retain this proviso, he would move that the bill be
laid aside for the present.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. J. DAVIS said he Vould withdraw his
amendment if he* supposed his object would be
reaehed-in any other way. He was unwilling to
make the Post Office Department , a charge upon
the country.
Mr. BIGGS withdrew his motion-to amend.
The question was then taken on Mr. Davis's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The question then recurred- upon striking out
the proviso in the original bill, and it was agreed
to—ayes 82, noes 55.
Mr. McKAY moved an amendment appropria-
ting $4,000 for the support of the telegraph be-
tween Washington and Baltimore, until the 1st of
January next, iind providing that the Postmaster
General shall have the power, at his discretion, of
renting out the telegraph to any one who will keep
it in repair for its receipts, or to make an absolute
sale and transfer of the same.
Mr. McKAY explained that the support of the
telegraph during the last year had cost $7,200, and
the receipts were $1,147. The committee had
proposed an additional appropriation to keep it in
operation until the 1st of January next, and to au-
thorize the Postmaster General to rent it or sell it.
The expenses of the establishment were $5,850
per annum.
Mr. PETTIT said the amendment was .entirely
unnecessary. It was useless to instruct the Post-
master General, for he would put what construc-
tion on the law he pleased, and the House would
sustain him in it. He could see no propriety in
prescribing anything for the regulation of the de-
partment, while it was to be subject to the exercise
of individual discretion. He looked on the tele-
graph as a miserable and utterly useless thing.
It would always cost more than any advantage
that could possibly be derived from it would be
worth.
Mr. McKay's amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. WINTHROP moved to amend by pro-
viding that $40 75 be paid to Hame& Coleman,
for an ascertained balance due to them.
This was agreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved that the bill be laid aside,
for the purpose of taking up bill No. 116, for the
support of the Military Academy.
It was objected to.
Mr. PETTIT moved that the committee rise.
Congress, he said, might adjourn and leave it to
