778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
After an inquiry by Mr. HENLEY, not heard
by the reporter,
The question on the motion of Mr. HUNTER
was taken, and derided in the affirmative—ayes 94,
noes not counted.
RETROCESSION OF ALEXANDRIA.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Doug-
lass, of Illinois, in the chair;) and, on motion of
Mr. HUNTER, proceeded to the consideration of
the bill to rctrocede the county of Alexandria, in
the District of Columbia, to the State of Virginia.
The bill was read as follows:
Whereas no moie territory ought to be held under the ex-
eliiMVu legislation j*iven to Congress over the district which '
tne seat of tne General Government, th;ui may be neces- j
eary and proper far the purpo-t'sof s>ueh a sent; and wheiens i
e\petience hath shown that the poition of the District ot !
Columbia ceded to the United States by the State of Virginia «
has not been, nor i& evei likely to be, necessary l\>i that pur- !
pos« ; ami \vheiei« the State of Virginia, hy an net passed [
on the thud dav of February, eighteen hundred and foit\ -six, j
eat.tl-'d "An act accepting, by the State ot V'uguna, the ;
connt\ of Alexandria, in the District of Columbia, when the :
s.une shall be receded bv theContriessof the IJniMl States,"
hath si^uitied her willingness to take hack the said teiutory
ceded <u  afmesaid . tlierefoie,
IRc il enacted h>/ the Senate uiifl House of Jieprcsentat'vpt nf '<
V'C United States of ^l.ncnca in (.'>  , c.-j u^ei/ih/ed, That,
with tne assent ot th>1 pjople ot the e.-untv and town ot ;
Al-x.mtiua,to Ik- a-e^itained ashereinafiei pro-cubed, all of .
fiat poraon of tin: Distin't of Columbia c. iled to the Unit'd
States by the State ut Vngmia, and all the ir.'hts and jmis- ■
diction there-with ceded ov. i the a one, b; , and the same ate !
hereby, ceded and torever lelmquHhed to the State of Vir-
ginia, m full and absolute light and jumdiction, as well of :
soil as of person^ residing oi to icbi'le thereon.
Sec, ;2. Jlvd be it furihn cnaclrd^ Tiiat nothing heiein !
contained shall be construed to vcU in the State of Virinnia,
any right of property in the ciMom-house and post otlice '
of the U.iiled Suite* within the tow n of Alexandria, oi in the j
s.hi ot the t"5ntory heieby ieceded so as to affect the lights i
ot individuals or evaporations therein, otherwise than as the -
same shall oi niav be tran^lerreil by Mich individuals or coi- '
pornlions to the St:ito of Vngmia. ;
Sec. o. Jhul be it farther cn-tctrtl, That the jurisdiction
and laws now exi-Urig in the said teriiiory, ceded to the |
United States* by the Slate of Vii ima, as aforesaid, over !
the persons and prop<nry of individuals theiein le-ulntg, J
shall not cease or deterinnie until the State of Virginia shall ,
hereafter provide, by law, tor the extension of her juris-
diction and judicial system over the euid temtory hereby
receded. i
Sko. 4. Jlnd he it fivrtker enactedy That this net shall not i
be in foiee until aftor the assent of the people of the county j
and town of Alexandria shall be given to it in the mode here- j
iuafter provided. Immediately after the close of the present |
session of Consiess, the Picsidentof the United States shall :
appoint tne commissioners, (any three of whom may act,) '
oitwns ot the said town or county of Alexandtia, and fiee- •
hoid'Ts within the same, who shall be sworn hetoie some
justice o! tne peace in and foi the t-nid town or county, to
dtschaige the dune- heiehy imposed upon them faitliiu'iy,
linpartialh, and to the hestof their ability. These couinns-
ttoner^, oran\ thtt:«' of tln-m, felmll pioroed williui t"ii da\s
after they arc notified ot their appointment, to fix upon tli<>
time,place, and manner of taking (he vote within the town ;
or county ol Alexandria, and shall give notice of the same
by'advcitisemcut m the newspaper of the ?aid town. And
on the day and at the pl.ieo so appointed, every whit'1 main
citizen ot the conniyaiid town of Alexandria, of twenty-one
yeni->of «ge, ot more, ami who sdmll h/ve been a ie>-iflent
theiein for two yr.ji-.oi- mote new preceding the tone when
he otters to vote, <tnd who >hall not be insane oi a pimpei,
bhall vote rim voee upon the qinMion of acceptm? or reject-
ing the pio\ Ni>n ' of tins net. The raid commi,—-loners .shall !
pte-id" when I lux vote i. taken, and decide all questions ,
ari«in<* in relation to the light ot voting under tin-; act. i
Within three da\s attei this vorc i> taken as <ifore-aid, the ;
taid ooimm<"*iontjr<-sb?dl make out three'tutemerits of the ;
leniltot this poll upon oa'.h, and und-'r tiieir seals. Of'
these, one -h.d) bo tiansnutted to the pc-ident of the Cm- *
ted States, one to the Governor of the Commonwenith of ;
Virgmni, and one shall be deposited in the clerk's oflie<« of !
the i onnh cotnt of Ale>findna. Tfamajontyot the votes i
so given >nall be east against accepting the pro vision^ of this j
act, then if •'hall be void and of no eft'eet; but if a majmity
ol the said votes should lie in favor of accepting the pio\is-
ions of thi> aet, tlien this (iet shall be m full fotee. and it. j
shall be the duty of the Pres-ident of the United States to j
in form the Governor of Virginia that tin- aet is m full fotee
and effect, and to make proclamation of the fact,
Seo. 5. ,/lnd he it futtket cnatlrr!, Th,i!, m s-ncli case, tho ;
right of prop"it\ ifi the half-qwre m Alexandria, on which 1
stands the eoui t-lionse, hounded by Columbus, Q.neen, and i
Princess streets, and the half square on winch stands the !
iail, bounded by Princess, St. Asaph, and Pitt sticets, shall !
be conveyed to the Governor of Virginia and his successor*, i
for the use of the county and corporation of Alexandria ;
forever; and the Sohcnor of the Treasury of the United j
States is heieby authoiized and requneri, m the name and j
on behalf of the United States, to make all the proper and '
necessary conveyances for that pinpo«c. j
St,c. 6. Jlnd be it further emitted, That the United States ,
retain the right of property and jurisdiction over the Long 1
Bridge across the Potomac liver, and over so much land on
the southern side of the river as may be necessary for the '
abutment of the said bridge.
Mr, HUNTER addressed the committee, (in a ,
speech, of which a full report will be given here- ;
after in the Appendix.) He explained generally
the object of the bill, and urgently advocated its j
passage. He adverted to the many high consider- j
ations of public policy which justified and sanc-
tioned the measure. He examined the constitu-
tional objections which had been urged against it,
answering and refuting them. He spoke of the
importance of the retrocession to the people of
Alexandria; and depicted, in glowing colors, the
blight that had fallen on that city by reason of
her dependence on the General Government; her
declining commerce; her premature decay; the des-
olation which had come upon her, not by the
scourge of God, but by the hand of man. He
believed that if the boon contemplated by this bill
were granted, the blessings of the people of Alex-
j andria, and of their posterity, would fall upon
; Congress. If this opportunity was neglected, Con-
i gress would be responsible for whatever evils might
j result.
! The three first sections of the bill having been
j rend, and no amendment having been offered—
; Mr. CULVER moved to amend the 4th section
j in the 17th line, by striking out the word " white."
; Mr. C. said he wanted every male citizen should
, enjoy the right of the elective franchise. He spoke
: of a great variety of shades of complexion, with so
i slight distinctions, that it would be difficult, under
| the bill which conferred this privilege only on
; white mule citizens, to tell who were voters.
; He wished the honorable gentleman who report-
: ed this bill would state in its preamble the whole
i truih concerning the anises which had tended to
I bring it forward, or that the preamble might be
I stricken out entirely. One reason which operated
| upon that gentleman might be that under the Con-
j stitution and laws, fugitive slaves—fugitive slaves
, from this District—could not bo captured and re-
! taincd. If so, this would be no very strong reason
for voting for this bill.
' lie argued that Mr. Hunter, by taking the po-
i sition that in case of the retrocession, Virginia
( could manumit the slaves in Alexandria, had vir-
tually admitted the power of Congress to manumit
; them there, and in the whole District. For Con-
ercss now exercised exclusive jurisdiction over the
| District; and if the surrender of her power to the
| State authorized that State to abolish slavery, cer-
[ tainly Congress itself possessed that power while
: she retained this exclusive jurisdiction.
If the bill and preamble were so modified as to
strike out the word " white," as much as he v^as
oppoHed to putting back 1,000 or 1,500 slaves un-
der the jurisdiction of Virginia, he should not be
very much opposed to the bill.
The question being taken, the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. MORRIS roso to move an amendment; but,
after some conversation, he yielded to
Mr. G. W. JONRS, who moved an amendment,
to strike out from the word "every," in the 10th
line, to paupci.s," in the 20th line, and insert in
lien thereof every white male citizen of the Uni-
' tod States who shall have resided in the said
4 county of Alexandria six months preceding the
' time when he offers his vote, insane persons and
{ paupers excepted."
After some conversation, in which Messrs. TIB-
BATTS, HUNTER, WENTWORTH, and oth-
ers participated,
The question being taken, the amendment was
adopted.
Mr. PAYNE moved to strike out in the 2d line,
4th section, the words "in the county and town
of Alexandria," and insert in lieu thereof the words
" the District of Columbia"—(so as to require the
assent of the citizens of the whole District, instead
of Alexandria merely, to the retrocession.)
Mr. P. said he had not anticipated the consider-
ation and action upon this subject at this time, and
he was not so well prepared to debate the subject
now as lie. wished to be. But he would not dis-
cuise his true feelings in regard to the measure.
He was opposed to the passage of this bill, and for
reason? which were satisfactory to his own mind,
whatever weight they might have with other gen-
tlemen.
With regard to the argument which the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] had made, and
most eloquently made too, he had but a word to
say—and that was, that he attached some more
importance than the gentleman seemed to do to the
execution of the trust with which this Government
was invested when the seat of Government was
located in the District of Columbia. The power
was given to Congress to receive by cession from
particular States a tract of land not exceeding ten
miles square, and there to locate the seat Of Gov-
ernment. The Congress of the United States had
fully executed that power, and in his humble opin-
ion, with its execution the whole matter stopped,
and the power was exhausted; and more impor-
tance he conceived attached to this subject than the
gentleman from Virginia thought proper to give it.
Mr. BOYD here addressed art inquiry to Mr.
Payne, which, from his turning away, was en-
tirely lost to the reporter,
Mr. PAYNE replied, if Providence interposed,
and brought around a state of things wholly be-
yond the control of this Government, he assured
the honorable gentleman from Kentucky " suffi-
cient unto the day is the evil thereof." But if the
gentleman himself and his friends voluntarily in-
volved themselves in a difficulty of that sort, Mr.
P. hoped they would not call on him to point out
the means by which to extricate themselves. He
thought the whole error in regard to this case re-
sulted from the fact that the gentleman seemed to
consider Congress omnipotent within the District
of Columbia; that the clause giving to it u exclu-
sive legislation" made it an absolute despotism;
that Congress could perform any act within this
District it deems proper, independently of the lim-
itations of the Constitution. That was an error.
The Constitution gives to Congress "exclusive"
power of legislation, but not unlimited power. It
cannot witliin this District take private property
except .for public use, and on paying just compen-
sation therefor; it cannot abolish the right of ha-
beas corpus, of trial by jury, or do any of those acts
prohibited by the Constitution. No; Congress
must, legislate exclusively within the District of
Columbia—no other legislation caft be admitted
within it—but it must legislate under the provis-
ions of the Constitution. Otherwise all the diffi-
cultie.s which the, gentleman from Virginia seemed
to anticipate would occur; but confining himself to
the limitations of the Constitution, they would be
obviated, and the bill under consideration will be
excluded. Congress had the right to receive a
district and exercise exclusive legislation. There
its power stopped. It had no right to transfer.
1 With reference to the amendment which Mr. P.
had offered. The District of Columbia, so far as
the Government was concerned, was one. No
sections, no divisions were known to the Govern-
ment of the Unitied States. They were politically
one people; united in one political association;
bound to submit to one authority; and their des-
tinies, in fact, linked together in one common
bond. It seemed to him, therefore, that whenever
an attempt was made to alienate a part of that com-
munity, the assent of the whole, at least, was
necessary. If he was disposed to go into the
question generally, he would deny the power of a
Government to tiansfer its territory, and of this
Government particularly; and the books would
bear him out m the fact that no territory could be
transferred, unless such transfer was necessary in
order to preserve the whole. But no such neces-
sity existed. This proposition of transfer was not
founded on necessity, but on the will of a few in-
dividuals living in one part of the District. Now,
before this retrocession was made, the question
should be submitted to the whole people of the
District of Columbia; and in case it was sanctioned
by them, the case would at least be presented in a
more favorable light than it is at present.
Another objection he had to the bill was, that
we had paid a very large amount for that- portion
of the District of Columbia south of the Potomac
river. Was it contemplated to refund this money?
Did the Virginia Legislature, in its zeal to get
back a portion of this District, think proper to pro-
vide for refunding that money—not less, he thought,
than a million of dollars? No; they ask you to
give back Alexandria; the soil, too—a thing which
this Government never had, but the jurisdiction
only. But if they adopted a proviso .to this bill
declaring that we will not pay the debt of the cor-
poration of Alexandria, amounting to somewhere
m the neighborhood of one million of dollars, it
would very much change the state of vote when
taken; and then the people of Alexandria will re-
ject this proposition in this bill.
The true object of the bill was to saddle on the
Government this debt; not only to give up every
dollar that has been paid, but to bring forward an
additional claim against the Government, amount-
ing to a million of dollars; for gentlemen liad told
him that unless this debt was paid by the'Oovern-
