780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
Mr. B. argued that this small accession of pop-
ulation—the population of Alexandria town and
county, all told, being but ten thousand, and of
them only six hundred voters, (which was a large
proportion for a southern population)—would be
of no account in a contest of eastern and western
Virginia, even if they all cast their votes in that
way, which w as not at all probable. The addition
of these votes to those of a State numbering one
and a half millions of inhabitants, would be a mere
bagatelle, the merest trifle in the world in a politi-
cal point of view.
In concluding, Mr. B. begged the House, (and
he thought m asking this he was not asking what
was not reasonable,) in deciding this question to
decide it on its own merits, with reference solely
to national considerations, and without any sort of
reference to the local influences or interests of Vir-
ginia.
Mr. McCLERNAND obtained the floor.
Mr. PAYNE appealed to him to yield, to allow
an explanation.
Mr. SIMS also wished the floor, in order to sub-
mit a motion, inasmuch as this bill was made the
special order for one day, that the committee use
with the view of adopting a resolution fixing an
hour to-day for terminating the debate.
Mr. McCLEl-lNAJNTD, stating that he would
submit that motion if such seemed to be the sense
of the committee, yielded to—
Mr. PAYNE, who said he had risen and sub-
mitted, when upon the floor before, a few observa-
tions, without having investigated the subject, and
had spoken from his general information respect-
ing it. The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bay-
i.y,] had thought proper to characterize his remarks
as jmpudent.
Mr. BAYLY, (in his seat.) I said no such
thing.
Mr. PAYNE, (continuing.) As impertinent,
then ! "Impertinent" to interfere in the legislation
of this Congress ! "Impertinent" to interfere with
anything appertaining to Virginia! And are re-
marks which I make upon a subject thus coming
directly before this Congress, to be characterized
by the gentleman from Virginia as "impertinent
1 scorn that remark; and I hurl it back in the teeth
of the sourec from which it originated. "Imperti-
nent" to interfere in the follies of Virginia! Are
they too sacred to be touched, because her citizens
have grown old in them? Why, if twice as old, or
if they had existed from the beginning of time, I
would attack them, feailess of the imputations
thrown upon me, or of the consequences which
may flow from it.
I am asked where I got my commission to inter-
feie in Virginia politics. My " commission!" That
is a quotation from the other wing of the Capitol,
i hold it by the will of seventy thousand freemen;
and by the God who made me I will sustain it.
There is where I s;ot mv commission, sir.
But,sir, (said Mr. P.,) 1 have not interfered in
Virginia politics; I have not sought to interfere in
Virginia politics; I have said nothing in regard to
Virginia politics, or of the tight of Virginia to gov-
ern herself. 1 said that a struggle, was going on in
Vh^inia between the eastern and western part to
call a convention, one object of which was to extend
the right of suffrage. The gentleman denies it.
Now i appeal to the gentleman from the western
part of Virginia whether that contest is not going
on, and has been for years.
Air. BAYLY. 1 denied no such thing.
Mr. PAYNE. I appeal to the House whether
the gentleman did not say there was a contest going
on about a call for a convention. This is what he
did say; but the gentleman now has the right to
take other ground if he chooses.
Mr. BAYLY. I denied that it was purely a sec-
tional contest; and I now deny it.
Mr. PAYNE. The gentleman now puts it on
the ground of sectionality; and 1 ask the gentleman
from the western part of Virginia whether, when-
ever a convention has been defeated, it has not been
defeated by eastern Virginia, and desired by west-
ern Virginia?
Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON said it was with great
reluctance that he interferod again in this contest
between the gentlemen. I can repeat what I said
before, that we of the West are exceedingly anxious
to assemble a convention to alter the fundamental
laws of the State of Virginia; that there is but one
opinion in that section of the State; that the whole
western part of the State are looking anxiously to
the time when we should be. able to assemble a con-
vention to reform the constitution of the State. The
east, we understand there, are opposed to a con-
vention.
Mr. PAYNE (interposing.) So do I.
At least so far as regards the basis of representa-
tion, (continued Mr. J.,) the eastern portion of
the State have proposed to assemble a convention,
but upon terms which we of the west do not think
proper to accept. That is what I understand to
be the true state of feeling.
Mr. PAYNE. That is precisely what I stated.
Mr. HOPKINS (Mr. P. yielding the floor) said
the extension of the right of suffrage is one of the
matters which has entered into the consideration
of this question of a convention. But instead of
being the question, as characterized by the gentle-
man fiom Alabama, [Mr. Payne,] which more
than any other engaged the public mind, there has
perhaps been a louder clamor for restricting, rather
than extending the right of suffrage—so as to pre-
vent the railroad or floating vote, which gives to
the cities an undue influence over the surrounding
counties.
Mr. PAYNE, (resuming.) I said it was one of
the questions, and an important question, as the
right of suffrage is and always must be. I think
1 am sustained most signally in the position I took
by the gentlemen from Virginia [Mr. Johnson
and Mr. Hopkins,] the gentleman from Accomac
to the. contrary notwithstanding.
The gentleman from Virginia (from the Acco-
mac district) had told him he seemed to feel a pe-
culiar interest in Virginia—and in western Virginia.
And why should he not? Was it not natural?
There his eyes had first opened upon the light of
day; there it was that he had grown to manhood;
theie he had quenched his thirst from the rivulet
bursting from the face of her hills; there he had
laid the foundation of whatever knowledge of pol-
itics, or otherwise, that he might possess. It was
true, he had spent a considerable portion of his
life west of the Alleghanies; but he still had a
deep and sincere interest in seeing his old State
take l)er stand upon correct principles, in a great
question of civil liberty.
But his object was not to interfere with the do-
mestic affairs of Virginia, but to warn Congress
against talcing a part in that contest, and more es-
pecially on the wrong side, seeking to trample
down the will of a minority by what is deemed
the majority. J le apprehended, hereafter, it would
be wholly out of order to allude to Virginia under
any circumstances; that the Virginia delegation
would rise up and say, Do not interfere with us.
There was a firmness of attachment to Virginia
errors, on the part of her Representatives, which
sickened him, (Mr. P.,) and must sicken others.
It is high time that they should be exposed and
corrected; and gentlemen should not complain of
interference, if, in this matter, he held the mirror
up, that they might " see themselves as others see
them."
But, said the gentleman, western Virginia would
repudiate his (Mr. IVs) friendship. He did not
fear that it would be repudiated by Democrats in
any quarter. A life of twenty years' consistent
devotion to the Democratic principles insured for
him favor, or at least a fair consideration, from
Democrats. Had he been changing with the
changes of power—a Whig to-day and a Demo-
crat to-morrow—a mere weathercock, to indicate
the variations of the popular will—he might not be
able to flatter himself with this indulgence from
the Democratic party.
Mr. McCLEHNAND resumed the floor; but
yielded, at request, to
Mr. BAYLY, who wished to make one remark,
and but one, with reference to himself personally.
The gentleman from Alabama, (he said,) with
some violence of gesture, not unusual to him, had
seemed to take offence when he (Mr. B.) had said
that his (Mr. P.'s) interference on this floor with
the domestic concerns of Virginia was impertinent,
and he said he threw back the imputation in my
teeth. 1 will inform the gentleman (said Mr. B.)
—it is not necessary for me to inform this House—
that £ shall not notice the throwing back an impu-
tation which I have before applied.
Mr. PAYNE, (in his seat.) I am very well
satisfied. It is nothing I have to complain of.
Mr. McCLERNAND now resumed the floor,
and proceeded.
He said he had risen to speak to the question of
power involved, and not to take a part in the con-
troversy—somewhat personal—which had occur-
red. He had been anxious to vote for the bill, not
only from a desire to gratify the wishes of the
people immediately concerned, but also because
his inclinations had been wrought upon by the
eloquent and persuasive remarks which had fallen
from the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.]
But upon investigation, an insuperable objection
presented itself. There was a want of constitu-
tional power. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Boyd] had askea the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Payne] whether, if the District of
Columbia had been sunk by an earthquake, it
would not be competent for Congress to relocate
the seat of Government. Mr. McC. answered,
Unquestionably; first, from the necessity of the
case, necessity rising above law; secondly, because
the question of relocation was an entirely different
question from that of the power of Congress to
alienate an integral portion of the territory and
people of the District. Congress had full power
to change the location of the seat of Government;
and in that case, by operation of Jaw, the Dis-
trict, including territory and people, would revert
to the States ceding it.
The Constitution was quite clear upon the main
point at issue. It declares that Congress shall have
power (t to exercise exclusive legislation in all
* cases whatsoever over such District (not exceed-
* ing ten miles square) as may, by cession of par-
4 ticular States and .the acceptance of Congress,
4 become the seat of Government, "&c..
The words are, "t«. all eases." What cases?
Cases in which the States themselves could not
" exercise legislation ?" No; certainly-not. * In all
those cases in which it would have bpen competent
for the States to have legislated? No; perhaps
not even in these. But in all cases necessary and
proper to the ends of a seat of Government, and to
the enforcement of a civil police, or civil govern-
ment; and in this lies the construction which se-
cures the property of the people of the District.
Again: conceding, for the sake of argument, that
the jurisdiction or the Government, under the
clause quoted, ise^ual to what was the jurisdiction
of the States of Virginia and Maryland before the
cession, yet -the Government cannot rightfully
alienate any portion of her territory, or people of
the District, without their consent, or at least the
consent of a majority. On this point Vattel says:
iC Government has no right to traffic with their (its mem-
bers) rank and liberty. * * * They are united
to the society to be its members. They acknowledge the
authority of the States to pjomote in concert their common
welfare and safety; and not to be at its diposal like a farm
or a herd of cattle."
Locke, in his Treatise on Civil Government,
says:
" If the consent of the majority shall not in reason be re-
ceived as the act of the vvbolp, and include every individual,
nothing but the consent of every individual can make any-
thing to be the act of the whole."
Judge Story, in his Commentaries upon the Con-
stitution, says:
" No right exists, or if supposed to exist, on the part of
any town or county, or any organized body within the State,
short of the whole people of the State, to alter, suspend, re-
sist, or disown the operations of the Constitution, or to with-
diaw themselves from ita jurisdiction."
Now, if the people of the District form one body
politic, if they are a unit for civil purposes, it is
not competent for a minority to withdraw them-
selves from the common jurisdiction of all; nor
can anything less than the consent of a majority
confer the power upon Congress, if it can take it
all, to alienate any portion of them.
The bill under consideration proceeds upon the
petition of the people of the county of Alexandria,
to transfer their county and their jurisdiction to the
State of Virginia; and yet the people of that county
constitute but a small minority of the people of the
whole District.
A case might bo put, which would show the
practical injustice of the principle declared in the
bill. If the District, acting as a corporation under
the law of Congress, had contracted a debt of sev-
eral millions of dollars, would it not be grossly
unjust to the majority to allow the minority, upon
their application, to escape a just share of the bur-
den, by transferring themselves to another jurisdic-
tion ?
Mr. A. D. SIMS moved that the committee rise,
remarking that his object was not to close the de-
bate.
Mr. JAS. McDOWELL said the object would
