1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
781
be better accomplished by a discussion at large.
Our hands were now in the work, and our hearts
were for it. It would be as well to carry it through
to-day. He hoped the gentleman from South Car-
olina would withdraw his motion. He did not ask
it as any personal favor, for he had not in view
any intention of addressing the committee; ■
Mr. SIMS withdrew the motion.
Mr. JAMES McDOWELL then said, that with-
out going into th.e question, he felt himself con-
strained, by a sense of duty, to make some remarks
in regard to what had fallen from the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Payne.] He spoke of the
devotion of his people to their own institutions and
recollections, and deprecated the discussion which
had arisen upon the internal concerns of Virginia,
as unnecessary and out of place, and having no
bearing on the question. He did not wonder that
her institutions were open to the animadversion of
Congress. While she gloried in the success and
the renown of those of her sons, who, like the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Payne,] had left
her, she did not court their assistance or need
their counsels. No one here felt a higher obliga-
tion resting upon him to support the principles of
unrestricted suffrage than himself. He represent-
ed a constituency that was more undividedly at-
tached to it than any other in his State—a district
which had been gloriously distinguished as the
Tenth Legion of Democracy. His own convic-
tions on this subject corresponded with those of the
seventy thousand people whom he represented; but
the subject had nothing to do with the discussion
of this question, though it had been invoked as a
reason against aretrocession of Alexandria. Those
who advanced such an argument were alien to the
habits and feelings of the Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia. She wanted justice to all; and her motto
was, "Fiat justitia, ruat calnm."
Mr. McD. then adverted, in an eloquent strain,
to the situation- of Alexandria, and appealed in a
forcible manner to the'House to disenthral her fYom
her bonds.
[A report of Mr. McDowell's remarks is ne-
cessarily deferred.]
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Payne, and it wns rejected.
Mr. PAYNE said he was certain that the House
did not understand the question. The object of
the amendment was to subject the question of re-
trocession to the whole people of ilie District of
Columbia, and not to a portion of the people.
The question was again put on the amendment,
and it was again rejected.
Mr. RATHBUN moved to strike out the 4th
section. There was no difference of opinion among
the people of Alexandria, as he understood, as to
the policy of recession, and there was, therefore,
no necessity for the expense and mockery of this
section.
Mr. HUNTER remarked that the people of Al-
exandria were not unanimous on the subject,
though there was a large majority in favor oi the
measure.
The question was taken on Mr. IIatmhin s
amendment, and it was negatived.
Mr. MORRIS moved to amend the 6th sec-
tion so aa to strike out the word " return," and
insert the word " cede," and to strike out " south-
ern," and insert " northern."
Some conversation on this point arose between
Mr. THURMAN, Mr. MORRIS, and Mr. GRA-
HAM, when the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HTJNGERFORD moved to strike out the
6th section.
Mr. E. B. HOLMES said that if we cedcd the
territory, it was improper to reserve any part of
thMrfR&KERH.OFF was in favor of equal-
izing the expense of keeping the bridge in repair
between the two Governments.
The question was taken on the amendment, ann
it was agreed to—76 to 50.
So the sixth section was stricken out. _
Mr PAYNE moved to add a new section to the
bill, providing that in no event shall Congress
hereafter assume to pay the debts of the corpora-
tion of Alexandria.
This was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. HOGE, the committee rose
and reported the bill and amendments to the
HMr?G. W. JONES demanded the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded.
A-n(l 'he main question (being first on concurring
witn the committee in its amendments, and then
on ordering the bill to a third reading) was ordered
to be now taken.
All the amendments were concurred in.
And the bill was ordered to a third reading now.
And having been read a third time by its title—
And the<mestionbeing, "Shall this bill pass?"—
Mr. G-. w. JOKES demanded the previous
question.
There was a second; and the main question was
ordered to be now taken.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked the yeas and nays on
the main question; which wereordered, and,being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Baker, Bar- >
ringer, Bayly, Bedinger, James A. Black, Bowhn, lloyd, >
William G. Brown, Burt, John If. Campb ll, Augustus )
A. Chapman, R. Chapman, Chase, Cobb, Cocke, Collin, t
Cro/jer, Cullom, Darragh, Dobhin, Douglass, Dunlap, Ed- j
sail, Edwin II. Ewing, Fiekhn, Foot, Gentry, Gordon, Gisi- i
ham, Grover, Haralson, Heiriek, Hdhard, flo^e, Klias 11. i
Holmes, Hopkins, John W. Houston, Edmund W. llubaid, !
Hungerford, Hnntei, Joseph R. In^crsoll, Andrew Johnson, j
George W. Jone , Seaborn Jones, Daniel P. King, La Sere,
Lewis, Levin, Ligon, McClolIand, MeConnelt, Jamc* Mc-
Dowell, McGaughey, McHemy, Marsh, Miller, Mor>e,
Moseley, Noma, Owen, Pendleton, Pollock, ll<imsey, Rath-
bun, Reid, Rhett, Ritter. John A. Rockwell, Root, Sawtolle,
Scammoti, Schenek,  <ddon, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson,
Truman Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stfinton, Stephens, Stew-
art, St. John, Strong, Sykow, Tlubodeaux, Jacob Thompson,
Toombs, Towns, Timnbo, Vmton, Winthrop, Woodruff,
Woodward, Yancey, und Veil—Dti.
NAYS—Me^sr*. Abbott, John Cluincy Adam's, Anderson,
Arnold, Bell, Benton, James Black, Blunchaid, Bimk-
erhoff, Brodhead, Wm/W. Campbell, Cairoll, Catheart,
John G. Chapman, Clarke, Cranston, Culver, Daniel, Gar-
rett Davis, Jerteison Davis, Delano, De Mott, Dillingham,
Dromgoole, Erdimui, John II. Kwnig, Fries, Gaivm, Good-
year, Hamlin, Harper, Henley,lIou«h, Samuel D. Iluhluml,
Hudson, James B. Hunt, Phailes J. Ingci^oil, Joseph John-
son, Kennedy, Preston King, fieili, Long, Lumpkin, Me-
Clean, MeCIernaml, Mellvaine, AIeKay, John P. Maitm,
Barkley MatUn, Morris, Moulton, Niven, Pavne, IVrnll,
Phelps, Pnee, Kobcits, Alexandei Sims, Starkweather,
Thurman, Ttbhaua, Tilden, Vance, and Young—65.
So the bill was passed.
And the Mouse (under the operation of the pre-
vious question) rejected a motion to reconsider the
vote.
Mr. MORRIS asked leave to make a report.
Objections were made.
Aiid the House adjourned.
ners, and operators, engaged in mining and trading in coal,
remonstrating against any change or modification of the
present tariff laws.
By Mi. McCLEAN: Three petitions signed by 286 citizens
of Adams county, Pennsylvania, and one signed by 57 citi-
zens of York, Pennsylvania, of similar tenor, piaying Con-
gress to establish a post-route from York, Pennsylvania, via
East Berlin, to Peteisburg, (YorkSulphur Spring;) and that
the mail on said route be carried daily and in two-horse
coaches* , „ .
By Mr. BAYLY: The petition of Samuel M. Latimer, set-
ting forth that he has the leeal title, by prior deeds, to a por-
tion of the lands at Old Point Comfort, and asking Congress
to purchase his claim thereto.
PETITION'S, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented, under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. RAMSEY: The petition of Richard Lee. Thomas
IVT, Duvics, and 50 others, citizens of Schuylkill county,
Pennsylvania, laborers, minors, and operators, engaged m
mining and trading in coal, remonstrating against any inter-
ference with ihc present uiitt'.
By Mr YKLL : The petition of 150 citizens of Arkansas,
praying fbrtho establishment of a mail-route fiom Colum-
bia, lu'Clucot county, Arkansas, via Warien, Bindley coun-
ty, El Dorado, Union county, Linnvillc, Lafayette county,
thence to (1liirke\illc, In the Stale of Texas: refeired to
the Committee on the Post uilico and Post Roads.
By Mi. TILDEN: The memorial of David J. BeanWey,
and 104 other citizens of Port ige county, Ohio, piaying for
a law giving to each indigent head of a family a tract of land
out of the public domain : leferred to the Committee on the
Public Lands. Also, ihe memorial of P. 'Pullman, and 130
other citizens of Summit county, Ohio, lemoivtratiug
against Ihe lenevval of' the patent of Jethro Wood for cast-
ing lion plough pomts.
By Mr. BOWLIN: The remonstrance of Dr. Chuiles
J. Carpenter, and 111 other citijvns ot St. Louis, Mis>.oiui,
remonstrating agan^t the employment of the l\nuh about
to bo appropriated for a marine bo.-pital at St. Louis to
the pureha*e of the city work-house, or the county poor-
house of said county, for *uc|i purpose, alleging the present
accommodation superior to either m their opinion ; and also
uiginjf the selection of an appropriate site tor said hospital,
by competent peisons appointed for that purpose, in lieu of
purchasing either of the above sites: ivferied to the Com-
mittee of the Whole Home on the state of the Union.
Bv Mr. R B. HOLMES: The mernonal of the ieligiou«
Soeicty ofFiiemls of Indiana Yoaily Meeting, by "their
cleik, Elijah Collin, depiccatmg all wats, and suggesting pa-
cific negotiation, and finally, as a dernier resort, arbitration,
as the tine way of settling the Oregon contioveiw.
By Mi. GRINNELL: The petition of Abigail Bodfish,of
Sandwich, Massachusetts, for a pern-ion, in consideration of
the seiviees of her husb.uid in the re\olutionary army.
By Mr. C. B. SMITH: The memorial of the religious
Society of Friends of Indiana Yearly Meeting, by their
meeting for sufferings, urging upon Congress the propriety
and necessity of a peaceful settlement of the controversy
between the United States and Great Britain, in regard to
their respective claim® to the toriitory of Oregon.
By Mi. MeCLEitNAND: The petition of numerous citi-
zens of Edwards county, Illinois, prajmga change of mail-
routes m adjacent parts of Illinois, so as to save distance and
promote economy and public convenience : referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Bv Mr. RAMSEY : The remonstrance of Johannan Cock-
hill " John Miller, and one hundred and tvventv-five other
citizens of Schuvlkill county. Penns>lvania, laborers, im-
HOTXSE OP REPRESENTATIVES. -
Saturday, Jtiay 9, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced the business first in
order to be the bill (pending at the adjournment on
Thursday) for the relief of Charles W. Pinckney,
which hod been returned from the Senate with an
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the House proceed to
the consideration of the private calendar.
Mr. McCLEAN asked leave to present certain
joint resolutions of the Legislature of Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. DANIEL was understood to express his
willingness to yield the floor for that purpose.
Mr. G. DAVIS desired to move a suspension of
the rules, to enable him to offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER said the question would be
taken first on the motion of the gentleman from
Noith Carolina, [Mr. Daniel.]
And the question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the House proceeded to the consideration of
the private calendar.
The bill for the relief of William Culver (the
first in the order of business on the Speaker's table)
was read a third time and passed.
RELATIONS WITH MEXICO.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS moved a suspension
of the rules to enable him to offer the following
resolution:
]-ics)h'cd> That the President of the United State* he ic-
qucMrd to inform thii Houmj whether any poitions or de-
tachments of the Amcucan army on the Kio Grande ha\e
attacked, or been attacked by, the Mexican foiees or people;
whether any American officeis or soldiers have been killed
m any such attaek, and. if so, the name or names of such
officeis or soldiers; ana whether they were killed in the
American or Mexican territory.
Second. Whether any supplies for the American army
have been captuied by the Mexican forces; and, if so, what
amount of supplies were thus captured, whatforee had been
detailed to guard them, and what efforts were made to retake
them.
Thitd. Whether any naval commander of the United
States has blockaded the mouth of the Rio Grande or Mala
moras; whether such commander has ordered off or cap-
tured any American, Lngh^h, or Mexican ships from Mat.i-
mora-. or the mouth of the Rio Grande, and, if eo, what
ships have been thus ordered off or captured; and also com-
municate to this IIou«e a copy of any order or orders under
which any such commander may have acted.
Mr. D. asked the yeas and nays on his motion,
which wcie ordered; and, being taken, were as
follows:
YEAS—Messr*. John (l. Adams, Barringer, Bell, Blanch-
ard, Milton Brown, VV. G. Brown, Bufhngion, William W.
Campbell, John II. Campbell, Carroll, John G. Chapman,
Cianslon, Cioz.icr, Culvt r, Darragh, Gai rett Davis, John H.
Eu-inir, F.dwm 11. Ewing, Foot. GuUhn?<. Graham, Grider,
Gunnell, Hampton, Haiper. Herm-k, Milliard, Samuel I).
Hubbard, Hudson, Joseph R. Ingeivoll, Daniel P. King,
Lewis, Levin, Long, J. McDowell, McGaughey, McHeniy,
Mellvaine, Mar.ih, Moseley, Pendleton, Pollock, John A.
Rockwell, Root, Schenck, Severance, Truman Smith, Albert
^rniLh, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Strohm, Thibo-
deaux, Thomasson, Bejamiu Thompson, Tibbatts, Tilden,
Toombs, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, Winthrop, Yell, and
Young—-64.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
Bi2j?3, James A. Black, Boyd, Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, Burt,
Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Cha«e, Clarke,
Cobb, Collin, Cullom, Daniel, Daryan, Jefferson Davis, De
Mott. Dillingham, Dobbin, Dunlap, Ed sail, Erdman, Fieklm,
Fries, Garvin, Goodyear, Gordon, Grover, Hamlin, Ilaralson,
Harmaiit>on, Henley, Hoge, Hough, Edmund W. Hubaid,
Hungerfbrd, J. B. Hunt. J. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geo.
W. Jones, ieib, La Sere, Ligon, Lumpkin, McClean, Mc-
Clelland, McClernand, McKa}r, J. P. Mai Un, Bark ley Martin,
Morris, Morse, Moulton, Niven, Noma, Parrish, Payne,
Perriil, Phelps, Price, Rathbun, Reid, Ritter, Sawtelle,
Sawver, Scainmon, Seddon, Alexander D. Sims, Leotiaid
H. Sims., Robeit Smith, Stanton, Staikweather, St. John,
Strong, Sykess, Towns, Tredway, Wentworth, Wheaton,
Wick1, Woodward, and Yancey—Sa.
So the rules were not suspended, and the resolu-
tion was not received.
