782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
Mr. DOUGLASS asked leave to make a report
from the Committee on the Territories.
Objected to.
THE SECRET-SERVICE FUND.
Mr. PETTIT, on leave given, offered the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the committee charged with the
investigation of the charges made by C. J. Inger-
soi.l against the late Secretary of State, Daniel
Webster, be, and are hereby, authorized to sit
during the session of this House; and that the com-
mittee have power to employ a clerk.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to strike out the last
clause of the resolution—i.«., so much as related
to the employment of a clerk.
Mr. PETTIT. There is not a member on the
committee who will serve twenty-four hours with-
out a clerk.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then let the House appoint
other members.
Mr. PKTT1T. Very well.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the resolution
by providing; that a clerk should be allowed to the
select committee of which he was chairman, ap-
pointed on another branch of the resolution. He
did not, he said, ask leave to sit during the sessions
of the House, because that privilege was not desired
by the committee.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Hamlin, and decided m the affirmative.
So that portion of the resolution which provided
for the employment of a clerk was stiicken out.
The question was then taken 011 the amendment
of Mr. Schenck, and it was rejected.
And then the resolution, as amended, was adopt-
ed—that is to say, the committee have leave to sit
during the sessions of the House.
Mr. PETTIT now rose, and asked to be ex-
cused fiom further service on the committee. No
member of it, he said, could do the necessary
writing.
Mr. 1. li. HOLMES moved to discharge the
whole committee and let them go free.
The SPEAKER put the question on the motion
of Mr. Pettit,
And the House, without a division, decided that
he should not be excused.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Thereupon the House resumed the consideration
of the private calendar.
The bill for the relief of the owners and crew of
the schooner "Success" coming up on the question
of engrossment,
Mr. MORRIS moved that the bill be laid on the
table.
The yeas and nays were asked, and ordered;
and, being taken, wore—yeas 71, nays 85.
So the bill was not laid 011 the table
The bill was then ordered to a third reading
note.
And having been read a third time by its title,
And the question being, "Shall this bill pass?"—
Mr. GORDON asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and being taken, were yeas 80, nays
72.
So the bill was passed.
The bill for the relief of Nathaniel Bird coming
up 011 its final passage,
It was opposed by Messrs. CLARKE and GOR-
DON, and advocated by Messrs. D. P. KING,
LEWIS, and ADAMS.
Mr. DANIEL asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and being taken, were yeas 76, nays
66.
So the bill was passed.
The Senate bill for the relief of George Wently
was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. BAYLY called up the motion heretofore
made by him, to reconsider the vote by which the
bill to authorize the payment of seven years' half-
pay of a lieutenant, due 011 account of the death of
Lieutenant Jonathan Dye, had been rejected.
The report, 011 the request of Mr. B. was read.
Mr. BAYLY advocated the motion to reconsid-
er, and spoke in favor of the bill, (yielding for
explanation to Messrs. Bpjnkerhoff, Clarke,
and Gordon.)
Mr. HAMLIN opposed the motion.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question,
which was seconded; and the main question (on
the reconsideration) was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. HUNGERPORD asked the yeas and nays,
] which were ordered; and, being taken, were, yeas
! 62, nays 72.
So the vote was not reconsidered.
SECRET-SERVICE FUND.
The SPEAKER, by consent, laid before the
House the following letter:
" Hon. J. W. Davis :
" Sir : I am confined to my bed, and attended by
' Dr. Hall, of this city. There is not the slightest
' probability of my being able to be out for many
' days, and it may be weeks. I must therefore ask
' of the House, through you, to be excused from
• serving 011 the special committee to investigate
' charges against Daniel Webster.
" Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
" May 9, 1846." " D. W1LMOT.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, Mr. Wilmot waa
excused.
ORFIIAN ASYLUM OF ALEXANDRIA.
Mr. A. D. SIMS moved to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole from the consideration of the
bill to incorporate the Orphan Asylum and Female
Free Sciiool of Alexandria, 111 the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. RATHBUN hoped Congress would not
legislate any more at present for Alexandria.
Mr. mihXKERHOFK. Let Virginia do it.
Mr. 11ATHBU.N. We passed a bill yesterday
to retrocede Alexandria to the State of Virginia;
let us wait and see what the fate of the bill is to be.
Mr. SIMS said a few words not heard by the
reporter.
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
The yeas and nays were taken, and were—yeas
43, nays 98.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurrcd on the motion of Mr.
Sims, to discharge the Committee of the Whole
fiom the further consideration of the above-men-
tioned bill.
But the SPEAKER decided that the bill required,
by the rules, to be considered m committee.
On motion of Mr. WENTWORTH, the House
then resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the private calendar.
The SPEAKER invited Mr, Marsh, of Ver-
mont, to the chair.
Mr. MARSH desired on this, and on all other
occasions, to be excused, because (he said) his
j; si^ht was so imperfect, that he was unable to dis-
j' anguish members in their places.
|| The SPl^AivER invited Mr. Caleb B. Smith,
'i of Indiana, who accepted the invitation.
'j The committee took up the bill for the relief of
|j Larkin Smith.
11 Mr. CLARKE moved that it be reported to the
; House, with a recommendation that it do not
|! pass.
| The report, on a call, was read; as also,,on the
i! suggestion of Mr. GROVER, an adverse i*eport
j1 made at a former session.
i After a few remarks from Messrs. JOHNSON,
of Virginia, RATHBUN, BR1NKERHOFF,
j; CLARKE, and SEDDON—
!' The bill was laid asid to be reported to the
1 House, with a recommendation that it do not pass.
The bill for the relief of the owners and crew of
the fishing schooner Tancred next came before the
committee. This bill makes an allowance of bounty
' oil a fishmg vessel lost at sea.
I Mr. COBB moved that the bill be reported to
, the House with a recommendation that it do not
j, pass.
j Mr. GRINNELL moved to amend the motion
[ so that the recommendation be that the bill do
li pass.
II The CHAIRMAN said, if the first motion was
j, rejected the bill would be reported to the House as
j a matter of course.
j Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
i amend Mr. Cobb's motion, by striking out the
\\ word " not."
;; The CHAIRMAN ruled the motion out of or-
der, for the reason given on the motion made by
Mr. Grinnell.
I; Mr. GORDON opposed the bill, and moved
I: that the committee rise. Lost.
j; Mr. D. P. KING answered Mr. Gordon, and
1; spoke to the bill with much zeal and animation.
!. The House had, this day, in two votes, by yeas
j| and nays, decided in favor of a bill precisely sim-
ilar; he had no fear wpuld reverse it on this
bill.
GORDON rejoined, and waxed parmer in
his opposition.
Mr. DILLINGHAM made an effective and for-
cible speech in support of the bill and in answer to
Mr. Gordon. To which that gentleman "inade
another rejoinder.
Mr. HAMLIN took the floor, and in a speech
of much feeling and warmth, advocated the bill,
and spoke in warm terms of eulogy of the institu-
tions, the charities, th« habits, manners, customs,
and business of New England, which had been,
he thought, somewhat disparaged in the debate.
The question was taken on the motion that the
bill be reported with a recommendation that it do
not pass, and it was lost—41 to 71. <
The Committee of the Whole then rose and re-
ported the bill, and the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 11, 1846.
The Journal having been read—
A Message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Walker, his Private Sec-
retary, which was read by the Secretary of the
Senate, as follows:
To the Senate a)id House of Representittiyes:
The existing state of the relations between the United
States and Mexico, renders It proper that I should bring the
subject to the consideration of Congress. In my Message
at the commencement of your present session, the state of
these relations, the onuses which led to the suspension of
diplomatic iiitei course between the two countries in March,
184% and the long continued and unredressed wrongs ana
injuries committed by the Mexican Government on citizens
of the United States in their persons and property, were
briefly act fortli.
As the facts and opinions which were then laid before you
were carefully considered, I cannot better express my pres-
ent convictions of the condition of affairs up to that time,
thnn by referring >ou to that commmiicnrion.
The strong desire to establish peace with Mexico, on lib
eral and honorable terms, aud the readiness of this Govern-
ment to regulate and adjust out boundary, and other causes
of difference with that Power, on such fair and equitable
principles as would lead to permanent relations of the most
friendly nature, induced me in September last to seek the
reopening of diplomatic relations between the two countries.
Every measure adopted on our part had for its object the fur-
therance of these desired results. In communicating to
Congrefs a succinct statement of the injuries which we had
suffered from Mexico, and which have been accumulating
during a period of more than twenty years, every expression
that could tend to inllnme the people of Mexico, or defeat or
delay a pacific result, was carefully avoided. An Envoy of
the United States repaired to Mexico with fall powers to ad-
just every existing difference. But though present on the
Mexican soil, by agreement between the two Govemrve its,
invested with full powers, and hearing evidence oft! e most
fnendly dispositions, his mission has been unava'l i g. The
Mexican Government not only refused to receive nim, or
listen to his propositions, but after a lon^-continued series
oi menaces, have at la<t invaded our territory and shed the
blood of our fellow-citizens on our own soil.
It now becomes my duty to state more in detail the origin,
progress, and failure of that mission. In pursuance of the
instructions given in September last, an inquiry was made,
on the 13th of Octobei, in 1845, in the most friendly terms,
through our consul in Mexico, of the Mmiater of Foreign
Affairs, whether the Mexican Government « would receive
< an envoy from the United States intrusted with full powers
1 to adjust all the questions in dispute between the two
'Governments;" with the assurance that "should the au-
< swer be in the affirmative, such an envoy would be imme-
'diatftly despatched to Mexico." The Mexican Minister,
on the 15th of October, gave an affirmative answer to this
inquiry, requesting at the same time that our naval force at
Vera Crux might be withdrawn, lest its continued presence
might assume the appearance of menace and cocrcion
pending the negotiations. This force was immediately
wiihdiawn. On the 10th of November, 1845, Mr. John Sli-
deli, of .Louisiana, was commissioned by me as Envoy
Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of the United
States to Mexico, and was intrusted with full powers to ad-
just both the questions of the Texas boundary and of indem-
nification to our citizens. The redress of the wrongs of
, our citizens naturally and inseparably blended itself with
i the question of boundaiy. The settlement of the ohe ques-
tion in any correct view of the subject involves that of the
! other. I could not. for a moment, entertain the idea that
I the claims of our much-injured and long-suffering citizens,
many of which had existed for more than twenty years,
should be postponed, or separated fiom the settlement of the
boundary question.
Mr. Slidell arrived at Vera Cruz on the 30th of November,
and was courteously received by the" authorities of that city.
But the Government of General Herrera was then tottering
to its tall. The revolutionary party had seized upon the
Texas question to effect or hasten its overthrow. Its deter-
mination to restore friendly relations with the United States,
aud to receive our Minister, to negotiate for the settlement
of this question, was violently assailed, and was made the
great theme of denunciation against it. The Government of
General Herrera, there is good reason to believe, was sin-
cerely desirous to receive our Minister; but it yielded to the
fctorm raised by its enemies, and on the 21st of December re-
fused to accredit Mr. Slidell upon the mostfrivofous pretexts.
i These are so fully and ably exposed in the note of Mr.Sli-
'1 dell of the 24th of December last, to "tire Mexican Mirtiat'er
