1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
of Foreign Relations, herewith transmitted, that I deem it
unnecessary to enter into further detail on this portion of the
subject "
Five days after,the date of Mr. Slidell's note, General Her-
rera yielded the Government to General Paredes without a
struggle, and on the S0th of December, resigned the Presi-
dency. Ihis revolution'was accomplished solely by the
army, the people hav.mg taken little part m the contest; and
tlms the supreme power m Mexico passed into the hands of
a military leader.
Determined to leave no effort untried to effect an amicable
adjustment With. Mexico, I directed Mr. Slidellto presenthis
credential* to the (iovernmenf of General Paredes, and ask
to be. officially received by him. There would have been
less gruirhd for taking this step had General" Paredes come
mto power by a regular constitutional succession. In that
event his Administration would have been considered but a
mere constitutional continuance of the Government of Gen-
eral Herrera, and the refusal of the latter to receive oui Min-
ister would have been deemed conclusive, unless an intima-
tion had been given by General Paredes of his desire to re-
verse tiie decision of his predecessor.
But the Government of General Paredes owes its existence
to a imlitaiy revolution, by which the subsisting constitu-
tional authorities hadheen subverted. The form of govern-
ment was entirely changed, as well as all the high function-
ality whom it was administered.
Under these circumstances, Mr. Slidell, in obedience to
my direction, addressed a note to the Mexican Minister of
Foreign Relations, under date of the 1st of March last, ask-
ing to be leceivcd by tliat Government in the diplomatic
character to which he had been appointed. This Minister,
in his reply, under date of the 12th of March, leiterafcd the
arguments ot his predeccssoi, and, in term* that may be con-
sidered a<? giving just grounds of offence to the Government
and people of the United States, denied the application of
Mr. Slidell. Nothing, therefore, remained for our Envoy hut
10 demand his passports, and return to his own country.
Thus the Government of Mexico, though solemnly pledged
by official acts in October last to-receive and accredit an
American envoy, violated their plighted faith, and refused
the offer of a peaceful adjustment of our difheulties. Not
only was the otfer rejected, but the indignity ol its rejection
was enhanced by the manifest breach of faith in refusing to
admit the Envoy, who came because they had bound them-
selves to receive him. Nor can 11 be said that the oiler was
fruitless from the want ot opportunity of discussing it: our
Envoy was present on their own soil. Nor can it be ascribed
to a want of sullieient powers : o\u Envoy had full powers
to adjust every question of difference. Nor was theie room
for complaint that our propositions for settlement were un-
reasonable : pcimission was not even given our Envoy to
make any proposition whatever. Nor can it b> objected
that we, on our part, \yould not listen to any reasonable
terms of their suggestion: the Mexican Government, refused
all negotiation, and have made no proposition of any kind.
Tn my message at the commencement of the present ses-
sion, I informed you that, upon the earnest appeal both of
the Congiess and convention of Texas, I hud ordered an
efficient military force to take a position '• between the
Nueces and the Del Norte." This had become nece-sary to
meet a thieatened invasion of Texas by the Mexican foices,
for which extensive military preparations hud been made.
The invasion was threatened solely because Texas had de-
termined, in accordance with r solemn resolution of the
Congress of the United States, to annex herself to our Union;
and, under these ciieumstanc'.s, it was plainly our duty to
extend our protection "over her citizens and soil.
This fotce was concentrated at Corpus Christi, and >e-
mamed thereuntil after I had received such mfornmtion tVom
Mexico as renderedit probable, if not certain, that the Mexi-
can Government would refuse to leceivc oui Envoy,
Meantime Texas, by the final action of our Congress, h.ul
become an integral part of our Union. The Cougn*^ of
Texas hy its act of December 19th, 1836, had declared the
Kio del Norte to be the boundary of that Republic. Us juris-
diction had been extended and cxcrci-ed beyond the Nm>o< s.
The country between that river and the Del Noite had been
represented in the Congfess and in the Convention i Texas,
had thus taken part in the act of annexation itself, and is now
included within.one of our Congressional dif tries. Our own
Congress had, moreover, with gieat unanimity, by the at t
approved December 31st, 1845, recognised the country he-
\oiid the Nueces as a part of our tenitoiy by imdudmg it
wxthni our own revenue system; and a revenue officer, to
reside within that district, has been appointed by ami with
the advice and consentof the Senate. It bceameuheiefoie,
of indent necessity to provide for the defence ot that portion
of our country. Accordingly, on the thirteenth ot .January
last, instiuctions were issued to the geueia in eonimund
of toese troops to occupy the left bank o the Del Nm}<.
This river which is the southwestern boundary oi the
State of Texas—is an exposed frontier. From this quaiter
invasion was thieatened; upon it and in m immediate vicm-
itv ni the judgment of lush military experience, aic the
Tjropor 'titioiisfor the protecting force* oi the Government.
In addition to this important consideration, several
occurred to induce this movement. Among rhc&cuiethc
facilities atforded by the ports at Brazos Santiago and die
mouth of the Dei Norte for the i eception ot supplier b> sea,
Sic stronger and more healthful military positions, the con-
venience tor obtaining a ready and a more abundant supply
of Televisions, water, lucl, and forage and the advantage*
wh?ch are affirded bythe Del Norteinforwaidmgsupphesto
iuehpStaainiay be established in the interior and upon the
^f^mo^'ment of the troops to the Del Norte was made
hv the Commanding Geneial, under positive instructions to
•lb-tain from all aggressive acts towaidd Mauco, 01 HIpxi-
- and to rOT'i the relations between that Ke-
™,bhe and the UmtedStates as p.-acefiil, unless she should
pub.ie ana tne u . ac(s of hostiUty indicative ot a
?4teaof war! He was specially greeted to protect private
on the 11th of
S*a kofufe Del'NotoI* oppwite 'to'mammas,"where it
bank of the Wei .j > w itj vvhlch llag smce been
^ hyC~&iPof flel<i works. Adep6thas
also been established at Point Isabel, near the Brasos San-
tiago, thirty miles in rear of the encampment. The selec-
tion of his position was necessarily confided to the judgment
°f the geneial in command.
The Mexican forces at Matamoras assumed a belligerent
attitude, and on the 12th of Apnl, General Ampudia, then
m command, notified General Taylor to break up his camp
within twenty-four hours, and to retire beyond the Nueces
river; and m the event of his failure to comply with these
demands, announced that arms, and arms alone, must decide
the question. But no open act of hostility was committed
until the 24th of April. On that day, General Arista, who :
had succeeded to the command of the Mexican forces, com- j
munieated to Geneial Taylor that" he considered hostilities ;
commenced, and should prosecute them.'' A party of dra-
goons of sixty-three men and officers were on the same !
day despatched from the American camp up the llio del |
Norte, on its left bank, to ascertain whether the Mexican
troops bad crossed, or weie preparing to cross, the liver.
" became engaged with a large body of these troops, and
after a short affair, in which some sixteen were killed and
1 wounded, appear to have been t-uirounded and compelled
e to surrender."
The grievous wrongs perpettatod by Mexico upon our cit
izens throughout a long period of yeuts, r<. nitun uniedivsacd ; j
and solemn treaties, pledging her public faith for this- iedie<s, j
have been disregarded. A Govermm nt eitliei unable or nn- !
willing to enforce the execution of such treaties, imlsto pui- j
fonn one of its planie t dune-. |
Our comineice with Mexico has been almost annihilated. ;
It wa^ formerly highly benetieial to both nauons; but our !
merchants have been deteirud from prosecuting it, bythe ,
system of outrage and extortion winch the Mexieau author-
ities havepursiied again^ttliem; whilstthen appeals through
their own Government for indemiu'j have been made in
vain. Our forheaianee has gone to vuch nn extreme as to
be mistaken in its character. Had we acted with Mgorvn
repelling the insult* aud redressing the uijuues inflicted bj
Mexico at the commeiu ement, we should doubtle&h have
escaped all the difficulties in which we are now involved.
Instead of this, however, we have been exerting oui last
effoits to piopiUute her good will. Upon Hie pretext that
Texas, a nation a-  indep< ndt-nt as herself, thougut proper to
unite its destinies witn our ou n, she ha.- aliec ted to believe
that we have seveied her iigmful tenitoiy, and, m otheial
pioelamations and maniiestoe.-, ha* lepuati illy thieatened to
make war upon us, tor the pui pose of iveon.juenng Tcxa-.
In Ihe meantune, we have tried cvei) clhut at u concilia-
tion. The cup ol foibeaianec h.ul been exhausted, even lie-
fore the lecent information fiom thcirontiei ot the Del Norte.
Hut now, after reiterated menaces, Me\i<o has passed the
boundary of the United ►Suites, has inxaded out ten ito y,aud
shed American blood upon the American toil. She hu-* pio-
cltumed that hostilities have eouuacnced, and that tlie two
nations aie now at war.
As warixi.it.s,aud, notwithstanding all our e fib it.- to avoid
it, exists by tiie aet ot Mexico heivcll, v\v are tilled upon,
by ever.v consideration <>1 duty anil p;ituoti-m, t<> vmdn ate,
with duciMon, the honoi, the light-, and the nit'*icMs i t oui
country.
Anticipating the possibility of a cn>-is like that which lias
arrivtd, instiuctions weie given in August ki^t, "-as a p:e-
cautionary meiisure,'1 itjiimu-t mvfision, or threatened mxa- :
sion,authorizing Geneial Tayloi, it the enicryene} lcijuned, :
to accept volunteers, not fioin Texas only, hut fiom the
States of Louisiana, Alabama, Miwi^ippt, Tennessee, and
Kentucky; and corresponding lctteis wete addressed to tiie
lespeenve Governors of those States. These inductions
were repeated; and m January last, soon aftertne incorpo-
ration of "Texas into our uniou of Stateii," General Taylor
Wib fuither "authorized by the President to make a re<iui-
ksition upon the cxeeutiveofUiatSiate for such ot its militia
4 iimc a-s may be needed to repel invasion oi to secure tiie
'country against apprehended invasion." On the *2d day of
March, ho \\ as again reminded, " m the event of the ap-
' prouch of any coiwdeiable Mexican force, promptly aud
* eiheieutly to use the authority with which he wa-clothed to
'call to him such auviluuy foiee as he might need." War
actually existing, aud our tenitoiy having been invaded,
Geneial Tayhu, pursuant to uuthonty voted in bun by my
dm etion, ha* called on the Goveiiioi of Texas lor four legi-
ments of State troops—two tt> bo mounted, and two to serve
on toot; and on the Governor of Louisiana for font" regi-
ment* ot infantry, to be sent to him a^«oon as practicable.
In fuithei vindication of our lights and d. fence ot our
terntory, I invoke the prompt actum of Congress to recog-
nise the existence ot the War, and to place at the disposition
of the Executive the mearib ot" prosecuting the w:ir with
vigor, and thus hastening the restoiation of peace. To tins
end I recommend that autliouty should be given to call mto
the public service it Inrgt; body of volunteers, to serve foi not
less tium six or twelve months unless .sooner discharged. A
volunteer foice is, beyond i|Ue«>tion, nunc efficient than any
other description <if citizen t-oldieis; and it id not to be
doubted that a number far bejond that required would lead-
■ ijv nish to the field upon the call of then country. I fmiiier
! recommend that a lilieial provi-iou be made tbr sustaining
| our entire mihtaiy for«-c? arid luriushmg itxvith supplies and
, munitions of war.
i The most cuergenc aud prompt mejtsures, and the imme-
j diate app< iirunee in arms; of a larg  and overpowciing force,
1 are icconimended to ("onare.ss a^ the mo-'t certain and efii
I cient means of bnngiug the existing collision with Mexico
I to a speedy and suet essful tenoinauon.
| In making these recommendations, f doom it proper to
! declare that it is my anxious desire not only to terminate
! hostilities speedily, hut to bring all matters m dispute be-
' tween this Government and Mexico to an early and arnica-
{ ble adjustment; and, m this view, T shall be prepared tore-
! n(Jw negotiations, whenever Mexico shall be ready toreccive
i propositions, or to make propositions of her own.
{ 1 transmit herewith a copy of the correspondence between
I our Envoy to Mexico and the Mexican Minister for Foreign
i Aftans; and so much of the correspondence between that
i £„vov and the Secretary of State, and between the Secre-
i ury of War and the General m command on the Dei Norte,
i as are necessary to a full understanding of the subject,
j # JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, May 11M, 1846,
Mr. DA.Y1S called for a reading of the documents
accompanying the message.
Mr. SPEIGHT hoped that the Senator would
not press his call, as he understood that the docu-
ments were very voluminous, and the reading
would occupy two or three hours. They would
be printed with all possible expedition; and lie
(Mr. S.) moved that an extra number of copies—
twenty thousand—be printed.
Mr. DAVIS did not press his call.
Mr. CALHOUN then rose, and said: The ques-
tion now submitted to us is one of the gravest char-
acter, and the importance of the consequences
which may result from it we cannot now deter-
mine. I do hope that this body will give to it that
high, full, and dispassionate consideration which
is worthy the character of the body and the high
constitutional functions which it is called on to
exercise. I trust that we will weigh everything
calmly and deliberately, and do all that the Consti-
tution, interests, and honor of the country may
require. I hope that in the present state of the
question nothing further will be done than is usual
—that is, to pnnt the document for the use of the
Senate, and after we have had the subject under
consideration, it will be time enough to determine
the number of copies to be printed. I say this be-
cause no man can make up his opinion from the
mere reading of the message, and the printing of
an extra number may seem to be a committal of
this body in favor of all which is contained in the
message. It is eminently proper that, in this case,
the deliberate sense of the body should be ex-
pressed. It is always understood that printing a
lar^e mimherof documents is an endorsement. At
all events, I think it would be undignified in the
Senate to print on this occasionmore than the usual
number.
Mr. SPEIGHT said, i rise to respond to every
sentence—every word—which has been uttered by
the honorable Senator from South Carolina. My
motive in moving to print an extra number of
copies of the message and accompanying docu-
ments was the suggestion of Senators around me.
I had supposed that the country would be anxious
to read those documents, and 1 cannot see why the
printing of it should be necessarily considered as
an endorsement of that message. But I take oc-
casion to state here in my place that I endorse every
word of that message. I approve of it. The Pres-
ident has recommended what I am prepared to
carry out. It is useless to conceal the fact that he
has recommended no declaration of war. He only
asks Congress to place at his disposal a sufficient
military force to repel any invasion of the territory
of the United States, i apprehend that there is
not a single Senator who will not cordially respond
to that portion of the message; and I am confident
I only do justice to the Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Calhoun,] when I say that none will
more cordially respond to it than himself. If I ap-
prehended that my motion was at all inconsistent
with the dignity of the Senate, I need not say that
I would at once withdraw it. Far be it from me
to entertain any desire to precipitate the action of
the body in this important atiair. But the docu*
ment will appear in the newspapers, and there will
be a general anxiety in the country to read it; and
1 cannot see the impropriety of printing such a
number of extra copies as will ensure the most ex-
tended circulation of the message. It is an im-
portant document, and we seem to have approached
an important crisis, and I agree with the Senator
that we should meet it firmly, calmly, and with
deliberation. For my part, I am prepared so to
meet the crisis.
Mr. ALLEN said: It is usual, I believe, when
a very important communication is made to the
two Houses of Congress by the Executive, if it
and the accompanying documents be so volumi-
nous as not to find admission into the public news-
papers of the country, for the Congress of the
United States to meet the natural demand of the
country, to print an extra number of such a com-
munication with the accompanying documents.
INTo man will question for an instant the transcen-
dent importance of the case communicated to the
Senate to-day. No man will doubt that that mat-
ter, as contained in the papers on the table, is too
voluminous to obtain publication in the newspaper
press of the country. No man can doubt the ri£ht
of the American people to indulge that wholesome
curiosity which induces them to look for the pub-
hcation of such documents. These are facts about
