784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11.
which there can be no dispute; and if ever there
was a case in which it becomes important to give
an extended circulation to a great public fact, this
is that case. What is it? The honorable Senator
has told us that the President recommends no dec-
laration of war; but he did not tell us what the
President has told us, which is the far more impor-
tant fact, that war actually exists, and he asks the
Congress of the United States to acknowledge that
fact by such a public act as shall nationalize the
troops, and put the United States in that relation
to the nations of the world which she has a right
to assume, as growing out of a state of war. Sir,
it has been said that time for deliberation is neces-
sary; but the time of deliberation should be meas-
ured by the crisis presented by the state of facts
upon which that deliberation is to be had; and
what is the crisis here! The crisis is existing war.
The deliberation can tend to no point, if it have a
useful object, except the great point of the defence
of the country against invasion. And as for the
suggestion thrown out that the arm of the Govern-
ment should be limited to its own soil—that we
should be required to fight over one square of the
board, while Mexico fights over the whole board
—seems to me to involve a most suicidal policy.
How can this war be brought to a successful issue'
How can any peimauent peace be expected to re-
sult at all from this conlhct with Mexico, unless
she is given distinctly to understand that when she
makes war upon the United States she incurs all
the. penalties which the condition of war inflicts
upon nations ? But I am sensible that this is di-
gressive. I desire that these documents may be
printed in large numbers, for the reasons that 1
have given; and for the sake of testing the sense
of the Senate, I ask the yeas and nays.
Air. SEVIKR. I undcistand that the motion to
refer the message and print has been carried.
The 1JRESIL>ENT. The motion has not yet
been put.
Mr. SEVIER moved that that motion be first
put.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON then rose and said: I
hope the message will not be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, but to the appropriate
committee—that oil Military Affairs. The very
object of the message is to procure munitions of
war. It seems, therefore, eminently proper that
the subject should go to the Military Committee,
and not to the Committee on Foreign Relations. I
cannot perceive any propriety m the reference to
the latter committee.
Mr. CALHOUN. I have effected my object in
pait—the object which I had in view in offering the
fewfobservations which I addressed to the Senate.
My object was to show that there should be no
haste on this subject, and that it should not be in-
feried, from the. printing of a large number of the
message, that there was any special endorsement
of it on the part of the Senate. I am informed
that that is not intended, and therefore I am per-
fectly indifferent as to what disposition may be
made of the motion to print an extra number of
copies.
Whilst I am up, I take occasion to say, that I
agree with the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,]
that the President has announced that there is war;
but according to my interpretation, tln-ie is no
war according to the sense of our Constitution. I
distinguish between hostilities and war, and God
forbid that, acting under the Constitution, we
should ever confound one with the other. There
may be invasion without war, and the President
is authorized to repel invasion without war. But
it. is our saeied duty to make war, and it is for -its
to determine whether war shall be declared or not.
If we have declared war, a state of war exists, and
not till then. It was in this aspect of the question
that I regarded it as one of great magnitude, and
deprecated any precipitate action on the part of the
Senate. There is a certain decorum which belongs
to us, and which should always characterize our
conduct. There is a certain forbearance, dignity,
and calmness, which will make war not the less ef-
fective if it should be our fate to be involved in war.
I hope that I shall never indicate, on my part, the
earnestness with which I go into any measure by
a precipitate course of action. I am prepared to
do all that the Constitution, and patriotism, and
the honor of my country, may require. But I
wish time to consider on all points, and desire that
our whole action may be marked by dignity.
Mr. SEVIER then said: It is not my purpose
to raise a discussion on this question of reference.
Nothing is further from my design. I moved such
a reference of the Message as, on consultation of
precedents, I deemed proper. The natural and
proper reference appeared to be the Committee on
Foreign Relations. The Senator talks of calmness,
and the necessity of deliberation and dignified
action. Assuredly our course has been of that
character. Is there any breach of decorum—is
there any want of dignity, in referring this Mes-
sage to an appropriate committee.
Mr. CALHOUN. Will the Senator permit me
to say that I had not. 4the slightest reference to the
motion made by him to refer the Message ?
Mr. SEVIER resumed. My motion was to re-
fer the Message to the committee to which are
ordinarily referred matters of this sort. If the
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] has not
the same confidence in that committee which I en-
tertain , that is not any reason against that reference.
I would ask the Senator from Mississippi to with-
draw his motion, and I would then move that the
question be taken on the reference; and on that I
ask the yeas and nnys.
Mr. MOREHEAD said: I regret that I cannot
concur with my friend from Delaware in his sug-
gestion as to the proper direction which this docu-
ment should take. X think that in the first instance
the reference should be made to the Committee on
Foreign Relations; and I do so because I concur
with the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cal-
houn-,] that before war does exist, according to the
Constitution of the United States, there must be
some action on the part of Congress. Thus far,
if war does now exist—if the people of the United
States now find themselves in a state of war with
Mexico, it is a war which has not been brought
about or declared by the legislative department of
the United States, to which constitutionally the
power of declaring war belongs. It does, there-
fore, seem to mo that before we can occupy a pro-
per position in the estimation of the nations of the
world'—(whose opinion on subjects of this sort, I
think, we dare not disregard, at all events it is our
duty to pay respect to it)—before we assume a
hostile position, which in all probability it will be
our duty to assume—this subject ought to be re-
ferred to that committee which in all cases Of this
sort has charge of these subjects; that this ought
to be done before the Congress of the United States
shall recognise the existence of war, and perform
that part assigned to them by the Constitution. It
is with that view, and with regret, that I cannot
concur with the Senator from Delaware, and I
hope that the subject will take the usual direc-
tion .
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON. It is perfectly clear to
my mind that this Message should go to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and not to that on For-
eign Relations. The President has announced to
the Senate of the United States that there is war—
that war does exist between this country and Mex-
ico, and he calls upon us for millions of money to
aid him in carrying on that war; he pronounces it
necessary, and demands of us the needful supplies,
lie also asks for tens of thousands of volunteers.
Now 1 am quite willing—although I do not take
upon myself any portion of the responsibility of
this war—that devolves upon the President, and
upon him alone, with those who have brought it
about—but I say I am quite ready to fight it out.
I will not undertake to decide, in the first instance,
whether it was right or not; but I go for the sol-
diers and the millions at. once, to support the honor
of the country and the army. The Committee on
Foreign Relations can decido at then leisure any
grave questions touching the constitutionality of
this war. We shall have all that undoubtedly m
debate hero from day to day; but the first duty of
the Senate, in my judgment, is to vote the sup-
plies. Well, what has the Committee on Foreign
Relations to do with that? What does it know
about the manner of furnishing these supplies?
That is the appropriate duty of the Committee on
Military Affairs. I would say to my friend from
South Carolina—if he will allow me to call him
my friend—that I entertain opinions perhaps close-
ly allied to his own on this general subject. I
do not mean to express any opinion as to the
sending of troops to the Rio Grande, by voting for
the supplies. The President has announced the ex-
istence of war. What is the first duty of Con-
gress' I hold that its first duty is to vote the sup-
plies; to lose no timp in defending the country.
The other questions involved will have to be set-
tled between us and the people of the United States,
and the Executive. On these questions all due
deliberation should be observed, but the action
with regard to the supplies should be prompt and
immediate.
Mr. ARCHER. I am a sjood deal astonished
that the clear mind of my friend from Delaware
should have failed to make the distinction between
a state of war, properly so called, and the state in
which we are now placed. He and several other
Senators have assumed that we are in a state of war.
I say that we are not. When, some years ago,
a vessel belonging to citizens of the United States
(the " Caroline") was forcibly captured by an
English force, did that constitute a case of war
between Great Britain and the United States? I
say that the President does not affirm that we are
in a state of war. He cannot affirm it; for if he
did, he would affirm that which, in a legal and
constitutional acceptation, could not be true. If
true, what would be the result? The officers and
men on the Rio Grande might involve the country
in war at their pleasure.
Mr. SEVIER here referred the Senator to the
terms of the declaration of war in 1819, and pro-
posed that the Secretary should read an extract
from it; but the offer was declined,1 and
Mr. ARCHER proceeded. It has been stated,
on the highest authority that the President of the
United States cannot declare war; The interven-
tion of Congress is absolutely indispensable to con-
stitute war. What is the import of the message
received this morning? A certain state of facts has
reached the President, which has rendered it neces-
sary for him, in the discharge of his duty, to in-
form Congress of the necessity of inquiring what
action of Congress may be necessary, and whether
there shall or shall not be war on the part of the
United States. Docs the existence of hostilities
on one of the frontiers of the United States neces-
sarily put us in a state of war with any foreign
Power? Clearly not. Suppose we have misun-
derstood the state of things on the Rio Grande, and
that the Mexican authorities have acted justifiably
under the circumstances: the danger of admitting
the doctrine that a state of war can exist except
by the constitutional action of the Government of
the United States will then be evident. There
can be no question about that. There can be
no war till the ascertained facts be submitted to
the Congress of the United States, to be pro-
nounced upon by them, and till they authorize
war. That is the question. In the necessity of
preparations, all the members of the Senate and
all the citizens of the country, I am sure, fully con-
cur, and,no time need be lost. The Committee
on Foreign Relations can make their report to-
morrow. They are not required to pass upon the
nature or amount of military preparation. Not at
all. That belongs to the Committee on Military
Affairs. The piovinces of these committees are
essentially distinct. It is the duty of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations to examine into the state
of the facts communicated by the President, and
to say whether it is proper that this Government
should put itself into a condition of war or not.
Then the resulting office of the Committees on
Naval and Military Affairs will be to,ascertain
what naval and military preparations may be requi-
site. I hope, therefore, that the course pursued
on all other occasions will be followed on the pres-
ent; that the Message of the President will go,
first, to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
that then, on its report, the Naval and Military
Committees will take the proper action.
Mr. BENTON said: I apprehend that'there are
two very distinct questions presented to the con-
sideration of the Senate in the message of the Pres-
ident. He announces the fact of the invasion of
the territory of the United States, that's one thing.
He then proposes to Congress to carry on war
against Mexico on a scale commensurate with the
exigency of the occasion, in order to bring it to an
immediate close. These are two distinct subjects;
and on these two subjects a different form of action
is, I think, required. It is not merely the consti-
tutional authority, but the duty of the President to
repel invasion at once, and by all the meanS'which
the law has put into his hands. He has a- regular
army and navy for that purpose. The act of Con-
gress of 1795 authorized him to call out the militia
from the neighboring States for tliat purpose; but
their scrvice is limited to a period of three months;
