THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES,
New Series....No. 50.
29th Congress,, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 1846.
and as often as emergencies of this kind have oc-
currea, it has been deemed proper, both for the
purpose of getting troops more promptly into ac-
tion, and also such as could be retained in the ser-
vice for a longer period—it has, I say, been usual
tor Qbngress on all such occasions, when in ses-
sion, and when' not in session, it has been usual
for the President to call for volunteers. And on
this occasion this course has been followed. A call
for volunteers has been authorized in conformity
to the practice which we have always followed.
The act of 1795 authorized the practice of resort to
volunteers; and on this occasion the officer in com-
mand on the Rio Grande has called for volunteers.
The first thing we'have to do is, to give the Presi-
dent money to pay these volunteers, and more if
necessary; and in giving him money to pay them,
authorizing the call made for them. In this view of
it the subject is a military one, and proper for the
action of the Military Committee. They are to say
whether eight thousand men, or double that num-
ber, are necessary; and the Committee on Finance
is to report what money may be necessary. Thus
far the question is military. But after that it is a
question which concerns the foreign relations of the
country, and should, consequently, go to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. If the first measures
be adopted—and on that I suppose'there can be no
difference of opinion—there will be time to consider
the other part.of the subject; and it is obvious that
it would be very inexpedient to delay the former
till after the consideration of the latter. It might
be very detrimental to the public interest to do
nothing till the questions connected with our for-
eign relations were settled. If, then, as is frequent-
ly done, one portion of the message wero referred to
the Military Committee, and the other to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, the whole matter
would be at once settled. 1 would make that mo-
tion, if the Senate think my view proper, that so
much of the President's message us relates to re-
pelling invasion of the territory of the United
States, be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and so much as relates to our foreign rela-
tions, be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. ALLEN. The remarks of the Senator from
Missouri, and his suggestion relative to the dispo-
sition of the two distinct portions of the message,
strike me as very proper, and I readily concur.
The-appropriations for the defence of the country
rfeed not be delayed by being connected witli other
questions growing Out of the'same state of facts.
Mr. SEVIER. If the Senator will allow me, I
will accept of his motion as a modification of mine.
The question was then about to be put; when
Mr: CASS rose and said: I have but a few words
to say. The message is evidently intended to lie a
species of manifesto—a statement of the difficulties
between this country and Mexico, very similar in
principle to the message sent .to Congress by Mr.
Madison in 1812. It is an expose of our grievances
with that Government, to go before the American
people and the world. I agree that the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Benton] has put it in its prop-
er bearing. I desired to say that I feel very much
s-ratified at hearing the declaration which fell from
the lips of the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clay-
ton 1 He has spoken like an American Senator
and an American patriot. He is ready to meet the
exigency in which he finds the country placed. 1 he
eround he takes is fair for a party man. He goes
for the country first, and then intends to ask who
tiroua-ht the country into this position. I Hat is a
verv fair course. I have no objection to the course
which the Senator has thus marked out for himself.
Let us go for the country first—let us make all
requisite preparation. When we have done that I
am perfectly prepared to enter into a full considei-
adon of who is right, or who is wrong. I agree
Z th the Senator from Mississippi m Ins expression
of concurrence with every word of the message. So
far as one vote and one voice will carry the Ad min-
istration through, mine will be cheerfully given.
And I must be allowed to say further, (and I use
Jhe woril in its best sense,) I repel the construc-
tion put upon it bv the honorable Senatoi from
50
South Carolina. One nation can create a state of |
war—it requires two nations to make a peace. Sup- j
pose the other nation declares war—suppose Mex- ]
ico declares war, are you at peace ? Whatan absurd
doctrine is that! I know of no intermediate state ,
between peace and war. Are you at peace with
Mexico? Are we at this moment at peace with
Mexico? No. It is a state of war. Every gen- 1
tleman here knows that there have been a "dozen ;(
wars in Europe without any declaration of war on
either side. The. war of 1755 was such a war. So ,,
was the war of 1804. Can it ho said that our troops
may chase the Mexicans over the boundary, rind then ;;
take off their hats and say, "Goodbye, gentlemen, ij
until you come back, when we shall be ready for j;
you again?" The honorable gentleman from South
Carolina says we are in a state of hostility, but not jj
in a state of war. Now I am not going to dispute I,
about words, but I deny the doctrine advanced by j;
him intoto. What is the difference between hos- !•
tility and war? Suppose Mexico issued orders to h
privateers to-morrow, are you to wait for a declara- !
tionof war* If an invader approaches, ean you not ;
drive him off? Are we not now in that state of hos- , \
tility which leads to the legitimate consequence of j;
war? I, for one, wisli to be distinctly understood, >;
that whether war be declared or not, we are now m ;'
a position in which all the legitimate rights and con- j.
sequences of war exist. We are placed in a solemn ;
position. This is a most important ohms. Rut if |
we advance toonr duty with firmness, promptitude, :
and decision, our course is plum and honorable be- ,:
fore the world. If we do not net in that spirit—if ;;
we make half war and half peace—if we say to i'
Mexico, " Advance, and we'll fs^ht you; if not, we \<
will remain quiet," wo will dishonor ourselves for- j
ever in the eyes of mankind. What have we to
gain by such conduct r The advantage is altogether |
on the side of M exiro. She keeps up an arm y, and i
can invade us when she pleases. There is but one ,
course for us to take. Push an expedition into
Mexico, till we compel her to make peuee—not to y
hold the country; but compel her to make such a |,
peace as we have a right to demand.
Mr. CALHOUN again rose and said: I entirely
concur in the separation of the message in respect
to its reference. Now I hope that there will not be
the slightest difference of opinion, but the utmost
unanimity and promptitude of action in repelling
invasion. One part of my object was to bring
about this state of things. Every one must have
felt the awkwardness of blending the two subjects
contained in the message together—the solemnity i
of the one requiring deliberation, the urgency of |
the other demanding promptitude of action. Both j
subjects are now properly disposed of, and there ;
will be ample time hereafter to discuss the various '
points connected with the one, whilst the other
will not be subjected to any improper or danger- ,
ous delay. The Senator from Michigan [Mr. j
Cass) repelled no observation of mine. Ilis re-i
marks had not the slightest reference to anything i
I said. I said, in the sense of the Constitution war j
could be declared only by Congress; that it was |
only through the exercise of Ihc authority of Con-
gress that that state of things called war" could
be announced to the country and the world. There
is no question between him and myself. The
question is between him and the Constitution. It
would be a great abuse of language, then, in a con-
stitutional sense, to say we are at war with Mex-
ieo. It is, if we have got the true account, a state of
invasion—not even of hostilities between the United '
States and Mexico. It is a state of hostility between j
the two forces on the frontier. Now, whether we !
shall proceed and settle all oar accounts at once, is '
that grave question to which I alluded, and with
regard to which I said I agreed witli the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Allen*] in the expression of
opinion that it ought to be most carefully exam-
ined-, and that then we should, with the utmost de-
cision, proceed to discharge our duty.
Mr. ALLEN. I do not rise to continue this
debate, but simply to move that so much of the An-
I nual Message of the President as relates to Mexico
I be printed in connexion with the message and doc-
j uments communicated to the Senate this day.
Mr. MOREHEAD said: I have no earthly ob-
jection to the division of the message. I rise for
the purpose of saying one word in answer to what
has fallen from the Senator from Michigan; ana
before I come to the immediate point to which I
desire to call the attention of the Senate, I must be
permitted to express my surprise that the honor-
able gentleman [Mr. Cass] should tlunk it a sub-
ject of congratulation at all that any Senator should
express such sentiments as those which fell from
the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton.] The
gentleman from Michigan expressed his personal
gratification that any Senator should arise and avow
his purpose of standing by his country in such an
emergency. I trust that that sentiment is a com-
mon sentiment, entertained by every member of the
Senate of the United States. 1 trust that it is not
so singular as to be made properly the subject of
special remark. But with regard to the point as-
sumed by him, whether there is war now existing
between the United States and Mexico, I desire to
add one word. It is well known to us all that the
power to declare war belongs exclusively to the
Congress of the United States. The President of
the United States has no constitutional power to
invohe the nation in war. But if war does exist
at this time between the United States and Mexico,
it may follow that the President, of the United States
may "involve the country in war without the assent
of the legislative department of the Government. I
can very well conceive a case—and I trust that the
allusion I am about to make will not be regarded
as having any reference to the present circumstan-
ces—1 can very well conceive a case, in which the
army of the United States might be directed to as-
sume a position in the territory of Mexico.—such a
hostile position—as to demand from the Mexican
Government that she should repel such an invasion
of her teiritnry—an invasion made by the Presi-
dent of the United States. Suppose she did repel
such invasion, and hostilities arose between this
Government and tlmtof Mexico, would that be war
according to the Constitution of the United States?
Now, 1 hold that it is competent alone for Congress
to declare when war does exist between this Gov-
ernment and any other nation. In this view of the
ease, I do not think that there does exist, at this
moment, war between the two nations, in the con-
stitutional sense; and I think that there is a very
essential difference between the existence of hostil-
ities, as such, and actual war. There was a period
in the history of the Government, which it occurs
to me to point out, when that distinction was prac-
tically carried out. It was a period in the history
, of the Government when hostile relations subsisted
between the French Republic and ours. There
were aggressions committed upon the high seas
' upon our commerce. We complained of that to
the French Government. There were claims which
the French Government had against, ns, and which
that Government insisted were not fulfilled, and
made a formal complaint to our Government to that
effect. Step after step in the controversy led us at
last to hostile relations, and the Congress of the
United States adopted various measures indicating
the existence of hostilities; but there was no war
declared, and no war actually existed between the
two Governments, although there was a very ex-
tensive scries of hostile indications on the ocean,
| and hostile action on the part of one Government
' towards the other; yet not amounting, as I under-
1 stand, to actual war, as intended by the Constitu-
tion It was, however, a state of hostility, which
< made it necessary for the Congress of the United
; States to adopt various measures authorizing the
I Executive to repel aggression on the part of France.
' I will not detain the Senate. I hope the distinction
will be seen clearly enough, and that the Senate
will insist on the recognition of that distinction;
and, in conclusion, I hope that portion of the mes-
! sage relating to the foreign relations of the Govern-
; ment will be referred to the Committee on Foreign
| Relations.
! Mr. CASS replied. I am surprised that any
1 gentleman should for a moment suppose that I
j. made any improper or unkind allusion in expres-
!, sing my satisfaction with the patriotic sentiments
