78 8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
willing to give the people every opportunity of
judging, by contrasting our piesent with tluit old
tine of policy that had received the sanction of,
Presidents gone before us. From the first strug- '
gle for liberty in South America and Mexico, it .
was the cherished policy of this country to extend
to them sympathy, comfort, and friendship, lhis j
country had regarded their rising as an imitation !
of our example—as a new creation oi republics,
united by a strong affinity, and warm sympathy. :
They were regarded as a poition of that great sys-
tem of republics which were to stand forth in .
proud contrast with the Governments of the Old
World. That was the kind and generous view ,
taken. As the head of the republican system, our
policy was to cheer and cherish them, and lend !
them in the way to that liberty we had established, ;
and of which wc hail set the example. Now we J
found ourselves the first to enter into a state of war '
with one of those republics—the greatest of them,
and our nearest neighbor. "We find ourselves in
a suite of war when it was our interest to cherish 1
them, and cultivate their friendship. We, that ;
should naturally be looked up to as the protector 1
of all these republics—exercising 110 dominion
over them, but constituting as it were a great pro-
tectorate over the whole. These generous dispo-
sitions were all vanished and brought to an end,
and war and bloodshed had taken their place. It
was not in the amount of precious blood that had
been shed that consisted the importance of that
event. No; it was the great political consequences
—the bad example—the evil consequences to lib-
erty and republicanism in everyplace. The hand
of one republic stretched out in Hostility against
another! And he deprecated it the more, when
he reflected that one was feeble and impotent; that
anarchy and revolution had consumed her strength,
and requiring the iorce of our example and aid to
sustain her and prevent her falling back again, in
her trouble, into the hands of despots, and that
monarchical system from which wc saw her, with
pleasure, arise. These were the first impressions
made upon him by the announcement of that
message. But, however, all that was to be dep-
recated, the country was in a state of hostility,
and there was but one course to pursue. Its de-
fence was a duty about which they were not to
hesitate or pause. Cut when that was done, it
was also their duty to scrutinize thatextraordirmry
state of things—the acts of the Executive—and
the whole course of events that have lead to these
disasters—so that we may find out who is in fault.
lie would be very glad if his friend, the Senator
from Arkansas, [Mr. Sevier,! should be able to
work out a satisfactory defence of all that had been
done. He hoped to find his country in the right.
However, he would stand by her, right or wrong.
The course that had been pursued was not that ,
generous and forbearing policy that ought to be ;
exercised by a powerful and great republic. That i
was what he thought. He saw no reason for push-
ing the army up to the hanks of the Rio Grande,
and establishing and fortifying our camp in a peace-
ful country. But that is not a war: it was on our
own soil! Let them, for a moment, extend the
principle. Let them, for a moment, consider what
our coursc would be under like circumstance#.
Suppose a British army were marched right up to 1
our boundary while angry negotiations were going j
on, and cannons were pointed into one of our cities. ,
Was there, he would ask, a man in this nation <
who would not consider it a national insult, and ,
not expect it to produce war in all its horrors? Pmt
he would not prolong his remarks; there would be
still time to take up the matter. At present it
might not be cntirelyjust to enter into the subject.
He would therefore submit, and wait for a proper
time. American blood had been shed, and, it had
been said, on American soil, it was too true blood
had been shed, and there was no gentleman more
willing to hold to a strict account the authors
of that act, be it the fault of Mexico or of our own
officers, whether of the Government or of the army.
Who was responsible for the hostilities that had
been announced? Who was answerable for that
American blood that had been shed ? That was
the question. Whoever they were, they were to
be held to a strict account. The blood of the brave
was not to be shed wantonly. As to its being shed
on American soil, on the border of the Rio Grande,
he was not prepared to say that we couid so safely
assume that as a fact. When Texas was admitted
a State of this Union, the resolution passed in this
would not wish, like some on the other side, to
endorse all that had been said and done in the mes-
sage of the President on the subject. The time
would come when the inquiry would be suitable
and proper—after taking steps for the defence of
the country—what had lea to this state of things,
and who were responsible for it? When that time
came, he (Mr. H.) would express his views in re-
lation to it. He now wished to ask the Senator*
from Michigan a question. It appeared from the
message of the President that a communication was
made to our consul in Mexico by that Government
in reply to one from him, expressing the readiness
of the Mexican Government to receive a commis-
sion from this Government to settle all disputed
matters between them. The answer of the Mexi-
can Secretary of State had been read, in which he
expresses the willingness of that Government to
receive an " ambassador" to settle the dispute; but
whether that refers to all disputes was uncertain-,
but could be known* perhaps, bya close examina-
tion of the letter. He wished to know whether
the answer of the Mexican Secretary assented to-
the reception of a minister for the settlement of all
dispute^, or some particular one. As the Senator
from Michigan was well acquainted with the sub-
ject, he thought he could answer the question.
The letter of the American consul to the Mexican
Government was here read.
The PRESIDENT then proceeded to pot the
question on the motion of Mr. Speight; when
Mr. ALLEN withdrew his call for the yeas and
nays; and the question was taken, and the motion
agreed to.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House had
passed sundry bills, &c.]
CANAL ACROSS THE ISTHMUS OF PANAMA.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a com-
munication from the Department of State, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, certain information in relation to the con-
struction of a ahip-canai across the Isthmus of Pan-
ama; which was read, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr, ARCHER presented'the petition of the ex-
ecutors of Robert Porterfield, praying to be allowed
bounty land; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.'
Mr. EVANS presented the memorial-of Gibson,
Sons, &, Co., Gabriel Mead & Co., and Tooker,
Mead, & Co., praying the reimbursement of cer-
tain duties alleged to have been illegally exacted;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BREliSE presented a petition of a number
of ship-owners and masters of vessels navigating
the lakes, praying that Chicago may not be made
a port of entry; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAGBY presented the petition of Thomas
P. Jones, praying remuneration for services and
expenses incurred while a member of a board of
examiners appointed to experiment on steam-boil-
ers; which was referred to the Committee of Claims,
RESOLUTION.
Mr. EVANS submitted the following resolution,
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of provi-
ding by law that any articles, the growth, produc-
tion, or manufacture of the adjoining British prov-
inces, or brought into the United States therefrom,
on which duties may have been paid or secured,
may be exported from any port in the United
States for the benefit of drawback of the said duties
under such regulations as may be proper for the
.security of revenue.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the act to authorize
the President of the United States to increase the
rank and file of the army of the United States
whensoever in his judgment the exigencies of the
country shall require it, reported the same back to
the Senate with amendments, and moved its imme-
diate consideration; which motion v/as agreed to.-
[The amendments provide for the increase of the
body was cautiously worded and framed in gen-
erol'teims, with the knowledge of every man then
here, and the most of them now here; and this
Government then hesitated to say what was then
the boundary between Mexico and the province of
Texas. And if I am not mistaken, there were
few of those who are here now who then thought
the boundary of Texas extended to the Rio
Grande. I am willing now that we should act. I
am willing to do anything the exigency of the case
demands for the defence'of the country: and that
done, I think it will be our duty, as speedily as pos-
sible, to settle our differences. We arc so much
mightier than they are that our condescension will
be noble. Who could (he would ask) render a
greater service to this country than by restoring
that peace and harmony that ought still to exist?
It would be worthy of a special mission; and he
(Mr. C.) would, if he had the direction of it, un-
dertake to settle all differences. It would be worthy
of a great embassy. He would take Iienry Clay, !
Martin Van Burcn, the Senators from South Caro- j
lina and Missouri, one, two, three, or all of them, j
and settle it. Did they not think they would make j
peace?—a just and honorable peace?—one on fair j
terms, and that would reconcile those two great '
nations? In (hemeantime we are called upon for j
the defence of our country. That was to be done i
first; but as soon as wc can, and between every ;
blow we strike, we were to remember it fell on
the head of a neighbor—every wound we inflicted
was on another republican—a man we could make
our friend. Such a mission was worthy of the
highest talent in the land. We-had surrounded
the Mexicans with fiery insults, as they conceived.
All that could occur to wound national pride had
occurred. It required healing measures to remedy
that. He threw out these remarks as those ex-
pressive of the feelings that grew out of the first
blush of the subject. They should all agree about
the defence of the country, and he hoped it would
be so as to the means of pacification to be used.
Mr. SEVIER obseived that Americans were
certainly a very unfortunate people. He never
knew them to be right in the whole course of his
life. They were wrong, five years ago, in tjio case
of France ; wrong, lately, with Great Britain ;
wrong in the Black Hawk war; wrong with the
Creeks; and now, wrong again with Mexico. He
had hoped to sec his country right once in his life,
but he was to be disappointed. This country had
endured more from Mexico than any civilized
Power ever stood from another. This country
had roared her up, fostered her, protected her, as
it had the republics of South America. Was she
a republic to-day? How long had she been a
republic ? Plow long since she had an emperor
on her throne? With every disposition to be len-
ient, there was a limit to insult from one country
to another. Mexico made war upon the United
States when they were endeavoring, long before
ciossing the Nueces, to negotiate. Troops were
not placcd there till all attempts to negotiate had
failed. He asserted that in taking up his position,
under the unlimited authority placed on him, Gen-
eral Taylor did right. He understood that the spot
was selected in consequence of a written paper
from General Scott.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That does not alter the ;
fact, or justify the Administration.
Mr. SEVIER resumed. He admitted this was
no defence of the Administration. He would con-
demn neither him nor the Government, nor make
it a question whether he was on American soil or
not. That question would come up hereafter. Pie
hoped the policy of the Government would not be
condemned in advance; and if wc could not be
right entirely, he hoped we should come pretty
near it once in his life.
He briefly explained the reasons which induced
the majority to accept a modified proposition con-
cerning the Texian boundary when the question of
annexation was under consideration.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he did not desire to
protract the debate, but wished to make an inquiry
of the Senator from Michigan. Before doing so,
he would utter one or two remarks. He thought
the suggestion of the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Denton] was a proper disposition of the message, ., . . _
and m accordance with usage and propriety, and ! number of men in each company to one hundred,
would receive his entire concurrence. He would instead of eighty-three, as proposed in the bill as
be as ready as any member of the body to do all !; it passed the House of Representatives. Also
that was necessary for the defence of the interests \ \ making the period of enlistment three, Instead of
and honor of the country. But in doing so, he i! five years.] - ~ " *
