792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May II,
Mr. ROBERTS wished to give noticc of' an
amendment, but it was not received or read at this
time.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF stiid it would bo seen by
the committee that the bill, as it now stood, provi-
ded generally for nothing more than operations
strictly defensive. It docs not (said he) in any
part of it recognise the existence of war with a
foreign Government, 1101 piovide for the prosecu-
tion of a war further than on the occurrence of cer-
tain contingencies alluded to in the tirst and third
sections, and that on the principle of operations
strictly defensive.
Now, the committee will remember, in the mes-
r-Hge of the President of the United States, read in
the hearing of the House this morning, there is
contained a distinct recommendation that the
House, on its part, not only furnish him with the
means of prosecuting a war against Mexico, hut
also make a distinct recognition of the existence of
a state of war. My amendment, sir, is proposed
to supply that deficiency in this bill, inasmuch as
it recognises the existence of a state of war, and
authorizes its prosecution.
Now, 1 can hardly conceive that any one should
be so short-sighted as to wish to confine the opera-
tions of this Government to defensive operations
alone. It will be expensive; it will be vexatious;
it will be disastrous; it will be long continued; it
will have no end; it will enable the enemy to choose
his point of attack; it will oblige us to covcr our
whole frontier. There will be no opportunity af-
forded the Executive, by all the means we furmsh
him, to conquer the enemy and conquer peace. It
will be a second edition of the Florida war, but far
worse m its results, because prosecuted against a
more powerful enemy.
Now, a state of war exists; hostilities have been
commcnced by the Mexican forces; the blood of
American soldiers has been shed; guns have been
fired; warlike operations arc progressing. For my-
self I hold it to be no part of my duty to inquire
how this war originated, nor wherefore; whether it
was the fault of any one here, or of any one con-
nected with this Government. It is enough for
me, as a man professing an ordinary share of patri-
otism and representing a patriotic constituency, to
know that it exists; and from this state of things,
to arrive at the conclusion (necessarily, it seems to
me) that our only course is to conquer peace by a j
vigorous prosecution of the war just commcnccd. !
If the war of 1812 taught any lesson to this or any (
other nation, it is the folly, the insanity of prose- '
curing a twopenny war. I am m favor of no such 1
war. 1 am in favor of prosecuting this war in such
a manner that our enemy shall be at once crush-
ed—such a war as should fully, instantly, at once :
bring them to our feet, and coiripe1 the conclusion ;
of an honorable peace—a permanent poaec. With .
this view, sir, I have offered this amendment, ro- 1
cognising, in accordance with the express recom- '
memlatiou of the Executive m this morning's mos- 1
sage, the existence of a wai, and authorizing him '
to prosecutc it by other measures, if necessary, 1
than those of stricly defensive character. j
1 will say, further, th.it tins amendment has been 1
offered sub^tjuiially as it was drawn up by the
honorable chairman of the committee, [the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs,] to which 1 have the
honor to belong. It is true that it has not been '
reported by the committee. At the time the com- J
mittee was in session we were to a great extent in '
ignorance of what would be the purport of the Ex-
ecutive message, and this amendment has been '
made to conform to the recommendations contain-
ed in that message.
Mr. B. remarking that he did not wish improper-
ly to occupy the time of the Flouse when others ;
were wishing to speak, and when so little time re- '
mained for debate; and having thus briefly, but, he ,
trusted, plainly, explained the object of the amend-
ment he had offered, resumed his scat.
Mr. BROCKENJBEtOUGH obtained the floor,
and gave notice of an amendment which he intend- j
ed to ofler as a substitute for the first four sections 'j
oi the bill, as follows: :]
" Whereas war has been declared and made upon the Uni- ;!
ted States by tiie Republic of Mcxico— | i
'*•_ea<u-Le'l f>y the Senate a ad of Jlepreieatafires ■ •
• w \e united Stales of Jlmcri<a ia Ojit«ies-> auemhted, That ■(
ail the respective countries, government^, ciu/etH, ami pjo- \
pie o£ the United Suites and Mexico arc m a state of war, ■'
ShL? ,eirj |,®f,P,Jctlve rights and duties with regard to each sj
iir^y.' neutral nations, are to be regulated accord- (j
Sec. 2. U Jurlha enacted) That the President of the
United States is authorized and requested to retaliate the
Mexican tnwwon, and to take possession and hold as much
of tliv* Mcxicun territory as maybe m his power, until peace
he concluded; and that he have authority to accept the ser-
vices of any number of volunteers not exceeding tifty thou-
sand, to serve as cavalry, artillery, oi riflemen, until the end
of the war, unless s-ooner discharged, and the said volun-
teers shall furnish their own clothes, and if cavalry, their
own horses; and when mustered into service,shall be ami- i
ed and equipped at the expense of the United States; and j
said volunteers shall, when in actual sevviee, be subject to j
the rules and articles of war, and in all respects, except !
clothing and pav, be placed on the same footing with similar j
corps of the United States army; and in hcu of clothing, j
non-commisMoned officers and private* "bull receive in mo- j
ney a sum of money equal to the eo<t of such clothing ofthe i
icgular troops of the United States." ' |
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON appealed to Mr. B. j
to allow him to gi\e noticeof an amendment, which, j
should the gentleman's amendment be rejected, he I
should offer. 1
Mr. B. yielding, the amendment was read, as j
follows:
'• Be if eihfdcd by the Senate rtiuf House of Rcjyrescnia-
tires of the United States of Jirncricn in Congress assembled,
That war be, and the same is hereby, declared to exist be-
tween the Republic of Mexico and the United State* of
Ameiica and thnr Teriitoiie*; and that the President of the
United States it. herein authorized to use the whole land
and naval force of the United States to carry the game into
effect."
Mr. BROCKENBROTJOH (resinning) said he
had no objection to the amendment of Mr. Thomp-
son as a substitute for the first section. He had
drawn the first section with a view to make it a
positive declaration and acknowledgment- of the
existence of war on the part of this Government.
! He deemed it absolutely necessary to come from
the Congress of the United States. This bill from
! the Committee on Military Affairs was reported
long since, and is deficient now, because the war
has been made. Ho agreed entirely with the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Drinkerhopf,] that war
should be dcclar«d and recognised by this Govern-
ment, and m most explicit and positive terms. And
not only that it should be declared, but if it was
intended to be carried on, that ample means should
be immediately provided, if we mean to avoid what
the Duke of Wellington had called the greatest of
evils—a small war by a great country. We must
declare war, and compel our enemy to render us
that justice which she has long refused. He said,
open wide the gates of war; let the Mexican nation
know, that not only is the Congress"of the United
States ready to sanction an invasion, but let Con-
gress authorize and require an invasion on the part
of the United States, in retaliation of the blood shed
on the banks ofthe Rio Grande.
(t was not his desire to occupy the time of the
House upon a subject on which other gentlemen
were belter prepared than himself. He had intro-
duced this amendment for the purpose of making
known and carrying out his views—that war should
bo actually declared, and an invasion required of
the Mexican territory by fifty thousand men.
There was another amendment which he deemed
essential; he wished provision to be made for ac-
cepting the services of volunteers to the end of the
war. He had seen too much of the evils of a lim-
ited and short term for receiving recruits in the
Florida war and elsewhere; of having men muster-
ed into the service and mustered out at the end of
three, six, or twelve months, when they had just
become qualified for service. Let them enter the
scrvice to remain until the end of the war, and then
wo should show not only the people of this coun-
try, but the people of Mexico, and the world, that
we are in earnest. Let us do something, and not
be perpetually backing, watching, and hoping for
some good result without putting our shoulders to
the wheel.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES said he agreed with the gen- :
tlcman from Georgia, and he supposed with every I
gentleman on this floor, that we should act vigor- i
ously. But, sir, (said he,) let this country beware j
that she puts herself in no false position before the i
nations of the erlobc. Sir, the whole point at issue !
now is this: While we are required to raise regi- \
ments, and do what is recommended by the Exec- j
utive, and while we should do it with vigor, shall I
we recognise the absolute existence of war, as pro- i
posed on the one part, or make a declaration of j
war, as proposed on the other? We have not the
information. I deny, as far as information has
been communicated to this House, that there has
been a declaration of war on the part of Mexico.
Have the powers of Mexico declared war? Has
the Government of Mexico, from their capital, an-
nounced hostilities? If they have, there is war,
and you need not respond but at the cannon's
mouth. But the point is this: We know nothing-
more than that the two armies have come into col-
lision within the disputed territory, and I deny that
war is absolutely,' necessarily, the result of it. Sup-
pose the Mexican Congress should not recognise
the conduct of their general, aiid condemn it, and
send here a remonstrance, or rather an apology—
is it war ? The invasion of any set of men in any
capacity is not war. I remember—there-are men
on this floor who remcmber~-&U know that our
iVigate, the Chesapeake, was captured in 1807 by
the frigate Leopard. Was that absolutely war?
Will any man say that it created war? Does not
every man know that a national ship is regarded
by the law of nations as national territory; and that
actual invasion upon a ship has the same effect of
the invasion of territory—that it creates, ipso facto,
war? And is there any necessity for us, in this
moment of exigency, when we are resolved to sup-
port the Administration in the vindication of the
rights of our country and in redress for the blood
of its citizens—is it necessary for us to take another
step which can result in no. good, and may result
in much evil?—which, without producing one sin-
gle benefit, without imparting nerve or sinews to
the war, involves an irremediable injury to the
commerce ofthe country? if there be no declara-
tion of war on our part—if there be none on the
part of the authorities of Mexico, let us not pre-
cipitate the privateers on the ocean, who will be
considered as pirates without a declaration on the
one side or the other.
But if the declaration is to come from one side
or the other,- let us, before it comes, for God's
sake, for the sake of the merchants,, of the trade
and of the property ofthe country, give our mer-
chants an opportunity to withdraw their commerce
from this wide desert of waters, where privateers
are ready, like Arabs, to spring upon their prey.
Mr. GENTRY (Mr. Holmes yielding at his
request) said he agreed with the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,} that in all we do
at present, we should look simply to the defence
of our country from the invasion which has been
made, and that war cannot be legitimately made
by this country, unless it should be declared in the
way the Constitution, contemplates, by the Con-
gress of the United States. He was m favor of
striking out the 1st and 2d sections of the bilk Ail
that followed related simply to the furnishing the
President with the means necessary to defend the
country from invasion. They could consider the
propriety of a declaration of war when they had
more light on this question. If that were neces-
sary he presumed Congress would authorize it.
Mr. BOYD (Mr. Holmes further yielding) gave
notice of an amendment, to strike out the 1st sec-
tion, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
" Whereas by the act ofthe Republic of Mexico a state of
war ovists between that, Government and the United States:
11 Be it enacted, <$-c\, That for the purpose uf enabling the
Government of the United States to pios^oute said war to
a speedy and successful termination, the President be, and
he is hereby, authorized to employ the militia, naval, and
military forces ol the United States, and to call for and ac-
cept the services of any number of volunteers not exceeding
50,000, who may offer their services, either as cavalry, ar-
tillery, infantry, or riflemen, to serve twelve months after
they shall have arrived at the place of rendezvous, or to the
end ofthe wai, unless sooner discharged; and that the sum
of ton millions of dollais out of any moneys m the Treasury
or to come into the Treasury not otherwise appropriated be,
and the same is hereby, apptopriated for the purpose of car-
rying the provisions of this act into effect.'*
Mr. HOLMES (resuming) .said there had been
no motion, no amendment, that does not go to in-
vest the Executive of the country with adequate
power to carry this contest between Mexico-and
ourselves to a speedy termination; and no gentle-
man would object to that. But do not let us, I
beg, assume that which i« not to be assumed, and
the assumption of which will redound to no benefit'
oneway or another.
Mr. SCHENCK interposed, and, stating that
he had an amendment which he thought would ex-
actly meet the gentlemen's views,
Mr. HOLMES yielded.
Mr. SCHENCK then sent up to the Clerk's
table, where it was read in part, the following
amendment, which he gave notice of his intention
to offer at the proper time:
Strike out all after enacting clause, and insert—
" Whereas it has been communicated to Congress by the
President ofthe United States, that this Government is now
engaged in a war with Mexico, and a call has been made on
