1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
exigency requires; and yet he has not named anv
sum or any number of troops, as has been inva-
riably th? usage in such cases by all former Pres-
idents* He leaves us to act upon our information
and judgment in the premises. Are we to under-
stand that he abanaops..the responsibilities and
duties us President and Gommandcr-in-Chief in
the conduct of this war? Does he intend to be
understood by Congress as saying to them, (what
must be now apparent to the whole nation,) " I
am unequal to the high position which 1 occupy.
I know not how to advise you as to the amount of
money and the number of men you must raise to
rescue the military renown of th$ country from
the -passing cloud which now covers it. In this
important matter you must assume my duties and
my responsibilities, and adopt the necessary meas-
ures to vindicate the suffering honor of the nation ?"
If this be the position of the President, he has ex-
hibited more good sense in assuming it than in
all the acts of his Administration besides; if it be
not, he exhibits his usual reprehensible secre-
tiveness.
But, Mr. Speaker, the essence of this measure is
the supplies. They will all be required before the
nation gets out of this difficulty. 1 will vote for
the supplies of the bill with hearty alacrity, at the
same time protesting against its falsehoods. Since
the play has begun, I am for fighting Mexico on
our soil, on hers, everywhere, until we drive her
across the-Rio Grande, and retrieve our ancient re-
nown. I am then for, withdrawing our army to
the east side of the Nueces, and then settling by
treaty all our points of dispute with that weak and
distracted country upon the most liberal terms.
Mr. DAVIS was repeatedly interrupted and
called to order, but the Chair declined to pronounce
him out of order, till, having proceeded some time,
he was called to order by—
Mr. DOUGLASS, who said the reasons Mr.
Davis was giving might be, in his own view, very
good reasons \yhy he should vote against the bill,
but not why he should be excused from voting.
The CHAIR ruled that, according to the usage
of the House on similar cases, Mr. Davis must be
suffered to give his own reasons as lie thought lit.
From this decision Mr. IiltlNK.ERHOFll> took
an appeal.
Mr. EWING, of Pennsylvania, demanded the
yeas and nays; which, bemg ordered and taken,
resulted in sustaining the decision of the Chair, by
yeas 112, nays 72.
Mr. DAVIS having proceeded—
Mr. HENLEY called him to order, and the Chair
ruled him to be out of order.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF objected' to his proceed-
ing, and insisted on the rule in the: case.
Mr. DAVIS thereupon withdrew his request for
leave to be excused from voting, and said lie should
vote for the bill,.
Mr. BAYLY rose and said:
Mr. Speaker.: I ask to be excused from voting.
I cannot vote in silence, without placing myself m
a false position. I consider this bill virtually a
declaration of war, made without Executive recom-
mendation; for I do not understand the message,
from hearing it read, as recommending a declaia-
tion of war, and made, too, when we do not know
that the invasion of our territory and the^aggres-
sive acts are sanctioned by the Mexican Go\em-
inent. They may yet be disavowed, and repara-
tion made. I am unwilling, therefore, at this time,
and under the circumstances, to vote for a declara-
tion of war. I do not think such a declaration ne-
cessary to meet the emergency. On the other hand,
I am anxious to vote such supplies of men and
money as will afford succor to our army, and repel
the invasion. I must, as I am now situated, decline
to do this, or vote for the bill before the House. I
shall vote for the bill, if not excused, as 1 can
never withhold supplies, under the circumstances,
as the greater cvfl. Mr. B. then withdrew his
reouest to be excused. .... .,, ,i
^The question, " Shall this bill pass, was then
taken, and decided as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Abbots, Stephen Adam«,_Andereon, Ar-
Bewltn, Brown, Buffington, Burt, Wil-
M'lton Brown, Campbell, Carroll, Cathcatt,
ham w. Campbell,   '   A_ cf > £cubeu Chap-
John G. UlaP^"'^,,g Clarke, Cobb, Cocke, Collin, Cro-
T' Cullom C immilK, Daniel, Dargan, Darragii, Garrett
zier, Cullom, oiiuii , ^ M Dillingham, Dobbin,
Tv./.k'prv. Douglass, Dromgoole> Dunlap, Ed&ali, Ellsworth,
Doekery, Douglass,
Erdman, John H. Ewing, Edwin H. Ewing, Far an, Fickhn,
Foot, Fries, Garvin, Gentry, Goodyear, Gordon, Graham,
Grider, Grover, Hamlin, Hampton, Haralson, Harmanson,
Harper. Henley,, Herrick, Rilhard, Hoge, Ehas B. Holmes,
Isaac iE. Holmes, Hopfcitif, Hough, JolmW. Houston, G. S.
Houston, E. W. Hubard, Huugerford, J. B- Hunt, Huuusr,
Charles J. Iiigersoll, Joseph R. Iugen otI, Joseph Johnson,
Andrew Johmon, George W. Jones, Kennedy, P. King,
Thomas! Butler King, Leib, La Sere, LewU, Levin, luigou,
Lumpkin, Maclay, McCiuau, McClelland, MeClenu.nd,
MeConnell, Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell, Me-
Gaughey, McHenry, McKay, Mar^h, John P. Martin, Bark-
ley Martin, Miller, Morris, Morse, Moseley, Moulton,Niven,
Norris, Owen, Parrisb, Payne, Pendleton, PerriJl, l'etut,
Phelps, Pollock, Price, Itamsev, Rathbun, Hunt, Ilelte,
Rhett, Hitter, Roberts, John A. Rockwell, Sawtelle, Saw-
yer, wcammon, tichenck, Seddon, Alex. I). Sims, Leonard
H. Sims, Simppon, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Thomas
Smith, Kobeit Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stewart, St
John, Stiojic, Thibudeuu.x, ThoiuaasOH, Jacob Thompson,
Thurmau, Tibhutts, Toomb-, Towns, Trcdway, Tiumbo,
Vinton, Wentworth, Wheaton, Wick, Winthrop, Woodruff,
Woodward, Yancey, Yell, and young— 174.
NAYS—Mi'st-r.1. John CI. Adam*, Ashmun, Cranston,
Culver, Delano, Gidduigs, Grinncll, Hudson, 1). P. King,
Root, beveranee, Stroiun, Tildcn, «md Vance—11.
So the bill was passed m the following form, viz:
Whereas, by the act of the Republic of Me.\ico, a state of
war exists between timt Gin eminent and tne United Statcn:
lie it ennrlel by the Senate un i Howe of Reyie>ciitutives
of the United States of */iwe  it a m Gjngres* aestmhied, That,
for tlie purpose oi enabling the Government ol tUe United
Stales lo jnuftCUte }-aid war lo a >peedy and successful ter-
mination, the PreMd.-nt be, and he herehj, authoit/. d to
employ the inilma, naval, and imhtnr) fouv* ol the United
States, and to ( all tor and accept ihv services of any numb -i
oi volunteers, not exceeding liny thousand, who may oiler
their service*, either a* cavahy, ariilleiy, or nllein .11, lo
seive twelve month* alter the) shall have arrived at the
pluee of rendezvous, or to the end of the war, unlt*s> sooner
discharged; and thai the sum of ten millions ot'dollur> out
of any moneva in the Tren.Miiv, or to come into the Treas-
ury, not otherwise appropriated, be, and Uiu Mune is hoicby,
appmpriated, tor the purpo-e of cairjmg the piovisiun-s ot
this act into   ft'-et.
Site. Ami be U fuilhet eivckdy That the militia, when
called into the ffrvice ol the United States bj vutu>' ui tins
act, oi any other act, nun, ll in the opinion ol tile President
Of the United States the public mtcn-bt require* u, be ("un-
polled to serve for a term not exceeding mv im^ita*, alt.*r
theif arrival at the plai-e of reitdeavout, in any one year,
uule>8 Koonerdi^elMiyed.
Hkc. '.S. v'hii he U fmlhcr cnaclnl, Thattlie suid volunteers
shall fitrnMi their own clothes, and ifeav.dry, their own
hornes; and when niu.-tcred into ice shall be armed and
eijuipp^'d at the expense of the United Stales.
*i. Jhut hf it futtk-r m.ctel. That *;ud voInnle<'r>
i nhall, when culled into actual semec, and wlule lemauung
j therein, he i-ubject to the rotes and aitieles of war, and sjiall
i be m all re-p« ets, exeepi u.s to clothing and p iy, placed on
! the name loolinjj with .-imilar curj>y ol the United States
1 Army; andmhouofclothmgevciynon commihSionedolficer
and pnvute, hi any company, xvho may thus oiler hmwdf,
shall bo entitled, when called into actual acmce, to receive
in muney a sum etjual to the cost of clothing of a non-com-
DH^Kiunod otticer or private (as the ease maj be) in tho reg-
ular troops of the United Btatea.
Sur. ft. Jhul be U further enacted, That the taid volunteers
so ollering their services shall be accepted by the President
in companies, battalions, .-quadi-ona, and regiments, whose
oflleeis shall be appointi'd m the manner prescribed by law
in the seveial States and Teiritorhn to which Mi<*h com-
punit'H, battalions, squadrons, and regiment*, shall respect-
ively belong.
Si:c.(>. *'hul be it fwthcr eihutcd, That the President ol
the United State* he, and he ia hereby, authori/.ed to orga-
jii/,e Ciunpxniea so tenderius their sei vices into battalions or
sf[uadtonsi', battalions and wjuidronti into regiments; rein-
monw into brigades; and brigades into divisions, as soon as
the number oi volunlueis shall render such organisation, ni
hw judmueitl, expedient; and  hull, by and with the ad\icc
of the Senate, appoint the generals of brigade and division,
and die generul staff, as« now authorized by law: Provided,
iiowcoitt That major geiieudf and briaadu-r gmeraU snail
have the appointment oi' their own ruds-de camp, and the
President nlmU, if neecwirj, apportion tlie stnlf, field, and
lieueral olheers anions: the resprn tive SuUe  and Territorie.-<
irom which the volunteers shall tender their services, as he
may deem piopor.
Si cJlni be further cnactd, That the volunteers who
may be received into the service of the United State-; by
virtue of the provisions of this act, and who shall b.: wound-
ed or otherwise disabled in the service, shall be entitled to
all the benctit which may be conferred on persona wounded
in the service of the United Slates.
Si.e. 8. JIM be Ufurther enurte!, That the Pr.^id^ntof the
' TTnited States be, and hi; i* hereby, authori/.ed forthwith to
complete all the public armed vessels now authorized bx,
law, and to purchase or charter, arm, equip, and m.ui such
merchant vessels and steamboats a>, upon examination,
mav he found tit, or easily converted into armed veasels fit
for "the public service, and in Mich number a? he mav deem
necessary for the protection of the seaboard, lake coast, and
the «*t ner«il defence of tbeeountiy.
Sue. l>e further mactcl} That, whenever the
militia or volunteers arc called and revived into the ser-
vice of the United States under the provisions of this act,
they shall have the organisation of tlie army of the United
States, and shall have the same pay and allowances, except
as follows, to wit: Fiivatcs of mtiuvtry, artillery, and rifle-
men J>hall leceivc ten dollars pec month, and privates of
volunteer mounted corp* twenty dollars per month, for tl\eir
services and the use and risk of their horses,
Arul its title was so amended as to read "An
act providing for the prosecution of the existing
war oetwecn the United States and the Republic of
Mexico."
A motion was made to reconsider the vote by
which the bill had been passed; and the question
being taken under tlie operation of the previous
question, the.vote was not reconsidered.
The bill was then ordered to be- sent to the
Senate.
RANK AND FILE OF THE ARMY.
On motion of Mr. HAH.ALSON, the House
took up the bill to increase the rank and fil6 of the
army, and concurred in the amendments made
thereto by the Senate. [See Senate proceedings.]
And then, at a very late hour,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 12, 1846.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, informing; the Senate that the House
had concurred in the Senate's amendment to the
bill providing for the increase of the army of the
United States.
The following bill was received from the House
of Representatives: " An act providing for the
prosecution of the existing war between the United
States and the Republic of Mexico."
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr, SPEIGHT called for the reading of the en-
tire bill, and the bill was accordingly read.
Mr. ALLEN moved to postpone the prior orders
of the day, for the purpose of proceeding, at once,
to the consideration of tlie bill.
Mr. CALHOUN rose and said, he hoped, at
least, one day would be allowed to those who were
to vote upon this bill, as an opportunity to consult
the documents which had been submitted to the
Senate by the Executive, as containing the ground
on which the bill was to pass. It was a bill amount-
ing to a declaration of war. Mr. C. had no objec-
tion whatever to voting the amount of supplies con-
tained in the bill, or even a greater amount; but he
was at present unprepared to vote anything which
amounted to a declaration of war. The question
was one of great magnitude, and gentlemen who
entertained doubts respecting the facts on which the
bill was founded, or in legaid to the necessity or
propriety of a declaration of war, should certainly
have some short time allowed them for reflection.
He was not opposed to the bill in many of its fea-
tures; all he asked was that the gentlemen who had
charge of it would afford him a little time to exam-
ine the documents accompanying the President's
message^ which had been ordered to be printed,
but were not yet in possession of the Senate.
He asked that the first section of the bill be
again read, and it was read accordingly.
Mr. BERRIEN asked if he rightly understood
the motion of the Senator from Ohio to be, to post-
pone the prior orders for the purpose of consider-
ing the bill at this time* Did he rightly under-
stand this to be the purport of the motion of the
Senator ?
The CHAIR. You are right.
Mr. BERRIEN inquired if the bill had been
read a second time.
The CHAIR replied m the affirmative. He had
heard no objection.
Mr. ALLEN, chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, stated that the intelligence in
regard to the existing state of affairs on the banks
of the Rio del Norte had not arrived in this city
until Saturday evening at five o'clock. It was of
such a nature that a Government of any other
form than ours would have required a force to be
despatched and means taken to rescue our army
' from its perilous condition within an hour after
the reception of the despatches; but ours was a
constitutional Government, under which Congress
alone could declare war, and nothing decisive could
be done in the case before Monday morning, when
Congress should meet. The obstacle occasioned
by this delay had now been removed. Congress
had met, one branch had acted, and the bill which
was the result of its action was already before the
Senate, and the urgency of the case required in-
stant action. The gentleman from South Carolina
appealed for some short space for the examination
of documents; but such was the posture of affairs
that no time could be afforded for the least delay,
A delay of forty-eight hours might produce events
which would become the occasion of a lasting war.
He must therefore demand the yeas and nays on
ordering the bill to its third reading.
