1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
797
local rencontre, not authorized by the act of either
Government, constituted a state of war between
tht UnlteTs.T °f ^e3UC0,and Government of
the United States—to .say that, b-v a certain milita-
ry movement of General Taylor and General Arista
every citizen of the United States was made the
HSL?:y man in Mexico. It was monstrous,
and Congress of the power of making war;
to evZt aS 1®°re and W0rse' " Save that p°wer
in jIZ nay. to every subaltern command-
ing a corporal s guard. Did gentlemen call upon
him to do this ? Did they expect he was going to
vote for a position so monstrous ? If they forced
the question upon him, he should take his own
"• „IXu,ey wante<l unanimity, they could have
it, but if they chose to proceed on their own pettv
party views, be it so. ' '
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said that he was as sin-
cerely interested in having speedy and united ac-
tion on this lull-as any gentleman on the other
side of the Chamber possibly could be; and he
hoped they would suffer it to be presented in such
a shape that all could vote for it. What was de-
sired by them was equally desired by Mr. C. and
Jus mends. . All they wanted was an opportunity
of voting supplies to the Executive without being
j i_U^0n' at once> an<l without time even to
read the documents, to declare that a state of war
did exist. Why could not gentlemen so far ac-
commodate them as to postpone this question of
war or no war, and so modify their bill as to let
gentlemen on both sides of the Chamber give ita
unanimous vote? Let the bill go to the Military
Committee; in five minutes they could report it
back to the Senate with the requisite modifications,
i hey were willing to sit till midnight if necessary,
and not rise till it was passed. They were willing,
ready, anxious to pass it.
The President had sent to the Senate a mass of
documents containing that evidence which was to
be the basis of their action; but these had not yet
been printed, and Senators had no opportunity to
examine them. Was it justice either to them or
to the President of the United States, to rail on
them to pass the bill without even seeing what lie
had deemed it proper and necessary to send them
as the basis of their action ? He had not naked
the Senate to decide in haste like this. Had any
gentleman read these documents ? They could not,
because they were yet in the hands of the printer.
And had the President desired the Senate to act
as blind, without looking at one of the papers lie
had sent them? No. Mr. C. would do the Ex-
ecutive the justice to believe that, when he sent
documentary evidence he meant it to bo read; and
yet here were they asked to decide without even a
glance at it. Mr. C. could not say whether a
state of war did or did not exist. Ho desired to
examine the evidence submitted; and so, he should
suppose, must every member of the Committee on
Foreign Relations desire. He would proceed as
rapidly in voting supplies as any other gentleman,
be he who he might. Why would not gentlemen
suffer the question to be decided as they did yes-
terday ?
There was another objection to the bill, which he
wished to state, and which he desired to be duly
weighed. Why this hot haste? They had the.
day before them: why not take the requisite time
to deliberate on what they were doing ? This bill
appropriated ten millions of dollars. Of tins he
did not complain; he had not the slightest objec-
tion to it; he was ready to vote twenty millions,
but it appeared objectionable to lnm because it
stated no specific objects to which the money was
to be applied. The appropriation was general,
indefinite. The President was vested at once with
the absolute disposal of ten millions of dollars,
without declaring that so much was to be applied
fo the army, so much to the navy, so much for
provisions,somuehfortransportation,&c. Mr. C.
held this not to be in conformity witli the Constitu-
tion. He appealed to gentlemen of the Democracy
to say whether this was democratic. The Old
Democratic party made this one of the great prin-
ciples of their action. They insisted on specific
appropriations as one of the great distinctions of
democratic Government. It was emphatically re-
commended by Mr. Jefferson, and was one of the
watchwords of the party of which he was the
acknowledged head. Whosoever opposed it was
at once sefdown as an enemy of that party. And
yet did any man ever behold a more sweeping ap-
propriation than this of ten millions without a
single specification? The whole power of Con-
gress over the subject was here delegated in a single
line to the President of the United States. Were
gentlemen willing to do this? Were they not
bound, by the doctrines of their own party, as
well as by the Constitution of the United States,
to render it a little more specific ? To say so much
shall be applied to the building, so much to the
equipping, of vessels, so much for provisions, so
much for forage, so much for transportation, &c. ?
Was there one among the powers delegated to
Congress in the Constitution which Congress
could transfer to the President, or to any other in-
dividual or body? If it could delegate one of its
powers, it might another; and might delegate them
all away. The power to appropriate money was
one of their peculiar powers: could they give this
to the President ? This was a subject which had
been often and elaborately discussed, and Mr. C.
had supposed the question had long been settled.
He was ready to vote the ten millions, but he
wished it divided under specific heads, according
to the Jeffersonian doctrine of political orthodoxy;
otherwise, the Senate would be guilty of a gross
departure fVom the Constitution.
Mr. C. again expressed his desire that the bill
should be referred to the Committee on Military
Aflairs. By modifying it, as they were prepared
to do, they might secure unanimity in the vote of
the Senate. And was not this highly desirable?
He did not know all the facts which ought to be
placed before him in acting on so solemn a matter;
but he should feel greatly relieved by a concurrent
vote of all his brother Senators. Let the Military
Committee report it back to the Senate immediate-
ly, (as he believed they were prepared to tin,) and
Mr. C. and his friends would pledge themselves to
sit here till midnight and pass the bill. He moved
that the bill be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tery Allairs.
Mr. ALLEN said that, on behalf of the Mili-
tary Committee, he understood the chairman to
say that he was ready to report the bill back m its
present shape. He asked the yeas and nays on
the question to refer.
Mr. MANGUM said it mi"ht be icported to-
day.
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes; and I, for one, am wil-
ling to sit till midnight, if necessary, in order to
pass it.
Mr. BENTON said the Military Committee had
met early this morning; had examined the bill, and
! directed some amendments.
Mr. MANGUM asked if the Senator would per-
mit the amendments to be read.
Mr. BENTON said, "Certainly;^ and added,
that in accordance with the resolution of the Sen-
ate yesterday, with respect to the reference of the
message, the committee had proposed to amend the
bill, by striking out the political question.
The amendments were then read.
Mr. CLAYTON hoped the bill would be suffer-
ed to go to that committee, and let them report it
back with these amendments, ft would greatly
relieve his own side of the Chamber, and enable
them to satisfy their scruples on the question of
the existence of war. And could they not also
render the appropriation somewhat more definite,
and so remove ail objections on that point also?
Mr. BENTON replied that to adapt the appro-
priation to each respective head of expenditure
would be a very long and laborious process. It
would consume a great deal of time. On that ac-
count, while fully agreeing with the gentleman from
Delaware on the principle he had stated as to spe
otfic appropriations, he could not undertake to do
what lie desired.
Mr. CLAYTON said, if this was not practica-
ble, let the gentleman report the bill with the com-
mittee's modifications, and he should be content.
Mr. ALL12N said that a part of the message had
also been referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. The political question had not been reler-
red to the committee, and hence they had confined
their attention to so much of the bill as related to
their own department. The Committee on For-
eign Relations had also had the bill under consid-
eration, and the majority of that committee concur-
red in the propositions contained in the preamble,
and in the first section of the bill, declaring that
war does actually exist. The question had by that
committee been decided: so that, in fact, both the
questions referred had been settled by the respect-
ive committees. He hoptd, therefore, that the i
bill would not be referred as proposed, but that
speedy action would be had upon it.
Mr. BERRIEN observed that the .reason stated
by the gentleman from Ohio did not interfere with
the motion to refer. - The explanations made by
the chairman of the Military Committee went to
show that the utmost expedition could be ob-
tained by the reference. The amendments were
prepared and reduced to writing, and the bill and
amendments could be at once reported back to the
Senate, and would be ready for its sanction. Mean-
time the Committee on Foreign Relations could
report simultaneously, and the Senate would be
ready to act upon both. He trusted the motion of
the Senator from Delaware would prevail.
The question was now taken by yeas and nays,
and decided as follows:
YEAS—M<;?srs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Calhoun, T.
Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Cnttenden, Davis,Day-
ton, Ev'ant«, Huntington, Jarnngin, Johnson of Maryland,
Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum, Morehcad, Simmons, Op-
ham, and Woodbudge—20.
NAYS—Messis. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Bieese, Buifht, Cameion, Ca^, Colquitt,
Di\, Houston, Jenness, .Lewis, McDulTi.-, Niles, Penny-
backer, Rusk. Seniple, Sevier, Speight, Stiugeon. Tuincy,
We^tcott, ana Yulee—26.
So the Senate refused to refer.
Mr. CLAYTON asked Mr. Benton whether
he had meant to report these amendments, if the
bill had been referred ?
Mr. BENTON replied, that the committee had
resolved that they would act subordmately to the
will of the Senate. If the Senate should decide
that war did actually exist, then they should report
in oiu: way; hut if the Senate should decide to
give the Pi evident the means not to prosecute the
war, but only to repel invasion, then the commit-
tee would modity their report in another way, so,
as to provide for repelling invasion instead of pros-
ecuting the war.
_[A message was here received from the House
of Representatives, notifying the Senate that the
House had concurred 111 the Senate's bill to raise
a corps of sappers, miners, and pontonicrs.]
Mr. AI.LKN said, that the Committee on For-
eign Relations would have reported this morning,
had not the bill fiom the Hou^e come m inmiocii-
ately after the reading of the journal, and before
reports from committees were called for. The re-
port of the committee would have conformed, 111
substancc, to the first section of the House bill.
The committee had designed to report a bill which
the Senate might either act upon independently or
insert as an amendment into the House bill; or if
the Senate should prefer to adopt the first section
of the House bill as it stood, then that their report
should be suffered to sleep on the table. The first
section of the bill from the House of Representa-
tives contained substantially the results of the ac-
tion of the Committee on 'Foreign Relations, and
would have been in fact their report.
Mr J. M. CLAYTON inquired whether that
committee had had before them the documents ac-
companying the President's Message, either in
manuscript or 111 a printed form ?
Mr. ALLEN replied that they had had the doc-
uments before them in manuscript, and had also
heard the message from the Piesident read, and
they could not close their eyes to the fact so glar-
ingly palpable, that there was a state of war be-
tween Mexico and the United States, even had
they never seen one of the documents or heard the
message at all.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said it seemed also that
the committee could not close their eyes to another
fact, and that was, that the war came from the
Government of Mexico. The committee, how-
ever, had had the manuscripts before them. The
Senate all Knew how voluminous these were. Mr.
C. presumed that the committee had read them;
and, it so, they must have been very laborious in-
deed. But what opportunity had Mr. C. and the
rest of the Senate enjoyed of looking at these doc-
uments? The committee had enjoyed this—the
Senate had not. He, for one, desired to have the
same opportunity of forming a correct judgment
which the Senator from Ohio had had. He had not
had access to these papers. But the committee
asked him and his friends to go it blindly, without
looking at the evidence in the case. He must re-
ceive their inferences from that evidence as bein«-
infallibly correct. Now, he thought it was re*
quiring rather too much to ask this.
Mr. C. here again put the question to Mr, Ben-
