798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1%
ton whether he intended to move the amendments
which he had read? Mr. C. picfcrrcd that lie
should do it; but, if not, he should move them
himself.
Mr. BENTON declining-
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON proceeded to move the
amendments.
The first amendment was to strike out the pre-
amble of the bill.
The CHAIR decided that the preamble was the
last thing to be considered; and the motion was
therefore not now in order.
Mr. BENTON explained that the committee
had proposed to strike out the preamble, not in re-
gard to the political question, but only in reference
to the direction which the Senate had given to that
committee.
Mr. B. had received, in a Mexican paper, the
copy of a proclamation made by the President ad
interim of the Mexican Republic, to his fellow-cit-
izens, on hearing of the advance of the American
troops to the banks of the Rio del Noite. Theie
was one paragraph in this message, or proclama-
tion, which referred directly to the question how
far the march of our army was or was not an act
of war; and it went to show the correctness of the
doctrine, that there might be hostilities without a
state of war, as there might be a state of war with-
out actual hostilities. The President ad interim
stated in this paper that " it was not his right, as
4 such, by his own act, to declare war; but that the
4 august Mexican Congress would take into con-
4 sideration the state of conflict in which they found
* themselves, and that a magnanimous and suffering
4 people, would not be attacked with impunity; but
4 in the meanwhile, it might be necessary to repel
4 acts of hostility, and take the initiative in regard to
( the mvadeis, by rolling back upon them the guilt
4 of disturbing the peace of the worJd; that Mexico
4 would not submit to any hostile act committed
* by the people or Government of the United Slates;
4 but that every such act would be met and repulsed
4 by all the power of the Republic." Mr. B. had
repeated this passage from a proclamation from the
present President of Mexico, with a view to show
that the door was open for an adjustment of our
difficulties; and he thought he could see, in the
language of this officer, that a peaceable adjustment
of them might be effected. So far as lie could see
from this declaration, the Government of Mexico
seemed to be willing and leady for such a lesult;
it seemed to consider the hostilities as proceeding
from our troops only, and there appeared to be an
opinion that Mexico ought to adopt some other
preliminary measures before she drew the sword.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said that he drew the
game inference from this paper with the gentleman
from Missouri, that hostilities did not necessarily
imply a state of war. In fact there was no treatise
on the law of nations winch did not definitively
decl.ue that the one might exist without the other;
that letters of marque and reprisal might be issued
and acted upon, and yet no state of war exist, un-
less they were issued generally. Military meas-
ures of mere defence did not constitute a war. But
Mr. C. purposely abstained from entering into the
question whethei war did or did not exist; perhaps
it did, but he was not willing to say so m this bill
before the Senate knew the fact. He would not
say that there was not a state of war; he assumed
no such position. All lie wanted was an oppoitu-
nity to look at the documents to see how far we
could be justified m solemnly declaring that war
did exist.
With a view to test the sense of the Senate, he
would move to amend the bill by striking out, in
the third line of the first section, the words '"pros-
ecute said war to a speedy and successful termina-
tion," and inserting the words "repel invasion." If
this motion should succeed, lie should then follow
it up with correspondingamendmenis in the subse-
quent parts of the bill.
The question being on striking out and inserting
as above proposed—
Mr. BREESE demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered by the Senate.
Mr. CALHOUN said he would now appeal to
the Senate, and ask if there wos a man there who
could believe, on the only document which they
had—how authentic he knew not—that there ex-
isted war, in its proper and constitutional form,
between the two countries ? War must be made
by the sovereign authority, which, in this case,
.were the Mexican Congress, on the one side, and
the American Congress, on the other. The Presi-
dent of Mexico could not make war. It could
only be done by the two countries. Even if the
two Presidents had declared war, the nations could
disavow the act; and he called on the Senate to
reflect upon the position in which they would be
placed in case they made a declaration of war, and
m due course of time there should come a disa-
vowal on the part of Mexico. It would be a most
extraordinary proceeding to make a declaration of
war after what had been read by the Senator from
Missouri as the language of the President of the
Mexican Republic. Pie would much rather that
the Senator from Delaware had divided his motion,
and made the proposition first on striking out; and
he put it to the conscience and to the sense of truth
entertained by every member of the body, whether
he could make a public declaration that war does
now exist.
Mr. HOUSTON said it was not his purpose to
occupy much of the time of that honorable body;
he rose merely for the purpose of declaring what
the true position of this country, according to his
apprehension, now was in relation to Mexico.
His conviction was that they were actually in a
state of war. War had existed for ten years be-
tween Mexico and Texas; and it had been declared
in advance on the part of Mexico, when the ques-
tion of the annexation of Texas to the United
States was agitated, that if that annexation took
place the war would not only be continued against
Texas, but war would be proclaimed also against
the United States. The war had continued to be
prosecuted against Texas, and Texas having in
the meantime become a portion of the United
States, the Government of the United States was
now placcd in the situation occupied heretofore by
Texas in relation to Mcxico. War, therefore, in
his judgment, unquestionably existed between
Mexico and the United States. It had been ex-
tended to the United States by the declaration of
the Mexican Government, and had been continued
and renewed by the recent acts of that Govern-
ment—acts of outrage and violence committed upon
the United States troops within that territory, from
which they had declared they would expel the cit-
izens of Texas as intruders and rebels. Texas
having been annexed to the United States in the
face of these declarations on the part of Mexico,
!: and in the face of the existing war, he would ask
i! what ciicumstances had occurred since the annex-
: ttiion which had at all changed the natuie of those
|j relations, and rendered them peaceful? He ap-
ji prehended that those relations had not changed;
I and if they had not changed, the United Slates and
P Mexico weic unquestionably in a state of war,
Mexico being yet engaged in an aggressive war
upon the Slate of Texas, one of the States of this
Union. The United States was, therefore, placed
precisely in the situation in which Texas had been
for the last ten years, subject to the aggressions,
incursions, inroads, attacks, and outrages of the
Mexican forces, acting in obedience to the com-
mands of the constituted authorities of the Mexi-
can Government. Gould any doubt exist that
I they were in fact and truth m a state of war? in
j his conscience he could not resist the conviction
that they were as virtually, as effectually in a state
of war, as if Mexico had six weeks ago declared
war expressly against the United States. Ten
years ago Mexico commenced hostilities against
Texas; there were temporary suspensions of hos-
tilities, but the war was renewed from time to
ii time; those cessations of arms were from time to
' time interrupted by renewed declarations of war
ji and extermination against the inhabitants of Tex-
j as. Plow long was it necessary, then, to pause and
j: consider whether there was war or not? How
jj long was the Congress of the United States to pon-
ijder? Were they to regard the declarations of
jl MexicOj pronounced by the chief officer or usurper
II of her Government, as having no force, on the
[ ground that he had no authoiity to declare war?—
ii that it belonged only to Congress to declare it?
11 So long as they held that as the rule of their ac-
>' tiou5 so long would they find themselves deceived,
p So long as he could delude them with professions
of peace, so long would he continue those profes-
|i sions, while his acts would continue to be acts of
hostility and violence.
He had not risen for the purpose of occupying
the time of the Senate m any lengthened speech.
He would be glad if the bill were put in such a
form as would meet the wishes of every honorable
Senator. He would be entirely willing to gratify
them by first taking up, if they plea&ea, the sub*
ject of appropriation, of furnishing the adequate
means for resistance, if he were assured that the
declaration -of war would promptly follow; but if
they were to vote supplies of munitions of war
and men for the mere purpose of marching to the
Rio del Norte, and there halting, he could not sub-
scribe to any measure of "the kind. He could not
assent to it, because he thought it would be utterly
useless. If they intended to act at alb they ought
to act as though they intended to redress the wrongs
they had suffered. The policy of declaring war
might' be discussed for months, and in the mean
time our troops wou}d be left to waste away and
be destroyed, until only the skeleton of an army
would be left, while debts accumulated upon the
nation and the Mexicans remained unchastised.
Humiliated as we might regard her, imbecile as
were her people, we ought nevertheless to consider
her and to treat her as a nation, so long as she was
capable of outraging the rights of America. Her
degradation should not be allowed to excite in our
breasts a feeling of pity; so long as she manifested
a disposition to commit outrages upon our country,
we should entertain no other feeling than a feeling
of resentment; we should not, through.a mistaken
pity, withhold our hands from inflicting chastise-
ment. Having received wrongs at her hands, it
was our duty to redress those wrongs. Injury
having been inflicted by Mexico, she ought to be
punished. Her insolence ought not to be tolerated.
She ought to be made aware that we could not
only repel insult, but also punish it.
lie was prepared to vote for a declaration that
we were in a state of war, and the measures ne-
cessarily consequent upon such declaration could
be immediately adopted and carried into execution.
Perhaps the next intelligence received would be
that advantage had been taken of our inactivity,
and some new outrage perpetrated more seriously
involving the national honor and dignity than any
which had yet reached our ears. We would then
be prepared to act decisively, no doubt. Then,
why not act at once? The officers of the Mexican
Government announced her to be in a state of war:
where, then, was the ground for hesitation ? When
they were informed that an experienced officer, an
experienced .military commander, had been des-
patched to the frontier with orders from the Gov-
ernment to assume the command, to supersede an
officer already there, and to assume the responsi-
bility of the prosecution of the war, did Senators
believe it was without a definite object? Did they
believe it was to repel invasion alone that he was
sent, and not to commit aggression ? Was not the
crossing of the Rio Grande by the Mexican forces
of itself an act of war ? Was not the entering our
territory by an armed force an act of war? How-
ever the decision might hereafter be in regard to the
precise extent of our territory, the Mexicans knew
full well that the river had 'been assumed as tho
boundary. Up to the time of annexation it had
been so considered, and, more than that, the Mexi-
cans had never once established a military encamp-
ment on the east side of the river; it had never
been held, even by themselves, to be withm the
limits of Mexico, otherwise than upon the ridicu-
lous ground of claiming the whole of Texas to be
theirs.
They had marched across the river in military
array—they had entered upon American soil with
a hostile design. Was this not war? And now
were Senators prepared to temporize and to predi-
cate the action of this Government upon that of the
Mexican Government, as if the latter was a sys-
tematic, regular, and orderly Government? fie,
for one, was not prepared to do so. How many
revolutions had that Government undergone within
the last three years? Not less than three, with
another now in embryo. Perhaps the next arrival
might bring us news of another change, and that
the Amei ican army on the Rio del Norte had been
destroyed while awaiting the action of the Mexi-
can Government, in the supposition that it was a
regularly-constituted Government, instead of being
a Government of brigands and despots, ruling with
a rod of iron, and keeping faith with no other_ na-
tion, and heaping indignities upon the American
flag. A state of war now existed as perfect as it
could be after a formal declaration or recognition
of a state of war by the-Congress of the United
States. Their action had been continually indica-
tive of a state of war, and - the question now was,
