1846.
whether the Government of the TTnitoA «*.>+
would respond to that actfon, theT
gressors with punishment. ^
Mr. MANGtFM said the evidence of the exist-
ence of war, whtch.had just been presented by the
rsrr T^as> ~
not wirt tl t American idea of war, or at least
not with what was the American idea when the
atUtwo°£v Teatl0°'WilS under discussion here,
td As®fs;0n? of the c°ngres3 of the Uni-
now ? ® assumed that such was not
ow the-idea of a state of war on the part of the
S./e nJv?en-t' hfld the political power
and authority; for, if there was any one thing,
above all others, that was repelled and repudiated
at the time of the annexation, it was that we should
thereby acquire a war He thought that the opin-
ion did not exist with any one who favored the
measure of annexation, that we should, as a eon-
sequence of the consummation of that measure,
assume a war. Nor did he believe that such was
the opinion of the Mexican Government. He
thought that the proclamation which had just been
translated by the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, was clear and con clu-
fuVen?n ' P01nt- not the present head of
the Mexican Government assume that there was a
state of peace between the two countries? He
disclaimed clearly and distinctly the power, as the
Executive head of the Government, of putting the
nation m a state of war with the United States;
ana alluded to the assembling of a new Congress,
when the question should be referred to them. Ilo
oflered, then, as proof tha.t a state of war did not
exist, not only the American sentiment and the
sentiment of all those gentlemen who were favor-
able to annexation, but the sentiment of the chief
Executive officer of the Mexican Government; all
going to show that a state of war did not exist an-
terior to the recent acts of hostility on the bunks
of the Rio del Norte; Therefore the question was
reduced to the point whether, in consequence of
those acts of hostility, as far as we hud evidence of
them, war did exist. War, as had been justly re-
marked, was an emanation of the will of the sov-
ereign power. And lie appealed to the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
to inform them in what document could be found
the proof—for as yet no opportunity hud been af-
forded to examine the documents—that Mexico
had assented to any act of hostility which might
be denominated a state of war.
But he had risen principally for the purpose of
requesting the honorable Senator from Delaware
to withdraw his motion to strike out and insert;
because in that form the question was indivisible;
but if it were made simply to strike out, then the
question as to the matter which should be inserted
might undergo, any modification which, in this
sense of the ^Senate, seemed necessary. And he
was frank to say that in this state of the question it
was utterly repugnant to his sense of propriety mid
prudence to declare that the country was 111 a state
of war, or to recognise a state of war in any form.
It was very desirable, however, klmt our troops
should be enabled to act, and not be confined to
the left bank of the ltio Grande; for he knew well
the inefficiency of an army in the predicament in
which ours was now placed. But, to repeat what \
had already been said, suppose it should occur that i
there should be a disavowal on the part of the !
Mexican Government of the act of aggression:
where would then be the evidence of a stale of
war? In what predicament would Congress then
be placed, in case they had declared that the coun-
try was in a state of war—or had recognised the
existence of war, which was, m all respects, equiv-
alent to a declaration of war ? But lie was willing,
if there should be a necessity resulting either from
a want of disavowal or a continuance of hostili-
ties, by whicli it appeared that the sovereign au-
thority of Mexico assented to the commission of
acts of aggression, he was willing, ill such cjise,
to confide to the Executive the power of directing
the American troops to proceed to the very seat uf
empire, and he was willing' to grant all the means
that might be deemed necessary in supplies of men
and money. He hoped the honorable Senator
would withdraw his proposed amendment, and
make a motion simply to strike out.
Mr CLAYTON expressed his willingness to
make the change suggested, if any gentleman on
the other side wished it. Unless, therefore, any
Senator on the other side would prefer that the
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
799
motion should be put as he had first made it, he
would withdraw that motion, and substitute a mo-
tion to strike out only.
> Mr. McDUFI^IE said he considered it would be
in order to strike out the preamble first. There
was no rule of that or any legislative body which
sought to prevent an amendment of any part of a
bill. When amendments were reported from a
Committee of the Whole to the Senate, there might
be a rule which required that the Senate should
first take up and act upon the amendments made
in the body of the bill, and afterwards act on the
preamble; and there was sufficient reason for this,
because modifications of the bill itself might re-
quire corresponding modifications in the preamble;
but this reason did not apply here. He hoped the
first motion would be to Mrike out the pieamble.
Mr. CLAYTON said that was the motion he
had originally made, which was pronounced out of
order by the Chair.
A desultory conversation took place here be-
tween Messrs. BEVlElt, CALHOUN, C1UT-
TENDEJN, MAjNUUM, and DAVIS, which re-
lated solely to points of order.
Mr. AKCUER rose, find after alluding to the
assertion ol the fcienator from Texas that war had
existed since the annexation of Texas, said he
maintained that doctrine when the question of an-
nexation was presented. In that view lie might be
supposed to vole aguinst the motion of the Senator
hom Delaware to stnKe out. They must, as he
had bclore said, draw a line between war d? Jacto and
lie jure. The circumstances brought to their knowl-
edge satisfied him that wur ought to be declared
against Mexico, and by that act legali/.e the ueis
that have ensued the annexation ul' Texa.s to the
United Statta. lie would be entirely willing to
vote for such declaration then, because he could
not see the rectitude of granting laige sums of mo-
ney without a full recognition of us necessity and i
propriety by Government. He wished, in rela-
tion to thai and evciy war in which his country
might bo involved, to see it prosecuted with vigor
and unanimity. Many gentlemen thought that
such a state oi tilings is nut existing between this
country and Mexico as would authorize a declara-
tion oi war by the United Stales.
Mr. CALHOUN (after ascertaining that the nf
luisiun was to him) said he had not used any such
expression. He could not take on him to say, m
abuenco of necessary information, how far the
present state of things would justify the Govern-
ment in declaring war; but what he said was, that
there could be no stute of war—no declaration of
its existence made, but by the constitutional au-
thority—the Congress of the United States.
Mr. ARCHER continued to say, that on yester-
day lie spoke of war not existing dc jure, or in the
legal acceptation of the term; hut a state of war de
facto did exist; and the question to be presented,
in a fuw days, would be, were they prepared to
make that war dc facto a war de jure / ijo would
vute for the motion of the honorable Senator from
Delaware, to strike out the word " waibut he
could not do so without that avowal of his opinion
to go before the people of the United States. He
was willing to wait for advices from Mexico, and
learn what was to be the termination of the present j
stute of things-, and if it was to be war, he was for I
proieculing it with promptitude and energy, lie i
would not consent that any oiiicer, military or I
civil, uf the United Suites, should make blockades, \
throw up foitilkauous m sight of a foreign nation, j
aud excrciM-, in truth all the powers ot war, and
impose all its expenses, all its commitments, with i
foreign nations. In that state of things he would
not consent, unless it got a legal coloring from the |
United States. The Senators on the other side, in I
annexation of Texas, had declared that it was a
declaration of war. He was under that impres-
sion. He would like to have an opportunity to
examine the documents. In the meantime, he
would be happy to learn from the chairman of the
II Committee on Foreign Relations whether he was
j! right in his opinion. At any rate, he did consider
j! war existed de facto, and Government was bound
!| to adopt all necessary measures, not only to repel
j invasion, but to carry on that war. It was not
| necessary, in his opinion, to declare war; but if it
j' was, he would vote for a declaiation under the ex-
I istmg state of things.
:| Mr. PENjN'YBACKER next addressed theSen-
1; ate at some length. The principal aim of his argu-
ment was, to show that a formal declaration was
not essential to the existence of war. In support
of this, he cited a number of instances from mod-
ern history, and quoted from Vattel, from Judge
Kent's Commentaries, and the decisions of the
Knglish Admiralty, to the same end. After settling
il this point, the honorable Senator argued that, in
!; the absence of a declaration of war, it was com-
petent to judge from hostilities enacted whether
j! war existed or not. Admitting that, he proceeded
;; to review the relations between Mexico and the
j! United States, the successive events that had lead
II to the present state of things, all which proved
j that war actually does exist between the two
! countries, and that, although it might be dispensed
with, a declaration of war was desirable by the
| United States; that the people might all know
i their position; that neutral nations might conduct
, themselves suitably; and that there might be an
! open and palpable occasion shown for the voting
i1 of the supplies necessary to Us energetic prose-
I cution.
I Mr. CASS said: I do not rise to detain the Sen-
I ate long, nor to enter into any protracted discussion
| of the subject now under consideration. I have but
j little to say, and I shall say that speedily. In the
I, fust place, sir, 1 desire to answer the appeal which
; has been made to this side of the Chamber by the
j honorable Senator from Delaware, [Mr. J. M.
j Ci.ay-io.v.] lie desnes that portion of the bill
• which asserts the existence of a war between the
j United States and Mexico, brought on by the ag-
gression of the latter, should be passed by for the
present, and that we should now confine ouiselves
to a consideration of the measures necessary for the
defence of the country. For my own part I should
be happy to take the course indicated by the Sen-
ator from Delaware, and which he asks us to adopt,
were I not prevented from doing so by higher con-
siderations. If we appropriate money and raise
men for the mere purpose of repelling an invasion,
we place ourselves in the very position which the
honorable Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cal-
. HOUN,] deemed yesterday the proper one, and to
j which I then expressed, and yet feel, insuperable
! objections. A Mexican army is upon our soil.
Are we to confine our efforts to repelling them ?
this view of the question, and for the sake of una-
nimity, ought to defer to the suggestion made on
his side foi delay, and see the necessity of delib-
eration bcl'oie they put themselves lit this position
before the world.
Mr. JUlliNSON, of Louisiana, said he hud not
been able to examine the documents laid before
Congress, and wished theiefore to inquire, whether
the Mexican Government, in this correspondence
with the United States, had not, on several occa-
sions, declared that they would consider the an-
nexation of Texas a declaration of wur, arid repeat-
edly declared that, in consequence of that act, they
considered war as existing between the two Gov- !
ernments; and he was rather inclined to think that j
the Congress of Mexico, either before or since the j
i ~   ( " 'j"v" L" it-peiiing mem r
| Are we to drive them to the border, and then stop
: our pursuit, and allow them to find a refuge in their
: own territory' And what then ? To collect again
, to cross our frontier at some other point, and again
! to renew the same scenes, to be followed by a sim-
ilar immunity ? What sort of a condition of things
would this be, sir? The advantage would be alto-
gether 011 the side of the Mexicans, while the loss
would be altogether ours. Their army is main-
tamed at any rate, and it would cost them little
more to renew and continue these border contests
than to keep their troops in their cantonments,
while we must spread troops along our border, and
hold them in readiness to meet these invasions at
whatever point they may be attempted. Now, sir,
, no vote of mine shall place my country in this sit-
I uation. And besides, these Mexican hostilities
will not be confined to operations by land. Are
we to suffer their privateers to spread themselves
ovci the ocean, to capture our sailors and vessels,
and to ruin our commerce? This state of things)
I, for one, am disposed to meet with promptitude
and energy. Mexico has attacked the United'
States—has placed herself in a belligerent attitude
And now let her take the'consequences of her own
aggression. For these reasons, sir, while we pro-
vide for the defence of the country, 1 am for making:
the defence effectual by not only driving off the
enemy, but by following them into their own ter-
ritory, and by dictating a peace even m the capital
if it be necessary. r '
But, sir, why does the honorable Senator from
