THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PR! NT ED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY -14, 1846.
New Series....No. 51.
pvh&it ™ ' :s^klng/or fW«h?r evidence, we shall
n S6 ? and oond«ct whose effects will
fotnrl mse n® "P°" ma"y a chaPter o{ our
future history. Our institutions have no admirers
Among the, monarchical and aristocratical Govern-
ments of the Old" World. Our condition and prog-
?s are a standing reproach to many of the politi-
cal principles which are there practically adopted,
lhis new doctrine of a balance of power on the
American continent is an unerring indication of
what they apprehend and' what they design. We
have but one safe course before us. Let us pjut
forth our whole strength. Let us organize a force
that will leave no doubt as to the result. Let us
enter the; Mexican territory, and conquer a peace
at the point of the bayonet. Let us move on, till
we meet reasonable proposals from the Mexican
tiovernment; and if these are not met this side of
tlie capital, let us take possession of the city of
Montezuma, and dictate our own conditions. And
1 tiust those conditions will be honorable and rea-
sonable. If all this is done soon, it will bo well
done. But if delayed, thcro will be other parties
than Mexico who will soon mingle themselves in
this affair; and the consequences may be felt
throughout the civilized world. I am not afraid to
trust the President with the necessary power to
vindicate the country, and defend its honor. I be-
lieve he will execute his duties ably and patrioti-
cally. Before I conclude, I beg leave to tender my
distinguisliod Senator from Texas,
[Mr. Houston,] for the patriotic sentiments he
has this day uttered. He lias shown us that ho is
as able to advocate the rights of his country in
counsel as to maintain them in arms. His name
is connected with one of those imperishable deeds
which connect themselves with the fate of nations.
He led the forces of his adopted country upon that
day which secured their independence, and broke
the power of Mexico. He had the rare good for-
tune to overthrow a hostile army, and to capture
the Chief Magistrate of a hostile nation. The Ro-
mans would have given him an ovation. We will
give him what is better than that for a republican
—a hearty reception among us, and the tribute of
our thanks for his worth and services.
Mr. BERRIEN replied: If it were true, as had
been stated by the Senator, that the destiny of Ibis
country for a century depended on this question,
surely that was not any argument against due de-
liberation. It is too untruly represented to-day to
justify me in recording my vote in silence. If the
bill provided for a declaration of war, the argu-
ment of the gentleman might be, quite pertinent
and proper. But that is not the question. No
declaration of war is proposed by the bill. It
proposes to recognise the existence of an antece-
dent state of war. I oppose the bill, first, because
inconsistent with the truth; and, secondly, because
it involves consequences not to be properly-haz-
arded by the exigency of the case. We are, ac-
cording to the bill, in a state of war without the
constitutional action of either Government. How
then ? Must it not follow that the President of the
United States and the President of Mexico have
power to declare war? Is that true ? You have
it from both the gentlemen [Messrs. Pennybacker
and Cass] that the power to declare war is vested
in the Congress of both nations. They have failed
in showing that any modification in the law of na-
tions justifies their assertion that war docs actually
exist.' There was no analogy in the case put by
the Senator [Mr. Cass] of the bombardment of
an English port by the United States fleet. We
deny that war exists; we admit the existence of
hostilities—the power of this Government to repel
them. But whether these hostilities are the act
of the Mexican nation, or even of the Mexican
President, we are utterly uninformed. The Sen-
ator [Mr. Cass] states truly the law of nations
•with regard to hostilities. They are to be repelled
at once. A formal declaration of war is not neces-
sary. Suppose the Mexican general did not act
under the authority of the constituted authorities
of Mexico: would war exist even on the suppo-
sition of the Senator from Michigan ? Certainly
not But he says the Mexican army has crossed
51
the boundary of the United States. Is he pre- Ij which they would not desire -to he employed
pared to show that the Del Norte is the bound- l| agaiiist them. Let them -reeojtecf that the day
arv? j might come when the majoftty ^ould be on his
Mr, CASS explained. His idea was that the h side of the Chamber. It might be that after ex-
Mexicans had no right to attack the United States l<: amining the documents, he (Mr..C.) would be wil-
troops on that side of the river. Ji ling to vote a declaration of war. ^ But he could
Mr. BERRIEN. The, proposition of the Senator j | not assent to that without examination-—without a
is that war exists. How does he prove it? Why, r fair opportunity of forming a judgment.
by the presence of a Mexican army around the !! Mr. HOUS-TON asked the Senator from Dela-
United States army. Does he not thus decide !j ware what evidence would satisfy him of the ex-
tlie question of boundary? No. I beg to ask J' istence of a state of war.
how that possession was acquired, and by whom? i: Mr. .T. M. CLAYTON replied, that authentic
It was by the march of the United States army | evidence of the fact that the hostilities had been
into the territory. If conceding that it was a dis- j sanctioned by the Mexican authorities would sat-
putod territory, the right of Mexico was equal I; isfy him. But thcic was no such evidence before
with that of the United States to enter the territory, j' them now. It was a common thing for the Mexi-
If our possession was derived from marching our ij can Government to disavow the acts of their gen-
army there, cannot .Mexico exercise the same !j erals. A general committed an act to-day which
right? Does priority in an act of hostility vest the Government disavowed to-morrow. If, after
a national right? 1 he argument of the Senator i| a declaration of war, or a recognition of a state of
is, that the march of the Mexican army was an |: war by the Congress of the United States, intclli-
act of hostility. If so, I have demonstrated that 1 gence should be received of the fact that the Mexi-
the march of the United States army was an equal • can Government had disavowed the act of their
aet of hostility. War docs not, then, exist by any military officers on the Rio Grande, how mortified
act of the constituted authorities, in whose hands I1 would they all be, and how much would they re-
alone is the power to create war. In every aspect gret that they had not waited'until they themselves
of the subject the proposition of the Senator
unsustained, and we are not subject to the impu-
tation of maintaining the ridiculous position that
we are not competent to stop at the llio Grande,
mid refrain from repelling invasion. The question
whether the, hostilities committed by the Mexican
army against our army arc. to be repelled, is an-
other and different question. 1 hold that there is
nothing clearer than that such invasion may be re-
pelled by the most powerful ohmiis, by the purMiit ' phraseology of the bill,
of the invaders, and by all possible ami necessary ' time for verbal criticism,
meanf? to make the repulsion effectual, and for
purposes of chastisement. A declaration of wai-
ls not necessary for the purpose of arming us with
all necessary power to repel the invasion, and pun-
ish the Aggression. If recognised by the Govern-
ment of Mexico, then war does exist; if not, the
bad decided, after deliberate examination, instead
of precipitately rushing on a declaration of war.
Mr. HOUSTON again rose,but yielded to—-
Mr. WESTCOTT, who rose amid loud cries of
" question," said that, had lie been called upon to
vote on this hill on yesterday, he believed he should
have voted against it. But calm and cool reflec-
tion since then had convinced him it was his duty
to vote for it. He did not entirely approve of the
This was, however, no
Immediate, prompt, de-
cisive action was demanded. His objection to the
bill was not that which had been urged. It was
emirely different, lie was not disposed (as this
bill seemed to do) to throw upon Mcxico the com-
mencement of this war. Pie preferred that this
Government, instead of the declaration in this bill,
hostility will have been committed by an officer of !j that " war existed," and " by the act of Mexico,"
the Mexican army, and no war will exist between
the two countries. Now I ask what will be the
consequences of the recognition of a state of war?
The Senator has alluded to the withdrawal of the
Mexican Minister, and the rejection of ours. But
has not our commerce with Mexico been undis-
turbed? The presumption of the Senator, then,
is refuted by the continuance of the discharge of
the functions of our consuls. The rejection or
withdrawal of a Minister is no evidence'of the ex-
istence of any war—it ufibrds no presumption of
such a state of war. But 1 was about to allude,
to the consequences of a recognition of the exist-
ence of war. At once an end would be put to the
| subsisting treaties. Most conveniently for Mex-
should make an independent, affirmative, positive,
and unequivocal declaration of War against that
Government. He felt assured that the past con-
duct of Mexico towards the United States, ever
since Mexico had claimed to be a distinct nation,
if fairly exhibited to the civilized world, would
fully justify such declaration. Yes, Mr. President,
(said'Mr. W.,) if the soldiers of Mexico had not
invaded Texas during the last month—if tlicy had
not murdered Colonel Cross—if they had not killed
Lieutenant Porter—if tlicy had not attacked Har-
dee and Thornton—nay, if her present rulers were
now to apologize and atone for these acts, there is
ample cause for our declaring war against her to
be found in her past course towards us. Sir, we
ico, the accumulated claims of our citizens would || have been most forbearing towards Mexico. We.
be obliterated—the property and lives of our citi-|j have allowed our feelings for a neighboring sister
'/ens in Mexico would bo ut her mercy. It is said <; republic to restrain us from demanding and enfor-
tliat Mexican privateers may be already on the ! eing long ago reparation for her insults and out-
seas. That cannot be, unless the hostilities have
been recognised by the Government. The evi-
dence thus far is otherwise. The Mexican Gov-
ernment will be answerable for every aggression
upon our commerce, if made, before a declaration
of war. And for what are all these consequences
to be incurred ? Why, that we may chastise the .
Mexican army, and Mcxico in all her parts and j
portions if she avows the act. But in absence of
all evidence that this is the act of Mexico—with
evidence looking the other way—is it proper, is it
wise, is it justifiable in us, to make a premature
declaration that war does exist?
Mr, J. M. CLAYTON rose to reply to the Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. C\ss.] lie appealed to
the. opposite side, and asked them to wait at least
till the evidence transmitted by the President was
printed. The Senator from Michigan said he was
satisfied of the fact. But he was satisfied without
evidence—with nothingbutnewspaperreports. He
was willing to " go it blind." lie contended that
there was no evidence before them to enable them
to make up an honest opinion on the subject. He
hoped that the majority would not exercise a power
rages. The American people would not have sub-
mitted to the indignities they have patiently en-
dured from Mexico, from any other Government
on God's earth. They would have risen as one,
man to repel them years since. This forbearance
has but emboldened Mexico to further wrong.
Iler rulers have mistaken our sympathy for her
difficulties and misfortunes, and our consideration
of her weakness, for pusillanimity. It is time
they should be undeceived. The world has been
imposed upon with rcspcct to the true onuses
of difference between Mexico and the United
States. The rccent occurrences are but a drop
in the bucket. Mexico has artfully sought to
create the impression that what she calls the
" spoliation" of Texas is the origin and cause
of these difficulties. Sir, (said Mr. W.,) before
the Texas revolution, she had outraged our flag
in her own ports, and on the high'seas in the
Gulf. She had robbed and imprisoned our citizens,
and even our diplomatic and consular agents in her
jurisdiction were outraged and insulted in a manner
which, by the acknowledged laws of nations,
afforded to us just cause for declaring war against
