802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12
her. But we forcbore to resort to this mode of re-
dress. We negotiated a treaty m ith her, by which
she engaged to indemnity our citizens. She plight-
ed her faith as? a nation to do them justice—to pay
■for her spoliations of their property and outrages
of their rights. Has she done so? No, sir! No,
sir! She has ignomimously violated her plighted
faith to them and to this Government. She has
dishonorably within Id from us the debt she en-
£n«'ed to pay for their benefit. The President, in
hi? message, states that these spoliation claims
amount to upwards of $6,000,000. I believe, sir,
that $7,000,000 would nut indemnify those Ameri-
can eiuy.ens who have suiFercd from the wrongs
and outrages of that Government. She ought m
justice to pay that amount, and this Government
should compel her to pay it. Without referring to
her insults to our flag—the insults to our diplo-
matic and consular agents, or even the imprison-
ment of some of them and other Atnei ican citizens,
we can find in her course with respect to the in-
demnity for these spoliations, and in the gross in-
dignity cast in the teeth of the American people,
in the treatment of their commissioned Minister,
(Mr. Slide!!,) this winter, after her invitation to
send him, as all Christendom would say, just
cause for an affirmative declaration of war against
her. Sir, (said I\ir. W.,) lam not for temporizing
—for any half-way measures. I am m favor of
such declaration; and, without refeienee to iceent
occurienccs, I should he in favor of it. 1 eaio not
if the military chief who has usurped the reins of
power m Mexico—1 care not if its Congress should
disavow the acts of Generals Ampudia and Arista
—if it should disgrace and punish these officers for
their recent acts in the State of Texas—still, causes
winch would weigh with me as sufficient to justify
this declaration., were not removed. Doubtless her
rulers are instigated by the emissaries of other
Governments inimical to u*\ Their influences can-
not be concealcd. They aic manifest. They will
not deter me in the least dt^ree from pursuing the
path that I believe the honor of my country re-
quires me to follow.
Mr. President, I coincide fully in the distinction
maintained on yesterday by the honorable Sena-
tor from South Carolina [Mr. CaxhqunJ between
mere hostilities and war, according to the meaning
of the Federal Constitution. No hostilities can be
recognised as war by this Government, unless they
have been declared by Congress to constirute war.
1 hold, too, that it is important this distinction
should be maintained; as otherwise the arts of the
Executive may create war, and the wise constitu-
tional provision, placing the power of declaring
war exclusively in Congress, will be a dead letter.
I am, however, for Congress in this ease exer-
cising its constitutional power. As I have before
said, I should, after calm deliberation on the sub-
ject, prefer an affiimative, unequi\oral declaration
of war; but I am not disposed to be fastidious as
to the mode. I should prefer a manifesto, stating
our grievances to the world. Hut the cjfcct of tins
bill, if it is passed, will l c the same as if it was
such affirmative declaration. The act of June 18,
1812, declared " war to exist against Great Brit-
ain;" and this bill recites that " it does exist by
the act of Mcxico." The eileet is the essential
part of the matter.
Mr. W. said he was in favor of the declaration
of war; bccause he did not believe that hostilities
could be as efficiently, effectually, and successfully
carried on by the Executive, without if as with it.
I concur (said Mr. W.) in the opinions advanced
on this point by the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. PennyF,ackkit,] and other Senators.
Without it, and without the express authority
of Congress, the President cannot issue commis-
sions to privateers—issue letters of marque and
reprisal—cannot authoii^e the blockade of the
Mexican ports—cannot authorize the capture of
Mexican vessels on the high sens as prizes of
war. Without such declaration, Mexicans taken
in arms, after defeat in attacking our citizens or
soldiers, cannot be held by the Executive authority
as prisoners of war—treason in aiding her troops
may even go unpunished; and, above all, without
it the observance of the duties of other nations
towards us. the duty of neutrality, so likely to be
violated, could not be properly enforced. With-
out such declaration, Mexico may be supplied
with arms, ammunition, and munitions of war by
other nations; and if captured, they would not be
liable to forfeiture as (t contraband of war." The
declaration of war will in every way strengthen
the Executive arm in this contest—at home, abroad,
on the field of contest, and in these halls. It will
increase the efficiency of the supplies of men and
money we propose to give threefold. It will con-
vince the world we are in earnest in this matter.
Other nations may profit by the information.
Even if this matter with Mexico should be set-
tled in a month, the money we expend in warlike
preparations may not be spent unproiitably. If
war is formally declared, the contest with Mexico
must be carried on by the rules of civilized war-
fare—by the acknowledged laws of war. I prefer
this to the quasi piratical Indian contest, which it
will otherwise become. The rules of civilized war
are well known. In this age, every nation must
obey them. If war is formally declared, and
Mcxico should, by its favorable fortune to her
arms, have the power to perpetrate a repetition of
the atrocities of the Alamo and Goliad, she daro
not do so in the face of the civilized world. I re-
peat, therefore, that I shall go for this part of this
hill, and am prepared to sit here till it is passed.
Alteration will make delay, and expedition is all-
important.
I do not approve of that part of this bill which
gives the President the power to select the princi-
pal officers of the volunteer militia. Was it a new
question, 1 should be inclined to regard the consti-
tutional objection raised to it as a very serious
one: hut I am disposed to yield to the precedents
of 1812 and 1813 in its favor. I should be better
satisfied to leave the power to the State authorities.
The volunteers will be better satisfied. They will
be jealous of officers of Federal appointment. But
this objection 1 will forego, for the purpose of se-
curing immediate action on the hill, that troops may
be sent forthwith to the field, and the honor, and in-
terests, and rights, of the country maintained.
Mr. CRITTENDEN hoped that the emergency
would not be found so pressing as some Senators
appeared to suppose. lie had great confidence in
the officer commanding the forces on the Rio
Grande, and was pretty confident that, in eight-and-
forty hours after the date of last advices, it would
be found that the general commanding had whipped
the Mexicans, driven them across the river, and
was in the town of Matamoras. He might be
wrong, but that was his speculation. Still he ad-
mitted that they were not to act under such a sup-
position. They were to act with the least possi-
ble delav consistent with order and propriety, lie
\va<!, to a great extent, prepared to vote for the sup-
plies—not indeed so advisedly as he would have
desiicd. One thing was certain—that there had
been, to some extent, a conflict on the Rio Grande
between the troops of the two countries. To whose
fault that was to be ascribed he could not now say;
but he feared that when that matter was investi-
gated, it would be found that he would not be able
to regard with entire approbation the conduct of
the Executive, tie saw no reason for the.advance
of the troops to the Rio Grande—for the hazard-
ing of those consequences which every sensible
man must have foreseen. It was not for a moment
to be imagined that the angry armies of two angry
and quarrelling nations should, day after day, face
each other with cannons pointed at each other, and
only a fordable river between them, and conflict
not result. It was conceded that this was disputed
terntoiy. What light had the United States to
take, possession of it ? Had not the other disputing
claimant an equal right? But he would not pros-
ecute that view of the subject at present. He was
willing to consider the exigency as urgent as they
pleased, and to make adequate preparation. As it
was the wish of some Senators to rest with that in
the meantime, he should be entirely content with
that course, but he did not know that he wquld be
willing to limit the Government to repelling inva-
sion. Perhaps he would be satisfied with an ex-
pression of what he meant by repelling invasion.
Tie meant by that,pursuing, beating down, till the
borders were freed from danger of a repetition of !
the invasion.
A SENATOR. «That would be war."
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No; there was a shade
of difference—a very perceptible one. He believed
it was indispensable policy to make the war as
sharp and short as possible. If it lingered one year
it would not be a Mexican war. With a straw
you could kindle a fire to burn down a city. In
this connected condition of the world war was felt
everywhere. War could not be made with Mexico
without touching the interests and exciting the jeal-
ousies of all nations trading with us. Great'con-
sequences might be involved in that war. He
would therefore make" it as compendious-as possi-
ble. He would even, jf he had his wayvsend a
Minister Plenipotentiary "with the General, and be-
tween every blow hold out the offer of peace. He
would be willing to give the means to the President
for the purpose of repelling invasion, and otherwise
prosecuting hostilities, till the peace of the country
be secured from the danger of further invasion. All
the time he would give notice of peace by the Min-
ister going along with the General. Thus limited,
he was assured they would get any amount of mil-
itary force. He would move to strike out and in-
sert something like that which he had suggested.
After-expressing his dissatisfaction, with the pre-
amble, of which he saw no necessity—there was
none in the declaration of war in 1812—the honor-
able Senator resumed his seat.
Mr. CALHOUN then rose and said: Senators
have not made the distinction—an obvious one—
between the fact, whether there be war, and the act
of declaring war. All admitted that there was no
war connccted with this invasion-which gave them
a right to declare war. War was an act of hostility,
which came from the sovereign power. As a mere
matter of truth or falsehood, he could not vote for
the bill. As men, and as patriots, he appealed to
the Senators whether they ought not to remove this
impediment, provided its removal would not de-
stroy the efficiency of the bill. They ought to ac-
commodate those who thought with him. Was ifc
not desirable to have a strong vote ? Why, then,
not remove this impediment to a strong vote ?
There could be but one objection, and that was*
that it would render the bill less efficient. - But
could that objection be entertained by any one?
He now came to make some remarks on the speech
of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden.]
He had made a suggestion which seemed to remove
every objection. It gave this bill all possible effi-
ciency—ability to prosecute the hostilities not
merely to the frontier, but beyond it. They could
do no more than that. But since some gentlemen
arounji him seemed to say that there was war* he
would allude to.that, The difference between the
existing state of things was as wide as the poles.
War placed every member of this community at
war with every member of the Mcxican communi-
ty. But it did not end there—it created new rela-
tions between this country and all other Powers,
and amongst these relations was the right of block-
ade—interfering with the nations'of the world, and
tending to bring us into conflict with them. The
moment war wasdcclared privateering commenced,
and swarms of privateers were let loose upon our
extended commerce. And more than that, any
mode of adjustment was set aside except that by a
treaty of peacc. Why, in the name of all that is
reasonable, he asked, would they rush at once to
the ultimate resort? Suppose this turned out to be
a case in which war ought to be declared, after ex-
amination of all the documents: let the declaration
be made in due form and with becoming dignity—
not in this side-way, as if they were afraid to do it.
Let them show a front to the world, such as was
becoming the character of the nation. In the pres-
ent condition of the world, war was a tremendous
thing. The whole sentiment of the civilized world
was turning stronger and stronger against war.
And let us not, (said Mr. C.,) for the honor of our
country—for the dignity of the Republic—be the
first to create a state of war. Mortal man cannot
see the end of it. When I look on and see that
we are rushing upon the most tremendous event, I
am amazed. I am more than amazed; I am in a
state of wonder and deep alarm. This is not the
tone of character to go into war. They who go
into war in this manner—as if seeking a divisive
course—cannot expcct to succeed. It is a hasty,
thoughtless course. I do not wish to use any words
in an offensive sunse—but with all possible empha-
sis, I evhort you to avoid even the appearance of
precipitancy, or want of that deep reflection and
profound meditation which alone can guide you to
a successful issue.
Mr. ALLEN here said he would not protract
the discussion. There were certain great fticts in
this case which no arguments could set aside. Our
friendly relations with Mexico had been interrupt-
ed by her own acts. She had recalled her Minister,
literally expelled ours, and had invaded our soil
with her armies. These facts -nothing could set
