804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May m
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, said that Mex-
ico claims the whole of Texas. We cannot go
to Mexico, therefore, to ask about our boundaries.
She denies the existence oi such a fctate as lexas.
We so to Texas to inquire about the boundary.
Mr. BERRIEN" said that, m the debates on the
annexation of Texas, the question of the true
boundary was one of much doubt and difficulty.
It was difficult to understand whether the Nueces
or the Ilio Grande was the boundary between
Texas and Mexico; and the section referred to was
added by the Senate for this very reason. It was
to settle this disputed boundary that the amend-
ment referred to was made.
Mr. AUC1JER said the hill to be reported by
the Committee on Foreign Relations would proba-
bly contain the same preamble. Why, then, re-
fuse to strike out the preamble from this bill, there-
by securing a full vote ? This would not prevent
the adoption of the same preamble in another bill,
which amounts to the same thing. This pre-
amble properly belongs to a bill to be reported
from the Committee on Foreign Relations decla-
ring war.
The yeas and nays were then taken on Mr.
Huntington's motion to siiike out the preamble;
winch was decided as follows;
VEAS—Mivms, Archer, I?at row, Bemen, Calhoun, Thos.
ton, John M. Cla> ton, Corwm, Unttriwlen, Davis, Day-
ton, Evain, Huntington, JVJeDulhc, Maugum, Moichead,
Simmons, Upham, and Woodhrid o—18.
NAYS-—Me*«sr<. Allen, A«hloy, Atehi-on, Athorton, ]>:i£j-
by, Kenton, Breese, firight, Cameron, Cass, Colquitt, Dix,
Uownton, Jarnaipn, Jeimess Johiw>n of Mainland, John-
hon of Iiouihiana, Lewis, Niks, Pennyb.icker, ttuflc, Bcm-
ple, Sevier, Speight, Sturgeon, Tumov, Westcott, and Yu-
loo-28.
No other amendment being- proposed, the bill
was reported to the Senate from the committee, of
the whole.
The amendments made in committee were then
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
Several Senators calling for the immediate third
reading of the bill, and no objection being made
thereto, it was so read.
The PRESIDENT then proceeded to put the
question, " Shall this bill pass
Mr. CRITTENDEN noped that the question
might l)e *o put as to divide the preamble from the
bill. The question might first be taken on the
passage of the bill, without the preamble, and the
preamble could be voted for separately. Thin
would secure a large vote for the parage of the bill.
Mr. SEVIER said the preamble was only the
title of the bill.
The PRESIDENT said, it is the opinion of the
Chair that the preamble is a part of the bill, and
that it cannot be divided. ,
Mr. CRITTENDEN Raid, now 1 want to vote
for the bill, and I trust that by unanimous consent
of the Senate the question may be taken on the
bill and on the preamble separately.
Mr. CALHOUN would not vote for it, with or
without the preamble. It is a solemn declaration
of war to Mexico and to the world. This was
taking a step of which he could not approve.
When his name should be called, therefore, he
would remain silent.
Mr. UPHAM wished to vote for the hill, but he
could not vote for the preamble. He had not in-
formation to enable him to vote for the preamble,
and he could not vote what he did not know.
Mr. DAYTON made a similar statement.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said the question might be
put, " Shall the bill pass?" Make that the ques-
tion, without the preamble, and he was willing and
anxious to vote for it. He would not vote for the
preamble.
Mr. BREESE said that if the question could not
be divided unless by unanimous consent of the
Senate, he would object.
Mr. MANGUM asked the President whether
he and other Senators could vote for the bill with a
protest against the preamble, and whether that pro-
test would be put on the Journal.
Mr. SPEIGHT said that there was a precedent
for entering a protest on the Journal.
Mr. CRITTENDEN appealed to the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. BrseseJ to withdraw his objec-
tion. After a pause, Mr. O. asked, Docs the Sen-
ator yield his objection ?
Mr. BREESEl said, if the course indicated by
the Senator from Kentucky was pursued, it would
make the bill so unmeaning that he himself should
be unwilling to vote for it; and the time for amend-
ing it had, by the rules of the Senate, passed. The
preamble gave point and meaning to the bill, and it
was now by a vole of the Senate a partof the bill.
The fate of the bill might be endangered if this
course was pursued.
Mr. CHITTENDEN pledged himself that he
would move to reconsider, if there was any danger
like that which the Senator from Illinois appre-
hended.
Mr. BREESE then withdrew his objection.
The PRESIDENT then stated that, by unani-
mous consent of the Senate, the question would be,
Shall the bill pass without the preamble ? ,
Mr. 13 AGrBY could not conscnt to have the ques-
tion put in this way. He could not vote for the bill
without the preamble.
Mr. CRITTENDEN suggested to the Chair
that the question might be put somewhat differently
from the form in which it had been stated.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON saw no difficulty in vo-
ting for the bill itself, first, without the preamble,
and then for the preamble.
Mr. BAGI5V said, if it was put in this form, ho
would have to vote against the bill, while he wish-
ed to vote for it.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON thought that the Senator
from Alabama might vote for the bill without the
preamble, and vote for the preamble afterward.
Mr. R. JOHNSON said that the Senator from
Alabama could have no more difficulty in voting
for the bill and the preamble separately than he
could have for voting for different sections of
the bill separately.
The yeas and nays were called for and ordered.
Mr. MOIi.EHKA.JJ suggested that the question
might be taken without the yeas and nays. There
was evidently a largo majority for the bill, and it
would bo, better not to have the nays recorded.
Mr. MANGUM had made up his mind to vote
for the bill, but be entered his most solemn pro-
test against the hasty declaration of the preamble,
about the existence of war, and he would ask the
Senate that that protest might be entered on the
Journal.
Messrs. J-M. CLAYTON aid DAYTON en-
tered similar protests.
The question, " Shall the bill pass?" was then
put, and resulted as follows:
YRAS—Mom-?. Alien, Arohct, A*hlev, Atchison, Ath-
eiton, Kayhy, liairow, Benton, liivese, Bii«ht, Cameron.,
Cus-\ John M. Chuton, Colquitt, Coivwn, Crittenden,
Dayton, Div, Houston, .hnnaum, Jeiiness--, Johnson o(
Man land, Johnson of Loin-tuna, Lewi", MH)ulht*,
Mrnunim, Mom lie.nt, Nile*, P< mi vhnekei, lin^k, tfemple,
Sevier, Simmon:-, Speight, Stmgeon, Turney, Uphuin,
VVe-tt otf, Wondbnd^r, and Yuh*e—10.
NAYS—j\Te«<rs. Thorns Clayton and Davis—15.
[Senators Beetiikn, Calhoun, and Ev\ns,hein£r
in their scats, did not vote. Tiie other members,
■whose names arc not recorded above, were ab-
sent.]
"When Mr. Crittenden's name was called, he
voted "ay, except the preamble." So also did
Mr. Upjiam.
The bill was then read by its title, and passed in
the following form:
AN ACT providing for the prosecution of the existing war
between tbo United Suites and the Republic of Mexieo.
Whereas by the act of the Republic of Mexieo, a state of
war exists between ihni Government rind the United Stales:
Be it enacterf by Ihe Senate caul ITome of Representatives
of the United Stales of .Qrnerxca 111 C^n«rcss <memt>led, That,
for the purpose of enabling the Govermm nt of the United
Stiller to prosecute said war to a speedy and sncce^ful ter-
mination, the President lie, and he in hotoby, authorised to
employ the militia, naval, and miiifcuy foiees of the United
States,and to call loi and aeeept the seiviees ofanvnumber
of volunteei-, not exceeding lifty thousand, who may oiler
thou service-*, mher a=; cavalry, artillciy, or riflemen, to
nerve twelve months aflcr they fhnlt have arrived at the
place of rendezvous, or to the end of the wai, unless sooner
discharged, accoub <  to the time for which ihey shall have
been nnutered into seivice; and that the Mitnot ten mil-
lions ofdollaisout of any money m the Trea^uiy, or to come
into the Treasury, not othei wu-e nppropiiated, be, and the
same hoiehy, apppropii-ited, for the purpose of carrying
the provisions ol tins act into elFeet.
Skc. 2. Jtrul be it further ciU'ded, That the militia, when
called into the service of the United Suites by virtue of this
act. or any otl'ei art, may, if in the opinion of the Picsidcrit
of the United States the public inteiest requires it, be com-
pelled to =erve lor a teim not exceeding six months, after
their aniv.il nt the place of lendczvous, in any one year,
unless sooner dNcharued.
Rec.3. Ac it further cmetc-l, That the <?aid volun-
teers shall furnish their own clothes, and, if cavalry, their
own hoi^es, and hoist* equipments; and when  m-.tcn>d
into service, shall be armed at the expense of the United
States,
Src. -1. Jlrid be it further cv-icfed, That said volunteers
shall, when called into actual service, and while remaining
therein, be subject to therulcs and articles of war, and,shall
be in all respects, except as to clothing and pay, placed on
the same footing with similar corps of the United States
army; and,, ill lieu of clothing, every non-eommissi<3ned
officer and private in any company who may thus offer him-
self shall be entitled, when called into .actual service, to re-
ceive in money a sum equal.to the cost of clothing- of a non-
commissioned officer or private (as the ease may be) in-the
regular troops of the United States*
Sec. 5. Jlnd be.it further enacted, TJiat the said volun-
teers so offering tjieir services shall be accepted bytbe Pres-
ident in companies, battalions, .squadrons, and regiments,
whose officers shall be appointed in the manner prescribed
by law in the several States-and Territories to which sneh
companies, battalions, squadrons, and regiments, shall re-
specrivcly belong.
Sec. 6. ./hid be. il further enacted, Thatthe President of the
United States be, and be is hereby, authorised to organize
companies so tendering their services into ftattaftons or
squadronsj battalions and squadrons iaito regiments; regi-
ments into brigades, and brigades into divisions, as soon as
the number of volunteers shall render such organization, in
his judgment, expedient; aud the President shall, if neces-
sary, apportion the staff, field, and general officers among
the respective States and Territories from which the volun-
teers shall tender their service?, as he may deem proper.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the volunteers who
mav bo received into the serviee of the United States by
virtue of the provisions of this net, and whoshall be wound-
ed or otherwise disabled in the service, shall be entitled to
all the benefit which maybe conferred on persons wounded
in the service of the United States.
See. 8. Jlnd heitfivrther enacted, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized forthwith to
complete all the public armed vessels now authorized by
law, and to purchase or charter, arm, equip, and man such
merchant vessels and steamboats as, upon examination, may
be found fit, or easilyeonverted into armed voxels fit (or the
public service, and in such number as he may deem neces-
sary lor the protection .of the seaboard, lake coast, and the
general defence- of the country.
Sec. 9. Jimlbe it further enacted. That, whenever the mili-
tia or volunteers arc called and received into the service, of
i the United States, uhdei the piovibions of this act, they bhall
j have the organization of the army of the United States, and
; shall have the same pay and allowances; and all mounted
j pnvat"s, non-commissioned officers, mnsiei&ns and artifi-.
i oerp, shall be allowed 40 cents per day fbr the use and risk
i of their hordes, except of horsef* actually killed in action ;
1 and if any mounted volunteer, nori -commissioned officer,
; niu-ieiniijOi private, shall not keep himself provided with a
! Seiviceablo horse, &aid volunteer shall serve on foot.
| The Senate, then, at half past six o'clock, ad-
ijourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 12, 1846.
The. Journal of yesterday having been read, (ex-
cept as to so mucn as embraced the reports from
committees, the reading whereof was dispensed
with,)
Mr. WINTIIROP rose to a corrcction. lie
found himself reported (he said) in both the morn-
ing papers as having voted against the motion to
increase the pay of the infantry, &c., from eight
dollars to ten dollars per month. He had voted in
the affirmative; and as he supposed that the lists of
yeas and nays had been taken from the Journal,
the error, he presumed, must have originated there.
The Journal having been ordered to be so amend-
ed as to conform to the fact stated by Mr. Win-
throp, was approved.
The Chair was occupied by Mr. Hopkins, of
Virginia, the Speaker being present in the Hall,
but suffering under severe indisposition.
SAPPERS, MINERS, AND PONTONIERS.
Mr. BURT, under instructions from the Com-
mittee on Military AfTaiis, asked the House to
take up and dispose of another bill which, he said,
was necessary in the exigency which had arisen.
With that view he moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
And the motion having been agreed to,
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Norrts, of
New Hampshire, in the chair,) and took up the hill
(from the Senate) to provide for the organization of
a company of sappers, miners, and pontoniers.
The bill was read, and also an amendment (pro-
posed by the Committee on Military Affairs of this
House) substituting in the -Gth section the figurfe 6
(in the year) instead of 7, so as to read 1846.
The amendment (after a word of explanation by
' Mr. BURT) was agreed to.
Mr. BURT moved that the committee rise-and
; report the bill and amendment to th.e House;
I Mr. GIDDINGS said, the object of this bill was
to increase the standing army of* the United States.
The House had yesterday passed a bill authori-
zing an increase in the military force of the United
States, to the extent of fifty thousand vojtmteers.
From the very commencement of "his term of ser-
