1843.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
ago, that our title to the Rio del Norte was as well founded
as tt was to the island of New Orleans."
Mr. Chairman, (continued Mr. T.,) these au-
thorities to w.hifth I have referred, show incontest-
able^ that by no patriot of any party in this coun-
try was our title to the Rid del Norte ever doubted
prior to the cession of that territory to Spain. They
show what was the ancient boundary of Texas;
and at that time it'~was never disputed—among
Americans, at least—-that the lower Del Norte was
the western boundary of Texas. Well, in addi-
tion to this, in 1836, the Texans themselves de-
clared, in their organic law, that the Rio del Norte
was their western boundary, and after Santa Aria
was captured, in the agreement between him and
the Texan Government, it was conccdcd by him
th'atthc Rio del Norte was the western boundary
of Texas, and that the troops of the Moxicans
should be withdrawn from that country to the west
of the Rio del Norte.
Mr. SEVERANCE agnin interposed, anil in-
quired if that act of Santa'Ana was not disavowed
by Mexico?
Mr. TIBBATTS replied, just in the same msn-
■ ner in which Spain disavowed the act ofO'Donohu,
the Spanish general, by which the independence of
Mexico had been acknowledged; but the Mexicans
have insisted on it, and-claimed that acknowlcdg-
merit to be sufficient.
By the 3d article of the. treaty of May 14, 183(>,
(continued Mr. T.,) between Santa Ana and the
Texan Government, it is declared: Mexican
i troops will evacuatc the territory ot
' ing lo the other siile of the ltio Orande del Jyorlt,
And they did evacuate that country, sir, (•■«"<
Mr. T.,) and they have never reoeeupicd it; and
the Texans have held that country from that day
lo this.
The country between the Nueces and the Kio
del Norte composes a country, or part of a coun-
try—a part of the organizational' the State ol
Texas. It is a part of a congressional district that
will shortly be represented on this floor—the mem-
ber so to represent which is already elected. X lie
Congress of the United States have themselves re-
cognised this fact, by llie passage of an not estab-
lishing; a port of entry on this very territory, anil
by the extension, by this very Congress, without
a dissenting voice, of the revenue laws of this Gov-
ernment over that very territory.
Thus, sir, has the President of the United Slates
brought on this war. Has he, by giving orilcvtUo
General Taylor to occupy the, left bank of the Urn
del 'Norte, transcended his e,on ntuU<mal dutus to
his country? And has he, by this acU ''"I'"'!"] f
brought a war upon this country ? Oi Imn that
war been brought upon us by the invasion of (Hw
the territory of the United Stales by Mexican
forccs > This is the question; and it wenm to
in the face pf these facts, no ll"ubt
for a moment as to who has caused this \wu .
Wlux^hen, is the otate of the case? We are
invaded by the Mexican army-our territory is
invaded. Is Mexico in a suite oi wavv,ilU us.
Why, no man can doubt it; no man eand,ull,
from the declarations of her Government, m all its
InaitmenS and from the subsequent union of
itfarmy* that she is in a state, of aggressive^*  
anomaly. Mexico is t,,J
n\:rS^Lad thecon titutional power, and it
tt"cl un/r President of the United States has gone
ment, the 1lcsi'en ^ been ]ngU.
a great deal fnr''iel , justified by the people of
fied, or would l vc been^UbUhe^ y Pg ifar (o
this country in g°'n|'BriUlin or Franco as lie has
avoid war with G . } w0uld have received
to avoid war with Mexwo, " ^ Hc jg
the momentous
question of war was before the country, he could
not withhold from the Government any amount ol ,
force or of mean3 that might be required, lnat .
the honor and rights of the country should besus- ^
taincd, was his first and greatest object and desire.
To sustain these, hc would go to any extent.
He would not draw any distinction between a
state of hostility and a state of war. 1 here migti ,
without doubt, be a border war, without a general
war, and this would be war as between the two
parties eoncerncd. Other parties must hc notihei ,
m order that they might be made subject to blocK-
ades. But war actually existed in this case, and
not merely hostilities on the bonier; and uie tlonse
had very properly passed a bill recognising timt
state of the case. If blockading ports, shooting
down men, and capturing vessels was not war, no
did not know what it was. It was idle to talk oi
a state of hoslilities; this was a ease ol open war.
The Commanding General told us that it was wai.
Our depots may, at this moment, be 111 t ie hands
of the enemy. The 1 louse, he repeated, had done
rMit in declaring this to be a state of war. vv c
had thereby given notice to third parties that win
existed, and all neutrals would take notice of it.
He wondered why the thunder invoked by the
gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. SaivybuI win) not di-
rected against the cnemv—against Cann es, ami
Carasco, mid all who luul shed the blood ol our
eitizons.
eiuzons. . , , |i
lint hc differed from the gentleman who last art- i,
dressed the committee, [Mr Tibiiatt*m regard
to the territorial limits of lexas f
between the Nueces and the Rio Grande had bun
set down in every map and by every authority as i
belonging to Spain. Wauce had no t< rritory, as
was long ago admitted, <a t of the Km Grande,
which we could claim under the Lout -uiiia t'eu'y.
Mr. Daiiiiacu referred to authorities to .show mat
the western boundary ol'Texas was the Nueces.
The region l.etwien the two ruc.rs was a thou-
sand miles in width as it stictehcd towards the west, ,
1ml at the south it nunowed down to I it) miles m
Widtii. It contained portions of lour Mexican <le-
iini'tments. In annexing Texas, thcrelore, we had
annexed, not only 'I'exas, which luul revolted fiom
Mexii.o, hill thousands of Mexican citizens, and
many Mexican settlements, including hanta l'e,
uhceour mediants w ho come with caiuums from
the West, now paid duties to the Mexican ^.ovci n-
mcnt. lie would like, to know whether bantu 1 e
was n part of the United States. The argument.n
support of our claim to the country west of the
Rio Gnmdcwas, that Franechad discoveied it, and
that it wm « part of Louisimm.
I! t the only discovery that could be adduced
was that of a small exploring party Jlth
lie denied that there was any authority foi the.
assertion that Texas ever extended beyond he
Nueces. What was this title ? What woro lk
pSU..K r« of "this claim of Texas? What-
over the title was, it was surrendered by the. h loiula
treaty. Suppose the argument to be correct, Mil
all our claims were merged in the treaty of Hoiida.
One of the principal motives that Sspain had to [
cede the Florida* to us, was the establishment ol |
the boundary of the Sabine. . ,'i
But Texas was annexed, and so far from hem, d
wrv for it, he rejoiced nt il; ami Ue should ejer ■
rciinVe at the. extension of our institutions. 1Lc,i
hoi n il the time, would come when the whole con-
tui -nt would bo under our institutions. >|
Mr. P. asked whether a law ol Texas could u
define the western boundary oi Texas, it Texas ,
could thus make the ltio Grande the boundary, |
thev could make the Pacific the boundary; they
rou'ld take nil Mexico. How would such a coursc ]
l'K. insiilied to the world? What right had anation |
to take territory belonging to another nation? |
] ui it was ftllcijctl lhal biinta Aiui ail mitt ed that j
(he boundary was the Rio Grande, while lie was I
a prisoner. The circumstances showed that he j
acted under duress, and that the admission could ,
'not be availed of as an argument. Cut even i ,
Suit i Ana had admitted it while m power, and ,
! in ihe rtalnec of ihe Monte7.nmas, it would amount
uot iiu"; for he had no right to cede away the
territory of the country. He could not disintegrate
Mexico, nor cede aw«y a single mch of the soil.
As to the policy of annexing Texas, he was of the
fimc < nnion now as formerly. Perhaps lusi opw-
tti?s as to the western boundary to_ which Texas
entitled were erroneous; but it appeared to
him that this talcing possession of the Rio Grande
had .something more in it than the mere assertion
°^Tb "landa'of Tesaw'were, by the term, of an-
U wLSr Si, that-after the soldiers' and
other claims were met, there wouW1 notbe^la d
enough left in Texas proper f.
Therefore it was enacted that the Kio
should be the boundary. - , j8
The boundary was not fixed by the la
i Government assenting to annexation. p *
: for the annexation of the country rightfully mclii
- [fed In .hi limits of Texas; and the adms metn of
the boundary with Mexico wascxpicssly^
: to the United Stales Government. Wllei I
i found her lands insuflicieiit to pay hei luibiliuw,
' she set up a claim to the Rio Grande as « (
: The President said in lus Message tl:nit 1ae had
i sent a Minister to Mexico to settle our diflicultics
- with her. lie scut orders to the army to take a
I position in Mexican te.r.tory, and then sent a
! Minister to Mexico, l'bis was done at a
when Ilerrera's Government),ad been overthrown,
i upon the ground that he was disposed to t, i at
with the United States for the surrender o W x-
ican soil. If the army had remained at the fi i -
:■ ecs our Minister might have been received. I a-
i i redes could not receiveh im while our army mena. < d
' their territory, for he had conic into power on thn
■ very quesliou of receiving a minister fion the
ii United Ktaus, while the country was invaded.
Mr TtH'llMAN made sonic remarks expri.-
!' s!,c\Vf u opinion that the refusal of Mexico to
,eeeive our Minister bad no connexion with the
move,,.ems of .lie army, and that the a,my was
null,'i d to the Rio G.andc alter it had lietonle
u'Hain that Mexico would not receive Mi_. Sjidcll.
Mr DAlUiAUll (lesuming) had no feeling o
c.ompassion, he said, Cor Mcxico. le believed
her to he faithless and unjust. 1 he Govu mn
i,l' the United States had permitted from her what
no other Government would have snllered.
American ciii'/ens were invited to Mexico, and
weie then plundered, imprisoned, murdered by
Mexican aiithmities. Some, weie poor nipples,
after being made beggars. W tdow. and orphans
of those citizens had m vam sought any recom-
pense fiom this Governmeut. We had folded our
arms and done nothing. In 1B34, a commission
was instituted to ascertain these claims and >atlu
them; and of the whole amount adjudicated—about
two millions—not one-sixth had been paid. I wo
instalments, that the Mexican Government held a
receipt for from our Minister, (Mr. Shannon,) we
wore shuffled out of. This was by some trickery
of Mexico. . ,
The Governments of England and of Fiance iiud
not Kutfercd the wrongs of their qtizeus to pass
unredressed. They demanded and obtained ic
die's 1''ranee saw that Mexico would play the
same Kan«e«ilh her as with us. She. pnun^ y
battered down her castle ot San Juan d Ulloa. bhe
obtained the indemnity she sought, and niaae Mcx -
■ i.-o pay tlie expenses of the war besides. II we
i went into this war, hc hoped there would be no
I peace till not only the Km Grande question, but
j every other question was settled, and every dollar
! of those claims paid, ile had no feeling on the
! subject of lite te.ritoiy in dispute, lie was as
! anxious as any one to extend the limits of our f.ce
I institutions, and would be ever ready to go as fin
j as ho that went farthest to protect the honor of the
"'o"1 motion of Mr. GORDON, the committee ro&e
U and reported progress.
IS Mr. McKAY offered a resolution, providing
II that the debate on the bill should terminate in ten
| minutes after it should again be taken up in com-
!! "Tmotion was made by Mr. TOOMBS to ad-
i iourn; which motion—by yeas 5fi, nays <3—was
1 rejected; and the question rccurred on the. adop-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. McKAY demanded the previous question,
which was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
No quorum having voted, (it being now half
past three o'clock)—
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
, A motion to adjourn was made by Mr. ALBERT
i SMITH, and i ejected.
