812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
worthless for the purpose for which it was design- |
ed; and who did not, with a single voice, declare
that it ought to be transferred to the navy.
Mr. R. moved that the bill be recommitted, with
instructions to report a bill transferring the \cssels
of the revenue marine to the JNavy Pepaitment.
Mr. GORDON demanded the previous question,
but there was do second.
And the question jvourring on the motion to re-
commit with instruction*,
Mr. THOMAS B. KING desired to say a few
words in confirmation of the views which had been
expicssod by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Ra-ilibun.) The question of the transfer of the
revenue maiinc to the navy hud attracted his (Mr.
K.*s) attention some yeais ago. It was true that
(hat service constituted a considerable navy in
itself.
DEFICIENCIES IN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. WllIiATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Dills, reported a joint resolution to correct a
clerical error m the bill (heretofore passed) to sup-
ply deficiencies in certain appropnaUons for the
cuneut fiscal year.
The joint resolution having been (wice road, and
having been ordered to a third reading, was read a
third time and passed.
THE NAVAL AND REVENUE MARINE.
The House resumed the consideration of this
bill.
Mr. TIIOMAS C. IviJNC continued his rcniai Irs.
The revenue service, he was remarking, was be-
< oming a very con,sidciable branch ot the military
marine of the country. In its original organization
it was not intended, he presumed, that it should
reach its present growth. Yet, he confessed, there
were very considerable difficulties in the way of its
transfer. How far this bill mi^ht increase the^c
difficulties lie could not positively say, but he
thought it would, to some extent, augment them.
Notwithstanding the urgency with which the
measure was pressed, he was inclined to think it
would be better to adopt the piopositiou of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Ratiibun.]
Mr. HOLMES said there were some things
which he knew, because he did not knoxo. He
knew the impropriety of altering: a great system in
a summary manner, because he did not know the
operation m all respects of such alteration. And
for gentlemen, in their wisdom and intelligence, to
recommend to this House the alteration, in so
summary a manner, of a great system, interwoven
with ail our levcnue, marine, and naval systems,
from the formation of this Government to this
time, was about as bold, and he had no doubt dis-
played as much science, as Galileo's recommen-
dation, that it be understood heienfter that the
world <roes round the sun, instead of the sun going
round fthe world! If this whole system were to
be, altered, let it bo done with caution and care.
"When hostilities have burst upon us, and when
we had given yesterday the power to the President
to raise aimies and lauwh navio>->, on a small bill,
which w;is required t<> put into immediate actum
the vtssels already built, that they might bo sent
from one port to another to give warning of the
fleet of our enemy on our coast, or of privateers
there—to stop now, and go into the alteration and
levision of a great system, did appear to him so
sublime, that he did not know how to designate it.
J in moved the previous question; but withdrew
it at request, and on pledge of its renewal by
Mr. STANTON, who said, that while he agreed
in the general views of Mr. Rathhun, as to the
propiiety ofcounc tmg theievenue bianch of the
public service with the Navy Department, he
could not concur in Jus proposition at present.
In making tliis greatchangc, it would be necessary
to go to the very foundation of the system. Wh ile,
therefore, he was ready, on the proper occasion
<md on the proper bill, to vote for the transfer of
the vessels and men in the revenue service, and to
put them under the charge of the Navy Depart-
ment, where he thought they properly belonged,
subject to be called into the revenue service by a
requisition of the Secictaiy of the Treasury—
while he would vote for this under the pioper cir-
cumstances, he should not be able to do so now;
.for the efficiency of the service at the present con-
juncture called for the passage of this bill, in com-
pliance with the recommendation of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. S. moved the previous question; but with-
drew it at the lequcst of
Mr. McCLELLAND, who said he was inclined
to go with the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
RathbuX)] to make the revenue marine system a
part and parcel of the navy system of the coun-
try; but the Secretary of the Treasury might be
authorized at any time to apply to the Secretary of
the Navy, and he might detach a portion of the
naval officers to perform the revenue service of the
country, who would still remain subject to the
rules and regulations of the Secretary of the Navy,
except so far as regards these revenue services,
which shall be performed under the- direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury. The first, second,
thiid, and fifth sections, had in view the establish-
ment of a permanent systerif, and the ingrafting
the revenue marine system on the Treasury De-
partment; but the fourth section looked only to the
appointment of additional engineers for the navy.
He took it for granted that this was necessary from
the fact that it was reported from the Naval Com-
mittee, to whom the subject appropriately be-
longed.
lie moved, if it was in order, to strike out the
whole bill except the fourth section.
The motion to recommit, with instructions, was
the first question pending.
Mr. McKAY read the present law regulating
this subject, from which it appeared that the rev-
enue cutters were already liable to be connected
with the navy when the exigencies of the service
required. The President of the United States had
the power, under the existing law, to transfer them
to the navy, or, at least, to bring them to co-ope-
late with the navy, under the direction of the head
of that depmtment.
Mr. RATUBUN said, the difficulty of that law
was what lie wanted to get rid of, and to bring
this system altogether under the direction of the
Navy Department, and into a position in which
Congress might have control over the appropria-
tions therefor, instead of leaving them to remain,
as at present, supported from the gross revenue,
not from the treasury proper.
Mr. McKAY (in his seat) said they were, by
recent law, made dependant on the appropriations
of Congress.
The question was taken by tellers, on the motion
of Mr. Ratuuun to recommit with instructions,
and was decided in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays
35.
So the bill was recommitted.
The SPEAKER said the business first in .order
would be the call of the committees for reports.
Mr. HAMPTOiN, on leave given, presented the
joint resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
New Jeisey, lequcstmg their Senators and Repre-
sentatives m Congress to use every proper and
honorable effort to prevent the repeal or maternal
alteration of the laws now in force imposing duties
on foreign imports.
Also, joint resolutions of the same, requesting
their Senators and Representatives m Congress to
use their lnlluence to obtain a sufficient appropria-
tion lor the purpose of constructing a lighthouse
on Tucker's beach, orAbsecomb's beach.
The resolutions were referred to their appropriate
committees, and oidered to be printed.
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Bunton, of New York, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill
; making appropiiations for the support of the Mih-
! tary Academy for the year ending on the 30th
| dune, 1847.
| The pending question was on the amendment of
j Mr. Ratiibun, providing that no cadets shall hcre-
| after be appointed; and ihat so soon as the cadets
i now there shall have graduated, themstitution shall
| be abolished.
| Mr. GORDON resumed the floor, (under the
• limitation of the resolution adopted yesterday,
I that debate should cease in ten minutes.)
| Mr. G. said that when (yesterday) he had moved
i that the committee rise, he had submitted the mo-
i tion more with a view to the adoption of a resolu-
| tion to terminate the debate than to retain the floor
| that he might address the committee. But he
j would avail himself of the privilege he possessed
; to say a few words on the question before the com-
i! mitloe, and on matters and things in general.
The pending question (continued Mr. G.) is the
amendment of my colleague, [Mr. Ratiibun,]
which proposes, prospectively, the discontinuance
of the west Point Academy. I differ from my
colleague, I cannot support a proposition that the
Military Academy, which is the only public mili-
tary school in the United States, shall be abol-
ished. That the United States should be without
such an establishment I do not believe; nor do I
believe that there is m the United States a site bet-
ter adapted to such an establishment than that at
West Point. If that academy should be discontin-
ued, the effect, in my judgment, would he to build
up some dozen or twenty schools in different States
or the Union. Probably evedr State would come
in and want a military school established within
its limits. I am not going .to pursue this question
further. It is sufficient for "me to say that I shall
vote against the proposition, especially at this time.
The academy was established to qualify men to
engage in the army, to serve the country in time
of-war; and now, when war is upon us, when it
has been declared to exist; up starts a proposition
here, and at this crisis, to abolish the only military
school in the country. Iam opposed to it.
But 1 will now pass on to the state of the Union;
and I will notice some things that have taken place
within a few days past, particularly in this Hall.
There aie two kinds of immortality—one of
glory, the other of infamy. The immortality of
Eratostratus, who set fire to the Ephesian temple,
was of the latter class. So also was that of Nero,
who fiddled whilst Rome was burning. And to
come down to the history of our own times and
our own country, we find that we had tories in the
Revolution; we had the Hartford Convention in the
war of 18153; mid we had the blue-light Federal-
ists, who had their beacons to light the enemy to
the shores of our country; We had also those in
the last war who opposed it, voted against the sup-
plies, attempted to paralyze the arm of the Govern-
ment, and rejoiced at the victories of the enemy
over the armies of their country. Now I class all
of these with Eratostratus and with Nero.
And now, what shall I say of the fourteen who
voted against the recognition of the existence of
war, and against the supplies to prosecute that war
to a speedy and Successful'termination ? Where,
I ask, shall I clask-ihem? Where shall I class the
man who has explained to the world the vote which
he gave, who has put his name on record, who
will have an immortality either of glory or of infa-
my, who has published such language and planted
himself on such sentiments as these iam about to
read? Listen:
Mr. G. now read from a letter of Mr. Severance,
published in this day's Intelligencer:
"I behove tin* Mexicans upon The Itio Grande have been
acting bttictly m solfd jfence; and if tin:} have made a manly
lu-Wance to Gencr.il Tavlor, they aie lo be honored and ap-
plauded for dour; so. Without now calling m question the
mod** by vvluvh the Mexican Department ot Texas was con-
vened into a Slate of our Union, I do deny that Gcneial
Taylor, since he advanced beyond the Nueces, lias been
either on the soil of the United States or on that of Texas.
He has been, and wan at the ia*t accounts, in the Mexican
Department of Tamauhpas, and it is there, on Mexican soil,
that blood has been shed. The war has not been commenced
by Mexico, but by the Piesident ot the United States, with-
out the authority of Congress*, and without any neotoaly."
Ilere (continued Mr. G.) is an honorable Rep-
resentative in the American Congress, avowing, m
the face of the" world, that the war, to carry on
which this House has voted supplies .with a una-
nimity almost unparalleled, "had not been com-
menced by Mexico, but by the President o'f the
United States, without the authority of Congress,
and without any necessity." Complaining of his
country ! justifying Mexico ! Charging the Exec-
utive of his own country, who has 'an embarrass-
ing war on his hands, with an impeachable crime!
For the gentleman says: " It was not required by
s any sound policy, and it was totally forbidden by
' the Constitution of the United States, by a regard
4 for justice, and by international comity and good
'faith." Thus denouncing the Executive of his
own country as worthy the execration of the civil-
ized world. Such is the language of a Represent-
ative of the American people! not used in the heat
of debate, but deliberately written, and sent to a
newspaper to be published to the world.
This is not all. The same Representative de-
clares:
" The bill which passed the House yesterdaysauctionshia
proceedings, and endorses his manifesto of the causes of war,
throwing the odiuiu on the Mexicans, which justly attaches
i) to himself."
