1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813
And again:
" Unless the President desires war, and looks to the con-
quest of Mexico, I submit whether he has not committed
both a political criiyie and a blunder, and I will wait for an
answer on the results of the measure."
The CHAIRMAN here announced the expira-
tion of the time allowed for debate.
Mr. GORDON took his seat, remarking he was
sorry to be thus cut off.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Rath bun; andtv ayes 50, noes 94, il was
rejected.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. TIBBATTS made an ineffectual motion to
take up the bill for the benefit of th§ blind.
THE AMY.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the army, for the
year ending on the 30th of June, 1847.
The bill was read.
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the following
item, by increasing the amount to #468,193 67:
" For subsistence in kind, 1313,735."
Mr. McKAY sent to the Clerk's table a letter
from the department, showing the necessity of this
increase, on account of extraordinary expenses
consequent upon the military occupation of Texas;
which was read.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved to strike out the following
item, on the ground that the appropriation had
some time ago been transferred to the bill making
appropriations for fortifications:
" For armament of fortifications, $300,000."
The item was stricken out.
The following item being under consideration—
" For repairs and improvements and new ma-
chinery at Springfield armory, $125,000"—
Mr. McKAY moved the following amendment,
(to come in at the end thereof,) which was agreed
to:
" And the sum of §5,000, out of the appropria-
' tion made for the same object by the act approved
' March 3d, 1845, is declared to have been intend-
' ed fur the purchase of the lots adjoining tlie ar-
' mory grounds, as expressed in the estimates, to
« which purpose it has been applied."
The following item being under consideration—
" For arsenals, $157,593"—
Mr. McKAY moved to amend it by increasing
the amount to §108,593. Agreed to.
The following item being under consideration—
" For expenses of the mineral land service,
§30,000"—
Mr. McKAY moved to amend it, after the word
" service," by adding the words " including those
incurred since .the11st January, 1846." Agreed to.
The second section being under consideration,
in the words following—
"That the President of the United States may,
' in his discretion, direct the expenditure of the
' appropriation for the ' armament of fortifications,'
' and ' for the purchase of ordnance, ordnance
' stores, and supplies,' at any time after the passage
' of this act"—
On motion of Mr. McKAY, it was amended by
striking out the words " for the armament of for-
tifications, and."
Mr. BLACK, of South Carolina, moved the fol-
lowing as an additional section:
J}rul be it further enacted, That from and after
the passage of this act to the end of the present
war, the monthly pay of the non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates of the artillery,
infantry, and riflemen, who may be in the service
of the United States, shall be the same as the pay
allowed to the non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, and privates of the dragoon regiments of the
United States.
Mr. BLACK, in a few words, explained the
necessity which had arisen for this amendment,
from the provision in reference to pay made in the
bill passed yesterday.
Mr. McKAY hoped the amendment would not
prevail. This was a bill merely appropriating for
the army as it now exists. He alluded to the ac-
tion just taken by both Houses on this subject, in
the bill passed yesterday, and read a statement of
the pay of privates in our army atdifferent periods
since the foundation of our Government. The pay
for privates had been eight dollars only for a short
time,"having been a great part of the time four dol-
lars; and they were better clothed and paid under
the present compensation than any soldiers in the
world.
Mr. BLACK admitted this, and desired they
should continue so to be paid and clothed. He
knew that the pay for time of peace had been too
high, and he was as desirous to practise,all reas-
onable economy as anybody; but we were now
calling for volunteers from the yeomanry of the
country, to defend the country, and he thought
the rate proposed by his amendment was not too
high; and he wished all to be placed on the same
footing.
Mr. BURT moved an amendment to the amend-
ment of his colleague, so as to limit its operation
to the time of war.
This amendment was understood to be accepted
by Mr. Black, and his amendment modified ac-
cordingly.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved an amendment to the
amendment, to provide that all privates shall re-
ceive ten dollars per month during the war.
Mr. McKAY again expressed the hope that all
these amendments would be voted down. It had
been determined by both Houses, in the bill which
passed only last night, that the pay of privates
should bo seven dollars; and he hoped something
like consistency of action would be pursued, lh
addition, if this amendment were adopted, the item
for pay would have to be largely increased, and
various other portions of the, bill over which they
had not passed, would have to be amended.
Mr. TIBBATTS said, although the House
agreed to the amendment of the Senate, reducing
the pay of privates, it was not to be inferred that
they were in favor of such reduction. They agreed
to it, because they feared by not doing' so the bill
would be greatly delayed, if not defeated, when it
was necessary that it should immediately become
a law. As far as regarded the other argument of
the gentleman, that the adoption of the amend-
ment would require a change of other items, it was
a mere matter of figures and verbal alteration, and
could easily be done. The man in the sorviee of
his country actually engaged in prosecuting a war,
risking his life, and at a great distance from his
home, should he better paid in lime of war than in
peace for lounging about arsenals and armories.
Mr. VV. W'. CAMPBELL did not think it ne-
cessarily followed from the Senate's amendment
that they were opposed to raising the pay of our
soldiers; but that it was merely their intention to
make the wages of the volunteer the same as of
our regular soldier. He went for raising the wages
of both. He argued that the present pay was in-
sufficient from the difficulty of raising recruits,
and from the fact that the army of the United
States is made up at this very hour of foreigners,
and not of our own citizcns, because our citizens,
from their greater skill and better practical ac-
quaintance with the ordinary arts and business of
life, were better qualified to acquire a subsistence
in the oi dmary course of industry. Now, if we
made up this army, of which we were informed
so many had deserted and gone over to the enemy,
of our native-born citizens, we should avoid this
difficulty. He therefore went for a sufficient com-
pensation to induce natives to go into the army;
and he thought the wages proposed by the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Tiubatts] not too high
in time of war, to which the operation of the
amendment was limited.
Mr. HAMLIN concurred with the gentleman
from New York in his premises, but could not ar-
rive at the same conclusion. While engaged in
actual service he thought the compensation pro-
posed by the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Black| precisely right.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, leave being gran ted,
inquired if the diagoons wete obliged to maintain
their horses out of their wages, or if specific provi-
sion was made for them ?
Mr. HAMLIN replied that the dragoon was
paid $8 per month, and forage for horse, or forty
cents a day allowance for horse.
In case of actual war, (he proceeded to say,) in
which the honor and interests of the country were
involved, he did not believe the fighting was to bo
done on the basis of dollars and cents. If that
were so, he would say to the gentleman from New
York, why, let us have foreign nieicenaries to do
our fighting. But there was another impulse over,
above, and far beyond that ignoble consideration,
that fired the heart of every man, and that would
lead him to go where duty calls him in the defence
of his country at whatever risk. It was high and
elevated patriotism—the sincere love of country.
And men actuated by such impulses, it was, on
whom we were to rely, and not on those who
fought merely for the motive of dollars and cents.
As far as the matter of pay was concerned, he
thought this $8 per month—nearly flOOayear,
in addition to clothing—was better pay than was
usually received for ordinary labor. The true sol-
dier's impulses would be as warm, and he would
be as ready to fight for this as for an increased
compensation; but he believed that justice to the
soldier himself, who usually left other business,
and the welfare of the service, required that reason-
able compensation should be given; but as inde-
pendent men, they were not called upon from these
or other considerations to increase the pay. He
understood very well, that declining to vote for the
increase of pay, he might, be attacked by some gen-
tlemen; but regardless of such considerations, and
in obedience to the honest dictates of his judg-
ment, he should vote for the amendment of the
gentleman from South Carolina, and against that
of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. ROOT was in favonof equalizing the wages
of the rank and file of the different branches of the
service, as was proposed by the gentleman from
South Carolina, and of increasing the compensa-
tion from |8 to $10, as was proposed by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. He found himself to oc-
cupy different grounds now from those he occupied
a few days ago. He was then, and had a right to
be, the friend of every Mexican; now, he had no
such right; he was made by your act the enemy of
every mail in that republic, and he believed, in
consequence of their yesterday's work, he should
be the enemy of every citizen of some other nation
before long.
Now we are in a war. It is regarded by some
gentlemen as a small war. It will grow to a great
one, unless we make it a short war. Let us, then,
go into it thoroughly. I have heard something
from the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gor-
don] about the fourteen men who were enemies
to their country. I am one of those (said Mr. R.)
who voted against the declaration of war. 1
thought I was right then, and I think so now. But
that is over. We are in a war now; and I am
with you now, and my constituents are with you.
[Cries of " Good."] And I speak for a people who
live on the frontier—who can look into the ene-
my's country, or what may become an enemy's
country very shortly. We are with you in this
war with Mexico; and if other wars come, we
shall do our duty.
Mr. R. warmly advocated the increase to §10 of
the compensation per month of those who take
the dry hard knocks in the war—who had no pro-
motion or honors in view—and whose only conso-
lation was the reflection of having done their duty.
If they could earn $8 per day in Congress for de-
claring war, he thought certainly those who did
the actual service and the fighting were entitled to
more than $8 per month. He questioned very
much the correctness of those gentlemen in favor
of the war, who did not think they were entitled
to more. He referred to the stinted bounties and
wages given at the commencement of the last war,
but $16 bounty being offered; and to the increase,
before the close of the war, to $144 a year; and
urged that we should not commence with a nig-
gardly compensation, but should offer full and rea-
sonable wages. He would cut. off, not from the
pay of soldiers', but such items as $49,000 " for
transportation of officers' baggage."
Notwithstanding the very censorious remarks
of the gentleman from New York upon the four-
teen men who voted differently from him, he felt
comfortable under that vote; and lie said to that
gentleman, who resided far back among the anti-
renters and anti-readers, that there were some who
were very ready for a fight, but were very quick
to harry out of it. Mr. R. was not of this num-
ber. Yesterday his rule of conduct was to keep
his country right if he could. He had a new rule
to-day: now she was in a war, and he went for his
country, right or wrong. He was responsible for
his course to his constituents; and he should not
look to Ulster and Delaware counties, or their rep-
resentative. Let them first settle their own ac-
counts about anti-rent wars and other matters
before they took others in charge.
