814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May i%
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH obtained the floor,
and (after some conversation with Mr. Gordon as
to the right to the floor) proceeded. He asked this
House, in its ffrave, deliberative wisdom, it they
thought it was wise and statesmanlike now, in the
beginning of a war of whie.li no man can see the
end, to be raisins; the pay and emoluments of he
army' This was to be no child's play, no holy-
dav war. We are to go to war with a people mur-
ed to arms, who have able and experienced generals,
w ho Imt e already placed our army in an unfortu-
nate position. We were to go to war witha mighty
country, of immense surface. It has its mountains,
its rivers, its narrow passes, capable, of defence;
and from what he learned of the matter he feared
that a Mexican chapparel might be. quite as formi-
dable a place of refuge for ail enemy as a Florida
swamp or morass. We had looked on the Florida
war as a small matter, until the regular army be-
came a regular drain on the treasury. He begged
gentlemen not to begin now m this way. We had
given a vote that was calculated to strike terror
into the breasts of our foe. Let us not now lo.se
the moral effect of that vote by holding out the
idea that the American people were not going to
engage in this war without the additional stimu-
lus of money. The news that we were receiving
by every mail showed that our people were ready;
that the drums were being beat, the flag unfurled,
and volunteers weie rushing to our standard; and
now, would gentlemen, 111 this moment of enthu-
siasm, when the country was ripe for war, have
lis throw out the suspicion that our men were not
going to war except for the consideration of mo-
ney ? lie considered eight dollars per month was
enough wages—especially if, as the gentleman
from Ohio had said, it was all to be spent at the
camp; and be thought the history of the last wai,
as alluded to by the gentleman, admonished us
that we should not begin with the largest offers of
compensation first. Fifty thousand volunteers had
been authorized to bo raised. We might need
fifty thousand, and fifty thousand twice-told more.
Let them not, therefore, be voting extra millions
of eight dollars; for the plain people—those who
remained at home, (and they would still constitute
the majority,) who paid the taxes—would under-
stand it as well as members of Congress. Our
soldiers were willing to fight for what was consid-
ered a reasonable compensation in the country;
and they should authorize no expenditures larger
than were necessary. He was the last man who
was in favor of war. He would go as far as might
he to avoid it; he had seen the desolations, the
plundering, the burnings, the distress of families,
the anguish and agony of the widowed motliei,
and the childless parent, which were occasioned
by war; and his constituents knew something
of what a war was by sad, melancholy, expe-
rience. While the rest of this country poured out
its treasure with a lavish hand, they poured out
their blood. The very soil he represented was
rich with the blood of its inhabitants; and there-
fore he should be the last man to advocate war.
Hut when wc had received a message ftom the
President, telling us that the war had already be-
S'-un; that the enemy hod invaded our soil, ami
slain our people; when we had recounted the ong
list of wrono-s we had suffered from Mexico, winch
had never been retaliated; and when lie thought ot
the abuses and insults heaped upon us in the pom-
pons Mexican pronunciamentos,—he thought it
due to the rights of the nation, to neutral nations,
to assume a belligerent attitude, and he had } ro-
posed to begin the war by a formal declaration.
He hoped this amendment would not pass. We
had acted nobly. He. felt prouder of his' country
than he did before; he fell proud of the American
Congress; and the people, he felt assured, would
call tlir no mercenary tribute to bring them into the
army of the country.
Mr. GORDON said the gentleman fiom Ohio
[Mr. Root] informed them that he was one ol the
fourteen who voted against the bill declaring the
existence of war; and he states also what is not
true—what is false in fact—that he (Mr. Or.) as-
serted that the fourteen who voted against the bi I
were enemies to their country. He said no such
thing; he was commenting on the reasons given to
the world by one of the gentlemen, [Mr. (sever-
ance,] for Ins vote, and he did not even call him an
enemy to the country. If he was or is a tory, or
if the gentleman from Ohio was, it might nut be
from choice, but from association—an association
which has perverted their judgments, and made
them what God never intended they should be.
The gentleman from Ohio says he voted against
this bill, but now he is with us. Well—better late
than never. Late repentance, if sincere, was ad-
equate to salvation; but as to his sincerity, he left
it for the gentleman's constituents to pronounce
upon, when lie now professed to be for his coun-
try, while by his vote he stood forever recorded
against his country.
Now that war is declared, the gentleman would '
vote ten dollars to the soldiers per month. Why?
Was it to get ten dollars per month for his friends
in his district? Undoubtedly there were volun-
teers—not the gentleman himself, (ho never would
do; he wanted to get back here)—who would go
from the gentleman's district—and he had sagacity
enough to discover that this vote for the ten dollars
would be something in the pockets of his popular-
ity; but he would not vote a man or a dollar to
repel the invasion of Mexicans who crossed our
frontier and shed the blood of our citizens. And
that was the patriotism which the gentleman dis-
played on this occasion ! Now, if the gentleman
from Ohio was content, lie (Mr. G.) was. - He had
taken all the notice of him which he or his remarks
deserved.
He should not suffer himself to be drawn aside
into a discussion of any local difficulties in the
State of New York, of which the gentleman was
utterly ignorant, to gratify his impertinent curi-
osity. The people of that State know how to take
care of themselves without foreign interference.
Had the gentleman been there, I have no doubt he
would have been found on the side of the patroon
aristocracy, whose days are numbered, against
needful and just reforms, and the rights of the
people, as he now is on the side of Mexico against
his country.
Mr. G. did not believe it was profitable 111 tins
crisis to be talking about our right to Texas; yet
he did think it proper to answer some of the ob •
jections made by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Severance.] lie understood that gentleman to
say, that the territory between the Nueces and the
Rio Grande was not only disputed territory, but
that it belonged to the Mexican Government; and
that the American blood shod by Mexicans on
this side the Rio Grande was shed on Mexican
soil by Mexicans defending their own territory;
and that Mcxico is to be honored for the part she
has taken in this war; that this Government has
acted m the wrong; that the President has acted
without authority, and that all the odium of war
justly attaches to the Executive of this country.
By the organic law of 1836, the Republic of Texas
fixed her western boundary 011 the Rio Grande.
It became a part of the original constitution of
Texas, and Texas, according to this boundary,
not only achieved her independence, and main-
tained it for ten years, but up to this boundary her
independence was recognised by the United States,
France, England, and Holland. This very terri-
tory is a part of a congressional district, and in a
few days it would be represented, he trusted, by
a representative speaking and advocating the cause
of Texas, and the rights of his constituents, on
this floor. Not only this, but it was a revenue
district of the United States, made so by this same
Congress; and the bill making it such district
passed without opposition, and was voted for, if he
was not mistaken, by the gentleman from Ohio
and the gentleman from Maine themselves. And
we heard from them, at that time, no plea that this
was Mexican territory. In regard to the upper
Rio Grande, he would not speak so positively;
but in regard to the lower Rio Grande, where our
army was now encampcd, and where American
blood had been shed, ever since the treaty of 1803,
it had been claimed and admitted to he a portion
of the territory of Texas. It had been so claimed
by Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Adams, Henry
Clay, and Benton; and the Rio Grande was ad-
mitted by Spain to be the true boundary between
Tatnauhpas and Texas. What man, then, but he
who was demented by party strife and prejudice—
a Tory against his will—would, when American
blood has been shed on American soil, stand up
and condemn the title of his Government to this
territory ? This was the kind of patriotism which
was exhibited by certain gentlemen on this floor.
With reference to the amendment under consid-
eration, he believed that soldiers, in time of war,
were entitled to higher compensation than they re-
ceive in time of peace. He went for raising the
compensation of our soldiers, dragoons and in-
fantry, all round. He admitted, with- the gentle-*
man from Florida, [Mr. Brockenbrough,] that
the vol unteers who were to-go and to be efficient
soldiers in Texas, would be impelled by love of
country, as the efficient motive which governed
them; but they should have an equitable compen-
sation. He would vote for ten dollars for them;
if tliat was disagreed to, he would vote for eight
dollars, and would agree to less rather than lose
the bill. He was unwilling to make a discrimina-
tion between volunteers and regular soldiers, which
might tend to produce jealousies and unfavorable
results; and he would pay to all a fair and reason-
able compensation.
Mr. SEVERANCE said that facts could be set
forth which would show that we were not acting
in self-defence in the military movement on the Rio
Grande. It -ngts imperative upon us, while plun-
ging into war, to inquire what were the causes of it,
and how we got into it. He did not propose to go
back to the annexation of Texas; but it was well
known that the western boundary of Texas was in
dispute, and was so admitted in the act assenting
to the annexation. He would call upon any friend
of the measure of war just' adopted, to say when
the Rio Grande was the boundary of Texas. An
attempt was made by Texas upon Matamoras, but
the expedition did not succeed, and the Texan
troops were driven back. When did Texas hold
any post on the Rio Grande ? Never. The popu-
lation between the Nueces and the Rio Grande
were all Mexicans—there were no Texans there.
It was our duty to see that our country was in the
right in every conflict, and we could not advance
the glory of the country by placing it in the wrong;
anil'it was our especial duty to preserve peace with
the republics on this continent.
What object was to be gained by this war?
Mexico hau no commerce upon which we could
make reprisals. In issuing letters of marque she
would have the advantage ten times over. We
could, it was said, invade her territory. We might
plunder her churches, and carry off tier treasures.
He did not know how it was with her churches,
but there was a_ plentiful scarcity in her treasury.
Shall we overrun and conquer Mexico? What
shall we do with her population ? Shall we bring
them into the Union on an equal footing with us
as voters ?
He protested against sending the troops further
than Corpus Christi. He had done his duty in
voting against the bill.
Mr. DELANO spoke at length on the subject,
and in vindication of his vote against the bill. The
President had informed us in his message'that we
were in a state of war—war with a sister republic.
War was declared, and the time had arrived when
he was compelled to go for his country, right or
wrong. Up to that period he had endeavored to
keen his country in the right; but war having been
declared, he would now sustain the arms and main-
tain the exertions of the country. He was, there-
fore, in favor of the amendment proposed to in-
crease the pay of the soldiers to ten dollars a month.
He adverted to the difficulties and dangers which
would attend the service. The bones of our coun-
trymen would be left bleaching on the mountains
of Mexico. The diseases of the climate would be
fatal to vast numbers of them. He guarded him-
self against any charge of refusing' the means for
rescuing General Taylor's army from peril. His
destiny was fixed long before this bill could be
carried into effect. No debate had been allowed
on the bill. Our mouths were stopped by the ad-
ministration of the gag rule.
Mr. HOPK.INS here asked whether the gentle-
man knew that the rule of which he spoke origi-
nated in the 27th Congress, which was a Whig
Congress ?
Mr. II. read the rule adopted March 1st, 1842,
which provided for the discharge of the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, from the
consideration of any bill referred to it after acting,
without debate, on all amendments pending,or that
may be offered.
Mr. DELANO, in reply, said,-if that was so,
it proved that his Democratic friends were apt
scholars. We were offered a bill with a preamble
which contained many falsehoods in a few words,
and which he could not vote for.
We were in the midst of a war, which- we had
engaged in without authority of law and without
