1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
being in the right, and he was now ready to go
shoulder to shoulder with all those who sustained
the honor of the country. Where this war would
end he could not predict. Bat we had not yet
settled the Oregon question. He never had any
confidence in the sincerity of the President's decla-
rations of a purpose to maintain our rights in Ore-
gon. H,e believed that he would give away all
Oregon to prosecute this war for a territory not
belonging to us. He would ask the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Douglass] where he stood now?
Was he upon the ground of 61° now? Where
was the expense of this war to end ? It was said
that we must conquer peace. We had let loose
war. If any one could conquer it back again, he
hoped they would undertake it very soon., If any
one would take the contract at the South to con-
quer Mexico in ninety days, he would like to see
it. done.
We had declared war without notice. It came
upon the country like a clap of thunder in a clcar
sky. The pirates were ready tn be let loose upon
our unprotected commerce. We had everything
to lose—nothing to gain. Send your armies, in the
prosecution of this illegal, unrighteous, and dam-
nable war, to the mountains of Mexico, and disease
and the foe will sweep them off in thousands.
The passes and mountains of Mexico would be-
come a charnel-house for our people, and their
bones would be scattered all over its vast terri-
tory, before this peace would be conquered.
_ He thought the matter, in a military point of
view, would become important before we got
through with it;'and he would undertake to show
what would be the result in a financial view. We
had got through with the glorious Florida war, at
an expense of forty or fifty millions of dollars.
This war would cost a vast deal more. He enu-
merated the various items of military expenditures
that would ,be requ ired.
So far, tlie amount of appropriations was about
fifteen millions. If the people had any common
sense, they would hold responsible the authors of
this war, which was conceived in fraud, and was
to be consummated in iniquity. There were many
other topics to which lie wished to advert, and
there was one that he must, in the candor of a free-
man, allude to. The war was intended, it had
been urged, to extend the area of freedom, but the
result would be very different.
Mr. DOUGLASS next took the floor. [Several
members proposed that the committee rise, that he
might proceed with his speech in the morning.]
He declined to avail himself of their courtesy, as he
had but a few remarks to make, and those princi-
pally in reply to the gentleman from Ohio, who had
just taken his seat, [Mr. Delano.] The gentle-
man-from Ohio (said Mr. D.) has been so land as
to herald my advent before my arrival, and an-
nounce that I was about to follow him in the de-
bate. I suppose that he drew this inference from
the fact that I took a seat near him, and listened
to his speech with the most respectful attention.
Acting upon this^ suggestion, he has addressed a
large portion of his speech to me, and invited an
answer from me, especially to the principal points
in his argument. 1 propose to gratify him m this
respect; and while I shall speak with freedom and
boldness of his positions and arguments, I trust I
shall observe the same rcspectful courtesy towards
my opponents which has characterized his effort.
I commend the patriotism, if not the morality, of
the sentiment which he quoted at the beginning,
and repeated several times in the course of his
speech; "I go for my country, right or wrong."
I fear, however, that this sentiment, onee so much
approved by our countrymen, is about to be brought
into disrespect and contempt by the use which the 1
gentleman and some of his coadjutors are now
making of it. They " go for their country, right
or wrong;" but they insist that their country is,
and has been, all the time in the wrong. They
say that they will support the war; but that, in
their opinion, "the war is unholy, unrighteous,
and damnable."
Mr. j. W. HOUSTON. Who made use of
that expression? Was it any gentleman on this
side of the House ?
Mr. DOUGLASS. Yes, sir. The gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Delano,] who has just taken his
seat, made use of the identical woids, and repeated
them several times with great emphasis in the course
of his speech, while the great body of his political
friends listened with the most profound respect,
and gave every indication of approbation and en-
couragement, by expressions, looks, and nods of
assent. I see the venerable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts before me now nods his approval of the
sentiment.
Mr. ADAMS. Yes, sir. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
prove and endorse every word and syllable of it.
Mr. DOUGLASS. So I supposed, from the
marked indications of approval which that gentle-
man and his friends gave to every attack upon the
rights, interests, and honor of his own country.
- What reliance shall we place on the sincerity of
gentlemen's professions, that they are for the coun-
try right or wrong, when they exert all their pow-
er and influence to put their country in the wrong
in the eyes of Christendom, and invoke the wrath
of Heaven upon us for our manifold crimes and
aggressions? With professions of patriotism on
their lips, do they not show that their hearts are
against their own country? They appeal to the
consciences and religious feelings of our country-
men to unite in execration of our Government,
army, citizen soldiers, and country, for prosecuting
what they denounce as an unholy, unrighteous,
and damnable cause. They predict that the judg-
ment of God will rest upon us; that sickness, and
carnage, and death will be our portion; that defeat
and disgrace will attend our arms. Is there not
treason in the heart that can feel, arid poison in
the breath that can utter such sentiments against
their own country, when forced to take up arms
in self-defence, to repel invasion by a brutal and
perfidious enemy? They for their country right
or wrong, who tell our people, if they rally under
their country's standard, their bones will bleach on
the plains of Mexico, and the enemy will look
down from the mountain top to behold the destruc-
tion of our armies by disease and malarias, and
all those mysterious elements of death which Di-
vine Providence employs to punish a wicked peo-
ple for prosecuting an unholy and unjust war!
Sir, I tell these gentlemen that it requires more
charity than falls to the lot of frail man to believe
that these sentiments are consistent with the sin-
cerity of their professions—with patriotism, hon-
or, and duty to their country. Patriotism ema-
nates from the heart, fills the soul, infuses itself into
the whole man, and speaks and acts the same lan-
guage. A fueud of iiis countiy in war will feel,
speak, and act for his countiy; will revere his
country's cause, and hate his country's enemies.
America wants no friends, acknowledges the fidel-
ity of no citizen who, after war is declared, con-
demns the justice of her cause, or sympathizes
with the enemy. All such are traitors in their
hearts; and would to God that they would commit
some overt act for which they could be dealt with
according to their deserts.
I will now proceed to examine the arguments
by which the gentleman from Ohio, and those with
whom he acts, pretend to justify their foreign sym-
pathies. They assume that the Rio del Norte was
not the boundary line between Texas and Mexico;
that the Republic of Texas never extended beyond
the Nueces—and consequently our Government
was under 110 obligation, and had no right to pro-
tect the lives and property of American citizens be-
yond the last-mentioned river. In support of this
assumption, the gentleman has referred to the dis-
pute which he says arose between the provinces
of Coahuila and Texas, and the decisions of Al-
monte and some other Mexican General thereon
prior to the Texan revolution, and while those
provinces constituted a State of the Mexican con-
federacy. He has also referred to Mr. Hastings's
History of Texas, in which we are also informed
that the same boundary is assigned to the Mexican
province of Texas. I do not deem it necessary to
go back to a period anterior to the Texan revolu-
tion, to ascertain the limits and boundaries of the
Republic of Texas. But if the gentleman has so
gieat a reverence for antiquity as to place more re-
liance upon old authorities, which have become
obsolete and inapplicable, in consequence of the
changed relations of that country, I will gratify his
taste in that respect, by directing his attention to
the various maps, records, histories, and authori-
ties—Spanish, English, and French—by which it
is shown that the Rio del Norte was the boundary
line between the French province of Louisiana and
the Spanish provinces of Mexico. The gentleman
can satisfy himself on that point, if he will take the
pains to lead a despatch (I might with propriety
say a book, from its very great length) written by
the American Secretary of State, John Q,. Adams,
to the Spanish Minister, (Don Onis,) in 1819. He
will there find the authorities all collected and re-
viewed with a clearness and ability which defies
refutation; and demonstrates the validity of the
American title under the treaty of 1803, to the
country in dispute, together with the expression of
his opinion, by the venerable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] that our title to the Del
Norte was as clear as to the island of New Orleans.
This was the opinion of Mr. Adams m 1819. It.
was the opinion of Messrs. Monroe and Pinckney
in 1805. It was the opinion of Jefferson and Madi-
son—of all our Presidents,and all Administrations,
from the day of the purchase of Louisiana in 1803,
to the fatal treaty of relinquishment to Spain in
1819. I give the gentleman the opinion of these
men in opposition to the opinion of Almonte and
his brother Mexican General, and then leave the
question of boundary prior to the Texan revolu-
tion. Will ho tell us, and his constituents, that
those distinguished statesmen,including his friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] as well as Mr.
Polk and the American Congress, were engaged in
an unholy, an unrighteous, and damnabie cause,
in claiming title to the Rio del Norte ?
But, sir, I have already said that I do not deem
it necessary to rely upon these old authorities for
the full and complete justification of our Govern-
ment in defending possession of the country on the
left bank of the Rio del Norte, There is better
and higher evidence than this. The Republic of
Texas held the country by a more glorious title
than can be traced through the old maps and musty
records of Spanish and French courts. She held
the country by the same title that our forefathers of
the Revolution acquired our territory and achieved
the independence of this Republic. She held it by
virtue of her Declaration of Independence, setting
forth the inalienable rights of man, by men who
had hearts to feel and minds to comprehend the
blessings of freedom; by principles successfully
maintained by the irresistible power of her arms,
and consecrated by the precious blood of her glo-
rious heroes. These are her muniments of title
to the empire which she has voluntarily annexed
to our Union, and which we have plighted our
faith to,protect and defend against invasion or dis-
memberment. We have received the Republic of
Texas, with her entire territory, into this Union,
as an independent and sovereign State, and have
no right to alienate or surrender any portion of it.
This obligation, the gentlemen of the opposition
admit, so far as respects the country to the north-
east of the Nueces, but deny both the obligation
and right to go beyond that river. I should have
felt myself under peculiar obligations to them, if
they would have condescended to inform us upon
what grounds they assume the Nueces to have
been the boundary line of the Republic of Texas,
and draw a distinction between our right to the
country on the opposite sides of that stream. I
know nothing in the history of that republic, from
its birth to its transition, that will authorize any
such assumption. In order that I might be certain
of the accuracy of the facts to which I am about
to refer, I have taken the precaution, within the
last few; minutes, to have them authenticated by
the testimony of the two most distinguished actors
(one of whom I now recognise in my eye) of those
thrilling and glorious scenes of the Texan revolu-
tion. Before this high authority, I assert that, as
eai ly as the campaign of 1835, there were soldiers
and officers too in the Texan army, who resided
in the country between the Nueces and the Del
Norte. These same heroic men fiom the west
side of the Nueces, or so many of them as had not
been butchered by the Mexican soldiery, weie
present at the battle of San Jacinto, on the 21st of
April, 1836, when Santa Anna was captured, and
the Mexican army annihilated. Although few in
number, and from their residences exposed to
more of the barbarities of the Mexicans than any
other portion of Texas, they were faithful to the
cause of freedom, and constant m their devotion to
the cause of the republic throughout its existence
Immediately after the battle of San Jacinto, Santa
Anna made a proposition to the commander of the
Texan army to make a treaty of peace, by which
Mexico would recognise the independence of
Texas, with the Rio del Norte as the boundary
In May, 1836, such a treaty was made between
the government of Texas and Santa Anna, in which
the independence of the republic of Texas wax
