816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
acknowledged, and the Rio del Norte recognised
as the boundary. In pursuance of this treaty, the
remnant of the Mexican army were ordered by
Santa Anna to retire beyond the confines of the
Republic of Texas, and take their position on the
west side of the Rio del Norte, wluch they did in
conformity with the treaty of peace.
Mr. J. W. HOUSTON. I wish to ask of the
gentleman from Illinois, was that treaty ever rati-
fied by the Government of Mexico ?
Mr. DOUGLASS. I will answer the gentle-
man's question with great pleasure. That treaty
was never ratified on the part of Mexico by any-
body cxcept Santa Anna, for the very good reason
that, in the year previous, Santa Anna had usurped
tiie Government of Mexico, hail abolished the Con-
stitution and the regularly established Government,
and taken all the powers of Government into his
own hands. To give stability to the power which
lie had usurped by the sword, he called a Congress
around him, composed of his own adherents and
followers, and had himself formally proclaimed
Dictator of the Republic of Mexico, and, as such,
clothed with all the powers of Government, civil
and military. In this capacity, he marched Ins
armies into Texas for the purpose of reducing those
people into subjection to tin; despotism which he
had established, and exterminating the. last vestige
of freedom which remained m all his dominions.
While engaged in this work of desolation with fire
and sword, committing butcheries and barbaiities
unknown to civilized warfare, he fell into the hands
of the heroic Houston and lus gallant little army,
a captive to those whom he was striving to reduce
to captivity. Then it was that the tyrant became
the suppliant—a suppliant for ills life and liberty—
at the hands of those he had designed as his victims.
There the Dictator bent the knee in prayer for
mercy, oil'ering to recognise the independence of
.1 c\"as, with the Rio Del Norte. Subsequently
the treaty was entered into in due foun, as 1 have
already stated, and the Mexicans evacuated Texas
in pursuance of its provisions, retiring to the west
side of the Rio Del Norte. This treaty was en-
tered into by the Government of Mexico de facto,
Santa Anna combining in his own person at the time
all the powers of the Government, and as such was
binding on the Mexican nation-
Mr. JOHN Q.U1NCY ADAMS. I desire to
inquire of the gentleman from Illinois if Santa Anna
was not a prisoner of war at the time, and in duress,
when he executed that treaty?
iVIr. DOUGLAS,S, in reply. Santa Anna was a
prisoner of war at the time, and so was the entire
Government of Mexico, he being the Government
de facto, and clothed with all the powers of Govern-
ment,, civil and military. The Government was a
prisoner at the time, and in duress. l!ut will it be
contended that thai circumstance rendered its obli-
gation the less obligatory' We are now at, war
with Mexico. Our armies will soon inarch into the
heart of that, country. I trust lliey will penetrate
as far as the capital, and capture the army, people,
and Government—make them all prisoners of war,
and keep them in duress until they shall conclude
a tieaty of peace and boundary with us, by wluch
they shall not only recognise the Rio del Norte,
but such other line as we shall choose to dictate
or accept. Will the gentleman from Massaehu-
sftts contend that a treaty made with us under
(.hose circumstances would not be binding, be-
cause, forsooth, the Government was a prisoner at
the tune? How is a conquered nation ever to
make peace, if the gentleman's doctrine is to pre-
vail ? They refuse to make peace before they are
conqueicd, because they hope for victory. They
arc incompetent to do so afterwards, because they
are in duress! Surely an unfortunate and defeated
belligeient would be in a most lamentable condi-
tion: too imbecile to resist, disarmed, conquered,
still incompetent to make a treaty of peace, and
adjust the matter in dispute on such fair and equi-
table terms as a magnanimous foe shall propose,
because the war of aggression which they com-
menced has resulted disastrously, and made them
captives! I fear that, if this doctrine shall prevail,
these gentlemen will soon find their Mexican
friends in a most pitiable condition. Perhaps, if
that Government should be reduced to captivity,
these gentlemen would require that our armies
should retire within our own territory, and set the
Government, at liberty, before negotiations for
peace could be opened. This may be their view
of the subject, but I doubt whether it is the view
May 13.
which the American Government or the American
people will deem it their duty to act upon. Our
crude notions of things may teach us that the city
of Mexico would be the most suitable place to
form a treaty of peace.
Mr. ADAMS. Has not that treaty with Santa
Anna been discarded by the Mexican Government
since ?
Mr. DOUGLASS. I presume it has; for I am
not aware of any treaty or compact which that
Government ever entered into that has -not either
been violated or repudiated by them afterwards.
And our treaty stipulations with them famish am-
ple ground for this presumption. I havfe not
deemed it necessary to inquire, therefore, what
particular acts of disavowal have been since adopt-
ed by the Mexican Government. It is sufficient
for niy purpose that the treaty was entered into
and sanctioned by fhe Government de facto for the
time being. The acts of a Government de facto
are binding on the nation as against foreign nations,
without reference to the mode in which that Gov-
ernment was established, whether by revolution,
usurpation, or rightful and constitutional means.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 deny it—1 deny the proposi-
tion.
Mr. DOUGLASS. I do not intend to enter
j into a discussion of the law of nations with the
I learned gentleman from Massachusetts. I will
I only say that I understand all writers on the law
! ot nations to lay down the principle as I have
j stated. Certainly the practice and usages of all
l civilized nations sanction it, of which history fur-
! nishes us innumerable examples. Mexico herself
j was nothing but a Govcrnmeiit-tfc facto in the strict
legal sense of the term, at the time of the Texan
revolution. She had revolted from Spain in !
1821, and had successfully maintained her na- j
tional existence, but her independence was not i
recognised by the mother country until December, j
X83G. Yet we had recognised her existence as 1
a Government de facto in the meantime, and had |
entered into treaties of commerce, as well as of
boundary. These treaties were made with the
existing Government for the time being, whether
a constitutional republic, a military despotism, or
a dictatorship. We never .pretended to inquire
into the question whether the .Government had
beon rightfully formed or not; it was sufficient for
our purposes that it was the existing Government
de facto. So it was with Texas. She became in-
dependent de facto in 18JG, and we recognised her
independence as such immediately afterwards, and
so did .England, J'ranee, and most of the great
Powers ot the globe. AH other notions formed
treaties with her as a Government de facto, without
inquiring who had been right and who in the
wrong in her revolutionary struggle. We pur-
chased Louisiana from Napoleon, a usurper at the
head of a military despotism. Docs the gentleman
deny the validity of the acts of the British Gov-
ernment during the times of Oliver Cromwell,
because it was a mere Government de facto, estab-
lished in blood, in violation of the British Consti-
tution? Many of the most important treaties
altccting the destinies of Europe were made with the
British Government durina- that np.rinr!. W(m
during that period. Who
ever thought of denying their validity because
they had been made by a Government de facto,
which had been reared on the ruins of the British
monarchy? The doctrine of the gentleman from
Massachusetts is a novel one; it finds no sanction
m the books, and no examples m history. The
universal doctrine is, that the acts of the Govern-
ment dc facto arc binding upon the nation as against
other nations, Irom the conscquences of which it
cannot release itself by a subsequent revolution.
It is immaterial, therefore, wheiher Mexico has or
has not since icpudiated Santa Anna's treaty with
I cxas. It was executed at the time l>y competent
authority. She availed herself of all its benefits.
i>y virtue of it she saved the remnant of her army
from total annihilation. Under itshewas enabled
to remove in peace and security all her soldiers,
citizens, and property, beyond the Rio Del Norte,
i he question is, had she a moral or legal right
to lepudiate it, alter she had enjoyed all its advan-
tagc-s? But the right of Texas to the country west
j of the Nucccs does not icst on this treaty and the
preceding acts alone. She has had legal posses-
sion of, and exercised jurisdiction over it, from that
day to this.^ When the people of Texas assem-
bled m 1836 to form the constitution of the repub-
lic, the inhabitants residing between the Nueces
and the Rio del Norte had' their representative
there. James Powers, a citizen and resident of
that part of Texas, was a delegate in that conven-
tion. Colonel Renny, formerly a citizen of my
own State, has for many years resided west of the
Nueces, and represented that country in the/Texan
Congress. He was a member the co«veriti®n
^hich formed the-constitution of the State of Tex-
as, preparatory to her admission into the Union,
and is now a member of the Senate of that State.
Besides all these ,fact£f( Texas' has had 'sfetentjes
organized, and courts established there Tot-ycars,
and has successfully mSmtaintJd her jurisdiction,
not only against the Cumanche Indians, butagamst
all the marauding parties that* Mexico has been
able to send across the.Rio del Norte.'
There is still another item of-information whfch
I can give the gentleman, to show that Mexico
has, at a recent date, recognised the Rio del Norte
as the boundary. The members of the last Con-
gress Will recollect that much was said in debate
on the treaty and resolutions' for the annexation of
Texas, about an armistice which had been entered
into between Texas and Mexico, for the cessation
of hostilities.- The proposition was proposed and
accepted; and in the proclamation of the President
of Mexico announcing its existence, the Mexican
troops were directed to retire from Texas to the
west bank of the Rio del Norte, and did so in pur-
suance of that armistice.. Here we find a clear'and
unequivocal recognition of the Rio del Norte as tlje
boundary by Mexico as late as 1843. What strong-
er evidence could we have of the establishment of
a boundary line than this train of facts, reaching
back as far as 1835, and all tending to two points—
first, that Texas'has. always claimed the country
west of the Nueces, and exercised jurisdiction over
all sections of it occupied by her jjeople; and sec-
ondly, that Mexico has, on all occasions, recog-
nised the Rio del Norte as the boundary?
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to- ask the gentleman
from Illinois if the last Congress did not pass a
law regulating commerce and trade to the foreign
Province of Santa Pe ?
Mr. DOUGLASS. I believe there was an act
passed regulating trade between Independence,
Missouri, and Santa. Fe. I do not' now recollect
its exact provisions; Nor is it important, inas-
much as that was befor'e Texas was annexed to
this Union. Of course Santa Fe was foreign to us at
that time, whether it belonged to Texas or Mexico.
But as the venerable gentleman from Massachu-
setts has called my attention to an act of Congress,
which he supposes bears upon the point at issue, I
will reciprocate the compliment, by asking his at-
tention to one for which he voted at the present
session. "Will that gentleman inform us why he
voted at the present session of Congress for a bill
establishing a collection district in Texas, and in it
included the country between the Nueces and the
Del Norte, and in the bill itself- provided for the
establishment of a port of delivery west of the
Nueces, and the appointment of a surveyor of the
port to reside there, and to superintend the execu-
tion of the United States revenue laws, over the
very country which he now asserts belongs to
Mexico? The present Congress has.passed such
a law. It is now in force over the country in dis-
pute, and the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] and if my recollection serves me right,
every gentleman of this House ■ who is now de-
nouncing the President for sending the army there,
voted for that law. My friend from Ohio, who
sits nearest to me, says the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts made a speech for it—a fact which had
escaped my recollection. A surveyor at that port
has been appointed by the President, and confirm-
ed by the Senate, and, I am informed, has been
engaged for months in the performance of his duties
under the law, for which all these especial guardians
of Mexican rights voted. Now, sir, I ask in all
fairness and candor, what right these gentlemen
have to abuse the President for sending the army
into that country to protect the lives of our citi-
zens, after they had voted to take legal possession
of it by the extension of our laws ? They had
asserted our right to the country by a solemn act
of Congress; they had erected it into a collection
district; the Constitution required the President to
appoint the officers, and see the laws faithfully
executed. He has done so; and for this simple
discharge of duty, under a law for which they
voted, he is now denounced, in the coarsest terms
known to our language, as having done an test un-
