THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES,
SSth' Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MAY 13, 1846.
New Series....No. 52.
holy, unrighteous, and damnable. And this de-
nunciation is endorsed by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, who, in 1819, declared that our title to
the Del JSForte was as perfect as to the island of
New Orleans.
Mr. ADAMS, I never sa-id that our title was
good to the Rio del Norte from its 'mouth to its
source.
Mr. DOUGLASS. I fully understand the points
of the gentleman's denial. He denies that he'
claimed the Del Norte all the way to its source. I
know nothing of his mental reservations. He
claimed the Del Norte as the boundary, without
specifying how far it extended up the river. He
will not deny this fact, for I have the official evi-
dence over lus own signature. It is true 1 cannot
prove the handwriting, for it is printed in the
State Papeis, and is his celebrated despatch to Don
Onis, the Spanish Minister.
Mr. ADAMS. I wrote that despatch as Secre-
tary of State, and endeavored to make out the best
case I could for my own country, as it was my
duty. But I utterly deny that I claimed the Rio
del Norte in its whole extent. I only claimed it as
the line a short distance up, and then took a line
northward, some distance from the river.
Mr. DOUGLASS. Will the gentleman specify
the point from which his line left the river?
Mr. ADAMS. 1 never stated the point.
Mr. DOUGLASS. Was it above Matamoras?
Mr. ADAMS. I never specified any particular
point.
Mr. DOUGLASS. I have heard of this line to
which the gentleman refers. It followed a river
near to the gorge of the mountains, ccrtainly more
than one hundred miles above Matamoras. Con-
sequently, taking the gentleman on his own claim,
the position occupied by General Taylor opposite
Matamoras, and every inch of the ground upon
which an American soldier has planted his foot,
were clearly within our own teiritory as claimcd
by him in 1839. I am not now (o be diverted from
the real point at issue by tracing the line beyond
which our army has marched. My present object
is to repel the calumnies which have been uttered
against our Government for the purpose of putting
our country in the wrong in the existing war. I
have exposed these calumnies by reference to the
acts ana admissions of our accusers, by which
they have asserted our title at least as high up as
we have taken possession. The President had
oidered the army no further than Oongiess had
extended our laws. I have shown that the coun-
try in dispute has constituted one congressional
election district in Texas since 1836; that its citi-
zens engaged in the war of the revolution; that
they participated in the convention which formed
the constitution of the republic, and also the State
constitution, that the same country is within a sen-
atorial district for the State of Texas, and has a
Senator residing within it; that it forms a part of
one of the districts for electing members to the
Congress of the United States; and that it is inclu-
ded in our revenue districts for the collection of
tariff duties, and has officers of the customs resi-
ding within it.
In view of all these facts, I submit it to the can-
dor of every honest man, whether the President
did not do his duty, and nothing but his duty, when
he ordered the army to the Rio del Norte. Should
he have folded his arms, and allowed our citizens
to be murdered and our territory to be invaded
with impunity? Have we not forborne to act of-
fensively until our forbearance is construed into
cowardice, and is exciting contempt from those to-
wards whom we have exercised our magnanimity?
We havealong list of grievances—along catalogue
of wrongs to be avenged. The war has commenced,
and he who is not on the side of our country must
necessarily be a traitor to it. I had trusted and
hoped that there would be no anti-war party, after
war was once declared. But I am particularly mor-
tified to see one of those who were ready to go to
war for Oregon, arranging himself on the side of
the enemy, when our country is invaded on another
side of the Union. To me, our country, and all
its parts, are one and indivisible. I would rally
52
under her standard for the defence of one portion
as soon as the other—the South as soon as the,
North; for Texas as soon as Oregon. And I will
here now do my southern friends the justice to say,
that I firmly believe, and never doubted, that if
war had arisen out of the Oregon question, when
once declared, they would have stood shoulder to
shoulder by me, as firmly as I shall by them in
this Mexican war. When the Oregon issue comes,
I have no fears of the result.
Mr. ADAMS. I thought 1 understood the gen-
tleman, some time ago, to be for 54° 40*, and to
tell his southern friends that he wanted no dodging
on the Oregon question.
Mr. DOUGLASS. Sir, I was for 54° 40', and
am as ready to fight for that line as the Del Norte.
My patriotism is not of that kind which would
lead me to go to war to enlarge one section of the
Union out of mere hatred and vengeance towaids
the other. I know of no sections in this respect;
and while I did complain of some of my southern
friends on the Oregon question, 1 never doubted
their patriotism when war was actually declared.
But, since the gentleman from Massachusetts has
referred to the Oregon question, I wish to call his
attention to one of his wise sayings on that sub-
ject, and see if he will not apply it to Texas as
well as Oregon. He told us that he went for the
policy of the great Frederick in regard to Silesia.
He was for taking possession first, and negotiating
afterwtuds. According to the gentleman's own
showing, that is precisely what Mr. Polk has done
in regard to the country on the Del Norte. He
certainly ought not to blame the President for act-
ing over one of his own maxims. The President
has taken possession, and has offered to negotiate,
and gone so far as to send a Minister to Mexico
for that purpose. For this he is abused also. He
is condemned alike for using the sword and the
olive bianch. His enemies object to his efforts for
amicable adjustment as much as to the operations
of the army. All is wrong in their eyes. Their
country is always wrong, and our enemies in the
right. It has ever been so. It was so in the last
war. Then it was unbecoming a moral and re-
ligious free people to rejoice at the success of our
arms. We were wrong in their estimation in the
French indemnity case—in the Florida war—in all
the Indian wars, and now in the Mexican war. I
despair of ever seeing my country again in the
right, if they are to be the oracles.
Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT asked why, if
that was the case, this Government had offered
compensation for the grant,of the Rio Grande as
the boundary?
Mr. DOUGLASS did not know (he said) that
such an offer had been made.
Mr. HUNT said the offer was made by Mr.
Shannon.
Mr. DOUGLASS said it was a secret that was
not intrusted to the friends of the Administration.
Mr. HUNT. Then the gentleman denies it?
Mr. DOUGLASS. Certainly not. I know no-
thing about and caio nothing about it. I neither
deny nor affirm things as to which I have no
knowledge. The gentleman from Massachusetts
did not deny that we had some claim to the coun-
try west of the Nueces.
Mr. ADAMS, if the gentleman refers to me, I
deny the fact.
Mr. DOUGLASS. I can prove it, sir, from
the gentleman's words, though they are not in his
handwriting, being m print. In his letter to Don
Onis he sa}7s: <k Well might Mr. Monroe and Mr,
< Pinckney assert that our title to the Rio Grande
' del Norte was. as good as to the island of New Or-
' leans;" and this assertion the gentleman not only
made, but proved by a great number of authori-
ties. The gentleman from Massachusetts had said,
in relation to Oregon, that he would take posses-
sion first, and negotiate afterwards: and he should
certainly not now blame Mr. Polk for following
his advice in regard to Mexico.
Mr. ADAM& here made a remark, intimating
that he was afraid the President would give up
Oregon.
Mr. DOUGLASS hoped, he said, for the best.
He stood out for the whole, and believed that we
should get it; and if for no other reason, because
the British title had been demonstrated so clearly
here, that the demands based upon it would not be
acceded to by the Ameiican Congress. Butwhat-
ever became of Oregon, he would stand by Texas.
He believed his country to be w the right.
The gentleman from Ohio has spoken of the ex-
pense of the war. He (Mr. D.) was not cold-
blooded enough to sit down and count the money
which it might cost; nor would it be of any use, be-
cause we were now in the _ war. _ The object m
holding out an exaggerated idea of the expense of
the wa" was, to destioy the credit of the country,
and to paralyze its efforts. For the same reason,
it was denounced as an unholy and damnable war.
Mr. PAYNE here asked, whether the money
which had been appropriated for the object was
not already in the treasury?
Mr. DOUGLASS said there was money enough
in the treasury to meet the present emergency.
Mr. PAYNE said he so understood it  and he
wished the fact to be known to the country.
Mr. THURMAN took the floor, and on his
motion the committee rose, and reported its action
on the West Point Academy bill, and progress on
the army bill.
RELATIONS WITH MEXICO.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of J. K. Walker,
his Private Secretary, informing the House that he
had approved and Signed the Mexican war bill.
Also, the bill to increase the rank and file of
the auny.
THE FORTIFICATION BILL.
A mcssaee was received from the Senate, by A.
Dickens, Esq., Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed the fortification bill,
with cerlain amendments.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 14, 1846.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that said House had pass-
ed a hill making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the year ending June 30,
1846, in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
Also, that the President of the United States had
notified said House that he had signed the bill to
increase the rank and file of the army of the United
States; and also
An " Act providing for the prosecution of the
existing war between the United States and the
Republic of Mexico."
Also, an act for the relief of Charles W. Bing-
ley.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a com-
munication from the Post Office Department, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, show-
I ing the number of letters and the amount of post-
' age,at tbespeeified rates,for the month of October;
: which was read, and referred to the Committee on
1 the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
; printed.
| The PRESIDENT also laid before the Senate
I a communication from the Department of War,
i transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
I the Senate, the proceedings of a Court of Inquiry,
! in the case of Major J. W. Ripley, superintendent
, of the Springfield armory; which was laid on the
| table and ordered to be printed, together with the
■ accompanying documents,
j PETITIONS,
j Mr. BERRIEN presented the memorial of the
| Macon and Western Railroad Company, asking
j to be allowed to import a quantity of railroad iron
j free of duty; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
memorial of Lewis G. De Russey, late a pay-
