1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
Mr. CALHOUN saitl tie regarded the recom-
mendation of the Paymaster Geneva! as a sufficient
reason, if there was no other, why the alteration
should be made. He was a, most efficient officer,
and the department'■under -his control was con-
ducted in .a kigMy creditable manner./ The sub-
ject might be viewed under two aspects: first, in
relation to the .disbursement of money; and, sec-
ondly, in relation to its political character.1 As
regarded the first, th6 only security wa.s in render-
ing the accounts. As, regarded the political bear-
ing, he concurred inithe opinion expressed by the
Senator from North Carolina. The limiting the
term of office had done more towards malting a
revolution in the Government of the United States
than almost any other. Going back to the origin
of that law, it would be found that ah extended
controversy had taken place as to whether the re-
moving power belonged to the President or not;
and after much .discussion it was decided—errone-
ously, he thought—that the power was incidental
to the Presidential office. In that discussion Mr.
Madison asserted that in his opinion it would be
an impeachable offence to remove an officer with-
out good reasons being assigned for such removal;
and that was the prevailing opinion. He agreed
with the Senator from North Carolina that the law
thereafter enacted was founded upon the spoils
system; for from that time our Government had
become literaliy a Government of spoils, dragging
it in its downward .road to rnin. He believed ft
would come, in fact it had come to this, that every
four years there would he a revolution of party in
the United States. The Presidential election had
become a struggle between two parties. Office ex-
pectants being more numerous than officeholders,
the latter must suffer defeat, and thus was pro-
duced a system of continual vibration. The ex-
isting iaw had opened the door to this improper
state of things, and he thought they could not do a
wiser thing' than put an end to it;'for, if they did
apt put down the system, it would eventually put
down the Government.
Mr. WEBSTER said he had no disposition to
.enter into a discussion of the question of Execu-
tive patronage on this occasion. A bill had pnssi d
the Senate, if ho rightly remembered, in the
effect or object of which was to reduce the influ-
ence of the.Executive derivable from the esr<wci«i>
of the appointing power. Tiie question then led
lo a discussion, historical and argumentative, of
the. general question of the removing power of
the President. In the consideration of that sub-
ject,-he had come to a conclusion satisfactory to
himself, that the general- rate adopted by the 'le-
gislature as the construction of the Constitution
was erroneous. The first decision on the subject
was made in that body in the year 1789, upon the
passage of a law providing for the appointment
and removal of-the Secretary of the Treasury.
The bill provided that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury should be removed or removable at the will of
the President. The question was much discussed,
and it was finally decided by retaining the.clause
by the casting vote of the President of the Senate,
Mr. John Adams. Mr. Madison led the debate
on the same subject in the.,other House, and in that
debate expressed the sentiment that any President
who should remove from office a meritorious offi-
■eer upon politioal grounds alone would be worthy
of impeachment. Mr.-Madison, however, yielded
to what appeared to him to bo an argument of
necessity, and the two Houses of Congress recog-
nised the power of removal to be in the President,
though'the power of appointment was vested not
in -him alone, but in him together with the Senate;
and thus a complete anomaly was introduced; for
he believed there was no other Government on the
face of the earth in which the power of removal
assisted in one body, or under, one organization, I
,and the power of appointment in another. ' i
Mr. BERRIEN. The power of removal at!
pleasure? • i j
Mr. WEBSTER-said he meant, of course the
power of removal at pleasure. He knew of no
constitutional form of government in which the
power of removal was not considered part and par-
eel of the power of appointment. The office being
held at the will of the appointing power, the remo-
val of one man was effected by the appointment of
another. There was no separate process of remo-
val, and herein consisted the incongruity, he had
almost said the absurdity, of our course of pro-
ceeding. There was no recorded copy of removals.
The President sends to the Senate a list of names,
A and R to be appointed in the place of C and D,
removed. When were they removed ' They re-
ceived no notice of removal until their successors
presented themselves to talte possession of their
offices.
After the discussion upon the subject in the Sen-
ate in 1836, many distinguished Senators, never
having had their'attention turned to the subject
before, were of opinion that the original construc-
tion of the Constitution was wrong. The bill re-
quired that whenever a removal was made by the
President, he should signify to the Senate this cause
of removal. He remembered very well the his-
tory of the bill of 1820. It originated in the Sen-
ate, and was advocated by several leading distin-
guished gentlemen, who proceeded upon the ground
of placing more responsibility upon the persons
appointed, and providing for greater accuracy and
promptitude in the settlement of accounts. But
they did not take the political view of the question
at all. Th^y never dreamed of the great exten-
sion of political power which they wove giving to
the chief executive officer of the. Government.
They were nil aware of the unhappy state of things
which had thus been brought about. It was a state
of things which had a most pernicious tendency,
leading to a constant succession of contests for po-
litical power, which contests were stimulated and
promoted fur more by personal motives than by a
desire to advance the public interests. Taking it
for granted that there would always be opposing
parties existing in a popular Government—and he
supposed that all wise and sensible men would ad-
mit that it was of importance that there should be
opposing parties—he supposed also that everv sen-
sible man would admit that a^ little of personal
motives phould he permitted to enter into political
struggles.
At on onrlv period of the session he had intima-
ted to the Senator from Virginia that it was his
purpose, during the session, to revive ihe bill
which passed the Senate m 1H36, and to bring the
subject again to the consideration of the Senate
and befoie the country; for In1 \vn!y believed tlmt,
there wax not a f.ict or circumstance of more evil
omen existing m th's Government than the great
facility which the four-von rs law a Horded to the
Executive Government for increasing its influence.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said he had examined
the subject somewhat, attentively, and in his opin-
ion the Senator from South Carolina had suggested
the true remedy for the disease, viz: the. regulation
of thepower of removal from oince by law. There
was nothing to prohibit Congress from passing
such a law, and the President would be. bound to
see that it should be carried out. A remedy w hich
he himself had had the honor to submit many vears
ago, was that a law should be passed pro ndimr that
the President might, during the receys of Congress
if it became necessary, make removals, but that
he should submit to the Senate, ni its Executive
capacity at im next meeting, the causes of such
removals. Thus the matter would be subject to
the control of that body, where he thought the
y>o\ver ought to he vested, viz: in the representa-
tives of the sovereign States of the Union. When-
ever audi a proposition should be made he would
be ready to support it.
Mr. ALLEN next addressed the Senate. He
said: This debate has extended bejmnd the limits
of the bill before the Senate, and has embraced the
general question of the power of the President to
remove officers. Many remarks lwve been made
in disparagement of that practice, and in justifica-
tion of its converse. The bill before us purposes,
j I understand, to repeal the act at present in force by
; which paymasters are appointed for four vears, and
I to make such appointments substantially for life, j
! I am verv well aware that the indiscriminate cxer-
| cise of the power of removal carries with it many
! great inconveniences. It has undoubtedly many
objections. But I do not believe that these objec-
tions, numerous and grave as they may be, bear
any sort of proportion to the objections which may
be urged against the opposite policy. We have to
look to experience as the great instructor upon this
subject, and we must include the whole system of
American Government, including the States as well
as the Federal system. We are'to look to the gen-
eral sense of the American people on this subject of
the tenure of office and the power of removal; and
we ure to look at it through all the departments
politically. How is it, then, in the States ? Begin
with the legislative department. There you find
that the authority which is vested by the people,
according to the forms of the Constitution, in in-
dividual "citizens, by which they are constituted
the legislators of the States, is in every instance
limited to a period of years. And why ? Because a
return of the power to the body of the people, and
a passing m review of the agents who exercised
that power before the great tribunal of the people,
has been found, from the foundation of the Govern'
mcnt to the present day, to constitute the great safe-
guard of the rights and liberties of the people.
That is the case in State and Federal legislation.
How is it with regard to the Executive power,
which is the power now in question? In every
single instance the Executive power is not only
limited to a term of years, but to a very short term
of years. And for the same reason as in the other
case—in order that the agents who exercise that
power may be made to pa^s in review before the
tribunal of the people, in whose behoof and by
whose authority the power was delegated to them.
Look to the judiciary power, of all others under
the Government the one supposed by many, which
ought to lie passed out of the reach of popular re-
vision, and to be made enduring and permanent.
How with that power? In the Federal Govern-
ment it stands where it was placed by the Consti-
tution of the United States—vested for life; but in
many of the States of the Union, in which origi-
nally the judicial power was limited to a large
number of years, the tenure has been abridged by
experience. In some of the eases, where the power
of electing judges was vested in the legislative au-
thority of the State it has been transferred—for the
purpose of bringing it, more immediately under the
revision of the popular eye—to the people them-
selves. That's how it has been ! It isa great Amer-
ican principle. It lies at the foundation of our
system.
The frequent recurrence to first principles is one
great feature in our system of government, and
the frequent recurrence to the otigmal source by
which power i4* delegated is another. Sir, we
have, deeklod this question as a nation and an
StatfH. We heve dreaded these fixtures which
grow up info a settled and independent authority
—an authority independent of the people, and
which soon become, in virtue of that independence,
essentially and of necessity hostile to the people.
We dread this sort of corporate authority to hold
political power during the life of an. individual.
Besides, our Government, sir, is one that rests
unon the will of the people. The great struggle
of all good men is to interest the whole body of
the people in the action of the Government, by
keeping their attention constantly fixed upon its
action. And although in this struggle we may
invoke individual selfishness to participate more
fiercely than otherwise in the political contests of
the day, yet that very fact has its advantages as
well os disadvantages—and very great advantages.
The enjoyment, of the public honors of the country
is a part of the rights and fortunes of the Amer-
ican people-—it is apart of the honorable induce-
ment held out to them to be loyal to free institu-
tions. It is calculated to elevate the public mind,
and the whole mass of the people, to let it be
j known distinctly that every one is eligible under
the Constitution to these honors, and that office
is accessible to all, in consequence of there being
no privileged class in the community who are en-
titled to enjoy office for life. Again: everybody
knows that the moment a man feels secure for life
in his office, he cultivates a feeling of independence
and disregard to the people which rises to a per-
fect contempt of the people. Authority then cornea
to be more appreciated than liberty. The man
begins to feci a taste for arbitrary power. He
begins to talk about the tumult of the masses. He
begins to dread the wholesome political excite-
ment by which the masses are interested in the
affairs of the Government. He sets himself up as
a being created to authority—as a curb in the
mouth of the masses. That's the feeling. It does
not belong to one man more than another, perhaps,
but is inseparable from the condition of a man
placed in a state where he is conscious of the en-
joyment of power, and originates in that disposi-
tion that is inheient in the human mind to abuse
power when it can be abused with impunity. I
say, then, that the benefits resulting from the prin-
ciple which I am defending more than counter-
balances the necessary evils. Ail this idea pro-
