820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14/
ceeds upon the principle th.it the people of the
United States are induced by a mere selfish excite-
ment to take too much inteiest in the atTans of
government—that the mail seeking office goes
about and incites the people to take too much in-
terest in political affairs. I deny this, f do not
believe that such a thing can occur. I do not be-
lieve that the mind of this great nation ever is, or
ever can be, too much excited about the public
affairs. I believe that these excitements, though
they may occasionally look scowlinglyon the pub-
lic peace, yet constitute the only guaranty we have
in this country, or in any other, for the preserva-
tion of popular liberty; and the moment the public
mind is hilled into repose—the moment that the
eyes of the people are diverted from public, affairs
—the moment that they are lulled into a belief that
all is going on well, and that they need not disturb
themselves about public affairs, then public au-
thority will override public liberty. This does
not connect itself with one party or with the other
in particular, but exists in the genius, and nature,
and constitution of the human mind.
There are paymasters in the army. They are
money-holders. They are intrusted", as dishuis-
ing officers, with an immense amount of money,
and it is proposed by this bill to give them a lease
for life of public authority. Thcv arc the iery
class of public officers, which, of all others, should
be brought most directly in review of the appoint-
ing power. The President of the United Suites is
required by law to administer the laws. The Con-
stitution holds him responsible for the manner in
which the laws are executed. When a law is
wrongly executed, who is blamed? The President
of the United States is blamed. Why? Because
the Constitution entrusts him with the duty of see-
ing that the laws are rightfully executed. "How is
it with the people themselves? Where is a power
more competent to pass judgment oil a public of-
ficer than the people themselves? As to the evil !
spoken of, arising from party contests for office, I
should like to know how that would be prevented
by making life the tenure of office. Every office-
holder would have his relatives, whose prefer-
ment he would desire, and would therefore be-
come just as much a party man as if liable to be
turned out.
Mr. MANG-UM. Suppose the law passed 
would not. the President have, the power to see the
law faithfully executed, if necessary, by Ihe re-
moval of the officer?
Mr. ALLEN. It might be that he would. Tint
it may be, notwithstanding, that he will have good !
reason to adopt that kirftl [Here, owing to noisy
conversation of persons in the gallery—a constant
source of annoyance to the reporters—a few sen-
tences were lost.] This is one of the inconve-
niences which grow out of free institutions, owing ;
to the imperfection of human nature, and which j
you can never avoid and preserve these institu- I
tions. That's the ground that I take. 1 will nsk, 1
where is the power more quick ill removing ob- !
noxious public agents than that exercised by the ;
people themselves? None, sir. The President 1
on coming into power, finds thirty or forty thou- I
sand officeholders entirely adverse to his views j
and principles, and hating bun for his success. I
How is it possible that," with them, he eouid' !
faithfully execute the laws? But 1 am, above all, I
opposed to this life estate of political power, be- I
cause it puts the official out of the reach of popu- I
lar revision. I do not care who the official is. I I
hope to see the judges of the United States elected j
every four years. It ought to be done. That's 1
my opinion about it. If the highest public func-
tionary m the Government is elected every four
years, and must then pass before the people before !
his lease can be renewed, if it be renewed at all, r i
think it is proper that all subordinate officers should '
be regulated in the same way. In conclusion, I
repeat, that those life estates of political authority
are entirely adverse to the genius and structure of
our free institutions.
Mr. HUNTINGTON made some remarks m
explanation of his position. He approved of the
°f t!lc ®enat01' from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Webster,] with regard to the exercise of the
power of removal by the President, and thought a
remedy by legislation should be applied; but he
was in favor of the proposition of the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] because he could not
distinction between the paymaster and the
civil disbursing officers included in the act of 1820 !
| such as would justify an exception in their favor.
I He desired the law to stand.
I Mr. MOREHEAD said he did not intend to go
into an investigation of what he considered the
proper doctrine in relation to removal from office,
because he did not think that this was a fit occa-
sion to go into the discussion of a question, of such
magnitude. He had risen simply to say that he
did not recognise the power of the President to re-
move from office, either directly or indirectly. It
was a power susceptible of more abuse, and lead-
ing to more dangerous consequences, than any
other power constitutionally exercised by the Ex-
ecutive. Neither in the Constitution nor in the
practice of the Government was the exercise of this
power sanctioned in the President. When the
discussion arose on the subject in 1789, concerning
this power, Mr. Madison assumed that the power
did exist inherent in the Executive Department-
Congress went so far as to recognise the power of
removal for cause, but never went so far as to ac-
knowledge it to the extent of removal at the dis-
cretion of the President. Surely it was not con-
tended by Mr. Madison, or any other member of
Congress, that any such power belonged to the
President. On the other hand, when Mr. Madi-
son said it was a power inherent in the Executive,
it was insisted that, if in the exercise of it, faithful
incumbents were removed without cause, it would
be a sufficient ground for impeachment. He (Mr.
M.) looked on this as a most dangerous power,
and lie was extremely gratified that the Senator
from Massachusetts proposed to bring the subject
before Congress in a proper form. Pie trusted he
would. He would, at all events, have thesanction
of the arguments and votes of many of the most
distinguished individuals who had occupied seats
on that floor, and the advantage of the recorded
votes of the Senate itself on that very question. If
he (Mr. M.) did not mistake, the Senate of the.
United States had denied that the power existed,
and had adopted n resolution denying the power
of the President of the United States, and regula-
ting the power as held by him in conjunction with
the Senate of the United States. He trusted the
Senator from Massachusetts would persist in his
determination, and as far as he (Mr. M.) was con-
cerned, ho would give him nil the support he could
give. He would content himself, then, with the
observations he bad already made, hut would again
take the opportunity o'f discussing the subject
when it came up in a form admissible of more'ex-
tensive argument. |
Mr SEVIER thought it very strange that, about i
the first session of every Administration, they were
favored with that old question about removal from
office. In 183(1, it so happened that the. Senate en-
tertained difl'erentpolitical sentiments from the Pres-
ident, and it was then the resolution referred to by
the Senator from Kentucky was passed. Pie made
removals that did not meet their sanction, and they
were disposed to resist them. Since that time, the
Senatorsfrom Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] and from
South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] had given -their
commentaries on it. (Mr. S. here made an allu-
sion to the-practice of Mr. Tyler, and associated
Mr. Calhoun's name, as Secretary of State, there-
with: the exact words were not heard.)
Mr. CALHOUN arose t.o say, that when he
went into the Department of State, under Mr. I
Tyler, he was in entire ignorance of the practice i
spoken of. f-Te knew nothing about if, and had 1
ahvavs been opposed to the practices charged upon
Mr. Tyler in regard to removals. He condemned
it as much in him as any other, and the Senator
from Arkansas was one of the last on that floor
from whom lie would expect such a charge to come.
Mr. SEVIER made a few remarks; among the
rest, he observed, that Mr. Tyler continued to make
removals down to the very last day he was in office.
Mr. CALHOUN again arose, and reminded the
Senator from Arkansas that he (Mr. C.) had al
ready condemned the practice ~ ~ ~~
[i\£r. Calhoun,] and he .remembered the. opinions
expressed then to .him by the honorable Senator
were exactly the same as those expressed on that
occasion to the Senate.
• Mr. SEVIER then went on to say, that in ma-
king the remarks he had made, he supposed the
action of the Executive was the action of all parts
of it.. He referred to no particular person—not to
the Senator from South Carolina, but. to the Ad-
ministration of which he'formed a-.part. He said
again, that the subject of removals was a general
subject of remark. ■ When a new party came into
power, they had the old story that was begun in
1789, renewed in 1833, and continued in 1836, and
soon down till the'present. He thought, "how-.
ever, that the Democrats had consistency on their
side, to say nothing about it in 1841.
[Mr. Sevier, who was very indistinctly heard,
owing to his speaking at and to Senators instead
of the President, made here some observation
which called from Mr. Webster the-remark, " I
had no office to give."]
Mr. S. continued to say that he alluded to those
facts, to show that those distinguished gentlemen
formed part of Mr. Tyler's Cabinet. If they
looked at the yeas and nays of 1.839, they would
find every Democrat voting to sustain that power
of removal. Now, it so happened that, on this
qucstioh of removal, some persons differed from
their friends. We had gone on very well, and had
come down to the good Democratic'doctrine of
short tenures of office—immediate responsibility to
the people—and he was not willing to commence
a retrograde movement. Short tenures of office
were necessary to the maintenance of the liberties
of the country. When the officeholders formed
such a small proportion to the great mass of the
people, there was very little danger indeed that the
liberties of the country could be endangered by the
exercise of the Executive patronage. Whenever it
was known that a man was seeking office, his in-
fluence was gone. That had been what he (Mr.
S.) had always seen in his experience. But he
hoped that this question of removal from office
would not be allowed to embarrass the bill before
the Senate. When, the subject came regularly
before the body by a resolution, or bill, it would
be proper enough to discuss it.
Mr. WEBSTER arose and said, the. few obser-
vations which had occurred to-day on the bill by
him, whether right or wrong, were not intended to
apply to any individual. The honorable Senator
from Arkansas would do him the justice to say
that he (Mr. W.) did not impute to any Adminis-
tration, or of the whole succession of Administra-
tions, anything in the nature of a charge of having
carried the practice of removal from office further
than their predecessors or successors. The Sena-
tor would admit, he was sure, that the lemarks he
submitted were devoid of all personality. And
now he would take occasion to say that it was not
like the answer of a statesman to what he (Mr.
W.) had advanced, for the gentleman to say that
the Administration in which he (Mr. W.) had
borne a part had done so. Suppose that to be
true. Why, if the Administration, of which he
might happen to-tliink very well, in some respects
at least, had been-induced to follow a bad practice,
that was only a stronger reason why the practice
should be put ah" end to. No reason had been
shown why an individual in a subordinate situa-
tion , in an Administration, ought to be held respon-
! sible for its policy. But perhaps there was another
| remark which he might make with all respect,
l The Administration to which the gentleman refer-
j red—he should have said perhaps that Admin istra-
I tion did make some changes iir office not altogether
| disagreeable to the gentleman himself,
j Mr. SEVIER. Certainly; and I stood by him
! to the last. ^
| Mr. WEBSTER.. And the honorable gentle-
man had good reason for it. But it was said that
the opposite doctrine to that csf removal led to life-
holders of office, &c. Par, far otherwise, was the
whole truth. This Government recognised no life
Mr. Tyler was
m the habit of making his own removals and ap-
pointments, and was told by him (Mr. C.) that it . .   
was a new and unwarranted practice, and one to |j officers but of judges, and they were subject to the
which, had he been a new member of the Admin- jj qualifications of good behaviour, of course.. The
istration, he would not consent. jj independence of the judiciary department was sup-
Mr. MOREHEAD asked permission to make i posed, by those who framed the Constitution, to be
one remark. He, (Mr. M..) as a member of his ii best secured by giving- an independent tenure of
committee, had occasion to be occasionally at the 11 office; and however the opinion may have changed
State Department during Mr. Tyler's Administra- s in certain parts of the country, it was certainly
tion, and happened to know somethingof the views ;i still the established one within tke of. the
of the honorable Senator from South Carolina, old thirteen.States. They borrowed the
