1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
English law about the accession of George I. In
the bill which, in 1836, passed the Senate, and to
•which he had referred, it was not proposed, after
the lapse of so many years, to oppose the construc-
tion which enables the President to remove from
office. The object of the bill introduced by the
honorable Senator from South Carolina, and which
ho then had before him, was as he had stated, and
he would refer to it &s it was short.
"A BILL to repeal the first and second sections of an 'Act to
limit the term of office of ceitain officers therrin named,
and for other purposes,' approved the fifteenth of May,
one thousand eight hundred and twenty, and for other
purposes.
"Beit enacted hythr Senate and Home of Representatives of
the United States of Jimcrica in Cjngre5S assembled, That
the firM and second sections of an act entitled, cAn act to
limit tlie term of olhee of ceitain officers therein named, and
for other purposes,' approved the fifteenth of May,'one
thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be, and the same
hereby are, repealed.
" Sec. 2. *-1nd be it further enacted, That in the first week
of the montli of January next, and at the same time in every
fouith year thereafter, the President shall cause a statement
to he laid before Congress of the accounts of all distuct at-
torneys, collectors of customs, naval officers and surveyors
of the custom*, navy agents ieceiv<-is of public moneys for
land-:, surveyors ol the public lands, and paymasteis in the
army, who shall have failed to account for all such monejs,
on or bctore the thirtieth day of September preceding; and
the officer held by all tsuch defaulting officer.-; shall be vacated
fiom and after tltc date of said message.
"Sec 3. Jhul be it further enacted, That m all nominations,
made by the Piesident to the Senate, to fill vacancies occa-
sioned by the exercise of the President's power tn remove
the said ofticeis mentioned in the second section of this bill,
the fact of the removal shall be stated to (ho Senate at the
same lime that the nomination is made, with a statement of
the reasons foi which such officer may have been lemoved."
And how did that bill pass? By a party vote?
Why, that bill was not introduced at the com-
mencement of an Administration, but in 1836, the
last year of the Jackson Administration of eight
years. As to the manner of its passage a reference
to the Journal would be evidence on that point.
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Benton, Bibb, Ulack, Calhoun,Clay,
Clayton, Evving, Frelinghuyacn, (Jold.-boroush, Kent, King
of Georgia, Leigh, McKean, Mangum, Moore, Nluidnin,
Poindextor, Potter, Prentiss, Ptoton, Robbms Silsbee,
Smith, Southaid, Swift, Tomlinson, Tyler, Waggaman,
Webster, and White—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buchanan, Cufbberf, Hend.ieks,
Hill, Kane, King of Alabama, Knight, Linn, Moms, Robin-
son, Itug^les, fc*hepley,Tal!madgc, Tipton, and Wnght—J6.
Mr. SEVIER. I wish you would read it again,
sir.
Mr. WEBSTER replied ho would, and accord-
ingly read a statement of the vote on the occasion
referred, to, which, he said, showed thirty-one
votes for, to sixteen against the bill: and, strange
to say, he could not see the name of the Senator
from Arkansas among the yeas at all. Now, that
was no party proceeding; the votes given on it
were not given for party purposes, it was the
judgment of the Senate that some regulation should
be made in the Executive power of removal; and
that opinion was founded upon the conviction that
Congress could regulate the removing power: and
who could doubt it? Because, except where the
Constitution does not prescribe the tenure of oflice,
it belongs to Congress to do so. He repeated,
then, that act of 1836, passed by two-thirds of the
Senate, was no party proceeding whatever; a bill
by which these propositions were affirmed: first,
that Congress might regulate removal from office
by law; secondly, that at that time, in 1836, such
had been the history of parties, and such had been
the inconvenience growing out of the practice, it
was thought expedient to repeal the provisions of
the law of 1820, and assume the regulation of the
business of removal from office.
Mr. CALHOUN again arose, and after com-
plaining of the reiteration by the Senator of Ar-
kansas of a charge which he (Mr. C.) had expli-
citly corrected him in before,and hoping he would
not repeat what was false, he went on to say that
he always thought the great and fundamental dif-
ference between the popular and anti-popular par-
ties related to Executive patronage. He had al-
ways supposed that fnen anxious to preserve a
popular government were disposed to limit it to
the smallest amount consistent with efficiency.
Now he would ask whether it Would be more fa-
vorable to the Executive to possess at all times
and use the unbounded power of removal? That
■was the simple question. Was the President not
to have it to be used for good cause—such as death
and resignation, which could afford ample room
for new appointments ? But he would go further,
and say that the grave and wholesome doctrine
was, that when a man in office had under his con-
trol the whole patronage, such a system went to
make a king. Every one knew that such a state
of things would be a succession of struggles be-
tween the ins and outs; and the ins being armed
with power, would maintain and perpetuate that
power. It was well known that numbers enter
into politics as a mere mode of "obtaining a liveli-
hood. When I affirm tliat already as many per-
sons- live upon the expenditures of this Govern-
ment, as the half of the great population engaged
in the cultivation of the cotton lands, the extent
of the evil may be imagined. The income of the
Government is almost equal to half of all the in-
come derived from cotton property. Now, we
know what a large mass of our population is en-
gaged in the cultivation of cotton,and yet, through
the action of this Government, as many persons
are living upon the public revenue. But that is
not all. Put, then, the half of the income of the
cotton property into a lottery, to be drawn every
four years: so many men will go into that lottery
in hopes of drawing a prize, that when the victory
is acliievcd, not one in forty can be rewarded.
What is the result? The thirty-nine disappoint-
ed, and who fought only for the "spoils," turn
round in proccss of time—when political degen-
eracy takes place, as it will—to the other side, and
seek the next turn of the wheel when another lot-
tery is drawn. Thus they go on.
Can any wise man—can any patriotic man—can
any genuine friend of human liberty, look at such
a spectacle without the most poignant regret3 He
must be little informed indeed in politics who does
not know all this; and knowing all this, lie will he
asserting one of the most untrue and monstrous ;
propositions on the face of God's earth, who says j
that this is a " popular doctrine." What! "A
popular doctrine!" This a " popular doctrine!" ;
It is the very reverse. Jt i.s the doctrine to create
a king, and to annihilate liberty. As for myself,
I have maintained on this subject a uniform posi-
tion. When the act of 1820 was passed, it passed
through Congress without my knowledge. The
moment I heard of its passage, I pronounced to a
friend that that law was one of the most danger-
ous ever passed, and that it would work a great
revolution. 1 have always stood upon that ground;
and yet I know that this position is not a popular
position. But T speak the truth when the truth
ought to be spoken. The Presidential election is
110 longer a struggle for great principles, but only
a great struggle as to who shall have the spoils of
office. Look at the machinery : A convention
meets and nominates the President, in which not
unfrequently many of the Representatives of the
States join, in a genera] understanding to divide the
offices amongst themselves and their Yriends. And
thus they make a President, who has no voice at
all in the selection of officers ! These things are
known ; and I say it is surprising that, being
known, gentlemen who advocate the opposite doe-
trine assume to be Democrats. No. The Demo-
cratic doctrine is precisely the reverse of what they
affect to teach. It goes against patronage and in-
fluence, and gives no more patronage than what
1 the strict necessity of the case admits. Patronage,
| wisely and judiciously dispensed on the part of
j the Executive, may have a salutary effect m giving
i concentration and strength to the Government; but
| this wholesale traffic in public office for party
| purposes is wholly pernicious and destructive of
popular rights. Properly applied, the policy is
admirable ; but as soon 'as the Government be-
! comes the mere creature of seekers of office, your
' free institutions are nearly at an end. In this niat-
ter I have been uniform and sincere—whether
; right or wrong, time will disclose. But the evil
has commenced. It is going on. It needs 110
prophet to foresee the end. 1 speak not in the
: language of prophecy; but who, judging from the
past, can avoid the conviction, that unless the
j proper remedy he applied, the overthrow of your
] political system is inevitable ?
! ^ Mr. ALLEN again addressed the Senate at con-
| siderable length. He said he had always thought
! the effect of Executive patronage greatly overrated.
! They had an instance of that in the ease of the Tyler
| Administration. He came into the office of Vice
; President by a tremendous vote; circumstances
i transferred him to the presidential office, where he
| continued to offend the party who elected him, on
j the bank question, and shortly after the other par-
ty. He had the whole patronage of the Federal
I Government in his hands, and he used it without
any religious scruples, in the hope of being elected
President of the United States. Well, they knew
what was the result of all that. Now, how near
did Tyler come to make himself king? Why,
poor old King Lear, at his last stage of life, was
as near being a king as Mr. Tyler. Mr. A. here
gave a very lively picture of the depressed state of
the country during Tyler's Administration, and the
facility he had to act upon numbers. Mr. A. then,
to show the insignificance of Executive patronage,
stated the fact that the average salaries of the four-
teen thousand postmasters of the nation was only
$73 62 per annum; and these constituted the'half
of all the officers of the United States. It was not
such patronage as that that was dangerous. It
was such patronage as that of the United States
Bank—of the tariff—which corrupted millions and
robbed the rest. Of all the departments of patron-
age, he thought those appointed to office the most
trifling and paltry. One-half of the people would
not have these petty offices. There were four
hundred thousand men in his State, and of these,
three hundred and fifty thousand would not take
the gift of them; they ought not, then, talk about
the people of the United States being corrupted by
these paltry offices. They were too happy and
prosperous, too happy and contented on their
farms.
Mr. MOREHEAD rose and commenced some
remarks, but the hour being very late, he gave
way, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Maxj 14, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the bill, reported yesterday from the
Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union,
making appropriations for the support of the Mili-
tary Academy for the year ending on the 30th of
June, 1847.
Mr. CULVER rose, he said, to a question of
privilege, and sent to the Clerk's table the following
resolution, which was read:
Resolved, That the Committee on Elections be
instructed to inquire and report whether mileage
and per diem pay should be allowed to John Talia-
ferro, of Virginia, for his travel to and attendance
011 Congress in' November, 1811, to contest the
right of John P. Hungerford to a seat in Congress,
and in which contest John Taliaferro was success-
ful; but he has been allowed no compensation for
travel to Congress, and his per diem pay only from
the day he took his scat in Congress. That the
committee also inquire whether it be just and pro-
per to allow to John Taliaferro the same compensa-
tion as is indicated above, for his travel to and from
Congress in May, 1813, and in the following De-
cember, to contest the right of J. P. Hungerford
to a seat in Congress, on the identical ground upon
which the former contest had been conducted, and
decided m his favor.
Objections were made.
Mr. CULVER submitted that the resolution did
not require a suspension of the rules, being a ques-
tion of privilege.
The SPEAKER decided that the resolution did
not come within the rule as to questions of priv-
ilege, inasmuch as it related to a transaction in a
former, and not the present, Congress.
So the resolution was not received.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved that 5,000 extra cop-
ies of the two messages of the President, with the
accompanying documents, concerning our relations
with Mexico, be printed.
Objection was made.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved a suspension of the
rules.
But the House refused to suspend the rules.
So the motion was not received.
On motion of Mr. DARRAGH, leave was given
to withdraw the papers in the case of Catharine
Robinson.
Mr. CLARKE, by leave, moved that the peti-
tion and papers in the case of Elijah F. Bell, be
committed.
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
The House resumed the consideration of this
bill, which, having been ordered to a third reading
now, was read a third time.
And the question being, "Shall this bill pass?"—
