822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mayl4,'
Mr. S. ADAMS asketi the yeas and nays, which
were refused.
And the question being then taken, the bm was
passed.
Mr, JOHN P. MARTIN moved a suspension
of the rules, for the purpose of taking up the bilJ
(in the orders of the day) to iegulate the mileage
of members.
Mr. M. asked the yeas and nays; which were
refused.
And the question being taken, the House refused
to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER, by consent, laid before the
House a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in obedience to the resolution of the
House of the 17th of January last, a copy of the
report of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and also a report of the register and receiv-
er of the land office at Fairfield, in Iowa, with ac-
companying documents, relating to money depos-
ited with the late register, (William Ross,) for the
purchase of public lands; which was laid upon the
table.
A bill from the Senate, entitled w An act granting'
a pension to Richard Elliott, and a resolution of
the Senate in favor of David Shaw and Solomon
T. Career, were read twice, and committed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. J. J. McDOYVELL, the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
TheSPEAKER invited Mr.G IIORGE W. JmNXS,
of Tennessee, to the chair, who, at his own re-
quest, was excused.
Mr. YA!XOE\ of Alabama was then invited,
who excused himself on the ground of his entire
want of acquaintance with the rules.
Mr. 001)8 of Georgia was then invited, and
took the chair.
Whereupon, the committee resumed the consid-
eration of the bill making appropriations for the
support of the army, for the year ending on the
30th June, 1847.
The state of the question was this:
Mr. J. A. Black had moved the following as an
additional section- to the bill:
<{*#nd bettfwthrr cmccted. That from arid after the pas-
sage of this act to the end of the present war, the monthly
piiy of thn none nin ini--e>ned riffle->>■->, mu«iei:sns, and jui-
vates of the tuhlleiv, lui'.intry, ami liitonieu, who mav he in
the son ICO of till- ("nited Slates, shall he the same as the pav
allowed to the non-oonimiMoned officers. ninweiaM^. and
puvates of til#' druu'oou legum-iits of the United States."
And Mr. Tiubatts had moved to amend the
said amendment, by adding thereto the following:
<• And that the pay of private soldier* in rite s-'rvice of the
United Suites (.-hall he s-in per month, provided that nothing
in 'In- ai t shall he construed to make ttie pay of :mv 11011-
romim-Nioned ofiieei ni mn-ician ie-- than the pav of a pu
vale a- fixed by tin- act.*'
And the pending question was on the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. THUIIMAX was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committee at length, in a speech of
which a full leport will appi ur hereafter. The
remarks of Air. T. were directed mainly to a reply
to the, speeches of his colleagues, [Messrs. Gid-
dings., Dei.aso, and Tildes,] and to a demonstra-
tion of the identity of the arguments and denun-
ciations now employed against the war and the
Administration, with those made use of for similar
purposes in the war of 1812.
Mr. L. H. SIMS addressed the committee. I
feel very conscious, Mr. Chairman, (said lie,) that
this committee will hear with me patiently; not
that I indulge the hope that t shall enlighten them
upon the question now under their consideration,
but for the reason that 1 have not heretofore troub-
led the, committee or the House by any remarks
on this or other subjects. I am also very con-
scious, sir, that my rheforie. and my grammar may
be at fault; but that to me, sir, in tlxe discussion of
any subject where my country has an interest, and
where my heart throbs for that interest, is of *ery
little importance. It is not the educated man who
is the best patriot; it is not the educated man who
feels the strongest for the perpetuity of the institu-
tions of his country, or that feels the strongest in
his rejoicings at the success of his countiy, and
her cscape from all reverses of fortune.
The bill pending before the committee, Mr.
Chairman, has for its object the raising the funds
to defray the expenses of the army of the United
States, of which a large part at present is the army
of occupation on the Rio Grande. I like to see
individuals honest in their transactions, and of all
things do I delight to know and to see, from the
action of my Government, that she is just. She
owes the money to our army—let us pay it. I do
not entertain any hope-—I never entertained a hope
for a moment, when the present President of the
United States defeated the Talleyrand of Ken-
tucky—I never believed-for a moment that the fol-
lowers of that gentleman would universally sub-
scribe to anything the President of the United
States might think proper to do in the discharge of
the duties of the high station to which the people
have called him.
The point is made by some of his political oppo-
nents that it was improper on the part of the Ex-
ecutive to station our army on the banks of the
Rio Grande. It is said it was wrong for him to
have pointed our cannon across the river opposite
Maianioras; that he did wrong in ordering the re-
moval of our army from Corpus Christi to the Rio
Grande. If lie had done less—if our army had re-
mained at Corpus Christi until the army of Mexico
had crossed the Rio Grande, and trailed through
the desert to the IS"uec.es, and had cut off our troops
at Corpus Christi—1 expect if might have been
charged even then that he had acted improperly.
Yes, Mr. Chairman, whatever course the Kxeeu-
ts \ e and the Administration may take, it is to be
condemned alike by these gentlemen; and now,
after we have become involved in a war with that
nation, from which we have received so many in-
sults, and which we have treated with so much for-
bearance, they come out now and declare ourcoun-
try in the wrong, and Mexico in die right! It is
said by distinguished men at both ends of the Cap-
itol, that no war exists; and a discrimination is
drawn between hostilities and war. Suffer me to
say, there is just about as much difference between
hostilities ami war, when it comes to shedding the
blood of our countrymen, ns a Very scrupulous
gentleman might make when he inquired for "color-
ed men," instead of "negroes,'' when he was pur-
chasing slaves. What is war, in the common ac-
ceptation of the termf" What is war, as known to
this Government? It is meeting in deadly conflict
with the enemies of our country.- Have we met
them ? We have,-sir; and I fear that before, this
time disasters may have befallen our army on the
Hio Grande that none of us may desire, to hear—no,
not even he who declares that that war is "unholy."
If the Executive luts done wrong—if he has acted
improperly—if our country is m the wrong in hav-
ing sent our soldiers to the Rio Grande, it is not
\ery pairiotic in gentlemen who believe this to be
the fact, to speak and promulgate the errors of
their country to the world. No, sir; I say it is
not patriotic; it is not wise; it is not sucha course
as gentlemen sincerely devoted to the'protection of
the rights and territory of the country against a
foreign invader would pursue. The family—the
social relations and intercourse of a family, ami the
obligations resting upon its members—are an apt
illustration of the relations and obligations of' the
citizens of a Government; and that man who is so
unkind as to be willirg to inflict any injury upon
the character of his father, mother, brother, or sis-
ter, is unfit to hold the social relations. So that
man that huuts up the errors of his country, ex-
poses them to the gaze of the whole world, and
hides her virtues, is no patriot, in my estimation.
I am one of those, Mr. Chairman, who believe
that the marching of our army to the Rio Grande
was strictly in accordance with justice to ourselves.
I believe that the State of Texas—that the Repub-
lic of Texas—has been at war, virtually speaking,
with the Government of Mexico ever since the
battle of San Jacinto, w ith the exception of the in-
terposition of the treaty made by Santa Anna and
the constituted authorities of Texas; and some
gentleman say that that act was invalid—that he
had no authority to do it, from the fact that he was
a prisoner of war.
Mr. SEVERANCE interposed; but
Mr. SIMS refused to yield; remarking, no—
keep cool. You shall have a chance. Just sit
down.
I suppose (continued Mr. S.) that if certain gen-
tlemen in this House had the right and the power,
they would ask of this Government to go forward
to search out what is the Government of Mexico,
and a committee despatched from this Government
would have great trouble in finding it out. Gen-
eral Ampudia would tell you that it was in Arista,
and Arista would tell you it was in Paredes, and
Pavedes would tell you it was- in the deputies
and representatives of Mexico. Her Government
changes its form as often as the chameleon its color,
from blue to green, anrd from green to black- If is
not for us to know what the Soverntnent of Mex-
ico is; it is enough for us to know that she has
made war upon our citizens, and then it is for us-
■to march up and drive the invaders from our soil,
and chastise them as they deserve; and I should
be glad to find, too,'that "General Taylor and his
army have crossed the rubicon, and have carried
the war into the very heart of Mexico, if necessa-
ry, and dictated an honorable peace.. Yes, sir, I
am in favor of this—that peace should life-conquer-
ed, and its terms dictated to our enemy "by this
Government, as it ough't to be; and we snould in-,
corporate a clause in the treaty that we would not
hereafter recognise any power in Mexico, Save
that one we treat with, or its representative, and
by that means, perhaps', we might give her a little
stability in her fomrof government.
Individual character frequently portrays in its
true light national character. You see a French-
man; you find a man of taste, of personal refine-
ment, fluent of speech and fond of talk, polite and
courteous in all his associations. And that is a
miniature likeness of the French Government.
You see an Englishman; he is a man fpnd of
power, and wealth, and dominion, haughty and
aristocratic; who speaks of the-virtues of his coun-
try and never of her errors, and who looks with
contempt upon the citizens of other nations. Such
is the picture of the English Government. _ If you
see an American in Paris, in Mcxico, or in Eng-
land, you sec one that boasts of the liberties of his
country, and of the institutions of his country;
you see one that delights to speak of-the victories
that have been gained by American arms; that is
proud of American soil, and pf all its associations,
and believes in the doctrine of the universal spread
of civil liberty over the-whole earth. And he
represents the character of the American nation.
You see a Mexican, and he presents a striking,
likeness—a. facsimile—of the character of his Gov-
ernment. He desires power, and desires wealth
filched from the coffers, and in defiance of the con-
stitutional rights', of others. He seeks to convince
you that he is generous; and at the same time he
would stab you ift the dark. He is ready to mur-
der and shoot his enemies by stealth, and then he
seeks protection under the shield which his Gov-
ernment—his reputed Government—attempts to
throw over a lawless band of robbers and-murder-
crs. That is the character of the Mexican Gov-
ernment and of her citizens. It is not the time to
inquire whether the war is legitimate or not, when
we learn that Cross has been murdered—that the
soil on the bank of the Rio Grande has drunk up
his blood—that he was stripped of his habiliments
and his body left exposed, to be preyed upon by
vultures and wild beasts. I say to the gentlemen
to tell it not in the streets of the city that bears the
name of the " Father of his Country"—to publish
it not in the Capitol of this nation, that there is no
war, or that it is an unholy war. That man must
be heartless, estranged from everything that" is no-
ble or elevated in character or generous m sympa-
thy, that can pass by the, residence of Colonel
Cross, and listen to the sighs and groans of his
stricken family, and then say that there is not a
war, and that Mexico has not committed an act of
war upon us. "A war against Omnipotence!"
The God of battles and of justice tells us to, defend
our families, our country, and the rights of civil-
ized men. Do we owe Texas nothing ?- I ask the
question emphatically. We owe her everything.
When she was standing, a shivering, isolated re-
public—when Great Britain was courting her on the
one hand, and France was whispering to her on
the other, she firmly resisted all their enticements
and their proffers, and decided to come into the
arms of the mother country. As Shakspearesays
of Lady Macbeth, something like this may be said
to be the feelings of this Government towards
Texas—
" I have given suck, and know
How tender 'tis to love the babe that milks me."
And this Government will not (to carry the ^nota-
tion further, slightly modified) "plricH it's nipples
from the boneless gums" of Texas, or " dash her
brains out," by refusing now to sustain her rights
and her interests. Let us, Mr. Chairman, w:alk up
to our plighted faith, and fig'ht for the rig-hiK O: the
