824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
cer and the usurper. His word for it, that before
this tune General Taylor had struck a blow that
would gloriously redeem the honor of the nation.
There was no man here, or at the other end of t.ie
Capitol, who was unwilling to vote supplies for t ic
army; but the* party in power had surreptitiously
mixed up the two questions of supplies and of a
declaration of war, by their adoption of an illegal,
an unconstitutional, and, as he believed, an unne-
cessary war. And the future historian would be
confounded at the fact that not one Whig in this
House was allowed to open his lips on the subject.
He ua? not afraid of this Mexican war. Like
Indian or Spanish guerilla warfare, it mi^htgive
us much annoyance; but that wc should finally
overrun the country, and that in fact we had al-
ready overrun the, country about Matamoias, he
did not doubt. But when the enemy retired to their
moras.->es and their fastnesses, living upon food upon
which our army would perish, the great difficulty
would come. It was not from their «words or their
cannon that we were to apprehend disaster, but
from the malaria and diseases of the country.
He expressed his conviction that Mr. Folk had
determined to involve the country in war, and then
to call on the patriotism of the country to adopt it.
And he believed thai this Mexican war was intend-
ed merely to school Hie nation for a more desola-
ting conflict with England in relation to Oregon.
It was by such processes as these that the spirit
was departing from our institutions, leaving- noth-
ing but their lifeless, soulless, inanimate form.
Mr. HUDSON followed. He called attention,
in the first place, to the manner in which this war
had begun. Those members of this House who had
had independence enough to vote as they thought,
to follow their own convictions, had been held up
by sevetal gentlemen on this floor as hypocrites,
traitors, and cowards. For himself, whilst he
made no ^reat boast of his courage or daring, he
had enough of it to say, hero or elsewhere, what
he believed to be true; and neither the denunciations
of the gentleman from liiimns [Mr. Dougjass]
yesterday, nor the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Thvrman] to-day, would deter him for a single
moment from speaking his mind freely. What
opportunity had been a/Forded to him, or others*
to express their views before this declaration of
war was passed > He wished to call attention to
the fact that this great question of peace or war
was not discussed on this floor for a moment—that
neither Whig nor Democrat spoke a syllable di-
rectly on that matter. Mr. H. here recapitulated
what course of proceeding had been in the House
since the reception of the message on Monday—
commenting upon the course of the majority in
keeping the declaration of war out of view until
the time allowed for debate had passed.
He expressed his concurrence, substantially, in
the remarks which had been made by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Dkhnto,] and the gentleman |
from Kentucky, [Mr. Daws.} He believed that
the preamble on which this House had voted was
in every particularfal.se. Ife did not believe that
war, in the constitutional sense of the term, did at
that time exist, nor did he believe that the dccla- ■ ■
ration of war which had been made was provoked jj
by Mexico. Could it be expected that any man ||
would solemnly record his name on a declaration
which he believed to be untiuer Theie had, it
was true, been a collision, but we had no evidence
that it had been authorized bv the Mexican Gov-
ernment. And he instanced the case of the Caro-
line. In both cases agressions and collisions had
taken place; but that a war authorized by the war-
making power of either nation existed when the
House was called upon to vote on the preamble,
■was utterly untrue.
But even if he could overlook the manifest dis-
tinction between a war, in the broad sense of that
term, and hostilities or collision, lie believed that
the other declaration that this state of things had
been brought about by the Mexican authorities,
was wholly destitute of foundation. And this in-
volved the question of title to that country. He
did not intend to go in detail into that argument;
but that which had been made yesterday by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Douglass] had so
much assurance about it, so much of advancing
and retreating, that it had struck his (Mr. H.'s)
mind as singular. And he answered briefly such
of the positions of Mr. Douglass on that point
as seemed to him (Mr. H.) to have any weight.
Having done this, he proceeded to show, from the
action of Congress an the joint resolutions, that
the question of boundary was left an open ques-
tion, inasmuch as by one of the provisions, the
appointment of commissioners to adjust it was au-
thorized—thereby implying, at all events, that the
boundary was a question of great uncertainty.
Put even if we had a clear and indisputable title
to the boundary of the Rio del .Norte, if any reli-
ance was to be placcd on the account^ which had
reached us, the United States were still the ag-
gressors. By what right had they blockaded the
port of Matatnoras, or cut off supplies going to the
Mexican troops? The exact state of facts-did not
appear from the documents so far as they had
been read; but if dependence was to be placed on
the newspaper statements, the United States had
been the aggressors. And why had not the Mex-
I ican army as good a right to come on this side the
river, and cut off our supplies, as we had to
blockade the river, and cutoff the Mexican sup-
plies? General Taylor might just as well have
opened his batteries, and demolished Matamoras
at once, as ha\e cut oft* those supplies. To in-
vade. a foreign territory, and cutoff its supplies,
was as much an act of aggression, as attacking
the enemy m us camp would be. And he con-
curred in the opinion expressed, that the orders
£,iven to General Taylor, under the circumstances
of the case, and when Congress was in session,
were a gieat outrage upon the constitution and
laws of the land.
Mr. H. now proceeded to notice some of the
extracts read by Mr. Turkman, in relation to the
Federalism of the last war, as made to bear upon
the fourteen negative votes on the Mexican war
bill. Some of that immortal number (Mr. H.
said) had fought the battles of their country during
that war. He doubted whether the gentleman
from Ohio could say as much for himself, or some
of those who voted for him. But in relation to the
old Fedeialists, he (Mr. IT.) had nothing to say.
He was a young man then. His views were all
on the other side, and he had, for a limited time,
been in the service of his country.
Mr. II. replied to the denunciations of Mr.
Douglass against those who dared to express
their views on the course o,f the Administration.
TThfcy would have no effect upon him. Re had
independence enough to speak his views, and he
desired the respect of no man,'cither here or among
his constituents, who would ask him to come for-
ward, like a sycophant, to register the edicts of
James JC. Polk, because that high functionary, in j
direct violation of the principles of the Government j
and the provisions of the Constitution, had seen •
fit, to involve the country in an unnecessary war.
So far as supplies were concerned, lie (Mr. H.)
would vote for them if neccssary. But he denied
that the bill passed the other day was to rescue
General Taylor's army fiom immediate impend-
ing peril. And he referred to dates, to the call
upon the Executives of Texas and Louisiana for
volunteers, &c., to show that troops for the relief
of the army were about to embark, and that their
fate, one way or the other, would have been sealed
long before any supplies under the bill of Con-
gress could reach thera. It was not, therefore, to
supply the army in its exigency, that that'bill
had been passed, but to put at the disposal of the
President 50,000 men, and ten millions of dollars,
to piosecute a war, and to invade and chastise
Mexico.
In conclusion, he adverted to this war as one of
the predicted fruits of that measure of annexation,
whose avowed purpose (as expressed by Mr. Cal-
houn, Mr. Upshur, and others) was the extension
and perpetuation of slavery. Whilst he would not
interfere with that institution in the States, never,
by any act or vote of his, should it be brought into
being in a State where it had not before existed.
Mr. S. JONES said he regretted exceedingly I
that they could not go into the consideration of!
rendering supplies to the army of the United States j
in time of war without the question of slavery being j
lugged into the discussion. And he must confess, j
that it seemed to him from the last three or four i
speeches they had heard, that it would be out of j
order to discuss the question before the House in i
reality, and that they were necessarily compelled to
follow these gentlemen, to show the shifts; the sub-
terfuges, the devices they have to resort to for the
purpose of protecting themselves in acourse which
they know to be contrary to their duty and the in-
terests of the country.
On the question of slavery he should, learv© ,ih«
gentleman; he,should not expect to conv^&im?
nor that the gentleman would conyert otHej^|1-
The question of the annexation of Testes "was
not before the House. It had been annexed.
was an integral part of the Union; it stand^Jfp
much under the protection of the flag of the Unit#!
States as , Massachusetts herself—the "Old Bay
State.Would to God that her"sons remembered
the spirit ofstheir fathers, and the lesson dictated
from their example in time of trouble and danger,,
to stand by the flag of their .country, and die m its
defence if need be \
With the question of slavery he would not in-
terfere. He would only say that it was an institu-
tion put upon them, and for. the mere purpose of
gain, by the ancestors of those who were now in-
terfering with it, and in defiance of the feelings*
wishes, and interests of the southern States, And
he would say further, that the black slaves of the
South would compare in all respects—were as well
fed, and well clothed—as the white slaves of the
North; and that there were no paupers among them.
While this continued to be the case, let them con-
fine their efforts of change at home, and when they
had there satisfied every object of charity, they
would then receive them as missionaries at the
South.
But the immediate question under consideration
was the question of supplies of the army of the
United-States in time of war*, and the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Q. Davis] said there was no
war, and almost in the next breath he says there is
war.
Mr. G. DAVIS was understood to say that he
said no such thing.
Mr. JONES was happy to be corrected. He
understood the gentleman from Kentucky, then, to
believe, with him, that there is a war. And how
did he ascertain that fact? If he understood right-
ly, (for he was not here in the debate on Monday?)
the gentleman said there was no war.
Mr. DAVIS (Mr. J. again yielding) said he had
declared, as fiistinclly as language could make it,
that there was informal war. The distinction he
drew was between formal war and informal war.
Mr. JONES did not understand what the gentle-
man meant by "informal" war. He understood
the gentleman to object to the preamble of the bin
that had passed into a law, on the ground that it
declared there was a'war.
Mr. DAVIS. No. The gentleman misrepre-
sents me. I voted against the preamble because it
declares that war was begun by Mexico.
Mr. JONES (resuming) was perfectly satisfied to
receive the gentleman's explanation. He under-
stood the gentleman to-day to say it was the United
States that had commenced the war, by sending
our army to the Rio Grande, by invading the ter-
ritory beyond the Nueces. Was he right or wrong
now ?
I Mr. DAVIS. Right.
! Mr. JONKS further commented upon the incon-
j sisteney of the gentleman's position to-day and on
i the former day, and on the inconsistency between
! Mr. D. and Mr. Hudson, who had said that he
| agreed entirely in the position taken by his friend,
I [Mr. Davis.]
| But it was contended by both these gentlemen
j that we do not possess this country-—that the ter-
! ritory between the Nueces and the Rio Grande is
i not an integral part of Texas. It is true that there
j was a member in the Legislature of Texas from
; that part of the country. It was true, it forms a
! part of a congressional district, the Representative
i from which is already elected, and soon to take
I his seat in this Hall. But what of that? It was
! trne, that when Texas separated herself from
| Mexico and declared herself independent, she
j claimed to the Rio Grande. Bat what of that ? It
| was true, that by her constitution and her laws,
■ she exercised jurisdiction to the Rio Grande. But
! what of that ? It might be true, that the venerable
1 gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,]
when connected with another department of the
Government, contended that the Province of Texas
extended to the Rio Grande. It was true that Mr.
Madison contended for it, and that Mr. Monroe
] contended for it.. But what of that ? It #as true,
| that Texas was received as an integral part of this
j Union, when she claimed to the Rio Grande. Bat-
j what of that ? That Congress' had extended our
| jurisdiction to the Rio Grande, and thai it had
i made a port of entry within tliatterritory. But
