1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
what of that? We have men, laws, jurisdiction,
and possession there,- and all that will not consti-
tute, in the opinion of some gentlemen, a title to
that country!
■ He had heard of a speech delivered in the other
end of the Capitol. He was told that it was not
in order to mention names. If it was, he would
say it was by Mr.'Johnson, of Maryland—a speech
which made his heart thrill with joy, when he said
it was a part of the United States, recognised as
such; and that we are bound to defend it. And
he would to God that those of the same party with
the gentleman would echo that sentiment!
But we are told that Mr. Polk brought on this
war. He was not now careful in the inquiry
whether lie did; but supposing, for the sake of ar-
gument, that he did, did that warrant us in with-
holding: supplies in order " to prosecute it to a
successful issue?" No.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr., Hud-
son] says he will not say that he will go with his
country under all circumstances. Mr. J. would not
say that he ought to; but he would say he was
sorry for him. He was sorry to hear any Ameri-
can—any citizen of the United States—any citizen
of the "Old Bay State," say that he would not say
that he would go with his country right or wrong.
There never was a more patriotic sentiment, which
fell from any honest man, than that which was ut-
tered by Commodore Decatur. It finds a response
in every honest heart. It is true to itself, true to
our country, and true to God.
The gentleman likened Mr. Polk to Caesar, to
Bonaparte, and to Cromwell. So far as this war
was concerned, he hoped the comparison would
prove true. With Cfesar, it was vent, vidi, vici.
Would to God this might be the case with the ar-
my led on by Mr. Polk ! Cromwell never appeared
a', the head of his forces, unless victory crowned
his efforts. May that be the fate of the armies of
the country, led on by Mr. Polk !
[The Speaker resumed the chair informally, and
a message was received from the Senate, commu-
nicating' their action on several bills.]
And, Mr. Chaiiman, (continued Mr. J.,) as long
as Bonaparte fought the battles of freedom for his
country, and not for his ambition, the sun of Aus-
terlitz shone on his path, and lighted him to victory.
I hope the army of Mr. Polk will follow the exam-
ple of Bonaparte, to a war led on by General Tay-
lor, or another General, equally brave and equally
successful.
But the gentleman told them he had done some
fighting, having been in the service a limited time..
Mark the words, a " limited" time. How was it
limited? Was it by the (ine of Massachusetts? If
so, he envied not the laurels acquired by him in his
military service.
But the gentleman said that before these>volun-
teers, whom we authorized to be raised, could
reach the field of action, such was General Tay-
lor's .position, (and the gentleman seemed to be
flad that he was in such a perilous situation,) that
e would either be rescued by the aid of troops
from the southern section of the country, or would
have perished. Suppose that to be the fact, did
we not, nevertheless, need these volunteers (to use
the language of the act) " to prosecute the war to
a successful termination?"
Mr. J. did not mean, on this occasion, to be the
eulogist of Mr. Polk; but he should have been
equally ready to have defended Mr. Clay, had he
talcen such a course. Is there an honest heart in
the nation, asked he, that has'not leaped beyond its
usual limits in consequence of the threats, the re-
proaches, the indignity hurled upon this Govern-
ment by Mexico? And had it not been the com-
mon remark in private circles that, as she is a poor
imbecile nation, we would bear more from her than
we otherwise would, and that we could not with-
out resistance have submitted to so much from
Great Britain without disgrace ? This had been
the language used; and now, after this long series
of aggression and insults, we were told that Mr.
Polk had plunged us into a war! Good God, what
a plunge !—after water was thrown upon him, that
he was overwhelmed in it! General Taylor was
sent to the border of the United States with strict
instructions against aggression—to let them bully,
but to return no attack—to carry no war into Mex-
ico—into Africa lie had almost said; for there we
would have to fight with them. He supposed the
gentleman from Massachusetts wanted to throw a
little sneer into the ingredients of the cup he had
administered to his southern brethren. I tell him
we have no fears of this kind; and without boast-
ing of the bravery of the slave States, I say we
have troops enough to make slaves of all the black
regiments sent there, and those who may choose
to aid them. If Mr. Polk had not sent our troops
to our frontier, one general burst of indignation
would have risen against him from all quarters of
the land. He would have been called a poor cra-
ven wretch, and we should have heard again that
he was the son of a tory. No; Mr. Polk had pur-
sued the path of prudence, of wisdom, and, as he
believed, of bravery. He had placed the army of
the United States on the frontier where war might
come, and he had placed the navy of the United
States to furnish it with supplies and protect it.
But the gentleman said he would not vote for
the preamble, because it contained a lie; and yet
he says the taking a Mexican schooner which had
supplies for the army was an act of war.
The gentleman gays that the President, in
his message, had falsified the facts, because there
had been no actual war; and yet he admits, in the
course of his remarks, that many acts of war had
been committed. The President has sent the troops
to the Rio Grande for the defence of the country.
Those who believe as he did, that the country east
of the Rio Grande belonged to the United States,
and not to Mexico, would approve of that act and
glory in its responsibility. But the Mexican forces
had made an attack upon us, and thereupon the
President had proposed the recognition of the war,
and means to prosecute it, and there was glory in
that responsibility.
General Jackson had suspended the habeas corpus
act upon his own responsibility, and had theieby
saved the country. Some had attempted to palli-
ate his conduct, and to say that he did not violate
the Constitution; but he (Mr. J.) said that he did
violate it, and that he would have been a traitor to
his country if he had not done so to save his coun-
try by the act. That responsibility was a high
duty which he took upon himself. When the
judge hesitated to pronounce upon the case—when
General Jackson found him trembling and hesita-
ting—then General Jackson said, Pronounce the
sentence! and the same arm which protected the
country wdl protect your authority.
Mr. Polk's war was talked about, and he might
well glory in the responsibility of the step he had
taken. He could tell the gentlemen who opposed
this measure that they would have occasion to
regret it, and that they would be glad that the
waters of oblivion should cover their speeches; and
some of them would also be glad that their votes
should be hidden from the light. One of the gen-
tlemen who preceded him had said that the Whigs
had been calumniated, and that the Democrats
ought not, to place them in opposition to the war.
He regretted to say that their acts spoke their con-
demnation. The Democrats mourned over them
as brothers, and did not seek to fix any stigma
upon them; and he would say that their language,
stinging as it was to us, did not in all cases imply
that they would vote against the supplies for the
country in time of war, as some did in 1812.
We (said Mr. J.) would strew upon their beds
no thorns, if they would now lay down their op-
position and heartily aid in driving from the coun-
try the enemies who had invaded it. On ordinary
occasions, it was the right and the duty of every
man to speak freely his mind upon all public
subjects; but in regard to a foreign country
there should be no appearance of any division.
He did not believe that there would be any re-
sponse from any part of the country to the declara-
tion which had been made here, that this was an j
unjust war. He knew that these gentlemen would i
not withhold the supplies, for they did not dare to !
do it; and if they did, he would tell them, as had !
once been remarked, to go home and meet the |
looks of their constituents, which would plainly j
tell them that they had done wrong. )
Mr. STEWART here asked whether the causes
of the war had not existed before the President
submitted them to Congress, and before the army
was sent tti its present position Spposite to Mata-
moras ?
Mr. JONES. What causes? His sending the
army to the Rio Grande ?
Mr. STEWART. Was it not the President's
duty to submit the facts to Congress?
Mr. JONES remarked, that these causes had not
existed, or were not known to the President prior
to the advices which led to his Message. Did the
President know that the Mexican army had cross-
ed the river? Did he know that Thornton's com-
mand had been cut off? He should not attempt
to shield the President; but there was no charge
against him for any dereliction of duly either in a
civil or military point of view. Taking up every
question that was presented in his Message, it
would be found that there was no hiding, but that
everything was explicitly and fearlessly set forth.
He had sent a messenger of peace to Mexico, and
after it had been promised that he should be re-
ceived , he was turned back. He remained longer
upon another promise, and again his propositions
were rejected. Then he demanded his passports.
Had not this been known to the country ? Was
the gentleman from Pennsylvania asleep? or was
he preparing for the national fair, that lie had not
made himself acquainted with these facts? The
President had done his duty in asking for means
to prosecute the war, which had already been com-
menced by Mexico.
He was not an advocate of war; but there was
no man in his State—none in any of the States
near the scene of action—who did not heartily
respond to the President's message. H e did not
believe that there was a man in Ohio who would
falter in his duty upon this occasion. He would
not qualify his remark even as to some members
from that State in this House. There v/as but one
feeling in the country on this subject, and that was
to carry the war into Mexico, and to march even
to the Halls of the Montezumas, and thereto make
peace. And he would say, so far as his opinion
was concerned, without hesitation, that he would
do what England had done in China—make the
enemy pay the expenses of the war. Year after
year had passed, while Mexico had committed
outiages upon the persons and property of our
citizens, and new insults had been added in char-
ging us with taking their territory, and by rejecting
our Minister, and stdl this was talked of as an un-
just war. We had done all that we could do to
avoid this war. It was our interest and feeling to
do so. We wished to wait until they were equal
with us in intelligence and in love of liberty, pro-
vided we could, and in the meantime protect our
selves from their outrages.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, took the floor.
The bill was then laid aside informally.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
And, on motion of Mr. McKAY, the bill making
appropriations for certain fortifications of the Uni-
ted States (which had been returned from the Sen-
ate with two amendments) was taken up.
And the amendments were concurred in.
The committee then rose and reported.
And the House concurred with the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union in the
amendments of the Senate to the fortification bill.
SAPPERS AND MINERS.
Mr. KENNEDY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported correct the bill to provide for
the organization of a corps of sappers, miners,
and pontoniers.
Also, in another part of the day, the joint reso-
lution to correct a clerical error in the bill to supply
deficiencies in certain appropriations.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 15, 1846.
The Journal having been read—
Mr. DIX presented the petition of the assignee
of Taylor, Little, & Co., late merchants in the
city of New York, praying to be allowed interest
on certain duties illegally exacted by the collector
of that port and reflinded by order of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SIMMONS presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Rhode Island, praying that the pilot law
of March 2d, 1837, may not Be repealed; which
was laid on the table.
Mr. S. also presented a resolution, passed by
the Legislature of Rhode Island, in favor of the
passage of the bill now before the Senate providing
for the settlement of French spoliation claims"-
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CAMERON presented the proceedings of
