826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a meeting of citizens of Philadelphia, tendering to
the Government their services in brining' to a
conclusion the hostilities between the United States
and the Republic of Mexico; which were read,
and ordered to lie on the tabic.
Mr. CAMERON said that there were twenty
thousand persons present; thai men of all parties
had forgotten their political predilections, and come
together to c-'ustain the country in its emergency.
The meeting had been held within sight of, the
building m which was signed that great charter of
humanCrinhts, the Declaration of Independence;
and he was i;iad to pay that the spirit of *76 still
remained there. Louisiana had first stepped out
nobly to offer her troops and her money to aid the
coiinnv 111 the approaching contest; and he felt
pioud of the spectacle presented by the great city
of his native State, assembling her sons, without
a dissenting voice, to sustain the constituted au-
thorities in their vindication of the rights and the
honor of the nation Pennsylvania (he said) had
a muster-roll of two handled and thirty thousand
intelligent and hardy militia, and she has a volun-
teer force of thirty two thousand men, armed,
equipped, and drilled, ready for the ikld—every
one of whom, he pledged himself, would be ready
to mai ch at the fnM tap of the drum, if the country
should need their services. He would not drinirt
from the merits of other fttntes, allof whom would
strive to be foremost m the race of patriotism: but
if the war should continue, he ventured to say that
the unpretending State which he had the honor in
part to represent would, as she had twice done
before, give more men and more money to the
cause of our common country than ever was given
by any other State m the Union. No man would,
in ihat Stite, inquire about die cause of the war,
but all would j nn the standard of the country, to
bnn:> u to a speedy and honorable termination.
Pennsylvania would show to the world that she
had in her mountains and her valleys "coal enough
4 to warm all her friends, and iron enough to cool
' the enemies of her country.
Mr. L1SW1S presented the memorial of Robert
Jones and James Bowen, praying the repayment
of certain duties alleged to have been illegally ex-
acted by the collector of the port of New Yorfc;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BREESE presented the petition of Stephen
It. Rowan, lote receiver of public moneys at Shaw-
nu'town, Illinois, praying to be discharged from a
liability for a sum of public money of which he
was robbed wlnle on Ins way to make deposite in
the Louisville Hiving* Institution, in Kentucky;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
EXPLANATORY.
Mr. WEBSTER called attention to a correction
which he wished to make in the printed report of
his remarks yesterday. He had said, that in look-
ing over the vote on a bill passed in 183ft, he did
not sec the honorable Senator's [Mr. Sevier's]
name in the nays, not recollecting at the time the
gentleman was not a member of the Senate. He
fiad also said that he believed, among the appoint-
ments made by Mr. Tyler, there was some not
aitogethei disagreeable to the Senator fiom Arkan-
He wished then to say that he referred to
the appointment of some political friends of the
gentleman's, the remark having no reference to
himself.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. W. also submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire iruo the expediency of pro-
viding by law for communis; in force the several
acts heretofore passed for the relief of insolvent
debtors of the United States.
Mr. ARCHER submitted a resolution, which,
having been amended by Mr. Tcrney, was agreed
to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of pro-
viding by law for a change m the time of holding
the spring terms of the distiict courts of the United
States, holden at Richmond and Norfolk, in the
State ofVirgmia, so that the former instead of com-
mencing on the 13th day of May, may commence
on the second Monday m April in each year; and
the latter instead of being held on the 30th day of
May, may commence on the second Monday in
June in each year; and that they also inquire into
May IS,.
the expediency of changing the time of holding the
snring term of the district court for the' district of
East Tennessee, at Knoxville.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PENNYBACKER, from the Committee of
Claims, submitted an adverse report upon the pe-
tition of John Hulbert; \vhich was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Oriice, reported a bill in addition
to, and amendment of, the several acts to promote
the progress'of the useful arts; and moved that one
thousand additional copies of said bill be printed
for the use of the Senate; which motion was
agreed to.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, announcing that he had signed
and approved the bill to organize a company of
sappers, millers, and pontoiiiers.
A message was received from the House, an-
nouncing that said House had concurred in the
Senate amendment to the bill making appropria-
tions for cei'tiim fortifications of the United States,
for the year ending the 30th .Tune, 18-17.
GENERAL ORDERS OF THE BAY.
The Senate considered the adverse report of the
Committee on Pensions on the petition of Marga-
ret Hevl-uid; which report was concurred in.
Also the adverse report of the Committee on Pen-
sions on the petition of Hezejtiah Wingate; which
report was concurred m.
Also the adverse report of the Committee on Pen-
sions on the petition of Thomas Hall; which report
was concurred in.
Also the adverse report of the Committee on Pen-
sions upon the petition of James Updike; which re-
port was concurred in.
MOOXTED MFLI3MEN.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the Senate resumed the
consideration of the motion submitted by Mr.
Akciu,r, ioi a ^consideration of the vote by which
the Senate concurred in the report of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, recommending that
the Senate should not agree to the amendment of
the House of Representatives,- to the' bill provi-
ding for the raising of a regiment of mounted rifle-
men, and the establishment of military posts on
the route to Oregon, directing that the officers of
the said regiment shall be taken from the regular i
line of the army. " i
Mr. ARCHER argued at length in favor of the
principle of making the appointments from the of-
tieois of the army instead of the ranks of Exeeu- i
ti\e favoritism. 1
Mr. DIX said he desired to state the reasons I
wlneli had induced him to concur m the report of
the committee. The Senate had passed a lull cre-
ating a regiment of mounted riflemen, leaving' the
power of appointment in the Executive unrestrict-
ed. The House of Repiesentalives had amended
it by lequirmg the new regiment to he officered
from the line of the army. The Committee on
Military Affairs recommend that the Senate should
not concur in this amendment; Or, in other words,
that the power of selection should he left unrestrict-
ed. This had, he believed, been the uniform prac-
tice of the Government in the organization of new
corps of the line. The practice of the Executive,
he believed, had been to appoint the new officers
partly from the army, and partly from private life.
He had no knowledge of the views of the Presi-
dent, and certainly would not presume to prejudge
them; but took it for granted the usual practice
would be followed in this ca«e. He had no inten-
tion to argue the constitutional question, which
had been raised with regard to the power of Con-
gress to restrict the Executive power of nomina-
tion. But it was quite clear, as had been said by
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fans, [Mr. Benton,] that if we could restrict the
right to the line of ihe army as proposed by this
bill, or to the staff of' the army, or to the whole
body of the army, we might restrict it to a regi-
ment, or even a company. The Senator, from
Vnginia himself, [Mr. Archer,] while claiming
the power, was of the opinion that, m restricting
it to the line of the army, the House of Repre-
sentatives had limited it unwisely, and he pro-
posed to enlarge it by embracing all the corps of
the army. But on grounds of expediency,"Mr.
D. believed the restriction unwise. The'rQ was,
in truth, no surplus of officers in the army, as
had been stated on the other side. It is -well
known, that when the army was reduced in 1831, W
large number of officers, in proportion toJthe rank'
and file, -was retained fbr the express purpose of
maintaining a basis far future enlargement in case-
of emergency. It was in this rfespect, if he
might so style it, a skeleton army. But, subse-
quently. a large number of Officers had been select-
ed and detached from the line of the army, so that
the proportion of officers performing duty in the
line did not exceed the proper proportion for a
war establishment. It is, true there were attached
to the different regiments about fifty brevet lieu-
tenants awaiting vacancies. But the_ officers with-
drawn from the line for staff and special duty,-
were far more numerous. [Mi'. Cass here said,
105.] They were, then, about double. At'all
events, lie could say there were no supernumeraries
actually performing duty in the line of the army;
and if the new regiment were to be officeied from
the existing establishment, it would be necessary-
to fill up the vacancies, in order to make the pro-
portion of officers to men what, it ought to be.
This proportion, he supposed, ought to be one ttv
about twenty. Now, Congress had a few days
before passecl a. bill authorizing the president to
increase the number of privates in a company to
one hundred, men. This was the war establish-
ment; and if the authority should be exercised,
the proportion of officers would fall far below the
proper standard. lie believed, that' in no or-
ganization of the army, the proportion of officers
of the line to privates had fallen short of one to
twenty-five; and it had often exceeded it. In Gen-
eral Washington's time—as early, he believed, as
1795—cadets were attached to artillery companies, .
in addition to the usual quota of cotapany officers,
malting a very large proportion; for the number of
privates in those companies was exceedingly lim-
ited, though lie did not,recollect precisely what it
was. On the whole, therefore, he did not believe
that any augmentation of the rank and file could
be made—not merely to one hundred privates,
but even to sixty-four or eig'hty—without render-
ing necessary a proportionate increase of officers
of the line. The Senator from Virginia had stated
that this was a question between the claims of the
officers of the -army and individuals' in private life.
He could not concur wiilt the Senator. He was
quite sure the officers of the army did not so regard
it. He had conversed with seveial of'them, and
they all concuircd in the opinion that, so far as the
general interests of the service was concerned, the
proposed restriction was inexpedient. He believed
if the question were left to them, they would not
decide in favor of a restriction at variance with
the usual practice.
In conclusion, Mr. D. said he would only add
that, under any view he could take, he deemed the
couise of the Senate a plain one—to concur with
the recommendation of the Committee on Military
Affairs, not to concur in the amendment of the
Hou£e, and leave the power of selection unre-
stricted.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he took a somewhat
different view from that of the majority of the com-
mittee, who had dissented from the amendment of
the House. The House proposed that the officers
of these two regiments should be appointed from
the army. The Senate, by its bill, insisted that
they should be appointed from the mass of the
people. That was the difference. The question
was, Whether they would limit the appointment
of these officers to the present line of the army, or
not? He would not pretend to go into a discus-
sion of the constitutional question on this subject#
as to the power of the Senate of the United States
m the organization of these new regimenis. The
organic law of the army—which undoubtedly they
had a right to pass—confined the President of th6
United States to a regular order of promotion.
When a. vacancy occurred in the army, by death,
resignation, or otherwise, the President could not
go at large into the country, and take any one he
pleased to fill the vacant office. And why? Be-
cause the organic law, which thev had establish-
ed as a necf-ssary part of the discipline and effi-
ciency of the army, required that vacancy to be
filled according to a regular and prescribed- <>rder
oi succession; and they insisted on its scrupu-
lous observance in all the nominations made be-
fore them; and instances occurred every day in
winch this limitation was enforced upon* the Pies-
