828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mayslfij
The President voted in the negative, and so the
motion tu reconsider was rejected.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the Indian appropriation bill, as in committee of
the whole; which, after discussion and amendment,
was reported back to the Senate, the amendments
concurred in, and the bill oidered to a third read-
in£- . .
On motion, it was
Resolved, That, when the Senate adjourn, it be
to Monday next.
Mr. YULEE moved that the Senate should con-
sider the bill introduced by Mr. Breese, to strike
out the proviso in the naval appropriation bill for
1836, which limits the naval service to 7,500; which
motion was not agreed to.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 15, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. McTCAY moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. DAN F EL moved that the House proceed
to the regular oiders of the day, being the consid-
eration of the piivate calendar.
The Speaker put the question first on the latter
motion.
Mr. DELA.NO rose and asked leave to make a
personal explanation.
Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN objected. We had
had enough of this thing, (he said,) and he gave
notice that fiom this time forth he would object to
the consumption of the public time in these per-
sonal matters. In a recent case, on his own side
of the House, he had objected, but ineffectually.
The SPEAKER said the question must first be
taken on the motion to proceed to the consideration
of the piivate calendar.
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
ayes 73, noes 38.
So the House determined to proceed to the con-
sideration of the private calendar.
THE FORTIFICATION BIIX.
Mr. KENNEDY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Dills, reported correct the bill making ap-
propriations for certain fortifications in the United
States. The Speaker signed the bill.
Mr. DELANO renewed his motion for leave to
make a personal explanation.
Mr. HOPKINS, and other members, objected.
Mr. W. HUNT moved a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER .said the motion was not in
order.
Some conversation followed, on the point of order,
between iVh. T11313ATTS and the SPEAKER.
After which, the motion to suspend the rules
was entertained.
Mr. GORDON asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. DELANO said he did not wish to consume
the time of the House in taking the yeas and nays.
He had risen, not foi the purpose of altercation, but
of explanation. He did not, therefore, wish to
press his request.
Mr. DOUGLASS said, after the statement made
by the gentleman, it seemed to him that no mem-
ber would object to his making a personal ex-
planation.
PRIVATE.
The House took up the private calendar.
The fust bill m order was the bill (on the Speak-
er^ table) for the lehef of Larkin Smith, which
had heretofore been reported from the Committee
of the Whole, with a recommendation that it do
not pass.
The House concurred in the recommendation.
So the bill was rejected.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. BARKLEY MARTIN now moved that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delaxo] have leave
to make a personal explanation.
Objection was made.
Mr. MARTIN moved a suspension of the rules;
and two-thirds having voted in the affirmative, the
rules were suspended.
Mr. DELANO then rose, and returned his
thanks to the House for their courtesy in granting
the leave requested.
As preliminary, he asked that an extract from
the report of a speech made by his colleague, [Mr.
Thurman,] in reply to the speech previously made
by Mr. D., be read; and it was read accordingly.
Mr. D. then went on to observe, that the whole
scope of the gentleman's argument had been calcu-
lated to place him in a false position before his
constituents, his State, and the country at large.
The gentleman's speech was calculated, if not in-
tended , to put him in a position similar to that of
the old Federal party in 1812, '13, and '14-, as not
only being opposed to the war with Mexico, but
also to the means of carrying it on after it was de-
clared. Such a representation of the sentiments he
had expressed was most unqualifiedly without any
foundation in truth. All gentlemen who had been
present, and had done him the honor to listen to
what he had said, would, he was sure, do him the
justice to bear witness that, although he had, in
strong terms, expressed his disbelief of, and oppo-
sition to, the declaration that a war existed by the
act of Mexico; and also that he thought the Presi-
dent was guilty of a violation of the Constitution
in the manner in which he had brought the war upon
the country; yet that he was ready to lend the
Government ail the means they desired to enable
them to prosecute it with vigor, and maintain the
honor of the country. Whoever imputed to him
an unwillingness to vote the supplies to carry on
this war, placed him in a false position, and did
him an act of gross injustice, to wjiich he should
not submit, either here or elsewhere. He appealed
to all gentlemen round him to say whether what
he had now stated was not in substance correct.
But it was proper that he should go a little fur-
ther, and notice some parts of the report of the
gentleman's speech somewhat more in detail.
The gentleman had said that Mr. D. had de-
nounced this war as a " democratic" war. Mr. D.
positively contradicted the correctness of this as-
sertion. He had not said that this was a demo-
cratic war. He denied it utterly; it was an effort
to commit him to a declaration that he had never
made, and thus to place him in a false bosition.
He had said that it-was a-." Presidential' waf^-a*
war commenced by the President in an unconsti-
tutional manner, and by illegal means; and he de-
nounced it as such; but henfid not said it was a
democratic war, and he did not believe the Demo-
cratic party would sanction and appro\ethe means
by which the war had been produced.
Again, the gentleman had represented him as
denouncing this war as a war " against Omnipo-
tence." Mr. D. had said no such tiling, nor any-
thing equivalent to it. All that the gentleman had
adduced under this charge, applied {to what Mr.
U. had said in relation to the allowance of ten dol-
lars a month to the volunteers, because they would
be called, ill the discharge of their duty, to encoun-
ter, not only the clangers and hardships of war,
but also a climate to which northern constitutions
were not accustomed, and which was of fatal effect
upon them. All that part of the gentleman's rep-
resentation was without even a shadow of truth.
Again, the gentleman had said that Mr. D.
charged the advocates of war with "going for
their country, ' right or wrong;' and even being
willing to fight for it."
Mr. THURMAN here explained. The report
was, in that pmt of it incoirect. He had not
made any such charge. His language had been
misunderstood by the reporter.
Mr. DELANO resumed. What he had said
was, that he himself was prepared to go for his
country, right or wrong, now that war had been
commenced; and he would readily vote whatever
was necessary to maintain its honor in the prose-
cation of the war, and bring it to a speedy, suc-
cessful, and honorable termination.
Mr. D. did not wish a controversy with any
gentleman, and least of all with a colleague; but
he would not submit to such gross misrepresenta-
tion even from that gentleman. He had had lan-
guage put into his mouth which he had never used.
He made this denial both m justice to himself and
to his constituents.
The charge that he had imitated the language of
the Federal papers was unworthy of his notice. He
never had read one of those papers, though he
presumed he might have done so with advantage
to himself. At the time the extracts read by the
gentleman were published, Mr. D. had been too
young to take any part in political affairs. Liife •
the gentleman himself, (he presumed,) he had at
that time been in the arms of his mother, wearing!;
red stockings, and calling for milk when he was;'
hungry. His was not an ancestry to teach him the*'
principles of Federalism. It ^aa Democratic, of
the oldest school, and of the-strictest sect.
He had now stated, substantially, all he meant
to say.; and he thanked the House for its courtesy
in allowing him an opportunity to put himself right
before his constituents and the country.
Mr. THURMAN, in reply,- said that before a
member undertook to form a judgment that he had,
been purposely misrepresented by another,'and
particularly a colleague, it was but courteous, to
say nothing of justice, to firit inquire of the latter,'
if present, whether the remarks in whi.ch.the sup-
posed misrepresentation exists, were correctly re-
ported. This (said Mr. Thurman) the member
from the Mount Vernon district [Mr. Delano]
has not seen fit to do; but, apparently going on the
hypothesis that the report of my remarks is cor-
rect, he, without inquiry into its correctness, says
that he will not be misrepresented here or else-
where. It is true that he does-not charge me with
wilfully misrepresenting him;,but he repelswhat he
calls misrepresentations, and speaks about "here or
elsewhere." Now, in the first place, (said Mr.
Thcr-man,) in reference to the gentleman's "here
and elsewhere,'' I have to tell him that he will find
me quite'ready to meet any responsibility to which
he may see fit to hold me, here, or elsewhere, for,
what I have said. But, (continued Mr. T.,) neither
will I be misrepresented. . My colleague says that
the scope of my remarks is to identify him [Mr. D.]
with the peace party of the late war, and represent
him as opposed to providing means for ctcrrjing on
the present contest. Now, sir, I charged him with
no such thing as an unwillingness to provide means
to carry on the war. I did not say or intimate
that he was unwilling to vote the necessary means'
to prosecute the.war. On the contrary, I-repeated
his language, that he,was "for his country right or
wrong." But what I did say, and what I still say,
and what I shall continue-to say, is, that he has a
strange way of supporting his country "right or
wrong." It is a strange way to support one's
country right or wrong, to deelare, after war has
begun, when it exists both in law and in fact, that
the war is "aggressive, unholy, unrighteous, and
damnable on the part of the Government of that
country; that on that Government rests its respon-
sibility and its wrongfulness. It is,a strange way to
support one's country, right or wrong, in a war, to
tax one's imagination to the utmost to depict the
disastrous consequences of the contest; to dwell on
what it has already cost and what it will cost in
future; to depict her troops prostrated by disease
and dying with pestilence; in a word, to destroy,as
far as possible, the moral force of the Government
in the struggle, and hold it up to its own people and
the world, as the aggressor that merits their con-
demnation. It was for this that I arraigned my col-
league, and"that 1 intend to arraign him. It was
because his remarks, so far as they could have any
influence, were evidently calculated to depress the
spirits of his own countrymen, to lessen the moral
force of his own Government, and to inspire with
confidence and hope the enemies of his country.
[Mr. Delano here rose, and was understood tp
say, " What chance had I, under the gag-rule,-to
express my views before war was declared ?"-]
Mr. T. in continuation. The responsibility of
the gag-rule does not rest on me. But if the gen-
tleman had no opportunity to express his views
before the recognition of the war, after the war was
declared to exist he had better left them unex-
pressed. He had better have done, as others did,
say nothing at all, if what he had to say was cal-
culated to injure his country.
In the next place, my colleague says that he did
not say that the war was a democratic War. Well,
sir, he may not have used that precise word, but he
certainly was understood as substantially charging
it on the Democratic party. He assuredly did hold
the Ad ministration responsible for it. He assured-
ly did call it a presidential war. He assuredly did
charge, indirectly if not directly, that it was intend-
ed for the conquest of California. And if .this is
not making the Democratic party—that parity to
which the President owes his election—that party
that is responsible for the Administration, answer-
able for tfie war, pray what more is-necessary to
make it answerable ?
