1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831
Mr. SAWYER moved that the bill be 'laid
aside, tci be reported with a recommendation that
it do not pass.
Rejected—ayes- 36, noes 75.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported.
Tlie following bills were severally considered,
and were laid aside to be reported.
A bill for the relief of Nathan Smith, Charles
K, Smith, et a I.
A joint resolution ior the relief of Seth M. Lea-
venworth.
" The bill for the relief of Philip B. Holmes and
"William Pcdrick, on motion of Mr. HUNGER-
FORD, was laid aside, with a recommendation,
that it do not pass.
The hill for the relief of the heirs of Dr. John
Gray, deceased, being under consideration—. ,
Mr. DANIEL opposed the bill.
Mr. LIGON advocated it.
[A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of J. K. Walker,
Esq., his Private Secretary, informing the House
that he had this day approved and signed the bill
making* appropriations for certain fortifications of
the United States for the year ending 30th June,
1847.]
The debate was further continued by Mr. JOHN
G. CHAPMAN* and IVir GILES m favor, and by
Mr. GROYER in opposition to the bill.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the bill be laid aside,
to be reported with the recommendation that it be
rejected; and on that motion demanded tellers;
which were ordered.
Mi*. BOWLIN further opposed, and
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL advocated the bill
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Daniel; and the vote stood—ayes 40, noes G6; no
quorum voting.
The Chairman counted the committee, and found
a quorum present.
The questiQn was again taken, and decided in the
negative—ayes 44, noes 80.
So the committee refused to recommend the re-
jection of the bill.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported.
The hill for the relief of the legal repiosentaUves
of Captain William Small wood Tillard being under
consideration—
The report was read, and also (at the request of
Mr. Hun^serford) an adverse report on the same
case, of a previous Congress.
Mr. GORDON opposed the bill.
Mr. LIGON advocated it.
The debate was further continued by Mr. RAM-
SEY and Mr. McGATJGHEY.
Mr. GORDON moved that the bill belaid aside,
with a recommendation that it be rejected.. Agreed
to.
On motion of Mr. JAMES A. BLACK, the res-
olution for the relief of Peter Gorman (for the
building of the road from the Capitol to the Kavy
Yard) was taken up.
Mr. BLACK briefly advocated it.
Mr. GORDON called for the reading of the re-
port; which was read.
The bill was laid aside to be reported.
On motion, tlie committee rose, and reported the
above several bills to the House.
And the House adjourned.
. PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate 'committees:
By Mr. BRINKERHOPF: The petition of Purely Moll-
vnixte, praying tor cornpon&ation as late register of the land
office at Marion, Ohio.
Bj* Mr TXBBATTS: The petition, of the chairman and
trustee* of tbe Tennessee institution for the m^trucuori ot
tlie blind, praying an appropriation to found a national li-
brary i'or the blind : referred 60 the Committee of the Whole
on the .-tale of- the Union.
By Mr. MOSELJ3Y: The remonstrance of farmers of
Erie county,.New Foik, against lenewiug tlie patent of
Jethio Wood to hi* rftpr°<.entatives.
By Mi • WENT WORTH. Tnu petition of sundry citizens
of Will county, lUinoifor a maii-ioute trom Cass, via Bar-
ker's Comer, Da Page ForKs, and "Vermont Settlement, lu
0;wego, Illinois: referred to tlie Committee on tho Po,t
Ofiicc and Post Roads. AUo, the petition of 167 citizens
and 129 legal voters of Bureau county, Illinois, tor the elec-
tion ot President and Vice Pitsident by a direct vote of the
people: referred to the Committee on tlit* Juuiciaiy.
, IJy Mr. JR. SMITH: The petition of Alexander Wilson,
of Pulton county, Illinois, who lost hi.s tight arm at the
shoulder joint, in tht* service of tlie United States dnring
the war with Gieat Britain, praying an increase of his pen-
sion . referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Bv Mr. A. JOHNSON : The mcmonal of W. H. Wells
prajing the Congie^s of the United States to grant him 160
acres ufiand: which was refoiredto the Committee.on Pri-
vate land claim*.
By M:. DELANO: The reraonstiance of 15 citizens of
Ohio against a renewal ot the patent for making Jp.tlno
Wood's cast iron plough-points. i
By Mr. RAMSEY: The remonstrance of Thomas C. WTil- j
liai«i!=, Jolin Beadle, and one hundred others, citizens of I
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, engaged in the coal trade, ,
remonstrating against any change m the tariff laws now m. j
foice. ~ ;
By Mi. HAMPTON: The memorial of Fayette Pierson ;
and twenty-six other citizens of the State of Pennsylvania, j
respectfully urging upon Congress the earhe.-t favorable ac- |
tion upon the bill designating the Commonwealth of Perm- ;
syhaiiia as the most centra! and suitable position foi one
of the national foundries fui tho manufacture ot cannon and
projectile's m the United States: referred to the Committee j
on Military Allans.
By Mr. HAMPTON: The petition of John J. Adams, of l
the count)- of Camden, New Jersey, asking Congiess to ex- |
tend, lor his relief, his patents for His new and usetul plan ;
of flattening cylinder window glass: refeired to the Com- .
nuttee on Pitents. !
By Mi. JAMES BLACK: The petition of the heirs and j
legal representatives of Lieut. Robert Allison, asking relief: j
leleued to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen&ions. |
By Mr. J. P MARTIN: The petition of sundry citizens of !j
Kentucky, praying an appropriation for the improvement of 1
the Cumberland river: lefeiredtoth ~  * " —J-
and Canal".
By Mr. RAMSEY: The remonstrance of Samuel J. Potts,
William M. H.unbridge, and fifty otiieis, citizens ot Schuyl-
kill county, Penn^lvauia, engaged m mining and trading
m coal, remrmstiating against any change in the tariff* laws
now in force.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 18, 1846.
Mr. C0RW1N presented the memorial of Jose-
phine Nourse, widow of Benjamin F. Nourse, de-
ceased, late an assistant surgeon in the United
which was refcr-
XND1AN APPROPRIATIONS.
The bill making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the va-
rious Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30th,
1847, was taken up, and, after the insertion of an
appropriation of $3,000, moved by Mr. Sf/vxer, for
the purpose of carrying into effect a treaty now
pending, was read a third- time and passed.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives,-announcing that said House had
receded from their amendment to the bill to raise a
regiment of mounted riflemen.
Several messages m writing were received from
the President of the United States.]
THE NAVAL SERVICE. -
Mr, YULEE moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the bill to repeal a part of the
act* making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June 30,1846; which motion was
agreed to.
The bill was then considered as in committee of
the whole, reported back to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
Committee on Roads 1 j reading.
By unanimous consent, the bill was immediately
read a third time and passed.
SUSPENDED PRE-EMPTION CLAIMS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved that the
Senate resume the consideration of the bill pro-
viding for the settlement of all suspended pre-
emption claims m the several States and Terri-
tories; which motion was asrreed to.
The Senate lesumcd, as in comniju.ee of the
whole, the consideration of the above bill, when
Mr. HUNTINGTON submitted a few remarks
against the bill m the form reported by the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, followed in sup-
States army, praying a pension;
red to the Committee on Military Affairs. ;j
Mr. STURGEON presented seven petitions of ;1
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying the adoption of port ot the bill; and, after some conversation
measures for the abolition of slavery in the United i ; between the above gentlemen and Senators CAL
• . : i.. i. . . . i i ' T.rrUTT\7 TALI 1\ 1 1 ]  i ,1
States; the motion to receive which was ordered
to he on the tabic.
Mr. WEWTCOTT presented tlie petition of
Thomas H. Duval, praying compensation for his
services as clerk of the superior court of Leon
county, in the middle district of the Tenitory of ';]
Florida, prior to the admission of that State into ,!
the Union; which was referred to the Committee of |
Claims.
Mr. .JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
memorial of C. Alexander and T. Barnard, pray-
ing indemnity for loss sustained by them in conse-
quence of a violation on the part of the United
States of their contract for executing the printing
of tlie Navy Department, which was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of increasing the number of general and staff offi-
cers in the army of the United States; and also to
inquire into the expediency of making further pro-
IiOUN and JOHNSON of Maryland, and the
adoption of sundry amendments,
Mr. SPEIGHT called for the reading of the bill
as amended; which was ordered.
After some further remarks by Mr. S. to the
effect that he had no objection to the bill, provided
it gave his patent to the poor man who had paid
for it, it was reported back to the Senate, as amend-
ed, the amendments concurred in, and the bill wts
ordered to a third reading.
Mr. DAYTON moved to take up the bill for
the transportation of the United States mail from
the Atlantic seaboard, through the Isthmus of
Panama and along the northeast coast of America,
to Oiegon, &c., reported from the Committee on
Post Oilices and Post lloads, with a view to recom-
mit the same. The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAYTON observed that his attention had
recently been called to the communication uhich
accompanied the report and formed.part of it. He
did not desire to convey any censure upon the
honorable Senator who made the report, more than
he assumed for himself as a member of the com-
mittee; but the communication in question had not
been examined bythecommittee,and,hesupposed,
: visions to promote tlie cflicicncy of the volunteer i; had not been examined carefully by the Senator
| force authorized by law. |j himself, otherwise he was certain he would' not
' REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. |j have suffered it to form a part of tlie report; for
■ft/f vat a \"o c *1 *j.  it N it really had nothing to do with the subject-matter
; Mr. LVAjN S, from the Committee on h mance, ; of thc £ail for infon*ation made b thc i "
; reported a bill to remit the duties which have ac- He did not complam of the report itself, ti ou"h he
. crued upon me importation of railroad iron in cer- had not bcen aiJ)le t0 concm. £ u j pec™°'^
j tain cases; which was redd, and passed to the sec-
i ond reading.
j Mr. .LEWIS, from tlie Committee on Finance,
i reported, without amendment, thc House bill
I making appropriations for the service of tlie Post
Office Department for the year ending June 30th,
1847.
I Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, from the Com-
i mittee of Claims, reported a joint resolution for
j the relief of Lewis G. Deltussey; winch was read
• a first and second time, considered as in commit-
tee of the whole, reported back to the Senate, and
and results; but, for the purpose of apprizing the
Senate of the character of the communication ac-
companying it, and as a warning against inatten-
tion and carelessness hereafter in the publication
of such communications, he begged leave to sub-
mit a few extracts, which he would read without
comment. He regretted that such a production
should be permitted to go foith to thc world under
the quasi endorsement of the Senate. It was hj<.li-
ly^ discreditable to the body as well as to the com-
mittee of which he was a member. His object in
A* a thi,rd 1'eac"ng', by j uluhTcommufef rig havf ^"uni^
tnen ■; retracing fhptv ^ ot .
resolution wus wcn ii ^i;rps' >r
Mr. BFJN'TON moved that 1,000 extra copies jj mumcation in question" consIsted of tile «m-
of the proceedings of the court of inquiry in the !; Mr. D. then read various extracts from the ,v=
case of Major Ripley, be printed for the use of the i! pou and the communication accompanying .t «
oenate; winch motion was agieed to. follows; ' ' s
