THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITYOFW A S IIIN G TO IN, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress,,1st Session.
FRIDAY, MAY 22, 1846.
New Series....No. 53.
Mr. DAYTON. No! at all. I do not concur
in the report. • '
" Mr. SEMPLE Said the Senator, he believed, had
heard the report read, well as the accompanying
communication in committee; if he had been dis-
posed to object to it, that would have been the time
to make the objection. It was, at all events, apart
of the Senator's duty, as a member of the commit-
tee, to acquaint himself with the contents of the
report; but, instead of stating any objection to it
heretofore, the Senator now, for the first time, an-
nounced to the Senate that he disagreed with the
report. He must be permitted to say he was some-
what astonished that the Senator should have taken
such a course. He'now felt constrained to insist
that the whole communication should be read; as
that portion which the Senator seemed to consider
the laughable part had been read, he desired that
the sensible part might be read also. It was
written, ho thought, with great ability, and by a
gentleman who had been upon the spot, and had
seen the mountains of Oregon, and possessed some
fancy.
The Senator from New Jersey was the last man
in the world who ought" to object to the style' in
which the letter was written. He had heard the
Senator, anil heard him with pleasure, indulge in
greater flights of fancy than any contained in the
letter. The writer of that letter, h,e believed, was
a native of New Jersey, and probably learned his
acquirements of fancy m the same school with the
Senator. He had heard the Senator mix up with
his good sense and sound reasoning more extraor-
dinary flights of the imagination than any that
could be found in the passages which the Senator
had cited. Had he supposed the Senator had in-
tended to make the motion he had now made, he
would have been prepared with some specimens
of the Senator's own eloquence, which lie believed
would have corresponded fully with what he had
read, if they did not go a little beyond it. He
recollected a fanciful speech made by the New Jer-
sey Senator two years ago, in which the Senator
spoke of the crack of the rifle being heard on the
mountains of Oregon, reverberating from the Rocky
Mountains across the valley of the Mississippi to
the Alleghanies, thence sweeping across the Atlan-
tic Ocean, and finding its restjng place on the
shores of Europe. [Much laughter.]
Something like that was the oratory of the hon-
orable Senator; and he had no doubt many Sena-
tors recollected still the "crack of that rifle. [Re-
newed Iaughtef.] '
He was of opinion that the letter which formed
a part of the report contained a great deal of valu-
able information; though it was undoubtedly mixed
up with a good deal of fancy, such as naturally
occurred to a young man who viewed personally
what he described—scencs such as the Senator
from New Jersey never in his life beheld, and of
which he had no conception. When the writer of
that letter ascended the loftiest peak of the Rooky
Mountains, his feelings were, perhaps, something
like those of the man who, gazing down from a
similar position, cried out, " Attention the world!
My kingdom, riglit about face!"
He had no particular objection that the report
should be recommitted. Lot the whole letter be
read, and then see if the Senator could get a ma-
jority of the committee to strike it out. He desired
to have the letter read now.
"[Several Senators. "Oh, no! Oh, no!"]
Mr.-DIX moved that the subject be laid aside,
in order to proceed to the consideration of the
special order.
Mr. DAYTON". If the Senator will defer his
motion for a moment, this question can be disposed
of. It will occupy no time.
Mr. DIX withdrew his motion.
Mr. DAYTON remarked that he had entirely
exculpated the Senator. He did not impute to
him the least particle of blame in having reported
this communication. The Senator's asperity,
therefore, in speaking of his flights of fancy, was
wholly unmerited and uncalled for. While he
had too much respect for the Senator to treat him
with levity, he had too much self-respect to reply
53
to anything that might be said in reference to his
own peculiar style of speaking.
The question was then put on the motion for
recommitment, and it "was agreed to. -
PAY DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill making alterations in the pay department of
the army.
Mr. DIX, in the belief that the discussion on
the power of removal from office, which sprang
up a few days since when this bill was under con-
sideration, expressed his hope that the Senate
would now proceed t.o vote. The Senator from
Kentucky, who was entitled to the floor, was also
in possession of the floor on the bill relative to
French spoliations; and if that Senator would
forego his right to continue the discussion on this
bill, and let the bill take its course, the special
order on French spoliations might come up to-
morrow.
Mr. MOREIIEAD expressed his readiness to
accede to this proposition, if it should be a general
understanding with Senators on the other side,
that the special order should be taken up to-
morrow.
Mr. WESTCOTT having submitted a few re-
marks explanatory of the reasons which would
influence him in voting against the bill, moved that
the further consideration of the subject be post-
poned until day after to-morrow; which motion
was negatived.
Mr. R. JOHNSON then withdrew his motion
to strike out the second section of the bill, and
moved to amend the section by adding to it a pro-
viso, rendering it the duty of the President to in-
stitute, at the end of every four years, an investi-
gation into the accounts and securities of the in-
cumbent; which was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON renewed the motion to strike
out the second section, and asked for the yeas and
nays, which were ordered.
Mr. DIX said, before the question was taken on
this bill, he desired to say a few words in explana-
tion of its provisions and objects. He had pur-
posely abstained from a discussion of the general
question of the power of removal and appointment,
and lie should take no part in it now. He desired
to call the attention of the Senate to the real question
before it. The question was whether paymasters
of the army should be placed, in respect to the ten-
uro of their offices, on the same footing as the other
disbursing officers of the army. In bringing the bill
under the consideration of the Senate on a former
occasion, he had siated that the tenure of office in
this case was an exception to the general rule in re-
spect to military appointments. He had put the
proposition to change the tenure in this single case,
on the distinct ground of convenience to the public
service. The existing mode of appointment had
long been a subject of embarrassment to the pay de-
partment. The number of officers in that depart-
ment was extremely limited—only sixteen, inclu-
ding the head. The additional number asked for
had become indispensable, from the increasing
wants of the service, the extension of our territory,
and the augmentation of the number of posts.
Their commissions now expire periodically, and
sometimes, the unavoidable delays in the re-ap-
polntment had the effect of impairing the efficien-
cy of the department and embarrassing the public
service. It was stated as an objection to the bill that
paymasters were included in the act of 1820, limit-
ing the tenure of certain officers to four years, and
that all the arguments in favor of the limitation in
respect to the officers with whom paymasters were
classed, were equally applicable to the latter. But
it was for the very reason that there was an im-
portant distinction between them, that the prop-
osition was urged. It would be seen by refer-
ence to the act of 1820, that the offices referred
to were for the most part local. The incumbents
were appointed for particular places, and their
duties were performed there. Besides, those of-
fices were of a civil character. The appoint-
ment of paymaster was a military appointment.
It is true, paymasters were in general assigned
to particular districts; but they had duties to
perform at various points within those districts,
and often at points remote from each other. They
were annexed to the army, which was a moving
body. Their commissions might expire when
they were rem'ote from the appointing power, and
when it was difficult, if not impracticable, without
inconvenient delays-, to comply with the formali-
ties exacted on a reappointment. This was not
an imaginary difficulty. It had frequently oc-
curred; and, as he had. already said, the embar-
rassment had been a subject of complaint by the
pay department, not this'year only, but in former
years. The amount of money disbursed by pay
masters had been referred to as an objection to the
change in the tenure of their office. But it hap-
pened that the circumstances under which these
disbursements were made furnished a ready an-
swer to the objection. They were not like collec-
tors of the customs, receivers of public moneys
for lands, and other officers of a like character, re-
ceiving moneys varying in amount with the vary-
ing transactions of business; so that the Govern-
ment could not know, from week to week, the
amount in their hands. Their funds were, for the
most part, supplied on requisitions for specific sums
to make specific payments at specific periods. The
department had always the means of judging of
the propriety of these requisitions, and it always
knew very nearly the amount the paymasters
had in their hands. When a regiment is to be.
( paid, the pay being regulated by law, the amount
: is easily calculated; the required sum is supplied
when it is to be disbursed; the disbursement is
promptly .made; and paymasters have, therefore,
very rarely, for a length of time, large sums in
their hands. Almost all the arguments in favor of
a limitation of the tenure of officc, in civil appoint-
ments, so far as the security of the public money is
concorned, are inapplicable to them. The power
of removal for unfaithfulness was not touched by
the proposed measure. This power was fully
given by another act, which would remain unre-
pealed in this respect. If a paymaster's accounts
were not regularly rendered, and the public mon-
eys in his hands accounted for, the President was
authorized to dismiss him from the public service;
and this power had been exercised in one case
within a few years, notwithstanding a limitation
of the time of the office. He did not desire to
prolong the debate, which had already been suffi-
ciently protractcd, and he would not do so. He had
hoped the amendment, which had been adopted on
the motion of the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Johnson,] would have rendered the bill satisfac-
tory on all hands. The President had the power
to require bonds to be renewed whenever he might
think proper. The amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Maryland went farther, and made it his
duty, at least once in four years, to inquire into
the sufficiency of the security, and require a re-
newal of the bond, if necessary. This amend-
ment met all objections excepting such as applied
to a removal of the limitation of the tenure of of-
fice in any case. He would not go into the dis-
cussion of this question. He put this case on the
distinct ground of an exception to the general rule
in respect to military appointments. The propo-
sition was not to create, but to remove an excep-
tion. It was called for by special circumstances
of public convenience. He knew nothing of these
circumstances, excepting as he had learned them
from the proper departments. The change had
been repeatedly asked for by the Paymaster Gen-
eral. It had been sanctioned by the Secretary of
War; and he had full confidence in the representa-
tions of these gentlemen in respect to the wants
and conveniences of the branch of the public ser-
vice, to which the proposition related. He had,
therefore, reported the bill, and he had given it his
support. He trusted it would receive the sanction
of the Senate.
After a few words from Mr. CAMERON, in
favor of the motion, the question was taken, and
decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashlev, Atchison, Atiierton
Breese, Bright, Cameron, Thomas Clayton, Jolm M. (jtay-
