1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
835
flict, and the whole of the remainder of the Mexi-
can forces, numbering seVen hundred and thirty,
were made prisoners of war, and among these was
the President of the republic himself But the
best of this great and wonderful achievement re-
mains .to be 'told. This victory, unparalleled in
sjnodern 'warfare, was accomplished against such
fearful odds, with the loss of two men, who cwere
killed, and twenty-three others only were wound-
ed. The faithful historian who has recorded this
conflict, and who will perpetuate the memory of
that bloody field and'brilliant deed, has taught us,
and all those who will come after us, to regard that
day as the birthday of a nation, and that field as
the grave of Mexican domination east of the Rio
Grande. It is now, sir, well known as a historical
fact that all the great Powers of both hemispheres,
including the United States, England, France, and
Russia, acknowledged the independence of Texas,
entered into treaties with her, and paid all respect
to her national flag. It is well, known, too, sir,
that frpttt that memorable day Texas had, .with-
out molestation or interruption from Mexico,
maintained an organized system of government
similar to that of the United States, securing to
her people the full enjoyment of civil and religious
liberty, and all the benefits and privileges of a well-
balanced and properly-established constitutional
Government. For eight years Texas continued to
grew, increpe, and prosper m the full enjoyment
of th$ blessings of peace, unmolested by any hos-
tile invasion by the armies ofMcxico, or by any
bands of organized troops from the Mexican bor-
ders. She was independent, and was recognised
as such by the world, and no effort had been made
on the part ofMcxico to reduce her to subjection.
I ask, jn all candor, how have we done wrong to
Mexico, and with what justice can she complain
of outrages committed by the United States upon
her territory, when we gave our consent that the
independent republic of Texas should be admitted
as a new State into our Union ? Mexico, torn and
distracted by factions, without the ability to main-
tain any organized system of government, had no
hope of reducing Texas to subjection. This was
not attempted by Mexico, and candor and truth
require us to admit that no attempt would be made,
with the expectation of accomplishing such an
object,^ after an absence of eight years, during
which Uexas had been tie facto independent, en-
joying all the rights and exercising all the acts of
sovereignty, and independent, also, dejwe, by the
solemn recognition of the nations. No reason-
able man anywhere believed, that such & result
was m the remotest degree even possible; and it
was universally conceded that Texas, as an in-
dependent sovereign Power, had greater claims
to, consideration from the civilized' world than
even the self-styled republic of Mexico herself
In the honesty of my soul, I do most solemnly
believe and such, I think, is, the opinion of a
Jarge> majority of the Ameiican people—that
Mexico, unaided by any foreign nation, relyin°-
exelusiveiy upon her own soldiers and resources
to carry on a war, should she have attempted, by
an, invasion of that territory, to reduce Texas to
submission, would have hazarded her very exist-
ence as an independent government. This was the
condition, and such was the relationship existing
between Texas and Mexico at" the time the late
overtures were made for the annexation of Texas
to the United otates. Before this measure was con-
summated, so. desirable to both Governments, it
was placed m issue before that greatest of all'tribu-
nals m all free Governments—the whole body of the
people. It was discussed, canvassed, considered,
and solemnly determined by the people of both
Governments, with a full knowledge of all the facts,
that the union of the two countries should be com-
pleted by the performance of the rites appropriate
to a political act of a character so important and
sacred. The peop eof this country were, to some
. extent, divided at that time as to tl'e policy of ad-
mitting Texas as a State into this Union This I
admit, was an honest difference of opinion; and the
measure was one about which the most patriotic
might with propriety at that time disagree, fto man
had a right to assail the motives of those who dif-
fered from him at that time as to the wisdom of the
policy. But, sir, the question now assumes another
aspect. Texas has,been admitted into the Union
the people of both countries have been consulted!
and they have solemnly determined to unite their
destmy under the broad and ample folds of the
American banner. The deed has been consumma-
ted and ratified by the action of both Governments;
and Texas has as much claim upon our protection
as any other State in this Confederacy. The
boundary of the United States is now extended
to the western limit of Texas; her soil is our soil,
her people our people; and her resources contribute
to our greatness in peace, and to our defence in
war. She is already represented in the other
branch of Congress, and has recently, by authori-
ty of law," elected two members of this House.
We have extended over the whole of her territory
the laws of the United States, and made provision
for their regular and proper administration. We
have established within her limits districts for the
collection of revenue, passed laws for establishing
post-routes, and all other laws necessary to afford
them equal rights and privileges as a component
part of the American Union. We have done all
this, and it is now too late to urge objections to the
policy of this measure; and at a time like this,
when our country- has been invaded by hostile
troops—when our soldiers have been captured,
wounded, and killed in unequal and desperate con-
flict, and our army is exposed to peril from the over-
powering numbers of the enemy, it is treasonable
to withhold the supplies necessary for their relief;
and no good but much evil must result from a pro-
longed discussion upon the policy of annexing
Texas to the United States, and the propriety or
impropriety of the conduct of the President in di-
recting the occupation by the army of the country
between the Nueces and the Rio Grande. What
if Mexico did protest solemnly against this act,
and did announce that she would consider it a dec-
laration of war on the part of the United States ?
What if she did unceremoniously withdraw her
Minister, in consequence of the action of the Gen-
eral Government in giving its consent to the annex-
ation of Texas ? What if she did claim Texas as
an integral part of the Mexican republic, the right
to reconquer which she would never relinquish?
These declarations and acts occurred before the
measure was consummated, and they did not influ-
ence our action then; much less should they con-
trol us now, when these menaces have been carried
out by the invasion of Texas and the slaughter of
our citizens; and we have been called upon to
furnish men and means to chastise these invaders
of our soil, and speedily to terminate the war they
have commenccd. But, sir, some of the opponents
of the Administration on this floor have voted
against the measures recommended by the Presi-
dent in his special message in relation to the state
of things on our southwestern frontier, and passed
by both branches of Congress a few days ago by
an overwhelming majority. I was glad to see that
this number was so small, and I sincerely regretted
that there should lie any, even one solitary man,
who, on an important occasion like this, should
feel constrained by his sense of propriety and re-
fard for the Constitution, to withhold from the
Executive the whole power and resources of the
Government, if necessary, to repel invasion from
our soil, and to punish the aggression made upon
our territory.
Sir, if these fourteen members had contented
themselves with giving a silent vote, or if in their
attempts to justify themselves before the country,
they had not made a studied attack upon the Exec-
utive, I should have been contented that their votes
and their speeches should have gone before the
world without notice or remark from me. But the |
small band who voted in opposition have gained an
accession to their number, and have been assisted in
their assaults upon the Administration, by others
who voted for the measure, as they now assert, with
a mental reservation as to certain expressions con-
tained in the preamble, and against which they both
then and now enter their solemn protest. The act
of Congress asserts, that the war actually existing
was commenced by the republic of Mexico, and
then makes provision for raising 50,000 volunteers,
and appropriates ten million dollars, to prosecute
this war already existing to a successful termina-
tion. I will do these gentlemen the justice to say
that they are the advocates on this floor of all the
necessary supplies of men and money for the de-
fence of the country. They have so declared, and
I am unwilling to believe that there is an American
citizen of any party or section of this Union who
would withhold the means for defence against a !
hostile invasion from any quarter. It is enough for |
us to Itnow that our soil has been desecrated" that i
our country has been invaded; that a hostile
band of armed soldiers have killed and wounded
our citizens, and that the American army, under
General Taylor, is in a hazardous situation, and in
need of assistance. At a time like this shall we be
struggling for a mere party triumph ? Can no cir-
cumstances or condition of the country, no perils
however great, induce gentlemen in the opposition
to cease their cavilling against the Administration,
or postpone their hostility to the President ? Is not
this an occasion when, for a time, all party distinc-
tions and differences shall be forgotten, and with
one voice, with one heart, and with one hand, we
all shall march forward in defence of the soil, the
rights, and the honor of the country? Admit, for
the sake of the argument merely, that the President
has mistaken the duties of his station, and has
committed an aggression upon Mexico by order-
ing the army to occupy a position on the left bank
of the Rio Grande opposite to Matamoras: is this
a time for us to institute an investigation of his
conduct' Is this the proper time to be weakening
the moral force and power of the Administration,
upon whom the responsibility of prosecuting the
war necessarily devolves ? Does patriotism require
at your hands, as the faithful representatives of the
people, that you should now, in your elevated posi-
tion, denounce the President for a violation of the
Constitution, by making an unauthorized and un-
holy invasion on the sod and territory of Mexico ?
Does your regard for the Constitution of the
country require you to denounce this war with
Mexico as unauthorized, unjust, and damnable?
What can gentlemen who assume-such positions
at a crisis like this promise themselves or their
country? Will you promote the success of our
arms by destroying, if such a thing were possi-
ble, the influence of the President? Are you
encouraging enlistments for the service of the
country by proclaiming to your countrymen that
your Government is the aggressor 3—that the Pres-
ident has, in violation of the Constitution, with-
out. authority of Congress, made an aggressive,
unjust, and damnable war against an unoffending
sister republic? I beg such gentlemen to pause
and reflect before they give utterance to such sen-
timents ill this place, at a time like this. Retrace
your steps, and withdraw, foratime,these charges,
perhaps inconsiderately and too hastily made, and
come forward with the same ability you have dis-
played against the Executive, in support of all the
measures neccssary to the efficient and succcssful
prosecution of the war against Mexico, and, my
word for it, the result will be such as t,o rejoice the
patriots of till parties. If these charges are to be
investigated, and if gentlemen will insist that they
are made in good faith, and that they are prepared
to sustain them before the greatest of all human
tribunals—the enlightened public opinion of the civ-
ilized world—I call upon them, in the name of my
countrymen of all parties, to postpone these bick-
erings and discussions until the rainbow of peace
shall again span our country's horizon. The coun-
try cannot appreciate the patriotism of gentlemen
who will, in the midst of a conflict, long stop to
inquire whether their country be right or wrong;
and I can assure such that the denunciations made
by them against the Presiden t, and the charges they
have preferred that he has, by committing acts of
aggression on unoffending Mexico, plunged the
country into an unjust, unrighteous, and damnable
war, will not be responded to by any considerable
portion of the people. Nine-tenths of the people,
of all parties, have approved of the preliminary
measures taken by the President for the defence of
I exas and our south western frontier. And with
the first news of the invasion of our territory and
the murder of our citizens upon the banks of the
Rio Grande, with one accord we find the great mass
of the people, of all parties, volunteering their ser-
vices and marching to the scene of action to repel
the invaders, and to punish the aggression. Poli-
ticians and members of Congress attached to par-
ticular interests may forget their country, and feel
no indignation at the treachery and outrages com-
mitted on our own soil, and against American
citizens, by the Mexican soldiery; but the peo-
i ' 10 honest,patriotic, and industrious people—-
at home and by their own firesides, are always for
their country, right or wrong. But, Mr. Chair-
man, there are two classes of protesters and cavil-
lers whom it becomes my duty to notice before f
close my remarks. The first class deny the truth
ot the proposition which asserts that war actually
