1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
837
have prevented, with all the means at his com-
mand, the invasion of this territory by a hostile
band of Mexican soldiers, he would have been
censurable for permitting the desecration of Amer-
ican soil by ruthless invaders, and the same gentle-
men who now charge him with a violation of the
Constitution, and with a usurpation of power to
make an aggressive war upon a friendly sister re-
public, would' have raised the ciry long and loud
against his imbecility, his cowardie'e, and his wapt
of ability to discharge ■ the duties of the Chief
Magistrate of thisUnion. I do not expect that the
President can satisfy such individuals. It would
be vain and worse than idle for him to make the
attempt. But the great body of the enterprising,
industrious people of this country, of all parties,
with one accord will respect him for his prudence,
cherish him for his wisdom, and honor him for
the bold and fearless manner in which he has dis-
charged his high and responsible constitutional
obligations.
Mr. TOOMBS remarked that his colleague [Mr.
Lumpkin] had very properly placcd this question
011 the ground of the defence of the President; and
it was a little remarkable, when the country was
represented by the friends of the Administration to
be suffering from foreign invasion, and that the
blood of American citizens shed, as was contended,
on American soil, was calling aloud for immediate
vcngeance, instead of responding to those appeals
to patriotism which had been made, even this
occasion must be consecrated to party, and a pre-
amble placcd before the bill to cover the usurpa-
tions or the Executive—a preamble declaring what
)io man could rise in his place and say he knew,
that war had been made by Mexico. They could
have voted supplies to defend Texas as well with-
out (hid preamble; but it was too precious an op-
portunity to be lost to appeal to the people to sanc-
tion the wrongs and the usurpations of the Execu-
tive. And all those who were unwilling to sub-
scribe to this declaration, the truth of which
they could i;ot know, and which ho believed to be
false, were to be branded as enemies to their coun-
try—as destitute of patriotism. If this were pa
tuotism, he hoped there were but few patiiots in
the country.
The true question was not whether we should
vote supplies for our army or protect our citizens
in Texas. These questions were extraneous to
that which was the subject of discussion, viz: the
defence of the Executive. The question of the
annexation of Texas was also settled. He had
opposed it as long as opposition was availing; since
it had become a part of the country by the action of
the constituted authorities—regularly, legally—it
had become a part of our duty to defend it as much
as to defend our native soil, and he was as ready to
doit. It was not a question of dividing the country,
but a question, where is the boundary of the coun-
try? And it was a fact that should be borne in
mind, that out of fifteen or sixteen propositions
for the annexation of Texas, there was but one
that did not define its limits; and that one was
xussed by the House of Representatives and the
Senate, and became a lav._ That left the question
of boundary an open question, expressly declaring
that " so much of the territory as rightfully belongs
to Texas should be annexed to the United States."
Congress could not untie the Gordian knot at that
time, or define precisely what the boundary was:
i.t was left for the Executive to do this, and Con-
gress was called upon to sanction that act.
The opinions of distinguished men, he said, had
been cited, to show that Texas, in 1819, extended
to the Rio del Norte. But it was competent for
Mexico to divide her Departments as she pleased.
But Mr. T. proceeded briefly to refer to facts, to
show that the Texas which revolted from the Mex-
ican Government, became independent, and was
annexed, was bounded westerly by the Neuces, or
might have extended a little further; {hat it had no
claim to the Rio Grande; that Mexican jurisdiction
had uniformly been exercised over the intermediate
territory; that a Mexican custom-house remained
there until the arrival of our army, &c. Hence,
as long as our army remained at Corpus Christi,
nobody objected to it;' but he proclaimed, in the
face of this House and the country, that the march-
ing our army to the Rio Grande was contrary to
the laws of this country, a usurpation on the rights
of this House, and an aggression on the rights of,
Mexico. Gentlemen were invited to make the most j
of this declaration. i
1;
His colleague asked where gentlemen would stop
theadvance of our army? Mr. T. would stop where
the constituted authorities should determine the ter-
minus; and in the meantime, the laws of the coun-
try required that the President should not mark it
by the sword. The principle contended for by
gentlemen here, and practised on by the President,
would authorize us to go to Santa Fe, and would
sanction the principle of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Adams] to take military posses-
sion of the whole of Oregon, and to treat about it
hereafter.
Mr. T. went into a general review and condem-
nation of the action of the Executive in connexion
with this matter, and of the inconsistency therewith
of the professions in his message of a sincere de-
sire for the maintenance of peace, &c., denying that
the failure of the Mexicans to pay their instalments
was any justification for the Executive. In case it
were acasus belli—the propriety as well as the policy
of considering which, under the circumstances, he
expressed doubt—he uiged that it was a matter ex-
clusively within the jurisdiction of Congress. If
the failure to pay honest debts was a just cause for
killing men, the infliction of the penalty might com-
mence at home among our non-paying States.
Because, gentlemen were unwilling to affirm a
proposition in the preamble of the bill, which was
hot necessary to be affirmed, which was not impor-
tant to the defencc of the army or the country, they
were declared to be unpatriotic., and deserving the
condemnation of the great mass of the people. But
lie was willing to take the responsibility of it; he
did not believe it was true, and he would not de-
clare it. lie would vote to send troops, and to
furnish all necessary supplies for the defence of ihc
country. Cut if this long list of grievances exist-
ed, what was the need of a preamble?—of the ex-
cuse that Mexico had begun it? Whether it be
true, depended oil nicc questions of international
law. No man could tell where the boundary was;
it might be fixed by treaty or by the sword. If by
the latter, it should rightfully be done by this
House. But the Piesidcnt, usurping the power of
the House, had assumed to do it, and this House
were to be compelled to support him, or to be de-
nounced as wanting patriotism. He did not believe
the allegation of the preamble; he would not vote
for it; he. took the responsibility; and if his repu-
tation was not sufficient to maintain itself against
those who c.hose to attack it on this ground, it was
not worth defence.
With reference to the other gentlemen who voted
against it, lie had nothing to say; but, the declara-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts, (under-
stood to bo Mr. Hudson,) that the soil between
the Rio Grande and the Nueces would be polluted
by displacing Mexican jurisdiction with southern
institutions, showed him prepared for a repetition
of the acts of the Essex junto. It was unpatriotic,
and unsustaincd by fact.
Mr. T. concluded, by saying that the Whigs
were as ready as any gentlemen to vote all neces-
sary supplies, and take all necessary measures to
defend the country and repel invasion.
Mr. CHIPMAN said he had desired at a
previous day to obtain the floor to reply to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delano,] and other
gentlemen who had professed to be patriots and
lovers of the country, but who had heaped upon
the Executive of the country tirades of abuse and
aspersion for his conduct in repelling the inva-
deis of our soil and the enemies of our country.
He should now be able to do so a little more coolly,
perhaps, than if he had succeedcd in obtaining the
ear of the Chairman at that time.
He was satisfied (he proceeded to say) that Fed-
eralism is ever true to its instincts; he was satisfied
now, if he never was before, of the truth of the
proposition formerly laid down by him, which
had been so much misrepresented, and on which
so many falsehoods, calumnies, and aspersions had
been uttered and sent forth from this Hall—that it
rose by the force, not of knowledge, (which is
true,) but by the force of that education which
teaches man to satisfy himself with the empty pro-
fession of patriotism on his lips, without the first
ray of it in his heart; that men were trained to be
Federalists and opposers of Democracy. Show
him the man who loudly professed patriotism,
while at the same time he stood and proclaimed to
the enemies of the country that the Executive, the
Commander-in-Chief of the military and naval
forces of the country, is an aggressor, and he would
show you a man as much a traitor at heart as that
man who commits an overt act of treason. That
was a patriotism which found its origin in the
Hartford Convention; it was not that genuine love
of country which consists in what the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] charged on the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,] as being
" low demagoguism." Yes, in the estimate of
that gentleman, every gentleman was a " low dem-
agogue" who appeals to the patriotism of the coun-
try in the hour of peril, and insists upon maintain-
ing the rights, dignity, and honor of the country,
and abates not his ardor in this cause because, for-
sooth, it is at war with the aspirations of the outs,
who can only ride into power again by riding out
the Executive of the country. The education (not
knowledge) which he proclaimed made Whigs
I was prejudice and bigotry touching the rights and
the institutions of the country, and that he pro-
tested against. And when any gentleman charged
him with declaring that knowledge is at war with
Democracy, he utters as gross a calumny as ever
came from the ruler of the regions below. Democ-
racy was not liased on ignoratiec; but in knowledge,
in truth, in the love of equal privileges and rights,
in the love of country, of its honor and integrity,
which is diametrically opposed to ancient Federal-
ism, and to modern-Federalism dressed in the gar b
of modern Whigery, which was a libel and a dis-
grace upon the country.
It was objected that the Executive was an ag-
gressor and usurper upon Mexican soil and Mex-
ican rights when he sent the army of the United
States into the territory between the Nueces and
the Ilio del Norte; and the gentleman who had
just taken his seat [Mr.Toombs] was bursting with
that kind of patriotism that prompted him when
the country, its rights and honor, were at stake,
to hazard all for the temporary political object of
riding down the Executive. The gentleman should
remember that the Executive was placed on a pin-
nacle to which he could never aspire.
Admitting, for the sake of aigument—a thing
which he wholly denied in fact—that the country
between the Nueces and the Rio del Norte—as
some gentlemen contended—was debatable terri-
tory, still he suhmitted, with reference to the pro-
tection of our frontier, of our Mexican border, that
it was the duty of the Executive to send our army
to the farthest point necessary to the protection of
our own rights, to the maintenance of the invio-
lability of American soil, consistent with the un-
disputed rights of the Mexican Government. The
American army having preoccupied this which
was claimed to be disputable soil, would it not be
as gross an outrage upon American rights for the
Mexicans to attempt to expel them by force as it
would be if there was no question about boundaiy ?
He submitted this question to intelligent men, and
the Administration on this were content to abide
the decision of the country.
Mr. C. scouted the idea that we should wait
until we ascertained whether the Mexican " Gov-
ernment" had declared war before we were to rec-
ognise its existence. He spoke of the impossibil-
ity of ascertaining what the Mexican Government
was. It was a military despotism, changing its
dictatorship annually: to-day, a constitutional Con-
gress convened; to-morrow, a military usurper dis-
solving that Congress, and declaring laws and con-
stitution to the Mexican people! But she was a
"sister Republic!" Ah! a "sister Republic!"
Mexico a Republic! It was a gross, unprinci-
pled despotism. A " sister Republic!" And yet
worse than barbarian; regardless of the rights of
other nations, waging a banditti war upon all who
love and maintain free institutions. A " Repub-
lic," forsooth! It seemed to have possessed itself
of considerable sympathy on this floor; but whether
it was on its own account, or for making political
capital, by putting down the Executive, was ano-
ther question. The opposition would meet with a
signal failure when they sought to put down the
Executive by such means. The gentleman from
Massachusetts charged them with being " low
demagogues." All of them were thus to be de-
nounced who advocated boldly, fearlessly, equal
privileges in this country, and who were opposed
to the dunghill aristocracy which seeks to bolstcr
itself up and support itself on the toil of the honest,
industrious, laboring millions.
He alluded to the remarks of Mr. Delano to
whose charges upon the Executive he had listened
with what forbearance he could; and Mr. C. re-
