888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
peated here, in his place, that the gentleman did j
say that this was a war " against Omnipotence, j
He was sure of this, for he had listened to the
gentleman with a "view to reply to him. The gen-
tleman's party, who now made so great n hue-and-
cry against the Administration for defending" the
country, and protecting American soil, was icady
to barter if away like dross for political purposes.
For the purpose of getting the vote of part of the
Union, whose hostility they feared, they had lately
brought into power a man whom they knew to be
hostile to the principles of their party; and when
he would not turn round and contradict his whole
past history, and submit to a dictatorship, they de-
nounced him in most unsparing terms.
But was this disputed territory ? He would not
recapitulate the facts and arguments already ad-
duced, but would refer to two, either of which he
considered conclusive. When Santa Anna, the _
head of this " sister Republic—this beautiful, this
patriotic head—this lover of equal rights—this gen- '
tleman, whom we found m juxtaposition with cer-
tain oihei gentlemen who sought to prostiate this
Administration—when this lover office institutions
in Mexico was the prisoner of the Texan army, he
was released on condition that he and bis ;it my
should retire beyond the Rio Grande, " the iveslem
boundary of Texas.Gentlemen easily found pre-
text for abusing the Administration. A man might
love his country so bad as to be willing to cut the
throats of one-half of the American citizens. It
was strange to what excesses patriotism would run.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mi. Giddintgs,] the ad-
vocate of negro philism—he did not say he would
like to see the slaves cut the throats of their mas-
ters, but, if he miiiht judge from his talk, he would
not get out of bed to save a host of them. He
thought he would sleep soundly, although the
slaves murdered the whole white population of the
South. This was the patriotism of that, gentleman.
And this was but one phase oi ancient Federalism,
of which there were many.
Again: In 1844, General Woll, who was at the j
head of the army of Mexico and of that military
despotism, issued a proclamation (from which Mr,
T. lead) to all cast of the Rio Grande, whether
Texans or Mexicans, th£& all persons!, wherever
found on the east bank of the river, should be
treated as traitors to the Republic of Mexico.
And here President Polk, without consulting the
wisdom of ('undress—especially as Congress was
not in session—bad the audacity to become the
" aggressor" and " usurpd," by sending an aimy
to the Rio Grande to deftnd that country which
had thus been declared by the head of the Mexi-
can despotism to be without their territory. What
a "usurper!'3 What an outrage on Mexican
rights! Was it nothing that Mexico shall send
out banditti across the R;o Grande and murder and
commit midnight arson ? And were wc to take no
notice of it, and to adopt no measures for the de-
fence of our people and of our territory? Oh!
what an outrage ! How Ameiiean history would
blacken at such an outrage on the part of the Ex-
ecutive, in rcpel^ng the invasion of our soil, and
avenging the murder of American citizens! The
constituency of the gentleman from Georgia might
approve the patriotism which should arraign the
Executive for this; they might admire that kind
of patriotism which plays around the head, but
never touches the heart—which was as wordy as
negro-phihsm, which consists of wprds without
action; but he thought it would meet the condem-
nation of the entire people.
He alluded to the position of Mr. Delano, that,
on this question, justice and honor were in conflict,
and commented upon what he considered its ab-
surdity. Talk about the injustice of prosecuting
a war against Mexico! lie spoke of the long
series of outrages and aggressions committed by
her upon our citizens, which would imperatively
have called for redress long since, had it not been
for her'situation as a weak, distracted nation. In
the name of Heaven, of justicc, and humanity,
were we to be told that justice forbade our prose-
cuting a war against such a nation ! Such a dec-
laration should crimson the cheek of American
citizens. It was traitorous in heart. He looked
upon the man who advanced such a sentiment as
equally a traitor with the man wKt> committed an
overt act of treason against his country. How
long were unoffending American citizens to he
murdered-by the armies of a military despotism?
In former days, the declaration " I am a Roman
citizen," was an impenetrable shield to secure the
persons and property of the citizens; and in this
only, true Republic which earth had ever seen,
were we to be taught that it was a lie to say that
war had commenced, when some fifteen or twenty
American citizens had been murdered ? This Gov-
ernment would be derelict to its duty, would sub-
ject itself to the charge of cowardice, and want of
patriotism, if it did not march an American army
to the city of Mexico, and there dictate an honor-
able peace, and demand the execution of justice
upon these outlaws, these murderers, who claimed
the shield of their law when there was no law.
Before the war should be terminated, without full
and ample indemnity,he would exterminate every
bloodhound from the soil of Mexico.
The gentleman from Georgia spoke of the Exec-
utive as in a position which needed to be explain-
ed and defended by his friends. The Executive
was in no dilemma that called upon him or any
other gentleman on this floor to come to his rescue.
He was sustained, cordially, warmly sustained by
the unanimous voice, feeling, and patriotism of the
country, and w ould prosecute the war to a success-
ful teimination.
Mr. CItiDER addressed the committee during
his hour. He protested against and condemned
the manner in which the supplies had been voted
for the army, considering the preamble recognising
the existence of war, and declaring it to be the re-
sult of the act of Mexico, utterly needless, and
such as many who were in favor of voting supplies
could not subscribe to. He vindicated the right of
gentlemen to vote upon such a question, as well as
ail others, on their own individual responsibility to
their constituents. He dwelt upon what he con-
sidered the arbitrary injustice and tyranny of par-
ty, which had forced that bill through, when (he
said) there was no necessity for such haste, with-
out allowing the minority to explain their views at
all on the subject. He believed that war had been
made by the Executive, in usurpation of the plain
poweis of Congiess, and in a manner wholly un-
necessary. Notwithstanding this, he-and his con-
stituents were ready to prosecute it and bring it to
a successful, termination.
He arraigned the general course of the Admin-
istration in the conduct of our affairs with Mexico,
especially charging them with a lack of patience
and skill therein, and an indisposition to take ad-
vantage of the disposition for negotiation which
appeared on the part of the Mexican Government
tin oughoutthe correspondence. The Executive had
produced the war, and he might have produced
peace. He condemned the faduie to send a special j
Minister to settle the affair of Texas, as was in-
vited by the Mexican Government, as the Execu-
tive (he argued) would have done, had be been
sincerely desirous of peacc, and as would have in-
sured peace. He also expressed his disapproba-
tion of the course of menace and threat held out
against Mexico, (as if to compel her to negotia-
tion,) in the presence of our fleet at Vera •Cruz,
and (when that was withdrawn at her request) of
our army, first at Corpus Chnsti, and men ad-
vanced to Matamoras, with their guns pointed di-
rectly into that town. As an honest man, when
we had to do with an imbecile, distracted nation,
he would scoin all attempts to compel her to a
certain course by threat or intimidation; he would
scorn to take such advantage of a nation who was
crouching at our feet, (as it were,) and, in every
letter of the correspondence of her Minister, plead-
ing for peace, if it could be had on honorable terms.
With reference to previous boundaries of Texas,
he contended it was entirely immaterial, and that
they were all superseded by the terms of the reso-
lution of annexation, which, in express terms,
reserved to the Government the power of fixing
the boundary. It was to be fixed by negotiation;
and if the Executive had sent a special Minister,
if he had been patient, if he had pursued the spirit
of the resolutions of annexation, if he had not, in
the very face of these resolutions, assumed to fix
the boundary and plant the army there, he would
have had no occasion to make a requisition of
men or money to prosecute this war. It was an
Executive war, with whomsoever it was com-
menced, whether by Mr. Polk or Mr. Tyler. But
now, that we were in war, that war was to be
maintained, and would be maintained by himself
and his constituents.
Mr. TIBBATTS then withdrew his pending
amendment, intending to renew it hereafter.
Mr. T. then yielded the floor to a motion that the
committee rise; which being agreed to,
• The committee rose and reported. "
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing Executive communication:
Treasury Department, Jfaji 14,1846.-
$ir : I have the honor to transmit a copy of the custom-
ary orders issued from this department directing the re-
venae vessels to cruise at seaduring the winter' months, for
the purpose of seeking and conveying succor to"distressed
merchant vessels, with a fist oif vessel spoken, boarded,
and relieved from distress during the past winter, embracing
part of the month of Deeem&er and the months of Januaryr
February, and March.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient seivant, R. J. WALKER,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. J. W. Davis,
Sjaeaker of the House of Representatives,
TEXAN MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. HOPKINS said that, in consequence of the
delay in acting on a resolution from the Senate,
which had been pending a long time in this House,
the whole mail service in Texas was now in a state
of suspension. He would, therefore, move that ther
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
to which is committed the joint resolution provi-,
ding for temporary mail service in Texas, be dis-
charged from the consideration thereof..
The motion was agreed to, and
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
resolution.
It was read,.and is as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House .of Representatives
of the United States ofJlmericain, Congress assembled,
That the Postmaster General be, ana he is hereby,
authorized to continue the mail service now exist-
ing in Texas, under, the laws and authority of
Texas, or such pait thereof as in his judgment
the public interest may require, from the time tha£
Texas becomes a State in this Union until con-
tracts can be made and the mail service put in
operation on the ,post routes in Texas established
by Congress at its present session.
The resolution was read the third time, passed,
and returned to the Senate.
A motion was- made to adjourn. Negatived,
although 4 quorum did not vote.
Mr. McKAY asked that the amendments of the_
Senate to the Indian Appropriation Bill be taken
up for the purpose of reference to the Committee
of Ways and Mean?.
Mr. J. Q.. ADAMS objected to doing any busi-
ness until it was ascertained whether a quorum
were present, and moved that there be a call of
the House. Negatived.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Miry 19,1846.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial from
the surveyors and inspectors of the revenue at
Louisville, Cincinnati, St. Louis, Pittsburg, Nash-
ville, and Wheeling, and from merchants in each
of the several cities, asking the establishment of
ports of entry and the appointment of collectors
at those places; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from A. H.
Yarnall for a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented memorials from the
city and county of Philadelphia, asking the estab-
lishment of a national foundry within the State of
Pennsylvania; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Also, several memorials from citizens of Penn-
sylvania and from female inhabitants of Philadel-
phia, praying the abolishment of slavery from the
United States.
The motion to receive, in the latter case, fras,
without any formal action, laid on the table. -
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill supplemental to an act enti-
tled "An act providing for the prosecution of I lie
1 existing war between the United States and the
'Republic of Mexico, and for other purposes^"
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, made an adverse report on the
petition of Samuel Hartwell; 'which was ordered
to be printed. .
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee ;cin
