1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
Foreign Relations, made an adverse report in
■writing, asking to1 be .discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of the owners of the
privateer brig General Armstrong,
The bill to provide for the adjustment of all sus-
pended pre-emption-claims in the several States
and Territories,-was read a third time and passed.
The bill for the relief of Mrs. Pike, widow of
the late General Pike, was considered in commit-
tee Of the whole, and, after having been explained
and advocated by Mr. BENTON, was ordered to
be engrossed- for a third reading.
Mr. JARNAGIN moved to postpone all the
prior orders, with a view to take up .the bill for the
relief of George Maybee; which motion prevailed;
and after the bill was explained and advocated by
Mr. J., was ordered to be engrossed, and was sub- 1
sequently read a third time and passed.
Mr. LEWIS called up the bill from the House
making appropriations for the Post Office Depart-
ment for the year ending on the 30th June, 1847.
_ Mr. SPEIGHT said he should raise no objec-
tion to the passage of the bill, for it was necessary
that the appropriations should be passed, in order
that the operations of the post office might be car-
ried on; but he would feel much better satisfied if
some of the principles of the old post office law
were incorporated m the bill. He had hoped that
before this time the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads would have reported a bill, if not
for the repeal of the act of the last session, at least
so to modify it as to make it more acceptable to
that portion of the country in which he lived. He
regarded that act as one of the greatest abomina-
tion. It was literally laying a tax upon the people
for the purpose of defraying the expenses of a de-
partment which theretofore had paid its own ex-
penses. Senators might consider this mere idle
assertion, but he was prepared with proofs to show
that it was but the^ handmaid of another measure
for taxing the portion of the country in which he
lived for the benefit of other portions. It had here-
tofore been the policy of this Government to make
the Post Office Department defray its own ex-
penses, and under the operation of that policy he
believed there had never been any complaint. As
he had already said, it was not his intention to op-
pose the passage of this bill, but he was desirous
of reinstating the principles of the old law, partic-
ularly in reference to letter postage. The present
law was objectionable in many forms. All those
facilities heretofore afforded for travel within his
own State wer.e very nearly destroyed by it. He
had letters and authenticated documents, showing
that almost every stage line within the State of
Mississippi would b.e broken up. Where stages
could be kept running without mail engagements,
■of course the same objections did not exist; but
his portion of the country, a portion which con-
tributed more than any other to the support of the
department, derived the least advantage from it.
He concluded by asking the chairman of the Com-
mittee oh the Post Office and Post Roads whether
he intended to bring forward, during the present
session, any measure for the repeal or modification
of that law ?'
Mr. NILES said the committee had not yet
deemed it their duty to consider the subject of re-
pealing or essentially changing that act. The ob-
jects contemplated by the act, instead of bein^
relinquished, ought, he thought, to be continued'
in order that its benefits might be more fully tested.
.The Senatoi fiom Mississippi was not here when
that act was passed, and was probably not aware
of the views taken at that time in regard to it. He
was somewhat surprised, he confessed, at the
sweeping denunciations made by the honorable
Senator against an act which, in his opinion, was
more generally and universally beneficial to all
classes of citizens than any other. The honorable
Senator told them that it had not only acted inju-
riously and oppressively upon his constituents in
regard to the mail-service, but that it was going to
break up the stage lines. Perhaps the effect
would be, to occasion the forming of contracts at
a lower rate than had hitherto been done, and con-
sequently abridge, in" some measure, the accommo-
dation afforded for travel. _ But woijld the Senator
say that there Avas not a direct and positive benefit
accruing to the Government by the reduction of
the expenses of the Department? The new law
had only been m operation during three quarters
of the year, and the number of letters had rapidly
increased. He believed that there would be no
deficiency in the revenue after the system had gone
fully into operation.
Mr. SEVIER suggested that this discussion did
not properly enter into the consideration of the pres-
ent bill, which was merely to carry out the exist-
ing law.
Mr. CALHOUN asked of the chairman of the
committee what was the amount of the falling-off
in the postages for the last year ?
Mr. NILES said the returns only included the
operation of the bill for six months, and the falling
off had been from 40 to 45 per cent..
Mr. SEVIER read a portion of the report of the
Postmaster General as to the receipts and expend-
itures.
Mr. SPEIGHT wished it to be understood that
he was not opposing the passage of the bill. He
knew it was necessary that it should be passed.
But he saw in it an appropriation of a niillion for
the compensation of postmasters, and he wished
some information on the subject of the extraordi-
nary opinion given by the Attorney General, and
whether it had been, and was intended to be, acted
on. He desired to know if the law giving com-
pensation to the postmasters in the former mode
had been repealed.
Mr. NILES explained that the postmasters paid
their own salaries out of their commissions, so that
the money never came into the public treasury at
all. Under the new law the duties had been very
greatly increased, while the amount of commissions
had seriously diminished. The law had taken away
the perquisites of these officers; and unless there
was some other mode of compensation provided,
the department could not be sustained.
. Mr. SPEIGHT asked if he was to understand
that, by the existing law, the postmasters were au-
thorized to retain in their hands their commissions,
without paying them over, while, at the same time,
we are asked for a million of dollars to compensate
them ?
Mr. NILES said the appropriation was to cover
the deficiency caused by this retention of their com-
missions.
Mr. CALHOUN expressed a wish that the bill
should be passed over for the present. It was very
important that further information should be ob-
tained as to the manner in which the new system
was working, and he hoped there would be no ob-
jection to a little delay.
After a_fcw words from Mr. Simmons, the bill
was then informally passed over.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
And, on motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, the Senate
proceeded to the special order, being the bill to
make indemnity to claimants for French spolia-
tions prior to 1801.
Mr. MOREHEAD was in favor of the bill, and
occupied the Senate till the hour of adjournment,
without concluding. His argument was a legal
and logical reasoning on the subject. He admitted,
after the provoking fulness of discussion and illus-
tration poured forth by the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Clayton,] that he could scarcely be expected
to present any newness of detail; and, with a view
to avoid the repetitions which he would scarcely
be able to avoid, if he kept the same track-, he ad-
dressed-himself chiefly to the grounds and facts by
which the Senator from New York [Mr. Dix] had
sustained his opposition to the bill. He went into
a historical statement of facts connected with the
claims appropriated for in that bill, so far as to
make his argument clear and comprehensible; and
reviewed all the transactions connected with the
treaties between the French Republic and the Uni-
ted States, and the events of the period when these
spoliations took place.
Soon after three o'clock, his argument being yet
unfinished, Mr. Morehead yielded the floor to a
motion for adjournment.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 19, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday (having been read in
part only) was approved.
Mr. McKAY moved that the. House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. McCLERNAND urgently requested Mr.
McKay to withdraw the motion. The gentleman
would recollect that there was a special order set
apart for to-morrow and the two following days,
for the consideration of bills relating to the Ter-
ritories. He (Mr. McC.) had a report relating to
a Territory, and unless he made it now it could
not "be printed in time.
Mr. McKAY declined to withdraw the motion.
An^the question thereon having been taken, and
decided in the affirmative,
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of-the Union, (Mr. Cobb, of
Georgia, in the chair.) " -
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The committee resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the support of the
army tor the year ending on the 30th June, 1847,
and the pending amendments.
Mr. TIBBATTS was entitled to the floor, but
yielded' at the request of
Mr. JAMES A. BLACK, who gave notice that
he would hereafter offer the following amendment:
Be it further enacted, That all laws now in force, so far
■as they allow double or additional rations to officers com-
manding a sepaiate post, station, district, or division of the
army, whatever, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Jiiid be it further enacted, That the fifteenth section of an
act entitled " An act to increase the present military estab-
lishment oftiie United States, and for other purposes," ap-
proved the 5th Juiy, 1838, he, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
Mr. BLACK having read the 15th section of the
act of 1838, proposed to be repealed, said: My ob-
ject in offering these two additional sections to the
bill is to equalize the pay of the officers of the reg-
ular army with those who are now coming into ser-
vice to" fight the battles of the country side by side
with them. Many of our most valuable citizens
are now coming into the field as officers, and many
of them doubtless at a great sacrifice of their pri-
vate interests. Justice and sound policy require that
there should be no distinction between officers of
the same grade as to pay.
The first section abolishes double, or additional
rations. This is an allowance made to officers
who may command a separate military post, dis-
trict, or division of the army. Of these there are
from thirty to fifty posts, as near as I can ascertain.
At this time, when our active army is in the field,
those gentlemen who arc left in command of dou-
ble-ration posts have decidedly the lightest duties
to perform, and there is surely no reason that they
should draw more pay than officers of the same
grade who have fought or may fight our battles in
the field.
The object of the second section is to-repeal the
longevity or service ration allowed by the law of
1838. By the law of 1838, an officer under the
grade of general is allowed one additional ration
for every five years he has been in-service, although
he may have passed through all the grades from a
second lieutenant up to colonel. By this law the
compensation to officers is so varied that it is im-
possible to increase the pay or allowances to our
volunteer officers so as to equalize them. To make
them equal you must repeal the double and service
rations now allowed in our regular army. If this
should reduce the pay of our officers too low, then
we can increase it, but increase all alike. If it
would make the pay of the regular officers too
low, the pay of our volunteer officers is now too
low. Allow me to state a case or two in point. I
do it in no unkindness to the gentlemen named,
who, I doubt not, are meritorious officers. I know
them not.
Colonel Walbach, of the 4th artillery, commands
Fortress Monroe, near Norfolk, Virginia. He now
receives, as colonel, six rations per day, as com-
manding officer, six rations per day; as service ra-
tions, he having been above forty-five years in
service, nine rations per day: making twenty-one
rations per day—which, at twenty cents per ration,
is $4 20 per day, or §1,533 per annum for rations
only. Now, if our ablest citizen should go into
the service as a colonel of volunteers, or in com-
mand of the rifle regiment now added to the army
of the United States, and were to go into the field,
braving climate and battle, he could only draw
while m the army, unless he commanded it, six
rations per day, which is $1 20—13 per day less
than Colonel W., and $1,095 per annum less.
Take another case:
Captain G. S. Drane, of the second artillery,
commands Fort Mifflin, near Philadelphia. As
captain he draws four rations per day, as com-
manding officer, four rations per day; and as ser-
vice rations, six rations per day: making fourteen
