1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
845
townships or sections, and whether the sales shall
take place now, or be postponed. It is a discre-
tionary power vested in him for, the protection of
the public interests. There is no law reserving
permanently the copper lands from sale.
Mr. BREESE. This power in the President
seems to me-to be very questionable.. I am much
inclined to doubt if he possesses it;. To-morrow,
I trust, we shall reach the bill, when the subject
■will properly come before the Senate.
The resolutions were then referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ortlered to be printed.
PILOT LAWS*
Mr. DIX presented joint resolutions "passed by
the Legislature of New York, in favor of the pas-
sage of a law conferring upon the States the power
to regulate the appointments of pilots within their
respective limits; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. D. also presented several remonstrances
from citizens of New York, against the renewal of
a patent heretofore granted to Jethro Wood, which
were laid upon the table.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the relief
of Isaiah Foy, of New Jersey; which was read,
and passed to the second reading, and the accom-
pany ing^report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. N. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Creed Taylor, of Arkansas;
which was read, and passed to the second reading,
and the accompanying report was ordered to be
printed.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the House bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy, reported the same with amendments.
[The amendments consist of inserting il forty
thousand" dollars for the repair of barracks for
cadets, in the place of fifteen thousand dollars; and
adding an additional section to the bill, to the effect
that the branches now taughtundcr the supervision
of the chaplain be hereafter confided to a separate
department, to be styled professor of "rhetonc and
history," to receive the same as is rcccivcd by the
assistant professor of ethics; and that hereafter no
assistant professor be allowed to said professor, and
that the chaplain be confined to the appropriate
duties of his office.]
■Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, asked,that said committee be
discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of A. H. Yarnall, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs; which was
agreed to.
Mr. J., also,from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief.of 'Nathaniel Stafford; which
was read, and passed to a second rending; and the
accompanying report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DA VIS, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the bill further to amend
uAn act supplementaryto an act to fix the value
of certain moneys of*account in computation at the
custom-houses, apj>rovcd.March 3d, 1845, report-
ed it back in an amendatory form, as follows:
AN ACT to establish the value of certain foreign corns and
moneys of account, and to amend existing law*.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
ike United States of Jlmcrica in Congress assembled. That
in all computations at the eustom-hou-e, the foreign coins
and money of account herein specified «hall bo estimated
as follows—to wit;
The specie rioIlarofSwedenandNorway, at.... $1 05
The specie dollai of Deninark, at  1 0,5
The thaler of Prussia and of the northern Btates
of Germany, at   
The florin of the Southern States of Germany, at
Tiie florin of the Austrian empire and city of
Augsburg, at    
The lira ot the Lombardo-Venetians kingdom,
a,nd the lira of Tuscany, at  
Thofraiic of France and of Belgium, ajuithelivrc
of Saidmia, at 
The ducat of Naples, at.   
The ounce of Sicily, at  2 40
The pound of thfc British Provinces of Nova
Scotia, New Brunswick, Newfoundland, and
Canada, at  4 00
And all laws inconsistent with this an are hereby re-
pealed.
In reporting the bill, Mr. D. said the subject
had been very carefully examined and pretty thor-
oughly investigated; that the committee had cor-
responded with the custom-house at-New York
69
40
18 6
80
and with the Superintendent of the Mint, and had
availed themselvesof such othersourcesofinforma-
tion as would enable them to say that the bill would
be found entirely correct. He moved that the bill be
considered at once, as it was important to have it
disposed of. If any Senator desired to >sk any
questions concerning the amendment, he stood
prepared to' answer them; if not, he should con-
tent himself with allowing the bill to pass without
further comment.
The amendment was concurred in, and the bill
was read a third time and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to revive and continue in
force the several acts heretofore passed for the re-
lief of insolvent debtors of the United States; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. A. also asked that said committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the reso-
lution directing said committee to inquire into the
expediency of providing" a suitable building for
holding the Federal Courts at the newly established
seat of government, in the State of Alabama; which
was agreed to.
Mr. TURNEY submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was agreed to:
Resolved) That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of lim-
iting military appointments to sixty years.
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report of the Secretary of
War, in relation to the practicability and utility of
a fort or forts on Ship Island, on the coast of Mis-
sissippi, was read; and,
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House had
passed the army appropriation bill; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was asked; also that the
Speaker of the House had signed the bill providing
for temporary mail service in Texas.]
The PRESIDENT signed the bill providing for
temporary mail service in Texas; and it was or-
dered to be sent to the President.
[A message was received from the President of
the United States, announcing that he had signed
and approved the bill to raise a regiment of mount-
ed rillemen, and to establish military posts on the
route to Oregon; also a joint resolution providing
for temporary mail service in Texas.]
The bill for the relief of Mrs. Pike, widow of
the late General Pike, was read a third time and
passed.
The act (from the House) making appropria-
tions for the support of the army of the United
States, for the year ending June 30, 1847, was
read a first and second time, and refened to the
Committee on Finance.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved that the Senate
should resume the consideration of the special
order of the day—the bill to provide for the settle-
ment of French spoliation claims; which motion
was agreed to.
Mr. MOREHEAD then rose and resumed his
remarks in fUvor of the bill, for about an hour, in
which he maintained that the United States, having
released France from the obligation to pay these
claimants, it became its duty to support the na-
tional dignity, honor, and good faith, by compen-
sating them out of its own tieasury.
Mr. COLQUITT then rose in opposition to the
bill. lie said that the eloquent arguments of the
Senators on the other side were all irrelevant to the
question, merely showing that, because France
had come to our assistance in the time of need we
were bound to pay these claimants. He repre-
sented these claimants us merchants who had de-
rived great benefits from the position occupied by
the United States, and who had, after reaping ail
the benefits of that neutral position, now come
forward to make these demands on the Govern-
ment. These men had pocketed the profits of that
period, and it was hardly fair to make attempts to
show that our Government had acted perfidiously,
for the purpose of increasing those profits. There
was no desire, no expectation on the part of
France, that we should be disturbed in our neutral-
ity; and all the documents which he had examined
bore him out m this declaration. The sympathies
of the country were, he admitted, more,in favor of
Great Britain than France; but there was nothing;
in her acts to justify any hostile movement ot
France grounded on that impression. He main-
tained that France never intended to pay these in-
demnities. These are the propositions he laid
down, and in support of them,' he made reference
to various documents, from which he.read extracts,
and came to the conclusion that these claims on
the United States Government must fall to the
ground.
If any part of these claims was due, he contend-
ed that the whole was due; and that there was as
much dishonesty in striking off three-fourths, and
paying five, instead of twenty millions, as in repu-
diating the whole.
Mr. CLAYTON rose to reply, but observing
that the hour was late, said he would defer his re-
marks till to-morrow; and then, on his motion,
The Senate went into Executive session,and af-
ter some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 20,1846.
The Journal of yesterday (having been read in
part only) was approved.
Mr. STEWART rose to submit amotion; and
Mr. ST. JOHN rose to ask the House to take
up, and refer to the Committee of Ways and
Means, the Indian Appropriation bill, which had
been returned from-the Senate with certain amend-
ments.
The SPEAKER. No motion can he entertained
until the Chair has made an explanation m relation
to the condition of the business of the House. The
state of confusion in which the House was at the
time of the adjournment yesterday, makes the ex-
planation necessary.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Haralson]
presented a resolution authorizing the publication
of certain public documents. The resolution made
an appropriation of money—a fact which, at the
time the resolution was read, the Chair did not dis-
cover. It was therefore out of order: and a hill
would be required to accomplish the object.
The gentleman fiom Virginia [Mr! Hunter]
had moved a suspension of the rules, to enable him
to submit a motion that certain days be specially
set apart for the consideration of bills relating to
the District of Columbia. That motion was pend-
ing. But the Chair would now state, that no mo-
tion would be m order, except by unanimous
consent; because a special order had been set apart
for this and the .two next succeeding days.
On motion of Mr. ST. JOHN, the bill making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department, which had been
returned from the Senate with certain amendments,
was taken up, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH, from the Committee
on Roads and Canals, on leave given, reported a
bill for surveying and constructing a military road
from Fort Howard, in the Territory of Wiscon-
sin, to Fort Wilkins, in the State of Michigan;
which bill was read twice, and committed.
Mr. STEWART moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in
order.
The SPEAKER announced the spccial order of
the day, being the consideration of bills relating to
the Territories,
Mr. DODGE rose and said that, by an under-
standing with the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, he rose to propose that the
special orders be postponed until the three first
legislative days in .Tune. It was important that
the appropriation bills should be acted upon; and
with this view it was that the motion to postpone
had been submitted.
The question was taken, and the special order
was postponed accordingly.
Mr. STEWART moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to introduce the following res-
olution: 5:5
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to report a bill increasing the
pay of volunteers from seven dollars to ten dollars
per month, and granting to those who serve to (he
end of the war, or die m the service, one hundred
and sixty acres of land.
