846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Mr. S. asked the yeas and nays on that motion.
On that demand no quorum voted.
Mr. STEWART moved a call of the House;
but withdrew that motion, and demanded tellers
on the yeas and nays, which were ordered.
And the count having been again taken, the
yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. A. D. SIMS moved that the motion to sus-
pend be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER ruled the motion out of order.
Mr. G. 8. HOUSTON suggested that the reso-
lution should be so amended as to assume the form
of a resolution of inquiry.
The question " Shall the rules be suspended ?"
was then taken, and decided in the negative, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Jobn Q. Adams, Ashmun, Bar-
rings, Bell, Blanchard, Bowhn, Milton Brown, William
G. Brown, Jobn H. Campbell, Cawoll, Cathcart, Jobn G.
Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Cocke, Coliamer,
Crozipr, Cullom, Darragh, Garrett Davis, Dixon, Edsall,
John H. Ewirte. Foot, Gentry, Giles, Graham, Grider, Grin-
nell, Harper, Milliard, £jias B. Holmes, Jobn W. Houston,
Samuel D. Hubbard. Washington Hunt, Joseph R. IngersotI,
Goorge W. Jones, Daniel P. Kins, Thomas Butler King,
Lewis', Maclay, McCIeOand, McHenry, Mcllvaine, Bark-
ley Martin, Miller, Morse, Motley, Parruh, Payne, Selte,
Julius Rockwell, John A Rockwell, Root, Runk, Sehenck,
Seaman, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Robert Smith,
Stephens, Stewart, Tmhodeaux, Thomasson, Benjamin
Thompson, Tibbaita, Tramho, Wentworth, and, White—
70.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bedinger,
Benton, James A. Black, Boyd, Bnnkerhoff, Brock-
enbrough, Btodbead, Burt, Clarke, Colling Cranston, Cun-
ningham, Daniel, Dargan, Jefferson Davi<, DeMott, Dob-
bin, Dockery, Dromsoole, Ellsworth, Erdman, Ficklin,
Fries?, Garvin, Grover, Hamlin, Isaac E. Holmes, George
S. Houston, Hungcrford, James B. Hunt, Hunter, Chailes
J. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson,
Pre^on King. Lawrence, Leake, Levin, Joseph J. Mc-
Dowell, James McDowell, McGaughey, McKay, Marth,
Morris, Moulton, Norris, Owen, Phelps, Price, Eeid, Rhett,
Ritter, Roberts, Sawyer, Seddon. Alexander D. Sims, Leon-
ard H Sims, Simpson, Stanton, Starkweather, Syk^s, Jus.
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tredway, Vance, Vinton,
"Williams, Wood, Woodwaid, Woodworth, and Yancey—
75.
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lution was not received.
Mr. T. B. KING, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill (accompanied by a report)
to provide for the construction of twelve more war
steamers, and one iron frigate.
The bill having been read twice by its"title,
Mr. KING moved that the report be read.
Objected to.
And then, on motion of Mr. KING, the bill
and report were referred to the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed, and the drawings to be lithographed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
theUnion, (Mr. Bowlin, of Missouri, in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of the bill ma-
king appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of Government, for the year ending the 30th
day of June, 1847, and for other purposes.
On thesuggestion of Mr. McKAY, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the bill was dispensed
with, and it was taken up by items.
The following item being under consideration,
For compensation of the clerk and meteorolo-
gist in the office of the Surgeon General, $2,000;" j
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved to amend it by j
striking out the words " and meteorologist," and !
reducing the sum appropriated from ^3,000 to ■
§1,000. j
And Mr. HUNGERFORD submitted, as a qucs- !
timi of order, to the Chair, whether the appropria '
tion must not, midn* tlu- 81st rule of the House, he
stricken nm, ir;j «n.iirli as it was an appropriation
for an objtvt not authorized by law. j
Mr. DROMGOOLE suggested that if the ap- J
propriation was improper, there was but one mode
of getting; it out, and that was to vote it out.
Air. HUNGHUFORD asked that the 81st rule
might he icad.
And it was road, as follows; !
" No appropi tation shall be reported in such
* general appropi iatmn hills, or be in order as an
* amendment thereto* lor any expenditure not pie- ,
* viously authorized by law, unless in continuation
* of appropriations for such public works and oh- ■
* jects as are already in progress, and for tin' con-
* ti agencies for carrying on the several departments
* of the Government."
Mr. McKAY said that this item made provision ,
'! for the salary of the clerk in the office of the Sur-
geon General, and an appropriation of $2,000 for
the salary of Doctor Espy (who was known to all
the members) for making meteorological observa-
tions. During the two last years, the Committee
of Ways and Means had declined to report the
appropriation for that salary, but the House had
inserted it. The Committee of Ways and Means,
therefore, had taken the action of the House at the
two last sessions as an instruction to put this ap-
propriation in the bill, and had done so. He al-
lowed that there was no express law to authorize
it; it was only under the sanction given to it by
former appropriations, made in the manner he had
indicated, that it had been inserted. Personally he
had no choice in the matter; the committee could
act as it pleased.
The CHAIRMAN now suggested to Mr. Hun-
gerford that he had submitted his motion in rather
! a singular form.
Whereupon Mr. HUNGERFORD waived the
point so far as concerned the question in the form
in which he had put it to the Chair, and confined
himself strictly to the motion to strike out.
Mr. J. Q,. ADAMS here put an inquiry to Mr.
McKay, which led to some conversation between
the two gentlemen.
Mr. McKAY stated that these observations had
formerly been made under the direction of the Sur-
geon General, by officers of the army. It was only
within the last four or live years that Mr. Espy
had been employed as clcrk.
Mr. ADAMS was understood to submit that the
occupation was a useful one, from which public
benefit had been derived. He was also understood
to submit, that the fact of former appropriations
having been made, was an authority for this. He
hoped the amendment would not prevail, and he
indicated an amendment, to read, " for continuing
meteorological observations, §2,000."
A brief conversation took place between Mr. C.
J. INGERSOLL and Mr. McKAY.
Mr. S. JONES said that, according to the 81st
rule, (which had been read,) no such appropriation
was in order in this bill. And it was wholly un-
important, whether the appropriation had hereto-
fore been made or not. There was no law au-
thorizing the employment of such a person, and
the rule declared that no appropriation should be
made except for objects authorized by law. They
could raise a storm here without the assistance of
Mr. Espy. They need not pay him for meteoro-
logical observations, or for raising a storm, which
they could raise themselves as wel! as he could.
[A %oice: "And make it ram, too."]
Mr. JONES. Yes, and make it ram, too.
Some conversation followed on a point of order
as to Mr. Adams's amendment, which, Mr. S.
Jones submitted was out of older.
Mr. STANTON said that the 81st rule had been
referred to, as showing that this appropriation was 11
out of order. But it would be seen that the rule ij
did not forbid an appropriation in a geneial appro- jj
priation bill, which was in continuation of appro- Jj
priations previously made for works or objects j|
already in progress. It was clear that these mete- ji
orological observations were already m progress, <;
and that appropriations had heretofore been made
for them. It was clearly proper, therefore, that ;'
the appropriation should be made. It mattered not •,
whether the appropriation was made in the form '
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means, ;;
or by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. j
Adams,] in either case it was propei,and (from
the importance of the object) he believed ii ought !
to be made.
Mr. HARALSON now called upon some mem- 1'
ber (more familiar with such matters than himself)
to state of what practical benefit these observations
have been, or probably would be to the country.
This question led to a very long scientific debate
in relation to the theory of storms, the Baconian
philosophy, and the utility or inutility of Mr. Es-
py's researches,&e.; which was participated m by
Messrs. STANTON, JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL, ;
SEABORN" JONES, GEORGE S.HOUSTON,
HUNGERFORD, JEFFERSON DAVIS, BED-
INGER, JACOB THOMPSON, HARALSON,
JOHN A. ROCKWELL, JOHN a. ADAMS,
RATH BUN, and ISAAC E. HOLMES.
Mr. McKAY explained, that these observations
were instituted at the time Mr. Calhoun was at the
head of the War Department. Four yeats ago,
for the first time, a provision had been introduced
in the appropriation bill for extending and render-
ing more complete the meteorological observations
at military posts, under the direction of the Sur-
geon General, $3,000. Of this sum, $2,000 had
been applied in the employment of Mr. Espy. Any
gentleman who had curiosity on the subject, would
find, on reference to the Blue Book, that that was
the amount paid to him.
Two years ago, when he (Mr. McKay) had be-
come a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, this estimate was submitted. A majority
of the committee determined not to put it in the
bill, because there was no authority of law. This
course was pursued at both sessions of the Congress.
But the House had determined otherwise. Provi-
sion had been made; and he had regarded this as
a clear expression of the opinion of the House
that these observations should be continued under
the direction of Mr. Espy. Of the value of his
services he (Mr. McK.) was no judge. Original-
ly he had been opposed to the appropriation. In-
dividually, he still was opposed to it. But as a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
he had merely acquiesced in its introduction into
the bill.
He did not think that anything would be gained
! by the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
' chusetts [Mr. Adams.] The committee had put
J the matter in the form which it properly assum-
' ed—that of a salary. If the gentleman's amend-
ment prevailed, it would be virtually the payment
of a salary, so that nothing would be gained by it.
If gentlemen were desirous of retaining the ser-
vices of Mr. Espy, they could vote against the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Hungerford,] and thus attain their object.
After some conversation on a point of order,
Mr. ADAMS withdrew his amendment, intend-
ing to renew it if that of Mr. Hungerford should
be agreed to.
The question on the amendment of Mr. HUN-
GERFORD was then taken, and no quorum hav-
ing voted,
The committee rose and reported the fact to the
House.
- A motion to adjourn Was made, but, the yeas
and nays having been ordered, was withdrawn.
Mr. McKAY' moved a call of the House, and
asked the yeas and nays, which were ordered, and
being taken, were, yeas 53, nays 85.
So a call of the House was refused.
But a quorum had voted.
So the Chairman resumed his seat in committee.
The question was then again taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. HUNGERFORD, and the vote stood
ayes 61, noes 65.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Cleik proceeded with the reading of the bill.
The following section %vas amended (on motion
of Mr. McKAY) by inserting the words "and
coins" after the word " ores:"
" For specimens of ores to be reserved at the
mint, $300."
On motion of Mr. McKAY, (rectifying a mis-
take,) the following item was stricken out:
" For additional compensation, at $800 each, to
the district judges of Missouri, Arkansas, Louisi-
ana, Mississippi and Alabama, under the provi-
sions of the first scction of the act of 17th June,
1844.'*
On the suggestion of Mr. BOYD, (who desired
; to offer certain amendments needing explanations,)
the bill was informally laid aside.
; Mr. McKAY attempted ineffectually to take up
the naval pension bill.
The committee then rose and reported progress.
Mr. KENNEDY, from the Committee on En-
; rolled Bills, reported correct the joint resolution to
■ pro\ide for the tempoiary mail service in Texas.
The resolution was signed by the Speaker.
The bill from the Senate for the relief of Amos
Kendall was read and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The bill from the Senate for the relief of John
Keith, of New York, was read and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
The bill from the Senate to repeal part of the act
making appropriations for the naval service for the
year endinsr 30th June, 1846, was read and refer-
red to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The bill from the Senate providing for the adjust-
ment of all suspended pre-emption land claims in
the several States and 1 erritones was read and re-
. ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims,
