848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Majr 21.
Mr. BENTON remarked, that when the motion
was submitted, ho (Mr. B.) might have something
to say upon the subject.
Mr. ALLEN gave notice that when the subject
came up, he would, as a test question, move that
it be made the special order for Monday next.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill to
amend the act approved .Tune 17, 1844, entitled
44 An act to provide for the adjustment of land
' claims within the States of Missouri, Arkansas,
4 and Louisiana, and m those parts of the States of
1 Mississippi and Alabama south of the thirty-first
4 decree of north latitude, and between the Missis-
' stppi and Peidulo rivers;" which motion was
U£;f<*ed to.
The bill was then considered as in committee
of the whole; and, after discussion and amend-
ment, it was reported back to the Senate, when its
further consideuuion was postponed until Monday
no\t.
An aet (from the House) making copies of pa-
pers certified by the Secretary of the Senate or
Clerk of the lloase of Itepresunhwes, le^al evi-
dence, was read a first and second time, ami refer-
led to the Committee on the Judicialy.
An act ( I'i om the House) to amend mid continue
in force die net to incorporate the inhabitants of
the eil v <>t* Wa^ti iiiutnn, was read a first and second
tune, and referred to the Committee oil the District
of f 'olunihia.
Mi. W IvSTCOTT presented a copy of the
amended organic, laws of the people of the territory
of Oregon, as adopted by them at n genera) meet-
iiu; on the last Saturday in July, 18-15; which was
ordered to be pi inted.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, the
report of the Secretary of War, in relation to Put-
nam'*? plou^hnm1 and dredi>np_ ; machine, was or-
deied to be printed.
FRRNCU SPOLFATION CLAIMS.
The Senate then resumed (he eon^ideintion of
the special older of the day—the bill providing for j
the settlement of French spoliation chums, when I
Mr. WKSTCOTT laid on the table an amend-
ment, which he proposed to submit, at the proper j
time, in the form of an additional section, which j
provides for the payment of these claims in public, j
land-?. Mr. "VV. moved the printing of the amend* j
III' ut. 1
im motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the punting of
the oiher amendment w as ui< huh d in t la* motion. 1
Mi. J. M. (,'L.YYTON address* d the Si nate at
hivi'ih in reply to the objections which had been '
nr-red n«a nst the bill; and, lui\in^ concluded his
remaik-f, he ino\ed—f. i tlie pnr|-o:<c of <;ivin^ an
opi-.oi (unity to other Senators wlio nii^ht. he dis-
■ hi!!—that it be passed by in- 1
future day.
aid thai he did not doubt (hut
■d to d 1 •?< lie
foi in.illy until mhih
. Mr NPhHUlT >•. <
the minds of ail ihe S-
latioi! to the Mihj.-, { h<
no oilu r :r< nth men <h
then on, he would, ax
the bill be laid upon lb
he asked the yeas and
Mr. r.KlUilKN
•ualor-. were made up m n.-
I< r< them ; and if there \ver«
•-irou-4 t«> eiio ihen* "\iews
a test qui si ion, move that
i- table, upon which motion
navs.
si'd to the Senator from
M i .i i« ->ip))i, as this v. as a nu asure of <j;r< at ina ;ni-
tude, whether, while the Senate was so thin, it
would be proper to take the <{Ui stiun on his mo-
tion. It nnuhi be nunc agreeable to usa^e to irivo
notice of his intention to test the s< ol ihe S< n-
atc by thi^ motion to-morrow . or a! any other time,
so that Senators mwiit be m then seats.
Mr. SPEIGHT lrplud thai it was no fault of ,
his if Senators chose to absent themselves.
The qu< si ion being taken, resulted yeas 3 J, nays
^>1, a^ follows: 1 I
YE \v~* AUeji, Arlvrton. liree-p, Calhoun. Clial-
jri'-i-. 1 iirkm-on, l>i\, Jcmjio-, .Yh Duihe, and
II.
A VH - Mi1--!-' A«h]cv. Bemeii, Tbomns Clayton, John ;
M ("'Invion, Conviti. <,ritU'n'icn, Daus, baviori, («n i n<-.
n.u uuod, J Iroi.-t-oi. lianUiielon. Job a on ol M'ir.\ In int. Mil- '
I.-I," IMorrhcad. ,Vj|es. iVrtn e, i,.M!ii\ha--K<-i. Simmon-.Stur- ■
j 'fou_, I'phani, \Veh-tor. WoodbridL'r, ami Yuiee—-M. j
So the bill was not laid on the table.
Mr. CLAYTON now expressed Jii« hope that '
the question would he taken on the pas^aire of the
bill. Tie presumed there would be no objection ;
on the part of the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr SPEfGTIT. ]\oneata]l. j
Mr. HAYWOOD moved to strike out the see- !
tion which makes assignees entitled to rceeive ■
only the amount paid by them in the purchase of
shares.
Mr. ALLEN said he had understood that the
matter was to be passed by for the present, in order
to allow an opportunity to them who desired to ad-
dress the Senate.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON then moved that the
question be now token on the amendments.
Mr, ALLEN objected. The Senate was not full,
and there might be members who desired to speak
before the question was taken.
Mr. CLAYTON said he had yesterday invited
gentlemen to speak before he would make his
closing speech. Besides, the Senator from Mis-
|j sissippi had just put a motion as a test question.
| It seemed only reasonable that the question should
I; now he taken. r
ji Mr. ALLEN said the vote just taken tested
:l nolhino- but the emptiness of the Senate, This was
j! no small matter on which they were to be called on
lj to vote. It might involve eventually twenty-five
|i millions of ihe public money.
;; Mr, SPEIGHT said he believed a decided ma-
, jority of the Senate, were in favor of passing this
: hill. Discussion, if continued for weeks, would
i produce no change. The question might ax well
j be taken now as at any time,
'i Mr. PEINNYIiACIvER said he had not voted
i on the motion to lay the bill on the table as a test
, question, if a majority wished a postponement of
!! the hill he had no objection.
|' Mr. It. .TOITNSOiSi said he. had not observed the
1, provision in the bill, which the Senator from North
s Carolina had moved to strike out. With thatpro-
, ' vision he was not now prepared to vote for the bill.
Nor could he vote on the amendment offered bv
j the Senator from Florida this morning-, and which
:• was ordered to be printed, without further cxanii-
!; nation. The Senate was thin. 1 Low is it possi-
! hie to know the opinions of absent Senators, lie
j did not Know that there was not a majority ngainsl
the bill. True, he did not believe that, there was.
I hit in what, condition would the claimants he
■ placed if the bill should be sent to the House of
' ivepicxentutives without being sanctioned by a full
| vote of the Senate ? And who''knows hut that there
j may be votes which will be ehanged? lie hoped
I the passage of the bill would not be pressed to-
day.
i Mr. IVJOREIIEAD. Let it bo passed by in-
formally.
Mr. CLAYTON still adhered to his positnn.
The qiushon should be taken now. If Senators
were iie;di;^ent, and absented themselves from their
scats, it was n«> reason the public business should
suller delay. A majority of the Senate had cvi-
1 dentiy made up their minds on ibis question; why
, any longer discuss p to empty benches?
i\lr, WEBSTEli expicssed his concurrence in
the surest ion.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said ho considered him-
sdf justified in the course he had taken by that
which had been adopted by the opponents of the
bill. IJut as the. Senator from Maryland wished
to postpone it, he had no objection. That Senator
represented a large number who arc interested in
the measure. lie (Mr. C.) represented none of
that i lass.
Mr. MeOTTFFIE unvested that, the hill should
be postpomd to Home fixed day; and Tuesday was
deLeiimia'd on.
So t he bill was passed by informally, with the
understanding that it should be taken up on Tues-
day IKXl, at UNO o'clock.
GRANT OF PUBLIC LANDS TO 1LT.TN0TS.
Mr. KREESE moved that the Senate take up
the hill granting alternate sections of land to the
State of Illinois for the completion of the Central
Railroad.
On a division, the Senate refused to take up the
bill; and th'„n,
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday , Muy 91, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mi. RATI1I3TJN said it was necessary to use in
a trial in the courts in Ohio copies of certain papers
belonging to the files or records of this House,
[believed to he in relation to the accounts of Mr.
McNulty, lute Clerk of the House, of Repreaenta- ii
tives,] and that there was no law authoring,the
Clerk or other officer of the House, or of Qtfftgtess,
to certify papers so as that they could be Ctsed asr
evidence in the courts of law. ' He therefore asked
leave to introduce a bill making copfes of papers,
certified by the Secretary'of the Senate or Clerk of
the House of Representatives, t^al •evidence.
The bill was received and read, and, at the in-
stance of "Mr. C1JLVER, was modified, read the
third time, and passed, and sent to the Senate for
concurrence.
CHARTER OF "WASHINGTON CITY.
On motion of Mr. PAYNE, submitted on leave,
the Committee of the Whole on the State of the
Union was discharged from the consideration of
the bill to amend and continue, m force the act to
incorporate tlie inhabitants of the city of "Wash-
ington.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and ITome of Representatives
of tfic United States of Amerieahi Congress assembled* That
every free white male citizen of the United States, exccpt
persona confined as paupers in the alms-hou&c, 1 unities,
idiot*, and others disqualified hy conviction in a court of
competent jurisdiction of felony or other infamous crime,
and who shall have attained the age of twenty-one years,
and shall have resided in the city of Washington one year
immediately preceding the clectioh, shall be entitled to vote
by ballot for Mayor, members of the Board of Aldermen, of
the Hoard of Common Council, of Resistor, Collector, and
Surveyor, and for evury other otiicer authorised to be chosen
at any popular election under the above recited act, all of
whom shall hereaftef be elected by the people qualified as
heroin provided.
Hko. 2. Jltul be it fttrlh.or entuted, That the Mayor, Board
of Aldennen, and Board of Common Council, of the city of
Wu liin£tun, may levy, and are hereby authorized to levy,
a poll-tax, not to exceed in amount one dollar per annum,
on eaeh white male eitizen who may reside in the city of
Washington, to be eoUoctod and applied a* other faxes.
St'C. he it further enacted, "That the act or nets
now m loree incorporating the city of Washington, in the
District of Columbia, and proscribing the duties ami rights
of the name, shall continue and bo in force with the exeep
turn of so much thereof as may be contrary to the provisions
of this aet.
And the question being on the ena-rossmcnt
thereof",
Mr. L. T-t. SOWS moved the previous question.
Mr. HUNTER aslcral him to withdraw the de-
mand, to enable him (Mr. H.) to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. SIMS declined.
And the question beinp; lalcen on the demand for
the previous question, there was not a second.
The question reeumng on the engrossment of
the hill, b
Mr. TIUNTER moved to amend it hy striking
out till after the ennctine; clmiso, and inserting, us
an amendment, the charter reported by the conven-
tion, (which is very long, and was published at
the time the convention was held.)
Mr. n . explained, that the amendment was a
measure, as he understood, reported by a conven-
tion of tlie people of this city, in winch all wne
represented, whether they paid taxes or not., with
the exception of a small quarter of the city which
failed to choosc representatives. And he asked
tliat the memorial of that convention might be read.
Mr. DE MOTT moved that the bill and amend-
ment be laid on the table.
Mr. BOYD asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. OE MOTT withdrew the motion.
Mr. SEA.MA.N renewed it.
Mr. GENTRY suggested a reference to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to lay the bill on the table, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Aslimun, Barringer, Blanchard,
Milton Brown, Hutfington, William W. Campbell, Cart oil,
John G. Chapman, Collamer, Culver, Cummins, Garrett
Davis, Delano, Dixon, Doekery, John II. Ewon<r, Edwin
H. liwin^. Fool, Crcniry, Graham, Criidei*. Grinnell, Harper,
Milliard, Eha* Ii. Holmes, John W. Houston, Hudson,
Washington Hunt, Hunter, Joseph K. Insrersoll, Daniel P.
King, Lcwss, JVleGaughoy, McTlenry, Mcllvaims Marsh,
Mo-oloy, Hato«fy, Julius "Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Hoot, Seaman, Severance, Simpson, Tinman Smith, Thi-
boih-aux, {jonjaniin Thompson, Vance, Vmton, White,
Wmihrop, and WoodmfF—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Andfrsnn, Atkinson,
Baylv, Bell, Benton, ftiggs, James A. Black, Bowlin, 0oyd,
Biinkerhoft', Brock^nhrou^h, Brodhead, Burt, Catlieart,
Reuben f-hapinan, Chase, Chipman, Clarice, Cobb, Cocke,
Collin, Crozier, Cullom, Cunningham, Daniel, Darearu I)e
Mott. Dillingham, Dobbin, Douglass, DiomgoQle, Dunlap,
Fidsall, Erdman, Fnran, Fioklin, Foster, Fries,Garvin,Giles,
Giovcr, Hamlin, Hampton, HaraNon, Harmanson- Henley,
Ho^c, Hopkins, George S. Houston, Hungerford, James ft.
Hunt, Charles J. fngersoll, Jenkins, James II. Johnson,
Joseph Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Ken-
nedy, Pi eston King, Leake, Lcjb, Lumpkin, MeOlelland.
