Boii
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
tie amicably and in a spirit of mutual convenience
all the questions* between them, and especially their
respective territorial claims on the nmihwest coast
of America. This mugnauimous proposition was
immediately met by the two Powers in a corre-
pjxmding spirit; and, the ukase being voluntarily
relinquished by the Emperor, a convention was
quickly signed by K ussui with each Power, settling-,
so far as Russia wa.^conccrncd, with each, ail their
territorial claims in jNortfnvest Ameri< a. The Em-
peror Alexander had proposed that it should be a
joint convention of the three Powers—a tripartite
convention—settling the claims of each and of all
at the Aime tunc; yiul if (his wise suggestion had
been followed, all the subsequent and all the pre -
#'iit diiliculties between the United States and (ireut
Britain, with respect to this territory, would have
been entirely avoided. But it was not followed:
an act of our own prevented it. After Great Brit-
ain had consented, the non-colonization principle—
the principle of non-colonization in America by any
European Power—was promulgated by our Gov-
ernment, and for that reason Great Britain chose
to treat separately with each Power, and so it wax
done.
Great Britain and the United State* treated sepa-
rately with Russia, and with each other; and each
fume to agreements with Russia, but to none
amona; themselves. The agreements with Russia
were contained in two conventions, signed neaily
at the same time, and neatly in the same words,
limiting the tenitorial claim of Russia to 51° 10%
confining her to the coast and islands, and leaving
the continent, out to the Rocky Mountains, to bo
divided between the United States and Great Brit-
ain, by an agreement beKveen themselves. The
Emperor finished up his own business, and quit
the concern. In fact, it would seem, from the
promptitude, modulation, and fairness with which
lie adjusted all (Inferences both witii the United
States and Great Britain, that his only object of
i^umt; the alarming ukase of was to brin;:
those Powers to a settlement; urtmi>- upon the
homely, but wise maxim, that short settlements
make long friends.
These are the circumstances out of which the
British and American conventions grew with Rus-
sia iu the years 1824-'25. They are public treaties,
open to all perusal, and eminently worthy of being1
read. I will read the third article of each-—the one
whir.h applies to boundaries—and which will eon- !
firm ell that Ihave^tid The article m the con- i
vention with the United Slates m in these words : j
"• Att-r.It nmrc.ivn < <i, that. her  rtlfrr, there ^h.ill 1
not lie toruu'd, by itie citi/.ciivot the ITntInt Si;ue>.,m tuxl.-r '
t.n* < uthorrt> oi'ilic ,« tut Snif.-s, miv lit ujkhi iIh- '
wortliwot c>ast ot' Amene.-i, not in im\ of Hie 1/an n ;.<!■. 1- '
rcut, to the north of Jiffy four nml n.i,iufrs\>C |
110UI1 hititude ; nn<l that, f  tha>amc uinnmr. tlieje ^h«t)i be 1
none formed by Ruv utn suhjiwf <, or under (fit* iuiihoiily 01 •
Ku-wu, south of the s-ame 1." ' J
This is the article which governs ilic Ann rirau i
boundary with Russia, confined by its piccisi; ;
terms to I lie isl.mds anil coasts,um] having n<> man- I
ncr of relation to the continent. Tin: article in the 1
British cotivrnlion with ttussia, governing Ikt :
boundary, is ill the s.unc woids, so tar as the limit i
is concerned, and only more explicit with respect j
to the continent. I,ike our own, it is tile thiid ar- I
tide of the convention, and is in !hc■■■ e words: !
Art. It. The line of <teniarc;mon between i|H. i
non-- of the high contractu!;; patties, upmi the roust of the 1
continent, and tile iitmuLs of America, in the northwest, shell
he drawn m the nniimer tolloving: I'umnienein^ fmni the !
southernmost point of the island called- Pnuee r,f Wales j
island, which point lies in the parallel nt :,i> .|(l' north l.ih- !
tilde, and between Ittl^t an.I <lc«ree ot we.t Imautiuh; '
(memlian of Greenwich,) the f-.sitl line shall a-c oatH,, the )
north atony the chainlet called Poulaitd Canal, a. t,u a; jjie :
point ot' the c mhnenl, w lit n- it stilKe^ the TtSlll decree ol
noith latitude. From tlnv l-i^t-inotitionei! p not, to the point 1
of intersection of the 1-il-t dicree ol we-t loiejitudewill '
prove to he at the distance ot more than ten maiine !ea.oi s
from tiie ocean. The th.-nt between tile Urit;i.)i ...joij. !
and tfie line of coast which is to belong to Ku,sia, a. above :
ae*:at;oia.vl, ..oatl be formed by aline parallel to tiie wind-
ing of the cowt, and which shall never c.\eeul the rh-tanc.' i
of tea marine leagues therefiom And the line ol deinarea- 1
trm shall follow the summit of the mountain-. situated pin- !
aitcl to the cousl as tar as the point of intersection of the 1
1 tl-t dei/roe of w.-st toiiguuib-, (ot the ramie meridian :) and, ;
(malty, from the said point ot intersection, the said meridian !
line ot the 141st degree, in its prolongation a. lar as the Fro- I
zoo Ocean, shall form the limit bi-tweeri the Ru-siau and :
Bnush possessions on the contiuei.t of Aijieneato the north- j
These are the proofs, these the conventions which i
established limits on the northwest coast of Amer-
ica between the United States and Russia m 1824,
ana between Great Britain and Russia in X825.
They arc identical in object and nearly in terms;
they grow out of the same difficulties and terminate
in the same way. By each the Russian claim is
confined to the coast and the islands; by each the
same limit is given both to the United States and
Great Britain; and that limit was fixed at the south
end of an island, to the latitude of which (sup-
posed to be in 55°, but found to be in 54° 40') the
Emperor Paul had granted the privileges of trade
to the Russian American Pur Company. It was
a limit wholly in the water, not at all on the land.
The American line never touches land, the British
only reaches it by jroiiig north through Portland
Canal to 56°, ana thence to pursue the coast at
ten leagues from it northwardly to 61°, and thence
due north to the Frozen Ocean: leaving to the Rus-
sians only the projecting part of thecontinentwhich
approaches Asia, and narrows the ocean into the
strait which Bclirinjj found, and which bears his
name. This is the Russian line on the continent
with Great Britain; the United States have no con-
tinental line either with Russia or Great Britain.
I have shown you the limits established with
Russia in 1804; I have produced the treaties which
established thoni; and here also is a map which
illustrates them, and shows everything precisely
as [ have read it from the treaties, it is n map
of Mr. Greenhow, a clerk in the Department of
State, who, so long as he confines himself to the
business of copying maps and voyages, does
very well; but when he goes to issuing opinions
upon national subjects, anil setting the world
right about the execution or non-execution of a
great treaty, as that the line of forty-nine was
never established tinder the treaty of Utrecht—
when he goes at this work, the Lord deliver us
from the humbug ! But here is the map, with the
lines all right upon it, drawn in the water and along
the coast according to the treaties. First, a few
dots in the water nt the end of Prince of Wales
Island, in latitude 5-10 40'; then a dotted lino up
north, tlnoiigh the middle of Portland Canal, to
latitude 5(J; then nortvvestwnrdly along the coast,
and ten leagues from it, to tU°; and then north to
the Frozen Ocean. No line at all along 54° 40' to
the Rocky Mountains; and that is right, for the
treaties never put one there.
And here is another map which illustrates error,
and shows you a line on paper where there is none
on earth, and of which the Senate has ordered ten
thousand extra copies to be printed for the instruc-
tion of the people. Here it goes, running stiatght
tbroiieli finiii the sea to the mountains, fining for
nothing in its course—cutting lakes in two, dividing
neighboring posts Ironi each other,and reckless of
everything except to follow lifly-four forty. That
it puiMie.s with iiiidevmtiiig fidelity; antl the en-
graver has marked it strong on the map, that no
one may overlook it. in all this there is but one
fault, and that is, lhat there is no such thing—no
such line upon earth! never was, and never can
be, by nny principle recognised at the time that the
Russian convention of lSx!4 was made.
Well, there is no such line; and that would
seem to be enough to quiet the excitement which
has been got up about.it. But there is more to
conic. 1 set out with saying, that although this
fifty-four forty was never established as a northern
boundary for the United States, yet it was pro-
posed to be established as a northern boundary,
not for us, but for Great Britain—and that pro-
posal was made to Great Britain by ourselves,
fins most sound like a strange statement in the
ears of the*' fifty-four-forties, but it is rio more
strange than true; antl after stating the facts, I
menu to prove them. The plan of the United
States nt that time was this: That each of the
tinco Powers (Great Britain, Russia, and the Uni-
ted States) having claims on the northwest coast
of America should divide the country between
them, each taking a third. In this plan of par-
tition, each was to receive a share of the continent
from the sea to the Rocky Mountains, Russia
taking the not them slice, the United States the
southern, and Great Britain the centre, with fifty-
four forty for her northern boundary, and forty-
nine for her southern. The document from which
I now read will say fifty-one; but that was the fiist
offer—forly-mne was the real one, as I will here-
after show. I his was our plan. The moderation
of Russia defeated it. That Power had no settle-
ments on that part of the continent, and rejected
the continental share which we offered her. She
limited herself to the coasts and islands where she
had settlements, and left Great Britain and the
United States tojshare the continent between them-
selves, But before, this was known, we had pro-
posed to her fifty-four forty for 'the Russian south-
ern boundary, and to Great Britain the. same for
her northern boundary. I say fifty-four forty;
for, although the word in the proposition was
fifty-five, yet it was on the principle which gave
fifty-four forty—namely, running from the south
end of Prince of Wales' Island, supposed to be in
fifty-five, but found to have a point to it running
down to fifty-four forty. We proposed this to
Great Britain. She refused it, sayins: she would
establish her northern boundary with Russia, who
was on her north, and not with tb§ United States,
who was on her south. Thjs seemed reasonable;
and the United States then, and not until then, re-
linquished the business of pressing fifty-four forty
upon Great Britain for her northern boundary.
The proof' is in the Executive documents. Here
it is—a despatch from Mr. Rush, our Minister in
London, to Mr. Adams, Secretary of State, dated
December 19,1833:
"I at once unfolded to him (Mr. Canning) tlio proposals
of my Government, which were: 1. That, as regarded the
country lying between the Stony Mountains ami Ujo l'acitie
ocean, Great Britain, die United States, and Russia, slionLt
jointly enter into a convention, similar in its nature to the
third article of the convention of the SOth of October, 1818,
now existing between the two former Powers, by wliicli the
whole of that country westward of the Stony Mountain^
and all its waters, would i>c free and open to the citizens
aiut subjects of the three Foweis as long as the joint con-
vention romaincdm Ihree. Tbii*,my Government propo^erf.
should lio for the term of ton years. 9. That the United
States were willing to stipulate to make no settlements north
of the fifty-tiM degree or north latitude on that eoa.it, pro-
videil Great Britain stipulated to make none south of fifty-
one, or nortl) of fifty-five, and Russia to make none south of
fifty-five."
Here is the offer, itf the most explicit terms, in
1823, to make fifty-five, which was in fact fifty-
four forty, the northern boundary of Great Britain;
and here is her answer to that proposition. It is
the lievtpiirngraph in the same despatch from Mr.
Rush to Mr. Adams:
"Mr. Canning expressed no opinion on any of these
points; but his inquiries and remarks, under that witich
promises to cojifmetlie Briti.^i settlements between fifty-one
and fitty-tlve, were evidently of a nature to indicate strong
objections on ins side, though lie professed to speak only
IVom his first iinpiessions. It is more proper, I should say,
that his objections wore directed to our proposal of not let-
ting CSreal Britain so abovo fifty-five north with her settle-
ments, whiic we allowed Russia to come down to that line
with hers. Tn treating of this con.-r, he bad supposed that
threat Ilntain had her northern question with Russia, as tier
southern with the United States, ffe could see a motive
I'oi the United tftales desiring to stop the settlements <>f
Great Itiitnin soutliwaut; but lie had not before known of
their desrre to stop them northwaid, and, above all, over
limits conceded to Ilitssia. It was to tins etteet that liissug-
^oMioiiH went."
This was her answer, refusing to take, in 1833,
as a northern boundary coming south for quantity,
what is now prescribed to her, at the peril of war,
for a southern boundary, with nothing north!—for,
although the fact happens to be that Russia is not
there, bounding us on the north, yet that makes
no difference m the philosophy of our Ftfty-Four-
Forties, who believe it to be so; and, on that be-
lief, are ready to fight. Their notion is, that we
go jam up to 54° 40', and the Russians come jam
down to the same, leaving no place for the British
lion to put down a paw, although that paw should
be no bigger than the sole of the dove's foot which
sought a resting place from Noah's ark. This
must seem a little strange to British statesmen,
who do not grow so fast as to leave all kno\vledge
behind them. They remember that Mr. Monroe
and his Cabinet—the President and Cabinet who ac-
quired the Spanish title tinder which we now pro-
pose to squeeze them out of the continent—actu-
ally offered them six degrees of latitude in that
very place; and they will certainly want reasons
for this so much compression now, where we offer-
ed them so much expansion then. These reasons
cannot be given. There is no boundary at 54°
40'; and so far as we proposed to make it one, it
was for the British, and not for ourselves; and so
ends this redoubtable line, up to which all true
patriots were to march! and marching, fight 1 and
fighting, die 1 if need be! singing all the while,
with Horace—■
(C Dulce et decorum est jno jiatri& mori*"
Siccet and deccnt. it is, to die for one's country*
And this is the end of that great line! all gone—
vanished—evaporated into thin air—and the plS.ce
where it was, not to be found. Oh! mountain that
was delivered of a mouse, thy name shall henc*
