1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
853
forth be fifty-four forty! And thus, Mr, Presi-
dents I trust I have exploded one of the errors into
which the public mind has been led, and which it
is necessary to get rid of before we can find the
right place for our Oregon boundaries.
I proceed to another of the game family—the
dogma of the unity and indivisibility of the Oregon
title, and its resulting corollary o{ all or none.
It is assumed by the "friends of Oregon,'* to be
all one title, all the way from 42° up to 54° 40'—
no break in it; and, consequently, "all or none"
is the only logical solution which our claim to
it can receive. Well,- this may be brave and
patriotic, but is it wise and true ? And can we,
with clear consciences, and without regard to con-
sequences, pass a law upon that principle, and
send our agents there to execute it ? These are the
questions which present themselves to my mind;
•and in answering which I wish to keep before my
eyes the first half of the great maxim—ask iwthing
but ivhat is tighL I answer, then, that it is not true
that our title to what is called all Oregon is one,
but several; that it consists of parts, and is good
tor part, and bad for part; and that nothing just or
wise can be determined in relation to it without
separating these parts into their proper divisions,
■and giving to each division the separate considera-
tion and judgment which belongs to it. Thus the
title to the Columbia river and its valley was com-
plete before the claim toFrazer's river and its val-
ley began; arid the claim to the islands and coasts
rests upon a different state of facts, and a different
principle of national law, from that which applies
to the continent.
The title to the Columbia river and its valley
rests upon discovery and settlement, and was com-
plete before our acquisition of the Spanish title in
3819. I he claim to Frazcr's river and its val-
ley, and to the coasts and island** in front of it, be-
gan in 1619, and rests upon the discoveries of
Spanish navigators; and of these discoveries, the
islands and the continent have very different de-
grees of evidence to exhibit. 1 mention these dif-
ferences ol title as facts too well known to require
«loeuments to prove them ; and the bare statement
of which should be su/licient to explode the dogma
of the unity and indivisibility of the Oregon title.
It is not " all one titleIt is not good " for all or
flionf." It is not a unity. There arc breaks in
it; and these breaks arc sufficiently large to cover
large geographical divisions of the country, and re-
quire separate consideration and judgment. That
consideration will be given at the proper place;
at present I limit myself to the correction of the
error, so widely spread over the public mind, that
the Oregon title is all one title, from 42° to 54° 40'.
I come to the line of Utrecht, the existence of
which is denied upon this floor by Senators whose
fate it seems to be to assert the existence of a line
that is not, and to deny the existence of one that is.
A clerk in the Department of State has compiled a
volume of voyages and of treaties, and, under-
taking to set the world right, has denied that com-
missaries ever met under the treaty of Utrecht and
fixed boundaries between the British northern
and French Canadian possessions in North Amer-
ica. That denial has been produced and accredit-
ed on this floor by a Senator in his place, [Mr.
Cass ;] and this production of a blundering book,
with this Senatorial endorsement of its assertion,
lays me under the necessity of correcting a third
error which the " fifty-four forties" hug to their
bosom, and the correction of which becomes ne-
cessary for the vindication of history, the establish-
ment of apolitical right, and the protection of the
Senate from the suspicion of ignorance.
I affirm that the hne was established; that the
commissaries met and did their work; and that
%vhut {.hey did has been acquiesced in by all the
Powers interested from the year 1713 down to the
present time. This is my affirmation; and, in sup-
port of it, and without repeating anything satd
heretofore, I shall produce some new proofs, and
take some new positions, the first of which is, that
this line was enforced by us (without anything
else but the treaty of Utrecht to stand upon) for
fifteen years—from 1803 to 18J8—as the northern
boundary line of Louisiana, and submitted to as
such by the British Government; and Btitish
traders thereby kept out of our territories west of
the Mississippi, while our own treaties let them
into our territories on this side of the river. In a
word, I will show that this treaty of Utrecht saved
us fiom a calamity for fifteen years, in our new
territory of Louisiana, acquired from France, which
the treaty of peace of 1783, and Mr. Jay's treaty
of 1784, exposed us to in our old territories of the
United States, conquered for us by our fathers in
the war of the Revolution. This is my first posi-
tion, and this is the case which sustains it.
In the year 1803 the United States acquired
Louisiana, and with it became a party to all the
treaties which concerned the boundaries of that
province. The treaty of Utrecht was one of these,
and the parallel of forty-nine one of the lines es-
tablished by it, and governing its northern bound-
ary. We soon had occasion for the protection of
that boundary. Spanish connivance and weak-
ness had suffered British traders to invade the
whole northern flank of Louisiana, from the Lake
of the Woods to the head-waters of the Missouri
river; and on our acquisition of that province, we
found these traders in the actual possession of the
Indian trade throughout all that extensive region.
These traders were doing immense mischief among
our Indians on this side of the Mississippi, by
poisoning their minds and preparing them for war
against the United States. The treaty of peace
and Mr. Jay's treaty, under the delusive idea of
reciprocity, gave them this privilege of trade in
the old territories of the United States. Experience
of its evil effects had taught a lesson of wisdom;
and, while vainly striving to get rid of the treaty
stipulations which admitted these Indians on this
side of the Mississippi river, the treaty of Utrecht
was eagerly seized upon to expel them from the
other. Mr. Green how's compilation was not pub-
lished at that time, and Mr. Jefferson and his
Cabinet, proceeding accoiding to the lights of their
little farthing caudles, in the absence of that vast
luminary, just took tho line of forty-nme as the
northern boundary of Louisiana, and drove all the
British traders to the north of that line
These traders complained loudly, and appealed
to their Government; but the British Ministry,
just as much in the dark as Mr. Jefferson and his
Cabinet, refused to take official notice of the com-
plaint, only presented it unofficially to the United
States Ministers m London, and tusked as a favoi,
not as aright, the privilege of trading in Loun>-
iand south of 49°. Of cour.se this favor was not
granted; and thus British traders were excluded
from Louisiana by the treaty of Utrecht, while ad-
mitted into the old northwest territory of the
Union by virtue of our treaties with Great Britain.
The treaty of Utrecht did for us what our own
treaties did not. And this was the case from the
year 1803, the year of the acquisition of Louisiana,
until 1818, the year of concluding the convention
with Great Biitnin which adopted the line of
Utrecht as far as the Rocky Mountains. Then, for
the first time, the northern line of Louisiana was
agreed upon in a treaty between the United States
and Great Britain. That convention was an act
of supererogation, so far as it followed the line of
Utrecht—an act of deep injury so far as it stopped
it. The line of 49° was just as well established,
and just {is well respected and observed, from the
Lake of the Woods to the Ilocky Mountains, be-
fore that convention as after it. Nay, more; it
was the understood line beyond those mountains
to the sea, and would itself have settled the Oregon
question, and settled it wisely and beneficially if it
had only been permitted to remain unmutilated.
This is the case. Now for the proofs.
I read extracts from an unofficial communication
made by the British Ministers, in 1806, to Messrs.
Monroe and Pinckney, our Ministers at that time
in London, and by them communicated to our own
Government. It is the substancc of the complaints
of the Canada merchants against the Governor of
Louisiana for excluding them from that province,
and their application to the British Government to
be restored to it. The whole paper is in our State
papers of that period, and may there be read at
length by any one who desires it:
"Extra official communication with rc«aid to the Canarh/
trade." December 3L 1806.
"Aincmoiial has been presented to Lord Holland and
Lord Aukland, on the paitof the Canada merchant*, setting
forth a variety of injuries wbich they complain of having
sustained from the Government and scivunts of the United
Stales, and prajmg that their complaint* may be attended
to, and lcdro-s obtained for them in the discussions which
are at present pending between the American and British
Commissioner*.
"Thoinjuries brought forward in their memorial may be
reduced to the three following heads: 1. Their exclusion
from Louisiana,
(< By the third article of the treaty of 1794, it is agreed
that it shall at all limes be free to hta Majesty's subject's and
the citizens of the United States freely to pass by land or
inland navigation into the respective terntones and coun-
tries of the two parties on the continent of America, and to
navigate all the lakes and waters thereof, and freely to cairy
on tra.de-with each other."
"But, notwithstanding this express stipulation, wliieh
secures to his Majesty's subjects, without (imitation or res-
ervation, the right of commercial intercourse by land or in-
land navigauen with all the territories of tbe United States
on the continent-of America, the Governor of Louisiana has
thought proper to enclitic them from the com-rmrce oj th-at ex-
tensile province, unless they abjure their allegiance to his
Majesty, and take an oath of allegiance to the United States >
arid the same {rovernoT lias also taken it upon him to pro-
hibit the introduction of any goods ot merchandise which
are not the property of citizens of the United States."
"Tins arbitrary proceeding, besides being a direct viola-
tion of the treaty of 1794, is highly detrimental to the private
inteicst ofthe Canada merchants., for it excludes them from
a country where they have been canymg on trade success-
fully for many years without intcrittptfoii from the Spaniards,
having Utterlv pushed their commorciakposts even to the
banks of the Missouri, and augmented the sale of their
goods in Louisiana to the amount of about foity or fifty
thousand pounds annually."
Th is is the complaint—exclusion from Louisiana
by the United States Governor of that Province.
Wc took possession of Upper Louisiana in March,
1804; the complaint was made m London in 1806;
consequently, the exclusion was enforced very
soon after we took possession. The question now
is, upon what authority did the Governor act, in
making this exclusion, and to what line did he ex-
tend it? Doubtless by order of his own Govern-
ment^, but it is good to be certain; and in the case
of Mr. Grrecnhow's overshadowing authority,
harked as it is by the Senator from Michigan, it
becomes necessary to prove everything, even that
a Governor of Upper Louisiana had the authority
of his Government for the boundaries of his Prov-
ince. Fortunately, the first Governor of Upper
Louisiana was a man of letters as well as of the
sword, and employed his leisure hours in drawing
up a history of the country which he was sent to
govern. If was Major Amos Stoddard, who after-
wards lost his life at Fort Meigs during the late
war with Great Britain. In his useful work,
modestly termed "Sketches of Louisianahe thus
speaks of the northern boundary of his Prov-
ince:
"The commerce of Crozat, by the terms of the patent,
extended to the utmost limit of Louisiana in that quaiter;
which, by the treaty of Utrecht in 1713, was fixed at the
49th degree."
This is Major Stoddard's account of this north-
ern boundary, and of the line from which and by
which he excluded British traders from Louisiana,
lie did it by virtue of the line of Utrecht; and no
British Minister in that day did or would deny its
existence, or impugn its validity. Lords Holland
and Aukland, to whom tbe complaint ofthe Cana-
dian merchants was made, refused to present it
officially to our Ministers. They do not, in fact,
appear to have spoken a word on the subject, or
done anything more than present their memorial
to our Ministers. Certain U is, the complaint re-
mained without redress.
But the eftorts of the British fur traders did not
stop at this repulse. The next year the Earl of
Selkirk, head of the Hudson Bay Company, went
to London to renew the complaints of the fur
traders in a more formal manner, and to claim
their restoration to the privileges of trade within
the limits of Louisiana. That gentleman, as head
of the Hudson Bay Company—as founder of the
colony on Lake Wimpec—as the person most in-
juied by the exclusion of British traders from
Louisiana—ought to know something about his
own rights and wrongs; and in bringing these be-
fore the British Ministry for redress, ought to be
supposed to state his case as strongly as truth and
justice will allow. He does so; but not strongly
enough to deny the feet of the line of 49° under
the treaty of Utrecht. That line was doing him
all the mischief: the short remedy was to deny its
existence, if it could be denied. On the contrary
he admits tho fact of former existence, and only
argues against present existence, and present ap-
plicability . His argument is, first, that the treaty
ot Utrecht was not revived by the trcatv of Amiens
of 1801; and, therefore, that it was abrogated by
wan and, secondly, that, the long occupation ofthe
bt. Peter's river, and of the Missouri above the
Mandan villages, without objection from the Span-
lards, was an admission of their right to trade in
Louisiana, and should be conclusive upon the Uni-
S,.7tes' In a memorial to Lord Holland, in
1807, he presents these views at much length* and
sustains them by arguments of which these aie
specimens:
