854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
•• Cnder>taiHltnir that j on are at present engirt ii in *euhiiu
with the American Plenipotentiaries the bomui.u >es beru ecu
ili«- prowuee of Louisiana and the ttrili^h American domin-
ion-, 1 be# leave t«> fiim \onr attention fa miiiu' sui^c-lous.
* * " To the upper p.ut ol Kut.un iue- u pief
«rabie claim. About latitude -17, the Buti-h trader, ioim:.<r
in from the maintained ,i ti Ul.c \\ i!li
tii'"1 Mandan Indian^. Th''-t" tiadeis e>c the hist Kuiopeuns
\\ ho obtained am knowledge nt the Mtuiccv ot The Mi-tfomu
and thev had laid down the eoui-e ol that hut irom the
Mimdans up in the Koek\ Mountain*, with moat imnute-
7KVS, msm\ v.-art= befoie the journ<-\ of Lewi* ;uul
ClaiKo. 'the claim ot Cuat Bntnin to the Cppor Missouri
C0imtr\ is equally valid, and rots cm the same ground
her d,iun to .VvtoiKa Sound, and the eountrj west of the
JhKk\ Momit'iins on the I'acitie ocean. * * * There
are abundance of ipntrnds foi deming that theie use any
nuht-- in the American Govei mnent to found its claim on the
stipulations of tin1 tii ntv ot Ctreeht * * * The stipula-
tions of the treats' ol Utiechf, o.< to the limits of the Mud-am
Ka\ territoi!.'•>, do not hear ut all upon the question. The
limits' fi.vd by that treat\ were for Canada, not Loiu-iaun
* * * Allow nte on!\ brietlv to ob-erve that the iieat.v ot
Vtiecht, uotha\in<r heen icnewed at the peace of Amien*,
would not have been a\adahlc even to France, if>he had
rem,imed at peace w.uh us and in possession of Louisiana."
Thus argues the Earl of Selkirk, admitting iho
fact of boundaries fixed under the treaty of I'lredit,
and only arguing against the present existence and
applicability of these boundanes. Lord Holland
adopted none of these views; he presented the pa-
per, without comment, to the American Ministers,
who, in send in  • it home to their Government,
< livuaUorized it as an '* idle paper/" and took no
iui'lher notice of it. It was, m tact, an idle papei,
but not quite idle enough, in any .sense of the word,
to deny the woilc ot tlie commissaries unJer the
treaty of Utrecht.
Hut to go on with the proofs.
In the year 1805, being the second year after the
acquisition of Louisiana, President Jefferson sent
Ministers to Madrid, (Messrs. Monroe and Charles
Pmcknev,) to adjust the eastern and southwestern
boundailes with her; and, in doing so, the princi-
ples which had governed the settlement of the
northern boundary of the name province became a
proper illustration of their ideas. They quoted
these principles, and i;uve the line of Utrecht as
the example; and this to Don Pedro Ceiallos, one
of the most accomplished statesmen of Europe.
They say to him:
"It is believed that this principle has been admitted and
aeied on invariably since the discovery of Aiucricn, in re-
hpeet to their poHseasions there, by all the European 1'owors.
U is particularly illustrated by the stipulations of their most
important treaties eoncernmg those possession.^ and the
ptaeiiee under them, via : the treaty of Utrecht in 17K1, and
that of Pans in 1703. In conformity with the 10th article of
the hisl-inemioned fieaty, the boundary between Canada >
am! Louisiana on tlx one side, and the Hudson H;u and .
Northwestern Companies on the orhet, wa> establish."d by
eoinimssanes, by a hue to commence at n cape oi pioinon
tory on ihe oeean. in .V° ;U' nonh latitud"; to itm ihence,
southwtMwar.ll), to latitude *19" north from the equator; ;
and along that line indefinitely we-tuaid. Since thru lime,
no attempt has been mode to extend the limits ot Louisiana |
or Canada to the north of ihitt line, or ol those companies to !
the with of it, by purehase, compiest. or grants from the
Indians.'' j
This is what Messrs. Monroe and Chatles Pmck- !
ney said to Don Pedro Ovnllos—a Minister who !
must be supposed to be as well acquainted with |
the tieaticx wlu'eii settled the boundaries of the late i
 Spanish provmee of I/ouisiiina as we are with the :
treaties whieii settle the boundaries of the UniK-d i
States. The line of Utrecht,and m the very words ;
which carry if from the Lake of the Woods to the ;
Pacific oeean,and which confine the British to the
 orlh,and the French and Spanish to the south
of that line, are quoted to Mr. Oevallos as a foct
which he and all the world knew. He received it
as such; and thus Spanish authority comes m aid
of British, French, and American, to vindicate our
rights and the truth of history.
Mr. President, when a man is stru^bn'j, in a
just cause, he generally gets help, and often from
unforeseen and unexpected quarter^. Soit has hap-
pened with me in this affair of the Utrecht treaty.
A great many hands have hastened to bear evi-
dence of the truth in this case; and, at the head of
these opportune testimonies, I place the letter of a
gentleman who, besides his own great authority,
gives a reference to another, who, from his long
political position in our country, the powers of his
mind, and the habits of his life, happens to lie, of
all living men, the one who can shed most light
itpon the subject. I speak of Colonel Timothy
Pickering—the friend and companion of Washing-
ton—his Q/uartermaster-Gencral during the war of
the Revolution—his Postmaster General, Secretary
of War, and Secretary of State, during his Presi-
dency,—a member of this body at the time the
treaty was ratified which made us a party to the
ticaty of Utrecht—and always a man to consider
and to understand what he was about, hi fact,
Washington -wanted no other sort of men about
him. The writer of the letter, (Timothy Pitkin,
author of the work on Statistics,) on reading some
accouniof the talk here about the treaty of Utrecht,
and seeing what lack of information was. in the
American Senate, wrote a letter to a member of
this body [Mr. Webster] to give him his memo-
randa of that treaty son*© forty years ago. This
letter is an invaluable testimony of the events to
which it relates; it combines the testimony of two
j cminentmen: and I send it to the Secretary's table
j to be read. It is dated Utica, New York,'April 9,
! 1846:
! uf perceive, by flip debates in fhr Senate on the Oregon
question, that, in the decision of this important subject,'no
little stiess is laid by some of its members on the fine set-
ited between Fiance and Rutland, muler the treaty of
rtreehu m 171.'?, and that by others it is contended ihfti no
evidence actually exists that such a settlement was made
under that ttenty.
'• [ was somewhat stnprUed that On era I Ca«w should
have \ enttired, rn a jmWic s)M'erh, to have placed himself
amousr the hittei.ujion the statements of Mr. Greenhow, a
elerk m the Department of State. T have, tor a long time,
considered that tin* hue wns adjusted hv commissaries ap-
pointed under that trentv; and in rcadtmr the speeehes of
Messrs. C.c-< ami Ronton, ami ><>ui own questions
on il e suh|oe(, I thought proper to examine'my document*
: and memorandums for some proof ot'the opinion I had thus
| foimed Ou such examination. 1 lound the following ex-
j tract on thw subject, from Mr. Hutohiins's 'Historical Nar-
| rutin* aruf Topographical Description o! Louisiana and West
■ Florida,* printed at Philadelphia in 1784.
: 11 After stating the grunt to Crozat, ot Louisiana, flutch-
' ins who was then, I believe, geogiapher to the United
' Slates, piooecds to say : k As to Canada, or New France, the
< Fieneh Court would srarcelj admit il had anvother north-
! < em boundary than the pole The avidity of "Croat Britain
] 4 was «qual; but France, having been unfortunate in the
! 1 war ot 1710, tin. northern boundary of Canada was fixed
< by the treaty of Utrecht in I71H. It asMgns New Jkihiin
'an-l IlH.hon's on the noith of Cmpul-, to L'rcat Hnt-
liiin; and commissioners afterwards, on both sides, nicvr-
> tumed th( limits. In an imaginary line running from U cnjie
4 oi irrayMvtoiji in New Hiiiain. on the Atlantic ocean, m
k liftV degrees thnty minutes north latitude; then southwest
' to the Lake Misusing, or Mi<*ta««in ; Irom thence fhrther
4 southwest dbc f to the latitude of foi tj -nine degrees. All
' the (amis to the north ol the imaginary line bemg assigned
I to Crcat Britain, and all southward of Unit line, to as far as
4 the river St. 7/iwrence, to the Fieneb. These were, at
* that time,* he adds, 'the true limits of Louisiana and Oan-
! ada, Crozat's grant not subsisting long after the death of
' Louis XIV,'
"The above evlrnef h taken from it longeommtmieafion
made to Mr. Jefferson, by Colonel Piekeiing, on the l«th of
January . JsO-l, when the treaty of Mr. King, and of hotmd-
aric-i, was under consideration ; and of course after o\ir pur-
chase of Louisiana. I piCMime, theieloic, if is correct,
though relame to K'mgV treatv some diilcicncc of opinion
e\Mod between Jefferson find Pickering, f have be<*n un-
able, in this place, to have access to tins work m Ilulchm^;
it was, no doubt, well known to Mr. Jetfeison.
" I am not able to m foi in \ou whethei he answered, in
wntmg, the above communication of Colonel Pickering;
hut from his declarations made to me and others, on the 2Hd
of January, lie then hilly believed this line to have
been thus settled, in pursuance 'of tho tie.ity of Un edit.
At that time, conversing with me and others, at n dinner
partv,ou the (avonte.suhjeef ofLewis and Clarke^ expedition
to the Pa< ifit, he declared, (according to tnv memorandum
made at the time,) ' That bv the treaty of Ufreeht, in 1713,
' fietweeri the Kmzlish and French, the line between Louisi-
«ana and the Kn^lish country was fettled in lalitude 49°;
'and tlmf this was the reason whv, in oui trentv with the
II Knghsh, in J78.'l, our northern hfutndarj' was placed at the
' Lake of the Woods, which was in latitude 49V
"Not having seen lluteluns mentioned, or referred to m
this debate, I ha\e been induced to send you this extract
from linn, and also my above memorandum, to hring1 the
sumo to your nonce and recollection, (vatcatquantum valere
■potest )"
Thin !s the leltpr of Mr. Pitltin, wilh tlio extracts
frfim Mr. Pickering;. It is not the recollection of
an old man, hut the written down account of what
lie saw and knew forty years turn, and written
down at the time he saw it and knew it. It is full
anil complete to the point in question. The refer-
ence to Ilutclnns's Historical Narrative,and Topo-
graphical Description ofLouisiana, is correct. The
work is not in our library, but several friendshave
sent me copies of it from diffoient parts of the Uni-
ted SlutiM, and, on comparison, I find Mr. Picker-
im;s extract to be correct to a letter. The refer-
ence of Mr. Pitkin to what passed, in ins presence,
at Mr. .Teflerson's table, in 180f>, in relation to the
Lake of the Woods, rcealls a fact which ought to
lie tausjht in the schools, to the little girls, ir) their
tiny geographies, instead of being disputed by
bearded men in the American Senate. That lake,
for a hundred and thirty years, has heen a land-
mark among nations, for more than sixty years—
| from the date of our national existence—it has heen
; a prominent mark in our national boundaries. The
] treaty of Utrecht made it so; and be that does not
know this great historical incident may find it out
by tasting the intellectual cramb -which fell from
Mr. Jefferson's table in 1806, and which Mr. Pit-
kin has preserved for a feast this day in the Ameri-
can Senate. Mr. Jefferson's table was one at
which something else besides the body was fed, I
was never at it but once,, and then I sat there five
hours', not for the Burgundy, which was, in fact—
what a certain American Minister said of the King
of Portugal's dinner—" excellent," butforthe con-
versation, which was divine. And now I wili say
that I saw Mr. Pickering once, and aiider circum-
stances to remember him also. It was at the extra
session of Congress, in 1813—he a member of the
House of Representatives, I a looker-on from the
hot ami suffocating gallery, better paid for my suf-
ferance than those who. are listening to me now.
I saw nn aged man,'always in his seat,always at-
tentive, always respectful. The decorum of hia
conduct struck me; I inquired his name; it turned
out to be one who had been formed in the school
of "Washington, of whom I knew but little up to
that time but through the medium of party watch-
words, and of whom I then said, that, if events
should ever make me a member of Congress, I
should love to imitate the decorun-K
The lirre of Utrecht is termed,by Mr. Pickering,
tin "imaginary" line. That is correct. It was
never run, nor intended to he run, nor possible to
be run. The treaty required it to be " determined;"
and it was determined by astronomical points and
lines and by geographical features—the high lands
parting two systems of waters—those of Hudson's
Bay and those of the Canadian Lakes. And here
I will say that there were two sets of boundaries to
be established under this same treaty of Utrecht:
one on the north of Canada, which was done as
staled within the year limited; the other on the
south of Canada,between Acadia and the British
colonies on the Atlantic, for which no time was
limited, and which was never done. Confounding
these two sets of boundaries, one of which wan
determined and the other not, may have led some
minds into error—those minds which cannot apply
words to things.
Mr. Pitkin, in this letter, speaks of a long com-
munication made by Colonel Pickering 011 the 18th
of January, 1804, to Mr. Jefferson, when the trea-
ty of Mr. King was under consideration, and after
the purchase of Louisiana. Without doubt that
was the identical paper transmitted by Mr. Madi-
son to Mr. Monroe, with hi.s official despatch to
that Minister of February 14, 1804, as " a paper
' slating thr authority on which the (kcision of the
' aimmiwioners umUtr the trraly nf Utrecht rests, ami
' tlu1 ri'iaoning npjmed to the construction miking the
' 49III degree of latitude the northern boundary of Lou-
' hiana." 1 mentioned that paper once, before,
when it was pretty well cried down by the Sena-
tor from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] I mention it now
again, under better auspices, and with hopes of
better results. The author is found, and found
wlicro he ought to be, among those who feared the
e.flect of rejecting the fifth article of Mr. Rufus
King's treaty of 1803. That treaty settled our
whole northern boundary with Great Britain, from
Passamaqtioddy Bay to the Lake of the Woods,
and to the head of the Mississippi. The fifth ar-
ticle of it brought the line from the lake, by the
shortest course, to the Mississippi: it closed up the
long-standing controversy about the course of that
line. Now, it happened that the treaty for the
purchase of Louisiana was negotiated in Paris
about the same time that Mr. King's treaty was
negotiated in London, and without his knowledge.
The two treaties arrived in the United States to-
gether—went to the Senate together, with a strong
recommendation from Mr. Jefferson to reject the
fifth article of Mr. King's treaty, because the ac-
quisition of Louisiana gave us a new line from the
Lake of the Woods which would run clear north
of the head of the Mississippi, preventing the
British from getting to the river, and thereby ren-
dering nugatory the treaty stipulations of 1783 and
1794 which gave them a right to its navigation.
The maintenance of this new line, which was
not only to protect the Mississippi river, but all
Louisiana, from British ingression, was 'a primary
object of Mr. Jefferson; and for that purpose the
rejection of the fifth article of Mr. King's treaty
became indispensable. The New England Sena-
tors dreaded the loss of the whole treaty if the fifth
article was expunged: nine of them voted against
the striking out; and it was while this treaty was
