1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
under consideration in the Senate that Mr. Picker-
ing! one of the nine, communicated this paper to
Mr. Jefferson, not at all denying the 49th parallel
as the line of Utrecht, but arguing against the con-
struction which would now make that line the
northern boundary of Louisiana. The tenor of
his argument'is not given; possibly the Earl of
Selkirk fell upon some parts of it in his memorial
to Lord Holland, when he supposed it to fee abro-
gated by war-, and superseded by the connivance
of the Spaniards, in permitting the British to oc-
cupy the whole left flank of Louisiana, as low down
in places an 45°. Mr. Jefferson adhered to his new
line. "The fifth article was struck out. The whole
treaty was risked and lost, and it was forty years
afterwards, and we all know with what angry dis-
cussions, with what dangers of war, with what ex-
pense of money in calling out troops, this long
contested boundary was at last established. All
this was risked, all this was encountered to save
the line of Utrecht! Yet we now find that line de-
nied, and all the organs, great and small, blowing
with might and main to swell the loud notes of
denial, and to drown the voice which speaks up
for the truth.
Several copies of Hutching's geographical work
have been sent to me, all containing the words
transcribed by Mr. Pickering. Other works also
have been sent me. I have more material on hand
than I can use, and must limit myself to a brief
selection. Among these books sent me is one of
special authority—the geographical work of Thom-
as Jeffreys, Esq., Geographer to his Royal High-
ness the Prince of Wales, printed at the corner of
St. Martin's Lane, near Charing Gross, London,
A. D. 1753. This royal geographer, who would
hardly curtail the fair proportions of the dominions
to whose heir apparent (afterwards George III.) he
was addressing his work, thus speaks of the line
which parts the British Hudson Bay and the
French Canadian possessions:
" Reginninjr :it Davis's TulPt, on llm e:\st coast of Labia-
dor or New Britain, ill the latitude of aliottt 56 decrees, and
drawing it with a curve through the Lake Ahitibis, down to
the 49th decree of latitude; from tliencc to he continued to
the Northwest ocean, as it was settled by commissioners
under tile treaty of Utrecht."
Mr. Jeffreys adds to this description of the line of
Utrecht, remarks upon the same line as laid down
by D'Anville, the Itoyal French Geographer, points
out what he deems erroneous in it, and takes credit
to himself in making it more favorable to the
French than the French had made it to themselves.
The latitude of 49 to the Western Ocean is his limit
of the British possessions.
I have said that more material has been furnish-
ed to me than I can use. Among these I must
acknowledge the kindness of Mr. Edmund J. Fors-
tall, of New Orleans, a man of letters, and who
sends me a reference to Postlethwayt's Commer-
cial Dictionary, which, in fact, is the dictionary
of Savary, Inspector General of French Manu-
factures and Commerce in the time of Louis the
Fifteenth, and whose work \vas done into English,
with improvements, byMr. Malachy Postletliwayt,
whose name it bears with English readers. This
dictionary of Savary contains, in the body of the
work, the description of the Utrecht line as shown
on the maps, and thus gives authority for what
appears there.
Another contribution, which I have pleasure to
acknowledge, is from a gen tleman of Baltimore, for-
merly of the House of Representatives, (Mr. Ken-
nedy,) who gives me an extract from the Journal of
the British House of Commons, March 5th, 1714,
directing a writ to be issued for electing a burgess in
the place of Frederick Heme, Esq., who, since his
election, hath accepted, as the Journal say s, the office
of one of his Majesty's commissaries for treating
with commissaries on thepart of France for settling
the trade between Great Britain and France. The
same entry occurs at the same time with respect
to James Murray, Esq., and Sir Joseph Martyn.
The tenth article of the treaty of Utrecht applies to
.limits in North America, the eleventh and fifteenth
to commerce; and these commissaries were ap-
pointed under some or all of these articles. Others
might have been appointed by the King, and not
mentioned in the journals, as not being members
of Parliament whose vacated seats were to be filled.
All three of the articles of the treaty were equally
obligatory for the appointment of commissaries;
and here is proof that three were appointed under
the commercial articles.
One more piece of testimony, and I have done.
And, first, a little statement to introduce it. We
all know that in one of the debates which took
place in the British House of Commons on the
Ashburton treaty, and after that treaty was ratified
and past recall, mention was made of a certain map
called the King's map, which had belonged to the
late King, (George-III.,) and hung in his library
during his lifetime, and afterwards in the Foreign
Office, from which said office the said map silently
disappeared about the time of the Ashburton
treaty, and whieh certainly was not before our
Senate at the time of the ratification of that treaty.
Well, the member who mentioned it in Parliament
said there was a strong red line upon it, about the
tenth of an inch wide, running all along where the
Americans said the true boundary was, with these
words written along it in four places in King
George's handwriting: " This is Oswald's line;"
meaning, it is the line of the treaty of peace ne-
gotiated by Mr. Oswald on the British side,, and
therefore called Oswald's line.
Now, what I have to say is this: That when-
ever this royal map shall emerge from its retreat
and resume its place in the Foreign Office, on it
will be found another strong red line about the
tenth of an inch wide, in another place, with these
words written on it: Boundaries between the Brit-
ish and French possessions in America " as fixed
by the treaty of Utrecht." To complete this last and
crowning piece of testimony, I have to add that
the evidence of it is in the Department of State, as
is nearly the whole of the evidence which I have
used in crushing this pie-poudre insurrection—
" this puddle-lane rebellion"—against the truth and
majesty of history, which, beginning with a clerk
in the Department of State, spread to all the or-
gans, big and little; then reached the Senate of the
United States, held divided empire in this cham-
ber for four months, and now dies the death of the
ridiculous.
I have now got to the end of the errors which I
propose to correct at the present time. I have
consumed the day in getting ready to speak—in
clearing away the rubbish which had been piled
up in my path. On another day, if the Senate
pleases, I will go to work on the Oregon question,
and endeavor to show how far we shall be right,
and how far we may bo wrong, m exercising the
jurisdiction anil sovereignty which this bill pro-
poses (which is not a copy of the British act, but
goes far beyond it) over an undefined extent of
territory, to which we know there are conflicting
claims. Light upon this point, at this time, may
be of service to our country; and I mean to dis-
charge my duty to her, regardless of all conse-
quences to myself.
Mr. B. then gave way to a motion for adjourn-
ment.
Mr. HAYWOOD moved that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed till Monday
next; which motion was agreed to.
On motion, it was
Resolved, That when the Senate adjourn, it be to
meet on Monday next.
THE WAR WITH MEXICO.
Mr. HAYWOOD moved that the Senate should
proceed to the consideration of the bill supplement-
ary to the bill providing for the prosecution of
the existing war between the United Suites and the
Republic of Mexico; which was agreed to.
The bill was read a second time and considered
as in committee of the whole, and, after some con-
versation,
Mr. SPEIGHT observed that the Senate was
evidently indisposed to act upon the bill at so late
a period of the day, and in his judgment every
consideration of propriety required that its con-
sideration should be deferred till Monday.
Several Senators. " Certainly."
Mr. HAYWOOD insisted upon immediate ac-
tion on the bill; but a motion to adjourn prevailing,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 23, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday (having been read in
part only) was approved.
The SPEAKER said the business first in order
would be the call of the committees in their order
for reports.
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES, from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to which was referred the
bill from the Senate entitled "An act to repeal a
' part of the act making appropriations for the
' naval service for the year ending the 30th June,
' 1846," reported the same with the following
amendment:
Add to the end of the bill the following:
And beitfurther enacted, That the proviso in the
act entitled " An act making appropriations for the
'naval service for the fiscal year ending the 30 th
« of June, 1845, approved June 17th, 1844," which
is in the following words, to wit: " And provided
' further, That no portion of the said sum be ap-
' plied to the pay of any officers of any grade of
* the navy beyond the number allowed by law in
£ the respective grades on the 1st day of Septem-
' ber, 1842," be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
The amendment was concurred in, and the bill
as amended was read a third time and passed,
DRAWBACKS.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill for the allowance of
drawback on foieign merchandise imported into
certain districts of the United States from the Brit-
ish North American provinces, and exported to
foreign countries.
The bill having been read twice,
Mr. McCLELLAJSf D asked that it be put on its
third reading.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved its reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. McCLELLAND opposed the motion, and
briefly explained the objects of the bill.
Mr. P. KING and Mr. I. E. HOLMES said a
few words in favor of its passage.
Mr. BRODHEAD and Mr. DARRAGH briefly
insisted on the necessity of an examination of the
provisions of the bill before'final action was taken
upon it.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, moved the pre-
vious question.
On which demand no quorum voted.
Mr. YINTON called for the reading of the bill.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved a call of the House,
which was refused.
The bill was then again read.
Mr. GENTRY said he thought it was manifest
that any attempt to legislate during the present
week, when the attention of members was so
much given to the exhibition being made of the
results of American industry, would be productive
of no good. He moved, therefore, that when the
House adjourn, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The yeas and nays were taken; and the vote
stood, yeas 65, nays 93.
So the motion to adjourn to Monday was re-
jected.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded. The main question was ordered, and
the bill (having been ordered to a third reading
now) was read a third time and passed in the fol-
lowing form, to wit:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That any
merchandise imported from the British North American
Provinces adjoining the United States, which shall have
been duly enteied, and the duties thereon paid or secured,
according to law, at either of the ports of entry in the collec-
tion districts situated on the northern, northeastern, and
northwestern frontiers of the United States, may be trans-
ported by land or by water, or partly by lana and partly by
watei, to any port 01 ports from which merchandise may,
under existing laws, be exported with such privilege to any
foieign country: Provided, That such exportation shall be
made within one year from the date of importation of said
merchandise, and that existing laws relating to the transport-
ation of merchandise entitled to drawback fi om one district
to another, or to two other districts, and the due exportation
and proof of landing thereof, and ail regulations which die
Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe for the security of
the revenue, shall be complied with.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr.
Hudson, of Massachusetts, in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the private calendar
under the restriction contained in thefollowing rule:
" On the first and fourth Friday of each month
* the calendar of private bills shall be called over,
'and the bills to the passage of which no objection
' shall then be made shall be first considered and
4 disposed of."
A number of bills were read; and no objection
having been made, were laid aside, to be reported
to the House.
