1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
857
in view of the late gratifying intelligence, I cannot
refrain from congratulating the officers and mem-
bers of this meeting upon victories more recent,
and successes more triumphant than those to which
their proceedings so appropriately respond. But
the generous sentiment and elevated patriotism
which breathe in every word of these resolutions,
' speak for themselves, and are too briefly and truly
eloquent to be withheld from the Senate, and the
public, and I desire their reading.
The resolutions were then read by the Secreta-
ry, and, with the other proceedings, Were laid
upon the table.
Mr. BAGBY asked leave to withdraw from the
files of the Senate the papers of Catlin, Peoples, &
Co.; which was granted.
Mr. COR WIN presented the following resolu-
tion ; which was agreed to:
llcsolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
changing the time of holding the circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States for the district of
Ohio,
On motion of Mr. WOODBRIDGE, the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitted to
the Senate a few days since, in relation to the min-
eral lands in the Lake Superior region, in Michigan
and Wisconsin, was ordered to be printed for the
use of tire Senate.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the report of the Secre-
tary of War and the accompanying documents, in
1 elation to the improvement of the harbors ofDun-
lcirk and Cattaraugus, on Lake Erie, was ordered
to be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. .TARNAGIN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a hill for the relief of Samuel
W. Bell; which was read, and passed to the second
reading. The accompanying report was ordered
to be printed.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the Senate took up
the bill establishing certain post-routes, and for
other purposes; which was considered as in com-
mittee of the whole, and, having been amended,
was reported back to the Senate, the amendments
were concurred in, and the bill ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
By unanimous consent the bill was then read a
third time, and passed.
PROSECUTION OP THE WAR WITH MEXICO.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the Senate proceeded to
the consideration of the bill supplemental to an act
entitled "An act providing for the prosecution of
the existing war between the United States and the
Republic of Mexico," and forother purposes; the
E ending question being upon an amendment moved
y Mr. Atchison, providing that all general offi-
cers appointed under this act shall be dismissed at
the close of the war, or within throe months there-
after.
Mr. DIX said ho hoped the amendment would
not prevail. An increase in the number of general
officers had become necessary in consequence of
the increase of rank and file, and the addition of
another regiment. The amendment of the Senator
from Missouri contemplated the dismissal of the
newly-appointed officers at the close of the war.
It might happen that the officers to be appointed
would become distinguished, and it would become
desirable that they should he retained. As the Jaw
now stood, all general officers were placed upon
the same footing, and a reduction of the whole
number would take place. The effect of the amend-
ment would be to make it obligatory to discharge
those officers from the service at the close of the
war. It seemed to him exceedingly appropriate
that the power of retaining those officers should
' Mr. WESTCOTT said he was opposed to the
amendment of the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Atchison.] The honorable Senator
from New York [Mr. Dix] had advanced some
reasons which influenced his opinion in a better
manner than he could have done; but he (Mr. W.)
had an additional reason. This was the operation
and the effect of the amendment, if adopted, upon
all the officers of the regula r army of superior rank
now in service, and who might be promoted under
this lav/. It would be harsh and unjust towards
them. Arms is their profession. The amendment
seemed to anticipate that the President would ap-
point all these additional generals allowed by this
bill from citizens now in private life. Mr. W.
said he saw no such direction to the Executive in
the bill, and he trusted it would not be the case;
certain he was that it would not be satisfactory to
the. country. Now, if this bill passed with this
amendment, and General Taylor should be pro-
moted to a brigadiership or major generalship, as
soon as the war was over he is to be dismissed
from the service. Mr. W. said those who had
not devoted a whole lifetime to service in the ar-
my, but who went into a brigadier or a major gen -
eral's place in the regular army at one leap, could
not complain of the effect of this amendment as to
themselves. Unless the amendment was modified
to prevent such effect as to the officers now in the
regular army who may be promoted, and who
would be dismissed when they had closed the war
for their gallantry in closing it, he should vote
against it.
Mr. ATCHISON said he disliked to trouble the
Senate at any time with any remarks of his, but it
was perhaps necessary that he should explain the
reason why he had proposed this amendment.
His object was that, after the close of the war, the
Government should not be encumbered with ar^
unnecessary number of Major Generals and Briga-
dier Generals; that those officers should not be
fastened upon the Government for all future time;
that it might be clearly understood in advance by
those officers, whether they were to be taken from
the army or not, that their term of service would
expire at the closc of the war, so that in accepting
the appointment they might know upon what con-
dition they accepted it. It was for this purpose,
and this alone, that he had offered this amend-
ment. He was aware that he might be told that
Congress had the entire control of the matter,
and that they might pass a law dismissing those
officers at the close of the war; but he thought it
would be far preferable that the tiling should be
regulated beforehand. He presumed there would
lie no dissent from the principle, for it could hardly
ho expected that the increased force was to be kept
up. There was already a sufficiently large peace
establishment, perhaps too large. That was a
matter, however, which he had nothing to do with
at present, [fan officcr at present in the army—
if Gen. Taylor himself aeccpt, promotion, no in-
jury would ho done by this provision, because he
would be aware of the condition upon which pro-
motion was conferred.
The modification suggested by his friends around
him he was willing to accept, but he did not know
whether it would be acceptable to the Senate; it
was that, at the close of the war, there should be a
reduction. The question would then be which
should bo dismissed. He hoped there would be
no objection to the amendment which he had of-
fered.
Mr. MANGUM said he had hoped that the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
would have made a full and minute exposition of
the views of the Government, or of the views of
the committee, in regard to the necessity for this
increase of general officers; or, at the very least,
that he would, in his place, have offered some in-
formation in regard to the action of the committee.
Being himself utterly untrained in all military
matters, knowing nothing on the subject except
what the most ordinary citizen in the country
knew, it did nevertheless strike him, at the first
blush^ that the increase proposed was greatly dis-
proportionate to the necessity. By means of the
existence of a military academy, they had got a
very full supply of military officers. And he was
utterly unwilling, since the country had gone to
the expense it had in supporting that academy for
the purpose of instruction in military science, to
sec that vast amount of training thrown away. It
seemed to him somewhat premature at this time,
without having any definite knowledge on the
subject, to increase greatly the number of officers
of the army! Some of the most distinguished
officers of the last war were men who had won
their way first as volunteers. Such was the case
of General Jackson. And where would be found
a man who would command more confidence than
General Taylor? It was a remark that was veri-
fied by examples innumerable, that, in time of
war, military talent would develop itself; it would
emerge from the ranks; and he thought it would
be time enough when men .showed themselves
worthy of high and distinguished positions, to
confer distinctions and appointments upon them.
To confer offices upon a multitude of men, wheth-
er they wore qualified or not, was, he thought,
very improper. It would, to bo sure, offer a good
opportunity for patronage. They had already
major generals and brigadier generals; and those
who had devoted their lives to the service were
the men who ought to be promoted.
He moved that the bill be laid upon the table,
or passed by informally for the present, m order
to proceed to the consideration of the special
order.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill infor-
mally passed over until to-morrow.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, the motion pending being that
of Mr. Westcott to postpone the further consid-
eration of the bill to establish jurisdiction over the
territory of Oregon until the first Monday in De-
cember next.
Mr. BENTON rose and addressed the Senate
as follows; _
In resuming my speech on this subject, x wish
to say, Mr. President, that the bill now before die
Senate is not the one recommended by the Pres-
ident of the United States. He recommended th.it
the sovereignty and jurisdiction of the United
States be extended to our Oregon territory to the
same extent that Great Britain had extended her
sovereignty and jurisdiction to the same country.
In this recommendation I fully concur; and I ven-
ture to say that, if such a bill was brought in, it
might pass the Senate (leaving out unnecessary
speeches) in as little time as it would require to
read it three times by its title. But the bill before
the Senate is not oI that character. It goes far be -
yond the President's recommendation. It proposes
many things not found in the British act of 1821—■
things implying exclusive jurisdiction and sover-
eignty in us, and that to an undefined extent of
country, and under circumstances which must im-
mediately produce hostile collisions between our
agents and the British agents on the other side of
the Rocky Mountains. I am opposed to all this;
but I am not in favor of the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill. I wish to see it amended and
made conformable to the President's recommenda-
tion. If gentlemen who have the conduct of the
measure here will bring in such an amendment,
and put it on its passage without speeches, I will
stop my speech until it is passed.
I will now proceed to show, as well as I can,
the degree and extent of our just claims beyond
the Rocky Mountains.
To understand what I mean to say, it is neces-
sary to recollect the geography of the country in
question, and see it presenting, as it does, three
distinct geographical divisions, to each of which a
different claim and a different degree of claim at-
taches, and which cannot be confounded under
any one general view, without a general mystifica-
tion and total confusion of the whole subject. The
Columbia river and its valley is one of these divis-
ions; the islands along the coast is another; Fia-
zer's river and its valley (called by the British
New Caledonia) is the third. Under these three
divisions I now propose to speak of the country.
Under these divisions I have always spoken of it;
and what I have said of one part had no applica-
tion to another. When I spoke of the great river
of the West and its valley, either by its American
name of Columbia or its Indian name of Oregon,
I never intended Frazer's river and its valley, or
Vancouver's Island, or the Gulf of Georgia, or
Desolation Sound, or Broughton's Arch. When
I speak of the coast and the islands, I do not mean
the continent and the mountains; and when 1
speak of Frazei's river or New Caledonia, I do
not mean the Columbia river. I repudiate all such
loose and slovenly verbiage; and, desiring to be
understood according to my words, I go on to
speak of the country beyond the Rocky Mountains
under the three great geographical divisions into
which Nature has formed it, and to which political
events have so naturally adapted themselves.
I begin with the islands.
From the Straits of Fuca (in fact from Puget's
Sound) to the peninsula of Alaska—a distance of
one thousand miles—there is a net-work of islands
—an archipelago—some large, some small, check-
ered in together, and covering the coast to the
extent of one, two? and even three hundred miles
in front of the continent. They are most of them
of volcanic impression, and separated from each
other and the continent by deep hays, gulfs, and
