1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
grain of sand, drop of water, and blade of grass in
all Oregon, up to.fiffcy-four forty, is ours ! and have
it we will.
This is the country which geography and history
five-and-twenty years ago called New Caledonia,
and treated as a British possession; and it is the
country which an organized party among ourselves
of the present day call tf the whole of Oregon or
none^" and every inch of which they say belongs
to us.. Well, let us proceed a little further with
the documents of 1823, and see what the men of
that day—President Monroe and his Cabinet—the
men who had made the treaty with Spain by which
we became the masters of this large domain: let us
proceed a little further, and see what they thought
of our title up to fifty-four forty. I read from the
same document of 1823:
Mr. Adams to Mr. Middleton, July 22, 1823.
"The right ot the United States, from the forty-second
to the forty-ninth paiallel of latitude on the Pacific ocean
we consider as unquestionable, being founded, first, on the
acquisition by the tieaty of 22d February, 1819, of all the
rights of Spam second, by the discovery of the Columbia
liver, first from the sea at if« mouth, and then "by land by
Lewis and Clarke; and, third, by the settlement at its mouth
in 1811. This territory is to the United States of an ii -
poitanccs which no possession m North America can be of
to any European nation, not only as it is but the continuity
of their possessions from the Atlantic to the Pacific ocban,
but as it offers their inhabitants the moans of establishing
hereaftei water communications from the one to the other."
Forty-nine, Mr. President, forty-nine1 To
that line, anf> that four. years after the
acquisition op the spanish claim, was our un-
questionable right held to extend; fifty-one
was the highest debatable line named, and
that named on a principle known to be erro-
neous, and ready to be given up.
Again:
Mr. J]dams to Mr. Rush. Same dale.
"Bp the treaty of amity, settlement, and limit-, Ivtween
the United States and Spam, of ii£d( Febmaiy, IBID, the
boundary tine between them was iixod at the lbrty-soroiid
degree of latitude, from the source of tlie Arkansas river to
the South ?ea. lly which tieaty the United States auiuircd
all the rights of Spam north of that paiullef.
"The"right of the United States to the Columbia river,
and to the mteiior terutory washed by us waters, rests upon
its discovety from the sea aiul nomination by a citizen ot the
United Stalesj upon its CAploration to the sea, made by
Captains Lewis and Clarke; upon the settlement of'AMona,
made under the protection of Ujcj Unuod tff.tics, ami finis
restored to them m and upon this Mil^eqnent ncc/iu-
sitioii of all the rights of Spain, the only Kuiopean Power
who, pi for to the discovery ol'the liver, had any pietensions
to territorial n^hU on the northwest eoa^t of America.
" The waters of the Columbia river extend, by the Mult-
nomah, to the 42d degree of latitude, where its source ap-
proaches within a few mites of tho e of the I'l&ue and Ar-
kansas ; and by Clarke's river to the 50th or 51st degree of
latitude} thence descending, southward, till its Sources
almost intersect those ot the Missouri*"
" To the territory thus watered, and immediately con-
tiguous to the original possessions of tho United States, as
first bounded on the Mississippi, they considor their right to
be now established by all the pnneiplo which have ever
been applied to European -settlements upon the Ameucan
hemisphere."
This is an extract of great value, and is an am-
plification, and, development of the principle laid
down in the extract just read. It recites the Span-
ish treaty of 1619, and claims nothing under it be-
yond the Columbia and its valley. To this our
title is alleged to be complete, on American grounds,
independent of the treaty, namely, discovery, set-
tlement, and colonization by JY1r. Aster, under the
protection of the United Staiey:
Again:
Mr. Jldams to Mr. Rusk. Same despatch.
" If the British Northwest and Hudson Bay Companies
have any posts on the eonst, ?is suggested in the aitiele m the
Quarterly Review above cited, the third much? of the con-
vention of the SJUth of October, ihl8, is applicable to them.
Mr. Middleton is authorized to propose an article of similar
import, to be inserted in a joint convention between the
United States, Gieat Britain, and Russia, for a term of ten
years from its signature. You are authoiized to make the
same proposal to the British Government; and, with a view
to draw a definite line of demarcation for the future, to stip-
ulate that no settlement shah hereatter be made on the
northwest coast, or on any of the inlands thereto adjoin-
ing, by Russian subjects, south of latitude 55; by citizens of
the United States north of latitude 51; or by British subjects
either south of 51 or north, of o5.
" X mention the latitude of 51, as the bound within whir-h
we are willing to limit the future settlement of the United
Suites, because it is not to be doubted that the Columbia
river blanches &j far north as 51, although it is most probably
nottheTaconeschee Tess£ of Mackenzie. As, however, the
line already runs in latitude 49 to the Stony Mountains, should
it be earnestly insisted upon by Great Britain, we will con-
sent to carry it in continuance, on the same parallel, to the
sea. Copies of this instruction will likewise be forwarded
to Mr. Middleton, with whom you will freely but cautiously
correspond on this subject, as well as in regard to your ne-
gotiation respecting the suppression of the felave trade."
Four things must strike the attention in this ex-
tract: 1. The offer of a partnership to the Emperor
Alexander, which he wisely refused. 2. The of-
fer of the game to Great Britain, which she saga-
ciously accepted. 3. The offer of 55° to Great
Britain as her permanent northern boundary. 4.
The offer of 51° to her as a permanent southern
boundary,, and its offer on a principle not valid,
with the alternative to fall back upon the line of
49°. The British, who know all this, and a great
deal more, must be astonished at our fifty-four-
forty war fever of to-day!
Again:
Mr. Husk to Mr. Jldams.
"London, December 22,1&23.
"In an interview I had with Mr. Canning' last week, I
made known to him, as preparatory to the negotiation, the
views of our Government relative to the noithwest coast of
America. These, as you know, are:
<k First. That, iw regards the country westward of the
Rocky Mountains, the three Powers, viz; Great Britain, tlie
United States, and Russia, should jointly agree to a conven-
tion, to ho in force ten years, similar in its nature to the
third article of the convention of October, 1818, now sub-
sisting between the two former POwers; and secondly, that
the United States would stipulate not to make any settle-
ments on that coast north of the fifty-first degree of latitude,
provided Great Britain would stipulate not to make any
south of 51° or north of 55°; and Russia not to make any
south of 55°.
"Mr. Canning expressed no opinion on tlie above propo-
sitions further than to hint, under his first impressions,
strong objections to the one which goes to limit Great But-
aiu northwards to 55°. His object in wishing to learn from
me our propositions at tins point of time, was, as 1 under-
Stood, that he might better write to Sir Charles Bagot on the
whole subject to which they relate."
Again:
Same to same, December 39,1823.
"And secondly, that the United States weje willing to
stipulate to make no settlements north of the st decree of
north latitude on that eoaxt, provided Great Britain stipulated
to make none south of 51° or noith of 55°; and Russia to
make none south of 55°."
Again:
Same to same, same date.
"That they (the United States) were willing, however,
waiving for the present the full advantage of the e claims, to
forbear all settlements north of.11,as that hmitimghibe ssuf-
fii ient to give thoni the lxneiit of nil the waters of rhe Co-
lumbia river; but that they would expect Orcat Britain to
abstain from coming south of that limit or going above 55;
the hitter parallel being taken as that beyond which it was
not imagined that --he had any actual settlements." •
On Friday, Mr. President, I read one passage
from the documents of 1823, to let you see that
fifty-four forty (for (hat is the true reading of fifty-
five) had been offered to Great Britain for her north-
ern boundary: to-day I read you six passages
from the same documents, to show the same thine;.
And let me remark oncc more—the remark will
bear eternal repetition—these offers were made by
the men who had acquired tlie Spanish title to Ore-
gon ! and who must be presumed to know as much
about it as those whoso acquaintance with Oregon
dates from the epoch of the Baltimore Convention
—whose love for it dates from the era of its pro-
mulgation as a party watchword—whose knowl-
edge of it extends to the luminous pages of Mr.
Grrenhow's book!
Six times Mr. Monroe and his Cabinet renounced
Prater's river and its valley, and left it to the Brit-
ish \ They did so on the intelligible principle that
the British had discovered it, and settled it, and
were in the actual possession of it when we got the
Spanish claim; which claim Spain never made!
Upon this principle, Now Caledonia was left to the
British in 1823. Upon what principle is it claimed
now >
This is what Mr. Monroe and his Cabinet thought
of our title to the whole of Oregon or none, in the
year 1823. They took neither branch of this prop-
osition. They did not go for all or none, but for
some! They took some, and left some; and they
divided by a line right in itself, and convenient in
itself, and mutually suitable to each party. This
President and his Cabinet carry their u unquestion-
able right" to Oregon as far as 49, and no further.
This is exactly what was done six years before.
Mr. Gallatin and Mr. Rush offered the same line,
as being a continuation of the line of Utrecht, (de-
scribing it by that name in their despatch of Octo-
ber 20th, 1818.) and as covering the valley of the
Columbia river, to which they alleged our title to
be indisputable. Mr. Jefferson had offered the
same line in 1807. All these offers leave Frazer's
river and its valley to the British, because they dis-
covered and settled it. All these offers hold on io
the Columbia river and its valley, because we dis-
covered and settled it; and all these offers let the
principle of contiguity or continuity work equally
on the British as on the American side of the line
of Utrecht.
This is what the statesmen did who made the
acquisition of the Spanish claim to Oregon in 1819.
In four years afterwards they had freely offered all
north of 49 to Great Britain: and no one ever
thought of arraigning them for it. Most of these
statesmen have gone through fiery trials since, and
been fiercely assailed on all the deeds of tneir lives;
but 1 never heard of one of them being called to
account, much less lose an election, for the part he
acted in offering 49 to Great Britain in 1823, or
at any other time. For my part, T thought they
were right then, and I think so now; I was Sena-
tor then, as I am now. I thought with them that
New Caledonia belonged to .the British; and think-
ing so still, and acting upon the first half of the
great maxim—Ask nothing but what is right—I
shall not ask them for it, much less fight them for
it now. ...
I come now to the third geographical division of
the contested country, purposely reserved for the -
last, because it furnishes the subject for the appli-
cation of the second halfof the great maxim: Sub-
mit to nothing that is wrong. I come to the river
Columbia, and its vast and magnificent valley. I
once made a description of it, with an anathema
against its alienation. I described it by metes and
bounds—by marks and features—and then wrote
its name in its face. The fifty-four forties got hold
of my description—rubbed out the name—oblit-
erated the features—expanded the boundaries—
took in New Caledonia, and all the rivers, lakes,
bays, sounds, islands, valleys, forts, and settle-
ments, all the way up to 54 40 ! and then turned
my own anathema against myself, because their
minds could'not apply words to things. "Well! 1
take no offence at this. There are some people too
simple'to get angry with. All we do with them
in' the West is, to have them " cut for the sim-
ples;" after which they are cured. They can per-
form this operation for themselves, or have it done.
If by themselves, all they have to do is lub their
eyes, and read again: if by others, the operator
must read, and caution the listening patient to stick
the word to the thing.
The valley of the Columbia is ours: ours by-
discovery, by settlement, and by the treaty of
Utrecht! and has too often been so admitted by
Great Britain, to admit of her disputing it now. I
do not plead our title to that great country. I did
that twenty years ago, when there were few to re-
peat or applaud what I said. I pass over the
ground which f trod so long ago, and which has
been again so much trodden of late, and take up
the question at a fresh place—the admissions of'
Great Britain ! and show that she is concluded by
her own acts and words from ever setting up any
claim to the river and valley of the Columbia, or to
any part of the territory south of the 49lh degree.
I begin with Mr. Astor's settlement on the Co-
lumbia, and rest upon it as a corner-stone in this
new edifice of argument against Great Britain.
What was that settlement? Not a mere trading
post, for temporary traffic, down in a corner, and
without the knowledge of nations or the sanc-
tion of his own Government. On the contrary, it
was the foundation of a colony, and the occupa-
tion of the whole valley of the Columbia, and the
establishment of a commercial emporium, of which
the mouth of the river was the seat, and the Rocky
Mountains on one hand and Eastern Asia on the
other were the outposts. Great Britain saw it
without objection—the United States with appro-
bation; and every circumstance which proclaimed
and legitimated a national undertaking signalized
and commemorated its commencement, existence,
and overthrow.
It was in the year 1810—four years after the re-
turn of Lewis and Clarke's expedition—that Mr.
Astor, with the enlarged and comprehensive views
of a " merchant princeprojected from the western
shore of the Atlantic this great establishment on
the eastern coast of the Pacific Ocean. A ship
commanded by an officer of the United States
navy, freighted with everything necessary for the
foundation of a colony, sailed from New York to
double Cape Horn: an overland expedition of
ninety men, led by a gentleman of New Jersey,
proceeded from St. Louis to cross the Rocky
Mountains. In the. spring of 1811 the two expe-
ditions met at the mouth of the Columbia, and im-
mediately proceeded to fulfil the intentions of tho
