860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
bold projector of the enterprise. A&toria was
founded: its dependant post, the Okcnakan, was
established six hundred miles up the river: the
Spokan, another dependant, was established two
hundred miles higher up* and at the base of the
mountains: a thud, the "Wahlamath, was estab-
lished upon the river of that name, two hundred
and fifty miles southeast of Astoria. Parties of
traders and hunters covercd all the waters of the
Columbia river from head to mouth; fleets of bat-
teaus, can ying up merchandise and bringing down
furs, had their regular arrival and departure from
Astoria. Two more ships arrived from New York.
Canton, the Sandwich Islands, New Archangel,
the coast of California, were visited by Mr. As-
tor's ships. The Pacific Fur Company was in full
tide of success. Astoria became the centre of an
extended trade: her name became known to the
world. This was notice to the world that an
American colony was being- founded on the Co-
lumbia, and no iPower in the wide woild objected
to it. It was before the Spanish treaty of 1811),
and Spain did not object. It was after all the pre-
tended claims of Groat Britain, as now set up, and
she did not object. Special notice had previously
been given to the Minister of Great Riitain, and
ho had nothing to say against it. Special notice
had already been gnen to the Northwest Com-
pany, and they invited to join m the enterpiise as
traders, svhich (hey refused to do, because it was
an American enterprise. Par from objecting to
the settlement, they sent a special a« ont across
the continent to stipulate with Mr. Astor's agents
that they should confine themselves to the valley
of the Columbia, which arrangement was made.
Spei lal notice was given to our own Government,
us sanction obtained, and us protection .solicited;
and if protection, in the full sense of the word, was
not promised, it was because it was felt to be im-
po*sihle lo send troops and ships there, in the
<*vent of the war, to pievent its falling into tlic
hands of the British; but that it was to be protect-
ed, in the general sense of the word, was promised ,
as was proved at Ghent when peace came to be
made.
Two years passed off in this way; Great Britain
made no objection; her agent, the Northwest
Company, agreed to our occupation of the whole
valley; and acquiescence., under these circum-
stam os, becomes an admission of Amencnn title
which forever closes the mouth of Great I'ritain.
In this manner the Columbia was settled bv Mr.
Astor; in this manner it was held by lum for two
yeais. Now for the manner in which it fell into
the bunds of Great Britain. Two years had
elapsed from the tune of the foundation of Astoria,
when intelligence arrived at that place with the
news of war between the United Hiates and Great
P i it.un, and information of a depurtun of a ship of
war from London to join the squadron under
Commodore Ihllyar, m the Pacific Ocean, and
proceed to capture Astoria as an important Amer-
ican colony. At the same time .several partners of
the Northwest Company arrived at Astoria, con-
firmed the information of the British designs on
the post, aixl offered to purchase all the stock on
hand, goods and fins, of Mr. Astor, as the only
means of pieventing them fioni becoming a pri/,e
to a British squadron. The agents of Mr. Astor
sold under this duress, 'receiving the fourth or
fifth part of what the property was worth. Soon
after a ship of war Irom Commodore Hillyar's
squadron arrived, took possession of the post with-
out opposition, but with all the formalities of a
British conquest, and with jrrcat cliHgun to the
oOicers at the loss of their expected booty. This
is the manner in which the British got possession
of Astoria, and with it the whole valley of the
Columbia. As a Bntish conquest they took it; as
such they agreed to restore it under the treaty of
Ghent. And thus, at the settlement of Astoria,
and the occupation of the whole valley of the Co-
lumbia, the British Government, by its silent
acquiescence, admitted our unqucstioiu&lc right to
it. By seizing it as a British conquest, they ad-
mitted our right again. By agreeing to lestorc it
under the treaty of Ghent, they admitted it a third
time—three times in five years; and this ought to
be enough, in all conscience, to preclude present
claims, founded on previous stale and vague pre-
tensions.
Now for the proof of all that I have said.
I happen to have in my possession the book, of
all others, which gives the fullest and most authen-
tic details on all the points 1 have mentioned, and"
written at a time and under circumstances when
the author (himself a British subject, and familiar
on the Columbia) had no more idea that the Brit-
ish would lay claim to that river than Mr. Har-
mon, the American writer whom I quoted, ever
thought of our claiming New Caledonia. It is the
work of Mr. Franchere, a gentleman of Montreal,
with whom I have the pleasure to be personally
acquainted, and one of those employed by Mr.
Astor in founding his colony. He was at the
founding of Astoria; at the sale to the Northwest
Company; saw the place seized as a British con-
quest; and remained three years afterwards in the
country, in the service of the Northwest Company.
He wrote in French: his work has not heen done
into English, though it well deserves it, and I read
from the French text. He first gives a brief and
true account of the discovery of the Columbia.
He says:
u hi 17D-2, Captain (Jrny, commanding the ship Columbia,
of HiMoh, discovered the entrance of a large hay in d(> de-
urees 19 minute* of north latitude. lie entered it; mid find-
in:,', I v the troh water which he found at a little distance
Irom it> mouth, that it was a large river, he ascended it
ei^htecninileK, ami east anchor upon the left bunk, at the
entrance of a deep bay. He there drew up a chart of what
lie had discovered of this river and of the neighboring eoun-
tr\ ; and utVi having tuitlieked with the native*, (ilie, object
lor which lie came upon iIkwc coasts,) ho regained the sea;
and xoon after met Captain Vancouver, who was sailing
undei the orders ot the l>nti>h (government in search of dis-
coveries. Captain Ciav made known to bun the discovery
which he had made, and even communicated the chart of it
which he had dr;t\\ n up. Vancouver sent his fir^t lieuten-
ant, Broiiirhtmi, who amended tin* rivei 118 miles; took
pov.sesMon ofit in the name of Ins Biitnmuc Majesty; pave
it the name of Columbia, and to the bay where Captain Uiay
had stopped Uie name ot Gray's Hav. Wtnee tin's period the
oommy has been much frequented, especially by Ameri-
cans."
This brief and plain account of the discovery of
the Columbia is valuable for showing—-first, lhat
we discovered the river*, sccnmlhj, lhat wo showed
il to I'ntish navigators; and, lliirdh^ that one of
those to whoni wc showed it immediately claimed
it as British pioperty. We shall soon see that the
British Government, or its agents in these parts,
the Northwest Company, gave no attention to this
claim of Mr. Broughton, so little creditable to his
candor and justice. Vancouver, like a man of
honor, never claimed Captain Gray's discovery,
but assigned to him the entire credit of it, with
thanks for 1ns communication of it to himself.
The design of Mr. Astor's establishment is thus
spoken of:
aM). John Jacob A-tor, merchant of New York, who
earned on alone H «' hade m hnx In the «omh of the great
Lake-; Huron and Supenor, and who had aeqmied hy this
commerce a prodigious lortune, believed he could yet aug-
ment tin-* foi tune by forming, on the banks of the Columbia,
an establishment, of which the entiepftt should be at its
mouth. lie communicated Ins views to the agents of the
Northwo't Comp.iny; lie wished even to make ttiin estab-
lishment in concert with them ; but, after <ome negotiations,
the wintering profilers (/c. proprlMitirc* hircrnurits) having
rcieeted his piopn«itions, Mr. Astor determined to rnnke the
attempt atone. It w.u? essential to his kucccss that lie
should have persons long accustomed to trade with the In-
dians, and he did not delay to find them. Mr. Alexander
McKay, (the same, who had accompanied Sir Alexander
M:tekeiv/.ie in his voyages.) a man bold and enterprising,
iomed hun ; and, soon after, Messrs. Duncan McDotigall,
Donald Mackenzie, (heretofore in the service of the Noith-
weM Companv,) David Stuaif, and Robert Stuart, all of
Canada, did the Mime. Finally, in the uinter of IHJO, Mr.
Wilson Price Hunt, of Ht. Louis, on the Mississippi, having
a!-o joined them, they df terinmcd tliat the expedition should
take place the following spi ing.*'
This shows a direct communication of Mr. As-
tor's design to the, Northwest Company, and of
their rofuBal to act in concert with him, because of
the American character of the enterprise; also the
reason why he employed many Canadians in his
service: it was for the sake of having experienced
tinders lo assist m conducting his business. It
shows also that, among other Canadian gentlemen,
he had employed Mr. Alexander McKay, the faith-
ful companion of Sir Alexander Mackenzie in his
expedition lo (he Pacific ocean in J 793. This gen-
tleman knew where Mackenzie's discoveries were,
and whether Mr. Astor was about to trespass upon
them. This, then, was the time to speak: on the
contrary, the companion of Mackenzie goes on to
assist in laying the foundation of the American
colony on the Columbia!
Mr. Franchere proceeds:
<c It is well to state that, during our sojourn in New York,
and before leaving That city, Mr. McKny believed it would
be p'tident to see Mr. Jackson, the Minister Plenipotentiaiy
of In- Britannic Majesty, in order to inform him of the object
for which he was about lo embark, and to ask his advice ;ts
to what he should do in ca«e of a rupture between the two
Powers, intimating to lum that wo were all British subjects
and that we were going to trade under the American flag.
After some moments5 reflection, Mr. Jackson said to him,
'that we weie going to form a mercantile establishment at
* the risk of our lives; that all he could promise us was. that,
(in case of a war between the two Powers, we should 1)6 re-
spected as British subjects and traders.1 This answer ap-
peared satisfactory, and Mr. McKay believed he had nothing .
more to fear from that quarter."
This was in the year 1810—seventeen years'
after the discoveries of Mackenzie, and eight years
after Mr. Broughton took possession of the Co-
lumbia in the name of his Britannic Majesty; and
at this time, the Minister of Great Britain, on a
special communication made to him of Mr* Astor's
design to occupy the Columbia, has not a word to
say against it. Up to that time, it had not occur-
red to the British Government that the Columbia
river was theirs!
The ship Tonquin, carrying the maritime part
of the expedition, arrived at the mouth of the Co-
lumbia March 25th, 3811. The approach to the
coast revealed nothing but lofty ranges of moun-
tains, white with snow, through a gap of which
the great river of the "West entered the sea. The
weather was bad—the night dark—two boats had
been swamped—no pilots; lights, or buoys—yet
the captain (a rash man, who afterwards blew up
his ship at Nootka) entered safely, and anchored
at midnight in a commodious harbor. On the 12th
of April, after examining both sides of the bay for
tho best situation, a site was chosen on the south
side, about four or five leagues from the sea, and
the foundation of Astoria began—a name in itself
the badge of American title. On the 35th of July,
the young Astoria received an important visit,
which is thus described:
" All was ready ut the day appointed, (for an expedition
to the interior,) and we were preparing to load the canoes
when, towards mid day, wc saw a large canoe, carrying a
/lap, which was rounding Ihc point called by ut* 7'on^ne
Point. We were ignorant who they might be, for we did
not look *o soon for our people, who (as the reader may
remember) weie to cro^a the continent by the route which
Captain* Lcwi-uiml Clarke had followed in 1805, and winter
for this purpose on the banks of the Missouri Our uncer-
tainty was soon banished by tho Hearing of the canoe, which
landed near a little quay which we had built to facilitate
the unloading of our vessel. The flag which this canoe
carried was the British dag; ami her crew amounted to only
nine persons in all. A man, quite well dressed, and who
appeared to command, leaped first, to the shore, and accost-
iriff tif  without ceremony, told m that he was named David
Thomson, and was one of the proprietors of the Northwest
Company. We invited him to ascend to our lodging, vvhieh
was in one end of the shed,ourhousc not yet being finished.
After (lie u^ial hospitalities, Mr. Thompson told us that ho
luul ? ro-ord the continent daring the preceding winter; but
that tho de«eruon of a part of his men had obliged him to
winter at the foot of the mountains near the head of the
Columbia river; thai in the spring he had built a canoe and
h:id comc to our establishment. He added that the proprie-
tors wintering in them had resolved to abandon all the posts
which they had west of the mountains, rather than entermto
competition with us, on condition that we would promise
not to trouble them in the trade on the eastern >ide; and to
sustain what he said he produced a letter to Mr. William
M< Gilhvrav to the wimo effect.
"Mr. Thompson kept, as it seemed to me, a regular jour-
nal, and travelled rather as a geographer than a trader in
furs: he had a good quadrant; and during a sojourn of eight
days, which he made at our establishment, he had occasion
to make several astronomical observations."
This was a visit of great moment in the history
of Astoria, and in the consideration of the British
claim to the Columbia, which has lately been
brought forward. Mr. Thompson was one of the
Northwest Company, its astronomer, a gentleman
of science and character, to whom we are greatly
indebted for fixing important geographical posi-
tions in the interior of North America. He had
crossed the continent from Montreal simultaneously
with Mr. Astor's land expedition from St. Louis,
but in a higher latitude, and arrived a few days be-
fore it. He came to the Columbia to give the in-
formation to Mr. Astor's agents that the North-
west Company, to avoid competition with them,
would abandon all their establishments west of
the Mountains, provided Mr. Astor would not in-
terfere with them on the. cask This proposal.wa^
agreed to. The valley of the Columbia was left to
the free enjoyment of the Americans; and the ex-
tension of posts to the mountains went on without
question according to the original intention. The
Northwest Company, at that time, no more than
the British Government, had happened yet to take
it into its head that the Columbia river, or any
part of it, was British property.
Mr. Astor's agents proceeded to the establish-
ment of interior posts, and the dispatch of parties
to hunt and trade up the Columbia to the moun-
tains. The Okanakan, about six hundred miles
up, on the north-side of the river, and at the mouth
