1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
861
of the river of that name, was tbe most consider-
able, and was remarkable for being the nearest to
the British establishments in New Caledonia; for
by that name the valley and district of Frazer's
river was then known; and that was ten years be-
fore Mr. Harmon published his book. The Spo-
kan, two hundred miles higher up, and on the
south side, was established at the same time. The
post on the Wahlamath, t>vo hundred and fifty
miles southeast from Astoria, was established the
next year; arid of all these establishments Mr.
Franchere gives a particular account, which it is
not necessary to read here. The country was, at
the same time, completely penetrated by parties of
traders and hunters, up to the head-waters of
Clark's river, and of Lewis's river, and into the
Rocky Mountains. Two years everything had
gone on without interruption, when two events oc-
curred, in communicating which I will use Mr.
Franchise's own words :
" The 15th of January, 1813, Mr. Mackenzie an ived fi om
lus establishment, which he had abandoned after having
a part of his effects- He came to announce to us
that war had been <lef larod betwenn Great Britain and the
United States. This news had been brought to his post by
some gentlemen belonging to the Northwest Company, who
had givon linn a letter containing the PicsideiU'a proclama-
tion to that effect.
" On learning this news we stiongly desired, that is, all of
us at A-tona who were English and Canadians, to our-
fiplvs in Canada ; but we could not evon permit oiuNclve«*
to think of it, at least at present—we were separated from
our country by an immense space, and the difficulties of
travel wore insuunountablo at this Bonson. We held then
a sort of council of war, and, after having thoroughly weigh-
ed the crisis in which we found ourselves?, ai'tei having con-
gidcrid .seriously that although we wcie almost all British
subjects, we nevertheless trailed under th  Amencan flag,
and that we could not e.vpoct assistance, ail the poits of the
United Stales being piohably blockaded, we decided to aban-
don the establishment by the tollownm spring, oi in the be-
ginning of summer at fm theft, We did not tell our mmmts
of tilts icsolve, lor fear that they might abandon their work
at once, but we stopped tiadnii? with the native?- fiom that
moment, as much because we were not provided with a huge
supply of mcichamiiac, as that we had more furs than we
could carry away."
Here is an important fact stated, that of hearing
of the war and despairing of protection from the
United States. The agents of Mr. .Astor, upon full
consultation,determined to abandon the country.
Mr. Franchise continues:
"Some days aftci Mi. Mackenzie'* depaUme, we pn-
e( ived, to our great stnpnse, at the eMirimty of Toni'ue
Point, two canoes carrying tin1 Bmish flag, and between
them another beai mg that oi Aineuea. ft wa.- Mr. Macken-
zie himself, who was returning with Mi'k-k J. C*. MeTav-
i«h and Angus Bethune, of the Northwest Company. Ue
had met th<\sc gentlemen near the ltnpids, and had deter-
mined to return with them to the establishment, m conse-
quence of the news which they had given him. They were
on li'/hr canocs, having loft behind them Messrs. John Stuart
and McMillan, with a brigade of eight canocs loaded with
t'uiv.
" Mr. McTavish came up to our lodging, and showed us a
letter which had been written to him by Mr. A. Hhaw, one
of the. agents of the Northwest Company. Tins gentleman
announced to him in the letter that the ship Isaac Todd had
sailed from London in March, in company with the frigate
Phu'be, and that they were coming by order of the Govern-
ment to take possession of our estubli-hment—this establish-
ment being represented to the Lords of the Admiralty as an
important colony founded by the American Government,
"The eight canoes which hud been left behind having
joined the fust, a eampofneaily seventy-five men wok form-
ed at the little bay near our establishment. As they were
without provisions, we fhrnished them with what they need-
ed ; nevertheless we kept on our guard, for f< ar of some sur-
prise fiom them, for we were much inferior to them in num-
ber. , .
"The season advancing, and their vessels not arriving,
caused them to find their situation very disagreeable; with-
out tnovisjon, tuwl without merchandise to procure any fiom
the, natives, who looked on them with any evil eye, having
good hunters but wanting ammunition. Tired of recurring
incessantly to us for provisions, they proposed that we should
sell them our establishment and it-* contents. I'laoed in the
situation in which we were, in the daily expectation ol see-
ing an English man-of-war appear to take away what we
possessed, we listened to their proportions. We had .seve-
ral consultations; the negotiations grow wearily long, at
loripth thcyngreed on the price of the furs and merchandise,
and the treaty was signed by both parties on the33d of Octo-
ber. The gentlemen of the Northwestern Company took
possession of Astoria, having agreed to pay to each of the
servants of the ci-dev.uit Pacific Fur Company (a name cho-
sen by Mr. Astor) the amount of their wages in fuli, deduct-
ed from the price of the goods w e delivered to them, to feed
them, and to furnish a passage gratis to those among them
who wished to return to Canada.
«It was thus, that aitei having crossed seas and endured
all sorts of fatigues and privations, I lost, in an instant, all
mv hopes of fortune. I could not ptevent myself fiom re-
m'arking. that we should not look for such treatment from
the British Government, after the a&siuanees we had receiv-
ed from his Majesty's Minister before we left New York.
But as I have just said, the value of our tiadina-post had
been much exaggerated to the Minsters; for if they had
known it, they surely would not have taken oflence at it, at
W«t would not have judged it worthy of a maritime expe-
dition."
This is the manner in which the effects of Mr.
Astor passed into the hands of the Northwest
Company; this the manner in which they became
installed in the valley of the Columbia. It was a
purchase of goods and furs, and of the building^
which contained them, and nothing more. .No
one was childish enough to suppose that the sov-
ereignty of the country was or could have been
transferred as an appurtcnance to the skins and
blankets. We will now see how the British Gov-
ernment obtained possession of the country:
" The ]5th of November, 18J3, Messrs. Alexander Stuart
and Alexander Henry, both proprietors in the Northwest
Company, ariived at the establishment in two bark canoes,
manned by sixteen vojageurs. These gentlemen had left
Foit William, on I<ake Superior, in July. They lent us
tome Canadian newspaper*, by winch we learned that the
British arms had up to that time kept the ascendency.
They al o confirmed the news that an English fugatewas
to come and take our ci-devant establishment: tuey were
even very much smprised not to see the I.-aac Todd in the
harbor.
a On the morning of the 30th, we perceived a vessel which
was doubling Cape Disappointment, anil which soon an
chored in Baker's Bay. Not knowing it it was a friendly
vessel oi otuei wise, we thought it pi intent to send to it in a
canoe Mr. McDougall, with those of the men who bad been
in the service of the ci-devant P F. C., with the injunction
to call themselves Americans if the ship w«w American, and
English if it was the controly. Whilst they were on then
way, Mr. McTavish had all thu furs which were marked with
the name of the Northwest Company packed upon two barges
which were at the lort, and remounted the rivej to Tongue
Point, where he was to wait for a signal whieu we had
agreed upon. Towatds midnight Mi. HaNey, who bar] ac-
companied Mr. McDougall to the vest-el, ictuined to the
fort,and announced to us that it was the British sloop JRaek-
oon, of 2J guns, and 1*J0 men in lier crow, Captain liiaek
commanding. Mr. John McDonald, proprietor in the North-
west Company, had come as passenger in the Itaekoon, ac-
companied by five 'Plus gentleman had left ling-
land m the frigate Phnibe, which had sailed with the Isaac
Todd as lar as Rio Janeiro. Having rejoined there ah Kng-
lish squadron, the Admnal had given them for convoy the
(•loops Itaekoon and Clu-iub. Them toui vessels had sailed
in company to Cape Horn, where they had sepaiattd after
having agreed to meet at the island of Juan Fernandez.
Tno ill ice vessels of war did go there; but, alter having
waited a long time in vain for the l.srntc Todd, Commodore
Ilillyar, who commanded thi.-. little squadi on, having learned
that the Amencan Commodore Porter w«i< doing gnat dam-
age to the English ooinmerci', especially among the whalois
which liequented these seas, he. ie-olved to go and find him
and give battle; giving to Captain Hlaek oideisto go and
d< stioy the Aim iie.ui establishment of the Columbia uv« r.
Consequently, Mi. McDonald and his men had embarked on
the Raekoon. Thu gentleman told us ihat they had endured
the most teinblc weather in doubling Cape I lot u. Jle
thought that it the Todd had not ?.l ;ek< n< d at some
spot U would airive in the nvei within ,i fortnight. At the
agieed signal, Mr. MeTaw-di retained to Astoua with his
furs, and learned with much pleasure the airival ot Mr. Mc-
Donald.
" The liist of December, the barge of the corvette came to
the foit Astoria with McDonald, and the fiist lieutenant,
named Sheriff. As there wore on the Raekoon good* for the
Northwest Company, a boat was sent to Bakei's Bay to
bring them to the Hut; but the weather was so bad and the
wiu<l so \iohmt,that she did not return till the PJth with the
goods, bringing ab-o with Captain Black five manned and
tour sailors.
11 Wo regaled our hosts with a& much spjendoi as was
pos-sible. A tie i dinner the Captain had fneainis given to thy
company's servants; and we repaired, thus armed, to a plat-
lot m by which had been erected a tlag stair. Thoie the
Captain took a Bntish ilag, which ho bad brought for the
put ponC, and had it hoisted to the top of the stall; and then
taking a bottle lull ot Madeua, he broke it on the .stall', de-
claring in a loud voice that he took po-scs ion of the estab-
lishment and the eountiy m the name of his British Majesty;
and he changed the name of Astotia to that of Fort George.
The Judinn duels bad been assembled to witness tins cere-
mony, and I explained to them m their own language what
it meant. They fired three discharges ot artillery and imtskct
shot, and the health of the King was diank according to the
received customs m such cases.
k< The versel finding itself detained by contrary winds,
the Captain had an exact survey made of the mouth of the
river and the channel between Bnkei's Bay and Fort
George. The ofhceis came frequently to *t>e u*, and ap-
peared to me generally to he veiy lnutli discontented with
their voyage; they had expected to meetseveial Amencan
vessels loaded with lich fuis,an<l had calculated beforehand
their share in the taking ot Astoria. They had met nothing,
and tiieii astonishment was at its height when they saw our
establishment had been tianstened to the Nortlm est Com-
pany , and was under the Butish tlag. It will be sullicnmt
to quote Captain Black's expros-iou to show how much
they were mistaken with regard to us. This Captain landed
m the night; when we showed him the palisado of the
establishment m the moining, he asked if there was not
another lort; and having learnt there was not, he cried out,
with an aii of the gieatest astonishment,' What! is this the
fort ippresented to uie as Jonnniaolc? Good God ! I could
batter it down with a four pounder in two hours.'
"The greater part of the Pacific Fur Company's servants
engaged themselves to the Northwe-t Company. Some
others proierted returning to their country, ami I was among
the latter. Nevertheless., Mr. McTavish having j.itimated
to me that my services would be needed at thu establish-
ment, I engaged myself tor the space of five months, that is
to say, until the setting out of the party winch was to ascend
the rivei m the spring, to go to Canada, by way of the
Rocky Mountains and the rivers of the inteuor. Mesors.
John Stuart and Mackenzie left at the end of the month, the
last to deliver over to the fiist the trading poits which had
been established in the interior by the before-mentioned
company."
This is the way the British got possession of the
Columbia—as a conquesU-accompanied by all the
circumstances of a national act. The Lords of
the Admiralty in London, charged with the naval
operations of the war, plan the expedition, and
plan it against the colony of Mr. Astor, and against
it as an important American colony. They des-
patch a ship of war from London to join a squad-
ron in the Pacific to attack the colony. A ship
from the squadron arrives; finds the goods and
furs sold; is enraged at the loss of the booty, but
finds the American sovereignty of the country re-
maining in the form of a little fort; takes posses-
sion of it as a British conquest; runs up the Brit-
ish flag; christens it in a bottle of rum; and agents
are sent off to the Olcenakan, the Spokan, and
Wahlomath, to deliver up the dependant posts,
and with them the whole valley of the Columbia:
as a conquest the British took it; as a conquest
they held it; as a conquest they agreed to restore
it under the Ghent treaty. And here I will answer
a question which has been put to mc: Does the
right of restoration extend to the whole valley of
the Columbia river, or only to the post at the
mouth of the river? I answer, the whole valley;
and, to parley about anything less is to suffer our-
selves to be bamboozled and disgraced.
I here cease my readings from Mr. Franchere,
satisfied that, upon his testimony, 'I have made out
the fullest and most authentic case of unqualified
British admissions, br acts, of our title to the
Columbia. To these admissions by acts I will now
add admissions by words. For it so happens that
at the time of the negotiations of 1823, at the time
we were offering fifty-five to the British for a north-
ern boundary, and fifty-one for a southern, the
parallel of foriy-nine was the most southern one to
which her claims extended. This was understood
and agreed upon by both parties in 1818,1820, and
1H23; and here is the evidence of it in documents
of unimpeachable authority. I read first from Mr.
Adams to Mr. Rush, July 22d, 1823:
" Previous to the restoration of the settlement at the
mouth ol" the Columbia river m 1818, and a«ain upon thu fir-t
introduction in Coii r,/s.s of the plan lor constituling a t< m-
tonal tiovernnicnr there, some disposition was Manifested
iiy *0't"mullll;i^oi and Mi. Cnnnin^ (Mmi-tor f.( \V.i:-h-
inL'lon) to dispute the right of the United States to thut
uf-talilishinent, mid some vague intimation was given ofBrit-
i-<h claims on the northwest coa-t. The restoiation ol the
place, and the convention ofl8]8, were considered as a final
disposal of Mr. Bagot's objections; and Mr. Canning de-
clined committing to paper those which he had intimated in
conversation."
Two dates and a great fact are here mentioned,
with both of which I was contemporary, and, my
writings of the time will prove, not an inattentive
observer. The nominal restoration of the Colum-
bia, which was, in fact, an empty ceremony, and
the non-execution of the Ghent treaty, in favor of
the west, as it had happened before in the non-ex-
ecution of treaties, which required British western
posts to be given up. That is one date. The in-
troduction of Dr. Floyd's Oregon bill in the House
of Representatives, in 1820-'21, is another of those
dates, and of which i know something. The great
fact is, and my speech of 1824 will" show that I
knew something of thnt, is the vague inumation of
British claims to the Columbia at that time, the re-
fusal of the Minister to write them down, and then-
utter and entire abandonment!
This was done expressly by Mr. Canning, the
Prime Minister of Great Britain, to Mr. Rush, ill
London, in 1823, of which Mr. Rush's despatch
of the 19th January, 1824, bears witness. Here
it is:
" It was an omission in me not to (lave stated in mv com-
munication of the 6th instant what are to he the claims of
Great Britain on the northwest coa« of America, thoti«h a«
vet Mr. Canning has not made tisem known to me form ilk
She will claim, I understand, to a point norihw<ud« above
od, though how much above it I am not now ahh; to sav and
southwarus low down as 49. Whether she designs to
push a claim to the whole of this space with eai neatness I
am also unable as yet to say, hnt wait the more full and ac-
curate disclosure ol her views."
Thus, on the 19th day of January, ij? the
year 1824, the parallel of forty-nine was the
furthest sooth to which the Biutish Minis-
ter, Mr. Canning—a Minister of head, ind of
forty years' experience in public affairs-
proposed to push the British claim.
After this authentic and express admission of
• :the Prime Minister of Great Britain
m 1824, it is hardly excusable to have recourse to
secondary or inferior testimony, however persm
