1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
868
The rales, without a dissentingvoice, so far as
the reporter could hear, were suspended.
And the resolution having thus been received,
was read a first and second time.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF said that, by the general
consentof the House, the resolution could be passed
over informally.
Mr. PRESTON KING suggested the necessity
of commitment, inasmuch as the resolution made
an appropriation of money; and lie moved its refer-
ence to the Committee of the "Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. DROMGOOLE was understood to take the
liberty to suggest to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr.
Brinkerhoff) that the subject should be divided,
so that the thanks of Congress should be tendered
to General Taylor and the army, and tluit hereafter
the gentleman should either bring in a bill or a joint
resolution, appropriating money for the extra pay
contemplated.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF. Let all go together.
The resolution was then referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Hopkins, of Virginia, hi the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the hill
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of Government for the year ending 30th
day of June, 1847, and for other purposes.
The pending question was on the motion of Mr.
Groveh, to amend the bill by striking out the fol-
lowing item:
" For compensation of two keepers of the public
archives in Florida, one thousand dollars."
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
So the item was stricken out.
Mr. D. P. KING renewed the amendment
which he had heretofore ottered to the hill to sup-
ply certain deficiencies in appropriations for the
current year, appropriating the sum of tjWS.OOO to
supply a deficiency in the fund for the relief of sick
and disabled seamen.
Mr. KING enforced the justice and propriety of
the appropriation.
Mr. McKAY opposed it, contending that if the
law of 1798 and 1802, authorizing the collection of
the hospital money, were enforced, an ample fund
would 1)0 realized. He hoped the counmttco
would refuse the appropriation.
Some conversation followed between Mr. KING
and Mr. McKAY as to tho extent (if any) to
which the appropriation had received the endorse-
ment of the department.
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES and Mr. WIN-
THROP briefly sustained tho amendment.
Mr. McGAuGHEY argued that there was no
principle which would justify an appropriation of
this sort.
Mr. E. H. EWING insisted that Congress was
bound to make it.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON argued that no obligation
lay upon Congress to supply any deficiency which
might have been created in this fund.
Mr. HAMLIN contended that the Government
was under obligations to take favorable action oil
the proposition of Mr. Kino. [Mr. H. yielded
for explanation to Mr. SEABORN JONKb.]
Mr. DROMGOOLE spoke briefly in opposition
to the amendment, contending th.it. whether he re-
garded the question as one of right, of power, or of
policy, he could not support tho appropriation.
Mr. FARAN submitted, that if there were a
sufficient number of sailors in the merchant service,
provided the hospital fund of twenty cents a month
were properly collected, to raise sufficient or more
than sufficient money for the purpose needed, the
Government, if it did not see the money properly
collected, was bound to protect those men, and
see that they did not suffer. If the Government
wished to be lelicved from this necessity, let them
take off from the sailor the tax of twenty cents a
month.
The question was then taken, and tho vote stood,
ayes 79, noes 45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The following item being under consideration:
" For the erection and completion of the marine
hospitals at Pittsburg, Louisville, and Cleaveland,
$50,000."
Mr. BOYD moved to amend it by inserting,
after the word "Louisville," the word " Padu-
cah."
Mr. JOSEPH J. McDOWELL desired to move
an amendment, striking out " Louisville," and in-
serting "Cincinnati."
This amendment (the reporter thinks, though he
could not hear distinctly) was not entertained, but
is to he offered hereafter.
Mr. DARRAGII made a few remarks, of the
purport of which nothing could be heard by the
reporter, with the exception of an intention indi-
cated by Mr. D. to increase the appropriation from
§50,000 to 875,000.
Mr. BOY 1) did not object, he said, to such an
amendment; but presumed that it would not be in
order until his own amendment had been dis-
posed of.
Mr. McKAY went into a brief statement of facts
and of the state of tho law connected with these
marine hospitals. The proposition for Paducah
was for a new work. The committee could judge
for itself as to the propriety of having two hospi-
tals in Kentucky.
Mr. BOYl) thought the remarks of the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr, McKay,] seemed
to be an argument against the whole system of
western hospitals. That v/as a distinct question
from his (Mr. B.'s) proposition.
Mr. B. traced the history of this question from
the time memorials first begun to come in for these
hospitals^ to the appointment of the medical board
in 1839, for the selection of sites. Amongst these
selected was Paducah. And Mr. Ii. read an ex-
tract from the teport of the commissioners, show-
ing the importance and eligibility of the selection
of that sue. In 1841, a law was passed autho-
rizing payment for the sites selected. For that at
Paduetih, only $1,000 were paid for a site of ten
acres. At the last moment of the last session, an
appropriation of #125,(100 had been made, under
an amendment of the Kenute, to commence build-
ing tlie.se hospitals—Paducah amongst the rest. A
gentleman raised the question as to the complete-
ness of the title to that site. Tho fiict of its com-
pleteness not being known, Paducah wits dropped.
And that was the only reason. The only question
involved m his motion was, whether Paducah
•should be appropriated for together with tiic other
sites designated in the bill reported by the gentle- ,
man from North Carolina, [Mr. McKay.] The
gentleman said this was a new work. Which of I
these works was not a new one? No money lmil
been expended at Pittsburg, or at Cleveland; and
at Louisville there had scarcely been n beginning.
Mr. 1)AURAG!i explained; (but not a word
was heard on the left of the chair.)
Mr. BU1NKKUHOFF desired to correct the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Bovri,] as to noth-
ing having been done at Cleveland. The foundation
had been laid, llehad himself seen die walls last
fall.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH inquired of Mr. Boyd,
whether the title to the site at Paducah had been
perfected, and had been accepted by the Govern-
ment?
Mr. BOYD. Yes. Tho chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways ami Means, [Air. McKay,] will
so state. That committee were informed by the
report of the Attorney General, that no sort of dif-
ficulty existed on thut score.
Mr. SMITH. Has the deed been received and
accepted, and tho money paid?
Air. BOYD. Yes; under the hand of the Secre-
tary of War. There is no sort of difficulty about
the matter.
Mr. B. now proceeded to remark, that if the
foundations had been commenced at other sites,
that, was the only difference existing between them '
and timt at Puducah; and he contended that that
was in point of fact the most important location of
all. lie insisted that if money was appropriated
for building the hospitals on the other sites desig-
nated, it must be appropriated also for Paducah,
or injustice would be done.
As to the propriety of appropriating money at
all for these objects, that was another and a dis-
tinct question. There was no good reason why
Paducah should be neglected or overlooked, if ap-
propriations were made for the other sites. They
were all purchased at the same time, and he wished
them all to share the same fate. If gentlemen pro-
posed to vote down the whole, that was another
matter.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH said he had no hostility
to Paducah or to Kentucky, and he had the kind-
est feelings for the honorable member who pro-
posed the amendment, [Mr. Boyd ;] but still he
felt himself bound, to oppose all appropriations for
liospitala until a full examination, had been made
of eligible sites in Illinois. He contended that
Caledonia, in Illinois, was a better site for a hos-
pital than Paducah; but all he asked for IUinois
was a fair examination of the many eligible and
favorable sites in that State; and if it was not
clearly shown that there was a better one there
than Paducah, he would cease all opposition, and
go for Paducah. At the last session of the 28th
Congress he had introduced resolutions—which
were referred to the Committees on Commerce and
Naval Affairs—inquiring into the expediency of an
examination of certain sites in Illinois, with refer-
ence to erecting marine hospitals. Whilst he did
not charge any improper influences as operating
upon these committees, so it was, he could get no
favorable action from them in relation to the ex-
amination. Illinois, when the former examination
had been made, was sparsely populated, and had
only three members in this Hall; and hence, in all
these matters the older and more fully represented
States had engrossed everything. He considered
these hospitals for the benefit of the whole West;
and before the money of the people was expend-
ed, a full and thorough examination should be
made. This was due to "his constituents and to
the whole Stute. He argued that an examination
would show many better sites for hospitals than
Paducah within his district; and until all the facts
could be fully shown, he would be compelled to
vote against the amendment.
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS moved an amend-
ment to insert the word " Natchez," so as to pro-
vide also for a hospital at Natchez.
This spot had been examined; it had been re-
ported on by those who were commissioned to do
it; the lot had been purchased; and the only rea-
son why it was not included in this bill was, that
nothing had been appropriated towards making
the hospital. He pointed out the advantages of
this location, and protested against discrimination
being made against it, when it was far better
adapted to the accommodation of sick and disabled
seamen than other points they were providing for.
Ho was willing to strike these appropriations all
out; but, while they were retained, he wished
equal justice done to all.
Mr. THOMASSON briefly urged the merits of !
the hospital at Louisville, and the obligation of
Congress, resulting from its previous legislation,
to make appropriation for it. He favored, also,
the scheme of an hospital at Paducah, subscribing
fully to all his colleague [Mr. Boyd] had said with
reference to its importance, and giving his views
with reference to others which had been proposed.
In the course of his remarks he yielded for ex-
ijAVI™ °r "lfiuiry t0 Mr' and Mr* J*
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, advocated
the amendment of Mr. Davis, and warmly urged
the importance of the location of Natchez. If
there was any one place in the West which should
not be neglected, it was this; if there was anyone
wluch should meet with favor, it should be one
below the large tributary streams of the Missis-
sippi. He asked it not for the benefit of his con-
stituents, except to prevent them from contributing
out o their own pockets for the support of thos,e
disabled seamen who may be thrown upon them,
lhe amount they had already contributed for this
purpose would be incredible m this House. But
it was for the benefit of the boatmen of the upper
portion of the whole West that an hospital was de-
manded at this point.
TmTJnonw6 ??"VmSat'on ensued between Mr.
THOMPSON, Mr THOMASSON, Mr. BOYD,
Mr J. DAVIS, and Mr. DAIIRAGH, with refer-
ence principally to the question whether the Gov-
hoS ^NaSrzd a title f0r the l0Cati0n of this
Mr. J. H. EWING inquired of Mr. Thompson
was unconstitutional to appropriate money for
clearing out and improving rivers, how it could be
upon t'hem" '° appi'°Priate for bulldi g hospitals
Mr. THOMPSON (continuing) remarked that
he inferred from the question that the gentleman
«>et W , J™
