864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
the question of clearing out rivers. But to state I
frankly his views, lie thought this taking care of .
these boatmen up and down the river properly be- 1
longed to the internal police of each town. It was,
however, a matter that Congress, by its past action,
had taken the guardianship of; and while he was
anxious that they should keep within proper
bounds, yet, if appropriations were to be made,
(and he conceived theie was 110 doubt about that,)
he insisted that they should be so made as to do the
most good for those for whom they were intended.
Mr, GRIDER said a word, in advocacy of the
claims of Paduoah to the proposed appropriation.
Mr. MeKAY said if Paducah was inserted, it
would involve the necessity of an addition of
§35,000 to the amount of this appropriation. He
explained that the Committee of Ways and Means
hud inserted the appropriation for the three hospi-
tals named in the bill, in accordance with the de-
cision of Congress at the last session, that hospitals
should there be built, but objected to the building
of a second hospital in Kentucky at present. If
this system were to go on of building hospitals at
every port, they would soon have some two or
three, hundred to provide for—that being the num-
ber of ports in the United States,
Mr. TIBBATTS thought the conclusion of Mr,
McKay meoncet, and denied that the appropria-
tion asked for was for the peculiar benefit either of
Paducah, Louisville, or the Stateof Kentucky, but
of the citizens of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and all
the western States who were interested m the navi-
gation of the Mississippi.
Mr. JOSEPH J. McDOWELL agreed, in some
measure, with Mr. McKay, and considered it im-
practicable and unnecessary to build hospitals at
every point on the Ohio. Tfe adverted to the im-
portance of Cincinnati, the largest city of the West,
as (he seat of one, and said it deserved an appro-
priation more than any other point, except per-
haps New Orleans. Cincinnati had now a marine
hospital, which was put up by her own exertions,
and her own money. It did not afford, however,
sufficient accommodations; and ten or twelve thou-
sand dollars, appropriated to enlarge it, would be
most usefully expended, and would render unne-
cessary more than one in Kentucky. If they went
on in this manner, the banks of the Ohio and the
Mississippi would be studded with these hospitals;
whereas, the better policy was to make them suffi-
ce ntly spacious, and confine them to a smaller
number.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Dwis and it was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment of Mr.
Boyd, was taken, and no uuorum voted.
The committee rose, and reported that fact.
A motion was made that the House adjourn;
which motion, by yens G9, nays was icjected.
[A quorum present.]
Mr. WOODWORTH moved a reconsidemtion
of the vote by whit h the ] louse had heretofore re-
jected the bill for the relief of the owner and crew
of the schooner h'lorilla."
haltered on the jounutl.
Mr. JOKEIMI'J. McDOWKLL, in pursuance
of pievious notice, asked leave to introduce a bill;
and leave having been icfused, made an ineffectual
motion to suspend the rules for that purpose.
EX10CUTIVE C0MMUNICATJONS.
The SPEAKER hud before the House the fol-
lowing Executive communications:
A letter from the Secretory of War, transmitting
arepoit in compliance with the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 16th instant, of
"the result of such examinations us ha\e been
made by the officers of the Topographical Buicau
of the luuboi of Sandusky Bay, on Lake Erie,"
with a plan and estimate for the improvement of
(hat harbor, &c.; which was laid upon the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in obedience to the resolutions of the
Iiouse of Representatives, passed the 16th instant,
a statement of the number of vessels employed m
the revenue service, their tonnage, and armament
respectively; the number, grade, pay, and rations
of the officers, with the dates of their original and
present commissions; the number, pay, and rations
of the petty or forward officers; the number, pay,
and rations of seamen, and others employed on
board of said vessels, the annual cost of that branch
of the revenue service, and how the force is at pre-
sent employed; which was laid upon the table.
| A letter from the Secretary of State, transmitting,
| in compliance with the resolutions of the House
of Representatives of the 16th instant, a report of
the sums of money which have been paid to Ben-
jamin E. Green and William M. Blackford, as sec-
| retaries of legation, charges des affaires, or bearers
j of despatches, (&c.; which letter and report were
laid upon the table.
And the Iiouse adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 2G, 1846-
Mr. DIX presented die memorial of A. B. Du-
rand and other artists, praying that Samuel F. B.
Morse, the inventor of the magnetic telegraph,
may be employed by the Government to execute
a painting for one of the vacant panels in the ro-
tundo of the Capitol; which was referred to the
Committee on the Library.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Hughes,
Brothers, & Co., merchants in the city of New
York, piaymg the repayment of duties alleged
to have been illegally exacted of them by the col-
lector of that port; which was referred to tiie
Committee mi 1< innnee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
petition of Oscar 1(\ Pitnam, praying compensation
for his services m transporting the mail; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HANNEUAN asked leave to withdraw
from the files of ihe Senate the petition and papers
of Samuel and James Smith; which was granted.
Mr. LEWIS asked leave to withdraw from the
files of the Senate the petition and papers of Jacob
B. Clark; which was granted.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be mstiueted to inquire into the expediency
of providing by law for distributing among the
ollieeis and soldiers of the army the value of any
public piopcriy captuied by them l\om the enemy.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate have
leave tw return to the Secretary of War the ori-
ginal despatches of General Taylor, which accom-
panied the message of the President of the 18th
instant.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. PENNYBACKER, pursuant to notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a hill to au-
thorize the clerks of the circuit and district courts
of the United Stales for the western district of Vir- j
gtnia to appoint deputies, and for other purposes; 1
which was read a first and second time, and refer-
red to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BAGUY, pursuant to notice, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill to relinquish to the
Stale of Alabama the public lands remaining unsold
in that State on the 1st of January, 184U; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill supplementary to an act to
amend an act entitled u An act to continue in force
4 an act to protect the commerce of the United States,
' and alt>o to make further provisions for punishing
' the crimeof piracy,"approved 13th of May, 1830;
which was read, and passed to the second reading;
tin; accompanying report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on tne Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill to increase the compen-
sation of deputy surveyors in Arkansas; which
was read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. A. also, from the same committee, reported
a joint icsolution icspecting the maps and charts of
the surveys of the boundary lines of the United
States of America with foreign States; which was
read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. A. fuither, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill relative to the July term (if the circuit
and district courts of the district of Ohio; which
was read, and passed to the second reading.
On motion of Mr. A., the bill was then read a
second time, considered as in committee of the
whole, reported back without amendment, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read a third
time, una passed.
The joint resolution for the relief of Putney &
Riddle was read a third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the Senate resumed the consideration of the bill to
amend the act approved June 17, 1844, entitled
" An act to provide for the adjustment of 4and
< claims within the States of Missouri, Arkansas,
« and Louisiana, and in those parts of the States
* of Mississippi and Alabama south of the 31st
' degree of north latitude, and between the Mis-
i sissippi and Perdido rivers."
After a conversational debate upon the bill, in
which Senators JARNAGIN, SEVIER, SEM-
PL&, JOHNSON of Louisiana, and BREESE,
took part, the adoption of sundry amendments,
and an explanation of the bill by Mr. JARNA-
GIN, and no further amendments being proposed,
the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
THE All MY INCREASE OF GENERALS.
Mr. DIX moved that the Senate should proceed
to the consideration of the bill supplementary to
the act providing for the prosecution of the exist-
ing war between the United States and Mexico;
which motion was agreed to.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Atchison,
providing that the officers proposed to be appointed
by the bill shall be dismissed from the service at
the close of the war, or within three months there-
after, being in order—
Mr. DIX made a few observations in reply to
what had been said by the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Manuum] yesterday, as to the ne-
cessity for an increase m the number of general
officers. We have now three Generals—one Ma-
jor General and two Brigadier Generals. Our
regular army comprises fifteen regiments, to which
two have been added, increasing our rank and file
to about seventeen thousand men. It was tho gen-
eral practice in Europe to give a brigadier general
to every two regiments, and a major general to
every four regiments. This was the organization
of the army. At the close of the year 1813 our
army amounted to thirty-five thousand, and
the number of general officers was twenty-four—
six Major Generals, sixteen Brigadier Generals,
and two Brevet Brigadier Generals. This was in
the proportion of one general officer to every
seventeen hundred men. He contended that the
true principle of action in relation to this matter
was, to make the organisation of the army as. per-
fect as possible at the commencement of the war.
It was quite possible (he said) that, before the
month of June was over, there would be ten thou-
sand volunteers upon the banks of the Rio Grande;
and the presence of a number of general officers
would be necessary to organize those troops, and
to bring them into the field.
in regiud to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Missouri, he believed that, under
such a provision, it would be nearly impossible to
obtain the sort of men that it would be desirable to
appoint. He would venture to say that no officer
at present in the army would accept the promotion
under such circumstances—the condition being an
abandonment of the army at the close of the war.
General Taylor was the colonel of a regiment, and
a Brigadier General by brevet. He had been thirty-
nine years in the service. Would he be satisfied to
accept a commission on die condition that he should
surrender it at the termination of the war? Would
it be a suitable return for the gallant services he
has rendered the country, and the devotion of his
whole life to his profession ? And he appealed
to the Senator from Missouri to say whether it
would be a proper reward for the services of any
meritorious officer, who had devoted his lifetime
to the service, to tender him this rank with a pros-
pect of being thrown out of the army altogether at
the close of the wai ? He trusted that the amend-
ment would not prevail.
Mr. MOREHEAD said he thought there was a
good deal of force in what had been said by the
Senator from New York; and yet the Senator must
recollect that there was still a greater difficulty;
that a great injustice would be dene to those offi-
cers of the army who were situated as General
Taylor was situated. After devoting a whole life
to the service, and after having signally distinguish-
ed themselves, as General Taylor had recently dis-
tinguished himself, he thought it would hardly
be consistent with what was due them by the
country to pass a bill by which an officer taken
from private life should be placed over their
heads. It would not do to tell him that the
President would be compelled, in justice to the
claims of so gallant an officer, to give him the bigh-
