866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sy26,
general officers at the present moment. _ ITe thought
it was not only unnecessary, but unwise and inju-
dicious. There were already general officers by
brevet sufficient to command not only the regular
army, but any accession ot force that it would be
necessary to employ. Was it intended that these
men. whose li\cs had been devoted to the public
service, and who had hitherto shown that they
were entitled to confidence, should be superseded ?
Was there any man of honor belonging to the mil-
itaiy sen ice, though his daily bread depended on
it who would submit to have a man taken from
private life appointed over his head? lie would
admit that it required peculiar talent to conduct an
army successfully, imd that mere military discipline
was quite distinct from this capacity. He was in
favor of no measure that would, to use the expres-
sion of the Senator from Ohio, denationalize the
army. How many skilful generals might be pro-
duced fiom the warlike West he could not under-
take to say; doubtless it was a mine that contained
the richest diamond**, but the mine required to bo
worked nnd the gems to he polished nnd tested.
Men of ability would doubtless come into the ser-
vice from the various States; and the Government,
if it were wise and sagacious, would permit no
talent and no heroism to go unrewarded. ITe
hoped yet to hear the chairman of the Military
Committee demonstrate the fact, if there be not a
sufficient number of general ofliccrs already, and
whether he did not believe that there was more of
the true requisites of a commander of an army to
he found amongst them than could he found any-
where in the ranks of private life.
He presumed there was no service in the world
that could present higher discipline, greater ability,
or more indomitable courage. He had a proper
degree of confidence in the Executive, that he,
would make judicious selections, but he thought
it would be as well to let competition exist and let
an officer's mettle be tested before high appoint-
ments were made. He was opposed to a restric-
tion of appointments; for if another Jackson should
start forth from the ranks, the public would re-
quire that his invaluable services should be secured
in the station where those services would be most
efficient. He was willing to vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri, provided it
were modified so that it should apply only to those
who might he, appointed from private Iif<\
Mr. BRNTON then row and ^nid, that in hi^
opinion the Senate was not acting wisely in going
beyond the appointment of the officer'?,"and Totris- I
luting with respect to their reduction and discharge, i
The only way to do business m this world wim to ;
do what at the present time was required, nnd to i
leave to those who were to come after that which j
properly belonged to them, The reduction of the !
officers would come up in its own time and pl scc, :
and ought to be left to the patriotism and wisdom j
of the day when action was necessary. to the •
nominations, they would be sent in to the Senate., \
and then it would be time enough to argue about |
their propriety. The Senate was weakening itself i
by its present course, by thus proceeding before- j
hand. When the time for reduction came, it would
be found that some desired to retire. There were I
examph s of that at the e'ose of the last v. ar. Gen- j
oral Jackson was one of them. Others might he ]
called to high office in the State; to others a rivil J
appointment might be quite agreeable. Abundant j
means of effecting a reduction, equitable nnd also I
agreeable to the. feelings of all parties, would pre- I
sent themselves ar the time when reduction was ;
necessary. He, hoped, then, that the present con- !
troversy about the mode of getting rid of the officers I
at the end of the war would he dropped, and that '
the Senate would confine itself to the propriety of j
appointing them now. The number of general ■
officers recommended was the smallest possible. '
There were now fifteen thousand regular troops;
and supposing only half of the volunteer force 1
authorized were raised and brought into the field,
there would be in all an army of forty thousand j
men, forming twenty brigades, and for which the !
regular provision would be, of course, twenty four '
brigadier generals. Mr. B. pointed out the extreme j
inconvcnicnce of giving the command of a brigade 1
to the senior colonel. His own regiment had his i
sympathies—the men were his children. It would '
be impossible to expect that he should administer
equal justicc to both regiments. But to a brigadier
general both regiments are the same. It was im-
possible to tell how many general officers were !
needed in active service. The mere appearance of
a general on the field often decidea an action.
They would have twenty-five regiments, and twelve
brigadier generals would be necessary. But? the
committee had stopped short of that, and short of
what, in his judgment, the service required. Vol-
unteer troops, ne need hardly say, required a
greater number of officers than regularly disciplined
troops. Then, again, generals were wanted who
would look to the authority which appointed them.
Political talent more than mere military skill was
needed to conduct an invasion successfully. There
was apolitical policy to be understood and pursued,
and to which the military operations were to be
subordinate and secondary. That policy could
emanate only from the head—from the Govern-
ment, which was the director and guide. The
agents in carrying out that policy must all be sub-
ordinate to the head, and feel bound by the greatest
obligation, and the highest sanction, to carry out
the policy of the Government. In order to he effi-
cient, it was neeesary that the general officers
should all be placed on an equal footing in every
point of view. It would not do to place some of
them in a position of mere hangers-on. All should
be enabled to look to service in the field as the only
standard of merit. Ho was altogether opposed to
any limitation of the tune ofservicc. If temporary,
no colonel would accept the appointment, and the
selection would be necessarily limited to citizcns,
who would take precedencc of officers who had
been thirty or forty years in the service.
Mr. WEBSTER inquired if the Senator from
Missouri regarded the augmentation of the number
of general officers as necessary for the regular army
of the United States ?
Mr. BENTON said he. did not consider the in-
crease necessary for the regular army. Ho calcu-
lated that about one-half of the 50,000 volunteers
would be attached to the army.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, then moved as
an amendment, that (he following clause be added:
" Except sifh of said appointments as shall have
< been made from the line of the army;" and made
some remarks in support of if.
Mr, CASS followed in support of the bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN agreed that a mere per-
sonal question should not be mixed up with the
general question. They were to discriminate be-
tween the regular service and one such an was now
called into existence. The object was to unite
them in the most efficient manner. Tfe thought
that it ought not to 1 >0 adopted as a general rule,
that the appointments were to be made, from the
army alone. That would be to shut out the twenty
millions and take only the few thousands. The
question was whether the two forces should be so
united as that the temporary would not interfere
with that intended to be permanent. 7'he Pres-
ident, therefore, ought to be unrestricted in his se-
lection. Where was the difficulty of 90 arranging
it as that those taken into the service now, should
be disposed of at the close of the war ? They were
not employed "for a job." The Constitution said
there were to be no standing armies. The soldiers
were enlisted—the officers received commissions—
"for the war/' Those on the permanent estab-
lishment were not to be displaced by those taken
into employment now. He did not see the neces-
sity of the increased number of generate, but that
point he deferred to the better experience of others.
Nor was it very important, perhaps. Itwasat all
events proper to give the Executive all the reason-
able means it desired at this crisis. He did not
see why the amendment separating the rights and
pretensions of the two classes of officers, should
not be adopted. By adopting it the interests of all
were promoted and secured. The cessation of the
commission of the new generals met exactly the
exigency of the ease.
Mr. SIMMONS did not see the propriety of
precluding the, award of the nation's gratitude
from being given to the officers at the close of
the war. It appeared to him that the general offi-
cers should be increased according to the necessity
of the case.
Mr. WEBSTER next addressed the Senate.
From the best reflection he had been able to give
the subject, it was his opinion that the first section
should be allowed to stand just as it was. He saw
more difficulty in making any modification of it,
than in taking it just as it was. The amendment
of the Senator from Maryland would appear very
just and reasonable—that was, taking his amend-
mont with^ that of which iVwas amendment,
the provision would be, that those who come in
as general officers, rtot from the'line of the army, '
should consider themselves" as terminating their
services at the end. of the war. He did not say
that there was any injustice in that, but he could
well conceive that it might lead to great personal^ ,
injustice and inconvenience, because one of, thesa'%.
brigadier generals coming from civil life might de-
velop such talent that he would be the very last
man whose services the country would desire to>
lose. He did not think they could foresee events;
lie did not think-that they could foresee the devel-
opment of military character so- clearly as to be
able to prescribe any rule which it would be-jneces-
sary to adopt when the time came for the reduc-
tion of the army. With regard, therefore, to the-
first section, he would, with all respect to the gen-
tlemen better informed, who had token a different
view of it, vote for it just as it was. Without
intending any formal opposition to any other part
of this bill, he would say that he would have much
preferred that a different view had been taken of
the means of raising an army for the temporary
and occasional purpose created by the present
state of affairs. He knew very well what had
been the history of their legislation on the sub-
ject of using1 the militia of the States ever since
the adoption of this Constitution. The practice
was borrowed from the revolutionary period,
and had been continued with some very decided
advantages, but also many serious disadvantages-
much unpleasant collision, as they knew. Now,
it appeared to him that thev would have acted
somewhat more wisely if they had proceeded
upon the true line of their policy, as prescribed
by the Constitution. They were authorised to
raise and support armies, bound by no rule but
the discretion of Congress. That was a large, and
broad, and unqualified power. Congress was also
authorized by the Constitution to call forth the mi-
litia of the States—for the militia was the militia of
the States—to repel invasion, suppress insurrec-
tions, and execute the laws. In the present bill,
and that passed the other day, these persons were
spoken of as volunteers. All were volunteers in
the militia proper—all were volunteers in the ser-
vice of the United States—unless it were the militia
of the Slates, called into the service of the United
States for the exigency provided for in the Consti-
tution, and that service was compulsory—the only
compulsory service under this Government. In
his opinion, then, it would have been better to hav'e-
hnd all the military forces, regular or provisional,
employed and paid by the Government of the Uni-
ted Suites, officered by the United States Govern-
ment. In other words, it appeared to him that it
would have been more consistent with the ac-
knowledged power of Congress if these troops had
been called into the service, and the officers been
commissioned by Congress itself, leaving them
just as much volunteers as they now were. lie
had heard no objection to that except that the prac-
tice in the States had been that the volunteers se-
lected their company officers, and that by the latter
the field officers were selected. That eould be done
just as well in aprovisional army, under the sanc-
tion of alaw of Congress, as not. But there would
always be considerable inconvenience m having
forces paid by the United Stales and commissioned
by State authority. He did not know how far
they might be able to go on with that system, and
avoid some great inconvenience. The bill autho-
rized the President to accept the service of citizens
by regiments, battalions, squadrons, and compa-
nies. A brigade was to consist of two regiments—
one might be raised in Ohio and the Other in In-
diana. The service of these regiments is accept-
ed—w]io was to command them? According to
the proposed law the President was to designate
the general officer out of the militia of the States.
What did that come to? Why, to this: that a
brigadier general of Indiana—a brigadier only by
State authority—commands the Ohio troops- in
the service of the United States! It struck h|m
that a serious difficulty thus lay in _ their way.
The brigadier commanding these regiments, thus
designated by the President, was not to come be-
fore the Senate. He was not to derive his author-
ity from the Government of the "United States. He
could easily foresee that they could not go on long
with such a system without great hinderance and
obstruction. ^Nevertheless it was not, ash© had
said, his purpose to offer any formal opposition to
