1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
that it did not, the amendment was ruled out of
order, inasmuch as appropriations in the general
appropriation bill could only ho for objects pre-
viously sanctioned by law.
Mr. BOWLIN then presented the following:
" For the purchase of a site, or a site and build-
4 ings, as the President^ of the United States may
* deem best, for a marine hospital at or near the
* city of St. Louis, Missouri, the sum of seven
* thousand four hundred and sixty eight dollars,
* being the same sum heretofore appropriated for a
* like purpose, by the act of Congress approved
* August 29, 1842, and reverting to the treasury
* without being applied to the purposes for which
6 it was appropriated."
Mr. BOWLIN-explained that in 1837 Congress
had appropriated seventy thousand dollars for the
expenses of a board of commissioners, who were
to select and purchase proper sites for marine hos-
pitals on the western waters. That board, in ful-
filling its duties, had fixed on St. Louis as one of
the sites, and had contracted for the proper site;
but, owing to delays which had occurred in closing
the transaction, the money appropriated had re-
verted to the treasury, the object of the present
amendment was to re-appropnato the necessary
sum.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment not to be in
order.
Mr. GROVER now moved to strike out the
whole item as amended.
Mr. GROVER expressed surprise at the favor
which these appropriations for hospitals* seemed
now to roceivc, and stud he should have had little
doubt at the commencement of the session, that a
motion to strike out such ari appropriation would
hav^ received a vole of two-thiids of this House.
He denied that there was constitutional power to
justify this system. Under what clause of the
Constitution would gentlemen find authority to
make appropriations fiom the treasury of the Gov-
ernment to support these poor-houses, which are
dignified with the name of marine hospitals, at
various points? lie examined, and aigued to
show the fallacy of those aigunicnts by which it
might be attempted to infer this power under the
clauses of the Constitution authoring Congress
to declare war, and to regulate commerce and other
clauses; and contended for a strict construction of
the Constitution, which would utterly reject all
such appropriations.
In addition, it was unjust. Those citizens who
lived at the heads, and on the great channels of
commcrc.e., who enjoyed all the means of wealth
arising from trade, commerce, and Cravcl, should
support their own poor-houses. He protested
against the taxing his constituents, and all of the
interior of the country, who had to support their
own poor, and those who w.ere occasionally thrown
among them, to aid these favored portions of the
country for similar expenses. He ridiculed the
appeals frequently made iu behalf of such appro-
priations, such as that of " generosity," upon
which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Thom-
asson] urged the appropriation for his State yes-
terday. "Generosity!" It might be to those
portions which received the money, but robbery to
his constituents. This Government had no more
right to build these poor-houses in Louisville, Ph-
clucah, &c.,„.than in China. If this disgraceful
scramble for Government advantages and for Gov-
ernment patronage, at different points, was to be
continued, why they of New York would want
hospitals erected on the line of their great channel
of commerce, the Erie canal, at Utica, Buffalo,
&c. No; he thanked God they did not want
them. New York Was not contaminated with
poor-houses built by the General Government.
She asked not for them.
He dissented from the general policy of this
system of collections for seamen—this system of
exacting twenty cents per month of all the sea-
men of our country, for their whole lives, because
some of their number might be sick and in need
at some time. He urged, that improvidence and
extravagance would most certainly follow in the
expenditures, and insisted that those who wanted
marine hospitals—as those who wanted the chan-
nels of commerce cleared out—should do it for
themselves, as it would then be done at a much
lower rate, and as the expense, sooner or later,
by direct or indirect tax, must come upon the
people.
fie denounced the general system of extravagant
appropriations, which was too widely favored in
Congress by many, in order to make a pretext for
continuing in force the present system of oppres-
sive taxation. But, as we had a war on hand, we
should get rid of our.money. If heavy expenses
would keep' up the tariff, it would be kept up.
They need not, therefore, resort to these lavish and
indiscriminate expenditures for " marine .hospi-
tals," internal improvements, &c. He hoped to
see the time when this system of expenditures, if
continued, would " return to vex the tormentors;"
and that when a deficiency arose from this source,
that it would be supplied by a direct tax. If there
was a deficiency in the revenue, instead of keeping
up the tariff and taxing the poor man's tea and
coffee, and other necessaries, and compelling him
to pay more largely than the rich for the support
of this system of extravagance, he hoped that his
friend, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, would reach our John Jacob Astors
and Abbott Lawrences by a direct tax, and he
would vote for it. The moment we collected live
millions by a direct tax, then faiewell to all your
improvident legislation. The people would ask,
then, what we wanted the money for; and when
they were told, "0! it is for n poor-house at
Cleveland, at Louisville, for the continuation of the
Cumberland road, for the clearing out of the Mus-
cle Shoals in Tennessee river," &c., they would
soon put their veto on these extravagances, and on
the men who favored them. Tie argued at some
length, and -warmly, against this class of appro-
priations, and against the manner of log-rolling by
which they were carried through—the connecting
one appropriation with another—the attempting to
buy up the South Carolina men by sticking in an
appropriation for Charleston harbor, and then ho-
ping to have their aid to slide a bill through of an
entirely unconstitutional character, lie repiesent-
ed the urgency of attention to the tariff now. We
were in war, it was said; but that was no reason
why we should not cease to do evil and learn to do
well, and relieve the country from the evils of this
oppressive and iniquitous tariff.
lie warmly appealed to the Democratic delega-
tion from New York', as well as the entire party in
Congress, to join as one man in the support of this,
and the accompanying, measures of rigid economy
in the expenditures of Go\ eminent and extensive
reforms. lie hoped that they would vote to strike
out these poor-houses, and in this that they would
see an earnest that they were coming back to first
principles—to what was honest and just, (and they
had a long road to travel.) If this course was not
taken by the whole Democratic party, he confessed
he should blush when he got back to his constitu-
ents, and know not what apology to make. Id
conclusion, he renewed his appeal to his colleagues
to go with uniformity in behalf of these principles—
the great principles of economy and reform to which
the Democratic party was pledged—and to resist
all improper appropriations, whether their own
districts were to be benefited by them or not—the
more if so, as they would then exhibit greater
moral firmness, and more patriotic constancy and
devotion to principle.
Mr. PAYNE, of Alabama, said ho had signified
his intention to make the motion which had been
made by the gentleman from New York, who had
just taken his scat. The gentleman, however, had
been pronounced in order; and Mr. P. was happy
that it had so happened, for lie had certainly made
one of the best speeches which had been heard in
that House this session. The speech had the more
value, as coming from the great and powerful State
! of New York, a State whose representation, if it
could be thoroughly united in that House, would
be almost irresistible; thrown, as it would be* into
the proper scale. Mr. P. heartily united with the
gentleman in the ardent hope he had expressed, that
on the great questions which yet lay before the
House, the Democracy of New York would be
found as one man; should that most desirable end
be attained, Mr. P. feltpersuaded that a great good
would have been achieved.
The gentleman from New York was mistaken
in supposing that the right to make appropriations
for these marine hospitals could be claimed under
the war power of the Constitution. They had no
connexion with a state of war. Those men who
were wounded in battle or who sickened during a
campaign never would' come into these establish-
ments. The right was claimed under another
power of the Constitution—the power granted to
Congress to regulate commerce; a power which
Mr. P. supposed was indispensable, had, in his
opinion, proved more fruitful of evil than any other
in that whole instrument. Did a party desire the
establishment of a National Bank, they immediate-
ly sought to justify it under the power to regulate
commerce, 'Did they seek to exercise the power
of internal improvements by the General Govern-
ment, this power was their first resort. Did they
want to dig a canal or build a railroad, they came
to the same clause to find constitutional power; and
now a proposition was introduced to erect marine
hospitals on our rivers on the same footing, and
the House was engaged in a wretched squabble
between different points, each contending for a
share in the spoil. Mr. P. thought that if it was
proper to erect such an institution anywhere, it
ought to be placed at Natchez, or at some point
below the mouth of the Arkansas. But he utterly
denied the existence of the power itself. Once
admit it, and where was it to stop?
The gentleman from New York had denomi-
nated the hospitals poor-houses, and such in fact
they were. If it was lawful to erect them on our
rivers, why was it notequally lawful to erect them
in the interior of the c6untry? Why might not
Congress fix one in every county ? If this power
to regulate commerce was to be interpreted in this
way, it would soon come to be understood as au-
thorizing the Government, to purchase commercial
steamboats; and the next step, he supposed, would
be the purchase of farms; and, finally, the mate-
rials of commence would be purchased by Govern-
ment also. This process of usurping unconstitu-
tional powers was one which proceeded by de-
grees; a bold, and open, and avowed attack on
their liberties would always be resisted by the peo-
ple. It could only be by insidious attempts, by
small but unperccivcd advances, that their rights
could be undermined, until, while they were lulled
in security, their whole liberty would be destroy-
ed. Mr. P. insisted that it was high time to place
some limits to this power„of appropriating money.
Possibly a resort to direct taxation might be the
best and the only remedy for the evil. How that
might bo he did not know; but of one thing lie
was very cert.iin, that the system of collecting
revenue by indirect taxation tended powerfully to
corruption. The people did not resist it, because
they did not feel the burdens they endured. They
knew that they were taxed, but no man knew
what amount of tax he did pay* Still, Mr. -P.
would not quarrel so much with this mode of
collecting revenue if taxes were laid for revenue
only.
This led him to present a question which he did
not much like to ask, but which he felt it his duty
to put, and that was, whether anything was to be
done this session on the subject of our present
revenue system? That was a question that was
asked everywhere throughout our country. A re-
form of the existing system was demanded, as he
believed, by nine-tenths of the Democracy of the
country; and yet seven months have now passed
by and no effort was made to meet that demand.
A bill indeed had been reported some six weeks
ago. It had been laid on the Clerk's table, and
there it still slept in the deep silence of the tomb.
He hoped that Congress would yet be aroused
from its supineness on this subject. He trusted
they should not give it the go-by. He fervently
hoped that a democratic House of Representatives
was not about to disappoint the well-founded ex-
pectations of the people.
Mr. P. had heard the Baltimore Convention re-
fened to as declaring the foundations of the Dem-
ocratic faith, and he had witnessed earnest calls
on the Democracy to march up to the line there
marked out. Withoutattempting to decide wheth-
er a convention, called for other objects, had a
right to undertake to regulate the legislation of the
country, he would say that, when an issue was
made by such an assembly, and that same issue
was afterwards embodied in a bill before that
House, it was the solemn duty of every man who
approved the doings of the convention to redeem
his pledge when called to act upon a bill.
Now, the Democratic party had pledged itself
at Baltimore on. the subject of the tariff, and Mr.
P. since then had travelled in various States of the
Union, and had found the Democracy everywhere
unanimous m demanding that Xhat pledge should
be met. Foi* himself, he united cordially with the
Representatives of the great Democratic party in
