1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
871
A BILL supplemental to an act entitled <e An act providing
for the prosecution of the existing war between the Uni-
ted States and the Republic of Mexico," and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted hjthe Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the President of the United States be, and he hereby is, au-
thorized to appoint, Jay and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, two major-generals and four brigadier-generals
in addition to the present military establishment.
Sec. 9. -And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States- ha, and he hereby is, authorized to call
into the service, under the act approved May thirteen,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, such of the geneial officers
of the militia as the service, m his opinion, may require;
and to organize into brigades and divisions the forces autho-
rized by said act, according to his discretion.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the field and staff
of a separate battalion of volunteers, under the said act,
shall be one lieutenant colonel or major, one adjutant, with
the rank of lieutenant, one sergeant major,, one quartermas-
ter sergeant, and a chief bugler or principal musician, ac-
cording to corps.
Sec. 4. Jindbeitfurther enacted;, That the President of the
United States inay limit the privates in any volunteer com-
pany, according to hi«5 discretion, at from sixty-tour to one
hundred; and that with every volunteer company an addi-
tional second lieutenant may be allowed and'accepted.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That when volunteers
. or militia are called into the service of the United States in
such numbers that the officers of the quartermaster, com-
missary, and medical departments, authorized bylaw, be
not sufficient to provide for supplying, quartering, trans-
porting, and furnishing them with the requisite medical at-
tendance, it shall be lawful for the President to appoint, with
the advice and consent of the Senate, as many additional
officers of said departments as the seivice may require, not
exceeding one quartermaster and one commissary for each
brigade, with the rank of major, and one assistant quartei-
ii) aster, with the rank of captain, one assistantenmimssaiy,
with the rank of captain, one surgeon, and one assistant
surgeon, for each regiment; the said quartermasters and
commissaries, assistant quartermasters and assistant com-
missaries to give bonds, with good and sufficient sureties,
for the faithful performance of their duties; arid they and the
said suigeons and assistant surgeons to perform such duties
as the President shall direct* Provided, Thru the said offi-
ce! s shall be allowed the same pay and emoluments as are
now allowed to officer* ot the same descriptions and grades
in those departments respectively; that they he subject to
the rules and articles of war, and continue in scrvice only
so long as their services shall be required, in connexion
with the militia and volunteers.
Sec. 6. JJnd he it further enacted, That promotion, in the
quartermaster's department, to the rank of major, shall
hereafter be made from the captains of the army, and that
appointments in the line, and in the general s-taff, wlueh
confer equal rank in the army, shall not be held by the
same officer at the same time; and when any officer of the
Staff, who may have been taken from the; line, bh;ill, in vir-
tue of seniority, have obtained, or brt entitled to, promotion
to a grade in his regiment equal to the commission lie may
hold in the staff, the said officer shall vacate such staff com-
mission, or he may, at his option, vacate his commission in
the line.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be~itfurther enacted, That the aids-de-camp
of the major general commanduig the army in tune of war
may be taken fi om the line, without regard to rank; and the
aids-de-camp allowed to otner major generals and brigadier
generals maybe taken from the grade of captain Or subaltern j
and that the commanding or highest general in rank may,
while in the field, appbint a military secretary from the sub-
alterns of the army, who shall have the pay and emoluments
of a major of cavalry for the time being.
Sec.'8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the allowance for
clothing to each non-commissioned musician and private of
volunteers shall be three dollars and fifty cents per month
during the time he shall be in the service of the United
States.
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enact ed, That the non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates, of volunteers and
militia, when called into the scrvice of the United States,
shall be entitled to receive fifty cents in heu of subsistence,
and twenty-five cent§ in lieu of forage, for such as are
mounted, for every twenty miles, by the most direct route,
from the period of leaving their homes to the place of gen-
' eral rendezvous, and from the place of discharge back to
their homes..
Sec. 10. Jlndlc itfwrthcr enacted, That the colonel, or
senior officer, of the ordnance department, is authorized to
enlist for the scrvice of that department, as many master
arunoreis, master carriage makers, master blacksmiths,
artificers, armorers, carriage-makers, blacksmiths, and la-
borers, as the public service, in his judgment, under the
direction of the Secretary for the Department of War, may
require.
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted an amendment to
the second section, giving the President of the
United States the power to select the particular
general officer of the militid. whom he would pre-
fer, instead of calling on the Governors of the
States for a general officer, Which was negatived.
The bill, as above, was reported to the Senate,
the amendments were concurred in, and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, the
bill providing for the settlement of French spolia-
tion claims was again taken up, and the question
on the amendment proposed was called for, when
Mr. SPEIG-HT and others, signifyinga desire to
be heard upon said amendments, the bill was pass-
ed over informally.
AUGMENTATION OF THE NAVY.
On motion of Mr. FAIRFIELD, the bill pro-
viding for the augmentation of the naval force of
the United States was taken up, and made the
special order of the day for Monday next.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the Senate then
went into Executive session, and, after some time
spent therein, the doors were opened;.
When the bill supplementary to the act pro-
viding for the prosecution of the existing war be-
tween the United States and Mexico was read a
third time, passed, and sent to the House of Rep-
resentatives.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF, REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, May 27,1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. HARALSON, on leave given, offered the
following resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, requested to communicate to
this House all the official despatches which may
have been received from General Taylor, com-
manding the Army of Occupation on the Rio
Grande, relating to the battles of the 8th and 9th
instant.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Hamlin, of Maine, in the chair,
and subsequently Mr. Hopkins, of Virginia,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of Government for the year ending the 30th day of
June, 1847, and for other purposes.
[The pending question was on the motion of
Mr. Grover, to strike out the following item, as
amended:
" For the erection and completion of the marine
hospitals at Pittsburg, Natchez, Louisville, Padu-
cah, and Cleveland, fifty thousand dollars."]
Mr. McCLELLAND took the floor; but yielded
to
Mr. FICKL1N, who gave notice of an amend-
ment which he intended hereafter to offer.
Mr. McCLELLAND said his object in address-
ing the committee was not to enter into a general
speech, or to continue the discussion of yesterday,
but to explain the grounds on which he intended to
offer two or three amendments which he should
not hereafter have the opportunity to explain. He
was instructed by the Committee on Commerce to
offer an amendment, which he caused to be read,
-and which provided for the refunding to certain
persons therein specified of duties collected con-
trary to treaty stipulations subsisting between the
United Stales and Portugal.
Mr. PRESTON" KING gave notice that he
should, when offered, raise a question of order
against these amendments, on the ground of irrel-
evancy.
Mr. McCLELLAND (continuing) apprehended
there would be no difficulty on the ground of order
in receiving these amendments, because they were
based on treaties subsisting between the United
States and Portugal. It was for the purpose of
putting it into the power of the present Adminis-
tration to carry out and fulfil these treaties. It was
not for the benefit of these individuals mentioned,
but for the sake of preserving the honor of the
country. He hoped, therefore, the gentleman from
New York would not object. It was at the urgent
request of the Secretary of State and the Secretary
of the Treasury that the Committee on Commerce
had passed upon the amendment. He had the let-
ters from both these Secretaries now in his posses-
sion; but as he wished to consume no more of the
time of the committee than was necessary, he would
only ask for the reading of the letter of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
[The letter was read by the Clerk.]
Now, the reason why this money had not been
refunded by the Secretary of the Treasury was,
that he considered himself prevented by existing
laws. These excesses, collected at the present
time, were refunded; but under the construction
which he placed upon the law of Congress, he did
not consider himself authorized to go back and re-
fund duties collected previously. The Committee
on Commerce, taking into consideration all the facts
presented by the Secretary of the Treasury, came
to the conclusion that it was just and proper he
should have this authority, and had reported ac-
cordingly; and there was a proviso attached to the
amendment, that he should not return the excess
of duties, unless it was right and proper for him
Another amendment which he designed,to offer
was to affect the amendment to the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill of 1844, in regard ton*"
spectors and: other officers of the customs. The
amendment to that bill of 17th June, 1844, limited
the number of these different officers to^ the number
then-in the service. Since that, and during the pres-
ent session, this number had been extended and in-
creased by the acts wc had passed in regard to Texas.
Several applications also had been made from F loi i-
daand elsewhere, for additional inspectors; but the
committee, notwithstanding the recommendation
of the Secretary to make an increase of thirty, had
come to the conclusion not to recommend an in-
crease, but the transferring of them from one point,
where they could be spared, to others where they
were needed.
[The amendment which he proposed, and the
letter of the Secretary recommending this increase
of the number of inspectors, &c._, were read by
the Clerk.] ,
It would be perceived (continued Mr. McG.)
that the Secretary of the Treasury asks for the
power of increasing the number of these officers to
thirty. The Committee on Commerce, on reflec-
tion, came to the conclusion not to recommend
such addition to the House at present, but to adopt
the other suggestion of the Secretary to give him
the power of reducing the number at one point and
increasing it at another. Upon the examination
which tliey had been able to give—and it was true
it was a mere cursory examination—they had been
convinccd that there were many points in the
Union where the present number was not neces-
sary, and this number being reduced, would give
him the power of increasing it at other points.
The amendment which he proposed to offer, did
not reduce the number as limited by the appro-
priation bill of 17th June, 1844, and as increased
now by the acts passed in reference to Texas.
Both those amendments, he might remark, had
been shown to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means—from which committee they
should have come had time been allowed them for
their examination—and he concurred' in the pro-
priety of both.
If the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, or some other person did not, he would
offer another amendment, to strike out from line
492 to 496, providing for increase of surveys in
the mineral regions; and he would ask the Clerk to
read a letter from the Commissioner of the General
Land Officc showing its propriety.
Mr. ASHMUN here raised the point of order,
that it was not in order to discuss amendments
which were not now before the committee, but that
the debate should be confined to the pending
amendment.
Mr. McCLELLAND. Not only that, but«the
state of the Union generally" is under consider-
ation.
The CHAIRMAN was understood to say that
it had been the practice of the committee hereto-
fore to allow a wide range of debate on pending
amendments, and even the explanation of amend-
ments which had not yet been offered, but strictly
under the rule, until the various amendments were
disposed of, the discussion of the pending one only
was in order.
Mr. McCLELLAND suggested to Mr. A. that
he had now concluded his remarks, and wished
only the letter of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office read, and he should resume his seat.
If, however, he insisted upon the strict application
of the rule, it would cut his friend [Mr. Stewart]
off from the discussion of the tariff, and he (Mr.
McC.) would submit to it.
Mr. ASHMUN insisted upon the application of
the rule.
Mr. McCLELLAND accordingly resumed his
seat, and the letter was not read.
Mr. COLLAMER rose, at this time, (he said,)
without previous preparation, to reply to some of
the remarks of yesterday (of Mr. Payne and Mr.
Grover.) He alluded to the intimate connexion
between the tariff as the source of revenue, and the
appropriation bills which provided the mode of its
