872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. , - % j i « * >
May 27,
expenditure, as a justification fur his entering upon |
this course of remark at present. The argument of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Payne,] was
one he had so often repeated, and was presented
with such a degree of confidence, that it required
to be answered. It reminded him of the anecdote
of the reply of a person when his parson asked him
how he liked his sermon of yesterday. "Why,"
said lie, " I always did like that sermoh." The
fact was, he (Mr. C.) never (lid like that speech.
The gentleman from Alabama contended that the
idea that the increase of duties would work a dimi-
nution of prices was an absurdity.
Mr. McOLliLLAND here rose, and apologizing
for interrupting his friend from Vermont, insisted
that the same strii tness of application of the rule
should be extended to the gentleman as had been
to him. He raised the question of order, whether,
on the motion of the gentleman from New York,
| Mr. Cuover,] the gentleman could go into the
discussion of the tariil'.
The, CHAIRMAN remarked that it was very
difficult to draw the precise line to which debate
should lie limited. So intimate was the connexion
between the tariff, which was the source of revenue,
and the, appropriations of revenue, that he did not
feel at liberty to restrain the gentleman in the comse
of tho debate he had lateen.
Mr. McOLKLLAND said tho decision of the
Chair was in accordance with the ordinary prac-
tice of the committee, lie had merely culled for
the application of the same rule to the gentleman
which had been enforced against him, (Mr. McC.)
Mr. COLLAMER resumed Inn remarks, and
proceeded to say, notwithstanding the gentleman
considered it an absurdity, it was tho fact that, in
every single instance where a high specific duty
had been levied, it decreased the price of the article,
lie illustrated the operation of this principle, citmg
a practical instance to show that., by the reducing
the extent of competition of the foreign article, and
thereby enlarging the domestic, market, it was for
the interest of the manufacturer, although the price
of his goods was thereby lowered—tins reduction
being more than made up by the increase of sales.
Thus, paradoxical as it might appear, he said,
showed it to be true that the, inercose of duty
worked a decrease of price.
He briefly replied to one or two other points
made by M r. Payne and by Mr. Guoveh.
Mr. STEWART next obtained the floor, ami
occupied it during the allotted hour, in reply to Mr.
1'avne, nnd in a general defence of the doctrine of
a protective tariil". It had been given out, he said,
that they were to go through the regular appiopi i-
ation bills, and then that the tariil' bill was to be
passed without debate. Anticipating this event,
lie had taken this occasion to take, that course of
remark which he had indicated, l ie had not heard
the entire speech of the gentleman from Alabama,
lint lie had read the report of it 111 the Union, and
from it he saw that, the gentk man had appealed to
the proceedings of tho Baltimore Convention.
Mr. PAYNK lose, and (Mi. S. yielding the
floor) said lie had disclaimed, totally disclaimed
appealing to ihe Baltimore Convention, or to the
resolutions adopteil by the Ilallinioie Convention,
as controlling the action of lhis llonse. He had
distinctly stated, that how far the action of a con-
vention assembled for one purpose Imt thinking
proper to act on another subject, ought to control
the action of a deliberative body, was a question
he did not intend to discuss or determine upun.
lie said then, that when a convention did meet,
however, ami did adopt resolutions approving a
certain great measure, and the question was taken
op before the people, discussed by the people, con-
sidered by the people, and the election turned upon
it, that then the Representative was bound to carry
out his pledges as contained m the resolutions of
the convention.
. Mr. (STEWART. Then the gentleman takes
the position that the Democratic party has been
elected on the pledge of repealing the tariff of 18*12.
And he says nine-tenths of that party are pledged
to its repeal.
Mr. S. proceeded to say that he regretted these
appeals to party, and urged that this should be
considered a great American question, which soar-
ed above, all party considerations. It was tt strug-
gle between the American people and foreigners as
to which of them should control the American
market.
The gentleman from Alabama spoke of the
" fair" as got up to influence the members of this
House. Had the gentleman seen the fair ? If he
had, and would give fair play to his good sense,
he would be filled with patriotic pride and delight
i at this exhibition of the results of Amcriean inilus-
' try and American skill.
j Mr. S. proceeded from this point at length to
| expound and defend tho principles,of a protective
tariff—arguing from the past history of the country
; the magnitude of'its benefits; and their diffusion
i not only among the manufacturers, but the agri-
' eulturists, the laborers, and every class of the com-
| munity. To this principally he ascribed all the
wealth and prosperity of England, and the rapid
i growth and advancement of our own country in
times past, or that which we might hope for the
I future, tie also maintained the doctrine that high
: protective duties make low prices, and referred to
: facts in proof of the position; and in a desultory
i course of remark laid down many other positions,
and advanced many other arguments, in which we
j cannot at present follow him.
> The hour of one having arrived, tho committee,
in pursuance of the previous orders of the House,
proceeded to vote.
i And the question was nut on Mr. Darkaoii's
; motion to strike out §50,000, and insert #75,000,
; as the appropriation for ihe erection of marine lios-
i pitals at I'ittslmig, Louisville, Pnducah, Cleve-
land, and Natchez; and it was lost: ayes 5(J,
; noes 88.
| Mr. LA SERE moved to add to the item the
j following: "And for finishing the marine, hospi-
; tal at, MeDonrmghsvillc, opposite New Orleans,
$30,000." This was rejected.
And the question was put on Mr. Grovek's
motion to strike, out the item for marine, hospitals
at Pittsburg, Pnducah, Louisville, Cleveland, and
Natchez; and there, were—ayes 7!), noes 77. So
the item was stricken ont.
Mr. McICAY moved to insert tho following
items:
" For repairs of that part of the, custom-house
at Mobile occupied by the United States courts,
poo. -
" For painting the marine hospital at Mobile,
and paving in front of the build ing, $470. ' -
" For repair of tho wall enclosing the hospital
grounds at Norfolk, §489.
" For surveying and enclosing the hospital
grounds at Natclie?,
" For the building or purchasing a revenue
cutter, to lie employed on tlic coast of Texas,
I $12,000."
I Mr. PARRAGII moved to amend the amend-
j mont by inserting an appropriation of §20,000 for
! the hospital at Pitlsburg.
Mr. THOMASBON asked Mr. Daruaoh to
modify his amendment so as to grant, $20,000 for
each of the hospitals at Pittsburg, Louisville, and
Cleveland; making, in all, $fi0,000.
Mr. DARRAGil agreed to this suggestion, and
modified his motion accordingly.
And tho question was taken to agree to it, and
it was lost—ayes 71, noes 80.
The question recurred on Mr. McKay's amend-
ment.
Mr. BliJiVKERHOFF moved to strike out all
that part of it which related to hospitals. Carried
.—jives 01, rifies not counted.
The, question on the residue of Mr. McKay's
amendment whs then divided.
And, on the. question to agree to the clause re-
specting the custom-house, and court-house at Mo-
bile, it passed in the affirmative.
A nd the clause for a revenue cutter for the Texas
station was also agreed to—ayes 83, noes 34.
Mr. IiENLEY moved the following items:
" For the purchase of such scientific, works as
are necessary for the use of the Patent- Office,
$1,250.
" For the collection of agricultural statistics and
other purposes, 43,000.
" For the salary of a clerk, to be employed on
statistics, $J,f)00; which several sums, amounting
to <W,850, shall be paid out of the patent fund."
These items were agreed to: Ayes 91, noes not
counted.
Mr. ARNOLD moved to insert the following:
" For repair of the custom-house- in Providence,
Rhode Island, $600." Negatived: Ayes 59, noes
80. - ■
Mr. THOMPSON, .of Pennsylvania, moved to
insert in the bill the following item: " For the erec-
tion and completion of the marine hospitals at
Pittsburg, Louisville, and Cleveland;. #,000." 1
Mr. BOYD moved to amend the amendment by .
inserting Paducah. Negatived; Ayes 52, noes 66.
<■ Mr. Thompson's amendment was then rejected:
A'yes 58; noes $4. . — ....
' Mr. HUNTER moved 'to insert the following
item: " For the support and maintenance of the
penitentiary in the- District- of Columbia, $11,61!
4(1,'' Carried: Aves 77, noes'47.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH moved to insert an item
as follows: " For the prosecution of the Cumber-
land-road in the State of Ohio, $50,000, and in" the
States of Illinois and Indiana, §100,000 each, and
for building a bridge across -the Ohio' river at
Wheeling, $20,000. It was negatived,
■ Mr. WIN'fHROP, by direction of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, moved the following item:
" For the sixth volume of the fourth' ^series of
1 the Documentary History of the United States,
■« $25,449."
Mr. W., after the amendment had been read,
moved, of his individual authority, to add the fol-
lowing: _ _ . _
" To be paid to Messrs. Blair & Rives, in con-
' formity with a contract between the United
' States and Messrs. Clarice and Force; and also it 
' compliance with a request from the Secretary of
'State to-the Committee of Ways and Means."
After some explanation between Mr. "VVIN-
THROP and other members, lie withdrew the
amendment proposed by himself.
Mr. McKAY then moved to add to tho amend-
ment the following proviso:
" Provided that hereafter no further distribution
' of said work shall bo made to persons Who are or
' have been members of Congress." ■ - '
This was negatived.
And Mr. Wintiikoi-'s amendment, moved by
direction of tho Committee of Ways and Means,
was agreed to: Ayes 8$, noos 42.
Mr. McCLELLANl) moved to insert tho fol-
lowing item:
" For payment of tho excc® of duties paid upon
'wines imported from Portugal into the United
* States by John Osborne, of the city of New York,
' the sum of $1,718 42, and by Iskhc Winslow &
' Son, of Boston, the sum of $1,019 54," which said
' duties wore levied and collected contrary to the
' treaty stipulations existing between Portugal and
'this Government: Provided,, however, That tho
' Secretary of the Treasury shall not pay said
1 1 sums of money to said Osborne and Winslow &
' Son unless ho is satisfied they are rightfully en-
' titled thereto."
Agreed to: Ayes 80, noes not counted.
Mr. WOODWORM, from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, offered the follow-
ing amendment:
For itnniuil repairs uf the Capitol, lump lighters, oil for
lump*?, wick awl repairs of lamps mid lamp posts, attend-
ance on 1'urnare* of the crypt, attendant-*; on water-closet^,
cleaning tho rotundo and crypt, brushes and brooms, laboi-
er.s arid cartajxe ou Capitol grounds, twin, wire, twine,
leather, nail*, stakes, manures and straw lor grounds, trees,
attendance at the 'western sates of the Capitol, repairs of"
public stables, flavin# and onolosuies, keeping in order
iron pipes that convey the water to the Capitol and public
ofi'iees, and gardener's salary,
For annual fepaird of President's house, gardener's salary,
laborers and cartage, tools, wire, twine, leather, nails, stake*,
manure urid straw Tor garden and plantw, trees for Presi-
dent's grounds, Fountain square, "Lafayette square; and
Pennsylvania avenue, repairs of fence at Fountain square,
Lafayette square, and President's garden, &3,277.
For repairing platform on the dome, and repairing balus-
ters, (including materials and work,) repairing hatchway
door, and frame, (including steps and plastering in dome,)
ftwifabtnjr and repairing steps, ladders, and platforms'on 
the dijferent roofs, furnishing two double-window' frames
and fcftsh (including painting and glazing) in open courts,
whitewashing walls in the open court?, containing about
twenty-five hundred square yards', $490 75. •
Mr. ASHMUN moved to add to the amend-
ment the following: " And for the removal of the
' building over the statue of Washington and erecl-
1 ing an iron fence around the same, f1,000." This
was agreed to. '
And the amendment as amended was agreed to:
Ayes 100, noes 20.
'Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL, by direction
of the Committee of Ways'and Means, moved
sundry items, viz: " A re-approprifttion'of $200,
' part of the sum of $100,000 appropriated os'the
' 27th April, 181-6, as prize money for cratoih Al-
' gerine ships of war, captured by CoBitooaore
' Decatur, and restored -t£>''the Dey of Algiers,
' which had been carried to" th« eurpfos fund." '
