m4$.
•^HECONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S7-'B
<l To pay P. Gardner, late Naval Storekeeper to
* the African squadron, for Hi's services as such,
' $437 50.* "
' "To pay the representatives of Thomas H.
1 Storm b.alance due him as agent .for prisoners at
' Barb~a<loes, $i2,S?4 ^6/r
v- For Loan 0ffice certifioates which may be pro-
duced aM exhibited, '$5,000."
" Mr. JOSEPH &.tINGERSOLL, of his own ac-,
cciimt, moved to strike from .the last item of the
amount which he had moved By order of,the com-
mittee these words:il which may be produced: and
exhibited," so as to include certificates which may
*h&v6 been lost or destroyed."
" This wa& negatived; and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BROCKENBROXJGH moved to insert, the
following item: "And for compensation of keepers
of public archives in Florida, $999." Negatived.
Mr. WINTHROP moved to insert in the pi'oper
place the following: ."For salary and. outfit of a
special -comrhissioner to Mexico, whenever the
President of the United States shall have ascer-
tained that he will be received, $18,000." Nega-
tived: ayes 50, noes 81.
The item, " For the salary of a commissioner to
reside in China, $5,000,** was read.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved to add to the
item the following proviso:
"Provided, That no part of this sum shall be
paid without a certificate on honor from the said
commissioner that he does reside in China."
Mr. RATHBUN moved to amend it so as to
read, " that the salary shall not be paid unless the
commissioner shall actually reside in China."
Mr. THOMPSON accepted Mr. Rathbun's
amendment, and modified his proviso accordingly.
The question was then put upoii it, and it was
adopted: ayes 74, noes 40.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved to insert at the
proper place the following item: "For the salary
of the consul at Paris, $2,000."
This was ruled out of order, on the ground that
there was no law authorizing the allowance of a
salary to the consul at I^tiris."
Mr. McKAY moved to insert at the proper place
the following item: " For contingent expenses of
foreign intercourse, $30,000." This was agreed to.
The committee having cone through with the
bill-
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to add the follow-
ing section:
"And he U further enacted. That the Secretary of the
Treu&ury is hereby authorized to increase or diminish the
number of inspectois, guUgcrs, weighers, mea-ojreir&j or
markers, in any collection district: "Provided, That the
whole number of sajd officers m the Union shall at ho lime
exceed the number in service at the present tjme;"
This was agreed, to: Ayes 70, noes 56.
Mr. MARTJrN, of Kentucky, moved to add the
following section:
" Arid he if further enacted, "That, from and after the close
of the present session of Congress, the pay for mileage of
each Senator and member of the House of ReprcM-ntntive.s
of ttie United States, and the Delegates from the Territo-
ries shall be as follows, to "kit: For every twenty miles be-
tween the residence of each Member, Delegate, ami Senator,
and the Capitol, the sum of eight doHas*—i.ho distance to be
computed by the iieare&t mail toute. such di^t-mcc shall be
ascertained by the books' ol'the Post Office De^iutmcnt."
Mr. ASHMTJN inquired if the amendment was
in order? '
The CHAIR said it was.
Mr. JOSEPH J. McDOWELL moved to amend
it by adding as follows: "And"the per diem pay
of members of Congress shall hereafter be six dol-
lars." '
A motion was made that the committee rise.
Carried: Ayes 77, hoes 70^
And the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair—
The following message, receiyed from the Presi-
dent to-day, was rioav read:
To the House of Representatives:
In compliance with the request contained in the
resolution of the House of Representatives of this
date, I transmit copics of all'the official despatches
which have been received from General Taylor,
commanding the Army of Occupation on the Rio
Grande, relating to the battles of the §th and, 9th
. instant. JAMES K. POLK.
- Washington, May 27, 1,846-
The message was referred to the Committee on
Military AffaftS, and ordered to be printed.
-'A motion was here made to adj-ourn. It was
decided in the negative, by yeas atid.nays^r81 to
, Mr. HARALSON^from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill to provide certain mil-
itary tactics for the use of the volunteers authorized
to be called ipto the service of the United States by
the act approved May 13,18,46. The bill was twice
read, ana committed.
Mr. McKAY moved that the Ho^ise^again re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
general appropriation bill, with a view to act upon
all amendments, and to report it to the House.
Before the question was put, a .motion was made
to adjourn. Negatived—66 to 70.
And the House again resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the general appropriation
bill, Mr. Hopkins in the chair.
And the question was put on Mr. Joseph J. Mc-
Dowell's amendment, to reduce the pay of mem-
bers of Congress to six, dollars per day, and it was
lost
The question recurred on Mr. Martin's amend-
ment; when—
Mr. BOWXIN moved to amend the same, by
adding thereto the following: '
" And be it further enacted, That no membor shall bp allow-
ed pay for any day that lie does not actually attend the sit
ting of tlic House, it' in session that day, unless absent by
its order on the busincati os the liouwe, or prevented now
attending by sickness; and the faihtre'of any member to
answer to his name on the call of the House, or on the call
of the yeas and nays, shall constitute him an absentee for
the day, unless it ,q poars iroui the Journals of the TIousc
that he was absent by If older, or be excused foi sieknes->
on the ccitificate of a physician; and no member absenthoin
the IIouoC tor his own business or pleasure, and with or
Without the leave of the House, shall receive any pay lor
the time lie is absent.
(( And be it further cnnctcd, That it shall be the duly of the
Clerk oftlie llouso, at lea-t once every day, to furnish the
Seigeant-at-Arms with a list of thode members who on the
pieeedmg day lulled at any one time to answer to their
names, either upon a cull of the House or on the .yens and
nay ; and tiie tieisfcant-at-Arms, upon receiving such li^t,
shall chaige the members so al cnt, and tshall take irom his
gnws p ly, m ihe settlement ol' hi\> at count, the amount of
one. d;iy?s pay foi e\ety day so absent.>J
This was carried, ayes 69, noes 66.
Mr. COCKE then moved further to amend the
amendment of Mr. Martin, by adding the follow-
ing proviso:
"■Provided, That when the mileage of a member or dele-
gate as aforasuid shall amount to the sum of Wl,0J0, then the
re.-idue <>I th<- mileage shall be computed at the tateof $3 for
ev< ry twenty nnles tiavei a-; aloicsaul • Aiulproridcdfurther,
That after the lirst lour months ol any session ol Congress
the daily pay of each member or delegate shall be $4 per
day and no more,"
This was agreed to without count or division.
Mr. DOCKERY then moved the following as a
substitute for the amendment of Mr. Martin, as
amended on the motions of Mr. Bowlin and Mr.
Cocke:
"That from and after the end of this present session of
Congress the mileage allowed and paid to Senators arid Rep-
resentatives m Congrt'hs and I)ele<,Mt':s from T« tritoru s,
shall be 40 cents per mile lor the fir->1 *200 miles ; «'i5 cents for
each miie above and not over 300; yo cents for each
mile above &;0, unci not over 400; and coins per mile lor
any distance o\er 400 imhs : Provided, That the aggregate
mileage allowed to any Senator, Representative,\'u Del-
egate in anj one session of Congress, shall, in no case, ex-
ceed $750.
This was agreed to—ayes 81, noes 35.
Mr. YELL moved to add to the bill a scction,
providing for the removal of the seat of Govern-
ment, in the year 1850, to the city of St. Louis, in"
the State of Missouri.
The CHAIR ruled the section not in order.
The question was put that the committee do
agree to Mr. Martin's amendment, as amended
by the amendment of Mr. Dockeuy, and it was
carried—ayes 68, noes 61.
And so the proposition of Mr. Dockery was
finally adopted by the committee, and the propo-
sitions of Messrs. Martin, 13owlin, and Cocke
were set aside.
Mr. BELL moved to insert in the bill the fol-
lowing:
" That the pay and emoluments of all the officers of the
Federal Government m the civil departments, including tliat
of members of Congress, excepting such officers, however,
wlluhC pay and emoluments cannot constitutionally be le-
dut.ed dining their term of service be, and the same is here-
by, i educed twenty-five per centum from and after the 1st of
June next; the reduction to continue so long as the Mexi-
can war continues. And that from the commencement to
the conclusion "of said war the pay of the volunteer soldiers
of the Amenean army he ten dollars per month, instead of
that now allowed by lav/."
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS moved to add to this
amendment the following:
" And tliat members of Congress shall not receive any per
diem "on account of their attendance at the present session
alter the Sijth day of July next."
This was agreed to.
And the question .recurred on Mr. Bell's
amendment.
It was divided so as to take a separate question
on that part reducing the pay of civil officers, and
a separate question on the part raising, the pay of
volunteers.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, moved that
the committee rise. Negatived.
And the question again recurred on Mr. Bjsll's
amendment.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to add to the same the
amendment moved by him .to Mr. Martin's
amendment, changed so as to confine its operation
to nieinbeis ol'the piesent Congiess.
It was negatived.
And the question was put on the first clause of
Mr. Bell's amendment, on which no quorum
voted.
And the committee rose, and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 28, 18-16.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Oswego county, New York, remonstrating
against the renewal of Jethro Wood's patent;
which was laid on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented a res-
olution passed by the Legislature of Louisiana, in
favor of an appropriation by Congress for the re-
moval of obstructions to the navigation of the Sa-
bine river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. J. also presented resolutions passed by the
Legislature of the State of Louisiana, instructing
the Senators and requesting the RepieseutaLives of
that State to use their exertions to procuic the le-
iiYibur.semevit of the money advanced by that State
for the public service in Texas, and to urge 011 Con-
gress the expediency of establishing a naval station
at New Orleans, and constructing additional naval
steamers; which was referred to the Committee 011
Military Affairs.
Mr. J. also presented a resolution passed by the
same body, in favor of the erection of light-houses
at the mouth of the bayou Bonfonca and the mouth
of the river Lanchipoho; wliieh wasieferred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEMPLE presented the memorial of Peter
Von Schmidt, praying the purchase by the Gov-
ernment of his improvement in tlic rotary steam
engine and submerged propeller; which was re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Naval Affairs.
Mr. S. also submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee'on Naval AA'aiis
be instructed to inquire whether the improvements
made by Peter Von Schmidt in the rotary steam
engine and submerged propeller, can be advan-
tageously introduced into the service of the United
States, and what sum will be required to test their
value.
Mr. HANNEGAN submitted the following res-
olution; which lies over :
Resolved, with the concurrence of the House of Rep
resentatives, That the President of the Senate am!
the Speaker of the House of Representatives close
the present session of Congress hy an adjourn-
ment of their respective houses on Monday, tiie
20th day of July next.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee 011 Finance,
submitted an adverse report upon the petition of
Henry Simpson.
. Mr. L. also, from the same committee, submit-
ted an adverse report upon the petition of E. A.
Ware; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BERRIEN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill relative to and increas-
ing the duties of the Attorney General.
general taylor and his command.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following joint
resolution; which was read a first and second
time:
JOINT rasQMJTION presenting the thanks of Congress
to Brigadier General Taylor, and for other purposes
STat"-ani HTe °S Representatives of the
United States of Jlmerwa in Otmgren assembled, That tiio
thanks of Congress be presented to Brigadier General T,w-
