1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
or as with justice, it regards the people of Oregon,
direetthese details. Mr. W. said, notwithstanding
all this  he had had no difficulty in Litis business,
as to his .own course, from the first, except as to
satisfying others to agree with him. The citizens
of the United States, in Oregon, had established a
local government., framed a constitution, created a
legislature, enacted laws, elected a governor, judge,
sheriff, and other officers, created counties and dis-
tricts, and that local government was getting along
very beneficially. It was* the very thing, of all
others, best for that country. All that was neces-
sary at present -was to give the sanction of Con-
gress to that local government. The citizens of
the United States in Oregon had asked us to do this.
They had appealed to us to do this. Why not
grant their prayer ? Why subvert their govern-
ment, established by themselves, adapted to their
wants, adapted to the country, and arbitrarily force
upon them a government of our making which
cannot meet their necessities, and will not be
adapted to the country?
Mr. W. said he should at a fljture day, if the
Senate decided not to postpone the subject, move
to modify the first part of the instructions of the
honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,]
to the effect that the committee to whom the sub-
ject might be referred, should be instructed to bring
in a bill to recognise and sanction the local gov-
ernment of our citizens already established there.
Mr. W. said he regarded the subject of this tem-
porary government of Oregon as of great impor-
tance. We should not make any mistake at the
outset. The whole business may be involved in
difficulties if a misdirection is given to.it. After
the limits and boundaries of the country are set-
tled, there will be little difficulty in settling a per-
manent Territorial Government; and if the act of
organization is copied from the Florida organic
law, or of Wisconsin, or Iowa, or any of the Ter-
ritories which have existed, it would contain
nearly all the provisions proposed in the second
branch of the instructions of the Senator from
Missouri. But if we start wrong, we shall very
likely keep wrong. Mr. W. was~of opinion that
there was no necessity for any law at this session,
but at any rate none except a law recognising the
present local government in Oregon, with some lew
restrictions and qualifications, and tile provision
which this bill contained as to mails, post routes,
&c. The extension of the " laws of the United
States" over Oregon, as proposed, would of course
include the revenue laws; and if so, that .would
require a custom-house to be established, and offi-
cers appointed to enforce them. Mr. W. saw no
necessity for such a course until the limits of the
country were settled. It,would lead at once and
inevitably to collisions with the British subjects
there. If anybody' wanted to smuggle goods into
the western States from the Pacific ocean across
three thousand miles of mountain and desert, Mr.
W. said he did not feel disposed to punish them
very severely.
Mr. W. said the details of the bill to be framed
as to the form and character of the Government in
Oregon, if the Senate was disposed to consider and
decide on it this session, should be framed with
'■ great care and caution; and he thought the Judi-
ciary Committee the most proper to arrange them.
He did not think it necessary to legislate about the
Indians there at this time; but, if so, let the Indian
Committee settle the details in that regard. The
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
could best arrange those with regard to mails and
post routes; and if we were to have a custom-
house in Oregon, the Committee on Commerce
•should, as in the case of .Texas, ascertain where,
&c. But Mr, W. said he was opposed to all ex-
cept the mere adoption" of the present Government
of Oregon, arrangements for mail routes, and af-
fording facilities and encouragement to emigrants.
Mr. W. said, as to the second branch of the in-
structions of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Benton,] it contained one thing that lie would not
vote for, which was, the instruction to limit what-
ever Government we establish there to 49° north.
The question as to the boundary between us should
not be referred to in the bill establishing a Territo-
rial Government at all; it was not raised by it.
Great Britain had extended her laws over the
whole country, or rather her subjects in it, down
to the Mexican line. We have the same right to
extend ours over our citizens up north to the Rus-
■ sian line. She cannot complain.
On one part of the subject Mr. W. said there
seemed to be a great misapprehension. He had
heretofore referred to it, and he would again, once
for all, advert to it. It is not proposed to extend
our laws, either of the United States or of Iowa
or Missouri, over British subjects in Oregon now.
So Mr. W. understood the President's recommen-
dation. It was only over our own citizens. We
could not extend our laws over British subjects
until the year after the notice had expired, con-
sistently with the treaty. Great Britain had not
attempted to enforce her laws there against Ameri-
can citizens; if her authorities have done so, it is
in violation of the treaty. When the year after
the notice has expired, or at any rate next fall,
when we shall have known the issue of our nego-
tiation, it would be time enough to decide upon
our course as to British subjects residing in Ore-
gon.^ At present, it was not only not necessary,
but if we attempt it, we shall certainly create
difficulties which will lead to war. Mr. w. said
he should offer his amendment to the instructions
of the Senator from Missouri when the subject
was again brought up. He had deemed it his duty
to express his views at this time, in order that
they might be published at the same time with the
instructions proposed by the honorable Senator
from Missouri.
Mr. SEVIER withdrew his motion for a select
committee, stating, that so far as the Indian Com-
mittee was concerned, that committee expected to
be able to report a bill on Monday next.
Mr. HANNEGAN observed that it was expect-
ed that there would be further debate upon this
subject; and he moved, thciefore, that its further
consideration be postponed until Monday next.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hanne-
gan's motion for postponement until Monday
next, and it was agreed to.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business; and after some time so en-
gaged,
lhe Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 28, 184G.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
On motion of Mr. BRINKERIiOFF, by gene-
ral consent, the House took up the bill from the
Senate entitled "An act in relation to the July
term of the circuit and district court of the district
of Ohio."
The bill, having been read twice and ordered to
a third reading now, was read a third time, and
passed.
By general consent, a number of other Senate
bills on the Speaker's table were taken up, read
twice by their titles, and appropriately referred.
Amongst these was the bill from the Senate en-
titled " A bill supplemental to an act entitled An
act providing for the prosecution of the existing
war between the United States and Mexico, and
for other purposes;" which, having been read
twice by its title, was referred, on motion of Mr.
Haralson, to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STEPHENS asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion, directing the Clerk of the House to purchase
10,000 copies of the map of Texas, by Lieutenant
Emory, provided that die cost should not exceed
ten cents per copy.
Mr. RHETT inquired whether it was the same
map the publication of which had heretofore been
authorized?
Mr. STEPHENS said it was the same map the
publication of which had been ordered under the
authority of both Houses of Congress at the last
session. There seemed to be a great demand for
it, particularly by the volunteers. Therefore it
was that he had offered the resolution.
Mr. RHETT said he had no objection to the
publication of a correct map. But in an article
which appeared in the Southern Review, written
by a person well acquainted with the localities,
this map was described as the grossest tissue of
fallacies—not a single point, river, or bay, being
put down correctly. He objected to the reception
of the resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to offer the resolution.
And the question being taken, the House refused
to suspend the rules.
So the resolution was not received.
MAIL SERVICE IN TEXAS.
Mr. HOPKINS asked leave to make a report
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. It was deemed important (he sard) that
the bill should be acted on immediately. At pres-
ent there was no mail service in Texas; and, whilst
our army was there, it was a matter of o;rea£ im-
portance that there should be such a service.
No objection having been made,
Mr. HlOPKINS, from the Committee on the
Post. Office, to whom had been referred the bill
from the Senate " to establish certain post-routes,
and for other purposes," reported back the same
with an amendment.
Mr. H. said that the bill established certain
post-routes in Texas alone. The committee recom-
mended that the 4th section be stricken out; and
he would ask that the balance of the bill should be
put on its passage.
[The fourth section—proposed to be stricken
out—authorizes the Postmaster General to estab-
lish such additional mail-routes as the public ser-
vice may, in his judgment, from time to time
require, and to contract to supply mails on the said
routes under the limitation that tfie contracts should
expire on the 1st Jaly, 1847.]
Mr. HOPKINS said that it was intended under
this section that the Postmaster General should
establish such necessary routes as could not be es-
tablished now, for want of the proper local infor-
mation. The committee, however, thought that
Congress had no power to confer such authority
on the Postmaster General—that the Constitution
gave the power to Congress alone—therefore, it
was proposed to strike out the section.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmativ So the fourth section was stricken out.
And the question then being on ordering the bill
to a third reading,
Mr. RATHBUN called for the reading.
And the bill having been read,
Mr. S, ADAMS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. RATHBUN asked Mr. A. to withdraw the
motion, but it was not withdrawn.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded: and the main question was ordered, and,
being taken, the bill was ordered to a third reading
noiv.
And having been read a third time by the title;
and the question being, " Shall the bill pass ?"
Mr. CULVER wished to inquire of the chair-
man of the committee who reported this bill, (Mr.
Hopkins,) whether it proposed to extend p0st-
routes into the " disputed territory," so called be-
tween the Nueces and the Rio Grande ? If so' jie
was opposed to the bill. '
Mr. HOPKINS said that the committee had no
very accurate information as to the localities men
tioned in the bill, but lie would say for the infor
mation of the gentleman from New York that the
bill does not piopose to go at present beyond the
Kio Grande. He demanded therefore the previous
question. r
There was a second. The main question was
ordered, and, being tako,n, the bill was vasscd
vote''' S"ADAMS movcd a reconsideration of the
And, on motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the motion
to reconsider was laid on the table
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND, submitted
on leave.
Ordered, That leave be given to withdraw the
T PJanuar CaS° °f George Ralnsey and Thomas
THE ARMY OP OCCUPATION.
aff4-RA-LS0N! from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to which was referred the communi-
cation of the President, inclosing despatches from
the ai my of occupation, reported that they had had
the same under consideration, and in view of the
recent brilliant victory of the army, had directed
certain amendments to the resolution offered bv
the gentleman,fromOhio, [Mr. BW«MHo
tiering thanks to General Taylor and his arm"
which would be offered by that gentleman whJ'
the resolution was taken up. He (Mr H ,
directed to ask that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the commumra
tion, and that it be referred to ilio r> ' ,umca"
the Whole on the state 0f the Union wt ,5
resolution was pending. ' v'leie the
Ordered accordingly.
