878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28 j
of the enemy; why that intrenchment stands un-
haimed by Mexican shot, whilst its guns have
crumbled the stone walls in Matamoras to the
ground, and then say whether lie believes a black-
smith or a tailor could have secured the same re-
sults. He trusted the gentleman would be con-
duced that arms, like every occupation, requires
to be studied befoie it can be understood; and from
these things, to which he had called his attention,
lie will learn the power and advantage of military
science, tie would make but one other allusion
to the remarks of the gentleman he had noticed,
who said nine-tenths of the graduates of the Mili-
tary Academy abandoned the service of the United
States. If he would take the trouble to examine
the records upon this point, he doubted not he
would be suiprised at the extent of his mistake.
Theie he would learn that a majority of all the
graduates are still in service; and if he would push
Jus inquiry a little further, he would find that a laige
majouty of the commissioned oilicerswho bled m
the actions of the 8th and 9th were giadiuites of
that academy.
Me would not enter into a discussion on the
military at this time. 1 lis pride, his gratification
arose from tho success of our arms. Much was
due to the courage which Amei leans have display-
ed on many battic-helds m former times; but this
courage, characteristic of our people, and pena-
ding all sections and all classes, could nevei have
availed so much had it not been combined with
military science. -And the occasion seemed suit-
ed to enforce this lesson on the minds of those
•who have been accustomed, in season and out of
season, to rail at the scientific attainments of our
oiheers.
The influence of military skill—the advantage
of discipline m the troops—the power derived from
the science of war, increases with the increased
sue of the contending aumcs. With t\\ o thousand
we had beaten six thousand; with twenty thousand
wc would far more easily beat sixty thousand,
because the Genera! must be an educated soldier
who wields large bodies of men, and the troops, to
act efficiently, must be disciplined and command-
ed by able officers. He but said what he had long
thought and often said, when he expressed his
confidence in the ability of our officers to meet
those of any service—favoiably to compare, in all
that constitutes the soldier, with any army in the
world; and as the lield widened for the exhibition,
►«o would their merits shine more brightly still.
With many of the officers now serving on the
Rio Grande lie had enjoyed a personal acquaint-
ance, and hesitated not to say that all which skill
and courage and patuolism could perform, might ;
be expected from them. He had forborne to speak
of the General commanding on ihe Rio Giande on
any former occasion; but he would now say to
those who had expressed distrust, that the vvoild
laid not a soldier better qualified for the service i
he was engaged m than General Taylor. Trained
from his youth to arms, having spent the greater
portion ol his life on our frontier, his experience
pecuhaily iits bun lor the command be holds.
Such as his conduct was m Fori 1 Jairison, on the
Upper Mississippi, in Florida, and on the Rio 1
Giande, will it be wherever he meets the enemy .
of his country. _ j
Those soldiers to whom so many have applied ,
depieeiatory epithets, upon whom it has been so j
often said no reliance could be placed, they, too, j
will be found in every emergency renewing such j
feats as have recently graced our arms, b< armg the 1
American Hag to honorable timmphs, or falling
beneath its folds as <k voices to our common cause
to die a soldier's dealh.
He rejoiced that the gentleman fioin .South Car-
olina [Mr. Black] had shown himself so ready to i
pay this tribute to our army. He hoped not a voice 1
would be raised m opposition to it; that nothing hut
the stern regret which is prompted by reinem- ]
1 nance of those who hiavelyirmghf and nobly died |
will break the joy, the pride, the patriotic gratula- j
tion with which we hail this triumph ol our breth- ;
ren on the Rio Grande. j
Mr. ASH MUN here raised the point of order, |
that, under the Constitution of the United States, j
no money could be appropiiated except by law, j
and that, a joint resolution not being a law, no
money could be appropriated except it took the
form of a bill.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF read the precedent, in
the case of Commodore Perry and the squadron
under his command, when three months' pay to
' all the privates of the squadron was awarded by
1 joint resolution.
! Mr. ADAMS sustained Mr. Ashmun's objec-
' tion.
The CHAIRMAN said that the books were fttll
of precedents in which money had been appropri-
ated by joint resolution, tor his own part, he
never had entertained but one opinion, and that
was, that no money could be appropriated except
by law—that was to say, by act or bill. Probably
the most convenient mode of disposing of the mat-
ter would be at once to decide that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Black,] in its present form, was not in order.
Mr. BLACK said that, looking to the practice of
the Government, he would appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
( > Mr. BiUNKERIIOFF suggested that the dif-
j iiculty could be obviated by so changing the phra-
j scology of the resolution as to cause it to read a
' bill and joint resolution; and that the single sec-
j tion which appropnated one month's pay should
commence with the words " Bo it enacted," instead
; of " Be it resolved.'*
' Mr. BLACK said he would then so change the
phiaseologv of his amendment as to read, "And
be it further enacted."
[Mr. B. subsequently withdrew the appeal he
had taken.]
Mr. HARALSON said, upon such a subjcct I
am almost unwilling to trust myself. These reso-
lutions are intended to express the gratitude of the
eountiy, and especially ol Congress, for the recent
brilliant achievements of our liule army on the Rio
Grande. The honor of our arms has been sus-
tained, and again they are triumphant against an
: enemy largely outnumbering us. The victory was
' complete. Under such circumstances I repeat my
unwillingness to trust myself. 1 do not know
where to stop. I am well willing to go with those
who go farthest in voting extra pay to those who
have stood up for the defence of their country, for
those who have been wounded, and for the widows
and children of those who may have fallen. Nor
do I doubt that such is the general spirit which
animates most of us. In that spirit I gave my vote
in committee for the amended resolutions which
have been reported by the gentleman fiom Ohio,
[Mr. BiuNumutoi F.] But, mr, it is too palpable
that the ditlerent amendments which have been
olfered, and of which we have had indication, will
lead to a debate, and perhaps to disagreement upon
a subject upon which, above all others, we ought
to be united. "Would it not be well, therefore, for
us to pass the resolutions of thanks to General
Taylor and his gallant liule army tmanimously, as
1 hope it may be done, and resei vc these questions,
out of which discussion must aiisc, for a future
occasion—to-morrow, or even this evening, after
we have passed upon the resolutions of thanks?
I feel it would be the higher compliment to the
army itself. It has done much for us, and deserves
a speedy and unanimous tribute. Although thou-
sands of brave volunteers were flocking to the
standard of the country, eager to participate in the
first conflict and victory, it is matter worthy of
note that this achievement has been gained by the
valor and mticpidity of our little army alone. Let
us pass the resolutions as amended by the Com-
muiee on Military Affairs, expressing our thanks,
and giving a month's extra pay to thuSfc who have
shared in this victory. This will be an earnest of
our future legislation. Some gentlemen have ex-
pressed doubts as to the propriety of appropriating
money by resolution under the Constitution—that
it must be done by a bill. This objection, 1 think,
docs not apply to the oiigmal resolution. If it
dots, 1 would t>e willing to puss a bill making the
necessary appropriation, and which might suit the
views of these gentlemen. I trust we shall so
direct our course as that the resolutions may pass
unanimously, and without any hesitation.
Air. BRilNKFRHOFF sant he hoped the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Georgia would not
be adopted of separating the one month's pay to
the non-commissioned officers and private soldiers
fiom the resolution of thanks.
Air. HARALSON explained that he made no
such proposition. He went cordially for the res-
olution of the gentleman, including the one month's
pay; but he thought further action might with
propriety be deferred until it could be had m a form
which would suit all.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF (resuming) said -this
proposition at any rate had been made by others.
For one, he was not willing that it should be done.
We might talk about these votes of thanks; he ad-
mitted, as far as your commissioned officers -were
concerned, they were grateful tributes; they were
received as such by these commissioned officers,
who were already liberally paid. But to the pri-.
vate soldier, who gets his seven or -eight dollars a
month—(and Mr. B. was among the number of
those who the other day thought it was inconsist-
ent with the state of the treasury, and the pros-
pective expenditures to which we should be sub-
jected, to raise that pay at this time)—to him who
lies upon the ground and lights your battles for
$7 or #8 per month, your mere vote of thanks, -
unaccompanied with any increase of his small pay,
was a tribute on which he would place no very /
exalted estimate.
Hehoped, therefore, that these resolutions would
go together, and that the resolution of thanks to
your officers and army would be accompanied by
one month's pay to your private soldier and non-
commissioned officer. That the moral effect of
this would be excellent, every man could see.' We
merely proposed to give them a small tribute for
what they had already done. He could fancy
himself standing by the side of these poor and ob-
scure, but brave men, on the receipt of the intelli-
gence that a vote of this kind had passed the two
branches of Congress. He could fancy the poor
soldier tapping his comrade on the shoulder, and
saying: "Wo have done good things; and this
tribute of the gratitude of our country, and this
reward, is thankfully received. It is small, to be
sure, but it will pay off our sutler's account; and
when we get through our fighting, it will give us
some money to return home with. * Mr. B. wished
the two to go together; and that the commissioned
oiliccr and the private soldier should both receive
that evidence of the thankfulness of their country
which they are both capable of appreciating, and
will appreciate.
He regretted that this constitutional question had
been raised here. Although he had never given
his attention particularly to it, he had always sup-
nosed that a joint resolution was a law, and ob-
ligatory as such; and when he held in his hand
the resolutions of Congress of 1814, providing for
extra pay of this kind, he could not doubt but it
was constitutional, and had been so regarded.
Gentlemen asked them to delay the giving any
extra compensation now, and let the vote of thanks
go, leaving to some future time the giving this ex-
tra pay. But he was apprehensive if it was delay-
ed now, it would be delayed indefinitely.
Mr. C. J. HNGERSOLL (Mr. B. yielding) said
that Judge Marshall had pronounced the opinion
of the Supreme Court of the United States, that a
joint resolution is a law.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF was happy to hear it.
He could not conceive why a joint resolution, go-
ing through with three severai readings, and with
all the solemnity of a bill, should not be to all in-
tents and purposes a law.
He hoped, he repeated, that this suggestion of a
division would not be adopted, and that the com-
mittee would insist on these resolutions going to-
gether, in order that all branches of the army may
receive that tribute which they so richly merit.
Mr. B., in concluding, inquired of the Chairman
whether he intended permanently to decide that a
joint resolution was not a law ? tie had not so un-
derstood the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN replied: If it appropriated
money, he believed it was not a law, Chief Justice
Marshall to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. BRINKKRHOFF appealed from the de-
cision.
The decision of the appeal was not pressed at
this time.
Mr. SAWYER said the resolutions which had
been presented would receive, he trusted, the unan-
imous vote of this committee. He would prefer
now to see the question of the vote of thanks taken
—which he believed no man on this floor would be
opposed to; and at the proper time the other ques-
tion—that of compensation—called up; ana he
hoped it would be put into such a form as that no
one would object to it.
But from the remarks of the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Jefferson Davis,] this House
would be led to infer, and the people of the United
States would be led to infer, that there was not a
