1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
879
soldier or an officer in either of these battles but
who emanated from'West Point. The gentleman
asked him (Mr. S.) to take tack what he said the
other day in reference to that academy. He told
the gentleman he wouldnot take back one syllable,
one sentence, one denunciation, or one approba-
tion which he then uttered,. He stood on the same
ground still; it was just then, and it was just now.
He expressed 'doubts then, as he had a right to
do, of the policy, of the manner, in which our mili-
tary movements-in that quarter had been conduct-
ed. He believed, from reports, that our army was
suffering, hemmed in and surrounded as it was by
a Mexican force vastly superior in number; and
he suggested that it-was because General Taylor
had not called out the troops from the different
States as he was authorized to do. But probably
he was misinformed in his intelligence. If the
■ gentleman from Mississippi had read his speech,
he would see that he cast no censure on General
Taylor; and that whatever remarks he had made
about his movements and his position, he had a
right to make.
The gentleman had told them that an educated
soldiery had done this work. He denied this
assertion. If that was the case, no man could
be educated, or efficient, but who had emanated
from West Point. He (Mr. S.) reiterated all he
had said, and with more confidence, because they
now heard it charged, that a blacksmith or a tailor
was not competent to take charge of our army, or
to lead our army in the fight. Why, let him tell
1hat gentleman that as good soldiers came from
other classes—from the walks of civil life—as from
those who were educated at West Point. A tailor
may use a lance as well as a needle; and of all
the captains in that regiment, he wished it to be
observed, there was but one from West Point,; he
was the only one that was taken prisoner! He
spoke from the book, when he spoke of Lieuten-
ant Ilavdee as being the only captain in that regi-
ment who came from West Point, and he was
taken prisoner. He asked if Captain May was a
cadet? Did he emanate from West Point? Did
General Taylor emanate from West Point ? No,
neither of them. Nor did Captain Walker. AH
of those who had shone most brilliantly, came
from the ranks of the people—from the black-
smiths'and tailors'shops.
[A voice was understood to intimate that General
Greene was a blacksmith.]
Yes, (said Mr. S,,) I was just about to come to
that, because it is a part of my business, being a
blacksmith myself. With pride I refer to the fact
that General Greene was a blacksmith. Where is
your cadet from West Point, I ask, who has ever
shed lustre on the arms of the -country ? State me
one instance of this kind, and I will state you a
hundred where men who came from the common
walks of life have distinguished themselves by
their brave and patriotic services in the field of
battle. - - .
Mr. DAVIS :(in his seat) said if the gentleman
wished instances, lie could name them.
Mr. SAWYER, declining to yield, proceeded to
say that General Jackson was not a cadet from
West Point; General Harrison was not; General
Scott was not; General Jesup was not. There
was a .whole list of brave, gallant officers who
were none of them cadets. He did not say that a
good officer, a gallant, a brave soldier, could not
come from West Point. But he repudiated and
condemned the idea, that all the great, the noble
patriots of this country came fiom West Point,
and, except they pass through this institution,
that'jthey can have no ideas of bravery and ef-
ficient service in defence of their country. He
willingly rendered to these men the credit which
was their due. They had fought well, gallantly;
they deserved the gratitude and honor of their
country; but on that account he was not willing
to say that no man can fight well unless he comes
from West Point.
[Mr. MORRIS interposed, and was understood
to inquire of his colleague if Lieutenant Deas was
from West Point, who deserted the army and went
over to Matamoras.]
No doubt (continued Mr. S., apparently not
hearing the remark of his colleague) there were
some gallant spirits that have emanated from
West Point. He did not pretend to object to this;
all he took exception to was, that the whole credit
of this victory is to be given to graduates from
West Point. He had seen some fighting, and if
he was again to go to war, and his friends at
home with him, ho believed they would be entitled
to just as much credit for any services they might
render as though they had emanated from West
Point; and although the gentleman hailed from
West Point, he could not convince him that all
the gallant spirits came from West Point; but it
j-ather proved, what Mr. S. had before said, that
gentlemen educated at West Point came back, and
were prepared for the civil offices of the Govern-
ment, and some of them were sent here. That
was what he had said.
As to the resolutions,, Mr. S. repeated, in con-
clusion, he hoped they would be passed.
Mr. SEVERANCE obtained the floor, and
yielded it at request, for purposes of explanation,
to Mr. Jefferson Davis.
Mr. SEVERANCE said he concurred in the
propriety of the pending resolutions very heartily;
and he held that the gallantry of our oificers and
men deserved the notice of their country. He also
concurred with the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Davis,] in the opinion that service was ne-
cessary to the efficiency of a soldier. Neither he
nor the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sawyer,] had
the advantage of an education at the West Point
Academy; but it did not follow that he and the
gentleman had derived no benefit from that and
other institutions of education. Education was
diffused through the whole community by colleges
and academies. He believed that war could not
be carried on successfully without the aid of science,
and he instanced the fact that scientific officers of
the British army, availing themselves of the ser-
vices of native troops, have conquered and held in
subjection an empire in the East. It was to their
military science that this result was due. But it
was not to that alone. It was partly owing to the
fondness of the British race for fighting. He fear-
ed that the military spirit which prevailed among
us would be carried too far. He had hoped that
with the aid of thirty years of peace, and the ex-
ertions of the peace societies, the military spirit
had been somewhat subdued in this country; but
the young men who had risen up of late years
were earned away with this spirit, and were prompt
to rush into a war. He believed thatour Govern-
ment ought to take the first opportunity to stop
the Mexican war, whether we met success or de-
feat in it.
On a recent occasion, he had published his rea-
sons for voting against the bill supplying men and
money for this war. He would have willingly
voted the money, but he was unwilling to say that
Mexico had made a war against us. He would
now enter into that question, and would show that
the Nueces was the western boundary of Texas,
and had always been the boundary. The organ of
the Government had admitted that the military ex-
peditions into that territory, now disputed, were of
a predatory character". General Houston was cen-
sured by General Green and others for having tol-
erated them. The expedition to Mier was one of
robbery and plunder, and it was the only one that
went across the Rio Grande. The expedition was
utterly unsuccessful, and the adventurers in it were
treated as robbers.
Mr. MORRIS here made a point of order as to
the relevancy of the gentleman's remarks, but it
was overruled by the Chair.
Mr. SEVERANCE said that it was admitted
that Texas had no right to the country beyond the
Nueces, except under the articles of capitulation
at the battle of San Jacinto. He read the articles,
and argued that they had no binding force.
Mr. S. JONES interposed a question of order.
Was it important to know where the line was 111
order to judge whether it was proper to pass a vote
of thanks to our officers and men?
Mr. SEVERANCE said it was important to
know whether the battle was fought in the United
States or not.
The CHAIR overruled the objection, and Mr.
S. proceeded to read and comment on the articles
of capitulation, and to argue that they were not
worth a straw. General Lamar had treated them
as of no value. It was not believed that Santa
Ana had the power, if the will, to fulfil the stipula-
tions of the agreement. General Lamar objected
that Santa Anna had no authority, and was not free
to act. Thus the authority on which the Union
relied to show that the territory of Texas extended
to the Rio Grande utterly failed.
He went on to argue that Mexico had never, at
any time, promised the boundary of the Rio del
Norte to Texas. He read the conditions of the
treaty of peace and independence between Mexico
and Texas, submitted by the Ministers of France
and England to Mexico, and stated that they did
not. fix any boundary, but left the question of lim-
its to future arbitration. But Texas did not J'sten
to those propositions, and no. pretext could be
raised upon those in favor of the claim of iexas.
It was idle to say that the country m dispute
was occupied by American citizens, whom it was
our duty to protect. No citizens of that region had
ever called upon us for protection, and General
Taylor was an invader of Mexican territory. It
was not his fault, for he was acting under orders,
and it was the more creditable to him to gain vic-
tories under such circumstances.
Mr. A. D. SIMS made a point of order, which
was overruled by the Chair.
Mr. SEVERANCE passed to the consideration
of the proclamation of General Woll, and contend-
ed that General Woll did not admit that the Iiio
Grande was the boundary. Santa F'e and other
towns were always in the peaceable possession of
Mexico. They were so now, unless General Tay-
lor had got up so far, which was not probable.
The records of the diplomacy of the United
States had been examined to show that we claimed
Texas prior to 1819, as a part of Lousiana, with
the Rio Grande as the western boundary. But
tlie treaty of 1819 settled that question. The 54°
40' men ought certainly to stand by that treaty,
because it was that treaty which gave us the Span-
ish title to the whole of Oregon.
There had been no treaties with Mexico, and
none with Spain, which gave us any right to the
Rio Grande as the boundary. But after all the
action of this Government on the subject, gentle-
men here, still claimed that our territory extended
to the Rio Grande, as a part of Louisiana. He
read a speech of an honorable Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benton] upon the subject of this
boundary, to show that the real Texas never ap-
proached the Rio Grande, except in tlie vicinity of
its mouth.
Mr. S. sent a book to the Clerk's table with this
specch; somecxtiacts from which were read.
[Cries of "Read on; let us have the whole
book."]
Mr. S. said the speech was impartial, and the
whole of it was worthy of reading; but he did not
propose to read any more now. He wished'-to
show that this war was an unjust, an infamous
war, and that we were committing gross outrages
on Mexico. It was idle to deceive ourselves:" to
thrust our heads into the sand and suppose that
the world did not know what we were doing.
The opinion of the world would not sustain our
course of action on this subject.
Mr. BARKLEY MARTIN rose and said he
had not troubled the House with his remarks, ex-
cept on one occasion, during the session; but he
was now anxious to consume some twenty min-
utes of the time of the House, and he would not
longer detain them.
He wished to ask the Chair one question:
whether the gentleman from Maine, who had just
spoken, held a seat here by any authority of the
people of Maine, or as a delegate of the Govern-
ment of Mexico ? He would ask the gentleman
himself, who had displayed here such aiiti-Anicri-
can feelings, whether he represented Maine or
Mexico on this floor?
Mr. GIDDINGS here rose to a question of
order. The gentleman from Tennessee was ad-
dressing language of a personal and offensive kind
to a member.
The CHAIR did not sustin the objection.
Mr. MARTIN. The Chair does not hold the
remarks to be personal or disoiderly. The gentle-
man from Tennessee would be mortified to be call-
ed to order the second time that he ever attempted
to raise his voice here, if the call had been made by
any one except the member from Ohio. The  eii-
tleman from Tennessee would confine his remarks
to the question before tlie committee.
The question was, whether we should give a vote
of thanks to the general in command of the o-all&nt
army of occupation, and to the noble and generous
spirits that composed his army. The gfntleman
from Tennessee wished to confine his remarks to
that question, but he had been induced to leave it
and follow the gentleman from Maine in his ex-
traordinary remarks. He must persist in askm®-
