880
THE CONGRI«StONAL: dLOBfi.
May
the gentleman from Maine to show his authority
for holding a scat on this lloor,and to state whether
it was derived from Maine, or ft om a foreign Gov-
ernment? Undei the Constitution, the gentleman
could not represent a foreign Power and an enemy
m this House; as a delegate from Mexico, he had
no rurht to a seat here. He would ask, what had
been the arguments of the gentleman from Maine?
} lad he not, instead of defending our bold and
chivalrous army on the Rio Grande, defended the
enemy? This was the spirit of the gentleman's
leumrks, and lie had listened with astonishment to
them. He would now ask on which side the gen-
tleman was to be found m this contest? On which
aide will the gentleman stand ?
iVl r. SKVKRAINCK. 1 stand on the side of my
country—of my country's honor—on the side of
justice and ri^ht. I believe that the country will
sustain me—that the world will sustain me—and
prevent t lie shedding of blood. But I am in favor
< f the \ote of thanks to the army.
Mr. AIARTIN. The queMion is answered.
The gentleman says ho is in favor of the vote of
thanks. If tlie gentleman would show him the
newspaper—the Union—from which he was just
now reading, he would prove that the gentleman
had not always been of that mind. That was not
the ground taken by the gentleman heretofore, and
m his published addre>s. The gentlman had de-
clared that Mexico deserved the thanks of the
cmhml world for having lesisted the encroach-
ments of the United Slates, and for having defend-
<d herself against them.
Mr. SEVKRA.NCE. I said nothing about the
< i\ dived world.
Mr. MARTIN. The gentleman reminds me
of a political incident that occurred in the port of
the eountiy whore 1 reside. A question arose,
pending ihe election of delegates to the legisUture,
as to a certain nulldam m the election district.
The people ai>o\ e the dam were opposed to it, con-
sidnuig its effects unhealthy; and the people below
(he dam were m favor of it. A "very ardent can-
didate for the suffrages of the people of the district
made a speech to the people, but said nothing about
the great question of thedam. At-thceloso of his
speech, the people cried out, "Yon have not told
4 us what are your sentiments on the subject of the
' dam." " l'Yiiow-ntizens," replied the candidate,
" I am an independent man." "Butdo nil,"said
the eiti/,( ns, *'whether you arc for the dam or
' against it." " Tin n," replied the candidate, " I
' say boldly, as an independent man, that 1 am j[
' neither for nor against the nnlhiam." The j!
gentleman from Maine is in favor of a vote, of
thanks to our army, and also a vote of thanks to
the Mexican army and the Mexican (*overnment.
The gentleman had volunteered to defend Mexican
light-;, and had said that Mexico deserved the
(hanks of the woild for having defended herself
against (mi* ag^u'ssions. Mexico needed help in
litis contest, and she had got it from the gentleman
from Maine. The gentleman's name would live
long in the memory of Mcxicmw.
He had one lemark more to make. The gentle-
man had denounced this war as infamous and
criminal. Would not this crime and this infamy
prevent the gentleman from cordially and seriously
giving his thanks to the American army J
Mr. yiiVKItliNCE explained. lie had not
used llu'hC epithets himself. ]Je had said that a
diMniguished individual from Missouri had thus
characterised the war.
Mr. MARTJN had (he said) understood the
genLlem.m to snv that lie aiTc-d with the authority
to which he referred, that the war was infamous
and unjust.
Mr.'SEVERANCE had said expressly (he re-
marked) that he would not use the word infa-
mous.
Mr. MARTIN. The gentleman is not relieved.
If i had u«ed the sentiments m an address to my
constituents that he has done to his, 1 know very
well what my constituents would have said; they
would have classed me, not with the defender^ of
the honor and interests of the country, but with
those who were distinguished for adherence to the
enemies of their country. Sir, the gentleman
thanks Mexico for the bold stand she lias taken
against us,
Mr. SEVERANCE. I do not thank her at all.
i said she was acting in self-defence. Will Ameri-
cans condemn that in others which they approve in
themselves ?
Mr. MARTIN. Sir, the gentleman said" that
Mexico was light, and that she deserved the thanks
of the civilized world for defending her rights.
The gentleman had attempted to wipe out1 the foul
stain from the character of Mexicans, and fix it
upon his own country. The Mexicans were to
be honored for what they had done. They were
to be honored for the murder of the gallant Colonel
Cross. They were to be honored for making his
wife a widow, and his children fatherless. 1'hey
were to be honored, were they, for the murder of
Lieutenant Porter, the gallant* son of the'latc and
distinguished Commodore Porter 1 Not satisfied
with honoring the coldblooded murder of Colonel
Cross, the gentleman had sanctioned1 all'the other
murders committed by Mexico.
Mr. SEVERANCE hero remarked that he had
said nothing about the murder of Colond Cross.
The Mexican Government had nothing to do with
it. The Mexican Government was acting rightly
and m self-defence; and ought they not to be hon-
ored for it ? lie would ask if it was not a proper
sentiment that a nation should be honored for
fending its rights ?
Mr.MAUTtN. Honored? Honor, Mr. Chair-
nun,is to ho bestowed upon cold-blooded butchery.
The Mexicans are to he honored for the murder of
the noble and gallant Porter, and of all who would
defend their country against Mexican outrages.
He would ask whether the mother of the murdered
otheer would honor the Mexicans for the exploit ?
When that patriotic, and devoted mother hcaid of
the fatal deed, she wrote to her remaining son, an
oilicer of the navy, and expressed a wish to .see
him. One of her sons had been murdered, and she
wished to clasp to her heart the other, and bid him
go and re\enge the death of his brother. But the
gentleman from Maine comes here to do honor to
Mexico and to Mexicans for such conduct. This
Mgilant repiesontative of Mexico on this floor was
nut content to honor Mexico for hei conduct, but
he condemned the (Jovcriunent of the United States
for resenting it. lie had thought, when the gen-
tleman rose to-day, that he intended to give in his
adhesion to his own country.
Mr. SEVERANCE did so, he said, to his coun-
try, but not to the acts of his Government.
Mr. MARTIN. The gentleman honors-and
applauds Mexico for invading our country—the
vei y pai t of ihe country where, by the gentleman's
own assent, we had established a custom-house, at
the present session.
Mr. SEVTUI ANt'E did nof know (he said) that
he had assented to that act. There was no discus-
sion upon it. He was not sure that he was piesent
when it passed.
Mr. MARTIN. It was the gentleman's duty to
be present; ami there was no discussion, because
theie was no dispute as to the act.
This was the only occasion (Mr. M. said) upon
which a vote of thanks to the urmy for their ser-
vices had ever been made (he subject of discussion.
Ho had therefore taken the opportunity to remark
upon the extraordinary sentiments of the gentle-
man from Maine; and he would add, that tV)egen-
tleman's views were extremely offensive to some
of his own party. How dillcrent should be the
course of all when the country is in danger.
Mr. SEVERANCE. I apprehend no danger
from Mexico.
Mr. MA RTIN. Neither do I apprehend danger
from Mexico, but from the friends of Mexico at
home. We know where to find Mexico in the open
field, but there arc those in favor of upholding Mex-
ico m all her acts that 1 am afraid of. Thank God,
however, such men are few and far between. In
Ins own State there was no distinction of party on
this question. All there were for their country,
and m favor of maintaining its proper boundaries,
whether the question related to the A roostook, the
Sabine, or the Rio Grande.
Mr. GIDJMNGK took fhc floor, and
Mr. TUUltM AN moved that the, committee rise.
The committee then rose, and reported progress.
[A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of J.
iv. Walker, Esq., his Private Secretary.
A message was received front the Senate, in-
forming the IJousc that the Senate had concurred
in the amendment of this House to the bill to es-
tablish certain post-routes, and for other purposes.]
THE ARMY OF OCCUPATION*
Mr. BAYLY offered a resolution, providing tha
! all debate on the joint resolution 'should cease^in
five minutes after ft should have been taken up in
committee. -
Mr, JOSEPH J. McJDOWELL had hoped that
a resolution giving the thanks of Congress to .the,
army of the,United States -would not need the ap-
plication of the gag.
Mr. BAYLY said that, like the gentleman from
Ohio, {Mr. McDowell,] he ha<J hQ^ed that debate
would not have arisen" on a resolution of thanks.
But it had arisen, and it ought to be, stopped.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. McICAY desired to say a single word.
The SPEAKER said a motion to adjourn was
pending.
Mr. McKAY hoped it would be withdraw.n.
And he desired, under the consent of the House,
to say that he presumed all intended to vote for a #
resolution of thanks. The IJousc could ^it once,
this evening, now, adopt such a resolution without
again going into committee, or accompanying it
with any proposition at all for extra pay.
Mr. VINTON said that for the purpose of the
introduction bf a simple resolution of thanks, he
would withdraw his motion.
So the motion to adjourn was withdrawn.
Mr. BROCKENRROTJGH thereupon, on leave
given, introduced the following joint resolution,
which was read twice:
Rc$o!ye<l in; the Senate and TTome of Representatives of .
the United States of in Congress assembled. That
tin" thanks of Congress ate due, and are hereby tendered, to
(tODOmI Ziichary Taylor, crmwyuniitiK the army of occupa-
tion, his officers and men, for the fortitude, skill, enterprise,
and murage which have distinguished thu recent brilliant;
operations) on the Hit) Grande.
Mr. BAYLY then withdrew his resolution,
(simply suggesting to Mr. Buockf.nbhougu that
the rank of the gallant officer commanding the
army of occupation was J\Jajor General, and not
General, as stated in the joint resolution.
The resolution was accordingly so modified.
And the question being then on ordering it to a
third reading,
Mr. HAltALSON suggested to Mr. Brocken-
brouqh so to modify it aa" to retain the resolution
requesting the President to communicate the fore-
going*^.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH so modified it.
Mr. GILES suggested a further modification, so
aft to add the provision (in Mr. Bjiinkcriiofk^s
resolution) which expresses the sympathy of Con-
gress with the relatives and friends of the gallant
dead.
Mr. BIIOCKENBUOUGII accepted the modi-
fication.
And the joint resolution, thus modified, was
ordered to a third reading now.
And having been read a third time, by its title,
was passed unanimously, in the following form,
to wit:
JOINT RESOLUTION predentin? the thanks of Congress
to Major General Taylor, Ins odieers arid men.
Rewlvrd hij the Senate ami llfiisc of licprcimtrdive? of the
United Stut'f^ of Jimerica in Cjnqrca assembled, That the
thanks of Congress are due, and are hereby tendered, to
Ihevet Major General Zaeliary Taylor, commanding the
anny of occupation, bis officers and men, for the fortitude,
skill, enterprise, and courage, which have distinguished the
recent brillmritoperations on the Kio Grande.
,/Jndbrit faith e-r resolveJ, That Congress suieciulj&sym-
patlnze with the relatives and friends of the officers and
soldiers of the army of the United States who so bravely lell
m the service ot their country on the Rio Grande.
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause the
foregoing resolutions to he communicated to Major Geneial
Taylor, and through him to the anny under his command,
Mr. BAYLY desired to know how the object of
making it appear on the Journal that the resolution
had passed unanimously could be attained?
Mr. DllOMGOOLE suggested that, as a matter
of course, he presumed the fact would'appear on
the Journal.
The SPEAKER said it would bo so ordered.
And then, at a late hour,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 29, 1846.
Mr. CHALMERS presented the petition of
Thos. P. Winston, praying the reimbursement of
the amount of a judgment obtained against him by
the United States,andpaid into the treasury; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed. ,    
Mr. CALHOUN presented a petition of citizens
