886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
The bill for the relief of Nathan Smith, Chailes
K. Smith, and others, was read a third tune and
passed.
Mr. WENTWOIITH mo^ed a reconsideration
of the vote.
The House refused to rcconsider.
The joint resolution for the ivliei of both M.
Leavenworth was road a third time and passed,
WKNTWORTH moved a reconsideration
of the vote; hut withdrew the motion*
Mr. HARALSON" renewed it.
Mr. WENTWORTli moved that the motion
he laid on the table.
Mr. HOPKINS made an earnest appeal on be-
half of the claimant, whose case, on the score of
justice, ^he said,) was one of the strongest that had
 *ver been presented.
Whereupon, the motion to reconsider was with-
drawn.
The joint resolution for the relief of the heirs of
Doctor John Gray, deceased, coming up on the
question of engrossment,
Mr. HARALSON moved to lay a*ude the pri-
\ate calendar, with a view to go into Committer of
the Whole 011 the .state of the Union.
The yeas and nay* weiv.isked and ordered; and,
being taken, resulted as follows:
YF. St"p!u'ii Atlnin^, lintjcr. H'-iuon, Bi£<r>
«l:uue> V. lil.tck, iiunkrtliotf, Uioekenbumisli. Unit,
Allium W Campbell, Cathe.ut, Auj-ii-tu> A Chapman,
Jteubcn Oliapmau. (Tlm«e, <'hiprn.tn, Cob?), Cul'in, Ctiiioin
(Umninirmuti, .letieiMjn DutK Dobbin, Dromuoole, ihuihtp,
ICIUwmth, Kidman, m /I iiw ins;, Ftekhti, Files, G.a-
\ni, (iilef., Giover, HaiaKou, H.-nicy, Mi>«y, Mu" L. Hnltm'Sj
ilopknw, George S Hoti-jon, Jame^ B. Hunt, Ttimfr!', Jo-
M ph Johnson, Andrew Jolm>ou, Gi-oiije, \\r. Joiie.-;, Seaborn
Jolted Keiinedv, PteMon Kuisi, Lnwienee, Luakc, Lumpkin,
MeCJeriiJuul, Mi Cmim-ll, TVI<_ C't ate, Ju.-cph J.
MeDmvcll, John P. Maitia. H;ukle\ Martin, iVfonK jUoixt;,
iUnilton, \Tiven, Wmi-, OwVn, Purrj^h, Penill,lYr-
ly. JJenl, Rlietf, Kur<*r, Itu-^ell, Xnvtelle, Wawver, Hc.nn-
moo, Seaman, Ak-vi'inler D. Suns Thomas Smith, Rolv it
S'liith, SUriaveafher. St. John. Strong, J.icoh Tiiomp-.on,
TiblwtN, Tiedway, YVentwortL, Wiek, William^. i\'ood-
Maiil, Yell, and Vo>t—83.
1VAVS—.Me-=Hs*. Abbott, AinoM, A-ltmu-t, Hell. Blaiich-
aid, Milton Brown, (Auioll, John Chapman, Claikt',
CiK-kc, Cranston, Cuh'ei, Cummins, Danu-l, J).urayli,
Matt, Dillingham, Dnekorv, Ed-all, Graham," Coder, finn-
ni'll, Hamlin, Hampton, Merrick, Ellas B. Holmes, flouarli,
John VV. Houston, Samuel FX Hubbard, HiuIhom, Hunger-
ford, Washington Hunt, Joseph It. jfuger oU, Joiiktiis, Daniel
P. Km?, Thomas Butler King, Le.jb, Levvi>y Lam#, Maclay,
IWeCloan. McIIenrv, Mcllvajiie. Miller, Mosejey, I'emUrtmi,
Pollock, Ramsey, ftathfoun, J. A. Rockwell, Root, Sehenek,
Setldon, Severance, Albert Smith, Stewart. Sfrohm, Svkes,
Tlinmu.-^on, Benjamin Thompson, Tilden, Tnimbo, White,
YVnuhrop, VYoodwoith, Wii^ht, and Young--U7. 1
So the private calendar was set aside. i
PAY DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY. !
The House resolved itself into Committee of
the"Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. ITami.i.v, <
of Maine, in the chair,) and ) mmied the consider- (
ation of the bill making certain alterations in the ;
pav department of the army. I
The pending question being on the following I
amendment of Mr, Hr.vcKuroRD: |
" That in .six months aftei the termination of the j
'war with Mexico, the paymaster depailuioni ;
< shall he reduced to one paymaster general and 1
4 fifteen Assistant paymasters." j
Mr. HURT was enmied to the floor. Fie dis- '
claimed any intemion !o di.^uss the irrelevant !
<|ueMions which had been inlrouueid into the!
debate. iNorhnd he anything to siy in auswerto |
the gentleman fmm Ohio, [Mr. Uiduin-os,] or the j
gentlemen from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Sti;ivart.] i
i)ut if lie (Mr. B.) were disposed to tiavel beyond j
the bill under consideration, he would be ready to
bear teslnnony tliot theeliarges eoniphunedof !>y the
gentleman from Pennsylvania were gratuitous nnd
unfounded. If that ^entlemnn, or the political ,
party with whieh he was associated, had been j
charged with withholding their votes from any
appropriations, however reckless or extravagant, i
his (Mr. B.'s) experience for three sessions enabled f
him to say that such charges were without foun- ,
dation. That was the last chfii^e that any news- !
paper organ, or partisan, should bring against the
gentleman or his party.
Mr. B. now passed on to an explanation of the
several provisions of the bill, showing the neces-
sity, with reference to the organization and effi-
ciency of the army, of its passage.
Mr. B. then directed his attention to the amend-
ment of Mr. A. Johnson, proposing to strike out
the second section of the bill, which repeals the
act of 1820, limiting the term of office to four years.
Mr. B. was opposed to it. He referred to the se-
rious inconvenience whieh had been felt from the
; operation of the law. The paymaster was a mili-
tary officer, subject to the rules and articles of war,
and to trial and punishment b)r court-martial. He
■ was not a civil otHcer when the army was in the
, field; and none of the analogies which found so
: much favor with some of his (Mr. 13.'s) democrat-
j ic friends applied to an officer of this-kind. It was
; an anomaly m the military system that an officer
I strictly military should go out of office at the end
: of four years; and he took leave to say that he dif-
f fered essentially from some of tire sentiments and
' arguments he had heard here. He had supposed
; that public offices wore public trusts, creaked for
| the benefit of the people, and that the mere under-
j strappers and hangers-on of party were not to be
piovidcd for by their creation. He maintained
that they were created for the efficiency and benefit
| of the public, service, and ho knew no better quali-
fication for a public officer than capacity for his
duty. He did not recognise the principle that pub-
lic oliices were made for party favorites or for
men.
! The President had an unrestricted power of re-
; movnl in the case of these officers. If any of them
. were incompetent, therefore, they might at any
! time bo diMmsM-d. He trusted thai the clause, as
' it stood m the bill, would be retained.
Mr. ATiCLXKON was an ardent friend of the
President of the United States, nnd his Adminis-
11 ation, and was in favor of giving them all the
I necessary means to carry on this war with vigor;
j but he had yet to learn that it was desired by them
I that this bill should pass without amendment. He
i would not say one word rurainst the appointment
I of additional paymasters, lie had a most, profound
j rcspta-l f'>r the opinion of the Committee on Mtli-
i tury Allaire, und the Secretary of Wai. This
I measure was recommended by them. He should
| therefore vote toauthm i70 the appointment of these
j additional paymasters.
But he wholly protested against the section
J whieh proposed to repeal so much of the act of
1 18520 as limits the appointment of these officers to
four years. He went to hold all public officers to
strict accountability and responsibility; and this
House could not be too rigid in enforcing this
strictness upon those who have charge of our mon-
etary affairs. Wh<?n this section of the act of 1820.
which they now sought to repeal, was passed, we
were, but recently out of a war. We had passed
,rhaiously through the war of jtfj*"}; and during
this time, and down to the^e officers had
been appointed, and their bonds renewed, every
four yeais. That Congress—forjrood reasons un-
doubtedly—made this limitation. Since that time
this provision of law had worked well. No evils
had resulted from it; and the paymaster genera)
told them in his report, whieh had been referred to,
that there were none of these paymasters who
wished a reappointment but had received it.
Mr. BURT (Mr. A, yielding) stated that the act
of 18^20 was passed after the close of the war, and
reduced the establishment of the army. During
the war, and up to 1820, there was no limitation of
the tenure of the office, and there never had been
in time of war.
Air. ATKINSON (continuing') assented to the
explanation of the gentleman. Twenty-six years
had elapsed (he said) since the passage of that
law: it had woiked well, and no evils had resulted
from it. Why, then, were they now called upon
in hot haste to repeal it*
But it was important that the law should con-
tinue as it was now. The pica for its repeal was,
that although under the bill, as leportcd, these offi-
cers were appointed for life, they were nevertheless
responsible to the President, who was at liberty to
look into the state of their accounts at any time,
ami was required to do so once in four years, and
who could discharge them at pleasure. To this
Mr. A. replied, that the President of the United
States had more, officers now in Washington than
he can watch over; and if his duties were thus to
be incn.-ascd in relation to these paymasters in
Texas, Louisiana, and Oregon, neither Mr. Polk
nor any other man could attend them. He referred
to the practice under a similar law in his State, and
to the general knowledge of gentlemen, for the fact
that no public officer is ever called upon to renew
his bonds, except the matter is brought forward
by some person who shows they are insecure.
The President would presume that all was fair
until the contrary was shown.
Mr. A. advanced other and additional arguments'
in favor of striking out tke second secfeion of the-
bin, and of leaving this provision of the 'law of
1820 to stand as at present, contending that it wa 
absolutely necessary—first, for the security of th©
Government, and next, for the safety of the secu-
rities themselves, that these disbursing officers
should execute their bonds periodically.
He replied to the argument of the Paymaster
General, and of gentlemen in this House, m favor
of the repeal of tfie present limitation of the tenure
of these offices, founded on the inconvenience and
detriment to the service that might arise from their
being obliged to leave their distant posls while
they repaired to Washington' or elsewhere to re-
new their bonds, stating that they might be renew-
ed by communicating powers of attorney to indi-
viduals on the ground, and thus this difficulty be
obviated. He also urged the difficulty,as illustra-
ted by past experience of the Government, of dis-
charging men from office or abolishing their office-
when the occupants are appointed without limita-
tion of term. Let. the patriots who were ready to
serve their country in these offices know when they
were appointed, that it was only fbr the war, and
let the existing limitation- of law concerning those
already in office continue.
Mr. McHENRY advocated the repeal of the law
of 1820 relative to paymasters, (proposed by the-
sccond section of the bill,) as tending to render the?
army more efficient than it was under the present
regulation. Headverted to'the inconvenience and
detriment to the service occasioned by the expira-
tion of the term of office, and the necessity for the-
officer to abandon his duties to procure new secu-
rity, and urged the propriety of this repeal, not on
account of the benefit or convenience of indvidu-
als, but of the service, expressing willingness tcr
adopt nil necessary measures to its efficiency.
Mr. JEFFERSON DA.VrS said there were two
positions taken in relation to the bill which he
thought intorroet: first, that it became necessary
from the war existing with Mexico; second, that
it was designed to relieve the paymasters from op-
pressive duty. By referring to the report of the
Paymaster (General, which accompanied the Pres-
ident's Message at the commencement of this ses-
sion of Congress, it will be found, that before this
wftr commenced, and in reference to the then con-
demn of the army, an increase of the paymasters
wai desired; nnd in the close of his report a con-
vincing statement was made for the necessity of an
Assistant Paymaster General—not, as has been as-
sumcd, to reside here, but to superintend payments?
in the military district of the Southwest; and this
was enforced by the fact that, he was then compel-
led to station a senior paymaster at headquarters
of the army in Texas to discharge the duties of
assistant to the Paymaster General. Sir, it is not
to relieve the paymasters from fatigue, but to in-
sure prompt and regular payments to the troops,
that this increase was asked, ff the number of
paymasters be half of those required to make pay-
ments to the army at the regular periods, which is
every two months, it follows that the payments will
be delayed, and occur every four or every six
months. The hardship would fall entirely on the
troops to be paid, not on the disbursing officers who
pay them. And as to the amount of service which
the paymasters can be required to perform without
destroying the efficiency of the departmental think
gentlemen should allow the Paymaster General to
be a better judge than ourselves. But to aid us in
a conclusion, he has given the fact, that to pay at
all the posts and arsenals as often as the law re-
quires, would require travelling to exceed 100,000
miles per annum. This referred entirely to the
state of things as they existed prior to a war with
Mexico.
The second section of the bill changes the ten-
ure, which is now an anomaly in the service, either
land or naval. Quartermasters, commissaries, offi-
cers of the engineer department engaged in the
construction of works, are charged with disburse-
ments which cannot be so closely supervised as
those of the pay department. It is the same case
with pursers in the navy, yet all these hold their
offices during the pleasure of the President; which,
by practice, is consideied equal to duririg good
behavior.
This bill seeks to place paymasters on the same
footing with other disbursing officers of the army;
and I see no reason why they should be made an
exception to the rule. Their attendance upon a
