1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
880
committed to scientific persons', who give practical
effect to the labors of the diplomatists. If, there-
fore, the parallel of fifty-four forty should remain
a paper instead of a visible boundary till dooms-
day, it would nevertheless be a barrier, beyond
which we could not pass, and might at any time
be ascertained-by astronomical observations,'and
marked upon the ground, should such a measure,
become necessary-to assert the jurisdiction of the
one party, or to arrest that of the other.
After quoting the third article of our treaty with
Russia, the honorable Senator proceeds to quote
the third article of the treaty between Russia and
England, regulating their mutual pretensions to the
same region. And he controls the construction of
one treaty, by what legitimate process I know not,
by the provisions of the other. He says, and
strangely too, that " they are identical in objects,
and nearly in terms." Identical m objects ! Why,
sir, one is a treaty between the United States and
Russia for the adjustment of their mutual preten-
sions, and the other is a treaty between England
and Russia for the adjustment of their pretensions.
Until it i«? shown, that American pretensions and
English pretensions are the same, the identity of
the objects of these treaties will be among: the dis-
coveries, that are yet to be made. "Nearly identi-
cal in terms /" This, sir, is almost an equal mis-
take. To show it, I will quote this third article of
the Anglo-Russian treaty:
u Art. 3. The line of demarcation between the posses-
sions of the high contracting panics upon the coast of the
continent and the island? of America, to the northwest,
shall de drawn in the manner following: commencing fiom
the southernmost point of the island, called Piince of
\\ ales' Island, which point lies m the parallel of5t°40',
and the 133c! degree of west longitude, (meiidian of Gieen-
wich,) the said line shall ascend to the north, along the
channel called Portland Channel as far as the point of the
continent, where ft striken the 58th degreo of north latitude ;
fiom this last mentioned point to the point of intersection
of the 141st degree of west longitude, will prove to bo at the
distance of more than ten maune leagues fiom the ocean;
the limit between the British possessions and the line of
coast which is to belong to Russia as ahovementioned,
ihall be fmmed by a line parallel to the windings of the
coasit, and which shall never exceed the distance of ten
maune leagues therefiom. And the line of demarcation
shall follow the summit of the mountains, situated parallel
to the eoa^t, as far a? the point of mteisection of the 141st
degree of west longitude, (of the <?nme meridian,) and finally
Ironi the said point of intersection the said meridinn line of
the 141st degree on the piolongation, as /ar as the Frozen
ocean, bhali form the limit between the Russian and Brit-
ish possessions on the continent of America to ihenoith-
we&t."
Now, sir, I do not quote this article, because it
has the slightest bearing upon our claim, or ought to
have upon our investigation of its extent; but to
show the mistake, into.which the honorable Sena-
tor has been led, when he considers these two arti-
cles as identical, either in their objects or in their
terms. They are almost as dissimilar in the one,
as in the other. The effort of Russia was the
same. It was to procure a recognition from the
only parties, whose claims interfered with hers, of
her title to that part of the country. This she
effected by a stipulation with the United States,
that they would assert no pretensions north of
54° 40' generally, and a stipulation with England,
that she would assert none north of the same line,
and west of ten marine leagues from the coast.
On her part, Russia relinquished all her preten-
sions south of 54° 40', but without touching the
conflicting claims of the other parties, leaving them
to adjust these in their own manner as they would,
. or as they could; and both England- and the Uni-
ted States are as free this day to assert each its
own title, and to oppose that of its adversary, as
they were before the execution of these conven-
tions with Russia.
I therefore remove from this discussion all the
honorable Senator has said respecting the objects,
the terms, and the effect of this treaty between
England and Russia. We were no parties to it.
It was formed a year after our treaty with the lat-
ter Power, and we had just as much right to regu-
late the descent of the crowns of Russia and Eng-
land, as those Powers had to regulate our right to the
Oregon territory. In fact, they assumed no such
monstrous pretensions. And I must confess my
surprise, that their arrangements are introduced
here, as binding or controlling our territorial claims.
And yet these two articles are placed by the hon-
orable Senator in juxtaposition, as though they
were parts of the same instrument, and his deduc-
tions respecting our rights seem to be drawn from
one or the other indiscriminately: so much so, that
the Senator actually says  " I have shown you the
' limits as established with Russia in 1824; I have
4 produced the treaties (not treaty) which establish
i them, and here, also, is a map, which illustrates
' them, and shows everything precisely as I have
4 read it from the treaties," (not treaty.) He then
proceeds to point out errors, which it is not neces-
sary to examine, for they have reference exclusive-
ly to the treaty between Great Britain and Russia,
and notto that between Russia and the United States.
Our treaty merely provides that the parallel of 54°
40' shall be our northern boundary. Now, what
have the errors of geographers or map makers, in
the protraction of the line between Russia and
England, to do with the plain undeniable bounda-
ry which limits our possessions ?—a boundary so
plain, indeed, that he who runs may read it in the
treaty. What, therefore, is the direction of the
other line—the Anglo-Russian line—which the
Senator has discussed, and whether it goes to 55°,
or 56°, or 63°, or, indeed, to the north pole,
touches us as little as any other question in politi-
cal geography.
Then, sir, fifty-four forty is resuscitated, brought
to life—an existing boundary, to which we may
go, but beyond which we may not pass. "We can
jam up to it without any imputation upon our wis-
dom or our honor; 44 and the place where it was" is
yet there, and there it unll continue to be.
It will be recollected, sir, that the honorable Sen-
ator has staked this issue upon the existence of
this line of 54° 40'; and when we point to the Rus-
sian treaty, he attempts to meet us by his construc-
tion of a treaty, and of the causes that led to it,
bei ween Russia and England. We repudiate this,
and refuse to have our line annihilated without our
concent.
The line, then, exists, though the honorable
Senator says it is confined by the precise terms of
the treaty " to the islands and coasts, and having
no manner of relation to the continent." And
again: "This is the Russian tine on the continent
' with Great Britain: the United States have no
4 continental line, either with Russia or Great
' Britain."
Strange assertions, as I shall show. Were this
even so, still we should hare our favorite line,
though it might stop short of the eastern extent of
our claim, and though the honorable Senator says
we have tl no boundary at 54° 40'." But where
does this line stop in its easterly progress ? The
honorable Senator says it does not touch the 44 con-
tinent." Why he makes it an insular boundary,
in the very face of an express stipulation, that it
shall extend to the 44 islands and the coasts," 1
know not. As he gives no reasons for this limita-
tion of the natural construction of the article—not,
indeed, its natural construction merely, but its ex-
press and positive declaration—I must be permit-
ted to believe, that coast is the coast of the continent,
and the islands u the islands adjacent to it." Ad-
jacent to what? To the coast. To what coast?
To the northwest coast of America. The treaty
recognises two geographical divisions—the coast,
or continent, and the adjacent islands. The hon-
orable Senator says it is confined to the islands,
and does not extend to the continent, or coast. I
cannot argue this point.
By each of these convenlions, he says,<s the Rus-
4 s-ian claim is confined to the coasts and islands: and
4 by each the same limit is given both to the. United
( States and Great Britain," fyc. 44 It teas a limit
4 wholly in the water, not at all on the land; the Brit-
4 ish only reached it by going through Portland Chan-
<nel"
I do not understand this at all, sir. The Senator
one moment says that the United States and Great
Britain have both the same limit; in the next, that
our line never touches the land, but the British line
does. The fact is, they have not the same line at
all. Ours is the parallel of 54° 40', continental and
insular, for the distinction of the Senator between
the two is wholly gratuitous, unknown to the con-
vention. The British line commences at a point on
that parallel, and then quits it, running thence such
courses, as give to Russia an irregular parallelo-
gram, extending north and south along the coast,
and east in width ten marine leagues from the sea.
But what is the meaning of the phrase northwest
coast of America in this connexion? To what ex-
tent may it be fairly said to reach? In the British
treaty, as above quoted, the question is placed be-
yond controversy. The Russian possessions, as
between England and Russia, are limited to ten
marine leagues from the coast. As between Rus-
sia and us there is'no limitation, and if a limitation
be sought, it must be found in the circumstances
and in a fair application of the language to them.
It is a geographical fact, well known to all, who
have investigated the subject, that the northwest
coast of Jimerica is the name, by which a large but
indefinite region upon the shores of the Pacific,
extending eastward without positive limits, was
designated and recognised, as well in works of ge-
ography and history, as in diplomatic documents.
It was a descriptive term, applied to a vast coun-
try. I shall place this beyond controversy, by
reference to unquestionable authorities.
In the very convention with England of 1818, by
which a joint occupation of Oregon is held, the
whole country itself is distinguished by this appel-
lation :
"It is agreed that anyeountiy, that may be claimed by
either party on the nortk>cest coast of Jimerica westward of
the Stony Mountains,"&e.
And twice in that instrument the said country
is alluded to. And it will be seen, that this desig-
nation carries the region described by it to the
Rocky Mountains; or, in other words, designates
the whole country by that comprehensive term.
In the British statement, annexed to the protocol
of the sixth conference, by Messrs. Huskisson and
Addington, British Plenipotentiaries in the negotia-
tion of"1826-527, it is said:
"The Government of Great Britain, in proposing to renew
for the teun of f*n ycais the third article of the convention
of 1818, rejecting the territory on the northwest coast oj
America we^t of the Rocky Mountain4:," &c.
"Spam ceded to the CJnitod States all their rights and
claim on the western coast of America, and north ot the 42d
degiee."
In the Nootka Sound convention, the country
generally is called the northwest coast.
In the counter statement by Mr. Gallatin, he
speaks of the "territory in question," and he says:
"That by the Nootka convention, all the parts of thenorfft-
west coast oj tdiiiericu, occupicd by eithei party," &.e.
Using the terms territory and northwest coast as
convertible, and designating the same country.
44 Finally," says Mr. Rush, in the histoi y of his
residence at the Court of London, pa°;e 372, "it
' was agreed that the country on the northwest coabt
' of America, westward of the Rocky Mountains,
4 claimed by cither party,"&c.
Mr. Adams, m a letter to Baron Tuyl, dated
May 7, 1823, speaks of the 44 rights and interests
which have been brought into collision upon the
northwest coast."
In the instructions from Mr. Adams to Mr. Mid-
dleton, dated 23d July, 1823, he describes the coun-
try as the northwest coast. He says:
" A Russian charter gave to the American Company the
nortk'vest coast of America, from 53° to Bhermg's Straits.5*
He further says, m a letter to Mr. Middleton:
"You are authorized to propose an article of the same
import for the term of ten vcars, tor the Mgnatnre of a joint
convention between the United States, Great Britain, and
RUfcM<l. 
He says, in the same letter to Mr. Rush:
"If the British Northwest and Hudson's Ba) Company
have any postrf on the const, as suggested m the article ui
the Quarterly Review, above cited," the third article of the
convention of the 20th October, 1818, is applicahle to thein.
Mr. MtddJcton is authorized to ptopo&e an article of simiiar
import to be inserted in a joint convention between the Uni-
ted States, Great Britain, and Russia, forateim often years
from if signature. You are authorized to make the same
proposal to the. British Government; and with a view to
draw a definite line of demarcation for the future, to stipu-
late that no settlement shall hereafter be made on the north-
west coast, av on any uf the islands adjoining, by Rus.-ian
subjects south of latitude 55°; by citizens of the United
States north of 51°; or by British subjects either south of
51° or north of 55°."
" For it showed," says the honorable Senator
from Missouri, in a speech in 1842, " that the Brit-
ish had no rights on the northwest coast." " It was
not until we discovered the Columbia, that she re-
newed her claim to any territory on the northwest
coast." "O'urtitleisgood against England through-
out the coast," &c.
This language is conclusive. It is obvious, that
the whole northwest coast, or Oregon, is referred to;
and the parties claiming it are recognised as the
United States, Great Britain, and Russia. A divis-
ion of their respective pretensions is proposed by
east and west lines, thus separating the region into
three districts, lying respectively north or south of
one another. There is no difference in the descrip-
tion of their claims. Insular or continental, they
are all the same in their eastern extension.
These proofs, that the descriptive appellation
northwest coast was applied generally to the country
