890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June I,
north of California, and west of the Ilocky Moun-
tains, might be multiplied almost indefinitely; but
it is not necessary; the examples already given es-
tablishing the fact beyond controversy. If, there-
fore, the honorable Senator from Missouri seeks to
confine the epithet northwest coast to the narrow
region within sight and sound of the surges of the
ocean, he seeks a construction and contraction, in-
consistent with the historical geography of the
country, as well as with the rights and intentions
of the parties. Our northwest coast, which is now
our Oregon, by the arrangement with Russia,can-
not extend north of 54° 40', and her northicest coast
cannot extend south of that line. The longitudinal
extent of either is a question, that does not concern
the other. Our claim in that direction is from the
Pacific to the Rocky Mountains. Russia, sincc
her treaty with us, has entered into a convention
with Kngland, by which she restricts her claim to
an extent of ten marine leagues from the coast.
Before that, she was free to carry her title to the
Rooky Mountains, the eastern boundary of the
northwest coast. This subsequent arrangement
neither affects our rights nor our duties, and 54°
40' is yet the barrier, beyond \\ hiehwe cannot pass.
What would be. the condition of the parties if
Russia had formed no eomention with Knglond?
What right should we then have to .<<\y, that the
Russian pictensions do not extend over the whole
of the country of the northwest coast* but are limited
to ten marine leagues froni it? None whatever.
And how_ can a subsequent convention, between
other parties, regulate a prior instrument, to which
we were a party? When we made an arrangement
with Russia, our country of the northwest coast
stretched to the Rocky Mountains. We promised
that Power, that we would not pass the parallel of
f)4-° in our northern progress. What right
luue we to say that Russia did not mean, by the,
same descriptive words, what we meant, or* that
that Power did not assert any claim over the coun-
try designated by them ? The northwest coast for
her, says the honorable Senator, is the islands ad-
jacent to it; while for us it is the whole country to
the Rocky Mountains! Our dunes are to be judged
by existing circumstances, and not by subsequent
arrangements between different parties. With the
motives of Russia, or the consideration, which Eng-
land gave her for the cession, we have no concern,
/{ad the former Power ceded her whole claim to
the latter, our obligations would have remained the
same, I he, benefit being transferred to Kngland, j
instead of being held by Russia. 5-1° 40', wc said 1
tii Russia, is our line in the country of the north-
iccfti ry(<s/, and there I hope wc shall he found. :
Rut if the honorable Senator from Missouri
should succeed in the establishment of his position,
that we are not bounded on the north bv this par-
allel of 54° 40', I do not see, that the tittle band is I
in any worse condition, or the pretensions of the j
country at all diminished, for the former seems to j
me intimately connected with the latter; but quite j
the contrary. In that event, we should fall back ;
upon onroiiginal Spanish title.and carry our chum
lo the paralhl of 01°, Our anangement with Rus-
sia was an agreement to take less than the claim
wc could rightfully urge, as the grantees of the I
Spanish Gowunmenf. j
The honoi.ible Senator, in the further prosecu- j
lion of his argument, that we have no claim to fifty- 1
four forty, says that we offered that line to Russia, j
as her southern boundary, and to Kngland an her ]
northern. He then refers to the proposition made '
by Mr. Rush, who offered 51° ns our northern ;
boundary, and says we now seek to go jam up to ,
54° 40', after the offer of 51°, which was lefused \
by England. :
Why, sir, all this history of the negotiation is well ,
known, and I must confess I do not see its bearing .
upon the peculiar views presented by the Senator. :
He is seeking to show the inconsistency of the
American Government in urging a claim to 54°
40', after having offered to accept the parallel of '
51° as our northern boundary. But why select ■
this offer for this purpose; We have made a much ;
more favorable one for England, which she has [
more than once refused. Wc have offered 4lP, \
and as late as the last season. If these changes j
are proofs of inconsistency, the last being the great- i
est, furnishes the strongest evidence of it. I re- |
peat, sir, what new view is presented by going ;
back to the offer of Mr. Rush in 1823, when that j
of Mr. Buchanan, in 1845, yielded two degrees j
more of latitude? '
But there was not the slightest inconsistency,
i then, nor is there any now. This branch of the
i subject has been already fully debated, and I have
, no disposition to renew the discussion. These
I otters were all offers of compromise, made in a
j spiritufconcession,and not the assertion ofaclaim;
and, when rejected, the party making them was at
full liberty to urge its whole title, unembarrassed
by these efforts at conciliation, and without being
obnoxious to the charge of inconsistency. And
this was recognised and distinctly stated to the
British Government by Mr. Gallatin in 1827, who
said, that " his Government did not hold itself
1 bound hereafter in consequence of any proposal
* which it had made for aline of separation oetwecn
' the territories of the two nations beyond the Rocky
' Mountains, but would consider itself at liberty to
'contcnd for the full extent of the claims of the
'United States." Here, sir, the American .Gov-
ernment, in 38:27, maintained, that the offers thus
made and rejected did not reach to the extent of
their full claims, but, that being rejected, we were
at liberty to fall back upon our original title, as
though these attempts at compromise had not been
made. What ri«lit, then, has the honorable mem-
ber from Missouri to charge the American Gov-
ernment with inconsistency, because it offered 51°
and th< n 40°, and these oilers being refused, and
all efforts at compromise hopeless, now urges the
full extent of its claim, as it announced in 1827 it
would do ?
Before proceeding further, sir, I desire to remove
from this discussion the honored names of Jeffer-
son and Madison. On a former occasion, I stated
the circumstances, under which they acted, and
explained, I thought sufficiently, why their senti-
ments and course imposed no rule of conduct, on
us, jn the new situation, in which wc arc placed,
unknown to them. They sought, the northern
limits of Louisiana, and their extension west to
the Pacific. -And they found some historical mem-
orandum, stating that the parallel of 4!)° had been
established under the tiealy of Utrecht, as a divi-
ding line between the French and British posses-
sions on the American continent. They were in-
deed aware that the subject was doubtful; for Mr.
Madison, in his first instructions, instead of as-
serting the fact, as the honorable gentleman from
Missouri thinks he did, says: "there is reason to
believe it;" and he says still further, " you will per-
ertve the necessity of recurring to the proceedings of
the commirsaries as the source of authentic, informa-
tion. " " Tinsc arc not vithin our rcack here&.e.
And this was before our purchase of the Spanish
claim, which perfected and completed our title.
The couise these eminent statesmen puisued was
the best under the then existing circumstances.
What they did not possess, wc have acquired.
What they did not know, we have discovered.
We have extended our claim by a new purchase,
and we have ascertained, what Mr. Madison ap-
pears to ha\e suspected, that the historical state-
ment, respecting the establishmentof the parallel of
49°, at any late west of the Rocky Mountains, is,
incorrect, and that no such line exists. And the
same remark applies, although to a less extent, to
the, cabinets of Air. Monroe, and of Mr. Adams,
both of whom have been appealed to by the Sena-
tor from Missouri in support of his position.
Florida was not purchased, until towards the close
of the first term of Mr. Monroe, and after that
time the notion, that the 49th parallel had been
established under the treaty of Utrecht, and ex-
tended perhaps west of the Rocky Mountains, may
have produced some impression. But it is obvious,
that it did not permanently influence the course of
the Government. For Mr. Rush offered the 51st
parallel, as a compromise line for our boundary;
and Mr. Gailafin, as I have already said, repudia-
ted the early offers, and went back to the whole
claim.
Now, sir, where is this monstrous inconsistency
and injustice, which the honorable Senator sees in
the assertion of our chum by the present Adminis-
tration nouh of the 49th? *If the cabinet of Mr.
Adams believed we were concluded by the treaty
of Utrecht and by a line established under it, how
came they to pass beyond that line, and to offer
as a compromise two degrees of latitude north of
it, indicating by the very offer itself, that our just
claim went beyond that limit? And what was
meant by the semi-protest of Mr. Gallatin, an-
nouncing that the preceding proposals—those of
51 and 49—having been rejected, his Government
would now contend for the full claims of the Uni-
ted States ? These full claims of course went be-
yond 51°; and having got so fur on the north side
of 49°, and so near 54° 40' with the cabinet of Mr,
Adams, I shall leave to the honorable -Senator
from Missouri the task of reconciling their con-
duct with the belief, that this barrier of 49° rises
like a great fortification to check our further pro-
gress in a northern direction.
The Senator from Missouri has again submitted
his views, respecting the establishment of the par-
allel of 49°, under the treaty of Utrecht. In the
former discussions his object was to vindicate the
truth,of history, and to redeem the character of
the American Senate from the charge of ignorance.
He expressly stated he-made no pi*actical applica-
tion of the main fact. Now the ground seems to
be changed. The Senator says that my endorse-
ment of Mr. Greenhow's error in a blundering
book, " lays him under the necessity of corrccting a
third error, which the fifty-four-forties hug to their
bosoms."
We do not claim any exemption from the ordi-
nary frailties of humanity. If we hug to our bo-
soms the rights and interests of our country, weean
bear to be sneered at, though at the same time we
may be permitted to investigate the facts and the
deductions, by 'which the charges against us are so
confidently urged.
I shall not go over this matter of the treaty of
Utrecht. I am unwilling even to allude to it again.
But 1 cannot be driven from my position, or sur-
render it, without defence. I shall, however, touch
the topic very briefly, confining myself to the new
views presented by the Senator from Missouri.
The Senator says, that my endorsement of Mr.
Grecnhow's blunders has rendered this vindication
neces.sury. In the first place, I have not endorsed
Mr. Grecnhow's assertions or conclusions, be they
blunders or be they truths. With respect to the
only point, made by the Senator before, the estab-
lishment of the parallel of 49° east of the Rocky
Mountains, I expressly stated it was a subject
upon which reasonable men might differ. I stated
that the positive and negative evidence, produced
by Mr. Greenhow, had induced me to believe, that
no such line had been run, but I expressly dis-
claimed the very endorsement, which the gentle-
man now charges upon me. But I will add, that
all my subsequent examination and reflection
have fortified this belief, and I am more and more
convinced, that the assertion, repecting the estab-
lishment of this line, ts an historical error, which
should be removed from all our debates on this
subject.
In the second place, the honorable Senator has
icnewcd this discussion for a new purpose, not
before avowed. It is now not alone with a view
to vindicate history, and to redeem the character
of the Senate, as on the former occasion; but also
for a much more important object—for the estab-
lishment of a political right. The subject ceases to
be one of speculation, and becomes one of action.
This line is now pushed across the Rocky Moun-
tains, and is interposed as a barrier to the extension
of the territorial claim, which our Government has
asserted.
Before 1 procccd further, allow me to say that
the fifty-four-forties occupy the negative side of
this position. The proof must come from their
opponents. It is said that our claim is limited by
the parallel of 49°. The existence of a claim is
conceded on all hands. In its extension north, it
is met by the assertion, that its further progress
in that direction is stopped by a line on the paral-
lel of 49°, established by the treaty of Utrecht
more than a century ago. Now let those, who
say this, prove it. The burden is upon them.
The assumption, till shown, and satisfactorily
shown, is purely gratuitous. And the proof must
be reasonable, and such as suits the circumstances;
not loose assertions, and quotations from historical
works, without authority upon such a subject; and
more especially when there are a vast number of
circumstances of a positive and negative character,
which discredit the establishmentof such a bound-
ary; and when the notices referred to seem to be
repeated successively from one word to another,
without any examination of their authenticity, and
depending perhaps on one common and erroneous
origin. Why, the very discussion, in which we
arc engaged proves the necessity of adhering to
established principles. A suit for 12£ cents could
not be maintained upon such proof as is here ad-
