1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
had been in the room, could now repeat the words.
Yes, I have said fifty-four-forty a thousand times,
perhaps ten thousand, and always knowing what
1 meant—aline in the ocean at the end-of an island,
and that line made by Russia, with Great Britain as
well as with the United States. But perhaps I can
tell the fifty-four-forties something about that line;
I mean the actual line at the end of the island—of
which they still seem to be ignorant. They seem
to look upon it as a real adjustment of boundary—
a nice and critical adjustment of title—a wise set-
tlement of mutual rights upon great deliberation.
No such thing. No question of right or title was
ever considered about it—all the result of fur-
trading enterprise. Russian fur-traders, in the
last century, settled upon the Prince of Wales' Is-
land, the south end of which was supposed to be
in fifty-five. The Emperor Paul, in 1799, the year
before his assassination, gave them a charter to
that extent; and when the Emperor Alexander
came to moke the treaties with Great Britain and
the United States, in 1824-25, he governed him-
self by the charter; and thus a Russian fur com-
pany made that line, so far as it is one, at the end
of an island, without caring a straw, and perhaps
without caring a fig, for the titles of any Power in
the world. The coast was a derelict, and they
settled upon it.
This is the origin of the line; for, after agreeing
upon 55°, as granted by the charter, it was ex-
tended to 54° 40', to cover a point or leg of the
island running down twenty minutes south. This
is the way that 54° 40' came to be established at
the end of Prince of Wales' Island—rather acci-
dentally to become the exact and sacred measure
of right, for which a nation must go to war. J Jut
a little more truth will make it more accidental
still. The fact is, the Emperor Paul had recalled
the traders for misconduct: they were about to lose
their establishments; to prevent it, one of the rich
partners married his daughter to one of the Em-
peror's courtiers, and gave him her whole fortune
in biils of exchange on the future earnings of the
company. The Emperor Paul, as all the world
knows, with the kindest impulsions, was a little
capricious; so he not only revoked the recall of the
traders, but actually gave them an exclusive char-
ter down to 55°; and that is the true history of
54° 40', so far as it has its aqueous existence at the
end of Prince of Wales' Island. And this is, in
fact, the line, and the history of the line, and the
course of the line, which, limited to an island, our
Fifty-four-forties extend five hundred miles on
the continent, and then attach to it a sacred and
inviolable character, as being the wise and exact
determination, upon great diplomatic considera-
tion, of a national boundary ' Was there ever
any thing so ridiculous? ever anything so farcical?
ever anything so meriting the rebuke of the peo-
ple, thus misled and deceived, atfirst by ignorance,
and now by design ?
The Senator from Michigan reads from my old
speeches to show that the Spaniards claimed to
61°, and that I pronounced their title better than
that of the English. Certainly I did, but always
confined to coasts and islands, where the ships
sailed; and always ending with saying that neither
Spain nor Great Britain had made permanent set-
tlements; that the whole coast was a derelict, after
the Nootka controversy, from Caps Mendocino,
in 40°, to the Russian settlements, until Mr. As-
tor's settlement at the mouth of the Columbia in
1811; and that the whole coast, north of the Co-
lumbia and south of the Russians, is a derelict
to-day! That being a derelict at the time of the
negotiations of 1824, the United States and Great
Britain went by the continent, and not by the coast,
divided the continent according to discovery and
settlement, and let the islands go with the division
in front of which they Jay.
The Senator picked a hole, or thought he picked
a hole, in a word of mine, in one of my speeches,
and a very short word—the word "all." I said
all the statesmen of twenty and forty years ago left
Frazcr's river to Great Britain, and offered to di-
vide by 49°. He denies the "a/Z," and instances
that Mr. Monroe's Administration, in 1823, offered
51°. That is beautiful! I read you, in sundry
places, that they offered 51° as a first proposition,
and upon a principle known to be erroneous and
to be rcjccted, to be followed immediately by the
offer of *49°; which was done, and, in fact, as good
as agreed to by Mr. George Canning, the Prime
Minister. Yes; they offered 51°, and upon objec-
tion to it offered 49; but by leaving out the 49° the
Senator from Michigan undertakes to pick a hole
in my "all.99 If he had done it, it would have
been nothing; but he has not done it; and I now
repeat and reaffirm my assertion, and invite him to
put all the caterers to work to find an error in it if
they can. I affirm that every American statesman
of twenty and forty years ago—Mr. Jefferson and
Mr. Madison in 1807, Mr. Mdnroe and his Cabi-
net in 1823, offered to divide by 49°, leaving Fra-
zer's river wholly to the British, and that because
it belonged to them.
The Senator from Michigan is greatly pleased
with the offer of 51°. Those who offered it knew
it was untenable, and sent the real proposition
along with it. Upon what principle was it offered?
Why, that the Columbia headed as far north as
51°, and so we would follow that line to the sea.
That is not the principle which governs title to a
river and its valley, and this Mr. Monroe and his
Ministers well knew. They knew the principle to
be the rim of the basin which contained the waters
of the river, and this would bring our possession
to a point at the mouth where the Columbia has no
valley. They offered 51° to get 49°, which includes
near three degrees outside of the valley of the Co-
lumbia at its mouth. Try the principle of drawing
straight lines from headwaters. Apply it to the
Mississippi. There a line from the head to the
Gulf of Mexico would split the valley in two, leav-
ing half on each side, and which side would we
take? Try it with a line from its furthest western
branch—the head of the Missouri—it would run
through Mexico and enter the Pacific Ocean. Tiy
it on the other side-—the highest water of the Ohio,
away up above Olcan, in the State of New York,
and it would cut the Atlantic States, and reach the
Gulf through Georgia. No; Mr. Monroe's Cabi-
net meant no such absurdity. They offered 51° as
a feeler—49° as a real line, and upon the principle
that it left to each his discoveries and settlements.
This is the Senate of the United States—a place
for grave and responsible deliberation. Not a place
for errors, oi the toleration of errors, but for the
correction of errors. The people have been mis-
led—grossly and widely misled—ignorantly at fust,
as we were bound to believe; designedly now, aw
we painfully see. The fifty-four-forty line never
existed. The treaty proves it; yet its existence is
still affirmed, to mislead the uninformed, and to
save the nusleaders from the mortification of ex-
posure.
I have performed a painful duty. I waited long
before I would undertake it. To make head against
a mass of error—to seta nation right that had been
led astray—was a herculean task, but 1 have ven-
tured upon it, and do not regret it. The people
may be led astray, but they do not love error.
They love truth and justice; and if there is no 54
40, as there is not, they do not want to fight for it.
If Frazer's river belongs to the British, as it does,
they do not want to take it away from her. The
people are just, and ready to acton Jackson's great
maxim: Ask nothing but what is right—sub-
mit to nothing that is wrong.
The people have nothing but their country to
take care of; and they want nothing but right and
justice. Politicians have themselves to take caie
of, and country and people are subordinate consid-
erations. Was ever the like seen of that which
we have witnessed ? A people led to the verge of
war about a line that did not exist—without mis-
leaders ever reading the treaty which was supposed
to establish it! A river of a thousand miles in
length, covered with settlers for forty years upon
it, without knowing such a river was there! And
when the treaty and the river was produced, and
the mistakes shown, instead of confession and re-
pentance, resentment and attack upon him who
exposes the error, arid saves the country from
senseless, ignorant, unjustifiable war. The mis-
leaders may net thus—not so the people. They
will rejoice at their deliverance from delusion; they
will shudder to think they have been led to the
verge of war upon the mistake of a treaty, and a
blunder in geography. And I am ready to abide
their judgment upon my correction of this mistake,
and their perseverance m them after they were ex-
posed. Tins day has been the most humiliating
of mv senatorial life. I have felt for the American
Senate when I have seen a member clinging to
error, and endeavoring to keep the people in error,
even at the risk of war, by endeavoring to do away
the plain words of a treaty; by garbling and muti-
lating scraps of speeches to depreciate another Sen-
ator—when the great question was one of the peace
and honor of the c.ountry, in the presence of which
every selfish feeling should have stood abashed and
rebuked.
I tell the people there is no such line as 54° 40'
from the sea to the mountains. I tell them that,
so far as such a line was ever proposed by the
American Government, it was proposed as a north-
ern line for the British, and not as a northern line
for ourselves. I tell them that 49° was offered by
Mr. Jefferson, by Mr. Monroe, and by all the
early statesmen, without exception, who negoti-
ated the treaties which gave us Louisiana and the
Spanish claims to Northwest America. I tell them
that the British claim to Frazer's river is precisely
the same with our own to the Columbia. And
I say to them that, whoever says the contrary
of this, will be henceforth a wilful deceiver, t
make great allowance for ignorance—for the mis-
takes of ignorance—but ignorance ought to be
docile, and surrender on conviction. I make a
broad distinction between the wilful and the ig-
norant deceiver, and a broader one still between
the deceivers and the deceived. The former are
generally few, the latter many—the former are
more or less culpable, the latter always innocent.
Of the myriads, nay millions who have propagated
the error of 54° 40', all but few were the innocent
repeaters of what came to them in a way that they
could not doubt it. All these will rejoice to be re-
lieved from their error. Instead of getting angry
with me, they will thank me for the trouble I take
to set them right. They want nothing but truth
and justice, and I thank God that I have the cour-
age to give it to them, regardless of all earthly
consequences. I am right. I speak to save my
country from the calamities of a war upon mis-
takes and blunders. I rely upon the equity and
intelligence of the people, and give defiance to ig-
norance, malice, and misrepresentation.
When the vote is taken on the instruction which
I have submitted, let the Senator from Michigan
move to strike out 49°, and insert 54° 40'. We
shall then see the sense of the Senate, and the
country will see who perseveres in error, and con-
verts into design what was at first the mischief of
mistake.
Mr. H. having concluded, and the question being
about to be put—
Mr. MANGUM desired a division of the ques-
tion, and it was accordingly divided, and being
taken upon the first branch, viz: the reference to
the Committee on the Judiciary, it was agreed to.
The question recurring on the instructions, they
were again read, on the call of Mr. Mangum, and
the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WESTCOTT, as the question was about
being put on the first branch of the instructions,
rose and said that he felt it to be his duty to ask
the attention of the Senate for a few moments in
relation to the proposed instructions. He had in-
tended to renew his motion for a postponement of
the whole subject till the first Monday in Decem-
ber next, but it had been suggested to him that the
decision of the Senate could as well be obtained
by the vote upon the recommitment of the bill,
and he had therefoie not renewed his motion.
Besides, his opinion had in some degree altered.
Though he still thought there was no necessity for
the proposed legislation at this session, yet the
country, perhaps, looked for it, and something
was due to their wishes and expectations. Mr.
W. had therefore voted for the reference to the
Judiciary Committee. Though the Committee on
Territories were unable to agree as to the proper
legislation on this subject, Mr. W. said he did not
doubt the Judiciary Committee could and would.
He was on both committees, and had no feeling
whatever as to the disposition of the bill. But he
did not think any instructions to the Judiciary
Committee necessary or proper. The Senate hav-
ing, by the vote just taken, indicated its disposition
to legislate in regard to Oregon at this session, it
was not necessary for this chamber to do more at
this time.
Now, (said Mr. W.,) what are the proposed in-
structions? It is proposed to extend the laws of
the United States over Oregon, as a temporary
government, till the year after the " notice'' to end
the joint occupation had elapsed, to the same ex-
tent as the Biitish Parliament have extended the
laws of England and of Canada over it. Mr. W.
said he was opposed to this instruction—fust, be-
