THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE C1TY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
subjects in Oregon, by act of the British Parlia-
ment, were the laws of Upper Canada. Those
were the laws wjiich operated for the protection of
their subjects beyond the Rocky Mountains; and
that was practicable, because they were municipal
laws, and laws for the punishment of crime. But,
under the general phraseology of these instructions,
no such object could be reached. Suppose the
laws of the United States were extended over Or-
egon. What were they ? The crime of murder,
committed in the territory, could not be punished
by any authority of these laws. Congress had
no municipal-power, except within the District of
Columbia, and such places as might be confined to
its care. The Senator from Florida had suggested
many other cases, in regard to which there were
no laws of Congress which would apply, because
our system excluded the enactment of municipal
law. We have (said Mr. W.) no laws regulating
descent and the title to property, none relating'
to devises, or any of the relations of persons and
property.
The first inquiry, then, which 1 would submit
to the Senate is, how far it is necessary, under the
circumstances of the case, to provide* any tempo-
rary enactment for the government of our citizens
in Oregon ? This will depend very much upon our
hopes or fears that the dispute between the two
countries will soon be terminated. My hopc3 pre-
dominate over my fears upon this point. I look
for a settlement of the question and the fixing a
line between the possessions of the two countries
within a short period. The question then is,
whether it is necessary or expedient, on the whole,
to disturb the existing state of authority there, by
the interpositipn of any authority whatever ? If
tite view that X have taken be taken also by the
Senate, if we believe that the country will soon be
in a condition that wo may apply to it and estab-
lish over it a territorial government, perhaps it
will be considered the mo^t wise course to leave
things as they are until that period arrives.
The next thing is the preparation of a bill ma-
king provision for the establishment of an actual
territorial government over Oregon. This en-
tirely meets my approbation. I think it is high
time that some of the committees of this bouy
should have under its consideration, and in progress
of perfection, an organic law of this kind; and in
this respect I concur with all the suggestions con-
tained in this branch of the instructions.
Then comes tke third object, which seems to
contemplate fixing the northern boundary. Well,
sir, upon such reflection as I have been able to give
to the subject, I should rather incline to omit this
for the present. 1 should rather incline to confine
ourselves for the present to the preparation of a
bill for the organization of a permanent territorial
government, entertaining the hope that before we
separate the northern boundary may bo fixed by
treaty; and if so, no provision of law on the part
of Congress will be necessary. Jf, however, there
should be no settlement of the boundary, why
there will be time hereafter, even at the last day of
the session, to decide, if we must decide by law,
upon a northern boundary. I would be glad,
therefore, if the Senator from Missouri would
agree so to amend those instructions as to^abstain
from touching upon the question of boundary, or
of any temporary legislation for the territory of
Oregon. It has been intimated, however, that it
would be well to give this matter some further con-
sideration; and I move, therefore, that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. W., however, immediately withdrew his
motion for adjournment at the request of
Mr. CALHOUN, who rose and said his own
impression was decidedly in favor of referring the
subject to the Committee on the Judiciary without
any instructions; and his reason, in the first place,
was this: He thought it would be altogether im-
proper to encumber the committee with any in-
structions. But he would go further. His im-
pression was exceedingly strong that our wisest
course, at present, was to do nothing. He did not
think it would be advisable to pass any temporary
iaw in reference to that territory. What pos-
57
THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 1846.
sible good could it do ? If the controversy should
be adjusted between the two Governments, it could
be of 110 avail, for there was a temporary govern-
ment already established; and if it should not be
adjusted, it would be a work of supererogation.
As to making permanent regulations for the gov-
ernment of the territory at this session, it appeared
to be entirely useless; for they would have ample
time at the next session, before the expiration of
the twelve months after giving the notice,to acton
the subject, and with much fuller knowledge than
they could now possibly have. They would, by
that time, know what effect would he produced by
the notice, whether there would be an adjustment
of the question or not. Surely, this was a matter
of no small importance. Under these impressions,
he should vote against the instructions. And he
hoped that the committee would take ample tnfie
for the consideration of the subject.
Mr. ATCHISON said he should vote for all the
instructions; as for prescribing the northern bound-
ary, however, that was a matter for after consid-
eration. They might make temporarily either
54° 40'or 49° the limit for the extension of the
laws of the United States, without forfeiting any
right of our own m the one case, or intruding
upon any rights of Great Britain in the other. I-Ie
was willing to adopt n territorial government upon
any line. There was, he would admit, a good
deal of force in the argument of the Senator from
South Carolina. If the hill fort.be establishment
of a permanent government were passed, it could
not take effect until the treaty was annulled and
abrogated; but there could he no harm in extend-
ing the laws of the Territory of Iowa over Oregon.
They had municipal laws already in existence.
The Committee on Hie Judiciary might examine
the municipal code of Iowa and adapt them to the
condition of Oregon; but there was an absolute
necessity for having a form of government estab-
lished immediately upon the abrogation of the
treaty; and if they were to form an opinion of
what could be done at tho next session by what
had been done at this, they would hardly he ena-
bled to provide the proper enactment if postponed
until the next session. They had been, during the
whole of the past winter, debating the question of
notice, and it could hardly be expected that in a
three months'session a code of laws could be pre-
paied more conveniently than at present.
Mr. WEBSTER. There were one or two ob-
servations which he desired to make in reply to the
Senator from South Carolina. He wished to state
the reasons why, in his judgment, Congress ought
to take up the subject of making provision for the
government of Oregon.
Mr. WEBSTER, at the suggestion of several
Senators, gave way for a motion to adjourn-, and
Tho Senate adjoinned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 1, 3846.
The Journal of Saturday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. MORSE introduced to the House Mr. Da-
vid S. Kauffman, member elect from the State of
Texas, who was qualified and took his seat.
Mr. DOCKERY made an ineffectual effort to
introduce a resolution.
The SPEAKER announced the special order of
the day to be the consideration of bills relating to
the territories.
Mr. HUNTER asked the House to permit bills
to be reported from the Committee on the District
of Columbia. It was probable that the last of the
three days set apart for the territorial business
would be given to bills relating to the District,
and there would barely be time to have them
printed.
No objection having been made, Mr. HUN-
TER, from the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, reported a bill to amend the acts concerning
the penitentiary in the District of Columbia; which
bill was read twice and now remains on the Speak-
er's table.
New Series....No. 57.
Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT, from the same
committee, reported a bill to extend the provisions
of the act of June 17, 1844, entitled " An act con-
cerning conveyances or devises of places of pub-
lie worship in the District of Columbia;" which
was read twice and committed.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
State of the Union, Mr. Bowlin, of Missouri, in
the chair, and proceeded to the consideration of
bills relating to the territories.
On motion of Mr, MARTIN, of Wisconsin,
the committee took up the bill to aid in the con-
struction of certain roads in the Territory of Wis-
consin.
The hill having been read,
Mr. ROBERT SMITH offered an amendatory
bill, or substitute, under instructions from the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Several of these amendments, in the form of
items, were agreed to. '
The question then came up on an item adding to
the bill a clause " to improve the entrance at the
mouth of Sheboygan river, |o,0OO."
Mr. McCLEilNAND remarked, that if any
gentleman had in hw possession information which
w ould satisfy his mind that the bill ought to pass,
he would he glad to hear it. He referred to the
prospect of the Territories of Iowa and Wisconsin
coining, at no distant day, into the Union, and to
the preliminary steps which had already been taken
towards that end. If they were about to take their
places in the Union a<* States, they should make
their own roads, as other States did.
Air. MARTIN, of Wisconsin, replied briefly,
but spoke in a position so unfavorable that the
reporter could only conjecture what he said. He
alluded to the practice of the Government, for
some years past, of making the appropriations
contemplated by the bill, and proceeded to show
that it was for the public benefit that they should
bo made, because, by means of them, public lands
were brought into market, thus increasing the
population of the Territories, and expediting tlie
time when the Territories would be brought into
the Union. The bill to bring Iowa into the Union
might not pass. She might remain a Territory
for yen is, but whether she did or not, the appro-
priations were for the public benefit.
Air. WENTWORTH made a few remarks, the
tendency of which was, that action on this bill
should not be taken, until such time as the fate of
the harbor bill (now pending in the other branch of
Congress) had been deeided.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH said, that he felt no
more interest in this question than m any other.
The Committee on Roads and Canals had found
that it had been usual for several years past to ap-
propriate the sum of $25,000 for the purposes of
these improvements. The committee could not
determine itself what was the most judicious mode
of expenditures. They had therefore consulted
with the Delegates of the Territories. The bill,
as originally introduced, had been framed on con-
sultation with them. But upon subsequent con-
sultation with their constituents, and on further
light being thrown on the subject, the committee
had seen the propriety of reporting an amendatory
bill. It did not, he believed, increase the amount
originally appropriated. Believing it to be the
duty of the General Government whilst these
Territories remained such, to do something for the
construction of roads, he would feel bound to vote
for the appropriation. When these Teiritories
came in as States, they would be subject to the
same rules as were applicable to the other States;
but so long as they were Territories, the fostering
hand of the Government should be extended
towards them.
Mr. G. W. JONES said it was true that no bill
had yet been passed authorizing the people of Wis-
consin to form a State constitution, but there had
been a bill reported for the purpose. He had no
doubt it would pass. They were ready to adopt
the constitution, and to ask admission as a State.
Whether the bill passed or not, he doubted nut that
