898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im-
Jritie I,
the people would adopt their constitution, and send
it up here. Cut, whether they did or not, lie was
opposed to making appropriations for roads m any
Territory. He could see 110 cUflerence between
making an appropriation for roads m Iowa, 01 01
the same object in a State.
He moved that the lull be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it doi not pass.
Mr. MCCLELLAND would dislike very much
(he said) to see that motion prevail, bo long as
Wisconsin remained a Territory, it was the duty of
Congress to make these appropriations, unless they
retailed from them for the purpose of compelling
her to become a State. From his own knowledge,
the people of that Territory were taking all the le-
gitimate steps requisite to their entrance into the
Union. He believed that the appropriations were
applied as well as they could be applied under the
circumstances. They were necessary not only to
Wisconsin, but to the Union; because, in propor-
tion to the progress of improvements, was the in-
crease in the sale of the public lands.
Mr. McC. adverted briefly to the advantages of
a harbor as contemplated by the amendment; yield-
ing for explanation to Messrs. W. HUNT and
McCLERNAND.
Mr. A. D. SIMS urged some constitutional rea-
sons against appropriations by the General Gov-
ernment for harbors; denying the power, and ex-
pressing the hope that the appropriation would not
tie made. It was wrong in principle and 111 re-
sults.
Mr. DOUGLASS made an earnest appeal to the
committee not to go into a discussion ot these ques-
tions on the days set apart for the consideration of
Territorial business, because the result would be
that the whole time would be occupied ill them, and
the House thus be deprived of ail opportunity to
act on the bills. The constitutional question as to
harbors had been sufficiently discussed on the har-
bor bill. The other questions would be discussed
on the land bill. All the members had made up
their nnnits as to the right or power of the Gov-
ernment to make these works, and he believed that
every member was ready to vote, upon the judg-
ment he had heretofore formed on the principle in-
volved in the items of the bill. He hoped the com-
mittee would vote without going into these abstract
discussions. There was a long catalogue of Ter-
ritorial bills; the whole time allotted would be re-
quired for their consideration; and he hoped that
they might be entered upon without any unneces-
sary discussion.
Mr. IIATHBUN said that ho had hitherto been
ill favor of these appropriations, and lie believed
that, generally speaking, the money had been well
expended. But it was the duty of the House to
pause, and see whether there were not reasons
existing at this particular time which required not
only that these annual and regular appropriations
should be suspended, but that, all extraordinary
appropriations should be suspended, for the pur-
imse of retaining the power to make appropria-
tions for these things which could be postponed.
The nation was not now at peace; there was 110
longer a large surplus in the treasury. These an-
nual appropriations might, without detiiment, be
postponed, and if, at the end of the year, another
Congiess should find that the war, the prosecution
of which should command the rcsouices of the
whole country, had passed away, and that there
were means in the treasury, then it would be right
to continue the appropriations for these regulai
objects.
Mr. DODGE briefly but urgently advocated the ;
amendment, pointing out the advantages of the !
location for a harbor, and putting some inquiries |
to Mr. Wentwoutii on that point. Mr. D. also j
enforced the justice and expediency of the appro-
priations generally.
Mr. WENTWORTH, in answer to the gentle- j
man from Iowa, said he knew well the merits of J
Sheboygan. It had claims. So had Manitowoe,
and so had a great many other points on Lake
Michigan. No point could be mentioned that he ,
would not support under proper circumstances.
But it would be remembered that when the harbor
bill was before this House, Lake Michigan was
the mam point of attack. With great difficulty
the bill passed. The Senate Commerce Commit-
tee, he understood, had decided that there were
too many harbors on the west side of Lake Mich-
igan. If so, he thought it premature to urge She-
boygan now. A Territory always had the advan-
tage over a State. Every year the delegate got
through a new harbor. Once begun, it became a
tax upon the Government, and the Commerce
Committee had to take care of it. There were
three Territorial harbors within thirty miles in the
hill that passed this House. Add this, and next
year there would be four. There must come
another when the Territorial bill-comes up, and
the year after the Commerce Committee will have-
five to take care of. Then the delegate will add
another, and so on ad infinitum. To all this he
had 110 particular objection. But when the Senate
had a bill pending, and its fate was yet uncertain,
involving the interest of the whole commerce of
the United States, he thought it best to suspend
action 011 additional items for the present. If that
hill passed the Senate unscathed, he would not
oppose this. But when it was contended that Lake
Michigan had too much already, he was not for
adding more until the other appropriations were
safe. He would not oppose the item, but pre-
ferred that it lie laid aside for a short time.
Mr. W. HUNT and Mr. JOHN A. ROCK-
WELL said a few words in favor of the amend-
ment.
The question was then taken, and, by ayes 67,
noes 56, the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. E. H. EW1NG moved an amendmentwhich
was declared to be out of order.
Mr. McCONNELL moved an amendment
(which was not entertained) " for breaking up the
running geer of ruin and foul legislation, two mil-
lions of dollars.''
The question then recurred on the motion of Mr.
G. W. JONES, that the bill be. laid aside to be
reported to the House, with a recommendation that
it do not pass.
On a suggestion by Mr. COBB, the motion was
withdrawn.
And the hill, as amended, was laid aside to be
reported to the House.
Mr. HARALSON made an ineffectual motion
to postpone the special order, with a view to lake
up the bill fiom the Senate, entitled 11 A bill sup-
plemental to an act entitled an act providing- for the
prosecution of the existing war between the United
States and the Republic of Mexico, and for other
purposes."
The committee, on motion of Mr. DODGE,
took up, and, after some amendment, laid aside to
be reported to the House, the bill making appro-
priations for certain improvements in the Territory
of Iowa.
The committee, 011 motion of Mr. M. L. MAR-
TIN, took up, and, without amendment, laid aside
to be reported to the House, the bill to amend the
art entitled An act to giant a quantity of land to
the Territory of Wisconsin for the purpose of aid-
ing in opening a canal to connect the waters of
Lake Michigan with those of Red river.
On motion of Mr. DODGE, the committee took
up, and, without, amendment, laid aside to be re-
ported to the House, the bill making appropriations
lor the survey of the Ues Moines river in the Ter-
ritory of Iowa.
On motion of Mr. M. L. MARTIN, the com-
mittee took up, and, without amendment, laid aside
to be reported to the House, the bill for surveying
and constructing a military road from Port How-
ard, in the Territory of Wisconsin, to Fort Wil-
kins, in the State of Michigan.
MINERAL LANDS.
On motion of Mr. DODGE, the committee took
up the bill to direct the President of the United
Slates to sell the reserved mineral lands in the
States of Illinois and Arkansas, and Territories of
Wisconsin and Iowa, supposed to contain lead
ore.
Mr. RATHBUN raised the point of order, that
the bill was not a Territorial bill, and did not there-
fore come within the special order.
Some conversation followed, in which Messrs.
DODGE, J. H. EW1NG, HOGE, RATHBUN,
A. D. SIMS, McCLERNAND, P. KING, and
JACOB THOMPSON, participated.
The CHAIRMAN said he would submit the
question to the committee whether the bill should
be taken up or not.
The vote stood—ayes 86, noes 28.
So the bill was taken up, and read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States oj America in Congress assembled, That
the President be, and he hereby is, duected, as soon as
practicable, to cause all, the preserved,lead mines and con-
tiguous lands ill the States of Illinois and Arkansas and
Tenitories of Wisconsin andlowa, belonging to the United
States, to be exposed to sale, in the same manner that other
public lands arc authorized by law to be sold; except as
Hereinafter provided.
Sec. 8. Jindbe it further enacted, That six months' notice
of the times and places of said sales shalt be given in such
newspajiers of general circulation, in such of the States as
the President may think expedient, with a brief description
of the mineral regions ofthe States of Illinois and Arkansas
and Territories ot' Wisconsin and Iowa, ami of the lanjts to
be offei eil for sale; showing the number and localities of the
different mines now known, the piohabiiity of discovering
others, the quality of the ore, the facilities of working it,
the further facilities (if any) for manufactories of shot, sheet
lead, and paints, and the means and expense of transporting
the whole to the piini'ipal markets in the United States.
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it fm ther enacted, That upon satisfactory
proof made to the register and recpiver of the proper land
office, that any tract or tracts of said lands contain a mine or
mines of lead ore, actually discovered and being worked,
then, and in that case the same shall be sold in such legal
subdivision or subdivisions of not less than forty acres, as
will include such mine or mines; and if such tract or tracts
shah not he sold at such public sale, they may be entered at
private sale as other lands: Provided, Tliat no legal subdi-
vision of any of said lands, upon which there may, be an
outstanding lease or leases from the Government of the
United States, or their authorized agent, unexpired and un-
determined, shall be sold until after the determination of
such lease or leases by efflux of time, voluntary surrender, or
other legal extinguishment thereof.
Mr. RATHBUN moved to amend the second
section by adding a proviso, " that such lands
should not be sold for less than ten dollars per
acre.?' Rejected.
Mr. R. then moved a similar proviso at five dol-
lars per acre.
Mr. R. said that some of these lands were worth
an immense sum of money, and would in a short
time be worth thousands; that was, the lands where
mines were ascertained to exist. He was in favor
of selling these lands, but not of giving them away,
nor of throwing valuable property into the hands
of speculators, without something like adequate
compensation. He was not in favor of allowing the
whole mining territory of the Government to be
sold at $1 50 per acre. If other gentlemen were
so, they had the privilege of voting accordingly.
He hnd long been satisfied that it would be bet-
ter the lands should be sold; but in doing this care
should be taken that something like an equivalent
in value should be received; something that might
stand as an evidence, as an apology, that the most
that could be obtained for them had been obtained.
Some conversation followed between Mr. A. D.
SIMS and Mr. RATHBUN, directed (as the re-
porter understood) to the means by which it had
been ascertained that the value of these lands was
as great as alleged.
Mr. JOSEPH J. McDOWELL (after some
conversation with Mr. Rathbun and others as to
the piovisions of the bill) adverted to the fact that
these lands had been exempted fiom the pre-emp-
tion system, and said that the object of the Gov-
ernment—that, these lands might bring something
like their value—would be effected by this bill. It
required that sufficient notice should be given to all
who wished to buy, of their sale; competition would
thus be produced according to the inducements held
out by the value of the lands, and he would prefer
to dispose of them in this way, than to fix a stated
price 011 them. He would therefore vote for this
bill.
Mr. McD. having concluded,
Mr. McCLERNAND said: The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Rathbun] has spoken in opposi-
tion to the bill. Mr. McC. was not surprised at
that; for lately it seemed to be an inveterate habit
with Mr. R., a kind of second nature, to oppose
everything, without much discrimination between
the right and the wrong. He says he is opposed
to the bill in its present form, because its effect as a
law will be the sacrifice of a large quantity of most
valuable mineral lands, and he has therefore moved
an essential modification—one which, if adopted,
will probably defeat every important and desirable
| object contemplated by it. He proposes first to fix
| a minimum price of $10 per acre upon all of these
| lands; and, if that should fail, next a minimum of
I §5 per acre. I11 effect, he says such an amendment
j will elevate the price of the lands above the ability
1 of settlers to monopolize them by combinations,
and will admit the competition of speculators, and
thus, by competition, increase the amount of reve-
nue to be derived from the lands. It appears to be
his disposition to favor the acquisition ofthe lands
by speculators as a means to secure large reve-
nues, even at the expense of- Meritorious sutlers,
whose interests and expectations would be sacn-
