1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
ficed by his policy-. He seems to prefer specula-
tion, and large profits, to the sale of the lands at a
less price to the poor, who would live upon them,
cultivate them, and thus add to the general wealth,
and to the virtue, honesty, and dignity of the Amer-
ican character. The gentlemen should not forget,
if he ever knew the fact, that but a small proportion
of these reservations actually contain mineral, and
that by setting such a pric^ upon them as he pro-
poses, he will not only not sell them, but by the
same act exclude from them population, settlement,
cultivation, and the means of developing their vari-
ous capabilities,agricultural, commercial, mechan-
ical, and other advantages. But the gentleman
alleges, without such a minimum the competition
of the speculator will be excluded, by collusion and
combination among settlers. How so ? It has been
a constant habit to prefer this charge against the
class of settlers, but it is without foundation, ex-
cept in those cases where combinations of settlers
were necessary to meet and counteract combina-
tions of speculators. And in such cases they are
justifiable. The gentleman, however, may sup-
pose that the same spirit may actuate the settlers
that has actuated the "anti-renters" in his own
State. If this is the gentleman's apprehension, he
may rest assured he is mistaken. , The nation nor
the world affords no class of men more worthy than
the settlers and pioneers of the West and South-
west. They are brave, hardy, industrious, and
patriotic; they are generous and magnanimous,
and none have contributed so much to extend the
limits of the Republic, and to distinguish its char-
acter, as they have done. It is the great army of
pioneers who have overcome the wilderness and
the savage, privation and danger, to plant the flag
of our free institutions upon distant and almost un-
known lands. The gentleman is equally mistaken
in regard to the value of these lands. They are
not, as a body, worth as much as an equal quan-
tity which you, Mr. Chairman, could designate in
your own favored State, or as could be designated
m Illinois, fit only for agricultural purposes. The
experience of Missouri has proved that lead lands
are not worth more than other good farming lands.
In that State, previous to 1829, there were 2,800
square miles of mineral reservations, and these
were supposed to contain the best lead mines in the
Northwest. In that year they were offered for sale
to the highest bidder, and since at private sale, at
$1 25 per acre, and the highest average price re-
ceived for those sold, and only a few were sold,
was $1 28 per acre. The average price of all the
public lands sold, of all descriptions, by the Gov-
ernment, is $1 27 per acre—thus showing only one
cent's difference.
An egregious error has prevailed in regard to the
value of these lands, and the general unacquaint-
ance of the public with their value for many years;
and this has been the cause of the long-standing
controversy which has been kept up in and out of
Congress about them. It is a fact, sir, that they
have been known and appreciated at more than
their true value since 1690. In the seventeenth
century ore was derived from them, and constitu-
ted an article of traffic between French traders and
the Indians inhabiting the country.
In 1712, Louis the XIV, King of France, granted
the mines in Louisiana to Anthony Crozat. In
1717 they had been reunited to the domains of the
Crown, and were granted to the " India Company,"
or " Company of the West," who held them until
1732, when they were again surrendered to the
Crown. Crozat, whilst searching for costly stones
and prccious metals, in which they were supposed
to abound, made some discoveries of lead. The
"Royal India Company" discovered and worked
some of the most productive mines between the
years 1723 and 1745.
These circumstances, together with the exagge-
ated stories which were thus early circulated m
regard to the incalculable treasure they were sup-
posed to contain, with other causes, induced the
United States, upon their acquisition of them—
those in Louisiana in 1803, embracing Missouii
and Iowa, and those in Illinois and Wisconsin in
1787, by the cession of Virginia, to withhold them
from market, with the hope of realizing immense
wealth. The quantity reserved in Illinois is 389,-
320 acres; in Arkansas, about 115,200 acres; in
Wisconsin, 1,428,480 acres, and in Iowa, 285,126
acres. In all, something more than 2,000,000 of
acres. These lands have been surveyed and ex-
amined by geologists, and some of them have been
worked for ore for more than one hundred and
fifty years, and the fullest information is now be-
fore the public in regard to their properties and
value. But was this not the case, yet the bill is
abundantly careful of the interests of the Govern-
ment. It provides for advertising the lands, for
six months before sale, in every part of the Union
—together with a description of the quantity, qual-
ity, and geological indications of the lands, the
facilities for working them and transporting their
produce to market; and at public sale no prefer-
ence is to be given except to the highest bidder.
Why, then, should they not be sold? Every in-
trinsic reason, whether in respect to the public
knowledgeof their value, or the caution of the bill
under consideration, exists in fayor of the measure.
What now of extrinsic reasons? What of the
policy and the fruits of the system of leasing these
lands? Let facts speak for themselves.
In 1821 this system, with an agency to superin-
tend it, was established. The agency consisted of
one subaltern officer of the army, who was selected
because he was on pay anyhow. Since 3821, up
to 1845, thirty-nine superintendents, surveyors,
and other officers enumerated, have been employ-
ed, besides a longlist of employees not enumerated.
And this whole machinery of Federal patronage
was commenced, has progressed, and now exists,
in the opinion of many, without any express au-
thority of law. It is a fungus-giowth of the War
Department, and furnishes but another example of
the pronencss of power to extension, extravagance,
and corruption. This agency cost the Govern-
ment, from 1821 to 1835, £50,676 68, #23,232 90 of
which is charged to contingencies, and the balance
probably fobbed as salaries. From the last-men-
tioned date to 1841, the agency was suspended.
In 1841 it was renewed, and from that date to the
30th of November, 1845, it cost the Government
$17,797 82—making, in all, $63,474 50.
What, now, has been the ictuin of this outlay?
A net revenue of $3,196 24 per annum, which, if
charged with defalcations, the exhaustion of the
lands of ore, of timber, and the injury done by
superficial diggings, would, no doubt, be greatly
overbalanced.
But this is only a partial view of the evils sought
to be remedied. Strife has been engendered be-
tween individuals, and litigation and bad feeling
between communities and the Government itself.
In 1834 an act was passed, authorizing the crea-
tion of additional land districts in Illinois, Missouri,
and the territory north of the State of Illinois. Sev-
eral districts were accordingly created, embraeing
the lead lands in Illinois, and those now in Wis-
consin. The fourth section of the act provides:
"That the President shd! bo authorized, so 5.0011 as the
survey shall have been completed, to cause to be offered tor
sale,ni the manner prescribed bylaw, all tiio lands lying in
said land di^tneN, at the land oliiros'm the respective dis-
tuet'f, in which the land so ottered n embraced—lesemng
only section sixteen in each township, the tract reserved
tor the village of G.ilonn, such other uact* as have bemi
granted to individuals and the Stale ot Illinois, and such ie~
servations as the Prudent shall deem nece.-saiy to retain for
military po^t*, any law of Congress heretofore existing to
the contrary iiotuithstnndviig,^
This section was, no doubt, intended to repeal
all previous laws withholding the mineral lands
from market. It specially exempts them from
reservation, and clearly directs them to be sold
Accordingly, the officers charged with disposing
of them proceeded to do so, without any reference
to previous reservations. This brought about a
conflict of claims between individual purchasers
and the Government, and hence the numerous law-
suits now pending in the courts of the Northwest
between these two parties. Lately these suits
numbered thirty-one, and had then cost the Gov-
ernment in attorneys and court foes §1,284 65. A
million of acres of these lands at the price of §1 25
per acre would bring $1,250,000, the annual inter-
est upon which at six per cent, would be §75,000,
whilst during the years 1841 and 1842, it appears
by the report of the Secretary of War, dated 16th
of February, 1843, the whole rent received only
amounted to $1,600. For 1843 and 1844 the ex-
pense of the agency was §20,729 11, whilst the
rent for the same period is estimated at $4,856 28.
(See Com. Rep. to the present Congress.) In a
financial point of view, therefore, the whole sys-
tem has resulted in a failure.
The policy is equally unjust to the States in
which it exists. Take, for example, the case of
Illinois. By the compact between that State and
the General Government, the primary disposal of
the soil is secured to the latter, the public lands are
exempted from taxation before sale, and for five
years after, whilst the trifling compensation secured
to the State for these great advantages is a small
quantity of school land, and the promise of five
per cent, of the net proceeds of the sales of the
public lands. The Government enjoys the advan-
tages stipulated in its favor, but the State is denied
the most valuable of those pledged to her. Since
1821, 389,120 acres of land have been withheld
from market within her limits by the Government.
These lands at §1 25 per acre, assuming that all
of them would have been sold under a different
policy, would have brought $486,350, five per cent,
of the net proceeds of which would have been
something less than $24,000; and the taxes upon
the lands, at the average rate imposed by the State
during the same period, would have amounted for
twenty years past, to the additional sum of $136,636
90; malting, m all, the sum of §160,636 90, of
which the State has been wrongfully deprived by
the mistaken and greedy policy of the Government.
It is a reproach to the Government to persist in so
unwarrantable and injurious a policy. This sum
would efficiently assist that State in her noble and
exemplary efforts to pay her heavy liabilities.
In persisting in this policy, the Government has
violated the resolution of 1785, inviting the cession
of the northwestern'territory, and the ordinance
of 1787, organizing that territory, by which it sol-
emnly pledged itself, in cffcct, to dispose of the
public land, so as to cause them to be settled and
formed into distinct republican States. What con-
stitutional authority has the Government to make
itself a permanent general landholder? What right
has it to hold lands except to dispose of them for
purposes oi'settlement and cultivation? What right
to become a lead or land trader or speculator?
What right has it to do any of those things any
more than to embark in foreign oi domestic trade,
or in manufactures, or any other private enterprise
or business?
By persisting in it, it has revived the feudal rela-
tion of landlord and tenant, or rather of lord and
vassal, with ils appendages of rent and depend-
ence—not between the feudal chief and villain, but
between the powerful government and the humble
citizen. Look, for example, to the county of Jo
Daviess, in Illinois, inhabited by twelve thousand
people, all of whom are cither tenants, or denied
the opportunity of securing a freehold. With the
exception of the town of Galena, there is not, per-
haps, in the whole county a freehold. The same
evil exists in Wisconsin and Iowa. Tenancy may
be an appropriate feature of aristocracy, but cheap
lands are the bulwarks of republicanism. Govern-
ment monopoly, if possible, is more odious than
individual monopoly. Rome permitted a few pa-
trician families to monopolize her domain lands,
and in the time of the Gracchi the consequence
was that these lands were crowded with degraded
slaves, and her free population had become well-
nigh extinct. The Gracchi sought to remedy the
evil, and were murdered, and upon that event fol-
lowed the Social war, the sanguinary proscriptions
of Marius and Sylla, the battles of Pharsalia and
Philippi, which last completed the overthrow of
the Republic, and established upon its ruins the
gorgeous empire of the Ceesars. The Government
here, not citizens, is the great land monopolist, and
all know the vast and almost absolute power it is
thus enabled to exert upon the public mind and
policy of the new States.
If it is the desire of the Government to develop
the value of these lands, and to insure a steady and
increased supply of lead for public and private use,
it can better be accomplished by individual than by
Government enterprise and ownership. The policy
of the Government should be uniform. Having
ordered the mineral lands into market in Missouri,
why should it not do the same in Illinois and the
two Territories? Shall different measures of jus-
tice be dealt out to different States and communi-
ties of the same Commonwealth ? Such a discrim-
ination, unjust and invidious, would be a reproach
to a Government professing equal laws and even-
handed justice.
Mr. RATHBUN briefly replied. He consid-
ered that the gentleman from Illinois had miscon-
ceived his (Mr. R.'s) position. The gentleman
seemed to consider him opposed to the sale of these
lands; but he was in favor of it, and so expressed
himself, but for different reasons from those which
actuated the gentleman.
