902
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
June 2,
-vohed upon the Exccutivc to express to Congress
the views he entertained m le^artl to the amount
of money that would be requisite for the pmposca
of Government; and it was ai.Svt a duty devolving
upon him to suggest the mode by which that lev-
euue was to be raised. Until they were enlighten-
ed as to the course which was to be pursued, they
would be constantly embauassod.
Mr. ALLEN said lit; could perceive no objec-
tion existing to the passage of the resolutions as
amended, and he hoped, therefore, the vote would
be now taken, that the Senate might proceed to
the consideration of the orders of the day.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said, upon further reflec-
tion, he thought his purpose would be better ac-
complished by anotheramendmentwhich he would
prepare. And, with this view, he moved that the
further consideration be postponed until to-morrow
morning.
The motion was agreed to.
The following is the resolution which Mr. Crit-
tenden proposes to offer to-morrow, when the sub-
ject romes up:
Resolved, That he be also requested to commu-
nicate to the Senate whether, in the event of the
deficiencies contemplated by the preceding lesolu-
tion, he would recommend a resort to loans, treas-
ury notes, direct taxes, or a modification of the
tariff, to supply that deficiency, or what other
measures, if any, he would lecommend for the
purpose.
AMERICAN SETTLERS IN OREGON.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the unfinished business of yesterday, viz: die
bill to protect the rights of A'menean citizens in
Oregon, the pending question being upon referring
instructions to the Committee on the Judiciary, to
whom the said bill had been referred.
Mr. WEBSTER rose and remarked that he had
but a word further to say when the Senate adjourn-
ed yesterday. He did not know that it was at all
essential or of importance that the reference which
had already been made should be followed up by
instructions of any kind. The purport of these
instructions was, m part, that the committee should
prepare a bill for the territorial government of
Oregon. Instructions thus far might be requisite,
inasmuch as this was not the committee to whom
that subject was appropriate. Were it not for the
importance of being ieady with a measure for the
establishment of a local government there at the
expiration of the year of notice, he would be en-
tirely willing to refer the bill to the committee
without any instructions. He was certainly one
of the last persons, however, who would think of
establishing a government in Oregon until the limits
to which that government should extend were set-
tled.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he did not know that
he should object to the principle conlamcd in thc*e
instructions; butlie would prefer that the bill be
referred to the committee without any instructions
whatever. The views of the honorable Senator
who proposed the instructions were now in the
possession of the members of the committee, as
well as before the Senate. His purpose, therefore,
would be substantially accomplished, without Mend-
ing the instructions to the eommnue. If it were
in order, as he presumed it wav, he would move,
therefore, that the instructions be laid upon the
table.
Mr. BENTON expressed his concurrence m
the motion. His first object was to refer the sub-
ject to the Committee on the Judiciary. That ob-
ject had been accomplished. His second object
was to lay his own views before the Senate by the
instructions, and to ascertain the ^ciisc of the Sen-
ate upon them. His purpose had been sufficiently
accomplished. i
It was thereupon agreed to. :
Mr. HANNEGAN rose to inquire of the Chair- |
man of the Committee on Finance, or of some j
member of that committee, what had become of j
the Independent Treasury bill ? !
Messrs. HAYWOOD and SPEIGHT informed I
the Senator from Indiana that this question had !
been already answered by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time thus engaged, the doors were
opened, and—
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 2, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced the special order of
the day to be the consideration of bills relating to
the Territories.
Mr. DOUGLASS, on leave, offered a resolution
providing that all debate on the bill to direct the
President of the United States to sell the reserved
mineral lauds in the States of Illinois and Arkansas
and in the Territories of Wisconsin and Iowa,
should cease in half an hour after it should again
have been taken up in committee.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. C. P. SMITH asked leave to withdraw cer-
tain papers from the files of the House.
Objected to.
Mr. BURT moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (with a view to take up the bill supplemen-
tal to an act entitled "An act providing for the
prosecution of the existing; war between the Uni-
ted States and the Republic of Mexico, and for
other purposes.")
The .SPEAKER said that, before such a motion
could be entertained, it would be necessary to
postpone the consideration of the special orders of
the day.
Mr. CURT accordingly submitted that motion,
(which, ho said, had the approbation of the dele-
gates of the Territories,) limiting the postpone-
ment to two o'clock.
And, the question being taken, the motion was
decided in the affirmative.
So the consideration of Territorial business was
postponed until two o'clock.
Mr. J. J. MeDOWTCLL, on leave given, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a hill
further to extend the time for locat ing Virginia mil-
itary land warrants, and returning surveys thereon
to the General Land Office.
The bill having been read a first and second time,
was referred, on motion of Mr. McDowell, to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. McT-JENRY, on leave given, from the
Committee on the District of Columbia, reported
a hill for the relief of James Williams; read twice,
and recommitted.
THE lUEXTOAN WAR.
Mr. BURT offered a resolution providing that
all debate on this supplemental bill should cease at
one oYloek.
After a conversation between Mr. G. DAVIS
and the SPEAKER—
Mr. G. DAVTS moved that the resolution be laid
on the table, and asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as fol-
lows:
YKAS—Mc^rs. Abbott, Ashman, Be)!, Blanchard, John
O Chapman, Cranston, Crosier, Culver, Gairett Davits, Del-
ano, Dockery, John H. Ewmg, Poor. Gentry, Graham, Gnn-
ncll, Hampton, Harper, Iierrjck, Khas B. Holmes, Hudson,
Wa-hinjrfon Ilunf, Joneph It. tngerroU, Daniel P. King,
L<*\vis, Loup, McGmighev, JVfcJJenry, Mcflvaine, Marsh,
Miller, Moseley, Pendleton. Pollock, Rathlmn, Julius Rock-
well, John A. Rockwall. Roof, RimK, Seberiek, Seaman,
Severance, Albert Smilh, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Stew-
art, Strohm, Thibodefitix, Thompson, Truuibo, Vance,
White, Wmthrop, IVoodvvorth, and Younir—V>.
NWS -Mwi'-. Atkinson, Benton, Bowlm, Boyd.Bnnk-
erhoff, Brodhead, William G. Brown, Burt, Cathcurt,Cha<-e,
Clnpnian, Clarke, Collin, Cnllorn, Cummins Gunmngham,
Darnel, Daigan, Di: Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Douglass,
Dunlnp, Enhnan, Fa ran, Fieklin. Fries, Cile^. G rover, Ham-
lin, HairiMm. Henley, Hoge, Hough, Ge.orge S. Houston,
Edmund W. Hubard, James B. Hunt, Hunter, Jenkins, An-
drew J >hn«on, G. W. Jone-, Kauflhtan, Kennedy, Preston
King, Leake, La Sere, Ligon, Lumpkin, Mnclay, McClean,
McClelland, McClernand, McCrate, Joseph J. McDowell,
McKay. John P Martin, Barkley Martin, Morris Moulton,
Niven, Norm, Parri^h, Payne, Perrill, Periy, Pettit, Phelps,
Priee, Rcid, Rifter, Roberts, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon,
Simpson, Thorna* Smith, Robm Smith, Stanton, Stark-
weather, St. John, Jame« Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Tibbatk-.Tredway, Wentworth, Wick, Williams, and Wood
—as.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
And the question recurring on its adoption,
Mr. HARALSON demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. G. DAVIS suggested that one day should
be given to the consideration of this bill.
The SPEAKER inquired of Mr. Haralson
whether he withdrew his motion for the previous
question >
Mr. HARALSON said that, so far as he was
personally concerned, he should be willing that a
day should be given to the subject; but that the
gentlemen interested in the Territorial business
would not consent to so long a postponement of
that business. He could not, therefore, withdraw *
his motion.
The question being taken on the demand for the
previous question, there was a second.
And the main question (on the adoption of the
resolution) was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. WINTHfcOP and Mr. G- DAVIS asked
the yeas and nays; which were ordered,,and, being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS-—Messrs. Atkinson, Benton, Biggs, James Black,
Bowlm, Bojd, Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, William G. Blown,,
Buil, Catheait, Chase, Chipm.m, Clarke, Collin, Constable,
CuIIorn, Cummins?, Cunningham, Daniel, Dargan, De Mott,
Dobbin, Douglass, Durilap, Erdman, Faran, Fieklin, Fostei,
Fries, Grovcr, Hamlin, Haralson, Henley, Hopkins, Hough,
G. S. Houston, Edmund W. Ilubard, Hungerford, James B.
Hunt, lluntei, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Kauliinan, Kennedy, Preston King, Leake, La Sere, Lump-
kin, Maclay, McClean, MeClellajrid, McClernand, McCon-
nell, McCrate, Joseph j. McDowell. McKay, John P. Mar-
tin, Barkley Martin, Morris, Morse, Moulton, Norns, Owen,
Parnsh, Payne, Perrill, Periy, Phelps, Price, Real, Relfe,
Ritter, Robert*, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Simpson, T.
Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Staikweather, St. John,
James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Trcdway,
Wentworth. Wick, Williams, Woodworth, and Yost—93.
NAYS—I^essis. Abbott, A<hmun,Barringer, Bell, filanch-
aid, Milton Biown, Bulfington, W. W. Campbell, Carroll,
John G. Chapman, Collnmer, Cranston, Crozier, Culvej,
Dairagh, Ganett Davis Delano, Dockery, John H. Ewing,
Foot, Graham, Glider, GnnnelJ, Hampton, Harper, Herrie.k,
Ehas B. Holmes, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washington
Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Daniel P. King, Thomas Butler
King, Lewie, Levin, Long, McGaughey, IMcHenry, Marsh,
Miller, Moseley, Pendleton, Pettit, Pollock, Julius Rock-
well, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Schenek, Seaman,
Severance, Albeit Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Stew-
ait, Strohin, Thibodeaux, Benjamin Thompson, Tilden,"
Toombs, Tiumbo, Vance, Wmthrop, Wood, Wright, aud
Voting—456.
50 the resolution was adopted.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Tibbatts, of Kentucky,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
said bill, which was read as follows:
A BILL supplemental to an act entitled "An act providing
for the pio^eeution of the existing war between tbe United
States and the Republic of Mexico," and for other pur-
poses.
lie it enacted hy the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Stales of Jim erica in Congtess assembled) That
the President of the United States 1>e, and he hereby is, au-
thorized to appoint, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, two major-generals, and foui brigadier-generals,
in addition to the present military establishment.
51 o. -2. Jin A he it Jmther enacted, That the President of
the United States be, and lie heieb}' is, authorized to ealJ into
the --ervtce, under the aet approved May thirteen, eighteen
hundred and I'ortv-six, such of the general officers of the
militia a^ the service, m his opinion, may require, and to or-
ganize into brigades and divisions the forces authorized by
said act, according to his discretion.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the field and staff
of a separate beittalion of volunteers, under the said act,
shall be one lieutenant colonel or major, one adjutant with
the rank <?f lieutenant, one sergeant major, one quartermas-
ter sergeant, and a chief bugler or principal musician, ac-
cording to corps.
Sec. 4. .find be it further enacted, That the President of the"
United States may limit the privates in any volunteer com-
pany,'according to his discretion, at f/om sixty-four, to one
hundred; and that with every volunteer company: an addi-
tional second lieutenant may be allowed and accepted.'
Sfc. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That whpn volunteers
or militia are called into tile service of tho United States in
such numbers that the officers of the quartermaster, com-
missaiv, and medical departments, authorized bylaw, be
not fiifficient to provide for supplying, quaitcring, trans-
ports, and furnishing them with the requisite medical at-
tendance, it shall be lawful for the Presidentto appoint, with
the advice and consent of tiie Seriate, as many additional
officer* of said department* as the service may require, not
exceeding one quartermaster and one commissary for each
brigade, with the lank of major, and one assistant quarter-
master. with the rank of captain, one assistant commissary,
with trie rank of captain, one surgeon, and one a&fcistant
surgeon, for each icgiment; the said quartermasters and
commissaries, assi.-tunt quarteima^ters and assistant com-
mts^aiies Jo give bond's, with good and sufficient sureties,
for the faithful performance of their duties; and they and the
said surgeons and assistant surgeons to perform &uch duties
as the Piesidcnt shall dircet: Provided, That the said offi-
cers shall be allowed the same pay and emoluments as are
now allowed to officer* of tbe same descriptions and grades
in those departments respectively; that they be subject to
the rules and articles of war, and continue in service nnly
so lontr as their services shall be required in connexion with
the inihtia and volunteers.
Sec. 6. Jlnd le it further cntictcS^ That promotion, in tbe
quartermasters department, to the rank of major, shaJl
hereafter be made from the captains in thear£ny, and that
appointments In the line, and in the general staff, which
confer equal rank in the army, shall not be held by the
same officer at the same tune j and when any officer of the
staff, who may have been taken from the line, shall, in vir-
tue of seniority, have obtained, or be entitled to promotion
