1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
903
to a grade in his regiment equal to the commission ho may
hold in the staff, tbe said officer shall vacate such staff com-
mbsion, or he may, at Ills option,vacate his commission in
the line.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the aids-de-eamp
of the major general commanding the army in time of war
may be taken from the line, without regard to rank; and
the aids-de-camp allowed to other major generals and briga-
diei generals may be taken from the grade of captain or sub-
altern ; and that the commanding or highest general in rank
may, while in the field, appoint a military secretaiy from
the subalterns of the army, who shall have the pay and
emoluments of a major of cavalry for the time being.
Sec. 8. Andbeil further enacted, That tbe allowance for
clothing to each non-commissioned officer, musician, and
private of volunteers shall be three dollars and fifty cents
per month during the time he shall be in the service of the
United States.
> Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted. That tbe non-oominis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates, of volunteers and
militia, when called into the service of the United States,
shall be entitled to receive fifty cents in lieu of subsistence,
and twenty-five cents in lieu of forage, for such as are
mounted, for every twenty miles, by the most direct route,
from the period of leaving their homes to tbe place of gen-
eral rendezvous, and from the place of discharge back to
their homes.
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the colonel, or
senior officer, of the ordnance department, is authoiized to
enlist for the service of that department, as many master
armorers, master carnage-makers, master blacksmiths,
artificers, armorers, cai riage-inakers, blacksmiths, and la-
borers, as the public service, in his judgment, under the
direction of the Secretary for the Department of War, may
require.
The pending question was on the following
amendment, heretofore reported from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That, m addition to the
present establishment, there shall be two adjutants general
ot division, with the brevet rank, pay, and emoluments of
a colonel of cavalry, and two assistant adjutants general,
with tbe brevet rank, pay, and emoluments of a major of
eavaliy, who shall be taken fioin the line of the army, and,
m addition to their own, shall pen'oim the duties of inspect-
ors general: Provided, That the officers so transferred from
the line shall receive only tbe pay and emoluments of their
rank m the staff; but their transfei shall be without prejudice
to their rank and piomotion in the line accoiding to senior-
ity, which promotion shall take place agiceably to usage, in
the same maimer as if they had not been thus transferred.
Change the numbers of sections from six to the end.
Mr. BURT, under the direction of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, offered the following sub-
stitute for the pending amendment of the commit-
tee:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the President of the United
States be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint as many
additional assistant adjutants general, not exceeding four, as
the service may require, who shall be appointed in the same
manner, have the same brevet rank, pay and emoluments,
and be charged with the same duties as those now autho-
rized by law: Provided, That these additional appointments
shall continue only so long as the exigencies of the service
may render necessary.
He also gave notice of an amendment to the fifth
section, and comprising also an additional section
to the bill.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS said he was astonish-
ed that the House had decided to act so hastily
upon the measure under consideration. It was one
of much importance and not a little difficulty; and
yet less than two hours were allowed to consider,
to amend, and to debate it. Such precipitancy in
the interesting legislation of the United States was
fast ceasing to be novel in the present House, and
was altogether unsafe and reprehensible.
I am opposed (said Mr. Davis) to this measure,
and I will state very briefly a few reasons. Con-
gress has by law authorized the President to em-
ploy in the service of the United States fifty thou-
sand of the militiaof the States. The Constitution
declares expressly that the appointment of the of-
ficers of such militia is reserved to the States re-
spectively. The law to which this is intended to i
be a supplement provides that this body of militia j
may be mustered into the service of the United ;
States by battalions, by regiments, &c. The sec- !
ond section of this bill provides: " That the Presi- \
' dent of the United States be and he hereby is au-
' thorized to call Into the service such of the general
' officers of the militia as the service, in his opin-
' ion, may require, and to organize into brigades
' and divisions the forces authorized by said act,
' according to his discretion." Each regiment au-
thorizes the State authorities to appoint a colonel
to its command; and where more than two regi-
-ments are mustered into the service together, such
authority would be entitled to appoint a brigadier j
general. This and the original bill is artfully de- j
vised to supersede wholly the appointment of bri- ]
gadier generals by State authority. Three regi--j
merits of volunteers are required of each one of i
several States, and among others of the State of!
Kentucky. As this force is all designed to act in
the same war and against a single enemy, all the
force required from a State ought to be mustered
into the service at the same time and place, and
under such an arrangement Kentucky would be
entitled to select and appoint a brigadier general to
command her militia. But I understand the pur-
poses of the War Department to be to prevent this,
by requiring the troops from my State to rendez-
vous at different points, so that a brigade command
shall not he collected at one point. In this sort of
detail they are to be thrown with the volunteers
from other States; and then the President, in the
exercise of the discretionary powers vested in him
by this bill, declines to call into the service any
general officer of the State of Kentucky, but throws
a regiment from that State with one or more regi-
ments from other States, and organizes them into
brigades or divisions according to ins discretion, and
then appoints a major general, or a brigadier gen-
eral, as provided for by the first section, to com-
mand them. This would be juggling the States
out of their right to officer their own militia, for
the grades of brigadier and major general.
But the fifth section pushes this infringement
upon this power and right of the States still fur-
ther. It provides:
"That wiipn volunteers or militia arc called into the ser-
vice of tbe United States in such numbers that the officers
of the quartermaster, commissary, and medical departments,
authorized bylaw, be not sufficient to provide for supplying,
quartering, transporting, and furnishing them with the re-
quisite medical attendance, it shall be lawful for the Presi-
dent to appoint, with the advice and consent of the Senate,
as many additional officers of said departments as the ser-
vice may requiie, not exceeding one quartermaster and one
commissary tor each brigade with the rank of maior, and
one a*>?i>tant qunrtftrnmstor with tbe rank of captain, one
assistant commissary with the rank of captain, one surgeon
and assistant surgeon, for each regiment.'1
Here are six classes of officers, each class neces-
sarily to be numerous, some of them of a brigade
and some of a regimental character, not only ap-
pertaining but indispensably necessary to the or-
ganization of this militia force which Congress has
authorized, and which the President has required
from the several States. The Constitution Expressly
provides that the appointment of these officers, of
all militia officers, is reserved to the .States; and
this bill coolly proposes to take this power from
the States and vest it in the President and the Sen-
ate. I know how vain a task it is to appeal to the
Constitution to stay this Democratic party in any
of its purposes. When the Constitution favors
their ends they clamorously invoke it; when it
stands in their way they contemn and trample it
under foot. But this power to officer their own
militia, when a President of the United States calls
them into service, is one of the rights of the States.
It secures to each State a control over its own
troops, and protects them against what would be
the all-conquering military power of the President,
when large bodies of the militia are called into the
service of the United States, and all its officers
holding their commissions and existing but by his
sufferance. Yet a moiety of this great security,
Democrats, State-rights men, strict construction-
ists of the Constitution, go now for adding to the
overgrown powers of our President king*, the other
half, no doubt, they will be ready to surrender
when, in the exercise of the recently clutched war-
making power, he brings on a conflict with Eng-
land for Oregon.
Mr. Chairman, I am opposed also to the first
section of this bill, which authorizes the President
"to appoint, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, two major generals, and four brigadier
generals, in addition to the present military estab-
lishment." The object of the appointment of four
brigadier generals by the President is obvious
enough—it is to increase his patronage, and to
cheat the State authorities out of their appoint-
ment. Beyond the ever-present motive of an in-
crease of patronage and spoils, the party reasons
for the two major generals are more obscure. I
do not believe that there is any necessity for such
an increase of the high officers of the army, and
particularly of a permanent increase, as this is in
its terms. We know that a proposition to limit it
to the continuance of the present war in Mexico
failed, and I do not believe it to be necessary even
during the continuance of this war. We all know
the condition of Mexico. After the recent signal
defeats of her army, when the odds were so much
in its favor, it is almost certain that she will not
again take the field with a large body of men, and
come to pitched battles. Our army has taken post
on the western bank of the Rio Grande, and doubt-
less before this has taken possession of Matamo-
ras, and driven the Mexicans into the interior.
They are divided into antagonist factions, headed
by military leaders; and have no permanency or
repose. They have no revenue resources; no sys-
tem of government; no security of person or prop-
erty; no great industrial interest; and are in a state
of social disorganization. It would excite surprise
in no person to leam to-morrow of the overthrow
of the government of Paredes; and with that event
this war would terminate. Before it, there might
be some skirmishing and partisan operations, but
even now the war has been substantially brought
to a close by the victories of General Taylor. The
idea of constituting two major generals and foitr
brigadier generals for this war is ridiculous. This
is the probability of existing things; if it be differ-
ent, it is against reason and events, so far as we are
informed. There is not the least apparent neces-
sity to us for this measure; and as Uongress will
be in session some six or eight weeks yet, and
long before its adjournment will know certainly the
course which the Mexican war will take, why act
now upon a conjecture of it, when delay can pro-
duce no possible mischief. We may learn, in the
meantime, as I do not doubt we will, that there is
not even a seeming necessity for these six addi-
tional generals, their aids, &c.; certainly, if we
authorize them, we will soon know that it is easier
to make than to unmake generals.
Mr. Chairman, at the close of the last war we
had sixty-five thousand troops and but twenty-five
generals, and our armies were then employed on
many and distant frontiers, from Nova Scotia to
New Orleans. Now, when the present establish-
! ment is filled up, there will be, exclusive of the
; militia, which the States have the right to officer,
but about fifteen thousand men. We have twelve
generals and a great redundance of officers of a
lower grade. Our reduced peace establishment
was founded upon the principle of having it full
officered, and about a half supply of privates; so
i that when it become necessary to increase the
i army, this might be done by filling up the rank
and file without any addition of officers. The
principle is wise and right. An enlargement of
the army has been made upon it, and all that is
necessary now is, to let it alone, and it will work
well.
But, Mr. Chairman, it looks as if this measure
had two other objects: the one to dispose of our
present commander-in-chief, by precluding him
from taking charge of this war, and arranging him
out of command and out of office at a future time,
when the army is reduced; the other to supersede
| General Taylor, and tear from his brow some of
that rich chaplet of laurels with which he has late-
ly wreathed it. One additional major-general's
office would have sufficed for the first object. But
then the attack upon General Scott would have been
too naked and palpable; therefore, two more major-
generals must be provided for. None other is ne-
cessary to give to the command of our armies the
requisite degree of courage and talent, science and
experience. But it is said that it is necessary to
have a major-general of the United States on that
frontier, to prevent the militia generals of the States
from assuming the command. If this be the true
reason, why then not send off General Scott to
take charge of this war? His rank, his military
talents and experience, and the high confidence in
! which the country holds him, entitle him to that
; position, and he is understood to have demanded
' it of the Executive. If they want a general un-
. der their control and authority to conduct this war,
i he is both high enough in rank and able enough in
ability and experience for them. But his fame is
already too overshadowing, and he is thought to
cherish an ambition in conflict with Mr. Polk's,
and it will not do to afford him opportunities still
further to increase it. Then why not let Taylor—
j "old Rough and Ready'5—himself manage the
! Mexican war? The general-in-chief has laurels
enough for one man. The brave are always just
i and magnanimous; and I doubt not that his lofty
1 spirit would feel the pleasure of a soldier, who
was without fear and without shame, to see this
war confided to his subordinate, General Taylor.
But here arises the objection that he, being but
a colonel, would be superseded by militia generals.
This is b ut a pretext. He has been for some years
a brigadier general by brevet, and has within a
