1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
907
should delight to honor with some of these com-
missions. But there were other-reasons why this
should be done. He had shown a very great dis-
parity between the number of officers in the army
of 1812 and now; and his only object was, to have
officers sufficient for the forces mustered into actual
service. He had said that we would require the
services of major generals by commission from
the differerit States; we should also require the
services of brigadier generals, and it would be ac-
tually necessary that we should do so from those
States from which we draw a greater force than a
regiment.
But he wished to show to the House the actual
necessity of the second section of the bill. Mr.
H. said the second section of the bill authorized
the President to organize the militia of the States
into brigades and divisions; and he proceeded to
explain the object of that provision. He had (he
said) shown the necessity of the first and second
sections of the bill. He would call the attention
of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] to
one point in the bill: a proposition was to be made,
as he had understood, to limit the term of the ap-
pointments under this bill to the existence of the
war with Mexico. He was willing that, when
there should be no further necessity for the ser-
vices of the officers of the army, they should be
disbanded; but he thought it improper to make the
provision at this time, and in this bill. Officers
holding commissions in the present service would
not give them up, even to take a higher rank under
this act, if, at the end of the war, they were to be
disbanded. They would not like to exchange a
permanent commission for one that was to termi-
nate with the war. Ample provision could be
made on this subject when the time should come.
Those who had most distinguished themselves in
the service could be retained in it, but it would be
premature now to provide that the commissions of
all should expire when the war was ended, it might
prevent us from having the services of many valu-
able officers at the present time.
In that view of the subject, lie hoped that all
provisions of this sort would be left to those who
come after us in these seats. He had designed to
give reasons in support of the different sections of
the bill in the order in which they come; but it
would perhaps be an unnecessary consumption of
time. The several amendments ottered by the
committee would be well considered before they
were rejected.
He would explain, that it was not by any m^ans
the object of this bill to supersede General Taylor,
but, on the contrary, he hoped that .the President
would put him at the head of any war that should
be carried on in Mexico, and enable him to com-
plete what he had so gloriously commenced.
Mr. H. went on to explain that we could not
have an army of 20,01)0 men in the field without
four major gefterals. They would constitute four
divisions, of four or five thousand men each, and
each would require a major general to command
them, with twice that number of brigadier gene-
rals. Without such an arrangement, orders could
not be communicated with sufficient promptness
between the different wings of the army. He did
not advocate the bill because it increased the num-
ber of epauletted gentlemen, but because it gave
efficiency to the service. In organizing the State
militia some difficulty was found from the fact that
State laws differed from the United States laws.
One object of the bill was to enable the President
to fix the number of the companies, and officer
them according to the laws prescribed by the States,
as far as it could be done. He had no such object
in view as that to which the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Davis] had alluded. He trusted that
no one had any such object. His desire was to
give greater efficiency to the service, and no one
would be more ready than himself to cut off all
unnecessary expenses.
Mr. JOSEPH J. McDOWELL took the floor;
but yielded for a moment to
Mr. A. JOHNSON, who offered an amendment,
to be considered when m order.
Mr. BOYD modified an amendment of which he
had previously given notice.
Mr. E. H. E WING gave notice of an amend-
ment which he would offer when in order.
Mr. JOSEPH J. McDOWELL thought, he
said, that the preparations proposed weie greater
than the occasion required. The occasion bore no
omparison with the exigency of 1812, which had
been brought into view. Then the army was di-
vided into various expeditions, but we should not
attack Mexico probably in more than one or two
points. Now, what number of general officers
would be necessary to prosecute the war with vi-
gor and success? We should be very careful not
to increase the expenses of the military establish-
ment unnecessarily.
He was willing to trust General Taylor with the
command in Mexico, for he was perfectly well
convinced that he had the head, and the heart, and
the experience which qualified him for the expedi-
tion. He wished to put him in such a position
that he could not be superseded in the command.
It would be a burning shame to permit him to be
superseded after his late glorious victories. There
were several officers of the army who could take
precedence of him. - He had understood that Gen-
eral Wool was of this numbei, and that he might
supersede General Taylor m command. He would
like to sec the bill so modified as to add one major
general to the army, and to provide that Geneial
Taylor should be the one appointed. He believed
that it was unfortunate for the country that, at the
commencement of the Government we had started
with the idea of appointing military officers for life,
and it was inconsistent with the general character
of our institutions. It was well known to every
one that men long in service lost all vigor of ac-
tion, and became physically incapacitated for effi-
cient service, and could not be entrusted with the
maintenance of the honor and glory of their coun-
try.
It might be necessary (said Mr. McD.) to add
one or two brigadier generals. He was, however,
of the opinion that the war would be soon at an
end. In three months there would probably be a
change of government in Mexico, and propositions
would then be made by her to receive a Minister.
If so, the Avar would be at an end. He would be
willing to vote for one major general, and for two,
or perhaps three, brigadier generals, but no more.
The second section of the bill he did not exactly
like, for it seemed to strike at the officers under
State authorities. When two regiments were called
out, the brigadier of the State had a right to com-
mand; and this bill seemed to put it in the power
of the President to take l'rom the States this con-
stitutional right.
Mr. McD. read the second section, and ex-
pressed the opinion that its provisions were too
general, and required modification. Why should
this section give the President the power to ap-
point officers for the brigades? He would not ob-
ject to the section, if it was confined to cases where
the President drew companies of nnlitia from sev-
eral different States.
Mr. BURT here explained, that the section did
not interfere at all with the rights of the States to
organize their nnlitia. When one regiment was
called from one State, and the oilier regiment of
the brigade from another State, either of the States
would have the right to appoint the brigadier
general; and therefore the Piesident was autho-
rized to appoint a bngadier general from the offi-
cers commissioned by either of the States. So
in other eases. When a division was called out,
composed of militia from several States, the Presi-
dent was authorized to appoint the major geneial
by selecting one of the commissioned officers of
the Slates. j
Mr. McDOWELL replied, that if that was the I
object of the section, he hoped that some one of j
the committee would offer an amendment, to render ,
it more explicit in its terms. Though he had a j
high opinion of the honesty and integrity of the j
President, yet he did not wish to give him any j
discretionary power to interfere with State laws, j
Mr. HAltALSON here explained, that there j
was no conflict between the provisions of the bill
and the State laws. The President was the com-
mander-in-chief of the militia, but the States had
the right to organize the militia. The object of
the bill was merely to give the President the power
to appointan officer already m commission to com-
mand, when the force was drawn perhaps from
four different States.
Mr. McDOWELL (resuming) said that he should
be pleased if the bill could be so modified as to ren-
der it unobjectionable to him, for he was anxious
to increase the efficiency of the army. He regret- 1
ted that the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] j
had indulged in such feelings as he had done to-day. !
In such a moment as this every arm should be lifted |
for the defence of the country, and every tongue
should speak in such terms as would give conii-
dence to the efforts of the country. He would not
cast any censure on" the President of the United
States, even if he supposed that he had committed
an error. He thought it bad taste and bad policy
to endeavor to stir up those old party feelings winch
had so long agitated the country. We ought all
of us to agree upon the measures requisite for the
protection of the common interest, and we ought all
to join in the commendation of our gallant little
army. He could find no fault with the President's
management of the affair. It seemed to him that
he had conducted it very prudently. He certainly
did not know that any attack was to be made by
the Mexicans upon our army, and he had given
General Taylor discretionary power to call for
such force as would enable him to sustain his po-
sition. General Taylor was constantly in com-
munication with the department, and he never
advised it that any attack would be made. In fact
he knew nothing of the attack until it was made.
If the gentleman's charge was true against the
President, it also applied with greater force to Gen-
eral Taylor, for he was clothed with powers to call
out an adequate force for the emergency. Why
should the President have called for volunteers,
when he had left it to the discretion of General Tay-
lor to call for them, if they should be wanted ? But
General Taylor was sensible of his own strength.
He was sensible of the efficiency and bravery of
his little force. Had the case been diffeient—had
General Taylor been in possession of a superior
forcc—his laurels would not now be so fresh. The
Mexicans had the advantage of position and num-
bers, and a complete knowledge of the ground;
and General Taylor had to meet them without even
a breastwork for his protection from their artil-
lery.
The assault which had been made upon the Pres-
ident was, he thought, in bad taste. It was not
necessary for him to defend the President, for the
pa^"iotism of the country would unite in approba-
tion of his acts.
Mr. CARROLL said that the exigencies of
the country, and the disposition he felt to pro-
vide. for them, would induce him to make some re-
marks on this bill without preparation. He did
not know that he would vote for the bill as it stood.
But if it should be so amended as to confine the se-
lection of officers to the line of the army he would
support it. He complimented the skill and gal-
lantry of the present officers of the army, and in-
sisted that they were fully adequate to services
which would be required, and that the only diffi-
culty would be in making a selection from so many
officers of high merit. The opportunity now af-
forded to bestow a word of approval on these offi-
cers ought not to be neglected. He had cordially
united in the vote of thanks to the gallant Taylor,
and all the officers and soldiers under his command.
They all went into the conflicts of the 8th and 9th
with a determination to conquer or die. These
officers had been denounced as unfit for command
because they had been educated at, the Military
Academy. But the fact was that 200 out of 262 of
those officers were educated at West Point, and
had borne testimony to the science and discipline
which were acquired in that school. After this
brilliant proof of the utility of that school, he trusted
that it would be universally admitted that educa-
tion was necessary for an officer as well as for any
other profession. These officers were perfectly
able to officer the whole force now to lie raised.
So far as the object was to appoint General Tay-
lor a major general, he would heartily unite in it.
But who was the other major general to be ap-
pointed ? The honorable chairman had told us
that General Taylor, now a colonel in the line,
would be one. Who was to be the other?
Mr. HARALSON explained that he did not
know upon whom either of the appointments were
to be conferred. He had said he hoped that Gen-
eral Taylor would be one.
Mr. CARROLL went on to argue, from what
had taken place, that the officers would be taken,
not from the army, but from politicians.
This House had provided that the officers of the
new mounted rifle regiment should be taken from
the line of the army. It was defeated by a small
majority in the Senate. But who were appointed
as the officers ? How did the President exercise his
discretion? Some gentleman near him had said
that lie appointed Whigs, because the son of Mr.
