1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
909
Subsequently, the above motion was reconsid-
ered, as irregular.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 3, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. BURT moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; but waived the motion at the request of
Mr. MORRIS, between whom and Messrs.
BURT, COBB, and the SPEAKER, some con-
versation occurred as to the moder m which the
resolution offered by Mr. M. last evening had been
disposed of.
Mr. M. moved a reconsideration of the vote by
which the said resolution had been laid on the tabic.
Mr. BURT insisted on his motion; which was
agreed to.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Tib-
batts, of Kentucky, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill from the Senate, sup-
plementary to the act of the 13th May, 1846, pro-
viding for the prosecution of the war against Mex-
ico, and of the pending amendments.
Mr. HOLMES said that Government was not a
very easy instrument to play upon. Government
is complicated in its best estate, and when an ex-
igency arises which calls for the action of this Gov-
ernment, out of the common order of events, it
requires that ench find every part should as far as
possible circumscribe its own functions, and act in
harmony with every other part. You have, for
wise purposes, delegated distinct authority to dis-
tinct copartments; and upon the efficiency of these
several copartments and the harmony of the whole,
must depend the efficiency of your general action.
Now, sir, a bill has been sent from the War De-
partment, and received the sanction of the Execu-
tive authority. It has gone to another oopartment
of this Government, and they likewise having con-
sidered it well, have matured the bill, and sent it
down to us; and at a moment when the spirit of
the whole country is aroused; when the eyes of all
men are awake to the exigencies of the country;
when your volunteers are moving in numbers to
the defence of our honor and our soil, you are ac-
tually coldly deliberating and making objection
after objection to the only mode by which effi-
ciency can be added to the forces you have autho-
rized to be raised. This bill proposed not an aug-
mentation of the forces—you have already done
that; it is not an expenditure of money, for with
a liberal, if'not a profuse hand, you have opened
the treasury; but it provides for the appointment
of those officers who should organize the materiel
and personnel which you have already, and to ren-
der that mighty struggle which may ensue and the
mighty means at hand, efficient and triumphant.
And it does surprise me, I confess it, that gentle-
men who profess to be the advocates of the Ad-
ministration (and I have made no such pretence
and no such proffers) should stand on this floor
and oppose almost the only proposition which has
come from the Executive as a consummation of i
every proposition you have adopted. ]
What does the bill now before you propose? To
give to the army, to add to the forces already exist- ,
mg, two major and four brigadier generals. For
what purpose ? For the purpose of rendering that
available which you have already voted. You have
voted fifty thousand volunteers; you have doubled
your army, from seven to fifteen thousand men;
you have called into requisition the resources of
the country; and now, when a bill is framed by .
another part of this Government, and adopted uti- j
der the sanction of the Executive, you are about
(or there are indications of it) to deny to him the j
salutary means of efficiency.
Mr. H. proceeded to notice the objections made [
to this bill. The first was, that there was no ne- j
cessity for such addition. That was a question to j
be ascertained by numbers, by mathematical prin- j
ciples, by the application of known principles. We ;
had now fourteen regiments of troops, amounting, |
when filled up, to fifteen thousand men; but which, j
by-the-by, would make fifteen or sixteen regiments, |
according" to the principles on which regiments were I
filled. Two regiments constituted a brigade; we, 1
therefore, want seven brigadier generals; we want
five more—the bill proposes four. And for sixteen
regiments we want four major generals—we have
now one; the bill proposes to add two, leaving still
a deficit of one. Now, the question is, shall we
pause to give the requisite officers for the essential
forces ? Wh y pause ?
But, say some gentlemen, bad appointments may
be made. It did not become men intrusted by the
people with a co-ordinate function to be jealous and
suspicious of those elevated to distinct functions,
the operation of which is essential to our Govern-
ment; and it little became those who profess to be
the party supporting th'e Administration—on a mere
supposition; nay, if they had the certainty that there
would he injudicious appointments, to withhold the
requisite means of efficiency; because gentlemen
had better let errors occur and evils ensue, than that
the copartments of the Government not be invested
in time of difficulty with adequate means and respon-
sibility. There is a vigor m this construction that
would remedy its evils; and the only way by which
the whole force and sanitary power of this con-
struction can be put forth for these great ends, is to
let the evils necessarily involved m the operation
of this construction as rapidly as possible develop
themselves; and the quicker you give the power to
develop themselves—even for evil—the quicker you
have the power to apply the remedy, before the
evils overwhelm you. If the President has, or will
hereafter, make injudicious appointments, upon
him rests the responsibility; but upon this House
and the other rests the responsibility of authorizing
the appointment of a sufficient number of officeis
to lead our army and render it effective.
The objection was urged, on another side, that it
would be an increase of expenditure*. #10,000,000
have just been appropriated, and now talk about
the expenditure of a few hundred thousand dollars,
to render effective and available all that you have
already done. But this was an ad cuphmdum a.v-
gument. This saving for the treasury the mnu-
munis and expending the maximums was too
much practised upon, and was veiy often the re-
sult of these ideas of economy. Hut Mr. II. said
that brevet brigadier generals receive the pay of
bngadiei generals by ri"hi,and hence their pi emo-
tion would in fact involve no additional expense.
Again: it was said that we were putting forth
more force than the exigency demands. It be-
comes a wise people (said Mr. l-J.) not to circum-
scribe their vision by the events that immediately
surround them, but to consider the relations in
which we stand to the State with which we are
now in conflict engaged, and to carry their ken on-
ward, and consider the relation in which that Gov-
ernment stands to the other Powers of the earth,
and our relations with these Powers, and so to
arrange our system of operations that let any pos-
sible exigency arise, we shall, by the vastness and
comprehensiveness of our preparations, have cm-
braced the whole. It was said that we were at
war with a weak Power; but the power of a na-
tion depends not on the amount of mere physical
force they can bring into the field; for the battle is
not always to the strong. Wc had carried the day
in one or two engagements by a successful coup de
main; we had now to prosecute a strategic war;
we had to pass over deserts, and through ravines;
they will overtop you on their mountain heights;
they will meet you in the valleys, and would re-
sort to all the strategy of a guerilla war. Mr H.
further referred to the natuie of their country, the '
comprehensiveness of views, and the sagacity of |
their statesmen, the fineness of the personnel of j
their army requiring only to be officered by skilful J
commanders to make one of the most effective I
forces m the world—all going to show that Mexico !
herself was no enemy to he despised and under- '
rated. j
But he feared, he very much feared, that this j
war was but the first germ of a still broader and
mightier conflict. He would say to the people, if
he could arouse them to the exigency and the pre-
paration, Do not stand counting the cost, but give
to the arm of the Government efficiency. Did >
Mexico bear no relation to any foreign Govern- j
ment? Great Britain has subjected her to be a ;
province; it was by her policy that Miranda's ex- \
pedition was commenced; that that country was j
rent from the mother country, and became a repub- i
lie. She has a mortgage of $80,000,000 on the i
soil, and her capitalists are now working the mines !
of Mexico, from which they draw out vast hoards j
of treasure. She has an eye as keenly upon the
Californias as you have; she knows the advan-
tages of the ports of Monterey and St. Francisco;
and she is not going to relinquish, at the word of
your command, all her hopes. Or perhaps it will
happen before any response is given by England
to our notice to quit Oregon in twelve months, or
compromise—that however disposed she has been
| heretofore to meet us on a particular line of de-
| marcation, she will pause in her course, and look
| to coming events; and perhaps ascribe motives of
i conquest that do not exist; and, prepared as she
| is, with her mighty armaments and ready fleets,
! make an issue with you on the first point. It is
! well for you to contemplate this important, if not
| probable, state of events, that may burst upon you
m your state of fancied security. Mr. H. e.on-
: tinued by asking (after a sentence or two, which
were lost to the reporter) if gentlemen thought that
she (Great Britain) was willing to see absorbed
into the bosom of this republic that Mexico, with
her fine harbors, her mines of wealth, and all her
; natural advantages, after she had expended mil-
| lions to break the bonds of Spain—to get rid of the
. navigation laws, so stringent in the mother coun-
I try? Was she about to let us sweep, without any
difficulty, the whole of this country, and throw
our navigation laws around that whole coast, de-
structive to her navigating interests >
■j Was there nothing a statesman should look to
; even beyond England? Was there no meaning in
• ; that one comprehensive sentence of the prime min-
,! ister of France, that France should hold the hal-
ij ance of power upon this continent? And would
II such a declaration have been made by a country
j; where diplomacy is so nicely adjusted and bal-
;i aneed, unless it had been supposed that a state of
■ I things would arise which would justify the inter-
[' fere nee of France? He alluded to the movements
'! of England and France in the Argentine Republic,
]j and asked what there was to prevent her inter-
! fering with us when occasion should arise?
; No, (said Mr. H.,) meet this question like men.
■ : Prepare for future events—not on the calculation
; i of dollars and cents—not by distrust of the Execu-
tive, who is to wield the power. Let all the co-
,■ partmcnts of the Government move together, and
j| our nation is as unconquerable in her means, as
!! her spirit is indomitable in her childien.
; Mr. H. would never consent to limit the appoint-
• ment of officers to the expiration of the war. He
doubted now whether this legislature, with all irs
, wisdom, could appreciate the extent of our diffi-
culty; and he was certain that no man, however
I keen his conception, could tell what the necessity
1 of the case may urge upon us. At the expira-
i tion of the war, other legislators would come,
■ and could diminish the army, and reduce it to a
, peace establishment, on the basis which to them
, might seem best; but let us not undertake to do not
: only what seemeth best for the present, but for
; all time to come. It would do no good, because
their action could not circumscribe the functions of
j future Congresses; but vast harm, inconceivable
j evils might result, and ineffable dangers might
. spring up. Was it nothing to say to an officer in
the midst of hardships and dangers, when he re-
■ quires everything to prompt him—love of coun-
| try, hopes of promotion, the gratitude of the peo-
j pie: " As long as you are in the harness, as you are
used, you shall be employed; but when the time
; comes that the whole people are rejoicing at the
■ successful termination of the war, you alone shall
! be sent to some vast wilderness, some lonely re-
; treat, where you can have the solitary consolation
, of looiang back upon your past services."
! He was opposed to that amendment, and in
• favor of the bill in all its provisions; and, in con-
; elusion, he appealed to all, laying aside all petty
i considerations, and elevating themselves to a con-
j sideration not only of those things which weie now
; present, but of those vast contingencies that mi°;ht
occur, to make all proper and adequate prepara-
tion therefor, and show that we were capable of
being a nation of statesmen.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH was understood to re-
mark, that he did not know that there would be
such a difficulty in bringing this war to a success-
ful termination as seemed to be anticipated by the
gentleman who had just taken his seat. He re-
gretted deeply that we were engaged in a war with
Mexico at all; she was one of those countries with
which, least of all, he desired this nation to be
engaged in conflict. And for fear he might say
