1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§11
officers of an army in all history in modern times,
showed one brigadier general to be necessary fo
2,000 men-, and one major general to 4,000 men;
and that fewer officers were wholly inadequate to
the wants of the service.
Mr. B. hex-e made a statement of the number of
officers and men in the revolutionary army. As to
the officers, it appeared from a report made by the
adjutant general in 1812, in conformity with a call
from Congress, that, in 1775, there were four ma-
jor generals and eight brigadier generals. In 1775
five brigadier generals were promoted, and twen-
ty-three brigadiers were appointed-, three major
generals were appointed; General Washington, at
the same time, urged that a still greater number of
officers be appointed. The number of men m the
army did not at any time exceed thirty-five thou-
sand. That was the gieatest number in the field
at any one time.
In the year 1812 we had six major generals and
sixteen brigadier generals. These appointments
were all permanent. They were not to expire at
the end of the war. In some instances volunteers
were commanded by their own generals. He had
the estimates of the number of men commanded
by these officers. The facts were contained in a
report from the adjutant general. The permanent
force was thirty three thousand in the year 1813.
The whole number of troops, regular and tempo-
rary, was 58,252. Some of them were employed
for merely local objects, and for our coast defence,
and needed not the command of general officers.
In 1812 the number of officers was 1,450, and
of men, 15,825.
In 1813 the number of officers was 1,744; and of
men, 35,161-
We had now bjit one major general and two
brigadier generals. These were all. We had col-
onels in the line who had been distinguished for
their gallantry in 1812. They were now at the
head of bureaus, and their services there were in-
dispensable to the country in the time of war or
peace. He was surprised to hear gentlemen here
talking of dispensing with such services, and of
bringing all these officers into the field, regardless
of their present important duties.
Our present army had been increased to a force
of one hundred men for each company, and winch
tendered the whole regular force more than seven-
teen thousand. If we added to this force the sev-
enteen thousand volunteers which had been called
out for the service of the army, the whole number
of the army would be thirty-nve thousand men. If
any gentleman would apply the rule that had here-
tofore prevailed to the present circumstances, he
would find that the number of officers proposed
was less than was necessary for the perfect organ-
ization of the present force.
We should have under this bill, three major gen-
erals and six brigadier generals in the field with an
army of thirty-five thousand men. He trusted that
it was not necessary to suggest to this committee,
or to any one who understood anything about the
organization of an army, that an army must be per-
fectly organized, and that its symmetry in every
respect must be perfect. It would not be proper
to trust to officers taken from regiments as brevet
officers. The accidents of the held, and lapse of
time, might carry off some of them, and derange
commands in the most perfectly organized army.
He considered it prudent to increase the number of
officers, and he alluded to the fact that the fields of
Mexico were strewn with gallant officers m this
early stage of the conflict. Look (he said) to the
battle-fields of the Rio Grande. One-sixth of the
whole number of those who had fallen m those con-
flicts consisted of our gallant officers. No one would
be surprised, ii'in some such field it might become
necessary for a colonel to command a brigade.
He did not intend to notice the political objec-
tions to this bill, and he did not anticipate that any
appointments under it would be made which would
be improper; and he would say, that if the Presi-
dent, while authorized to strike a blow at Mexico
which should thrill through her borders, should
stop to think of party interests, he would be him-
self the first to join in the many execrations which
would come up from the whole body of the people
to rebuke and denounce him. He considered that
such objections were premature and in bad taste.
It was wrong to indulge in them now.
Mr. B. said he had explained sufficiently the ne-
cessity of this bill, but he would add some expla-
nations upon some few points. The President had
called for regiments from different .States, and it |
would be impossible that any brigadier general or
major general should be appointed by any one
State, when the regiments or divisions should be
drawn from different States.
Mr. B. adverted to the objections to the remain-
der of the fifth section of the bill, which had been
made by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Da-
vis,] and the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. T.
Smith.] Their objection was, that the fifth section
denied to the States their constitutional power to
appoint officers to command the regiments which
they raised. The Constitution provided that the
States should officer their men when they were
raised, but the organization of the troops was to
be prescribed by an act of Congress. According
to that organization, the States had a right to ap-
point their own officers.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH here said that he would
put this question:
The Constitution of the United States reserved
to the States the right of officering their militia,
and .Congress had prescribed their organization;
Had Congress the riffht to organize the militia,
and to dispense with half of the officers which the
States had a right to appoint?
Mr. BUliT. Certainly not; but the Slates have
not the right to prescribe the number of officers in
the field. Notwithstanding all the objections of
the gentlemen to the bill, not one of them has sug-
gested that the number of officers provided for in
the third scction, ought to be increased.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Smith,] Mr.
B. said, would see that the objection was inappli-
cable, if a State furnishes a battalion of troops.
But he would comc to the substance of the objec-
tion of the gentleman, which was, that the provi-
sion of the bill was unconstitutional, because it
provided that the United States should furnish the
commissaries, quartermasters, and surgeons, and
the gentleman contended, on the other hand,
that all the officers should be appointed by the
States. He (Mr. B.) said, that m no just sense
could these commissaries, quartermasters, and
surgeons, be considered as officers of the States.
The Constitution referred to those officers who
were to lead the troops. But these officers to whom
the gentleman alluded, were attached to the army,
but were not, in any proper sense, to be considered
as officers.
Mr. G. DAVIS here remarked that these offi-
cers were appointed by the President, with the
advice and consent of the Senate.
Mr. BURT replied that ctvil officers were at-
tached to the army, and he proposed to show when
these officers were appointed by the President,
with the advice and consent of the Senate, they
were intrusted with the stores and funds belonging
to the United Suites, and not with those of the
States. It was necessary to the efficiency of the ser-
vice that these officers should be appointed by the
United States; for they must be under the control
of the power whose funds they were to disburse.
That was the reason why they were to be appoint-
ed by the President with the advice and consent of
the Senate.
He trusted that no objection would be raised to
the bill because it increased Executive patronage;
and he would not stop now to meet such an ob-
jection, even if it existed in the mind of any one
lictc. He should at the proper time propose an
amendment to the bill in rcfcrence to the 7th sec-
tion. He would remark that the military secre-
taries were officers familiar to the service, and were
indispensable to general officers in command.
Their duty was to draw up orders, &c., when offi-
cers of the line had not time to do it. In time of
peace these duties were discharged by aids, but in
the field the aids of major generals and brigadier
generals had other and important duties to dis-
charge.
Mr. ATKINSON here asked whether in the war
with Great Britain any such officers were appoint-
ed by law? and, if so, whether the law could be
produced ?
Mr. BOYD here suggested a proviso to that sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. BURT continued, and stated that the pro-
vision was proposed by the different departments,
and it was deemed necessary for the efficiency of
the service. He proposed to say a few words upon
the ordnance department of the army. The num-
ber of men connected with that branch of the ser-
vice was now 250. The amendment proposed to
increase that number, at the discretion of the head
of that service, to 1,000 men. He held m his hand
a statement of the number of men employed in it
at the present time and for some months preced mg.
The master blacksmiths and mechanics averaged
in number 5U0 in time of peace. It was indispen-
sable to increase the number of officeis.- The nres-
ent number was inadequate. A number had been
drawn off for the service in Texas. These men
were employed to prepare carriages for cannon,
&c., and the economy of the service required-ail
increase of their number. He assured the com-
mittee that the proposed increase of the number of
mechanics and laborers in the army would not in-
crease the expenses.
Mr. HARALSON here said that he would an-
swer the objection urged by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Atkinson.] He referred to a law
authorizing the appointment of aids and secretaries,
and argued that the piovision referred to in the
bill was sustained by the practice of the Govern-
I mcnt.
I Mr. BURT continued, and remarked that it was
| his duty to say a word in- regard to other amend-
: ments proposed by the departments, and approved
j by the committee. It was proposed to organize
j from the ordnance corps a company to be called
! "Rocketeers." In modern warfare the rocket
was of great power and efficiency. Modern im-
provements had lendered the rocket more destruc-
j tive than even field artillery. The company of
" Rocketeers" in the field would be more efficient
than a battery of one hundred guns. The corps
would not increase the expenses of the army, ex-
cept in providing the material for making the
rockets. He trusted that the committee would
not withhold anything which might be necessary
for the efficiency of the army, and to give it success.
Every patriot and every philanthropist must see
that it was necessary to bring this war to a speedy
teimination. There were many political consider-
ations which required that the war should not be
protracted. Let us, therefore, send troops so equip-
ped and so officered, that we can strike a blow
which will bring the war to a speedy close. He
hoped that this would not prove to be a Florida
war. Let vis unite upon such measures as will
bring it to an early termination.
Mr. DARRAGH said that the objection of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] to the
bill,so far as it was grounded upon the right of the
States to appoint officers, was not well founded.
He drew a distinction between the volunteers and
the militia, and urged that the bill declaring the
existence of a war with Mexico had recognised
that distinction. That bill provided that the Pres-
ident of the United States should call upon the
army, navy, and militia, and the second section
gave him the right to accept, the services of volun-
teers. The President of the United States, he
.therefore argued, retained the power of appointing
these officers as a portion of the regular army, for
it was a case in which the power was not reserved
to the States. So far as legislation had gone, at
present there was no militia in the field, but volun-
; teers had been called for. The only question was,
! whether we should give the army all the efficiency
j which was required.
He adverted to the danger arising from large
I standing armies, and discredited all the predictions
I which had been made of the interference of for-
I eign Powers in the affairs of this continent. Those
, Powets had learned some lessons, and would have
I more which would .teach them to stay at home.
i The time was coming when every great European
| Power would be told that they must not come
] here. His word for it, the time was at hand when
| every foot of this continent, though not under our
< own Government, would be under free institutions.
! The old Governments of Europe were wise enough
j to know this. The late victories on the Rio Grande
would teach the people of Europe that we had the
| morale and the physique to take care of ourselves. '
; Mr. HARALSON begged leave to interrupt the
gentleman for the purpose of answering the objec-
] tions of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Atkin-
i son,] and he cited a law of May 16,1812, which au-
I authorized the appointment of military secretaries
| taken from the line of the army, to the major gener-
j als. He also suggested an amendment which he
! would offer, providing for the suspension of an act
j requrmg that courts-martial should be ordered bv
, the President. Cases had occurred and might occur
, in which an officer in the army might be iiiHvillin°-
