912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3.
or unable to attend to his duties, and yet no court-
martial could be called to try him. It became ne-
cessary, therefore, to suspend the act, so that a
colonel, or any officer, might be brought to a
speedy trial before a court-iYiartic.il. It was not
proposed to repeal the act of 1830, as was sug-
gested by the Secretary of "War, but only to sus-
pend it.   _
Mr. DARRAGH resumed, and commented at
length upon the injustice of the Government in
•withholding proper provision for the common sol-
diers of our army, while the officers, who had
graduated at West Point, were the subjects of such
continual laudation. He would at the proper time
offer a resolution upon this subject.
Mr. BlUiNKKIUlOFf'1 said sufficient time was
not allowed to him to speak directly to all the ob-
jects of the bill, and that the objections to it had
been already fully answeied. In regard to the ob-
jections tu the fifth section, he argued that h con-
tained no provision infringing upon the rights of
the States. The provisions proposed referred to
the standing army of the United States, and the
President, therefore, had the right to appoint the
officers. The objections, therefore, fell to the
ground. These officers must be responsible to the
Government of the United States, because they
have the use of its funds. There was an errone-
ous impression prevailing, he feared, in regard to
the first section. There was now but one major
general and two brigadier generals, Gaines and
Wool. It was the wish of the people that Gen-
eral Taylor should be kept in the field, and that he
should not be superseded in his command. Gen-
eral Gaines had rendered distinguished services, but
his age now disqualified him for active service.
There was at the present time only one brigadier
general of the line whose services could be com-
manded. The bill asked nothing but the addition
of two major generals and four brigadier generals.
The life of General Taylor could not be insuied
to ns; and if so, the army might be divided, and
while General Taylor commanded one army, some
other general must command another.
The hour of two having arrived, the committee
proceeded to vote.
And the first section being under consideration,
in the words following:
" Be it enacted, Sfc.., That the President of the
United States be, and he hereby is, authorized to
appoint, by and with ihc advice and consent of
the Senate, two major generals and four bugadier
generals, in addition to the present mihuuy estab-
lishment/'
Mr. G. DAVIS moved the following, to take
precedence of it:
" That all volunteers that maybe mustered into
the service of the United States under this act, or
the act to which it is supplemental, shall be held
and deemed, m all respects whatever, as militia of
the States Jn the srrvtcc of the United States."
Mr. McCLF.RNAND sent to the Clerk's table a
law of 163G, certain sections of which were read.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Daws, and by ayes 55, noes fcl), it
was 1 ejected.
Mr. BOYD offered the following modified amend-
ment:
"Provided, That when the war with Mexico
Khali terminate, the number of major generals m
the armjT shall be reduced to one, and the number
of brigndier generals shall be reduced to two. And
the J^esident of the United States is authorized
and directed to select from the whole number who
may then be m office, without leganl to the date of
their commission, the number to be retained, and
cause the remainder to be discharged from the ser-
vice of the United States."
The amendment, by ayes 86, noes 73, was agreed
to.
Mr. JOSEPH J. McDOWELL moved to amend
the first section, by staking out two major generals
and inserting one major general.
The amendment, by ayes 91, noes 67, was agreed
to.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to Strike out four
brigadier generals, and insert two.
The amendment, by ayes 87, noes 55, was agreed
to.
Mr. CARROLL offered an amendment, provi-
ding that the said officers should be appointed by
promotion from the regular line of the army.
The amendment, by ayes 56, noes 73, was re-
jected.
Mr. W. HUNT moved to strike out the first
section, as amended. Rejected.
The second section being under consideration,
as follows:
" Sec. 2. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the
President of the United States be, and he hereby
is, authorized to call into the service, under the act
approved May thirteen, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, such of the general officers of the mili-
tia as the service, in his opinion, may require, and
to organize into brigades and divisions the forces
authorized by said act, according to his discre-
tion."
Mr. JOSEPH .T. McDOWELL moved to amend
it, by adding the following: .
" Provided, That in no case where there are in
any State two regiments organized, and ready to
enter the service of the United States, shall the
brigadier general who shall have been appointed
by the proper authority of each State to the com-
mand of such regiments be superseded in his com-
mand by the President of the United States."
The amendment "was rejected.
Mr. GRAHAM offered the following amend-
ment, which was rejected:
" In the second line, after the word 4 call,' insert:
Upon any of the Governors of any of the States in
the United States to designalc and appoint any ma-
jor general or brigadier general in their respective
Stales to command any division or brigade of vol-
unteers which has been, or may be called into the
public service, under the act approved the 33th
day of May, 1846, and such general officcr ap-
pointed as aforesaid, and accepted by the Presi-
dent, shall forthwith take command of any division
or brigade of volunteers that may be assigned to
him by the competent authorities of the United
States."
Mr. GENTRY offered the following substitute
for the said second section:
" That the forces authorized by the act approved
May 13, 1846, shall be divided by the President
into divisions and brigades, and that each division
shall clcct a major general, and each brigade a
brigadier general, which officers, when so elected,
shall be commissioned by the President, and shall
hold the rank of militia officers of their respective
grades during the time for which they volun-
teered."
The amendment was rejected.
^ The third section being under consideration, as
follows:
" Sec. 3. And be it further cnacted, That the field
and stalf of a separate battalion of volunteers, un-
der this said act, shall be one lieutenant colonel or
major, one adjutant with the rank of lieutenant, one
sergeant-major, one quartermaster sergeant, and a
chief bugler or principal musician, according to
corps."
Mr. WOODWORTH offered the following
amendment, which was rejected:
$s Insert in the fourth line, after the word " lieu-
tenant," one quartermaster, and commissary with
the rank of major, one assistant quartermaster, and
one assistant commissary with the rank of captain,
one surgeon and one assistant surgeon.'*
The fourth section being under consideration, as
follows:
" Sec. 4. >1wl be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States may limit the privates
iri any volunteer company, according to his dis-
cretion, at fiom sixty-four to one hundred, and that
with every volunteer company an additional second
lieutenant may be allowed and acceptcd."
Mr. McKAY moved to amend it by adding, in
the fourth line, the words " containing more than
sixty-four privates."
Mr. RATHBUN moved to substitute one hun-
dred for sixty-four. Rejected.
And the amendment of Mr. McKay was re-
jected.
The fifth section being under consideration, as
follows:
" Six. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That when
volunteers or militia are called into the service of
the United States m such numbers that the officers
of the quartermaster, commissary, and medical de-
partments, authorized by law, be not sufficient to
provide for supplying, quartering, transporting,
and furnishing them with the requisite medical at-
tendance, it shall be lawful for the President to
appoint, with the advice and consent of the Senate,
as many additional officers of said departments as
the service may require, not exceeding one quarter-
master and one commissary for each brigade, with
the rank of major, and one assistant quartermaster
with the rank of captain, and one assistant commis-
sary with the rank of captain, one surgeon, and one
assistant surgeon, for each regiment; the said quar-
termasters and commissaries/assistant quartermas-
ters and assistant commissaries, to give bonds, with
good and sufficient sureties, for the faithful per-
formance of their duties; and they, and the said
surgeons and assistant surgeons to perform such
duties as the President shall direct: jProvided,
That thrt said officers shall be allowed the same
pay and emoluments as are now allowed to officers
of the same descriptions and grades in those de-
partments, respectively; that they be subject to the
rules and articles of war, and continue in service
only so long as their services shall be required, in
connexion with the militia and volunteers."
Mr. NORRIS moved to strike out the words
"or militia.5' Rejected.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH moved to amend the
section, in the twenty-third line, by striking out
the words " the militia." Rejected.
The question then was on the following addi-
tional section, heretofore reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to be numbered six:
"Sec. 6. That the President of the United
States be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint
as many additional assistant adjutant generals,
not exceeding four, as the service may require, who
shall be appointed in the same manner, have the
same brevet rank, pay, and emoluments, and be
charged with the same duties as those now autho-
rized by law: Provided, That these additional ap-
pointments shall continue only so long as the exi-
gencies of the service may render necessary.'' .
Mr. RATHBUN moved to amend it by striking-
out the words " have the same brevet rank."
Rejected.
The amendatory section was then agreed to.
The following section being under considera-
tion :
li Sec. 7. .Qnd be it further enacted, That pro-
motion in the quartermaster's department to the
rank of major, shall hereafter be made from the
captains of the army; and that appointments in the
line, and m the general staff, which confer equal
rank in the army, shall not be held by the same
officer at the same time; and when any officer of
the staff who may have been taken from the line
shall, in virtue of seniority, have obtained, or be
entitled to promotion to a grade in his regiment
equal to the commission he may hold in the staff,
the said officer shall vacate suclj staff commission,
or he may, at his option, vacate his commission in
the line."
Mr. BOYD moved to amend it by striking out
the three first lines to the word "and." Rejected.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved to amend the
section by adding a proviso, that no officer should
hold a commission m the said department, of the
rank of major, or higher, and at the same time re-
tain a commission in the line. Rejected.,
The 8th section being under consideration, as
follows:
"Sbc. 8. Jlftd be it further enacted, That the
aids-de-camp of the major general commanding the
army in time of war may be taken from the line,
without regard to rank; and the aids-de-camp al-
lowed to other major generals and brigadier gene-
rals may be taken from the grade of captain or
subaltern, and that the commanding or highest
general m rank, may, while in the field, appoint a
military secretary from the subalterns of the army,
who shall have the pay and emoluments of a ma-
jor of cavalry for the time being/'
Mr. S. JONES moved to amend it so as to pro-
vide that the aid-de-camp of the major general com-
manding, &,c., and the aids-de-camp of the other
major generals and brigadier generals may be se-
lected without regard to rank or the line of the
army. B ejected.
Mr. RATHBUN moved to strike out the word
" major" of cavalry, and insert " lieutenantRe-
jected.
Mr. RATHBUN then moved to insert captain.
Rejected.
