914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
these articles in the Times, I smelt thcra—smelt the
beaver that was in them! and, the scent coming
upon me very stronff, I was struck with an idea.
It was the same which struck the worthy Dr.
Primrose the second time that he met the accom-
plished Ephraim Jenkinson, and heard t'rom him
a second rehearsal of his greek learning on the
cosmogany, or creation of the word. "Pardon
me. sir, said the Doctor, for interrupting so much
learning, but I think I have heard all this before."
The apparition of the fair, with all the catastro-
phe of the colt and blackberry, immediately rose
upon the mental vision of the learned commen-
tator on Sanconiathon, Manetho, Lucellus Ooa-
11ur, and Berosus. Seeing he was caught, he
confessed; for Jenkinson had some redeeming'
points about him, and never lied when there was
no use in it. He confessed the whole; and the
Doctor's " idea" received the seal of its confirma-
tion from his candor. In like manner, I must be;
the pardon of the editor of the Times, with the
suggestion that I have seen all this Utrecht learn-
ing before; that it is an old acquaintance of
nunc; all familiar to me from the time that LJresi-
(lent^Jefferson's governor of Louisiana drove the
of this wise remark. All the vest of the coast, from
the Straits of Fuca out to New Archangel, (and
nothing but a fur trading post there,) remains a va-
cant waste, abandoned since the quarrel of Nootka
Sound, and become the derelict of nations. The
Columbia only invites a possessor; and for that
possession, sagacious British diplomacy has been
long weaving its web. It is not a worthless pos-
session; but valuable under many and large as-
pects; to the consideration of some of which I now
proceed.
It is valuable, both as a country to be inhabited,
and as a position to be held and defended. I speak
of it, first, as a position, commanding the North
Pacific ocean, and overlooking the eastern coast of
Asia. The North Pacific is a rich sea, and is
already the seat of a great commerce: British,
French, American, Russian, and ships of other
nations, frequent it. Our whaling ships cover it:
1 our ships of war go there to protect our interest;
and, great as that interest now is, it is only the be-
ginning. Futurity will develop an immense, and
various, commeice on that sea, of which the far
greater part will be American. That commerce,
luvther m the merchant ships which carry it on
British traders across the line of Utrecht—across ■; nor in the military marine which protects"it. can
4J and kept them there, regardless of all tlicir , find a port, to call its own, within twenty thousand
cues and lamentations. I recognised this old ac- j miles of the field of its operations. The double
qumntance m these new articles m the Times— length of the two Americas has to be run—a
nothing; changed in spirit, only m form. j stormy and tempestuous cape to lie doubled—to
. "> ■ , "Olkirk, ml« his associate sufferers. ;[ find itself in a port of its own country: while here
in forensic language, confessed and avoided; that ij lies one in the very edge of its field, ours by right,
!Si. °i SyAthey',adm,ltlcd Hnc trcoht, but ^ ready for use, and ample for every purpose of re-
fuge and repair, protection and domination. Can
we turn our back upon it? and, in turning the
back, deliver it up to the British? Insane, and
suicidal would be the fatal act!
To say nothing of the daily want of such a port
in time of peacc, its want, in time of war, becomes
i ruinous. Commodore Porter has often told me
! that, with protection from batteries m the mouth
of the Columbia, he never would have put himself
1 in a condition to be attacked under the weak, or
collusive guns of a neutral port. lie lias told me
plead its abrogation by war, and its supersedeas by '
the consent and connivance of the Spaniards; but
the new articles, improved by the intrepidity, if!
not by the profundity, of Grcenhow's book, (ac- '
credited as it is on this floor by the Senator fiom
Michigan,) boldly take the short cut to the object,
and now deny, out and out, what was confessed
and avoided before. In other respects, the Times
articles now, are the memorials of ihe Hrm'sii t'tir-
tiadei s at the epoch ol the acquisition of btouisinnu
and the expulsion of these traders from it by virtue      „„„ lul„ ,m.
7 i ^trec^lt |iilc °{ 'W- And now i want to i that, with such a port Cor the reception of lus
risk" thr« rvj.. /-<. - i
ask the Senator from Michigan [iVlr. C.vss] if, at
seeing himself thus applauded by the London
Times, he docs not feel tempted,like the Athenian
of old at seeing himself applauded by a rabble that !
ne despised, to turn round to his friends, and ask I
what he had done amiss to bring this app'ausc upon '
him' fiMr. Cass nodded assent.] lean tell him
what he has done amiss: he has taken the British
fur-traders' side of the line of Utrecht. And as fu-
tile editor of the Times, if he wishes light oil the
subject, I can refer him to authentic sources of in-
formation just at his band, namely: the ICing's
map, with the Utrecht line upon it, as well as the '
Maine boundary line upon it, (all written in the i
old King's own hand,) winch so marvellously dis- ,
appeared from the Foreign Office, at the time of the 1
Ashhurton treaty; and also to the thin quarto, with
red edges, printed at theeorncrof St. Martin's Lane, '
ChanngCross, London, anno Domini MDCCLIH, ;
prepared by Thomas Jeffreys, Esq., Geographer to
the Prince of Wales, and intended for the in.sirue- ;
tion of the hcir-apnarent to the dominions whose ■
boundaries he was defining to him. Upon Jcnkin- i
son's principle, the Times editor should confess, j
after seeing this map of George the Third, and this 1
geography, in which that king studied the bound-
aries of his dominions.
This bit of rubbish being removed from my path,
I now go on with my subject.
The value of the country—I mean the Columbia j
river and its valley—(I must repeat the limitation j
every time, lest I be ctuncd up to 5-1° <10')—lias
been questioned on this floor and elsewhere, ft '
has been supposed to be of little value,—hardly
worth the possession, much less the acquisition;
and treated rather as a burden to be got rid of, than
as a benefit to be preserved. This is a great error, :
and one that only prevails on this side of the water: ■
the British know better; and if they held the tithe
of our title, they would fight the world for what ;
we depreciate. It is not a worthless country,
but one of immense value, and that under many I
aspects, and will be occupied by others, to our in-
jury and annoyance, if not by ourselves for our '
own benefit and protection. Forty years ago it ;
was written by Humboldt, thnt the, banks of the
Columbia presented the only situation on the north
prizes, he would not have sunk in the ocean, or
hid in islands where it was often found, the three
millions of British property captured in his three
years daring and dauntless cruise. Often has he
told me, that, with such a port at bis hand, he
would never have been driven to spill upon the
waters, that oil, for want of which, as a member
of the HritiMi Parliament said, London had burnt
darkly—had been m the dark—for a whole year.
What happened to Commodore Porter and his
pfizcs—what happened to all our merchant ships,
driven fiom the North Pacific during the war—all
(his to happen again, and upon a far larger scale,
is but half the evil of turning our backs now upon
this commanding position; for, to do so, is to deli-
ver it into the hands of a Power that knows the
value of positions—the four quarters of the globe,
and our own coasts attest that—and has her eye
on this one. The very year after the renewal of
the delusive convention of 1818—m theyear!829 
a master ship-carpenter was despatched from Lon-
don to Fort Vancouver, to begin there the repair
of vessels, and even the construction of small
j ones; and this work has been going on over since,
j She resists our possession now ! If we abandon!
[ she will retain! And her wooden walls, bristling
; with cannon, and issuing from the mouth of the
i Columbia, will give the law to the North Pacific,
| permitting our ships to sneak about in lime of
; peace—sinking, seizing, or cdmsing thorn away, in
! time of war. As a position, then, and if nothing
, but a lock, or do-ei t, point, the poM-:eHsion of the
t Columbia is invaluable lo us; mid it becomes our
| duty lo maintain it at all hazards,
j V-i'rieuIturnliy the, value of the country is great;
and, to understand it in all its extent, this iaro-e
j country should be contemplated under its different I
divisions the threefold nutiual ^eo^ro-phieol rlivi- I
sions under which it presents itself: the maritime,
the middle, and the mountain districts.
The maritime region—the fertile part of it—is !
the long valley between the Cascade and the coast [
I ranges ofmountains,extending,omthchcad oftho
I Wah-iah-mnth, near the latitude of 4sJdegrees, to
! JhoHtraits of Fuca, near latitude 49. In this val-
i ley lies the rich tidewater region of the Columbia,
with the Wali-1 ah-math river on the south, and the
and south, and above one hundred wide;—rich in
soil, grass and timber—sufficient of itself to con-
stitute a respectable State, and now the seat of the
British commercial and military post of Vancou-
ver, and of their great farming establishment of
Nisqually.
The middle district, from the Cascade range to
near the base of the Rocky Mountains, is the re-
gion called, desert, and which, in the imaginations
of many, has given character to the whole coun-
try. In some respects it is a desert—barren of
wood—sprinkled with sandy plains—melancholy
under the sombre aspect of the gloomy artemisia
—and desolate from volcanic rocks, through the
chasms of which plunge the headlong streams.
But this desert has its redeeming points—much wa-
ter—grass—many oases—mountains capped with
snow, to refresh the air, the land, and the eye—
blooming valleys—a clear sky, pure air, and a su-
preme salubrity. It is the home of the horse 1 found
there wild in all the perfection of his first nature—
beautiful and fleet—fiery and docile—patient, en-
during, and affectionate. General Clark has told
me that, of the one hundred and seventy horses
which he and Lewis obtained in this district, he
had never seen the match in any equal number;
and he had seen the finest which the sporting
course, or the warlike parade, had exhibited in
Virginia. Tt is the home of that horse—the horse
of Persia—which gallops his eighty miles a day—
swimming the rivers as he comes to them—finds
his own food at night, the hoof scraping away the
snow when it hides the grass—gallops his eighty
miles again the next day; and so oil through a long
and healthy life; carrying his master in the chase,
i or the fight, circumventing the game, and pursuing
| the foe, with the intelligence of reason and the
j fidelity of friendship. General Clark has inform-
ed me that it was necessary to keep a scout ahead,
to drive away the elk and buffalo, at the sight of
which all their horses immediately formed for the
chase, the loose ones dashing off to surround and
circumvent the game. The old hunters also have
told me their marvellous stones about these horses,
and that in war and hunting they had more sense
than people, and as much courage, and loved it
as well. The country that produecs such horses,
must also produce men, and cattle, and all the in-
ferior animals; and must have many beneficent
attributes to redeem it from the stigma of desola-
tion.
The mountain division has its own peculiar fea-
tures, and many of them as useful as picturesque.
At the base of the mountains, a long, broad, and
high bench is seen—three hundred miles long, fifty
nnles wide—the deposite of abraded mountains of
snow and verdure through thousands of years.
Lewis and Clark thus describe this great bench of
land, which they twice crossed in tlicir expedition
to and from the'Pacific ocean:
"The country along the Rocky Mountains, for several
hundred miles in length and about fifty wide, is a ]u«li level
plain ; in alt its parts extieinely fertile, arid in many places
covered with a growth of tali, long-leafed pine. This plant
is chiefly interrupted near the streams of water, where the
lulls are steep and lofty; but the soil is good; being unen-
cumbered by much stone, and possesses more timber than
the level country. Under sheltei of these lulls, the bottom
lands pkirt the margin of the nvcrs, and though narrow arid
confincdj are still fertile arrd rarely inundated. Nearly the
whole ot this -widespread tract is covered with a profusion
of grass and plants which are at this time (May) as hisrh as
the knee. Ainon# these are a variety of esculent plants and
root*, nequtrfd without much difficulty, and yielding not
onlv a nntrieious, hut n very agreeable food. The air is°pure
and dry, the climate quite as mild, tf not milder, than the
wane p.nulklri of latitude in the Atlantic States, and must
ho equally healthy, for all the disorders which we have wit-
nessed may mirfv he imputed more to the nature of the diet
than to any mtf-mpeianco of climate, This general obser-
vation is of eouisc to ho qualified, since in the ?amc tract of
country the decrees of tins combination of heat and cold
ji obey the influence of situation. Thus the lams of the low
j grounds, near our eainp, a™ snows m Iho Irish plaint; and
, while the sun shines with intense heat in the confined bot-
j torns, the plain* enjoy smutch colder nu, and the vegetation
j is retarded at least fifteen days, while at the foot of the
j mountains the mows are still many foot m depth; so that
i wirhm twenty miles of our camp we ohsem the ri^or-i of
j winter cold, the cool an 01 epnnjr, and the oppressive heat
of midsummer. Even on the plants, however, whore the
snow has fallen, it seems lo do hut little injiuy to the crass
andorhei plants, which, though apparently tender and suf-
j cepuMc, .ire ^till blooming, at the height of neaily eighteen
I inches through the snow. In shoit, this district affords
many advantages to settlers*, and if properly cultivated,
, would yield every object necessary for the subsistence and
I comfort of civilized man."
I Oilier, and smaller hcnchcs of the same character,
aro frequently seen, inviting the farmer to make hia
west coast of America fit for the residence of a civ-!; Cowoliske, end the Olympic disir ct on he orth H ?? ;;efl,ie «y former to i
ihzed people. Experience has confirmed the truth N It is a valley of near five hundredmi eTlom/nOTU; i Pn.'I •hab;,tatlon and f"llefleld "Pon 1{' ,
j w muuucu Hints ioiy, noiui ' Jinteriflg the gorges of the moufltams, and a sue-
