1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
919
mail between Missouri and Oregon. Mails in an
uninhabited country of more than two thousand
five hundred miles, traversed by savages, and run-
ning over mountains of seven or eight thousand
feet, where deep snow lies for more than a thou-
sand miles more than one-half the year, could not
be carried by the solitary conveyance of a contract-
or's man or boy. Four or five mounted riflemen,
going together, and started from the different posts
to relieve each other, alone could do it. In winter,
they would have sleighs drawn by dogs, the reliefs
always being ready at each post. The mounted
regiment, already provided for in the Senate's bill,
can render this service, costing nothing, and by
the mere order of the President. No law is neces-
sary about it. A non-commissioned officer and
four or five men, relieved at each post, are the only
practicable mail-carriers over such a line; and while
carrying the mail, will also be m the line of their
military duty, in looking out for danger, and giving
assistance to travellers and emigrants.
In the land grants, the bill hum the House is
entirely deficient: it proposes three hundred and
twenty acres to each settler. Now the bill which
passed the Senate heretofore gave double that
amount to each father of a family, and half that
amount for each child under eighteen years of age,
including the children born within five years after
he went to the country, and also half that amount
to the wife in her own right; and to nil single men
over eighteen years it also gave six hundred and
foity acres. Such beneficial provisions as these,
once sanctioned by the Senate, should not be given
up without an effort to restore them.
The bill, therefore, now before the Senate, is, in
some respects, unnecessary—in some, injurious—
in some, deficient in juslicc to the settlers—and, in
defining no boundaries for the territories to be oc-
cupied, is dangerous to the pcacc of the country,
and commits the hazards of war to the collisions,
accidental or designed, of Governmentagcnts, four
thousand miles from the seat of Government. It
confounds temporary and permanent measures,
which should be kept distinct. A temporal y gov-
ernment, to provide for the preservation of order
and the administration of justice until the conven-
tion expires, is one want—a permanent territorial
government is another; and, for the purpose of
having these measures appropriately brought for-
ward, and in a way to pass, I shall move to recom-
mit the bill with instructions to bring in the tem-
porary and the permanent measures separately:
namely, a temporary extension of law to the ex-
tent recommended by the President, and a plan for
a permanent territorial government, fully organ-
ized, to take effect the instant the present conven-
tion expires. These are my views. I would not
mix temporary and permanent provisions: 1 would
do nothing half way, or niggardly. At the termi-
nation of the present convention, 1 would take pos-
session of the territory to the same extent that it was
held by Mr. Astor—from the sea to the mountains—
and take possession as an owner knowingits value,
and determined to maintain it. A governor who
should be both a statesman and a soldier, with an
adequate salary, should be at its head; a distin-
guished general should be under him as the imme-
diate commander of the military force, regulars and
militia. A territorial legislature—superior and in-
ferior courts of law and equity, and of admiralty
jurisdiction—and a custom-house, should be estab-
lished. A skilful engineer should be sent out to
superintend the planning and construction of forti-
fications: a regiment of artillery should go to man
the works. A navy-yard should be established
for the repair of vessels. The militia should be
organized, and divided into classes, ready for ser-
vice when called, to be compensated m land for
holding themselves ready, and paid for their ser-
vices when in the field. Mounted gun men, cav-
alry, and horse artillery, so well adapted to a coun-
try of plains and grass, should be relied on for field
service against Indians, or any invader: artillery
and infantry (regulars and militia) for the defence
of posts and forts. A chain of posts on the com-
mercial route of the Columbia and Missouri should
be established. That route flanks the British es-
tablishments, and is open to the depredation of the
northern Indians. Posts at the Oka-nag-an, and
at the Upper Falls of the Columbia—in the valley
of Clark's river—at the Great Falls of the Missou-
ri, and at the mouth of the Yellow Stone, should
be established. The protection of Government
should be extended to both routes, the land line of
travel through the South Pass, and the water line
of commerce through the North Pass. This
would keep the Indians in order on both routes,
north and south, and speedily open direct commu-
nications with the Pacific ocean. In a word, I
would prepare to take possession of the country
(for its exclusive possession comes to us under the
Ghent treaty, whether Great Britain treats now or
not) on a scale commensurate to its importance
and to our rank and power in the world. For this
purpose 1 would have the bill recommitted, and
the committee instructed to report separately the
temporary measure for the preservation of order,
and the permanent government for the territory,
which I have sketched.
Mr. President, I have performed a painful duty—
one from which J have long held hack, hoping that
events would correct the errors of the day, and free
the country from danger. There was great danger
of war with Great Britain when Congress met last
fall, and all upon a mistake and a blunder. War
speeches and war preparations were immediately
commenced on this floor, and the people were in-
flamed up to the fighting point. I endeavored
gently to quiet these dangerous movements—all to
no purpose. At last, 1 felt it to be my duty to my
country to speak out, and to let the people see that
they had been led into great crrois, and to the brink
of war, by editors mid orators, assuming to speak
with great authority. 1 know the frailty and the
vanity of poor human nature, and how hard it is
for parly leaders to admit a mistake which they
haveinduccd myiiads of good men to adopt. The
leaders are ashamed to retract: not so the mass of
their followers. They have no interest in being
deceived, and no petty vanity to be mortified at
the retraction of error. Tlioy only wish for what
is right and honorable, and with them truth pre-
vails, and error passes away. For two years the
people have been indoctrinated with a Russian line
upon 54° 40', from the sea to the Rooky Moun-
tains, the Russians owning all north, ami we all
south, and leaving no room for Great Britain be-
tween. Well! the treaties supposed to establish
this boundary, and thus to cut out Great Britain,
arc produced, and they show that there is no such
line—that the United Slates line with Russia is in-
sular, and not, continental; and that Rus.*>ia, by
treaty, admits the British title quite out to the Pa-
cific ocean, and covering the exact place where the
boundary of 54° 40' was supposed to be establish-
ed ! The treaties show this; and their production
is enough for those who have been deceived into
the belief of a 54° 40' boundary. Again: for two
years the people have been deluded into the belief
that this 54° 40' was their true and rightful north-
ern boundary! The Executive documents of 1823-
'24 were produced; and they show that the states-
men who made the treaties supposed togiieus
this northern boundary actually proposed it, at the
time, over and over again, to Great Britain, as her
northern boundary, coming down to 411 for quan-
tity, and that, not upon a principle of compromise,
but of right, to cover her settlements in the valley
of Fiazer's liver; settlements well known to the
statesmen of that day, however unknown to the
brave fifty-four-forties of the present day. For
two years the people have been told that every
acre and every inch—-every grain of sand, blade of
grass, and drop of water, from 42 to 54 40, is ours.
Geogiaphy, history, ami the maps are produced,
and show that Frazer's river Hows from 55 to 49—
discovered by the British in 1793—settled by them
m 1806—covered from head to mouth with their
settlements, and known by the Scottish name of
New Caledonia when we negotiated with Spain in
1819: and then the Executive documents are pro-
duced, which show that this river and its settle-
ments were admitted to be British property by Mr.
Monroe's Administration, who no more set up a
title to it under the Spanish treaty of 1819 than ihcy
set up a title to Canada under the same treaty. Yet
our warlike fifty-four-forties opened the session
with demands for ships and troops to fight Great
Britain for this very Frazer's river! A demand
which put her up to ships and troops on her side,
until she saw that these intrepid invaders of New
Caledonia would bo set right at home. From that
moment her war fever abated; the war fever of our
valiant invaders abated also: they now cry war no
more; and, to do them entire justice, I verily be-
lieve they had never heard of Frazer's river at the
time they proposed to walk over it in their march
to fifty-four forty. They are now peaceable enough;
and all we have to regret is, the disci-edit which
their want of acquaintance with our own treaties—
want of acquaintance with our own documents—
and want of acquaintance with our owngeopraphy,
has brought upon us in the eyes of Europe and
America.
The danger is passed. The language and con-
duct of Great Britain is pacific—perfectly so. She
was a little ruffled at first; as who would not be at
the menaced invasion of a province ? But since she
has seen that the invaders are brought to a stand
at home, she seems to have recovered her good
humor, and the Oregon question has nearly died
out with her. Now, everybody is looking for a
settlement of it on the basis of the old offers of
3807, 3818, 1823. These offers I digested into the
form of two resolutions in 1828, in Executive ses-
sion of the Senate, with a view, by their adoption,
to prevent the ratification of the renewed joint oc-
cupation convention which we are now all so de-
termined to gut rid of. These resolutions have
been read once to the Senate, but I will read them
again, not to show my consistency, (for my ambi-
tion is to be right, and to get right by changing,
when standing still becomes error;) but to choke
, the quibblers and garblers who mutilate and mis-
| apply my words, to get me into the same box they
I are in themselves. Sir, I came into the Senate be-
fore the fathers of the church had all left it, and
when it was the custom of the young Senators to
listen to the old ones, and not to throttle them; and
when, I (latter myself, I learnt something; and,
among other things, learnt that 49 was the proper
boundary between our Columbia river and the Brit-
ish Frazer's river. Upon this knowledge I acted
in drawing these resolutions eighteen years ago;
and I have nothing to add, or to take from them,
to-day.
"In Senate: secret Session: Tuesday, Feb. 5, 1828.
" Mit. Benton's Resolutions.
" Ucsol.rpd, That it is not expedient for the Government
of tin* United States to treat with liis Britannic Majesty, m
lefi'ieuce to their territorial claims and boundaries west of
the 1 lucky Mountains, upon tho basis of a joint occupation
by Hie citizens of the United States and subjects of Ureat
liutun, of" ttie country claimed by each Power.
" Tiiat it is expedient for the Government of the
United Slah-s to mat with Ins fint.mme Majesty ill refer-
ence to said claims and boiindai ies, upon tile ba*is of a sep-
aration ot mteiests.and the establishment ot the -ilit'ff degree
of noitli lalitn:b' a a permanent boundary between them,
in tiie shortest possible time."
These resolutions were offered in secret session,
as it was proper to offer them, but have long
since been made public, with other proceedings on
the ratification of the renewed joint-occupation
convention m 1828. They are known to the lead-
ers, if not to the followers of the fifty-four-forties,
and would ho appealed to by all who would wish
to represent my opinions as they are, and not as
they nrc not!
I have no personal interest in this matter. After
long delay I have spoken publicly (for my opin-
ions were never a sccrct) what my duty to my
country required at my hands, and according to
the knowledge which thirty years' study of the
subject has given to me. I have been fighting the
battle of Oregon for thirty years, and when it had
but few friends, though now entirely eclipsed by
the new converts. 1 am where I always have
been, and rejoice to see the question coming to the
! conclusion which I have always deemed the right
one. For my justification in making head against
so much error, I throw myself upon the equity and
intelligence of my countrymen; and, never having
had any fear for myself, I now have none for my
country.
Mr. BENTON then moved to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Territories, amended on
the motion of his colleague, [Mr. Atciiison,] to
recommit to the Judiciary Committee, with in-
structions to report as follows:
That the bill be lecoiuiijitted to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, with m- tiuetion.-.—
Fust. To lii iiis; in an amendment extending the juri'-dic-
(1011 and laws of the United .State*, civil and criminal, over
the citizens of tho United States in Oiegon, to the same ex-
tent that Great Britain extended liei junsdietion and laws
over hei citizens in the same territory by the act of Parlia-
ment of July S, 1881, and supplemental act.
Secondly. To report a bill for the full and perfect govern-
ment of the territory, to take effect after tile abrogation of
tho joint-use convention, providing for the appointment of a
governor, to be the military and civil chief of the temtory, and
ex officio, supeunteiident of Indian aiTairs; providm" a'so
for a tenitonal legislature, and for the administration of jus-
tice; also piovidmg for the defence of the temtory by foiti
tying tho mouth of tho Columbia river, and other pouits, and
organizing the militia; also for the conducting of commerce
