920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
fry e*tab)ishtn<* a collection <lHtuct ami en-tnin-lnm-e ui
GiOgon ; aUo to piovide tor the !-eeunt\ <>t naujjatton, hy
lieht-hoibe#!, buoy.-, beacons N.C., at the month ol tin- C o-
luinbia. The boundaries 01 satd tot i i?< iy to he mu h oh the
north as may be established liyient) itii Gie.it Biit:mi;
and until so established, ?o be along the parallel ot 4J"1 ol
north latitude.
APPENDIX
TO MR. BENTON'S ON OREGON.
I, KOHTH AMERICAN ROAD TO INDIA.
Extractsfrom essays written and published at St. Louis,
hi 1819, 6|/ Thomas 11. Benton.
OREGON1
CovntEtiCE wrru A
asiatic commerce.
—Bought after In all nation—An-
ient channel* of thi> eounm-ice— its modern ihannci—
New loute piopo.sed In the people of the United States
by the Columbia and Mi^-otui livers—Piaeiienlnhty of
tins route—PieiWonee due to it, m shortness of distance ;
in safety; in ehp«ij>ne>-; of tianspoitation ; in HibMUntinti
an e^cli.U!?') of commodities for a tiade m  ol(l and sil-
ver—Other advantages in lendeimjj the c<nnm<Meo ol the
republn' mu^pcndeni of Emope; in ^ ivitii? to the lejmblie
the command ot the North Pacific ocean; in <<j\in" lo the
lepubhe the monopoly of the Ka^t India tiade—Eiiect ot
tln.> monopoly on the wealth and power ol the ivpubhe ;
on the wealth and pow or of ICnyl.md ; <m tlw wealth ;ind
power of Russia; on the rchsrion* and political condition of
the people of A-ia—ftileet ot the imhtat \ e.\pe<iition to the
Upper Rli.^oun m laj iny open the i e\v loute—Inject ol ,ui
American Fur Company m tin hijil' the Ka-1 fudia tiade into
the new loute—Project ol <i fm company vv itit a view to that
object—Idea of the value and present condition of thefiw
trade m Noith Ameiica, as earned on by the Eityli^-h ; by
the Russians ; by the Amencan>—l.Vi tain cMubh.-hnient
of the new route, immediate!), with the aid of the Ainei i-
can Government, eventuallj, In the fuice of ciicuinst.uicu^
and the natural progress of event-:.
1. Commerce with ,'hia.—Spices, aromaties, pie-
cious stones, porcelains, cottons, silks, and teas,
are the articles of Asiatic commerce. Silver and
gold are the articles with which they are purchased.
From the earliest ages of the world, the precious
metals have flowed into Asia; and this dram, which
has been inccssant for several thousand years, has
become still mure enormous in later times. The
Americans alone have earned twelve millions to
eastern Asia within the last year, eight millions of
which were carried to Canton, and exchanged for
tea, silk, porcelain, and cottons. Thiscouiseof
trade has occasioned a prodigious accumulation of
the precious metals in eastern Asia; for what is car-
ried there remains there, there being nothing in the
commercial or political relations of the countries to
create a counter current, and bring" it baric into
Europe or America. To slop this drain, and sub-
stitute for it a trade in barter, would be an object
of the first interest with any country, especially
with the United States, which have no mines to
supply a drain so incessant ami so enormous. To
go rurther, to create a change whioh^ would draw
back a part of the gold and silver which has accu-
mulated m Asia, would be a commercial operation
•which no nation has yet accomplished, and which
would open a vein of unrivalled richness. Both
of these operations are practicable, not by the Eu-
ropeans, who have nothing which they could sub-
stitute for silver, or by the Americans while they
follow the track of the people of Europe. Yet
there are articles for which the Asiatics would not
only give the rich productions of their country,
but fieely exchange their gold and silver, if brought
into their nuuket by any nation. These artteies
are furs and brkad. Of the former, Europe has
none to send, of the latter but little; and if she had
any to spare, her geographical position, the vast
distance which intervenes, would pre; cut lis ex-
portation. America, on the contrary, abounds in
both these articles—the first has been blindly aban-
doned to our enemies; the second has not bc<n
carried to Asia, because the Americans servilely
follow the track of the Europeans, and are siill
more remote than they from the seat of eommeiec.
The American navigator sails to the east, traverses
30,000 miles of sea, doubles a stormy and tempest-
uous cape, in order to arrhe in what is called the
East Indies. In the meantime, what was the East
Indies to the ancicnts are the West indies to the
Americans; for they lie to the west of us, and but.
a few days' sail from our own coast. The western
shore of North America and the eastern shore of
Asia front each other—the mild and tranquil waves
of the Pacific ocean alone intervene—in the broad-
est part as narrow as the Atlantic, and in the nar-
rowest, at Behring's Straits, only thirty miles
apart. Instead of going to the east, Americans
should therefore go to the west, to arrive in Asia;
and taking that route, they would immediately be
able to cany furs and bread into the markets of
Asia, the fiiat of which is now pillaged fiom them
by Englishmen and Russians, the latter would
have to be raised from the fertile banks of the Co-
lumbia river.
IT. Sought after by all nations.—During thirty
centuries the nations of the earth have flocked to
Asia in search of its rich commerce. Sacred and
profane history exhibit the same picture, of mer-
chants loaded with gold and silver, traversing the
deserts on camels, or the trackless sea in ships in
seaich of the lich productions of the east. From
the time of the Phoenicians to the English of the
present day? the countries of eastern Asia have
been the chief theatres of commercial enterprise;
and the nation which shared this commerce in the
highest degiee, has acquired in all ages the first
rank ju the arts, the sciences, m national power
and individual wealth. And such will probably be
the case to the end of the world. .Nature has
made but one Asia, but one country abounding with
the rich productions which are lound in the East
indict; ond while mankind continue to love spices
and aronnitics, precious stones, poicelains, hue
cottons, silks and teas, the trade with Asia must
continue to be sought after as the brightest jewei
m the diadem of commerce.
HI. vincicnt channels of this commerce.—These
may bo traced by the luins of the great cities
which grew up with the possession of this trade,
and perished with its loss.
Tyre, "Queen of Citieswas its first emporium.
The commerce of the east centered there before
the capti\ity of the Jews in Babylon, upwards of
six hundred years bcfoic the coming of Cinist,
(Roltin.) She traded to Arabia, Persia, and India.
Her route was by the Mediterranean Sea to the
coast of Egypt, over land to the Red Sea by the
Isthmus of Suez, down the Red Sea, and thence
east by coasting voyages to the countries about the
Gulf of Persia and mouths of the liver Indus. The
possession of this commerce made Tyre the rich-
est and the proudest city m the umveise; gave her
the command of the seas; "made her traffickers the
honorubles of the earth," (Isaiahy) and enabled her
merchants to dispute with kings in the splendor of
their living; and the vastness of their expenses.
Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, conquered
Tyre, and razed it to its foundations; but he did
not found a rival city, and the continuance of the
India trade immediately restored the "Queen, of
C't/ffV to all her foi mer dc grces of power and pre-
eminence. Alexander conquered her again, found-
ed a rival city on the coast of Egypt, and Tyre
bccamc "a place for fishcimen to diy their nets,"
{EzekieL)
The Jews, in the time of David and Solomon,
succeeded to the India trade. Their route was the
same which the Phoenicians followed from Tyre,
and their country becamc the theatre of wealth,
and their kings the arbiters of surrounding nations.
In the reign of Darius Hystaspes, lung of Per-
sia, a new route was opened with Ifidia. It lay
from the borders of Persia through the Caspian
Sea, up the river Oxus to the mountains which di-
vide it from th« river Indus, across those moun-
tains with the aid of the Bactrian camel, and thence
down the river Indus to the countries about its
mouth, then the chief seat of the India trade, and
the limit of the ancicnts m their trade to the east.
This route covered a distance of three thousand
miles: six hundred on the Caspian Sea, nine hun-
dred on the Oxus, two or three hundred overland
crossing the mountains, and about twelve hundred
on the river Indus.
The foundation of Alexandria created a new em-
porium, and opened a now route for the commerce
of the east, chosen with so much judgment, that it
continual to be followed from the time of Alexan-
der the Great, upwaidsof 300 years before Christ,
till the discovery of the Cape of Good Ilope in the
fifteenth century. Tins channel was along the ca-
nal of Alexandria to the Nile, up the Nile to Cop-
tus, thence across the desert with camels to the
Red Sea, and thence a coasting voyage to the
mouths of the Indus. The Romans, m the nour-
ishing times of the republic and of the empire,
derived their supplies of India goods through this
channel.
In the same age another channel was opened with
India, it lay overland, across the desert, from the
bottom of the Mediterranean Sea to the river Eu-
phrates, down that river to the Gulf of Persia, and
thence by the usual coasting voyage to the mouths
of the Indus. The distance between the sea and
the Euphrates (two hundred miles) required a sta-
tion between them. It was found in a grove of
palm trees; a fertile spot, well watered, in the midst
of sands, about midway between the sea and the
river. Its inhabitants entered with ardor into the
trade of conveying commodities from the river to-
the sera. As the most valuable productions of In-
dia, brought up the Euphrates from the Persian
Gulf, were of such small bulk as to bear the.ex-
pense of a long land carriage, this trade soon be-
came so considerable that the opulence and powe?
of Palmyra increased rapidly. (Robertson.) Its
government was best suited to the genius of a com*
meiciul city—republican. (Pliny the Elder.) This
spot then began to exhibit the wonders of which
commerce is capable. From a trading station, it
became an opulent city, the capital of a great em-
pire, the seat of science and the arts, the rival of
Rome. Rome would bear no rival. One of the
most powerful of the emperors (Aurelian) carried
the arms of the empire against the " Cit\j of Com-
merce." Palmyra was subdued; its trade diverted
to other channels; and the ruins of temples arrest
the admiration of the traveller an the spot which
was once the seat of so much power and magnifi-
cence. (Volney.)
After the conquest of Egypt by the Mahome-
dans, the people of the Roman empire were shut
out from the port of Alexandria. This gave rise
to the opening- of a new channel for the India
trade. Constantinoplebecameitsemporium. This
route lay through the Black Sea to the mouth of
the river Phasis; up that river and by a land car-
riage of five days to the river Cyrus, down it to
the Caspian Sea; across this sea three hundred
miles, to the mouth of the river Oxus; up that
river nine hundred miles, to the city of Marcarida,
now Samarcand; thence across the mountains to
the countries upon the river Indus, or eastward by
a journey of eighty or a hundred days, with the
Bactrian camel, through desert countries and wan-
dering nations which considered the merchant
as their prey, to the western provinces of the
Chinese empire, (Ptyny the Elder.) This route,
though long and perilous, made Constantinople the-
cmporiurrrof the India trade for all Christian na-
tions for several centuries after the conquest of
Egypt by the Mahomedans, and made it the seat
of wealth and power for many ages after the
downfall of the Roman empire. |
IV. Modem channels.—Constantinople contin-
ued to be the emporium of the India trade till the
fifteenth century. The Venetians and Genoese
engaged in it. They established trading houses
in "Constantinople, and rose to power and pre-emi-
nence from  the piofits of this trade. Their fleets
commanded the seas, at a time when fleets were
yet unknown to the rest of Europe, and the citi-
zens of these republics displayed a magnificence in
their living which surpassed the state of the great-
est monarchs beyond the Alps, (Robertson.) From
Venice and Genoa the commerce of Asia spread
into the north of Europe. Bruges and Antwerp
became its emporia, ana retain to this day evident
signs of the wealth and splendor to which they
attained. This was the longest and most perilous
route over which the commerce of India has been
conducted. It is truly astonishing-to think of it.
From Bruges and Antwerp to Genoa.and Venice,
thence to Constantinople, across the Black Sea,
across the Caspian Sea, up the river Oxus to Sam-
arcand, the limit of Alexander's march towards
the northeast of Asa; and at Samarcand it seemed
that the journey was only beginning, as there com-
menced the voyage overland with the Bactrian
camel, through desert regions and nations of rob-
bers, to be con turned from eighty to a hundred
days to arrive in the western provinces of China,
where the most valuable productions of the East
were then found. Yet so great were the profits of
the trade, that, under all these disadvantages, the
cltities of Constantinople, of Venice, and Genoa,
of Bruges and Antwerp, become the seats of learn-
ing and refinement, of luxury and magnificence,
of maritime and military power, when all other
parts of Europe were sunk in poverty and igno-
rance, darkness and barbarism.
Towards the end of the 15th ccntury, the Cape
of Good Hope was doubled. A new route was
then opened into India. The Portuguese, who
made this discovery, became the masters of the
India trade, destroyed the fleets of the Turks and
