.1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
921
Venetians which were launched upon the Red Sea
to Keep open the ancient channel through Egypt,
and established a commercial empire in India.
.Portugal then became one of the most powerful
nations by sea and land, and Lisbon the centre of
.faiUropean wealth and commerce.
The passage by the Cape of Good Hope (some-
times by Cape Horn) has since continued to be
the route of India.
The Portuguese did not long retain their monop-
olies. The Dutch became their competitors, and
soon after their successor in the India trade. Por-
tugal declined to its original insignificance. Hol-
land rose to wealth and power by sea and land,
and Amsterdam became the principal mart of
Europe.
The English followed the Dutch, and have sur-
passed all their predecessors in the successful pros-
ecution of the India trade. A company of their
merchants have erected an empire in India, main-
tained fleets and armies, subjugated vast empires,
dethroned powerful monarchs, disposed of king-
doms and principalities as other merchants dis-
pose of bales of merchandise; and with tlie riches
thence derived, England (a spot no larger than
one of our States) has been able to contend single-
handed against the combined powers of Europe,
to triumph over them, and to impress her policy,
more or less, upon every quarter of the globe.
One other route, among the modern channels of
India commerce, remains to be mentioned. It is
the line followed by the Russians from the city of
Moscow to the frontiers of China. By this route
the Russians carry on a trade with China worth
three or four millions of dollars per annum, in
which the productions of the respective countries
are bartered against each other, almost the only
instance of trade by barter which any nation lias
carried on with the people of the East, but suffi-
cient to show that there are articles for which the
Chinese will barter the rich productions of their
country. This route is often made entirely over
land, and is then upwards of six thousand miles
ill length; sometimes by the river Wolga, the Cas-
pian Sea, and the river Oxus, and thence over land
by the ancient route from Constantinople, which
increases the distance hut relieves in some decree
the labor of the voyage by substituting for a part
of the way water for land carriage.
Serviiely following the Europeans in almost
everything, the people of the United States also
follow them in their route to India. They quit
Asia as it were, leave it behind them, to sail thirty
thousand miles, doubling a formidable cape and
braving the dangers of a tempestuous sea, to
arrive in a country which ia only a few days' sail
from their own continent. They do this because
the people of Europe, who can do no better, have
done so before them. In the meantime the efforts
of the English to discover a northwest passage to
Asia, should convince them that even the Euro-
peans would not submit to circumnavigate the
globe in their voyage to India, if a western route
could be found through, or around, the northern
parts of the American continent. Still, with all
(he dangers added to the length of the voyage, the
East India trade is the richest vein of American
commerce, and soonest leads to the most splendid
fortunes; convincing proof of what it would be if
a new route was opened, exclusively American,
short, safe, cheap, and direct, and substituting a
trade in barter for the present ruinous drain of gold
and silver.
V. JV'eto route proposed for the people of the United
States by the Columbia and, Missouri rivers.—Colum-
bus was the first who conceived the idea of going
west to arrive at the East Indies. His discovery
of Amcrica was owing to that idea. He was in
search of a western passage to the eastern coast of
Asia when he was arrested by the unexpected in-
tervention of the American continent. Nor had
he any idea that he had found a new world. He
believed himself on the coast of India, and under
that belief gave the name of Indians to the inhabi-
tants; a name which they have retained ever since,
although the error on which it was founded has
been long since exploded. (Robertson.)
La Salle, founder of the French colony in the
valley of the Mississippi—a man pronounced by
Mr. Adams to be second only to Columbus in the
list of great discoverers—was the next who cher-
ished the idea of going west to India. The French
were then masters of the Canadas, and were daily
extending their discoveries to the interior of North
America. The existence of a chain of great lakes
stretching westward being ascertained, he believed
that an inland passage to China might be discov-
ered by means of these lakes and the rivers flow-
ing from them to the Pacific ocean. (Stoddart.)
Full of this idea, he left Montreal about the year
1680, in the hope of immortalizing himself by
opening to his country a new and direct route to
the commerce of the East Indies. Parting from
his friends eight miles above Montreal, the last
word he said to them was China, and the' spot re-
tains the name (La Chine) ever since. But death
arrested him in the valley of the Arkansas, the fate
which Columbus had so narrowly escaped, thatof
being assassinated by his own followers, who had
notcourage to follow him any further.
The English, of all others the most avaricious
of the India trade, also turned their views to the
discovery of a western passage to Asia. A pas-
sage round the American continent above Hud-
son's -Bay, was for a long time a favorite object
with the English government, and still occupies
Us attention. Numerous squadrons have been
fitted out, and repeatedly attempted the passage,
sometimes from the northwest by Behring's Straits,
sometimes by the northeast through Hudson's
13ay and Davis's Straits. The multiplied efforts to
discover this passage show the value which the
English place on the discovery of a direct route to
Asia. But they have not confined themselves to
sea voyages. Taking up the idea of La Salle,
they have sought ail inland passage by means of
rivers and lakes. This project was entrusted to
Mefvenzie. Confined to the northern parts of our
continent, he could only prosecute lus discoveries
north of the heuds of the Mississippi and Missouri
rivers. lie was confined to high northern lati-
tudes, but succeeded m showing the existence of a
water communication, with a tew portages, from
Hudson's Bay, north latitude 55 to the Pacific
ocean in the north latitude 46. The Mississippi,
the Peace river, the Cohnnbia, and some lakes,
formed the means of this communication, and little
useful as it would seem to us in a latitude so high,
it was deemed a discovery of great moment by the
English. McKen/.ie received the honor of knight-
hood for his enterprise; the British fur traders im-
mediately began to export their furs to China by
the direct route of the Columbia, and the privilege
of navigating that river for ten years has been se-
cured to them by treaty.
The Missouri above upon the Mandan villages
was yet unknown. From the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi a man of genius projected its discovery.
In 1796 the Baron tie Carondclet, governor gener-
al of Louisiana, planned un expedition to the
sources of the Missouri and thence to the Pacific
ocean. He obtained the approbation of Charles
IV, King of Spain. A liberal compensation was
offered by tile King, and the Baron announced an
additional rcwaid of three thousand dollars to the
persons who should first see the great ocean. The
expedition was undertaken by Don Jacques Gla-
morgan, an . enterprising citizen of St. Louis, who
prosecuted it some distance up the Missouri at
great expense, but without accomplishing the
views of the Spanish Government.
A few years after, Louisiana changed its master.
The eyes of Mr. Jefferson, taking the direction of
so many eminent men, were turned upon the Pa [
cific ocean, and under his auspices the labors of 1
Lewis and Clark have demonstrated the existence (
of a water communication, with a few poitages,
through the heart and ccntre of the Republic from
the Atlantic to the Pacific. The rivers Columbia,
Missouri, and Ohio, form this line, and open a
channel to Asia, short, direct, safe, cheap, and ex-
clusively American, which invites the enterprise
of American citizens, and promises to them a splen-
did participation in the commerce of the East.
VI. Practicability of this route.—The new route
will consist of four parts:—1. A sea voyage
across the North Pacific ocean. 2. A river navi-
gation up the Columbia. 3. A land carriage across
the Rocky Mountains. 4. A river navigation de-
scending the Missouri.
II. HARBOR AT THE MOUTH OP THE CO-
LUMBIA.
Letter from Senator Benton to James Blair, Esq.,
United Slates Navy.
Washington City, March 30, 1846.
Dear Sib: I have understood that you were one
of the officers of the late Exploring Expedition
under Captain Wilkes, who made the survey of
the mouth of the Columbia river; Messrs. Knox
and Reynolds, who are not now in this city, being
the other two; and that you were upwards of two
months engaged in that work. If so, I should
suppose that yourself, and the two gentlemen
named, must be better acquainted with the mouth
of that river than any other persons in the world;
and desiring to have the best ■ information in rela-
tion to the place, I address myself to you alone,
in the absence of Messrs. Knox and Reynolds, for
the fullest account which you can give me of it,
with all its defects and capabilities as a harbor for
vessels of war or commerce, such as it is now in
a state of nature, and such as it may be in the
hands of a maritime power, and with all the ad-
vantages of -beacons, buoys, lights, pilots, and
steam tow-boats. The character of the coast about
it, whether high or low land—the character of the
channels, bars, and breakers—depth of water on
the bar, and also on the insitle and outside of the
bar—distance across the bar, and the length of
time to cross it, coming in and going out—the cur-
rents, winds, and tides—temperature of the air,
summer and winter—capacity of the port as to the
number of vessels it can receive—its security from
winds—its defensibility against enemies—its prox-
imity to the sea—the points, if any, outside of the
harbor to shelter, or hide an enemy's fleet block-
ading the port, or waylaying its commerce—with
all other information necessary to a complete
knowledge of the place as a good or bad port, and
as being capable or not capable of being made
safer and better. I wish you to give me, if pos-
sible, the full result of your experience and obser-
vations during the whole time you were employed
in the survey, with the facts and circumstances
which justify your opinions, and which I may rely
on in any use which I may choose to make of your
statements.
Very respectfully, sir, your friend,
THOMAS H. BENTON.
James Blair, Esq., U. S. N.
James Blair to Thomas II. Benton.
Washington, Jlpril 2,1846.
Sir: I answer your inquiries of the 30th ultimo,
Ijregret that neither Lieutenants Knox or Reynolds
are in the city, for information from them would
be more satisfactory to you. They are both se-
nior to myself; and the first being directly charged
with, and responsible for, the servicc, in which
I cooperated, a statement from him particularly
would have been much greater authority than any-
thing from me. Yet I venture to say that it would
be precisely the same in import, however in other
respects more satisfactory.
Lieutenant Knox, commander of the Flying
Fish, conducted and completed the survey with
great ability, sharing equally with Lieutenant Rey-
nolds and myself the drudgery of sounding out the
harbor, channels, and bar.
The accompanying chart will show you how
faithfully the work was performed—every spot in
the. bed of the river having its depth ascertained.
The diagram will explain how easily the river may
be entered by ranges of landmarks, andwithout
the compass. The only difficulty in entering the
harbor of the Columbia, is the strength of the cur-
rents. They vary from five to three miles an
hour, according to the time of the tide, and differ-
ing in several parts of the channel. When the
water is low, and confined to the channels, the cur-
rents are very strong; but as the river rises the tide
sweeps in over the middle sands, and arc much
moderated.
During the two months and a half we. were en-
gaged in the Flying Fish upon this survey, from
August to November, we had ample opportunity
to observe the effect of all weathers upon the bar
and channels. In heavy weather the bar is dan-
gerous, but not more so than any other bar, with
the same depth of water and in like situation.
The channels are very much protected by the north
and south breakers, upon which the sea breaks,
leaving the channels comparatively smooth, and
when the sea is running highest, the more com-
pletely is it broken upon these breakwaters. If the
b&z and channels were buoyed out, there would be
no necessity for pilots. Four-and-a-half fathoms
is the least water found on the bar at any time.
1 his is sufficient water for frigates and the largest
merchantmen, even with a largs swell running!
