922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
There is as much water on this bar as through
the famous Gedney Channel into the harbor of
New York. Ill a state as it is now, it is far pref-
erable to that on many accounts—especially on
the proximity of safe anchorage to the sea, which
the bold shores of the liver, the high land, and the
heavy timber, covcr from the storm.
Lieutenant Knox discovered the south channel,
(which renders the entrance into the river much
more dircct and easy,) when, upon a reconnoissance
of the work to be performed, he observed and con-
cluded that such a vast body of water as swept
between the great middle sands and the southern
.shore must creatc a deep channel. He pulled
Jhrongh it in a boat, and followed shortly after-
waids with the schooner drawing nine feet water.
This channcl is a straight chute, and, taking the
direct course of the dead tree landmark with the
remoter one on Young's Point, [Cockscomb Hill,J
you enter the river on a straight line; never having
less than four and a half fathoms water, and a width
of from three-quarters to one-thiid of a mile. There
is no difficulty in entering even against the ebb tide,
if the ship has a six-knot breeze. Three knots are
suHicicnt to keep the range on with the ilood Ude.
The wind is free for this channel to enter,
when from any point of the compass west of north
and south. Through the channel the tide is so
strong that a small vessel can beat through it with
the tide against the wind, and a large one can bade
and fill through when the sea is not high. I passed
in and out of the river, in the schooner and boats,
from thirty to forty times, and was never in any
danger, except when venturing upon the breakers
or the middle sands. Lieutenant Knox would
sometimes club through the south channel in a
calm, merely using his anchor to sheer fiom one
ciide of the channel to the other, as the occasion
required. If Sir Edward Belcher, of the English
navy, knpw this channel, he kept it to himself, as
he did all the information he had obtained while
here. This was ingratitude, unless the result of
obediencc to positive orders from the Admiralty;
for the Peacock assisted him, when unfortunate, in
the Fcjee Islands, and Captain Hudson's want of
information was the immediate cause of the loss of
his ship; yet this disaster might have been avoid-
ed, if the precaution of feeling our way in had been
adopted.
While the Peacock was going to pieces on the
north breaker, Lieutenant Knox, in the schooner
Flying Kisli, felt his way with the lead over the
bar, and was about to anchor near (Jape Disap-
pointment, and would easily thence have entered
the river, but was ordered to sea again by signal
from the Peacock. After the discovery of the
youth channel, wc used it or the north as served
best for the occasion. You can see, by inspecting
the accompanying chart, that the north channel
(whi'di seems to have been the only channel known,
or at least used, until Knox's discovery of the
south channel) has two elbows, and it is, besides,
•subject to strong cross tides, it is, however,
deeper and wider than the south channel. All things
considered,! think the south channel preferable
for entering, and the north for leaving the river,
with the pi evading noilhuest sea breeze. This
sea Inec/c generally prevails throughout the year,
in all clear weather, from about eleven o'clock A.
M. until sunset. There was, during the season
we were on the Northwest coast, much more clear
weather than 1 have ever experienced on the East
coast of the United States at the same season of
the year, and a milder climate at all seasons. 1
You will perceive, by inspecting the diagram, j
that the Northwest sea-breeze is a loading wind in j
through the south, and a leading wind out tluough !
the noitli channel. |
In answer to your inquiries of the depth of water j
on the bar, I reply that the mean depth is about \
five fathoms; in and outside of it, six and a half
fathoms: distance across it, half a mile. When
the current of the river combines with the tide, the
water flows out of the river five miles an hour;
the current against the flood tide nearly neutralize
each other. Mean rise of the tide, about six feet.
The winds prevail from the north, northwest,
and west, and moderate during the summer; du-
ring the winter, from west to southeast, and
stormy. Temperature of the air, as mild as that
of Europe, in the same latitudes, during the same
seasons. Security from winds as good as any
harbor that I have ever been in of the same size.
Its defensibility perfectly easy by those in pos-
session of both the Cape and Point Adams. From
the cape you can command the North and the
Chinook channels, by a raking fire for two and a
half miles, whether in approaching or receding
from the cape, after passing it. Every ship is
obliged to pass at the nearest point within musket
shot. You have the same command of the South
and Clatsop channels from Point Adams; and here
ships are obliged to pass within a half to three-
quarters of a mile, and may be subjected to a
raking fire in the approach and in receding, after
passing. Even the temporary occupation of the
middle sands with heavy ordnance holds perfect
control of the passage up the river. A secure har-
bor may be reached m Baker's Bay, or near the
Clatsop shoie, within Point Adams, within three
and a half miles of the open sea. Frequently, in
twenty minutes after, weighing the anchor, we
have been out at sea. We were about this time
coming out when the squadron (the Porpoise, Ore-
gon, and Flying Fish) left the river.
►Shoal Water Bay, to the northward, is the only
shelter near the Columbia river, and that only for
1 small vessels; for the entrance to it is shoal and
; intricate.
The harbor of the Columbia river, as a seaport,
is inferior to none, except Newport, on the east
coast of the United States, in point of security from
winds, defensibility, proximity to the sea, or capa-
city as a harbor for vessels of war or commerce.
In the hands of a maritime Power, with all the
advantages of pilots, buoys, lights, and steam tow-
boats, it will be found one of the best haibors in
the world.
In addition to my own experience and observa-
tion, (the results of which are found in the notes of
the suivey, and marked on the chart,) I obtained
much information, confirming my opinion, from
Mr. Birney, commanding at Fort George, former-
ly called Astoria.
1 am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES BLAIR,
Passed Midshipman U. 8. N.
Hon. Thomas H. Benton,
United States Senate.
Mr. Maginn's statement and opinion,
Mr. John Maginn, of the city of New York,
and, since the year 1823, a regular licensed pilot in
the harbor of that cuy, now President of the Asso-
ciation of Pilots in New York, and at present m
the city of Washington as the agent of the Stale
pilots m their application to Congress, being re-
quested by Senator Benton to examine the chart
of the mouth of the Columbia, in the Library of
Congress, as made upon surveys and soundings by
officers under Captain Wilkes, and to compare the
same with a chart of the harbor of New York, and
to give my opinion of the comparative merits of the
two harbors, do hereby state and declare—
That I have made such comparison accordingly,
and find that the mouth of the Columbia is the bet-
ter harbor, and has manifest advantages over the
harbor of New York, in all the essential points
which constitute a good harbor. It has deeper
water on the bar, having four and a half fathoms,
without the addition of tide, which is there said to
be eight feet, while the New York harbor lias on
the bar but four fathoms, without the addition of
the tide, which is six feet. The bar in the Colum-
bia is half a mile across, while that of New York
is about three quarters of a mile. The channel on
the bar, in the mouth of the Columbia, is about
six thousand feet wide at the narrowest, and twelve
thousand feet at the widest, and then shoals grad-
ually on each side; while the channel on the bar
off Sandy Hook is but about six bundled feet and
shoals rapidly. The channel across the bar is
straight at the Columbia; that of New York is
crooked. As soon as the bar is crossed in the
Columbia two channels present themselves, one
the south, or new channel, discovered by Captain
Wilkes's officers, who made the soundings, en-
tirely straight, and deep enough for ships of the
line: the other, the north, or old channel, being
ciooked, or rather fonning an elbow, and deep
enough for any ships after crossing the bar. Both
these channels are from six to twelve thousand
feet wide or more, and free from shoals; while the
New York channels, after crossing the bar. are
narrow and crooked, and beset with shoals, which
require many changes of courses in the ship. In
accessibility to the sea the Columbia is far the
I best, as it is immediately at the sea, and ships can
1 get out of the sea into the harbor at once, and also
get out at once into the high sea, and thus more
easily elude cruisers in time of war. A great num-
ber of good and safe anchorages are found in the
Columbia as soon as the ship enters, and room
enough for thousands of vessels, and deep enough
for skips of the line.
Tiie bar and banks of the mouth of the Colum-
bia are all of hard sand, and therefore not liable to
shift, and being free from rocks are less danger-
ous. The land on each side of the mouth of the
Columbia, is high, and makes a marked opening
into the sea, and confines all the water of the river
to one outlet, and, therefore, would seem to be
easy of defence. There seem to be no points,
islands, or bays off the mouth of the Columbia to
shelter enemies' cruisers while lying in wait to
capture vessels going in, or coming out; while the
New York harbor presents such shelter for an
enemy. The winds at the mouth of the Columbia
are marked regtdar and steady, blowing six months
one way, and six months another; while the winds
at New York arc entirely variable, and cannot be
calculated upon by the mariner for any time. The
mouth of the Columbia is free from ice, and also
from great heat, the temperature never falling be-
low the freezing point, nor rising above the sum-
mer warmth. The current of the river is said to
be strong, but I cannot see that it offers any serious
obstacle. The breakers on each side of the chan-
ncl are also represented to be very great; but with
a channel so wide, and a bar so narrow, and free
from rocks and shoals, these would be nothing to
experienced mariners. Taking the mouth of the
Columbia as it now is, in a state of nature, with-
out the aid of pilots, buoys, beacons, light houses,
and steam tow-boats, I deem it a good harbor:
with the aid of these advantages, I would deem it
a far better harbor than NewVork, and capable of
containing an unlimited number of ships. In fact,
I have never seen so large a river, with its water
all so well enclosed by bold shores at its mouth,
and making so commodious a bay, large enough
to hold any number of ships, and at the same time
small enough to be easily defended, and where
there were more anchoring and sheltering places
for ships, and where they could be close up to
bold shores, and be better under the protection of
forts and batteries.
JNO. MAGINN.
Washington City, Jtpril 26, 1846.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 4, 1846.
Mr. STURGEON presented the memorial of
the present owners of the barque " Pons," lately
condemned and sold as a slaver, praying the name
of said vessel may be changed to Cordelia; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of citizens
of Alexandria, remonstrating against the passage
of the bill now before the Senate providing for
the retrocession of that county to the State of Vir-
ginia; which was referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from
the Chesapeake and Delaware Canal Company,
asking that the United States Relinquish the stock
held in that company on certain conditions. This
memorial was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BA.GJBY presented a petition from "Wade
Allen, asking to be allowed compensation for extra
service on a certain mail route; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. ARCHER, presented four memorials from
citizens of the town of Alexandria, praying the
passage of the bill now before the Senate provi-
ding for the retrocession of the county of Alexan-
dria to the State of Virginia; which were referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. PENNYBACKER presented five memo-
rials from the same place and to the same effect as
the above; which were referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from the
militia officers of the State of Maryland, asking
the adoption of certain improvements in the militia
system of the United States, for the better protec-
tion of the cities and towns of the seaboard and
lake frontier; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
