1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
923
diciary, reported a bill to divide the State of Ar-
kansas into two judicial districts; which was read
a. fiist and second time, and the accompanying
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, who by a resolution of the Senate were
instructed to inquire into the merits of Putnam's
plough dredger, reported that it was inexpedient
to adopt any further legislation upon the subject,
and asking that the report be printed; which was
agreed to.
Mr. JARNAGIN moved a postponement of the
prior orders of the day, for the purpose of consid-
ering the (House) bill for the relief of Isabella
Baldwin, widow of Captain  Baldwin.
Mr. SEVIER objected to taking- up a private
bill, out of its order, and the motion was not agreed
to.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House had
passed the Senate supplemental bill to the act pro-
viding for the prosecution of tlic war with Mexico,
with amendments.]
gen. gaines's cali, for volunteers.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution
of inquiry:
Resolved, That the President be requested to in-
form the Senate whether any officer of the army,
during the past or present year, has called volun-
teers or militia into the service of the United States,
without legal authority therefor; and if so, what is
the number of said force, how it has been organ-
ized, and whether officers of the line or staff
have been appointed contrary to law; and whether
such calls, if made, were necessary, and the prob-
able amount they will cost; nntl whether any ad-
vantages have resulted, or are likely to result there-
from; and, also, wiiat measures the Departmentof
War adopted for thejdcfence of the southern fron-
tier of the United States, during the same period.
Mr. CASS observed that it appeared from papers
in his possession, that a mounted force of twelve
thousand men had been called into the service of the
United States, without the authority of the Exec-
utive. An expenditure of one million of dollars
had been thus incurred, and that amount would
soon be increased to one million and a half. He
alluded to the call made for volunteers by General
Gaines, and said he (Mr. C.) would lead the va-
rious orders issued by that officer. [Mr. C. read
the orders.] These calls were made without au-
thority from the executive department of the Gov-
ernment, and at a time when General Taylor was
authorized by the President to call for such an
amount of volunteer force as he might deem neces-
sary. He did not intend to censure General
Games. He did not doubt the patriotism of his
motives, but he had fallen into a great mistake,
which it was the object of the resolution to correct
as promptly and completely as possible. The im-
mediate interposition of the legislative branch of
the Government was demanded. Ho felt it due to
the Administration to add, that General Gaines
had received orders to repair to "Washington im-
mediately.
The resolution having been read for informa-
tion—
Mr. JARNAGIN rose and said that he could
not imagine any necessity for acting on the reso-
lution this morning. Ho desired that it should be
laid over.
The PRESIDENT then announced that, as ob-
jection bad been made to the consideration of the
resolution, it would lie over.
Mr. ARCHER asked if the Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Cass] means to inform the Senate that
General Gaines has been recalled ?
Mr. CASS replied that General Gaines had re-
ceived orders to repair to Washington without
delay.
Mr. MOREIIEAD inquired what were the dates
of the orders issued by Geneial Gaines, and when
the Department obtained information of the facts.
Mr. CASS said he would send the Senator from
Kentucky the papers he had just read, which would
give him all the information as to the dates of the
orders. He was not himself able to state when
the department had received notice of the issue of
the orders.
Mr. CALHOUN then rose and said, that as the
resolution was to be considered to-morrow, he
would not now make any remarks upon it. He
wished to know, however, whether the corre-
spondence between the Department and General
Games was tOjbe obtained>
Mr. CASS replied, that that correspondence was
embraced in the resolution of inquiry, which he
had had the honor to submit.
Mr. SEVIER expressed his approbation of the
conduct of General Gaines. The circumstances
of the case were peculiar, and justified the course
adopted by General Gaines. Intelligence had been
received of the approach of a large body of the
enemy, and the general acted with the promptitude
which the exigency appeared to demand.
Mr. ARCHER called the Senator to order.
The PRESIDENT reminded the honorable Sen-
ator that there was now no question before the
Senate.
Mr. SEVIER remarked that he had no desire
to violate the rules of order, but he was only fol-
lowing the example of Senators—of the Senator
from Virginia himself—who had put various ques-
tions to the Senator from Michigan. He (Mr. S.)
was about to put a question, but he would abstain
from doing so, in order to avoid the possibility of
violating that order which the Senator from Vir-
ginia guarded with such commendable zeal and
vigilance.
Mr. MANGUM hoped the Senator would sub-
mit his inquiry.
Mr. ARCHER had no desire to prevent the
Senator from submitting a question. He called
him to order only when he appeared about to
enter on a discussion of the merits of the case.
Mr. JARNAGIN hopedt his desultory conver-
sation would terminate until the resolution should
come up to-morrow.
The subject was then dropped.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILI..
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, the Senate resumed,
as in committee of the whole, the consideration of
the " hill making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year ending
Juno 30, 1847."
Upon this bill, the following amendment, sub-
mitted by Mr. Nii.es, was ponding:
At the end of the second section, add the follow-
ing words:
" I'ron-lrd, Tliat no allowance oi compensation shall be
made lo itepuly pn.-ttiin.-tei^, in addition to their enmniH-
sinns ; Inutile I'u.-liuii-tT may, and lie is hetelty
aiuhori/.ed to incic.iso tile commission*: oa letter po
now allowed hy law, not exceeding five pet' centum; and
on the amount of mails distributed, not exceeding three per
centum; and all newspapers conveyed in the mail, whether
more or iess than thirty miles, slinll be Mihjeet to posture,
anything in the second section of the act apptoved the thud
of March, eighteen hundred anil forty-five, to tin; eontiary
notwithstanding; ami all newspapers hot sent from the olliee
of publication shall be nnltjei t to three ccnt-i postage each;
and the receipts from boxes used m post offices shall belong
to the postmasters, winch, with their commi-sious, shall be
applied to deliay the expenses oi tlieu othees, and to be ac-
counted for m the same manner as tliey ale now required to
account foi their commissions.'*
To the above amendment, the following amend-
ment, submited by Mr. Si-eight, was also pend-
ing:
Add thereto the following:
" Provided, hoivrver, That the l'iankiie' i>iivile£*c, as on-
joyed prior io tlmri March, ci;iht"ni lumriivd and ibrty-livo,
shrill bo, and tin* «aiue is heu-bv", extruded to deputy |>oc-f-
uia^tcrH."
A brief discussion then took place on an amend-
ment submitted by Mr. Nii.es, in which Mr.
SIMMONS, Mr. ATCHISON, Mr. NILES, Mr.
CRITTENDEN, Mr. II. JOHNSON, Mr.
MOREHEAD, Mr. HAYWOOD, Mr. WEST-
COTT, Mr. CHALMERS, Mr. SPEIGHT, Mr.
BENTON, and Mr. HUNTINGTON, took part,
when the amendment was negatived.
Mr. SIMMONS moved tiie following amend-
ment:
"Smite out the lemainderof the clause after tile word
'mails," in the ninth hue, and m&eit 'two millions seven
hundred thousand dollars.'' "
Agreed to.
"Pionticil, That from and after the first day of October
nexr, the iates of po;-t(i:;c upon leiters in mamiseupt shall be
reduced to uniform late nj five cents for a single letter tor all
distances witnni the United States."
After some debate, in the course of which Mr.
SIMMONS made frequent references to statistical
tables in his hand, to show what was the precise
condition of the department, and to prove that the
large appropriation asked for must have been insert-
ed through an oversight of the Postmaster General,
the question was taken on the first amendment, to
strike out and insert, which was agreed to.
The proviso reducing the rate of postage was
then withdrawn.
Mr. LEWIS submitted the following amend-
ment:
« Add to the first section: ' For enabling the Postmaster
General to establish a line of telegraph from Atlanta, in
(ioorgia, to Montgomery, Alabama, and from thence to
Mobile, $30,000.' 
After some further conversation,
Mr. MANGUM moved that the communication
from the Post Office Department, in relation to the
magnetic telegraph, which had been lead, be print-
ed for the use of the Senate; which was agreed to.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jxme 4, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read, and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced the special order of
; the day; being the consideration of bills relating to
the Territories.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES asked leave to make a re-
port from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BOWLIN made a similar request from the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Objection was made in both instances.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON called for the order of
business.
Mr. HOGE moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the slate of the
Union, [with a view to resume the consideration of
Territorial business.]
Mr. HARALSON moved that the said order of
business be postponed for the purpose of taking
final action on the bill reported yesterday from the
Committee oftheWhole on the state of the Union:
[i. p., the supplemental war bill.]
Mr. G. DAVIS moved a suspension of the rules:
[for what purpose the reporter could not asccrtam]
but the motion was not now in order.
And the question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Haralsox, and decided in the affirmative,
The consideration of the special order was post-
poned accordingly.
Mr. PETT1T asked ieave to make a report.
Objected to.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
The House resumed the consideration of the bill
entitled, "An act supplemental to an act entitled
' An act providing for the prosecution of the exist-
' ing war between the United States and the Re-
' public of Mexico; and for other purposes."
The pending question being on concurring in
the amendments reported yesterday in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading—
Such amendments as arc not hereinafter particu-
larly referred to, were disposed of without a divis-
ion or record vote.
The first amendment on which n separate ques-
tion was asked was that which, in the first section,
limited the number of new major generals to be
appointed to one instead of (too—and of brigadier
generals, to two instead offour.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON said that he desired a
vote taken on each item of this amendment, as, in
committee, the two had been submitted as separate
propositions.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF asked the yeas and nays
on the first division, which were ordered.
Hie question was then taken on striking out
" two major generals," and inserting " one major
general;" and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashman, Barnnirer, Bell, Urn-
ton, James lilack, Broiillead, Milton Brown, William G
Brown, William W. Campbell, John G. Chapman, Reuben
Chapman, Clarke, Cocke, Oollamer, Cranston. Crozier Cul-
ver, J ana!!li, G.i'rett Davis, De Mott, Doekeiy. Erdman
Jo.iii II. twnu;, Fiekiiu, Foot, Garvin, Grddings.Gilef Gia-
liam, G.id^Oimrwdi, Grover, Hamlin, Hamptojj, N&rppr,
Ilcnley, Herrick, Elias B. Holmes, Samuel r>. Hubh'ud
Hudson, Hunseitord, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt'
Jenkins, James IL Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geonre W?
Jones, Darnel P. Kina, Thomas Butler King, Lewis, Levin'
i?"vr ^ulnPlnnJ McClean, McClelland, Joseph J. McDowl
ell, McGaughey, McHemy, Mcllvame, Marsli, Miller, Mor-
ris, Moselev, Monlton, Norris, Owen, Pendleton, Ten ill
RoeV naBhlT,„1Relft' Rlttel'' JuIlllS  °ckwe!i!
John A. Rockwell, Runk, Russell, Sawyer, Schenek t?ea-
S"1".'!. S!"<,1,Ilnce\ Smith, Albert Smith, Thorn,is
Starkweather, Stephens, St. John, Strolim, Strong
ThomnSn^M Ja"nn T1)<«npson, James Thompson, JacoiJ
Tnompson, 1 liden, Towns, Trumbo, Vance, Vmton, Went-
