924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
worth, Wheaton, Williams, Winthrop, Wood, Wnght, and
Yost—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Big^s, Bowlin, Boyd,
Bunkerhoff, Brockenbiougli, Burt, A. A ("Chapman, Chase,
Chipman, Cobb, Cullom, Cuiumnis, Cunningham, Daniel,
Dargan, Jefferson Davis, Dillingham, bobbin, Diomgoole,
Eilswoith. Faran, Fnc=-, Gentiy, Gordon, Haialson, Hoge,
Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, George S. Houston,
Hunter, Chatles J. Iiiger^oll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Seaborn
Jones, Kaulinan, Kennedy, Leak,-, Leib, La Sere, Ligon,
Maclay, MeClornund, James McDowell, McKay, John P.
Martin, Barklev Mai tin, Morse, Nivcn, Parish, Payne, Per-
ry, lie id, Rhett," Roberts, Root, Scammon, Leonard H. Sims,
Sunpaon, llobuit Smith, Stanton, Thomasson, Tredway,
Wick, and Woodward—65.
So the amendment was concurred in.
On concurring in the second division, striking out
"four," and inserting " two brigadier generals."
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON asked the yeas and
nays, which were ordered; and being taken, result-
ed as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, A^bmun, Barringer, Bell, Benton,
J. Bkfk, Blanehard, Biodhead, M. Brown, W. G. Blown,
Bulfiiiyton, W W. Campbell, Catheart, J. G. Chapman,
K. Chapman, Claike, Cocke, CoUamei, Collin, Ctan^on,
Cio/aei, Culvet, Dan.igh, Gauvtt Davis, De Motf, Dnckery,
Dionmoole, Dunlap, Eidman, John 11 Ewmji, rickbn, Foot,
Ci<ldutg>,Oldham, Grnler, Gnnnell, Gtover, Hamlin, Hamp-
ton, II trper, Henley, Het tick, Ehas H. Holmes, Samuel D.
Hubb.ird, riungerfurd, Washington Hunt, James l>. Hunt,
Jenkins, James 11 Johnson, Amhew Johnson, Geoigo \V
Jones. Daniel P. Knur, Thomas Butler King, Lewi-, Levin,
Long, MeClean, McClelland. Joseph J. McDowell, Mc-
(Jauajhey. Ilnnv, Mcllvamo, Marsh, Miller, Moms,
Mos 'ley, Mouiton, Noiri-, Owen, Pamt-h, Pendleton, IVr-
nl!,Phelps, Polloi k, Belle, llittej, Julius Rockwell, John A.
Bo •kweil, Runk, Russell, Saw telle, Sawyer, Sehenek, Sea-
man, Seveianee, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Thomas
Smith, Starkweather, Stephens, St. John, Stiolmi, Strong.
Thibodeaux, Beuj. Thompson, James Thompson, TildetV
Toombs, Truiuho, Vance, Ymton, Wentwoith, Wheaton!
Williams, Winthrop, Wood, Wright, arid Young—308.
NAYS—Messis. John Q, Adams, Stephen Adams, Bisrgs,
Bowhti, Ho\d, Briukeihott, Btockenbrounh, Buit, Augu>tus
A Chapman, Chase, CJnpman, Cobb, Cullom, Cuimnint-,
Cunningham, Daniel, Daigan, Jefferson Davis, Dillingham,
Dobbin, Ellswoith, Faran, Foster, Fries, Gentry, Gordon,
llaral-on, Ilarmanson, Hoge, Laae E. Holme>, Hopkins,
Houiih, (Jeor^e S. Houston, Edmund W. Htibard. lluntei,
Chailes, J. Ingersoll, Joseph I\. Jngeisoll, Seaboin Jones,
Kaufman, Kennedy, Leake, Leth, La Sere, Ligon, Macla\,
MoClernand, MeConnell, James McDowell, McKay, John
P. Martin, B. M.irnn, jViven, Payne, Perry, Reid, Rheu.
Robeits, Scammon, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Robeit
Smith, Stanton, Thomas-on, Jaeob Thompson, Towns,
Tredway, Wick, and Woodward—68.
So the- amendment was concurred in.
The next question was on concurring in the fol-
lowing proviso to the first section:
(i P)on!ciJ, That when the war with Mexico shall termi-
nate, the numliei of major generals in the army slml! be re-
dneed to one, and the numberof brigadiei geneials >-litill be
iedur< d to two ; and the Pte-ideut of the Ihuted Sl,tte«.|,
aiittiouzi'd and directed to M-lect lioia the whole number
wnieh may be then in othee, without regard ro the date of
their commis-Hon.s, the numbet to be retained, and cause
the ifiin.undei to bo discharged fioni the .soivicc ol' the
United States."
Mr. WINTHROP, as a question of order, in-
quired whether the utnendiw nt could be divided ?
The 8PKA IvER said it could not, because it had
been reported from the Committee of the Whole
on the stale of the Union as one amendment, and
the House had, on a former occasion, settled the
principle in such cases.
Mr. A8IJMHN asked the yeas and nays, on
concurrinc, in the amendment, whieh wercordeied,
and, being taken, resulted as follows :
YEAS— "Vles-^is. St' pheti Adams, Ronton, Buu's, James
Black, Boyd, Brodhead, Cathc;irt, Reuben Chapman,Cha^e,
Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham,
Daniel, ))" Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Duulap, Ell-wouh,
Ivdin.iii, Fnan, Fiekli.t, Foster. Fites, (I.irvin, (.'otdon,
Ciover, llamlm, Mainian^on, Henh-v, Hoge, Hopkins, ;
Jlough, (Jerage S. liou-ton, E. W. Ilubatd, Hungerloid, I
James B. Hunt, Joneph R. liigertoll, Jenkins, James II. 1
Johnson. Andrew John*on,George W. Jones, Pre-ton Kmc,
Leake, Levin, Lumpkin, MeClean, McCh'lland, McCler-
jiand- iMcCoiined, Joseph J. McDowell, McK'tv, John P.
Mattm, i> uklcy Maitm, Morn-, Mouiton. Noin-, Owen,
P,in ish, Pavne, I'enill, Phel])s, Uathbun, Reid, iti lie, Kilter,
Roberts, llu^oll. Sawtelle, >^aw\er, Scautmon, Leonaid II,
Sim.-, Snnp-on, Thos. Smith, Robeit Smith, Starkweather,
St. John, Strong, Tiubodeaux, James Thompson, Jacob
Thompson- Towns. Tied way, Wentwortli, Wheaton, Wi< k,
William-:, "Wood, Woodworth, ami Yo.-t—9-2.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John (imncy Adams, Arnold,
Ashmtm, Uairinsrcr, Bell. Blaneiiaid. Brinkerholl', Brocken-
brough, Milton Brown, Bufhnuton, Burt, Win. W. Camp-
bell, J. G. Chapman, Chipman, Coeke, CoHainer, Cranston,
Cro/ier, Culver, Daigan, DarraLr)i, Garrett Davis, Jetierson
J)avts, Dromcooie. J. fJ. Ewin^. E, II. Ewtng, Foot, Gentiy,
Giddmi;s, Giles, Gtaham. Gnder, Giinnell, Tlampton, ffar-
;d%on, Haiper, Herrick, Elias B Holme«, Isaac E Holmes,
fc>. i). Hufibaid, Hudson, Washintrton Hunt, Charles J. In-
gersoli, Kaufman, Daniel P. Kitiif, Thomas B. King, I/Cib,
li.t Sere, Lewis. Ligon, Lone, Maclay, James McDowell,
MeGausrhey, McHcnry, Mcllvame, Marsh, Miller, Ntven,
Pendleton, Pony, Pollock, Rhett, Julius Rockwell, John A.
Rockwell, Root, Runk, Schenck, Seaman, Severance, Tin-
man Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stanton, Ste-
phens, Strohm, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson, Tilden,
Ti umbo, Vance, Vinton, Wmthiop, Wright, and Young—86.
So the amendment was concurred in.
On inserting section six, (a new section,)
Mr. RATHBUN asked the yeas and nays;
which were lefused; and the amendment (insert-
ing the section) was concurred in.
On concurring in the amendment, (inserting the
following as section fourteen.*)—
t(Jlnd be it further enacted, That to the rules and
articles for the government of the army of the Uni-
ted States, established by the above-recited act, in
the first section of the same shall be added the fol-
lowing:
"{ Article 10-2. Any officer or soldier, or any othor of the
poisons dosciibed or enumeiatod m the 60th, 96th, and 97th
of the s atd Oftabhshed article^ and in general all other fol-
lower of a camp or army of the United States, when any
such aunv shall be serving beyond the limits of the United
States and their otgamzed Tenitoiial Governments, maj be
tried, and capitally or otheiwise punished, by sentence of a
geneial court maituil, accoiduig to the natuio and degree of
the otl'enco, fbi any muidcror otliei felony committed upon
the person or piopeit> of any of the persons herein included,
oi upon the person or piopertv of any of the people of the
country beyond the said geographical orjudicial limits.->"
Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT asked the yeas
and nays; which were ordered; and, being taken,
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messis. J, Q. Adams, Ashinun, Barringer, Den-
ton, Big<rs, James Black, Blanehard, Boyd, Bnnkeihotf,
Broekenbrousih, Brodhead, William G. Brown, Burt, W.
W. Campbell, Cathearf, Auuru>tus A. Chapman, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Clnpman, Cobb, Collin, Constable, Cul-
lom, Cummins, Cunningham, Dargan, Jenoison Davis, De
Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Douglass, Dunlap, Erdnian, Fos-
ter, Fue*, Gentry, Giddings, Giles, Gordon, Gialiam, Gnn-
uell, Gtover, Hamlin, Ilaralnon, Haunan.son, llenley, llur-
rick, Iloye, Ehas B. Holmes, laaac JC. Holmes, Hopkins,
Hough, G. S. Houston, Hungerfoid, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Jenkins, James II. Johnson, Andiew Johnson, George W.
Jones, Seaboin Jones, Kaufman, Leake, Leib, La Sere,
Levin, Lumpkin, Mael.iy, MeConnoll,McCrafe, James Mc-
Dowell, MeKa), John P. Martin, Baikley Mm tin, Niven,
Norti-i, Owen, Payne, PrrtiU, Reid, Rln tt, Roberts, Root,
Russell, Sawtelle, Scammon, Sehenek. Leonard H. Sims,
Simpson, Thomas Smith, Stanton, St. John, Strong, Tbom-
ahxoti, Jattn> Thompson, Ja< oh 'J'homp.son, Towns, Tred-
way, Wick, Williams, Woodward, Woodworth, and Yost
—103.
NAYS—M' s«is. Abbott, Bell, Bouhn, Milton Brown,
Bulnngton, John G. Chapman, Clarke, Co< ke, Cianston,
Cioziei, Culver, Daniel, Dairagii, Ganett D.ivis, Dockery,
Dromcoole, Edwm 11. Ewing, F.uvin, Foot, Gridei, Hamp-
ton, Ilarpej, Hilliard, Samuel D. Xlubbard, Jlud.-on, Wash-
ington Hunt, J. B. Hunt, Joseph R. Jngersoll, D. P. King,
Preston King, Thomas Butler King, Lewis, Long, MeClean,
McClelland, Joseph J. McDowell, McGaughey, McHemy,
Mellvaine, Millet, Morris, Moseley, Mouiton, Pendleton,
j Perry, Pollock, Uelfe, Juhu* Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
| Runk, Sawyei, Seaman, Severance, Ttuinan Simlh, Caleb
| B. Smith, Robeit Smith, Staikwe.uher, Steplieiis, Sjtohm,
! Tlubodeaux, Beu|anun Thompson, Thiirmtui/J'ifden, Trum-
[ bo, Vance, Vmton, Wentwoith, Wheaton, Wnght, and
' Young—70.
So the amendment was concurred in.
On concurring in the following amendment:
Sr.c. lo. Jlml be it f117 lhar winded, That from and after the
passage, of this act, no officer in tlie army of the United
States, not actually engaged in prosecuting or aiding in car-
rying on hostilities agaun-t the public- enemy, shall be enti-
tled to iec"i\e more than eight rations per day or commuta-
tion thorefot.
Mr. DIIOMGOOLE asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Mean's. Abbott, Stephen Adams, Benton, James
Black, Bowhn, Boyd, BrmkerJiofl', Brockenbiough, Biod-
liead, Wilham G. Brown, Catheart, R<uiben Chaj>man,
Chase, Clatke, Cobb, Cocke, Collin, Cunningham, I)e Mott,
Dillingham, Dobbin, Dunlap, Erdman, Fickhn, Files, Gar-
vin, (hddiMgs. Giles. Goidon, Grovor, Hamlin, iLirmm^on,
Henie> , fIopkm«, Geo.ge S. Houston, Kdmund W. Jlubard,
S.unm 1 D. Ifubijard, Hungerlonl, Ja,nc> B. Hunt, Jenkins,
James H Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Seaborn Jones, P. King, Lumpkin, Maclav, MeClean, Me-
Clcliand, MeClemand, McConnell, Joseph J. McDowell,
Meflvaine, Mt Kay, John P. Maiiui, Barklev Martin, Moiris,
Mnulton, N'otri-, ParrMi, P:iynr y Peirill, Phelps, Rathburi,
Reid, Kelfe, Ritf 1. Roli-rt.-, Root, Sawtille, Sawyer, Scam-
mon. Seveianee, Leona.'d II. .Sim-,, Snnjison, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Si.-akweatlier, Strong, James Thompson, Ja-
cob 'l'hoinp.^on, Towns, Wentwoith, Wheaton, Williams.
Wood won h, and Vo-t—<^7.
NAYS—M-.-srs, Ashmtm, Banmger, Bell, Biggs, Milton
Brown, Burr, William W. CamphcU, Augustus A. Chapman,
('liipman, Constabb-, Cianston, Cio/n-r, Culver, Dargan,
Datiagh, Garrett Davis, Jefferson Davi^, Doekmy, Diom-
goole, John H. 15wing, Edw in TI. Kwmg, Foot, Fobtei, Gen-
tiy, (rraliam, Gnder, Hampton, Haralson, Haiper, Ilernck,
Hilliard, Khan B. Holmes, Laac E. Holmes, Hudson, Wash-
ington Hunt, Charles J. Imrertioli, J( seph R. Ingersoll,
Kaufman, Daniel P. Kinir, Leake, Lcib, La Sera, J^ewi?,
JiOng, McCrate, James McDowell, McGaughey, McHenry,
Mar>h, Miller, Morse,_MoseIey, Owen, Pendleton, Perry,
Pollock, Rhett, Juhu« Rockwell, John A. 3l<ickwell, Runk
cniinqn ti niyin*. <om.ll. a1)   i /f.i _  « 1 1 .1
So the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading at
this time;
And having been read a third time by its title,
And the question being, " Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. E. H. EWING asked to be excused from
voting, and, amidst some interruption on a question
of order, assigned his reasons therefor.
Mr. E. was excused.
Mr. HARALSON made a similar motion, and,
having briefly assigned his reasons, withdrew it.
# Mr. PRESTON KING asked to be excused, as-
signing as his reason, that whilst he was ready to
vote for all these army bills, he could not vote for
a bill which gave such despotic power over the
lives of American citizens as that conferred by the
fourteenth section.
Mr. KING was excused.
Mr. TOOMBS asked the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill; which were ordered, and being
taken, resulted as follows:
YBAS—Messrs. John Q-uincy Adams, Stephen Adams,
Barringei, Benton, Biggs, James Black, Bowhn, Boyd,
BimkerhofF, Broekcnbiough, Brodhead, William G. Brown,
Burt, Catheart, John G. Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman,
Reuben Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Constable,
Cullom, Cunningham, Daigan, Darragh. Jefferson Davis, De
Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Douglass, ftrdmgnolc, Dunlap,
ElLwonh, Kidman, Faran, Ficklin, Fo&ter, Fries, Garvin,
Gentry, Giles, Gordon, Graham, Grovei, Hamlin, Haralson,
llai mauson, Hoge, Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, George
S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Hungeriord, Hunter, C.
J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James H. John-
son, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Kaufman, Ken-
nedy, Leake, Leib, La Sore, Ligon, Long, Lumpkin, Me-
Clean, McClelland, MeClemand, McConneU, McCrate, Jo-
seph J. McDowell, James McDowell, McKay, John P. Mar-
tin, Barkley Maitin, Morris, Mouiton, Owen, Parrish
Payne, Pernll, Perry, Phelps, Pollock, Reid, Relfe, Rhett
Ritter, Roberts, Root, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Leon-
ard H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stan-
ton, Starkweather, St. John, Strong, Thibodeaux, Thomas-
son, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Towns
Tredway, Wontworth, Wick, Williams, Wood, Woodward!
Woodwoith, and Yost—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashmun, Bell, Blanehard, Mil-
ton Brown, Buffington, William W. Campbell, Chipman
Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, Crozier, Culver, Garrett Davis,
John II. Ewing, Foot, Giddmgs, Gnder, Grmnell, Hampton,
Harper, Ilernck, Hilliard, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson,
Washington Hunt, Daniel P. King, J^ewis, McGau^hev
McIJeniy, Mcllvaino, Marsh, Moseley, Pendleton, Julius
Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Runk, Sehenek, Seaman,
Seveianee, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith
Stephens, Stiohin, Benjamin Thompson, Tilden, Toombs'
Tiumbo, Vance, Vinton, and Young—52.
So the bill was passed in the following form, viz:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled That
the President of the United States be, and he hereby 'is au-
thon/ed to appoint, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, one major general and four brigadier generals
in addition to the present military establishment: Prodded'
That when the wai with Mexico shall terminate, the num-
directed to select from the whole number which may then
be in office, without regaid to the date of their commissions
the number to be retained, and cause the remainder to be'
dischaigcd from the service of the United States.
Src. 2. Jlnd be it further enucted, That the President of
the United States be, and he hereby is, authorized to call
into the service, under the act approved May thirteen eigh-
teen hundred and forty-six, such of the general officers of
the mihtia as the service, in his opinion, may require and
to organize into brigades and divisions the forces authorized
by said act, according to his discretion.
Sec. S. Jtiul be it further enacted, That the field and staff
of a separate battalion of volunteers, under the baid act
shall be one lieutenant colonel or major, one adjutant, with
the rank of lieutenant;, one sergeant major, one quartermas,
tor sergeant, and a ciuef bugler or principal musician, ac-
cordmg to corps. - '
Sisr. 4. Jhid he it, further enacted, That the President of
the United States way limit the privates in any volunteer
company, according to his discretiun, at from sixty-four to
one hundied, and that with every volunteer company an
additional second lieutenant may be allowed and accepted.
Sec. 5. Jlnd h  it farther enactul, That when volunteers or
lmlitia are called into the service of the United States in
such numbers that the oflicerb of ihe <|nartcrmastcr, com-
missary, and medical departments, authorized by law, be not
sufficient to provide for supplying, quarto-ins, transporting
and famishing tliem with the lcquisite medical attendance,
it shall he lawful tm the Picsuient to appoint, with the ad-
vice and consent ot the Senate, asinanyaddition.il officers of
said departments as the service may requne, not exceeding
one qnaiteutiastcr and one commissary lor each brigade
with the rank of major, and one assistant quartermaster
with the rank ot captain, our- assistant commissary with
the tank of captain, one surgeon, and one assistant surgeon,
for each regiment; the said quartermasters and corninis-
sario-, assistant quaitermasters and assistant commissaries,
to give bonds, with good and sufficient sureties, for the faith-
ful performance of their duties; and they and the & d sur-
geons and assistant &utgeons to perform such duties as the
i icsident shall direct: Provide J, That the said officers shall
be allowed the same pay and emoluments as are now
allowed to officers of the same description and grades in
those departments respectively; that they be subject to the
rules and articles of war, and continue in service only so
long us their services shall be required, in conaexion with
the nulitid and volunteers.
