928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June'-5?-
Tlie deputy quartermaster general and ooipmissaiyol sub-
sistence will furnish, on the requisition of «'« rtboven"'" '
gentlemen, the pioper allowance o! camp equipage, i itl<311. ,
and other supplies, for the immediate accommodation^the
companies, and transportation tor their movement to tlie seat
of war upon the Rio Grande. . . ,
Captain Wlutely, of tlie ordnance C™~
rush the resiments with muskets and rifles,with, ac«une-
S «Zre'et<!' tOSCt"el' VGAINeT
Major Geneial U. S. army, comd'g We t. Div.
Official.
p. calhoux,
A. A. A. G. West. Div.
General Gaines certainly had 110 more authority
than the President; anil had the President issued
such an order, he would have been liable to im-
peachment. the very next day. The department
does not know how many troops have gone. All
tlie papers were on his table, and to them Senators
could have access. He would no longer detain
the Senate.
Mr. WEBSTER then rose to address the Senate.
Mr. CASS asked if the Senator wished to cast
his eye over the papers?
Mi. WEBSTER thanked the Senator, and pro-
ceeded. The case, ccrtainly, as stated by the Sen-
ator from Michigan, was a plain violation of law,
and called for the Interposition of the Government.
He would not desire, however, to be hasty in
coming to a judgment of censure upon an experi-
enced officer of the army of the United States.
Mr. CASS. The Senator will understand that
I do not mean to censure him.
Mr. WEBSTER. " Certainly." He then pro-
ceeded to say that he was about to remark that the
present resolution, calling simply for information,
was proper enough, and, in his judgment, it ought
to pass. General Gaines, if he (Mr. W.) remem-
bered right, had the command of that division in
which the army on the Rio Grande was at present
operating. It was quite possible that, occupying
that position, he might have misinterpreted some
direction of the President or Department of War.
Certainly he could not be so uninformed as to the
constitutional law of the country as to call out the
militia, without supposing that he acted under some
authoiity from the Executive. To call 011 the mi-
litia to any amount, or 111 any circumstances, with-
out some direction from the President, must be re-
garded as a very extraordinary procedure. Let
Senators advert to the origin of this power—to the
law passed regulating its cxercise; a nil let them keep
themselves—if they mount to preserve the integ-
rity of the Constitution—within its provisions, and
the provisions of the law. By the Constitution,
the President has power to call out the militia ot
the States by requisitions to repel invasion, to sup-
press insurrection, to execute the law; and for 110
other purpose whatever. That was a high dis-
cretionary power vested in tiie President, lie
(Mr. W.) was one of those who held that tlie ne-
cessity for tlie exercise of this power was vested
altogether 111 the discretion and judgment of the
President. If the Governor of a Slate called out
the militia in a case whcie the Piesident of the
United Stall s made a inquisition for a purpose
within the Constitution and law, he complied with
that Saw. Dilferont opinions had been entertained
on that subject, but that was his opinion, and had
been eonliiined by the supieme judicial authority.
The next question—one not without difficulty—
was how far the President, ill particular circum-
stances, might delegate the exercise of this discretion
to military officers. It had been considered, and
so decided, that in cases of danger 011 the frontier,
the President might give to the ollicci command-
111" ill that quarter a contingent authority to call
out tlie militia in case the danger became more
menacing. That is the length, and the whole
length and whole breadth of the power, and the
whole extent to which it ever has been exercised,
or ever can be exercised, without direct violation
of tlie Constitution and law. The militia is the
militia of tlie Slates; to make a requisition for it is
a matter of high prerogative in this Government,
or high discretion at least. It must be exercised—
under the Constitution and under the law passed
for carrying the provision of the Constitution into
effect—by the President, or, in particular circum-
stances, by somebody clothed with contingent au-
thority in the case.
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator pardon me while
I interrupt him for a moment? He will sec by the
papers that the order was not authorized by the
Government.
Mr. WEBSTER. That makes the case so much
the worse.
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator be so good as to
read the order?
Mr. WEBSTER read the order, and then said,
why, this is raising an army! This is to raise
regiments for the service of the United States. It
is, as the Senator states, no requisition for militia,
but an order to raise ail army under the authority
of a major general. He (Mr. W.) was very happy
that the subject had been called up, and he had not
the slightest disposition to1 anticipate an unfavora-
ble judgment upon the conduct of General Gaines.
Certainly his had been a very extraordinary pro-
cedure—a procedure that the President could not
authorize. Pie perceived that one of the objects
of the resolution was to inquire into the necessity
of raising the men. He would probably concur
with the honorable member, that, as the men had
been called out, they ought to be paid. Since that
subject had been incidentally called up, he would
direct the attention of the honorable members more
directly charged with the financial affairs of tlie
Government, to the enormous expense already in-
curred by the military proceedings. He had taken
pains to make some inquiry at the proper sources,
and from the best information he could obtain, he
found that the military expenses of the Govern-
ment were hardly less than half a million of dollars
per day!
Mr. SEVIER remarked that but one result must
follow the resolution, and but one result was in-
tended by it—censure of General Gaines. It had
been said, in the course of the debate, that if the
President had done what General Gaines had done,
he would deserve to be impeached. General Gaines
iiad been charged with a palpable violation of the
law, and yet Senators said that they would not
prejudge his case. Well, he, (Mr. S.,) as he said
yesterday, approved of the conduct of General
Gaines. What were the facts in relation to this
matter? General Taylor, it was true, had the
power to call upon the Governors of States for ad-
ditional troops so as to retain his position upon the
Rio Grande; and yet so little calculation had he
made of the strength of the Mexican army, that he
came very near losing the whole of his forces, re-
lying upon the smallness of the enemy's numbers;
that we well remember. Well, during this par-
ticular period—the country invaded—the whole
American army surrounded, and cut off from its
supplies, General Gaines proceeded to raise these
troops for the succor of tlie American army, and
to save them from the impending calamity. Was
that not right? Was he to wait till he communi-
cated with the authorities at Washington, some
1500 or 1800 miles distant? If he had done so,
he would have deserved to be impeached, or at
least biought to trial.
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator permit me to re-
mind him that General Taylor had called for all
the assistance that he wanted.
Mr. SEVIER. Was not the impression in New
Orleans that the army was in imminent danger?
He (Mr. S.) applauded the conduct of General
Gaines. He was certainly far more worthy of
applause than those generals who had remained
at (ionic, and instead of meeting the enemy, were
quietly stationed within the sound of his voice.
That old veteran, when his country was invaded,
had with prompt zeal called these men to her de-
fence, without waiting for tedious authority; and,
instead of censure, deserved the lasting giatitude
of the nation. He had heard a good deal about
General Gaines for some time past, and he must
say, that, 111 his judgment, he had hardly received
fair treatment; although the superior of General
Taylor, none of the orders to the latter had gone
through his hands: instead of transmitting then-
orders to the senior, the War Department had
communicated with the junior officer. Was it, then,
remarkable that there should be conflicts and cross
purposes in regard to tins matter? He thought
not. He wished to know the object of the resolu-
tion. To remedy the law ? They had got no law;
nobody pretended to say that. The crisis was a
peculiar one—like that in which General Jackson
acted; and the country would approve of the man-
ner in which General Gaines had met the crisis.
It would be seen from the public prints of Louisi-
ana, that public opinion had pronounced its judg-
ment most emphatically in favor of General Gaines.
What had been the result of his conduct? "Why,
the very men sent by him to the relief of General
Taylor had manned Point Isabel, and enabled Tay-
lor to take his own troops into- action to' encounter
the enemy, and win the victories, the fame" of which
now rang throughout the land. - In his own' State,
in Kentucky, Tennessee, and, indeed^ in all the
border States, they had not liad,time.to organize
the forces called for by .the President; and -it was
only to the tirjnely succor sent' by General -Gaines
that General Taylor was indebted for the means of
maintaining his position. . ' - , •
Mr. MOREHEAD begged to ask tlie Senator a
question. Was he to understand that a portion of
the -troops raised by General Gaines had been, re*
ceived by the President? ' . •
Mr. SEVIER replied in the affirmative, and
added that he understood that they had arrived at.
Point Isabel in time to give essential aid to General
Mr. CASS said-the letter of the Adjutant Gene-
ral would answer the Senator.
Mr. SEVIER hoped that he would give it now.
Mr. CASS then handed to the Senator an ex-
tract from the letter of the War Department to
General Gaines, informing him that " the Secre-
' tary of War disapproved of his call for several
' regiments of mounted gun-men, but approved his
• previous requisitions for volunteers reported, the
' number of which could not be ascertained with
' precision."
Mr. MOREHEAD inquired the date of that
letter ?
Mr. SEVIER replied, the 18th of May, and then
went on to say that part of the 12,000 volunteers
called for by General Gaines'had been received by.
the President, and that he very much disliked to
sec, at a time like this, and without any proper
motives, that he could discern, a call for General
Gaines's presence here. Withou t. questioning the
disclaimers that had been made, he (Mr. S.) must
say that, in his judgment, the only object appear-
ed to be to cast censure upon a general for doing
an act which he (Mr. S.) thought would be ap-
proved by every impartial man. General Gaines
had acted promptly, and that in a most important
crisis, when promptitude was so essential. He
would not detain the Senate longer, but, as they
had gone into the subject, he would go into it fully,
and move to amend the'proposition of the Senator
from Michigan by adding to it the following- reso-
lution: ■
Resohteifurther, That the President be requested
to furnish the Senate with any correspondence
which may have taken place between the Secretary
of War and Major General Scott, of the United
States army, upon the subject of his taking the
command of the army of occupation on the fron?
tiers of Texas.
Mr. CASS then said that he supposed the Sena-
tor from Arkansas did not call in question what he
(Mr. C.) had stated with reference to his motives
in offering the resolution.
Mr. SEVIER. Certainly not—of course not.
Mr. CASS proceeded. The law might be vio-
lated with the best motives, but was inquiry there-
fore precluded ? It was acts like this that led to
dangerous effects. The House of Representatives
had promptly met that portion of the case which
related to the requisitions upon Governors of States.
But another point remained, and that was the direct
raising of troops by the general .himself. The hon-
orable Senator had read a portion of-the report'of
the War Department approving of -the raising of
volunteers by General Gaines, but five-sixths of
the force had been raised since then. He would
ask the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Johnson]
when the news that General Taylor was surround-
ed reached New Orleans?
Mr. JOHNSON. I don't know.
Mr. MANGUM. It was seven days after—
about the 15th of May.
Mr. CASS. General Gaines had issued orders
for no less than six regiments after the danger was
all over. He repeated that he had not the remo-
test intention of censuring the motives of General
Gaines; but as this was a very grave matter, he
had felt it his duty to inquire into it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, had been under
the, impression that the whole of the force of Gen-
eral Gaines had been received into the service of
the United States.
Mr. CASS. Oh, no.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. The regiment
commanded by Colonel Peyton was received into
the service at all events; and from the New Orleans
