THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, 1846.
New Series....No. 59.
papers, he perceived that the Governor had ap-
proved of the course of General Gaines. The im-
pression was that General Taylor had been sur-
rounded, and that the Mexican army had received
large reinforcements. The dangerous position of
the American army occasioned great anxiety, and
the universal impression was that General Gaines
had acted with commendable promptitude and dis-
cretion. He saw that, at a public meeting, Gene-
ral Gaines had received the applause of the people.
If he transcended his authority, he was responsible
to the Executive Government. No doubt he acted
from the most patriotic motives, and the men raised
by his activity and exertions had rendered essen-
tial aid to the operations of General Taylor.
Mr. WEBSTER. "Where did he get the com-
missions?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, could only state
that the Government had approved of his conduct
in raising the troops, with the exception of the
regiment of mounted gun-men.
Mr. "VVESTCOTT was opposed to the resolu-
tion, and would state a fact which had no little
weight in influencing that opposition. Although
censure was disclaimed by the mover of the reso-
lution, the effect would unquestionably amount to
censure. The people of his (Mr. W.'s) State
would not forget the fact to which he alluded. Di-
rectly after the Seminole war broke out, the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, being then at the
head of the War Department, General Gaines, act-
ing in the true spirit of the patriotic soldier, acted
precisely as he has done now. When Ins country
called him to the rescue, without waiting for leave
from the War Department, ho appealed to his fel-
low-citizens of Louisiana, raised eleven hundred
men, and, placing himself at their head, that old
veteran, with his knapsack on his back, marched
seventy miles on fool, through the swamps of
Florida, to render aid to the American army.
A SENATOR. Did the Government approve
of his conduct?
Mr. WESCOTT. Certainly, and the troops
commanded by General Persifer Smith, lately ap-
pointed colonel of the new regiment of mounted
riflemen, (under General Gaines.,) were paid by the
United States. Had General Taylor been defeated,
on the Rio Grande, General Gaines having remained
inactive, the latter would have been censured, and
censured deservedly. It was all very well for Sen-
ators, sitting two thousand miles and upwards
from the seat of war, to talk about the necessity of
formal orders from the War Department; but they
who lived on the frontier—they who have some
practical knowledge of these things—regard the
matter in a different and juwter light. Suppose a
foreign Government should now step foi ward to
the aid of Mexico; suppose that in carrying out
the principle announced in the French Chamber
by the Minister, that he would not suffer Mr. Polk
to take too large a slice of Mexico, that a fleet
.should be sent to our coast, and was hovering
about the Balize, or Pensacola, what would be
thought of the naval commander on that station
who would quietly wait till he heard from Mr. Sec-
retary Bancroft, or Mr. Secretary Marcy, and the
President, before he took upon himself the respon-
sibility of making any preparation to defend the
country from invasion? He (Mr. W.) had been
under the impression that there was an act of Con-
gress authorizing the commanders of military and
naval stations to call upon the Governors of the
States for aid in cases of emergency. He might
be in' error. He had looked for the act, but had
not been able to find it that morning.
Mr. WEBSTER remarked that General Gaines
had not called on the Governor of the State, but
had raised the troops on his own authority.
Mr. WESTCOTT proceeded. He had not been
able to find in the Constitution that the President
alone had the power to make requisitions for mili-
tia. It was Congress that had that power.
Mr. W. concluded by saying that he would not
vote for any resolution which, even by implication,
cast censure upon the gallant old veteran, who was
more beloved in the South and Southwest than any
other officer of the army.
59
Mr. WEBSTER again rose, arid said that he
was desirous only of being understood on this sub-
ject, both in point of law and fact, and would
commence his remarks by a renewed declaration
that he meant to pass no judgment on General
Gaines—none at all. So far as the transaction
now disclosed itself, it must be admitted that it
was extraordinary. He could hardly imagine that
General Gaines would be unable to show some
authority—some justification—some sanction for
his conduct, and he was very much the more in-
clined to entertain an opinion of that kind from
what had been suggested by the honorable Sena-
tor from Michigan when he last addressed the
Senate. The order which was the subject of the
remarks which that gentleman had submitted was
issued by General Gaines on the 20th of May,
calling out four or five regiments—an order not
addressed to the Governor of Louisiana or any
other State—no call for the militia of the States—
in short, no calling out of anybody properly speak-
ing, but an effort and attempt to enlist in the ser-
vice of the United States, for a term of six months,
these five regiments. That order, it was to be re-
membered, was dated at New Orleans after the
result of the battles 011 the Rio Grande must have
been there known. Hut that was not the point to
which he now wished to call the attention of the
Senate. It was snid that some previous call, made
in the same way by General Gaines, had received
the approval of the President of the United States,
and he (Mr. W.) would be very glad to be inform-
ed by the honorable Senator from Michigan whether
that were so or not?
Mr. CASS. The three first companies were re-
ceived by the Piesident—all that were culled out
before the 11th.
Mr. SEVIER observed that the President hod
approved of all the previous culls except that for
mounted j>un~mcn. The news of the battle reached
New Orleans about the 20th, and with that intelli-
gence came also the news that Paredes was ad-
vancing with an army of 15,000 men. General
Gaines, who had a sanction for ail that he had
previously done, with the cxccption of the call for
a particular class of troops, then attempted to raise
troops to meet the new emergency.
Mr. WEBSTER resumed his remarks. All
correct reasoning' (he said) must be based upon a
somewhat accurate statement of the facts. The
honorable member from Michigan had said that if
the IVcsidcnt of the United States had done that
which appeared to have been done by General
Gaines, he would deserve impeachment,and would
be impeached to-morrow. Now, he (Mr. W.)
wanted to know one thing. It was said that there
were some previous calls which had received the
approbation of the President of the United States.
Now, he wanted to be informed of the nature of
those cases. Wore they requisitions on Governors
of States for militia?
Mr. SEVIER replied in the negative.
Mr. WEBSTER. Well, if that were so, it did
certainly appear to him, that this fact gave an en-
tirely different complexion to the whole thing—an
entirely different complexion. If General Gaines,
on his own discretion, raised troops, and mustered
them into the service of the United Suites, without
authority of law, and without the previous direc-
tion of the President, and the President approved
his conduct subsequently, in those three instances,
what in the world was to be said when he did the
same thing in the fourth instance, and the Presi-
dent did not approve of it ? They were thus turn-
ed back to the source of this great irregularity; and
he was therefore not satisfied at all with the words
of the resolution then 011 the table. If the troops
had been called out illegally, they had been called
out illegally by the President, beyond all question.
What was it but a levying of troops for a pro-
visional army without authority of law? How
were these troops to be officered ? How were
they to be paid ? He repeated that it was a most
extraordinary position. He called 011 gentlemen
to look to it—to let them see that in this emergency
of a sudden war they did not suffer all provisions
of the Constitution, and all enactments of law, to
be set aside under a loose idea of an overwhelming
present necessity. He called on gentlemen to con-
sider that. If General Taylor found^ himself in a
position of danger, why was he put into it by the
Government? He went thereby orders. He went
where he was told to go, and were they now to say
that another General, with no more authority than
he (Mr. W.) or the honorable member from Ar-
kansas, should raise a military force and go to his
rescue, because the Government had not sagacity
enough,and foresight enough, and energy enough,
to piace him in security against sudden attack ?
Every development in this business—every stage
in the development, showed that it was a matter
well deserving of the most serious inquiry. If the
President of the United States, without authority
of law, accepted the services of these volunteers,
coming into the service of the United States, upon
nn basis but the requisition of a major general, he
had violated the law—he had put himself in the
category imagined by the honorable Senator from
Michigan. It was a very grave matter indeed—a
very grave matter.
He was willing that the resolution should pass.
But it did not go far enough. For one, he would
not be content until this matter had been sifted to
the bottom. He desired to know whether, under
the fog or smoke of a war which this country had
power enough to carry on till it accomplished all
just objects without any excessive authority, with-
out any violation of law, without any danger of
invasion upon principle or practice; whether, under
the smoke and noise created by these circumstances,
constitutional provisions and positive enactments
of law had been disregarded, and he was deter-
mined that it should be known. He had one
word to say to the honorable member from Flori-
da. There was no sort of difficulty in understand-
ing the Constitution and law in this matter. The
Constitution said—what? It said that the Presi-
dent should have power to call out the militia to
repel invasion, suppress insurrection, and execute
the law; a power had been conferred on Congress
to pass proper laws for carrying out the provisions
of the Constitution. Well, his friend from Flori-
da certainly remembered that it was not under that
naked power of the Constitution that the President
proceeded. At an early day Congress exercised
the authority thus conferred on them by the Con-
stitution, and passed a law—the law of 1795—
which he held m his hand, and which read as fol-
lows:
Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of America in Congress assembled, That
whenever the United 'States shall be invaded, or be in immi-
nent danger of invasion from any foreign nation or Indian
tribe, it shall be lawful for the President of the United States
to call forth such number of the militia of the State or States
most convenient to the place of danger, or scene of action,
as he may judge nece^aiy to repol such invasion, and to
issue his orders for that purpose to such officer or officers
of the militia as he shall think proper."
That was the act which provided for exercising,
on the part of the President, the power which
Congress was authorized to exercise by the Con-
stitution. Certainly it was in vain for them to dis-
pute there whether they should raise five regiments
or ten regiments—whether they should call out the
volunteers, as they were called, 50,000 or 100,000,
if the President himself, by-his own authority, or
through one of his military officers, could call out
just as many as he pleased, and if called out by
another in any number, could receive them into
the service of the United States. As he said, he
would make no opposition to the resolution. He
was rather inclined to let it pass. When General
Gaines came to Washington, he (Mr. W.) would
desire to know whether the call, so much com-
plained of, had been made just exactly as those
which received approbation. If General Gaines
could say so, the whole affair would assume a new
aspect.
Mr. HOUSTON regretted that the debate had
taken such a discursive range. He would not pro-
tract it. He did not think the subject of the reso-
lution was a proper subject of discussion there.
It was matter for a court-martial. He could not
believe but that General Gaines acted in a spirit of
