980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
proper devotion to his country, and it was not
likely that he would commit an error except by ac-
cident. When the call was made, it was simulta-
neous with the report that Parcdes was advancing
with a great force. Detached as he was, the Gen-
eral may have violated the rules ot war. Butcould
he have waited till Congress acted ? No. His duty
was clear in the emergency. As the lieutenant
of the Executive, he had an undoubted right to
make the requisition. If he was satisfied that the
emergency required it, it was his duty to act as he
had done. Even if he had transcended bis orders,
the action of the Government subsequently in ap-
proving what he had done, made it legal, of course.
But till the facts were before the body, it was not
proper to be going into idle speculation or discus-
sion of the matter. It was not just or necessary
to arraign officers before that bocly until they had
full possession of all the facts. He could not be-
lieve that General Gaines had acted in any man-
ner inconsistent with patriotism and honor. In
voting 011 the resolution, he did not conceive that
he impugned the conduct of General Gaines. The
purest motives, ho was confident, had actuated that
officer. He had felt all the southern excitement
against the insidious character of the Mexicans. It
was only fair to judge General Gaines according to
the circumstances in which he was placed. He
(Mr. H.) deprecatcd any judgment in the case in
advance of proper investigation. General Gaines
had always been for his country, ready at any time
to sacrifice his life in its defence. 1 ill he stood
convicted of some criminal design, he (Mr. II.)
would always be prepared to excuse if not to com-
mend General Gaines. If the troops had been
called out to repel invasion, direct or feared, he was
ready to stand by him who called them out, no
matter who he was. As to whether the Executive
transcended his powers in sending troops to the
Rio Grande, that was a question to be discussed in
its proper place. Of one tiling lie was well as-
sured, that no compromise short of the Rio Grande
would stand.
Mr. MANGUM could not vote for the resolu-
tion. It could have only two objects—one, the
prevention of any illegal requisitions for troops;
the other, to censure General Gaines. As to the
former, the law was complete already; and the pro-
vision of the House bill would render it still more
effectual. As to the other object, he was entirely
opposed to it. The whole country would pro-
nounce a verdict in favor of the individual now
sought, it would appear, to be made a victim.
General Gaines was not responsible to Congress.
He was responsible to the Executive ; and, us had
been properly remarked by the Senator from Tex-
as, he ought to be dealt with by a court-martial.
Let them look into the matter in view of General
Gaines's responsibility to military law. If the Ex-
ecutive had approved of part of his conduct—of
one act—how could he call him to account for
another act of the same character? They had
been blowing hot anil cold, all the time, on this
Mexican question. Suppose that the struggle had
been protractcd, and these troops—irrcgulaily
called out as they may have been, (he pronounced
no opinion on that point)—had come in the nick
of time, and saved the honor of the country, where,
then, would have been heard a murmur of dis-
satisfaction with the conduct of General Gaines ?
Had the rumor which impelled General Gaines to
act turned out to be true, and that officer had re-
mained silent and inactive—the army overwhelm-
ed—every man in America grieving for our dis-
honor—would not the indignation of the nation
have burned against Geneial Gaines with a fury
greater even than that of his most violent enemy ?
He (Mr. M.) could well conceive cases where
there is a law of necessity exercising irregularity
in the mode of meeting the urgent danger. If
General Gaines was culpable—if the President
was himself involved in that culpability—he (Mr.
M.) must be satisfied that that law of necessity
did not exist before he could cast censure on any
one. At the proper time, if there was any neces-
sity for the interference of Congress, he doubted
not there would be a communication from the Ex-
ecutive. He trusted that the resolution did not
come from the Executive, but from the sense of
what was proper in the bosom of the Senator from
Michigan himself.
Mr. BAGBY said, that with regard to the milita-
ry character of General Gaines, it was confessedly
beyond the reach of time or accident. The only
question was as to the propriety of his course in
calling for these troops. General Gaines had been
officially informed that the entire control of the op-
erations of the army on the Rio Grande had been
given to General Taylor, and that he was to refrain
from all interference with it; and that was done
without the slightest derogation from the character
of General Gaines. The Senator from Massachu-
setts had intimated his design to have this matter
probed to the bottom. "When it was so probed, it
would be found that General Taylor had been in-
trusted with the entire conduct of the war. As to
the approval of some of the acts of General Gaines,
he, (Mr. B.,) as one of the representatives of the
State which first responded to the call, had been at
some pams to ascertain the facts. One company
was near the seat of war before the news came to
the departments; but it had been raised under a
requisition on the Governor. It could not for a
moment be supposed that the mover of the resolu-
tion entertained any unworthy motive in seeking
this inquiry. That was entirely impossible. It
had been solemnly disclaimed. He himself (Mr.
B.) had the honor of being numbered amongst the
personal friends of General Gaines. But whilst he
entertained the most profound respect for that brave
and patriotic man, he still felt it to be his duty to
second this inquiry into this call for volunteers,
hoping that some legislation would follow to pre-
vent in future any abuse of military authority.
Mr. ARCHER was amazed at the course pur-
sued on this resolution. Was this a question
whether a military officer of the United States sent
relief to a portion of the army on the frontier ? No.
On the very spot—the very scone of danger—was
an officer clothed with full authority to act. Gen-
eral Gaines had not even made a requisition on the
Executives of the States. He had raised an army
on his own hook. He had called out troops on his
own authority, when the Governor of the State was
within a few yards of him. Therefore, it was in
view of this unparalleled outrage oil the laws—this
exercise of the power of an autocrat, that he (Mr.
A.) was astonished at the tenderness with which
the subject had been handled on both sides of the
House. It was said that the time was not ripe for
discussion, and yet these gentlemen thus speaking
had gone as fully as possible into the vindication
of this military officer. No man could mistake
the motives of the opposition to the resolution.
The Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Sevier] had gone
still farther,and had made an amendment altogether
irrelevant—hearing just as much on the resolution
as on the Oregon question. He would ask if that
proposition was fit to be submitted by a Senator
of the United States ? He (Mr. A.) hail been anx-
ious to find excuses for the conduct of General
Gaines. He had been willing to avoid this dis-
cussion; but others had a different notion of what
was fair, and reasonable, and just. It was prepos-
terous to suppose, as some had argued, that the
Senate of the United States should not exercise in
this case its authority as the guardian of the Con-
stitution and laws. Could' General Gaines be vin-
dicated wilhout the passage of some such resolu-
tion? And, for fear of touching General Gaines's
military reputation, were they to be dumb as legis-
lators and deaf as patriots ' Were they to refrain
from sifting that weightier matter alluded to by
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster ?]
To his inexpressible astonishment, a friend near
him [Mr. Mangcm] had desired to lay the resolu-
tion on the table, and thus stifle all inquiry.
Mr. MANGUM entirely disclaimed any such
an idea. He had again and again said that he
considered the matter as now the subject of inquiry
by the Executive. He had expressed his willing-
ness that the resolution he laid on the table.
Mr. ARCHER thought that that was equivalent
to stifling inquiry. What, after all, was the enor-
mous result to which this doctrine went? One
Senator [Mr. Houston] announced that success
in this war was to be a mantle for everything.
Therefore, no sort of inquiry was to be had into
the breach of the laws and usurpation of the Con-
stitution. He (Mr. A.) was as proud as any one
of the glory of the American arms; but if victory
was to reap for their generals exemption from the
criminality of a violation of the laws, his rejoicing
would be turned into a widely different feeling.
He hoped the resolution would pass. The facts
must go—they should go—to the people of tho
United States.
Mr. SEVIER, replied to the Senator from Vir-
ginia, who last spoke. He contended that the sole
object of the resolution was to censure an officer
who had done his duty to his country. It was
true that General Gaines had not been permitted
to command the forces in his own district. All
knew that; and lest General Gaines, the superior
officer, should interfere, he receives official notice
to desist from any control of the operations of the
army on the Rio Grande. Well, he submitted.
General Taylor was clothed with authority- to call
for militia; but, underrating the strength of the
enemy, refrained from exercising it, till he was
surrounded, and his supplies cut off. Then he
called for help. And yet, at a crisis like that,-they
were talking about the fear of obtaining the assist-
ance so much needed. But a gallant officer, who
had gone through two wars, and had received the
thanks of Congress, and wore a sword, the gift of
a grateful nation, promptly stepped forward and
did simply what his duty and the exigency de-
manded. And for this he was to be censured.
He raised the troops. "What he did was in part
approved of. A portion of this force, thus raised,
reached Point Isabel in time to render succor to
the army. And for that, General Gaines was to
be censured ! If the resolution had any other ob-
ject, he could not see it, and it had not yet been
pointed out. Mr. S. then went on to defend the
propriety of his amendment, which had been as-
sailed by the Senator from Virginia. If General
Gaines was to be overhauled, he (Mr. S.) thought
that it was only fair to examine into the conduct
of his superior officer. He had heard of a letter
to the War Department from General Scott, and
he desired to know something of that correspond-
ence.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON here asked, if the Sena-
tor would accept the following modification of his
amendment; which was read by the Secretary:
"And with a copy of any letter or letters writ-
ten by General Scott to General Taylor, by the
direction or with the knowledge of the Secretary
of War.
" And that the President also be requested to
further inform the Sfenate whether any order was
at any time given by the President or Secretary of
War to General Scott, to proceed to -the Rio
Grande, or to take the command of the army; and
if so, to communicate a copy of that order; and
whether he has not been daily engaged in the dis-
charge of indispensable duties at Washington,
under the direction, and by the expressed wishes,
of the Secretary of War, and how he has been
engaged; and whether General Scott, has not ten-
dered himself to the Department of War as ready
and willing to take the command of the army to
prosecute the war against Mexico, whenever the
President should require his services; and whether
he has not asked that command as due to him from
his rank in the armv."
Mr. SEVIER. 1 accept it with great pleasure.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, remarked, that
General Gaines had called out the militia of Lou-
isiana with the approbation of the Governor of
that State, as expressed at a public meeting."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, was opposed to
the original resolution. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts had desired information with respect to
the order of the 20th May, and he (Mr. J.) would
desire to furnish it. The order which had origi-
nated the proposed inquiry was dated the 20th
May, and its substance, as found in a statement
handed him by the Senator from -Michigan—who
probably had obtained it from the department—
[Mr. CASS. "Certainly."]—was as follows. The
Senator from Massachusetts desired to know if
that had been sanctioned by the President. [Mr.
Johnson then read from the letter from the War
Department, stating that the call for volunteers,
with the exception of the mounted gon-men had
been approved.] The act of 1795 authorized the
President, in the event of invasion, to call on the
Executives of the States, for such aid as was ne-
cessary. Now there was no clause there authori-
zing the President to delegate that power. So far
as General Gaines was concerned, when he made
the call of the 20th May, he had received no com-
munication expressive of disapprobation of what
he had done. The letter from the department was
dated the 18th, only two days before, and could
not have reached him till seven or eight days after-
wards. He exercised a powex which he had ex-
ercised man honest discretion on formeroecasions,
for instance dtuing the Seminole war, when the
