1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
031
Senator from Michigan was, if he (Mr. J.) recol
lected aright, at the fiead of the War Department.
Was he censured then ? And had he not done
the same thing in 1842, when Texas was invaded ?
Yes—and was he censured then ? Just as it was
proposed to censure him now, by saying that he
had acted irregularly, but the troops called out by
him were taken into the service and paid by the
United States. It was a very easy thing to form
a. °.00' judgment after the fact has occurred. The
tidings of the victories of the 8th and 9th of May
■came upon some, in that chamber with unexpected
delight. The whole Union beat with anxious ex-
pectation of the fate of their army. Men high in
authority conceived that there was imminent dan-
ger, even after these victories; at all events, before.
If General Gaines had had the means to send re-
lief to General Taylor then, and had not sent it,
and the army had been cut up, all would have
been indignant in the extreme, and the Senator
from Michigan, acting under a, right impulse,
would have been among the first to call him to ac-
count. Self-defcnce was the first law of nature.
In conflict with a foreign Power, the nation was
as one man. Force, in such cases, was employed
in spite of law—instinctively. With entire respect,
he would state that the amendment of the Senator
from Arkansas was quite irrelevant. It assumed
that there had been certain correspondence. Why
should they step in and exercise in advancc the
functions of the Executive? This call for inquiry
was made at the instance of the Senator from Mi-
chigan himself alone. What was its ostensible
object ? To prevent the muster of men without
authority. But that could not be effected by the
resolution. The act was either officer-like or un-
officer-like. It was for the Executive to order a
court-martial in such a ease. But the Executive
had sanctioned the acts in question ! Gen. Gaines
would say to the court-martial: " I did the same
thing in 1836, in 1842—sanctioned by the Presi-
dent—sanctioned by the War Department—sanc-
tioned by Congress. And in this very letter dis-
approving of one of my orders, the others are
sanctioned !" In what an awkward predicament,
then, would the Executive be placed if General
Gaines were on trial before a court-martial ? He
<lid not want to step in between the Secretary
and President, and this Major Ueneral. Let them
settle the matter if they had anything to settle.
How did the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Archer]
lenow that the President would not order a court-
martial ?
Mr. ARCHER. He has not done so.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that a proof that ho will
not. As to the correspondence referred to between
General Scott and the Department, ithadbcen said
in the newspapers that there was an angry corre-
spondence going on; but he did not know anything
bfthat. But was it designed to legislate General
Sccitt out of office ? Was it intended to teach him
how to conduct his correspondence ? Was he to be
instructed to write only in honied sentences ? ^ If
General Scott had actcd wrongly, let the Executive
rail him to account. The President must assume
that responsibility. He (Mr. J.) would leave the
whole matter in the hands of the Executive.
Mr. WEBSTER followed. He dissented from
the broad ground taken by the last speaker in de-
fence of everything done merely because war ex-
isted- He did not suppose that in the history of
free government, from the earliest time down to that
memorable hour when Washington was called on
to assume military authority for the public good,
that that power was ever given except for the de-
fence and security of the general weal. He felt
convinced that his friend, who was a good lawyer,
would, on reflection, reverse his opinion. Under the
Constitution which so sedulously guarded against
military power—which everywhere exhibited such
dread of it—they could raise armies, but had nothing
to do with the militia, except in cases of invasion
or insurrection, or to aid in the execution of the
law. And was the whole sum of it only this—
that the Constitution and laws are to be only a gen-
eral rule, and that above that there is another and
paramount law ? He was sure that the Senator
did not mean to assert such a principle.
Mr. ARCHER, He has asserted it very often
in the course of his speech.
Mr. WEBSTER. Sir?
Mr. ARCHER. He has asserted it very often
in his spcech.
Mr. WEBSTER. If he had not, I should not
have felt constrained to make these remarks. Mr.
W. then went on to refute the argument of the
Senator from Maryland. He rejoiced in the suc-
cesses of the American arms. But such successes
might be too dearly bought. Military glory was
valuable only when it was achieved under the Con-
stitution and laws. He had no applause to bestow
on victories gained above the law. Their own
rights and liberties were to be protected. That
protection was infinitely more valuable than the
successful issue of any battle. A hundred men
might be found able to repair the disasters of a de-
feated army; but who was he, if they suffered the
great fundamental principles of civil liberty to be
thrown down, who was he who should rebuild
them? After some additional remarks, the honor-
able Senator concluded by pointing out the evil
consequences which might have resulted from this
unauthorized call. Had the General been a young-
er and more ambitious man, instead of sending the
troops, he would have led them; and, instead of
leading them to the theatre of war, he might have
taken them whither his own ambition directed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, rose to reply.
. Mr. ARCHER. Will the gentleman stand a
little further back ? I wish to hear him distinctly.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does the Senator desire to
reply to me?
Mr. ARCHER. I do.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, then, you had better
proceed now.
Mr. ARCHER. I shall.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then to give you an oppor-
tunity, and as I desire to respond, I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was put, and negatived.
Mr. ARCHER then signified that he waived his
right of reply.
Mr. JOHNSON proceeded to reply to the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts. He alleged that there
were eases ill which the Constitution and laws were
necessarily silent. Did the Senator deny that?
Mr. WEBSTER. Yes, I do.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then we arc at issue.
Mr. WEBSTER. State your case, and I will
reply.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, then, suppose that the
army of the, United States was in danger of being
overwhelmed by a vastly superior foice, would it
not be the duty of a Genentl in the position of Gen-
e.ial Gaines to fly to its aid? Would the Senator
himself not have gone to the aid of the army?
Mr. WEBSTER. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. 'Under what law ?
Mr. WEBSTER. The law of duty.
Mr. JOHNSON. Ah! under the same law Gen-
eral Gaines acted.
Mr. WEBSTER. Not at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why not?
Mr. WEBSTER. Proceed, and I will answer
you.
Mr. JOHNSON then went on to defend his posi-
tion.
Mr. WEBSTER replied. There was no analogy
whatever between the ease of an individual citizen
rushing to the scene of danger and that of a general
of the army ordering troops to be raised. He
(Mr. W.) stated that he would have gone to the
aid of the army in a supposed case. And he was
always ready to go as far as the farthest, and
stand as long as the most stable in the defence of
the country. But a voluntary act of individual
patriotism, and the act of a major general in order-
ing troops without authority, were two different
things. Mr. W. reiterated the strong points of
his argument, and concluded by saying that he
had not expected that at a time of perfect internal
quiet—a quiet not at all endangered by a state of
war—with an overflowing treasury—-with a popu-
lar President commanding large majorities ill both
Houses—with no opposition to the Executive—
with not a single individual hardly, certainly with
no numbers, withholding any means—with every-
body voting just for what was required, as much
money and as many men—voting in an hour ail
that the Executive called for—he did not expect
that with such a state of things, and at that period
of their history, to hear in that Senate military
transactions justified on the ground that they were
demanded by urgent temporary necessity, admitted
as they hfid been, to be without any color of law.
Mr. ARCHER said that he would not make
any reply to the remarks of the Senator from Mary-
land, in consideration of the fact that he had been
already prostrated beneath his (Mr. A.'s) feet by
a blow from another quarter, pie had only to sub-
mit the following amendment:
Strike out all after the word " law," in the 7th
line, and insert as follows :
" Whether any and what measures have been
' adopted by the President or the Secretary of
' War, or any other authority, under his direction,
' in relation to such officer, or the troops so called
* into service."
Mr. CASS then accepted this amendment as a
modification of the resolution. .
Mr. ALLEN inquired whether the order giving
to General Taylor the control of the operations of
the army, which had been alluded to by the Sen-
ator from Alabama, [Mr. Bagby,] had been com-
municated by the department to General Gaines?
Mr. BAGBY replied that he understood it had
on the 28th of August, 1845.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he did not rise to ex-
press any opinion on the subject under considera-
tion. The opinions delivered liere were premature.
This was simply a resolution of inquiry; and they
would consult the forms of decency, justice, and
propriety, by waiting for the information for which
they asked, before delivering any opinions on the
cases referred to. It has been said that General
Taylor had been enabled to meet and conquer the
enemy by being reinforced with a part of the
troops called out by General Gaines. Pie (Mr.
C.) denied it. " Honor to whom honor is due."
The brave little army under General Taylor de-
served, and should have all the honor. Our glo-
rious little army had won all the glory, and they
should enjoy it. It had been stated that General
Taylor was once ill imminent danger of being at-
tacked and destroyed by those terrible Mexicans !
He (Mr. C.) never entertained such an idea for
a single moment. He never believed that General
Tayl or was in the least danger. He knew the man;
and from that knowledge he felt assured that when-
ever he [General T.] thought it necessary, he would
drive the enemy across the Rio Grande, whip them,
and take Matamoros. All honor and glory, then,
be to the brave little army who had covered them-
selves with glory. The Senator from Arkansas,
[Mr. Sevier,] had praised General Gaines. He
(Mr. C.) would cast no blame upon General Gaines
prematurely. No one would rejoice more to see
him fully vindicated. But while defending one
brave soldier, he regretted that the honorable Sen-
ator had indulged in insinuations against another
distinguished soldier. Why was it necessary to
insinuate that the distinguished General men-
tioned in the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor had shunned the field of danger by idling
his time away from that field to which his coun-
try called him ? He denied that there was any
foundation for those charges. No, Mr. President,
a braver soldier never met an enemy. He was no
idler. Pie never shunned danger. How could
General Scott have rushed to the scene of war?
He was not ordered there, and it was his duty to
wait for orders. How, then, could he have gone
to the scene of action without being ordered, unless
influenced by one of those impulses of patriotism
which were referred to by the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Johnson]—who would pardon him for
this allusion—he had rushed off to the field of bat-
tle under a sense of necessity, without law or or-
ders, and had thus reached the Rio Grande? Has
he not given every evidence that lie was ready and
willing to serve his country in any place which the
Government might assign him? But he would make
no comparison between these two brave soldiers.
They were both patriotic, brave, and tried sol-
diers. As far as honors go—as far as public
thanks and other marks of public approval go—
what had not General Scott received for his long-
tried and patriotic services to the country ? Jus-
tice and patriotism, under the laws and Consti-
tution, ever characterized his course of conduct.
Whatever the result might be of these investiga-
tions, he trusted that no temporary ebullition would
make them forget that they lived under a Govern-
ment of law, and under a Constitution. It had
been said that the laws and Constitution are some-
times silent. No, no, the Constitution never sleeps.
It is dead when it sleeps. It is still awake day and
night, and so may it.be forever! He believed that the
thanks of the Senate were due to the Senator from
Michigan for bringing this matter before them. He
intended no censure. The resolutions were made
for the purpose of obtaining necessary information.
