9U
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
Government up to this date, with a copy of each ;
application; and also the number ot applications j
which have been made for a refunding of purchase
money; and also what amount of purchase money
has been refunded upon entries made within the
limits of the Houmas land claim since the issuing
of the patents on the 12th of August, 1844, and the
number of acres upon which the purchase money
has been refunded.
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States.]
FRENCH SPOLIATION CLAIMS.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Mary land, the
Senate resumed the consideration of the " bill to
provide for the ascertainment of claims of Ameri-
can citizens for spoliations prior to the 31st day of
July, 1801," when the several amendments here-
tofore submitted to said bill were agreed to.
The question being then upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed for a thiid reading,
Mr. COLGlUITT and Mr. McDUFFIE earnest-
ly opposed the bill.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON exhorted the friends of the
bill to stand by it, and cast their votes in its favor.
Mr. ASHLEY, Mr. SEVIER, and Mr. 11AG-
BY, severally stated that they should vote for the
bill in obedience to instructions.
The yeas and nays, having heretofore been or-
dered, were then called, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aicher, Ashley, Bagby, Borrow, Ben ion,
Thomas Clayton, John M. Cl.i>tou. Corwiti, Ci ittonden,
Davis, Dayton, Greene, Houston, lluutmgton, Jarnagin,
Johnson of Maryland, Johnson ot Louisiana, Miller, Morc-
head, Nile:*, Pearce, Sevier, Simmons, Stuigeon, Uphum,
Wrstrott, iiiui Wooilbi'iciirc—07.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atheiton, Bieese,
Bright, Calhoun, Ca^-s, Chalmer^, Colquitt, Dickinson,
Haywood, Jeuness, Lewis, MeDuflio, Mangum, Pennybaek-
er, Rusk, Speight, Turnoy, and Yulee—21.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
RIGHT OF SEARCH.
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate, the correspondence between
Great Britain and the United 'States in relation to
the right of search, which took placc from 1840 to
1843 inclusive; also a copy of the protest by Mr.
Cass, against the Quintuple treaty, when he was
Minister in France, and the coi respondent in ic-
lation to the same, was read and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CASS stated that the documents just or-
dered to be printed were very important, and
moved that an additional number of copies be
printed.
Objection being made, the motion lies over.
l'OST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, the Senate resumed
the considcnttion of the bill making appropriations
for the service of the Post Oilire Depai Iment for the
year ending June 30, 1847, the question pending
being on an amendment by Mr. L. providing for
the establishment of a line of magnetic telegraph
from Athmta, in Georgia, to Montgomery, in Ala-
bama, and thence to Mobile, and appropriating
$50,000 therefor.
Senators .TARN AG IN, WESTCOTT, HAY-
WOOD, DICKINSON, and CALHOUN, each
opposed the amendment-, when
Mi. LEWIS withdrew his amendment, and sub-
mitted an amendment to he added to the fnst sec-
tion of the bill providing an appropriation of$H,50()
for the publication of Id,000 copies of the table oi
post offices, laws, and regulations of the depart-
ment, (fee ; which was agreed to.
Mr. JMILES submitted an amendment pro\ iding
an appropriation of $\T>,UOO for mail transpoi tuiiou
by steam between New York and Liverpool, pend-
ing the discussion of which, a motion to adjourn
was made, hut withdrawn again at the request of
Mr. MANGUM, who gave notice of Ins inten-
tion, during the coming week, to propound certain
interrogatories to the chairman of the Committee
on Finance in relation to the amount of revenue on
hand, the amounts likely to accrue, &c.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 6, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday (having been read in
part only) was approved.
The SPEAKER announced the business first in
order to he the bills on the Speaker's table, report-
ed yesterday from the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BOWLIN, on leave given, from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, to which was re-
ferred the bill from the Senate entitled 44 An act
providing for the adjustment of all suspended pre-
emption land claims in the several States and Ter-
ritories," reported the same without amendment;
and after an unsuccessful effort by Mr. B. to have
it put on its third reading, was committed.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the Senate entitled u An
act to amend the act approved June 17, 1844, enti-
tled an act to provide for the adjustment of land
claims within the States of Missouri, Arkansas,
and Louisiana, and those parts of the States of
Mississippi and Alabama south of the 31st degree
of north latitude, and between, the Mississippi and
Pcrdido rivers," reported the same without amend-
ment; which was committed.
Mr. W1NTLTROP, by leave, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, reported a bill to provide
for the distribution of the edition of the Laws and
Treaties of the United States, published by Little
it Biown, under the provisions of the lesolution of
Congress approved March 3, 1845, and for other
purposes; winch was read twice, and remains on
the Speaker's table.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL asked leave to
make a report. Objected to.
Mr. G. DAVIS (leave having been denied)
moved that the rules be suspended to enable him to
oiler the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Societary of State, Secretary
of the Tieasury, Secretary of the Navy, Secretary
of War, and the Postmaster Geneial, respectively
inform this House whether the job printing and
binding of their respective departments have been
let to the lowest bidder in conformity to law.
Mr. O. asked the yeas and nays; which were
ordered, and, being taken, were—yeas 72, nays (J6.
So two-thirds not voting in the allumativc, the
rules were not suspended.
Some conversation took place, in continuation
of that commenced yesterday, in relation to the
appointment of certain members on the Committee
on Military Affairs m the placc of Mr. Yull and
Mr. Hakkr.
The result was that these gentlemen were ex-
cused from service, and other membeis ordered to
be appointed in their pieces.
Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL and Mr. LEAKE
made ineffectual efforts to introduce reports.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
pmate bills reported from the Committee of the
Whole 1 ] ouse yesterday.
The bill nuking compensation to the heirs of
Gcmgo Duvull, a Cherokee Indian, for property
taken fiom him or destroyed by citizens of the
United States, was first taken up, and read the
third time and passed.
The. hill to pay the heirs of Doctor John Gray,
late of the State of Maryland, deceased, for prop-
erty destroyed by the British forces in the war of
came up, and was opposed by Messrs. DA-
NIEL and RATHIHJN, and advocated by Mr.
GILES.
Mr. HAMLIN, for the benefit of the many bills
which lay behind this, and which might be much
delayed if the debate on this bill weie further con-
tinued, moved the previous question. It was sec-
onded, uud, under its operation, the question was
pm, Shall the bill be engrossed and read a third
tune?
And passed in the affirmative.
The bill wos then read the third time; and the
question on its passage was taken by yeas and
unys, and passed in the affirmative: Yeas 80, nays
73.
>So the bill was passed.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON asked leave to in-
troduce a concurrent resolution,directing the Pres-
ident of the Senate dial the Speaker of the House
of Repiefeontatives to close the ptesent session of
Congress by an adjournment of their respective
Houses on Monday, the 20th day of July, at two
o'clock, P. M.
Jt was objected to.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to suspend the rules.
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and
decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Qminey Adams, Bamnser,
Bell, James Black, JBlanchard, Brodhead, Milton Brown,
Buflington, William W. Campbell, JohnH. Campbell, Cath-
cart, John G. Chapman, Clarke, Cocke, Cranston, Crosier,
Cummins, Darragh, Garrett Davis, John H. Ewmg, Edwin
II. Ewmg, Foot, Foster, Garvin, Gentry, Giddings, Giles,
Gialid.ui, Gnder, Hampton, Harper, Henley, Herrick, Elias
B. Holmes, Samuel D Hubbard, Hudson, Hungerford, Wash-
ington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, James H. Johnson, Audrcw Johnson, George W.
Jones, I)aniei P. King, Preston King, Lewis, Levin, Long,
MeClean, McClelland, Joseph J. McDowell, McGaughey,
Norris, Pendleton, Pollock, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rock-
well, Root, Runk, Sawyer, Schenck, Seaman, Severance,
Truman Smith, Albort Smith, C. B. Smith, Robert Smith,
Stevens, Stewart, St. John, Strohm, Thibodefiux, Thomas-
son, Benjamin Thompson, James Thompson, Tibbatts, Til-
den, Toombs, Trumbo, Vinton, Winthrop, Woodworth,
Wright. Young, and Yost—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Bedinger, Biggs, Jas. A. Black,
Bowlm, Bovd, Brinkeihoff, Buit, Augustus A. Chapman, R.
Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Cobb,Collin, Cullom, Cunuing-
ham, Daniel, Dargan, Jefferson Davis, Dillingham, Drom-
goole, Durdap, Ellsworth, Fiekhn, Fries, Gordon, Grovei,
Ilaniltn, Haralson, Harmanson, ililliard, Hoge, Hopkins,,
George S. Houston,, Edmund W. Hubaid, Hunter, Seaborn
Joik«5, Kaufman, Leake, Leib, La Sere, Lumpkin, Maelay,
MeConnell, IVIcCrate, James McDowell, McKay, Marsh,
Batkley Mat tin, Morris, Owen, Payne, Rathbun, Reid, Relfc,.
Klielt, Roberts, Sawtelle, Seammon, Leonard H. Sims, Simp-
sou, Thomas Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Sykes, Jacob
Thompson, Towns, Trcdwaj, Wcntworth, Wheaton, Wick,
Williams, Wilmofc, and Woodward—74.
Not two-thirds.
Mr. BOYD asked leave to make a motion that
hereafter the House meet at ten o'clock m the fore-
noon. ft was objected to.
Mr. BOYD moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. COLLAMER moved to amend the resolu-
tion by adding " and adjourn at four o'clock P.
M."
The SPEAKER said the motion to amend
would be in order if the rules were suspended.
The question on suspending- was taken by
yeas and nays, and there were, for suspending 111,
against it 64.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved that when the
House adjourns to-day it will adjourn to meet at
ten o'clock on Monday next.
This was agreed to.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain William Smallwood Tillard came up.
This bill was reported from the Committee of
the Whole, with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
Mr. BARRINGER inquired if the case of Cap-
tain Tillard was not similar, in all its principal
features, to that of Doctor John Gray, whose bill
had just passed.
Mr. CONSTABLE said the cases were similar„
or nearly so; if there was any difference, that of
Captain Tillard 5s heirs was the strongest.
The Speaker put the question, Shall the bill be
rejected?
And it passed in the affirmative.
At a subsequent period of to-day's session, Mr.
PAYNE moved to reconsider the vote,which re-
jected this bill; and the consideration of the mo-
tion was postponed for the present.
The bill to release John Stockton, late a lieu-
tenant in the army of the United States, from a
judgment, with]the costs thereon, recovered against
him by the United States, came up and was read.
When this bill was last before the House, a
motion was made to Strike out the word " costs,"
so as to remit the judgment but not the costs;
which motion was negatived.
Mr. BOYD now moved to reconsider the vote
refusing to strike out the word " costs.'*
Carried.
And the question recurred on striking Out that
word.
The report of the committee setting forth the
facts in the ease was read at the instance of Mr.
Born.
And the question on the amendment was put
and carried.
And the bill was then read the third time, and
passed as amended.
The bill granting a pension to Oris Crosby was
read.
Mr. HUNGERFORD said Mr. Crosby was an
American, residing in Canada in the war of 1812
with Great Britain, and continued to reside there
during the war, and received some injury from a
British officer for refusing to take up arms against
the United States, for which it was now proposed
to give him a pension. He moved that the bill be
postponed indefinitely.
