1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
935
Mr. DOUGLASS opposed the motion, and said
the case was as meritorious a one as ever came
before the House.
The question was put, and no quorum voted.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved a call of the House.
Negatived: Ayes 36, noes 91.
Mr. BOYD moved that the bill lie on the table.
Ayes 60, noes 50. No quorum—(many members
in the HaJl who did not vote.)
The question was again put, and it was decided
by yeas and nays—71 to 75. A large quorum.
And so the bill was not laid on the table.
•The question was then taken on the indefinite
postponement, on which a quorum did not vote.
. Mr. COBB moved a call of the House. Nega-
tived. •
Mr. WOOD WORTH said, as a quorum could
not be had to- vote, there was no use of remaining
here, and he would move to adjourn. His motion
was negatived.
And the question was again put on the post-
ponement of the bill, on which a quorum now vo-
ted, and the question was lost.
xhe bill was then read the third time; and the
question on its passage was taken by yeas and
nays, and it passed in the affirmative: Yeas 74,
nays 58.
The bill granting a pension to Elijah C. Babbitt
was read the third time and passed.
• t('pay John Wing any arrears of pen-
sion due to Dorothy Tor rill, deceased, came up in
order.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved to lay it on the
table.
At the suggestion of Mr. THURMAN, who
said he (lid not see in his place the gentleman who
reported the bill, it was passed over informally for
the present.
The bill granting a pension to John Porter was
read.
, ^Mr. HUNGERFORD said Mr. Porter had been
injured in the revenue marine service—a service
which he believed was not recognised by the pen-
sion laws, and if this bill passed it would be cre-
ating a new class of pensioners.
The question was put that the bill be engrossed
and read a third time, and decided in the negative.
And so it was rejected.
The bill granting arrears of pension to Isaiah
Parker was read the third time.
Mr. RATHBUN opposed it, and it was de-
fended by Mr. BELL; and the question was put,
Shall it pass ?
And passed in the affirmative.
The bill to pay Samuel D. Enochs for a mare,
which ran off while in the public servicc many
years ago, and has never since been heard of, was
read the third time. [Much merriment on the
reading of the M1J
Mr. MeOONJNELL moved that it be laid on the
table.
Many voices: "Oh, no; let us pay for the mare
that ran off and has never been heard of."
The motion to lay not being pressed—■
The SPEAKER put the question on the passage
of the bill, and it somewhat appeared, from the
sound of the response ay and no, that it was about
to be lost, when—
Mr. DANIEL said he felt bound to say a few
words on the case, which he thought a very good
one. He stated the facts and caused the papers to
be read.
And the question was again put, Shall the bill
pass? And passed in'theaffirmative.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES moved an adjourn-
ment. Negatived.
The bill to refund to N. & L. Dana & Co. the
duty paid on a quantity of salt, imported into the
United States from St. TTbes in 183], and destroyed
by an extraordinary rising of the tide on the night
it was landed from the ship, next came up; and,
on the question, Shall it be engrossed? a quorum
did not vote.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES again moved an ad-
journment. Negatived.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved a call of the House.
Negatived.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES renewed the motion
to adjourn. Negatived.
The question was then again put on the en-
grossment and third reading of the bill; and there
were, ayes 88, noes 23; no quorum—two more
wanting. A new count was demanded.
Whereupon the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, .Time 8,1846.
Mr. BAGBY presented an additional document
in relation to the claim of Jacob Housman; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House had
passed sundry private bills.]
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate the re-
port of the expedition led by Lieutenant Abert on
the Upper Arkansas, and through the country of
the Comanche Indians, in the fall of the year 1845.
Mr. WOODBR1DGE presented the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the Senate whether any
measures have been taken to carry into effect the
second and sixth articles of the treaty with the
Chippewa Indians, entered into at La Pointe on
the 4th day of October, 1842, so far as the same
relates to the removal of those Indians from the
mineral lands of Lake Superior, and whether any,
and what suitable country lias been, or is intended
to be, provided for the future residence of those
Indians.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported baelc the independent treasury bill, with
sundry amendments.
[The amendments are numerous, and could not
be very well understood by the reader unless giv-
en in connexion with the original bill. The spe-
cie clause is not to take efi'cct until the 1st Janua-
ry, 1847, and another allows all disbursing officers
having at present credits in banks to check on the
same until the Istof January next, giving the pub-
lic creditors the option to reccivc the pay from the
banks in specie or notes.]
The House bill for the relief" of the heirs of Dr.
John Gray, deceased, was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
Tiie House bit! granting a pension to Orris Cros-
by was read a first, and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
The House bill for the relief of John Stockton,
late, a lieutenant ill the United States army, was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The House bill granting a pension to Elijah C.
Babbitt, was read a first and second time, iuid re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The House bill for the relief of Isaiah Parker
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
The House bill for the relief of Samuel D.
Enochs was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to tho Committee of Claims.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
The Senate act supplemental to an act providing
for the prosecution of the existing war with Mexi-
co, which was sent back from the House of Rep-
resentatives on Thursday last with sundry amend-
ments, was taken up, and the amendments were
read.
Mr. DIX explained that the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs had considered these amendments,
and instructed him to move that the [Senate dis-
agree to them.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed until to-
morrow; which was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
The resolution offered some days ago, by Mr.
Hannkgan, appointing the 20th day of July next
for the adjournment of the two Houses of Con- !
gress, was taken up for consideration, and having
been read—
Mr. LEWIS moved to postpone the consider-
ation of the resolution until Monday next, in order
to give an opportunity to receive an answer to a
call made by the Senate for information in regard
to the finances. There ought to be a response to
that call, at all events, he thought, before they took
tip the subject of adjournment. That response
had probably been delayed by the indisposition of
the Secretary of the Treasury. He believed the
information might be expected within the next
three or four days, and until it came he hoped the
resolution would be allowed to lie upon the table.
To adjourn and go home without taking up the
subject of the finances, m the present condition of
the country, would be a proceeding fraught with
much injury to the public interest. It would
amount to an abandonment of the country.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he hoped the motion
would not prevail. He thought if reference were
had to the length of time they had been in session,
and to the amount of business that had been done,
it would be apparent that a day for the adjourn-
ment ought to be fixed. They had been already
six months in session; theyhe^d, to be sure, in
that time, passed various bills .of importance, and
had had much discussion upon important subjects;
but thev had not progressed so rapidly; as they
ought to have done. The advantage of fixing a day
was that they might dispose of the remaining1 busi-
ness more readily and efficiently. He thought that
all the remaining business might be easily disposed
of before the 20th of July. There would be six
weeks in which to dispose of the business, and he
thought it would be time enough. It was painful
in the extreme to think of spending the dogdays
in Washington. If there was to be an arrange-
ment of the Oregon dispute, it could be concluded
by the 20th of July, if ever. As to the rest of the
business—that relating to local affairs—it could be
done in six weeks. And when it came to be
known that the day of adjournment was fixed,
they would go forward with zeal to the completion
of the work. He hoped the motion would not
prevail. He had not voted for the postponement
before, for he did not think that in the interval
anything would occur which would make them bet-
ter prepared to act upon the resolution. If post-
poned now, it might be again. If the House, to
whom belonged the originating of a revenue bill,
did not think proper to prepare one, it was no fault
of tho Senate. They were not responsible for the
neglect. He hoped the Senate would now act
upon the resolution, and that its action would be
in favor of its adoption. He was willing to trust
to the majority to open the resolution and continue-
the session longer, if anything of importance
should require it. ^
Mr. DAYTON said he had intimated, when the
resolution was first offered, that he would move to
amend it by inserting the 20th of June instead of
the 20th of July. He had intended to do this with
a view of accelerating the time of adjournment.
Subsequently, however, in conversation with Sen-
ators and members of the House of Representa-
tives, he had become satisfied that nothing could
be gained by pressing that amendment. He was
disposed to concur in the resolution as offered by
the Senator from Indiana, as being the earliest day
to which a concurrence could be obtained ; but he
sincerely hoped that the session would not.be pro-
tracted beyond that period. Why# should they
continue sitting there? It was said, if they intend-
ed to finish the business that was "cut out," it
would be impossible to adjourn at so early a day.
What business was cut out? The ordinary ap-
propriation bills could surely be passed within the
time limited by the resolution. There was no
difficulty upon the subject. The business on the
calendar could be disposed of without difficulty.
What was it, then, that rendered it necessary to
prolong the session through the dogdays, as the
Senator from Connecticut had remarked? They
might stay for the purpose of sitting out the Mex-
ican war; but where was the necessity? Congress
was not to command the army. Everything in-
cumbent upon Congress to do had been accom-
plished already. They had voted supplies of men
and money. What further had Congress to do?
Nothing at all. Were they to sit there with a
view to the settlement of the Oregon question? He
trusted they were not. The only rumors they
heard upon the subject, if they were to be credited,
were, that Mr. Pakcnham had been directed to
communicate the ultimatum of the British Govern-
ment upon that question, and that he was now in
possession of that ultimatum, and ready to com-
municate it to our Government. If this were true,
why did not Mr. Pakenham and oar Secretary of
State, as business men, try this last effort at nego-
tiation, and make an end of it? He supposed that
each of the negotiators knew precisely what he
was prepared to do on behalf of his Government.
Let each say, then, what he would do, and if they
concurred in their views, the matter could be at
once and finally settled. And he was certain that
fixing a day for the adjournment of Congress
