936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
would make those gentlemen work up to that day,
as well as Congress. Let them understand that
Congress was not to sit here awaiting their diplo-
matic action, and perhaps they might come to the
consideration of the question as a practical matter
of business, and make an end of it.
With reference to other matters, some of their
friends he knew were exceedingly anxious regarding
the tariff and the sub-treasury. For his own part, he
was not willing to sit there an unusual time to meet
either of those questions. He was satisfied to let
well enough alone. While the country was in the
condition it was in at present, he was not disposed to
meddle with its monetary affans. He was not dis-
posed to embark in any such hazardous if not dis-
astrous experiment, as he feared the sub-treasury
would prove. And in reference to the tarifl", he
was very well contented as matters now were.
He thought the country would be able to survive
through the piesent year, at all events, without
any alteration of the tariff. Least of all was he
disposed, when they were told that the expenses
of the Government now approximated to half a
million of dollars a day, to disturb the revenue of
the country, which was producing now only
enough to meet the ordinary expenses of the Gov-
ernment. In no aspect in winch the question
could be considered did it appear to him at all
necessary that they should prolong the period for
the final adjournment of Congress. He tiusted,
therefore, tlie resolution of the Senator from Indi-
ana would be adopted.
Mr. SEVIER said he was as anxious to bring
the session to a close and to get away from "Wash-
ington as any of his friends could be, but he
thought they could not with propncty at this pe-
riod of the session, and in the present condition of
the business, fix a day for the adjournment. He
had no doubt some gentlemen would be willing to
shorten the period of adjournment, if, by so doing,
they could, get rid of the tariff and the sub-treasury;
and for this very reason he thought that they, on
his side of the House, ought not to consent to tie
up their hands by voting for a resolution fixing a
day for the adjournment. They were now involv-
ed in a war, and their expenses were half a million
of dollars a day. How were they to meet those
expenses? Were they going to adjourn before
providing ways and means? The Senator from
New Jersey spoke of rumors. There was another
rumor, and it was that a majority of the House of
Representatives had agreed to take up the tariff
question next Monday. Was it for the purpose
of getting rid of this question that gentlemen were
so anxious to fix upon a day for adjournment?
It was necessary to raise revenue by intioducing
into the list of dutiable articles many articles
which..were now admitted free of duty. There
was one thing that was to be accomplished,
and this was, to destroy prohibitory dunes, so that
the revenue might be increased by the duty to be
levied upon articles now virtually prohibited: this
was necessary in order to raise means for carrying
on the war. He thought they ought not to Ue up
their hands, in regard to adjournment, until they
could see their way clear to meet those expenses.
Senators talked about working up to the day fixed
upon, working a little later, in consequence of a
day being fixed. Why, this was paying them a
very poor compliment. He thought they were
capable of working as well, and of getting along as
fast, without any such incentive. He had heard
of taskmasters, and of tasks being assigned to i:
slaves, but he never heard of anything of the kind
being applied to freemen.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance 1
(said Mr. S.) made a call the other day for infor-
mation regarding the mode of providing for the i
expenses of the war. Before a response was ob- |
tained to that call, and whilst ilie House, if they ji
might credit the newspapers, had fixed a day for i
taking up the subject of the tariff, it was proposed I1
that the Senate should decide upon a day for the ,
adjournment of Congress. The day might as well ^
be decided on a month hence; they could then see j.
their way much clearer; and if they wanted to be I
more industrious, let them meet at ten o'clock, or i
even at eleven, in the forenoon each day, and also I,
sit on Saturdays. Why, the two honorable gen- j
tlemen opposite, who were so anxious to pass this !
resolution, had voted for the adjournment over |
Fridays and Saturdays all the session, and he be- ,
lieved they had frequently been at home also. ;
What great inconvenience could a gentleman suffer i
who might go home in a day, spend a week with
his family, and return again? Those who lived
further off felt the detention much more. The
gentlemen were in the minority, however, a^id it
was their privilege therefore to complain and find
fault. Nobody desired to be there longer than he
was obliged to be. When they saw a test vote
taken on the tariff in the other House, it would
then be time enough to fix the day for adjourn-
ment. He hoped the resolution would be allowed
to lie oyer until next week—until they saw whether
the tariff was taken up or laid upomthe table—one
or the other.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said lie was in favor of
voting for the earliest day for the adjournment of
Congress, and unless something occurred which
ho did not now anticipate, he would, whenever the
question was presented, vote for the earliest day.
He believed they were not likely to adjourn too
soon. He believed that, unless all past experience
, was a delusion, it was unquestionably desirable
j that the day for adjournment should be fixed. If
j the day were fixed some time in advance, it would
i be an easy matter to accomplish all that was to be
: done in relation to ways and means, and to all
! other subjects; and besides, they were more bkely
j to take irregular and very injurious courses if they
j lcmained there—they were likely to get to war
! with their brave old generals. He hoped the rcs-
j olution would be adopted. Tf it were found neces-
sary hereafter, it could be taken up and the time
prolonged. He thought the gentleman might en-
tirely rely upon the concurrence of Federalism in
prolonging the session, if neccssary. They had
been here six months already, and he thought they
could readily do all the remaining business that
would be required to be done within a very short
time. He did not intend, however, to prolong the
session by making a long speech on the subject.
He merely wished to declare himself in favor of the
resolution, now and at all times.
Mr. HANNEGAN said, in reply to the Sena-
tor from Arkansas, that the arguments advanced
by that gentleman this morning were the same
which he had heard for the last seven years.
Strike out the words Mexican war, tarifl, and
sub-treasury, and substitute such subjects as
might for the tune be pending, and the arguments
would be the same as those which had invariably
been advancod. On all similar occasions, some
gentlemen were never ready, and his experience
satisfied him that there were many who never
| would be ready for the adjournment, until the day
was fixed; and, as the Senator from New Jersey
had lemarked, when the day was fixed, there was
a universal disposition to work up to it. Could
any Senator point back to an instance where, the
day for adjournment being fixed beforehand, Con-
gress had adjourned leaving any great measure
untouched?
lie was not afraid to meet, nor was he desirous
to avoid a vote on the tariff question; on the con-
trary, he was anxious to meet it. He would rather
meet it than not; but he would say to those who
had charge of that measure, that if they chose to
hold it back until the middle of the seventh month
of the session, on their heads alone would rest the
responsibility of its failure. And he would also
suy to those who had charge of the sub-treasury,
that there has already been ample time for an ex-
amination of that subject. The committee had
possession of the subject three months ago; and
now it was held up as a bugbear to deter them
from fixing a day on which to bring the session to
a close. He thought there was no greater evil ex-
isting in tins count) y than these protracted ses-
sion:-. Talk about providing financial measures
for the extiaordmary expenditure of the Govern-
ment! He would remind Senators that the ex-
penses of Congress itself constituted a very heavy
item m those expenses; he alluded not to the pay
of members only, but to the public printing, whick
was accumulating m geometrical progression, and
teiminating only with the termination of the ses-
sion. Had any one offered a plan by which these
extraordinary expenses of five hundred thousand
dollars were to be paid? He had heard of no
pain. Then let a great portion of that expense be
curtailed, put a stop to, by an early adjournment
of Congress. If, then, so great an expense be in-
curred merely on account of the petty war with
Mexico, let it be clearly understood. The Mexi-
can war! Why it was not so formidable as would
be a war with the Indian tribes. The Choctaws,
June 8,
Cherokees, and Creeks, could do us infinitely more
injuiy. Was the existence of that war a cause for
protracting the session? Not at all. He consci-
entiously believed that every measure of public
importance could be acted upon before the 20th
day of July. If they could not, in eight months,
get through the business of Congress, in his opin-
ion it would be a proof that they were not worthy
of the trust that was delegated to them.
Mr. MOREHEAD said he was very glad-to
hear sentiments so acceptable advanced by the
honorable Senator from Indiana. The Senator had
taken the proper ground with regard to this ques-
tion. And he was very glad to perceive that while
such were the views of the Senator from Indiana
in regard to the necessity for adjournment, there
was a very great sensibility on the part of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas with regard to certain great
questions. He trusted that it would be under-
stood, not only by the Senate but by the country,
where the responsibility rested. The responsi-
bility rested with that gentleman and those who
acted with him. In the midst of the seventh month
of the session, as had been suggested by the Sen-
ator from Indiana, they were but just commencing
the business of the session, the legislation of the
country, the necessity for which existed when the
session commenced; and they were told they must
await the action of the Plouse of Representatives;
until they were told by the House that it was time
to adjourn. The House, it seemed to him, had
had ample time to commence legislation on the
subject of the tariff months ago. 1What assurance
had the honorable Senator from Arkansas that, if
they waited a week longer, they would be approxi-
mating any nearer to an agreement upon the time
for adjournment than they were now? They were
asked to wait a week longer, in order that the ques-
tion might be tested in the House. Why, he had
heard it remarked, though he did not know how
true it was, that the question had been already
tested in a manner somewhat more private than by
a vote in the House. He was happy to perceive,
at all events, that there existed, in regard to these
great and vital measures, a degree of prudence
which he had scarcely expected, as indicated in
the slowness with which the matter had been con-
ducted.
It was upon these grounds that he was willing
that the session should be brought to a close, ana
he thought that six weeks for the remaining busi-
ness would be ample. But, independently of these
considerations, the suggestions of the Senator from
Indiana were entitled to the highest consideration.
The expenses of the Government were bearing
very heavily upon the resources of the country,
and those expenses were increasing with incom-
prehensible rapidity, pressing on us with a weight
which must bear us down. He trusted that the
Senate would come to the conclusion to adopt the
resolution, and not postpone it, and signify to the
House that if they intend to act at all they must
act speedily.
Mr. HUNTINGTON desired to say a single
word ill reply to the remarks of the Senator from
Arkansas. He understood that honorable Senator
to say that they ought not to fix the day for ad-
journment until two measures were disposed of—
I the sub-treasury and the tariff. If these were
disposed of there would be no necessity for re-
maining;. In regard to the first of these, it had been
reported to the Senate this morning. Did anybody
suppose that they could not act upon it m six
weeks' Well, how was it in relation to the tariff?
Though lie agreed with the Senator from New Jer-
sey that the old Spanish proverb might be well
applied, let well enough alone, yet was the Senator
from Arkansas not aware that the question of the
tariff belonged primarily to the House of Represent-
atives; that it belonged to the House to originate
the means of raising revenue? and if they sent to
the House that resolution for adjournment, the
House would have the control of it; and if a majo-
rity of that body were disposed to take up the
tariff and repeal it, or make a- new one, it was
competent for them to decline acting upon the re-
solution until they had acted on the tariff. Why,
then, should the Senate refuse to fix a day for ad-
journment on account of a measure which, though
some Senators desired its passage, they could not
control until the House had first acted upon it?
Mr. SEVIER said it was to be expected that be
would but argue in vain with his friend from Con-
necticut on the subject of the tariff. He had set
