1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
937
out, when he addressed the Senate before, with
saying that he was as anxious to bring the session
to a close as anybody could be; but he was also
disposed to remain here until the public duty was
fully discharged. The sub-treasury and the tariff
he regarded as measures of vital importance. When
he spoke of- the expenses of the Government, he
referred to some remarks made the other day by
the Senator from Massachusetts, in which the Sen-
ator had stated that the expenses of the Govern-
ment were now about half a million of dollars a
day. He adverted to this as a strange circum-
stance, that gentlemen, knowing the expenses of
Government to be so enormous, should neverthe-
less be desirous of adjourning without providing
ways and means to meet those expenses. They
were paying $106,000 a day for the army and navy
proper. Well, who voted for all this? Hisfriends
on the opposite side voted for it as well as himself,
and were they now disposed to leave the Senate
without providing supplies? Was their zeal for
the preservation of the protective tariff so great
that, to accomplish that object, they would leave
those expenses unprovided'for? Had it come to
this, that the tariff had become so deeply engraven
upon their hearts that they would have Congress
adjourn in a time when a pressing necessity exist-
ed for legislation ? Was there a mail who, if the
time was limited, and the tariff question came up,
would make any shorter speech on account of the
limitation ? Not at all. But it was said, why did
not the Hoase call up the bill at an earlier day ?
They had been engaged, it was well known, upon
questions of importance to the whole country—
upon the army bill, providing ways and means to
carry on the war. They had been sitting every
day in the week; they had taken no holydays,
and they now meet at ten o'clock in the morning.
They meet earlier and sit later than the Senate; and
yet Senators complain of their tardiness.
In regard to the sub-treasury, as his friend had
said the other day, it was connected with other
subjects—with the warehousing system and the
mint; and he contended that Congress, engaged as
they had been with other matters, had not had it
in its power to iiroeeed yet to the consideration of
these topics. He, for one, was willing to sit on
every day in the week, as well as meet aWui earlier
hour, in order to expedite the business.
The gentlemen over the way had been at their
homes. They now came back, and proposed that
Congress should fix an early day for adjournment.
There was, he thought, something rather unfair in
this. Six weeks, the gentlemen said, was long
enough for the passage of the tariff through both
Houses. When he first came into Congress, the
subject of the tariff was discussed, and the discus-
sion occupied ut that time six months. In the
House, it was true, they had rules, by which, if
the screws were applied, they might get it through
in two or three weeks; but in the Senate it was not
so. They might continue the discussion as long
as they pleased. Senators might speak against
time. There was no means of forcing a vote. How
easy a thing it would bo, one following another,
and speaking day in and day out, to prevent the
vote being taken at all ? The Senator from Indi-
ana, he was sure, would be very far from desiring
to adjourn without doing something in regard to so
important a measure.
Mr. WEBSTER then rose and addressed the
Senate. When I stated the other day (said Mr.
W.) that it was supposed the„pi'esent daily expen-
diture of the Government amounted to about half
a million of dollars, I did not speak on my own
authority; I spoke on very good authority. I did
not mean, however, what maybe called the ex-
penses proper of the army and navy; nor did I
mean to say that this was an expense which might
be expected to last; but I did mean to say that I am
credibly informed that, including the vast charge
for transportation, adding this to the other expen-
ses of the increased state of the army and navy,
there is now actually bearing upon the revenue of
the country very nearly half a million of dollars
per day. One word upon the subject before us.
There is a great deal of truth and weight in what
was said by the Senator from Arkansas, that the
important measures which are to be acted on are
measures which must originate in the other House.
Veiywell; it is not in our power to prescribe a
time inconsistent with that which a sense of duty
actuating that House would admit, or which would
interfere with the discharge of that duty. The tariff
must originate in that branch. Now, what we do
in this resolution is to make a proposal; if agree-
able to that House, if they find it consistent with
a proper discharge of the duties incumbent upon
them, why, then, the two Houses may be ready to
close the session on the 20th; if they do not, they
may reject the proposal or postpone it, and in the
meantime go on with the consideration-of the busi-
ness before them. If it were in our power to fix
the time without consulting the other House, it
might then be well to consider carefully what re-
mained to be done by them.
Mr. SEVIER. Then let the House propose the
time, and let us consider whether we will concur
with them.
Mr. WEBSTER. Well, there is no inference
to be drawn from this. It is as common for the
Senate to indicate the time for adjournment as for
the House. And, again, do we not see it has been
tried in the House, and that a decided majority of
the House has been defeated by the complexity of
their rules? Do we not see that there is a decided
majority of the House willing to take up the propo-
sition and consider it? I say, therefore, though I
am as willing to continue the session, if the public
business require it, as any man in Congress, this is
only a proposal to go to the House for its approval
or disapproval. It seems to me there can be no
harm in saying whether we are ready now, or not
ready, to fix a day for the adjournment of the two
Houses of Congress.
Mr. DAYTON. The honorable Senator from
Arkansas takes us somewhat to task for a dispo-
sition on our part to adjourn after having been so
liberal in voting supplies of men and money for
the prosecution of the war with Mexico. He
charges me also with always voting for adjourn-
ments. Sir, 1 plead guilty entirely to the charge.
I question very much whether there ever has been
a motion to adjourn made in this chamber, unless
some pressing business remained to be tiansacted,
where 1 have not voted in favor of the motion, and
I believe the honorable Senator from Arkansas has
generally gone with me in that vote. 1 believe he
and I are of one mind upon this point, that the
country is governed too much, and that anything
that would tend to diminish the plethora would be
a benefit. Nor have 1 any disposition to censure
the other House for tardiness. The two Houses
arc very differently constituted. We arc numeri-
cally a much smaller body, and it is wholly unne-
cessary to sit when we have no work to do. We
can dispose of our time better for the public inter-
est. It is well known that a large portion of our
business is connected with the public offices, and
there are other duties which wo owe to our con-
stituents which the world generally lias no con-
ception of. Nor am 1 disposed to adjourn now
without allowing ample time to provide for the
public business. Six or seven weeks Will afford
ample time. The appropriation bills can be pass-
ed in a comparatively short time. We ure not dis-
posed to adjourn without providing the means of
carrying on the war. But gentlemen think we are
disposed to give, the tariff the go by, though at the
expense of a starving army. No such thing. The
only measure likely to be proposed in relation to
the tariff is a measure for starving the army by di-
minishing the tariff; but I am very glad to hear the
Senator's inference to the tariff is not for a dimi-
nution of the duties, but to add to the list of dutia-
ble articles. I am glad to hear this admission.
But it is not my purpose to consume time on this
subject; as 1 before said, we on this side of the
chamber are willing to afford ample time, find 1
apprehend that the time intervening between this [
and the 20th day of July will be found quite suf- j
ficient. |
Mr. TURNEY said a largo number of troops j
I had been laised, and ail appropriation had been
made for their subsistence, winch, according to the
Senator from Massachuset ts, would su flice for twen-
ty days; yet in this condition of affairs, with not
a dollar in the treasury, it was proposed that Con-
gress should adjourn. Ways and means were to I
be provided, and then appropriations made to carry
on the war; and, in this state of things, it was
gravely proposed that a day should be fixed for the
adjournment of Congress, assuming that this would
necessarily shorten the session. Now, if the ad-
vocates of an early adjournment would devise a
plan for raising ways and means, he, for one, would
consent to adjourn at an early period; but until that
was done, he was utterly unwilling to fix upon any
day. Gentlemen on the other side said they must
let the tariff alone; it must not be touched. And
notwithstanding they did give their votes for in-
creasing the army.they.gave reluctant votes—they
gave them with a protest, to throw the responsi-
bility on this side of the chamber of raising the
ways and means. He, for one, would never agree
to nX the day for adjournment, until provision was
made for the support of the army. "
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON, said he agreed entirely
with the views expressed by the Senator^ from
Kentucky. But, from what he had heard in the
latter part of this debate, he was induced to allow
gentlemen on the other side to take their own time.
It was very evident, that, if by their votes-Congress
should adjourn at an early period, and measures
for the support of the army should fail, the whole
responsibility would rest upon those with whom he
acted. He would not vote for fixing a day of ad-
journment for them; he would let them name their
own time, and take the whole responsibility upon
themselves.
Mr. CALHOUN said he was quite sure there
was no Senator more anxious to adjourn than
himself; but he must say, looking at the state of
the business, without referring to any particular
measure, they were not in a state to fix a day for
the adjournment. He entirely concurred in the
opinion that the House of Representatives was the
proper body to determine this matter. He would
not fix upon a tune for them. The Senate ought
to hold itself in reserve, to keep the matter in its
own power. He thought they ought to proceed as
expeditiously with the business as possible, with-
out at present fixing upon any day for adjourn-
ment.
Mr. BERRIEN said that, from the suggestion
of the Senator from South Carolina, taken in con-
nexion with what had been said by the Senator
from Massachusetts, there seemed to be a peculiar
' propriety in adopting the resolution. It was con-
j ceded, he believed, by the Senator from South
Caiolina, that the business of this branch of Con-
! gross might be concluded within the time proposed,
• hut the Senator doubted whether the business of
; the House could, "Well, by this resolution thev
, were simply proposing to inquire whether, con-
! sistcntly with the business before them, the House
would acquiesce in the proposition. If the appre-
hensions of the Senator from South Carolina were
realized, the House would of course tell them so;
but the propriety of adopting this resolution by
the Senate resulted from the fact that the rules of
j pi occeding in the House did not furnish them with
] an opportunity of bringing the question before
i them. 13y adopting the resolution, the Senate,
! without deciding the question for them, metciy
' furnished them an opportunity of determining it
J themselves.
| Mr. CALHOUN remarked that he thought it
| exceedingly doubtful whether they would be able
[ to get through their own business; but, even if
| they were prepared to determine, the day of ad-
journment, he thought it would be better to defer
j the matter to the House.
; The question was then taken on the postpone-
ment of the further consideration of the resolution
until Monday next, and it was carried, as follows:
YEAH—Messrs. Allen, Aieher, Ashley, Atherton, Baghy,
Venn; backer, Rusk, Se\ier, Speight, Turney, and Yulee-
NAYS—Messrs. Atclli>on, Barrow, Berrien, Thomas
Clayton, Oonviii, Crittenden, Davis, ]>ajton, Greene, Hau-
negnn, 1 hmtingtnn, Johnson of Louisiana, Miller, Moreiiead,
Niles, l'earce, Semple, Simmons, Upham, Webster, and
I Wooilhndge—21.
i The bill to ascertain the claims of American cit-
! izens to indemnity for French spoliations prior to
i the :ust of July, 1801, was read a third time, and
I on the question, Shall this bill pass?
] Mr. HANNEGAN demanded the yeas and
; nays, which were ordered.
The question having been taken, it was decided
in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Ashley,Bagby, Barrow, Berrien,
Thomas Clayton, J. M.Ctajton, Corwm, Crittenden, Davis,
j Dayton, Greene, Houston, Huntington, Jamasin, Johnson
of Mar) land, Johnsonof Louisiana, Miller, Morehead, Niles,
Pearoc, Sevier, Simmons, Upliam, Webster, Westeott
ami Woodbridge—37. '
^ NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Benton, Brew.
Calhoun, Ca«s, Chalmers, Colquitt, Dickinson, Uix, H.rnne-
Haywood, Jenncss, Lpws, McDutliOj Man^um, Prn-
nybacker, Rusk, Semple, Speight, Turney, and Yulee—23.
