1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
930
the last statement the gentleman was wholly mis-
taken; the amount of her territory, should this bill
prevail, would exceed that of New York by only
six thousand square miles.
Mr. RATHBUN resuming, said he had exam-
ined the map, and found that the State would con-
tain more than fifty-three thousand square miles,
while New York had but forty-four thousand. If
the boundary of Iowa was fixed where it should
be, it would not only make her a compact and val-
uable State, but would leave suitable space to the
north of her, and within the territory of the Uni-
ted States, to form another State on Rock river.
According to the bill passed at the last session,
there would be left space not only for one State 011
the north, but for another on the west of Iowa.
Mr. R. entreated gentlemen to pause and to consider
what was the duty they owed, not merely to the few
thousand people now in Iowa, but to the country
generally. Let them remember that one of the chief
ingredients in our safety was to maintain a due
proportion and balance between the power of the
Northern and the Southern States. "1 his could not
be done by forming territory at the North into
States consisting of fifty or sixty thousand square
miles, and suffering one State at the South to be
subdivided into four or five There were elements
in this confederacy which required the preservation
of a constant check and balance between its differ-
ent parts. That balance thus far had been hap-
pily preserved, and Mr. R. was for continuing to
preserve it.
There were other objections to this bill. Those
gentlemen who were the Representatives of large
States well knew that, though their large repre-
sentations gave them some power in that House,
they had none in the Senate beyond the smallest
State in the Union; and, besides, the larger the
State the more expensive and the more difficult
would it be to maintain and preserve the institu-
tions necessary for its well-being. This whole sub-
ject had been thoroughly discussed at the last Con-
gress. The House had then embodied its decision
in a law, and Mr. R. preferred the decision of that
House to any decision of a convention iu Iowa.
[Mr. R. here read the law of last session.]
But the committee had been told that the people
of Iowa had rejected that boundary. They had
done no such tiling. It was true they had rejected
the constitution which embraced these boundaries,
but their objections were rather to the constitution
itself than to the boundaries it had laid down. Had
the question of boundary been separated from the
question of constitution, the boundary would have
been assented to.
Mr. R. did not object that Iowa should be a
large State and should stand in the first class, but
he objected to having territory formed into large
States at the North and small ones at the South.
Texas, which did not contain more than twice as
much territory, was allowed by the act of annex-
ation to form in process of time four or five States.
An example of the evil arising from such an ar-
rangement was to be found in the case of Illinois,
where two distinct portions of territory with inte-
rests entirely diverse were thrown into one com-
munity. He referred to the mining districts at the
north and the rich agricultural districts at the south
of the State. He hoped a similar error would not
be committed on the present occasion.
Mr. R. here went into some remarks in regard to
the provisions of the ordinance of 1787, which had
at first required that no State in the northwestern
territory should be larger than one hundred and
fifty miles square, but which was so changed that
the single State of Illinois was between four and
five hundred miles long, and between two and
three hundred miles in width. This change had
been broken up in consequence of that progress of
things by which the northern States became wholly
freed from slavery, while tfyose at the South were
filled with a slave population. Under what policy
this had been done it was not for him to say; it was
now settled past alteration; but an opportunity was
at present afforded, when territories asked to come
into the Union, for Congress to prescribe their
boundaries as States, and to fix them so as to ad-
just the balance of power. He held that those who
represented the southern interest were just as much
interested in this as any others. It was a princi-
ple which addressed itself to the sound sense of
every man. That House was the only branch of
the Government where this balance could be
preserved, and he hoped that matters might so
fall out that while one State was added to the
North, another might come in at the South. Should
the two Territories of Iowa and Wisconsin now
come in, they would be a balance to those of Flori-
da and Texas, so that we should preserve the pro-
portion which had existed for years past; and then,
when yet more States should be ready at the North,
the population of Texas would probably have so
much increased that she could be subdivided and
keep up the balance at the South.
On the whole, Mr. R. was for preserving the
boundary which had been settled last year; but if
that must be rejected, then he was willing that
Iowa should have about as large an extent as New
York. Its soil was the best on the globe. There
was no limit to its fertility and its capacity for sus-
taining human life; and could the Delegate in rea-
son ask that he should have such a State as would
by and by enable him to x-epresent three millions
and a half of people ? He thought it would be
better for Iowa herself to limit her extent to about
forty thousand miles. Ohio stood high in this
Union, and her power and influence in that body
was hourly increasing. Yet she had less territory
than New York; and now it was asked that Iowa
should supersede both. Mr. R. was against making
empires; he preferred that we should have States
in this Union. Let it be remembered that when
once this boundary was fixed it was iixed foiever.
Mr. DODGE, the Delegate from Iowa, ex-
pressed his regret that the gentleman from New
York should have made the speech which he had
deemed it his duty to do. He remembered that,
during the great Texas question, the objection to
the admission of that State had been met by the
alleged fact that Iowa had a territory of eighty
thousand square miles; yet she had in fact but
sixty thousand seven hundred, which was less than
the contents of Virginia. He thought his people
had been very reasonable in their demands, anil
they considered themselves as quite safe, so long
as they kept their limits within those which had
been allowed to Missouri. Every Legislature
which had ever met in that Territory had recom-
mended the same boundaries on the east and west;
they had all insisted 011 having the Mississippi on
the one side and the Missouri 011 the other. The
people of the Territory had always been in the
habit of connecting those rivers with the notion of
their State boundary; and when, at the last session,
they found that Congress had given them, instead
of these, mere arbitrary and artificial lines, they
rose up as one man, and, by an overwhelming vote,
rejected the Constitution. Had the boundary ques-
tion been separated (as the gentleman from New
York had suggested) from the question of the Con-
stitution, the boundary would not have received
five hundred votes: they rejected the Constitution
chiefly because the boundary was in it. Tliey
preferred having a large State with 60,500 square
miles, and they had instructed their Delegate by
no means to accept, of any amendment which
should cut them off from the Mississippi and
Missouri rivers. In conformity with their wishes,
Mr. D. had by leave introduced a bill granting
them the whole of what they asked. It was re-
ferred to the Committee 011 the Territories. Mr.
D. had appeared and pleaded their cause before
the committee a number of times, but could not
succeed; the committee struck out the boundaries
he had proposed, and had inserted others, which,
while they extended the State from the Mississippi
to the Missouri, gave it but 43,300 miles of sur-
face. The Commissioner of the General Land
Office stated the contents to be 50,915 square
miles. Admitting this to be the size of the State,
how would Iowa compare with other States of the
Union ? She would have say 51,000 square miles.
Virginia had 64,000; Georgia had 58,200; Mich-
igan had 60,000; while Missouri had 67,415 square
miles, being 17,000 more than was asked for Iowa;
Alabama had 50,000, and Florida 53,000.
As for the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Ratiibbn,] he seemed disposed neither to let Iowa
be a State nor to do anything for her as a Terri-
tory. When a bill had been up the other day
granting her some little matters by way of an outfit
as a Territory before her marriage to the Union,
this same gentleman rode over it rough shod; he
cut and slashed and slew to the right and left. He
was for keeping the State from touching the Mis-
souri river; and when she asked anything as a
Territory, he immediately threw it into her teeth
that she was presently to become a State. If the
gentleman disliked the boundary in this bill, pray
what boundary was he willing to grant ? For as
to that established by the law of last session, he
here told that gentleman and every other that it
never would be accepted. The boundary now
proposed was far less than that which his people
had desired and hoped, but the committee had laid
down such lines as they deemed best after looking
at the whole subject. Until a week ago, Mr. D.
had supposed that these never would he submitted
to, but he had recently received a letter which in-
formed him that the convention towards the close
of its sitting had agreed to accept; and though be-
fore, on a test vote, the convention had insisted on
having the first boundary which had been demand-
ed , only eight out of thirty-four dissenting, yet
one day after they had received a statement of the
boundary as now proposed, they had receded from
their former ground, and agreed to accept these
terms by a vote of forty-three to thirty. Now the
gentleman from New York was willing that the
State should have forty-four thousand square miles;
these boundaries gave her but six thousand more.
Mr. ROCK WELL, of Massachusetts, further
explained the reasons which had induced him to
move to amend the bill by substituting the parallel
of 42° for that of 43° 30'; but, 011 further examina-
tion, he had become satisfied that that parallel
would reduce the dimensions of the State too
much—bring them down, in fact, to about twenty -
four thousand miles. He should, therefore, with-
draw that amendment, and would instead move
that the bill be reported back to the House with
a recommendation that it be recommitted with in-
structions that the committee should reconsider the
northern boundary.
Mr. R. supported this motion by insisting on
the great fertility in the soil of Iowa, and the im-
mense population which it would be able to sup-
K)rt. He insisted on the opinion of the people of
ubuque that the State would be too large to allow
another to be formed above it on the Mississippi.
He dwelt on the respectable character of these pe-
titioners, and the weight which such an opinion,
coming from such a quarter, ought to have 011 the
committee.
Mr. GORDON was for letting the people of Iowa
have such a State as they themselves wanted. As
to the balance between north and south, on which
his colleague had so much insisted, Mr. G. thought
there was another balance which they were equally
bound to consult, and that was between the west-
ern States and those on the Atlantic. But, on the
whole, he was ready to allow the boundaries of
the State to be where the people of the Territory
desired to fix them.
Mr. VINTON wished to state a few facts which
he thought ought to have an influence on the House
m deciding 011 this question. At the last session
this subject of creating States beyond the Missis-
sippi had been fully considered, and no question
except that of Texas had excited more interest in
the House, and after full and extended debate, a
bill passed by a great maj ori ty fixing the boundaries
of Iowa, and another forming a constitution for
Wisconsin. The Senate passed the bill, and it be-
came a law. The State of Iowa, as determined by
that bill, was of an intermediate size between
Pennsylvania and Now York. It was at least fif-
teen per cent, larger than the State of Ohio. While
the latter had but thirty-nine thousand square miles,
Iowa had forty-four thousand. From all the in-
formation which he could collect he was led to be-
lieve that no part of these United States possessed
an equal capacity for maintaining an immense pop-
ulation. Her capacity in this respect was certainly
equal to, if not greater, than that of any other part
of the West. In addition to which, she enjoyed
hydraulic facilities equal to any other State. He
believed that Ohio, if fully peopled and cultivated,
could as well maintain from eight to ten millions
of people as she now maintained the two millions '
of her present population; and he did not doubt the
day was coining when such a result would be real-
ized. Reasoning on the same ratio, what mi«lit
not Iowa contain ? It was, he knew, very natural
for the people of a Territory to desire to have a
great State; and, if Congress was willing to let
the people of Iowa cut and carve for themselves
he did not doubt that they would have their State
extend to the mouth of the Columbia.
But that was not the rule by which the House
was to be regulated. In deciding a question of
this kind, it should be considered on the broadest
