1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
the ordinance of 1787, tin which he now laid so
great stress—an ordinance which the venerable
ex-President of the United States [Mr. Adams]
had declared on that floor to be as binding as any
law, human or divine. Arguments against the
bill might proceed with some propriety from that
gentleman when he was prepared to restore the
plundered territory to the State of Michigan—ter-
ritory which had been seized, plundered, and trans-
ferred at the point of the bayonet, by the hand of
violence and civil strife, in a contest where brother
stood against brother, and father against son.
These remarks of Mr. Dodge led to explana-
tions on the part of Messrs. VINTON andTIIUR-
MAN, as to the events of the celebrated border
war between Ohio and Michigan. After which,
the question was taken on Mr. Vinton's amend-
ment, and decided in the negative—ayes 54, noes
68.
At the conclusion of the debate—
Mr. BOWLIN moved an amendment, to the bill,
so as to describe the boundaries of the State in the
precise terms or language used in the constitution
formed by the convention of Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
WISCONSIN.
The'bill to enable the people of the Territory of
Wisconsin to form a constitution and State Gov-
ernment, and for the admission of such State into
the Union, was then taken up.
A debate here sprung up, in which Messrs.
DROMGOOLE and DOUGLASS were the chief
combatants, but in which Messrs. VINTON mid
THURMAN also took part. It turned on the
question, whether the ordinance of 1787 was or was
not obligatory on Congress, in that part of it
which restricted the number of States to be formed
out of the Northwest Territory to the number of
five. It was contended, on the one hand, that it
did bind Congress, bccause Congress had acccpteil
the cession from Virginia with that condition in it.
It was maintained, on the other hand, that other
States also claimed the territory,and also ceded it,
and that, in their deeds of cession, no such con-
dition was found; that Virginia had no more right
to bind the United States than they had; that it was
doubtful whether tiic territory belonged to Virginia
at all, or at least whether she had a better tuie to
it than the other States which claimed it; and
family, that, whether the deed of cession had or
had not once been binding, it was superseded and
virtually annulled as to the restriction of now States
by the clause in the Constitution which allowed
Congress to admit new States into the Union, with-
out any restriction as to number or size.
The committee resumed the consideration of the
bill to grant a quantity of land to aid in the im-
provement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, and
to connect the same by a canal in the Territory of
Wisconsin.
When this bill was under consideration on the
4th instant, the question pending was on an amend-
ment of Mr. .McClernand. He now modified
his amendment, when it was agreed to; and the
bill was laid aside to be reported to the House.
The bill to authorize the constituted authorities
of the county of Polk, in the Territory of Iowa,
to enter a quarter-section of land for a seat of jus-
tice, was taken up and read, and, no amendment
being proposed, was laid aside to bo reported to
the House.
The bill to repeal an act of the 3d of March,
1843, "for the relief of the Stockbridge Indians,
in the terrritory of Wisconsin, and for other pur-
poses," was next taken up.
The bill repeals the act of 3d March, 1843,
which made the-whole Stockbridge tribe of ln-
. dians citizens of the United States, and restores
them to their ancient form of government. The
second section directs the Governor of Wiscon-
sin to open a book for the enrolment of such of
the tribe as shall desire to become and remain
citizens of the United States, the book to continue
open three months; after which the township of
land now held by the Indians shall be divided into
two parts—one for the Indians, and the other for
the citizens, according to their relative numbers;
the Indian lands to.be held in common, the others
to be divided among the citizens by metes and
bounds. Those Indians who become citizens for-
feit their right to any portion of the annuity now
payable, or which may hereafter become payable,
from the United States to the Stockbridge tribe of
Indians. The third section provides, as an indem-
nity for money paid by the Stoekbridges to the
Winncbagogs and Menomonies in the years 1821
and 1822, and for quieting all other claims, that
the sum of two thousand dollars be paid to said
tribe.
The bill, on motion of Mr. MARTIN, was
amended by substituting "the sub-agent for In-
dian affairs ' in place of " the Governor of Wis-
consin," to open books of enrolment, and in fixing
the metes and bounds of lands to be assigned to
Indians becoming citizens of the United States.
Also, increasing the amount appropriated in the
third section from $2,000 to $5,000.
Two other immaterial amendments were also
made to the bill at the instance of Mr. MARTIN;
when it was laid aside to be reported to the House.
The committee then "proceeded to the considera-
tion of the bill granting ccrtain lands to the Terri-
tory of Iowa to aid in the improvement of the Des
Moines river.
The bill is as follows:
Be it enade-1 by the Senate anil J{>tise of Representatives
of the Cfn'tcd Stale* of shuciira in Cuii^cni atseiiibled, That
there be and hereby is granted to tile Territory of Iowa, for
Ilie put pose of aiding said Territory to improve the naviga-
tion of Uie Des Moines liver lloin its mouth to till' Racoon
Fork, (-o called,J in said Territory, one equal moiety, in
alternate sections of the public lands, (leiiuiiuiiiii unsold,
and not otherwise disposed unincumbered, or appiojiuated,)
in a !-tnp five miles in width on each side of said nvt r; lo
lie selected within said Territory by an a^ent or agents to he
appointed bytlict.'overnoi theieof,stihtectto lhe approval of
the Secretary of the Trea-ur> ol the United Slates.
Ht:r. •! .'hi'! Ac it Jurthvr enacted, Twit tile lands hereby
granted shall not lie conveyed or disposed of by : aid Tern
toiy, nor by any Slate to tie formed out of the same, except
as said improvements shall prosnrss; lli.it 1-, as mioii as a
section or mile, or any greater extent ofstieli \voik, sbtill be
completed, and duly eeltihed by the (Joveinorol said Terri-
toiy oi Slate to the Prefident of the I'm ted stales, the Kud
Territory or Slate may -ell and dispose ol it quantity olVanl
hind, on each side of ihe work so completed and eeitified as
aioresnid, equal to the value theieof; and so from time to
lime, as tile work pio<;res-,es mid said ceiiiticates .is mad ■,
until said work is completed : Provided, Said lauds shall be
used for the purpose mentioned in this net, mid no other.
Sue. :i. */hul he il further eu.n tal, That the sulci river Des
Moines shall be and forever remain a publie highway for the
use ol the (jovei anient of tile Dinted Slates, Iree ironi any
toll or oilier elimue whalevei loi an\ piuperly of the United
States, oi pelsons in their service, p.i-.-uii; fhionirli oi .iloni;
the same : I'rovuieil. ahvaiji, That il shall not he compete i>t
for the slid Teinloiv or inline State of Iowa to dispose of
said lauds, oi tiny ol them, at a pnee lower than, torthc time
bein :, shall be the mniiniiim price of other public lauds.
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND, the second
section was stricken out, and another section insert-
ed in place thereof.
Mr. DODGE moved to amend, by addingan ad-
ditional section to the bill; which was agreed to.
And the bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
The bill to equalize the compensation of the sur-
veyors-general of the public lands of the United
States, and 1'or other purposes, was then taken up.
[The bill provides that the surveyor-general of
the public lands in Wisconsin and Iowa, and the
surveyor-general of the public lands in Arkansas,
shall be entitled to the same compensation as other
surveyors-general of the public Kinds, and the same
allowance for clerk-hire as the surveyor-general
northwestofthe rivcrOhio. And itl'urthcrprovides,
that deputy surveyors shall take an oath that their
surveys are faithfully and correctly made; and upon
proof, in any court of competent jurisdiction, that
surveys are not faithfully and correctly made, the
deputy malting and returning them shall be deem-
ed guilty of perjury, and his bond shall thereupon
be sued, and the institution of the suit shall act as
a lien upon any property owned or held by such
deputy or his sureties at the time of commencing
suit.]
Mr. RATHBUN moved to amend the bill, by
striking out the words "and surveyor-general of
Arkansas." The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to the
House.
And the committee proceeded to the considera-
tion of the bill disaffirming all laws of the Terri-
tories of Iowa and Wisconsin granting banking
privileges.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was laid
aside to be reported.
The bill to establish an additional land office in
the Territory of Iowa, was next considered.
[The bill provides for the creation of a new land
office, for the sale of the public lands in Iowa, west
of a line running north from the northern boundary
of Missouri, between ranges 17 and 18 degrees west
of the fifth principal meridian, to the line between
townships 77 and 78 north; thence east with the
line between townships 77 and 78 north, to the line
between ranges 12 and 13 west, thence north with
the line between ranges 12 and 13 west, to the
northern boundary of Iowa, to be called the west-
ern land district.]
The bill also provides for the appointment of a
register and receiver for the land office, with the -
same compensation and powers, to per font duties
similar to those required of other land officers of
the United States. The office to be kept at such
place as shall be designated by the President, who
is also authorized to remove the same to any other
place whenever he may think proper to do so.
No amendment being proposed to the bill, it was
laid aside to be reported to the House.
The bill for the relief of Joseph and Lindsey
Ward, of the Territory of Wisconsin, wds taken
up, and, being decided to be a private bill, and
consequently not included in the special order for
Territorial business, was thrown out.
The bill to provide for the payment of the Iowa
militia, called into service in December, 1839, was
then taken up.
[The bill provides that the militia of the Territo-
ry of Iowa, called into service in 1839, on the re-
quisition of the United States marshal in that
Territory, and afterwards mustered by Lieutenant
Ruggles, of the army, shall be paid as the militia
of other States and Territories heretofore called
into service have been paid—the whole amount not
to exceed §14,355. These militia were called out
during the border war disturbances between Mis-
souri and Iowa.]
The bill was amended, on motion of Mr.
DODGK, by adding a proviso that no officer of a
grade higher than a captain shall receive pay.
Mr. DODGE explained the bill, and said it had
already twice passed the House, but too late to get
tlirough the Senate."
Mr. G. W. JONES inquired if the militia had
been called out by authority of the United States
or by Territorial authority?
Mr. DODGE answered, by the Governor and
the Marshal, both of whom were officers appointed
by the United States.
Mr. JONKS. " Yes, and to prosecute a quar-
rel which they had no business to get into." Mr.
Junes then went on to oppose the bill, and moved
that it be reported to the House with a recommen-
dation that jtdo not pass.
Mr. DODGE defended the bill.
And the question was put on Mr. Jones's mo-
tion, and it passed in the affirmative; and the bill
will be reported accordingly.
The bill to enable the people of Wisconsin Ter-
ritory to form a Constitution and State Govern-
ment, and for the admission of such State into the
Union, was taken up; and,
On motion of Mr. MARTIN, was amended in
the first section by striking out the words "re-
siding within the limits hereinafter designated,"so
as toViake it read that the people of Wisconsin he
authorized to form a constitution, &c.; and,
On motion of Mr. MARTIN, was further amend-
ed by striking out from the proviso in the sixth
proposition to be submitted to the convention of
Wisconsin the condition that the convention shall
provide by a clause in the constitution, to be irre-
vocable without the consent of the United States,
" that the said State doth consent to and accept the
boundaries in the act prescribed."
With these two amendments the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House.
The committee then rose and reported the bills
upon which it had acted.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
bills reported from the Committee of the Whole,
and—
The bill to amend the act entitled an act to grant
a quantity of land to the Territory of Wisconsin
for the purpose of aiding in opening a canal to con-
nect the waters of Lake Michigan with those of
Rock river, reported without amendment, was
forthwith lead a third time and passed.
The bill making an appropriation for the survey
of the Des Moines river was next taken up, and
the question was on its third reading-
Mr. RATHBUN moved that it be laid on the
table.
The yeas and nays were taken on the motion,
and there were—yeas 91, nays 46.
So the bill was laid on the table.
