1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
943
Mr. ARC HER Said that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts had represented this as a course of pro-
cedure without precedent. It was not so. There
had been hundreds of such cases.
Mr. WEBSTER. Name one.
Mr. ARCHER could" not at present name a
case, but if he had the records of the Committee
on Foreign Relations before him, lie oould refer to
many similar cases referred to the State Depart-
ment.
Mr. "WEBSTER. And to be presented to for-
eign Governments?
Mr. ARCHER. Certainly.
Mr. WEBSTER. I do not remember any such
case.
Mr. ARCHER made a few further remarks,
and then the motion to postpone being put and
agreed to, the Senate proceeded to the special or-
der of the day.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATIONS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department, for the year ending June 30,
1847, when
Mr. NILES withdrew the amendment submitted
by him a day or two ago, appropriating $25,000
for steam mail service to*Liverpool, England, and
submitted the following:
" And the Postmaster General is hereby autho-
' rized to apply twenty-five thousand dollars of the
' money appropriated for mail transportation for a
' line of mail steamers from the United States to
' Bremen, and a further sum of twenty-five thou-
' sand dollars for a line of mail-stcamcrs from the
' United States to Liverpool, in England; but no
' further sums shall be directed to any other ob-
'jects than the transportation of the mail within
' the United States."
Mr. NILES then said that he would request the
attention of the Senate to a few remarks which ho
had to offer in explanation of the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS requested the honorable Senator to
state the general terms of the contract.
Mr. NiLES replied, that by the terms of the Bre-
men contract twenty trips were to be made annually
to that port, touching at Cowes, at $350,000 per an-
num for a term of four years. The contractors were
to furnish four steamships, each of a tonnage of fif-
teen hundred tons. The contract, in contempla-
tion for the conveyance of the mails to Liverpool,
embraced five steamships, making thesame number
of trips as to Bremen, each ship to be of two thou-
sand tons or upwards. The Senate would under-
stand that these contracts depended on the action of
Congress, and that the appropriation was intended
essentially, if pot entirely, for the purpose of giv-
ing the sanction of Congress to the contracts, as the
money would not, in all probability, bo wanted till
next year. The Postmaster General considered
this of great importance, and was not disposed to
proceed further without having thus received the
sanction of Congress. Altogether independent of
its bearing on the general interests of the country,
the project was of great importance viewed as an
indirect means of securing to the Government in
time of war the use of a steam navy. If anything
was to be done, he was satisfied that action must
be immediate. The Cunard line was about to bo
duplicated, the trips to be made alternately from
New York and Boston. That addition would, how-
ever, probably depend upon the fact whether the
American line were established or not. It would
appear to be somewhat uncertain whether the Cu-
nard company would proceed in duplicating- their
line in case of the establishment of the line now
contemplated by the Postmaster General. He had
a word or two to say with regard to the importance
of this line; and he hoped that he would receive a
little more attention from the Senate than he had
been so fortunate as to meet when he addressed it
on the same subject the other day. In a commer-
cial point of view the line to Bremen was not, per-
haps, so important as the other; but there were
connected with ft numerous political advantages.
To the people of Germany and Prussia the enter-
prise wa^one of great importance. The Prussian
Minister took a deep interest in it, and a special
a ent had been sent from Bremen for the express
purpose of aiding in the completion of this work of
commencing a direct communication between the
United States and the German States, which would
so materially enlarge the commercial and political
intercourse, and extend the relations of both coun-
tries. Bremen was rapidly increasing in commer-
cial importance. Its commerce had doubled within
the last year. It was the terminus of many rail^
roads which extended to various parts of Germany;
and it was supposed that the business intercourse
of a large portion of Germany and Prussia, em-
bracing a population of forty or fifty millions, with
this country, would centre at that point. That
would of course make Bremen the great mart in
which the staples of this country would be ex-
changed.
With regard to the other route, every one was
aware that the trade of the United States with the
port of Liverpool was very great, and the course
of that trade would be accommodated a good deal
to this line of steamers. The most valuable mer-
chandise was now transported by these steamers,
and the whole benefit of the transportation accrued
to Great Britain. There was an urgent necessity
for some legislation on that subject, and he had
had the honor of reporting a bill to meet that de-
sideratum. Letters sent by these steamers were
subject to a postage of twenty-five cents, and all
letters conveyed in private ships were subject to a
ship postage of six cents. The United States re-
ceived nothing of that postage. They had no law
for taking any postage on letters going to Europe
or coming hither from Europe in private ships. In
addition to all that, it was to be borne in mind that
the United States were thus maintaining, by their
money, ships which in time of war would be turned
against them. They were public ships, at least
they were designed to become such at any time
when it was deemed necessary. They were under
contract to lie taken into the public service when
occasion icquired. And it was, therefore, intended
that the ships to be employed by the United States
in conveying the mail to Europe should be liable
at any time to be taken into the public service
at the valuation of three competent appraiser!).
Whether they viewed this matter, therefore, with
reference to the various matters connected with it
in time of peace or as connected with the defence
of the country, it appeared to him that by delay
they not only abandoned a profitable enteprise to a
rival people, and neglected to avail themselves of a
useful means of defence, but actually maintained
that which was at any timo liable to be turned
against them. In every view of the subject, it was
one of the highest importance. The danger of de-
lay was manifest. If the ground was not speedily
occupied, it was probable that very soon it would
be impossible for them to enter upon it with hope
of success. He therefore hoped that the sanction
of Congress would be given to this project. He
had stated the other day that it was the opinion of
one of the contractors, Mr. Collins, of New York,
a gentleman of great experience and intelligence,
that the cost of constructing one of these steamships
would not exceed the sum of $500,000, whereas
those built by the Government, and less service-
able, cost §750,000. It was also estimated that the
annual expense of keeping up a steamer of this
magnitude would be about $70,000—making an
aggregate of $350,000 for the tive steamers, which
it was proposed to employ—about the sum desig-
nated for this service. So that these steamships
would be undoubtedly much cheaper than if the
Government undertook to construct them, even
supposing that there was no return for the service.
But he had 110 doubt that when the system was
once in operation, it would be found to be attended
by no expense whatever—that the revenue would
meet all the expenditure. That was his opinion,
formed after the best consideialion which he had
been able to give the subject.
Mr. ALLEN then rose and said, that sensible
of the importance of this subject, he had turned it
over in his mind with some carc. As they were
now at the starting point of a system, the end of
which no one could foresee, he thought that it was
very proper that they should examine the ground
with no little caution. It was proposed to carry
the United States mail between New York and
Liverpool. He had yet to learn that there was
any United States mail between New York and
Liverpool to be carried. He knew of no such
thing in existence as a United States mail between
Liverpool and New York, New York and Liver-
pool, or between any other ports. The foundation
upon which this new system was based, was that
of creating, quietly and under the general power to
regulate the post office, a steam navy, with a view
to the defence of the country, by patronizing par-
ticular companies of men in the construction and
navigation of steamboats. Let them look at this
project a little more closely. In order to be profit-
able, it would be necessary to remove competition.
Was it likely to effect that? Our inland mail trans-
portation is a monopoly. Yet we are likely soon
to have the post office expenditure saddled on the
general treasury. It was, then, absurd to suppose
that, in the ocean, they could carry on the busi-
ness profitably. The honorable gentleman then
went on to argue against the injustice of endowing
a line from New York, to the exclusion of other
ports. Boston, Philadelphia, Charleston,New Or-
leans, and all the chief cities on the coast, would
be petitioning for the establishment of mail lines to
Europe. And then, again, looking at the other
end of the line, Liverpool would not satisfy the
merchants. They would demand a line to the East
Indies, to Buenos Ayres, and so on. It was un-
just to those of our citizens in the interior, to turn
a deaf ear to their calls for additional post offices,
and bestow this immense patronage on lines to Eu-
rope. The farmer had often fifteen or twenty miles
to travel to the nearest post office, thus losing a
day's work. Why not establish post offices for
the accommodation of their people in the interior ?
Besides, he was opposed to the Government enga-
ging, in joint-stock concerns, which had already
mllieted such evil on the country. He wished to
keep this Government clear of all manner of con-
nexion with human combinations—especially mo-
neyed combinations. The example of Great Brit-
ain had been pointed to. That was one reason
why lie would avoid the project. Mr. A. proceed-
ed at some length, and with much vehemence, to
oppose the whole project of establishing the pro-
posed steam communication with Great Britain for
the conveyance of the mails.
Mr. DAYTON had only a few words to say;
and although not affecting a full knowledge of all
the details, yet he could correct certain errors in
point of fact of the Senator from Ohio. The mat-
ter did not appear to him (Mr. D.) to call for great
excitement. It was a simple matter of business.
The Senator had said he did not know of any law
recognising a United States mail to Liverpool. If
that meant anything, it meant that the Govern-
ment had no right to send a United States mail to
Liverpool. It was too late to make such an objec-
tion. By the act of March, 1845, the Postmaster
General was authorized to contract for sending the
mail to Liverpool. But the Senator said it was
giving bounties to companies to override the ener-
gies of individuals. That was talking without the
book. Did the Senator forget that this very con-
tract was made with an individual by public adver-
tisement? But they were told that they were about
to «;ive bounties to enable companies to compote
with the British lines. Again: the Senator was
talking without the book. Had he forgot that the
postage was now enormous? And yet he talked
of the "cheaper postage" of the British lines!
Instead of increasing they would diminish the post-
age to which American citizens were now subject-
ed. Great, Britain got about forty cents on every
letter sent to this country, and the United States
got nothing. That was what the Senator in his
loose language called the cheaper postage of the
British lines. The Senator spoke of a joint-stock
partnership. How? Did it arise from the per-
mission to take, if we wished, the steamer at a
valuation? That was altogether optional. The
Senator had been altogether mistaken as to the
matters of fact. Mr. D. then went on to describe
the contract of the Government with Mr. Mills,
for the purpose of refuting the allegation of the
Senator from Ohio, that the contract was equiva-
lent to a joint-stock partnership. He then spoke
of the va&t advantages which would accrue from
the establishment of the proposed line of steamers.
It was idle to say that this and that point would
need the same accommodation. The line united
two important points in the two continents from
which the mail would be distributed in the most
extensive manner possible, not merely as a matter
of post office revenue, but in view of the great and
obvious commercial advantages which would flow
from it. The proposed measure was one preemi-
nently worthy of the favorable action of Congress.
Mr. HUNTINGTON remarked that the amend-
ment had a double aspect. Under existing laws
it might be doubtful whether Congress had the'
power of controlling the Postmaster General in the
contract for the conveyance of the mails to Bre-
