944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9.
men. Not a word was said in the law about sub-
mitting- the contract to Congress for its approba-
tion. He had made the contract as authorized.
Though he (Mr. H.) thought the line to Bremen
would be a failure, yet he was for carrying it into
effect, if the contract was obligatory, having been
fairly made. He would not hesitate m authorizing
it, by making the appropriation. He hoped the
time would never come when the United States
would refuse to fulfil its contracts. "Whatever in-
dividuals and States might do, he trusted that the
faith of the nation itself would never be disgraced
and broken by a refusal to comply with the obli-
gations of a contract. lie wished the subject
brought fully before the attention of Congress, in
that aspect particularly. He thought that the line
to stand was that between the two great commer-
cinl empoiiums of the world—New York and Liv-
erpool. He was opposed to the line to Bremen,
011 the ground that it would be attended with sun-
dry disadvantages, which he pointed out. To the
Cmiard line, they were paying the enormous tax
of from a million and a half to a million and a
quarter of dollars annually in postage and freight.
That line had made nione)—had prospeied so
greatly, that a duplication of the steamers was
contemplated. Not only as a matter of expedi-
ency, but of profit, the establishment of the pro-
posed line was demanded. He made these re-
marks with a view of discovering whether they
would establish two lines or one. With regard to
the contractor, Mr. Collins, of New York, he was
a gentleman who, by enterprise, experience, and
integrity, was eminently fitted for the successful
prosecution of the work in a manner reflecting
lionoi on the country. Piompt action was neces-
sary, as, in case of the duplication of the Cunard
line, contractors would not be so well disposed to
enter 011 the work. The contract for tiie hue to
Liverpool must be for a given time, and a sum
much larger than that wanted. Therefore, on the
whole, as tojhe amendment, he could say, with
great cheerfulness, with regard to the Bremen con-
tract, that if not bound to carry it out, he was op-
posed to it, and would go for the Liverpool line.
If otherwise, then he thought the time had not ar-
rived for two lines.
Mr. SIMMONS thought tliat the Senator labor-
ed under some misapprehension with regard to the
Bremen line. The Postmaster General was au-
thorized to make the contract for that line, as he
was for that to Liverpool, which latter was not
now under consideration. The Bremen contract
had been made. He (Mr. S.) had stated at the
time that these appropriations belonged to the na-
val bill, and the proposition was brought forward
now simply to test the sense of Congiess. Refer-
ring to the remarks of the Senator lVom Ohio,
[Mr. Ai.i.ek',] he would ask if the very fact of the
increase of the steam navigation, which was ab-
sorbing the conveyance of merchandise and pas-
sengeis, was not tiie stiongest argument in favor
of Congress taking such action as would secure to
the citizens of this country a share in the busi-
ness 5
Mr. DIX said he was unwilling to trespass on
the attention of the Senate, and yet he could not
consent to have the question taken without making
a few remarks. The policy of contracting for the
ti ansportation of the mail to foreign countries,
under the direction of the Post Oilicc Department,
was established by the act of the 3d of March last,
lie should take that act for his starting point. He
would not go beyond it for the examina'ion of any
question of power. It authorized the Postmaster
General to contract for the transportation of the
United States mail between any of our ports and a
port or ports of a foreign Power, whenever, in his
opinion, the public interest would be promoted.
All such contracts were to be made with citizens
of the United States, and the mail to be transpos-
ed in American vessels, by American citizens.
The act also contained a provision, by which the
Postmaster General, or Congress, were at liberty
at any time to discontinue or terminate any line
which might be established. Under this act the
Postmaster General issued his advertisement for
proposals for carrying the mails on various routes.
Ileie Mr. Dix read from a report of that officer,
stating that, though authoiity was given to make j
private contracts, it had been thought best to adopt
the usual mode, by public notice. Under the adver-
tisement a variety of propositions had been receiv-
ed, and one, made by Mr. Edward Mills, of New
York, had been accepted. Mr. Mills proposed to
run a line of steameis from New York to Bremen
twicc a month, touching at Cowes, with the privi-
lege of going alternately to Havre. If the line was
run regularly to Bremen, Mr. Mills was to receive
$400,000 per annum for conveying the mails; if al-
ternately to Havre, $350,000; and it was under-
stood, if the arrangement should be concluded, the
alternative would be adopted. After the time lim-
ited by the advertisement for receiving bids or pro-
posals, Mr. Edward K. Collins made a proposition
to run a line from New York to Liverpool. Mr.
Dix here referred to the Postmaster General's re-
port, and read Mr. Collins's proposition, as well
as a recommendation from that officer to Congress in
favor of it. Mr. Collins proposed to run his ves-
sels, which were to be of 2,000 tons burden, with
engines of 1,000 horse power, toLiverpooi,twicea
month for eight months, and once a month for the
other four, for §385,000. Mr. Collins was one of
the most active and intelligent merchants in New
York; he was a man of large capital; he possessed,
in an eminent degree, the confidence of the com-
meicial community; and whatever he undertook
would be executed. Mr. D. said he would now
look at the respective advantages of these two
routes, for the purpose of seeing what probability
there was that the Government would be remune-
rated for the money to be paid in the performance
of this mail service. Bremen-Haven was at the
mouth of the Weser, which furnished an access
into the heart of northern Germany. It was the
chief outlet for the maritime commercial communi-
cations of the Zoll Verein States. The vessels on
this line would touch at Cowes, carrying letters as
well as passengers to England. They would go al-
ternately to Havre, carrying letters and passengers
to the continent. So far as passengers were con-
cerned, the Government had no interest in the mat-
ter. The only question was, whether the Gov-
ernment would be remuneiated by postages on the
letters sent by this route fur the amount it would
pay foi mail service ? He should pass by the po-
litical considerations of an important character m
promoting a more intimate intercourse between us
and countries between which and ourselves it was
desirable that the best understanding should exist.
Liverpool, on the other hand, was the European ter-
minus of the great channel of commorciel inter-
course between the eastern and western hemi-
spheres. Mails would most advantageously follow
these channels. At least four-fifths of the letters
passing between the two hemispheres were sup-
posed to be commercial, and between any two
countries they would bear a just proportion to the
extent of their intercomse. He would now see
what this was. In 1844 and 1845, that is, the year
terminating the 30th of June, 1845, the value of
our imports was as follows:
From England #44,687,859
Prom Prance on the Atlantic.... 20,181,537
From the Hansc towns, of which
Bremen was one   2,932,537
The two latter combined gave.. 23,094,074
Little more than half the value of our imports
from England. In the same year the value of our
exports was as follows:
To England, $46,286,3 78; to France on the Atlan-
tic, $14,322,685; and to the Hanse Towns, $4,945,-
120. The two latter combined, gave $19,267,8U5;
less than half the value of our exports to England.
There was one item in which our export to the
Hanse Towns exceeded that to England : we
earned to the former 4(5,460 hogsheads of tobacco,
and only 26,111 hogsheads to England. Looking,
then, to the commercial intercourse of the coun-
tries terminating or lying upon the two routes, he
should say the Government would be most likely
to be remuneiated for its expenditure for mail ser-
vice oil the Liverpool line. It would unquestion-
ably be safe, looking to pecuniary returns Lalone.
But the arrangement had been made for the Bre-
men line. Expectation had been strongly excited
in the Zoll Vercm States, between which and
ourselves attempts had been more than once un-
successfully made to put our commercial relations
on a footing of greater intimacy; and if the pro-
position should not now be sanctioned, it would
undoubtedly be a source of great disappointment.
He would not say the Government was absolutely
pledged, as the proposal had been accepted on the
condition that an appropriation should be made by
Congress, and the appropriation was necessary to
perfect it. But he believed both lines might stand,
as proposed by the chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, [Mr. Niles.]
They do not necessarily interfere. Our intercourse
with Great Britain would alone sustain one, and
heleftit-to Senators to radge whether, from the
statistical details he -haa given, the Government
would not be likely to be remunerated by the
other. Mr. D^ here referred to the Postmaster
General's report, to show that 600,000 letters were
annually carried by the Cunard line to Boston.
About 1,000,000 passed through New York alone
to and from Europe, and over 3,000,000 passed
annually between the United States and Europe.
Commercial letters were supposed to average dou^
ble postage, containing as many bills of exchange,
invoices, &c.
There were considerations connected with the
public defence which he would not overlook. The
government had reserved, by the act of the 3d
March, the right to take the vessels on these lines
at an appraisement, if it should want them for war
: purposes. Great Britain covered the ocean with
war-steamers, constructed and supported at her
own expense. She had arrangements with com-
panies for carrying her mails, putting afloat others
which she could command in case of war. France
had also a large number of steamers. She had
some, he knew, in the Mediterranean—war-steam-
ers of the first class, constructed and supported by
the government, but carrying the mails and even
carrying passengers to repay her the expense of
keeping them afloat. We proposed, by paying
for mail service to be performed, to offer an induce-
ment to individuals to build steamers at their own
expense, which mightbecomewar-steamers. They
might be regarded as a substitute for public armed
vessels. We might thus have a steam navy pre-
pared for us, in case of emergency. We should
save the outlay for construction, save the annual
interest on the outlay; save the annual expense of
maintaining them; and save the gradual decay and
loss of the principal. The cost of these vessels
built by individuals would be about two-thirds the
cost of those built by the Government, though
equally good (such was the difference between pub-
lic and private economy;) and if we should take
them we should save this difference in the'cost.
Under the appropriation now to be made there
would be no immediate expenditure.- The appro-
priation was asked to sanction the arrangement.
Time would be required to build thesevessels. And
the government would pay nothing until the mail
service had been actually performed.
Finally, if it should prove an unprofitable ar-
rangement, it might be abandoned. If Congress
was to act at all, it must act now. Arrangements
were on foot to duplicate the Cunard ime, by send-
ing a semi-monthly steamer to New York. If we
established aline to Liverpool, these arrangements
would be abandoned This was well understood.
We now pay, as Senators have stated, a million
and a half of dollars to British steamers for the
transportation of passengers and letters, and for
freight. Were we willing to pay another equal
sum for the purpose of sustaining British steamers,
training their officers, and making them familiar
with our coast and ports ? Pie had no desire to
say a word in discouragement Of the familiar inter-
course which existed between the two countries.
He desired to see it continued. But when we might
wit hout loss enlist our o wn private capital in a great
measure of public defence, it seemed to him unwise
to let the opportunity pass. It was literally our
only opportunity; for if the Cunard line should
once be doubled, we could only do at a serious
sacrifice what we could now do without loss. It
had been said by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Al-
len] that this was a proposition to enter into a
partnership with privileged companies, or particu-
lar individuals, for the construction of steamers.
The Senator appeared to him to misapprehend the
matter. We proposed to have no concern in the
construction of these vessels. They were to be
built with private capital. We had nothing to
do with them till they were built. And then we
were only to pay them a certain sum for perform-
ing a certain service. There was no tnore part-
nership in the transaction than there was between
the Government and a contractor who carried the
mail in his coach on the land. They stood on pre-
cisely the same footing, and there was to be no
more connexion between the parties in the one
case than in the other. * . ,
One word for the city of New York. She had
