THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29tk Congress, 1st Session.
not sought these arrangements. She was not a
smtor to Congress for them. The Postmaster
Creneral had issued his proposals, and they had
been accepted by individuals in New York. This
\vas all. She desired no advantage over her sister
cities. She sought none. She was the proposed
terminus of the line in the United States merely
■because her position made her so.
In conclusion, he would only add, he hoped the
appropriation for both lines would be made: for
the Bremen line, for the reason that the arrange-
ment had been made so far as it depended on the
Post Office Department; for the Liverpool line,
because he believed it would repay the expense of
the proposed mail service, and it was, therefore,
proper to consider its claims by itself and irrespec-
tive of any other.
Mr. MOREHEAD did not regard the Govern-
ment as committed to this line of policy, winch he
considered as exceedingly dangerous. lie did not
concur with his friends from Connecticut [Mr.
Huntington] or Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons]
that the Government was committed to the con-
tract. lie was opposed to the scheme on the
ground ot the expense. Would a steamer once a
month do any great good ?
Mr. SIMMONS corrected the Senator. There
was to be a steamer semi-monthly to each place—
a steamer once a week to Europe.
Mr. MOREHEAI) had assumed the fact; ho
was not as familiar with the details of the measure
as the Senator from lUiocle Island. lint he insisted
that the experiment was dangerous, and they could
not foresee tho vast expense.
Mr. BENTON reinaiked that it was not at all
a new thing to hear of splendid projects by which
the Federal Government was to be made rich.
When ho came there, there was a project lor fill-
ing the cotters of the Government by boiling salt
water. Then there was the scheme of raising live
oak in Florida; and he recollected making a cal-
culation at the time, that for every foot of live oak
they put into their ships, they would pay out a
cubit foot of silver or gold—lie did not recollect
which, nor did he care which—he would stick to
the gold. Now they were to get rich by copper
mines. When the moras multicaulis fever raged,
he expected every day to see a project announced
by which the Government would be enriched by
the moras multicaulis scheme. But it died away.
Now they were to get rich by carrying letters.
Already they were bankrupt by carrying letters
at home; but the carrying of letters to Europe was
to enrich them beyond all calculation. Certainly
it was one of the duties of the Federal Government
to carry letters at home; but it had been a money-
losing, and not a money-making business. The
wise men who established the Government never
entertained the morns multicaulis idea of makmo-
money by carrying letters. lie wished it to be
remembered that on that day he gave it as his
opinion that this project would turn out to be a
morus multicaulis business.
But they were thus to supply themselves with
ships of war ! Well, in other days, men had come
there with heads on (heir shoulders, and after some
reflection, had set about the establishment of navy
yards, with proper workmen, and all necessary ar-
rangements were made for procuring and preparing
the timber and other materials for construclmgships
of war. But now, all of a sudden, that systcniwas to
be superseded by a scheme of getting the ships built
by a kind of partnership. It reminded him very
much of the memorable business transaction of
Moses,in the Vicar of Wakefield. Blind, spavined,
and wind-broken, they were to buy the horse at an
appraisal; and they were to do all this because,
forsooth, Great Britain had done so ! Great Brit-
ain ran a line—where? To Halifax. For what
purpose? To communicate with the Canadian
possessions. And so it was with her steam line
to the West Indies. She went to her own domin-
ions, continental and insular, which she meant to
retain. There was no question as to the British
policy. But there was no analogy between her
policy and that now contemplated by this project. !
The whole thing was absurd. As well mMit it be '
60
THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 1846.
contended that this nation should be involved in a
debt of nine hundred millions sterling, because the
national debt of Great Britain amounted to that
sum, as propose to establish steam lines because
Great Britain had done so. We hud heard of many
wild projects—this was one of the wildest. The
Governmont was committed to nothing in this mat-
ter; and if it were, he would violate the obligation
at all hazards, rather than embark in such an en-
terprise. He had spoken on two or three occa-
sions during the session, because he could not help
it. He now spoke willingly, because he wished to
express his entire disapprobation of this whole
scheme.
Mr. DAVIS thought that the views of the Sen-
ator from Missouri just expressed, were not as liber-
al as those which were usually presented by him.
ITe (Mr. D.) considered it ail open question. It
was not a fair view to represent this as a specula-
■ tion for making money by conveying letters. That
was not the object of the policy. The object was
to afford additional means ot commercial inter-
course. Who did not acknowledge the great ad-
vantages now flowing from the speed and rcgu-
laiity of the steam navigation of the Atlantic.''
During the last four years, the arrivals of the
steamers at the port of liostmi, in the month of
May, had not varied twelve hours. Great Britain
I received more than the bonus of ninety thousand
1 pounds annually, which she paid to the steam lines.
Mere a motion was nuuie to adjourn, as it was
now late in the afternoon.
Mr. SPEIGHT called for the yeas and nays.
The call was seconded, and iheijucstiun was about
to be put; when
Mr, C1UTTI<*NDFN desired to oOt:r a resolu-
tion, as he expected to be absent for n few days
from tiie city, and he hoped that the Senator from
Mississippi would accommodate hi in.
Mr. SPKKiliT. f am wilting to do anything
| to accommodate the gentleman, if he is going to
j leave the city. [A laugh.j
j Some conversation took place on the point of
order.
Air. BERUIEN hoped that the Senator from
Kentucky would bo allowed to offer his resolution.
He had been patiently awaiting on his feet nn op-
portunity to do so, since the motion to adjourn was
made.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, ever since.
Mr. KRRR1EN earnestly ho}>ed that such meek-
ness would not be suffered to go without its re-
ward .
Mr. CRITTENDEN then introduced the follow-
ing resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of such
appropriations as may be necessary to carry into
effect a contract made on the part of the Govern-
ment with J. I>. Fcrricbault & Pelugee Fcrricbault,
for the purchase of the island at the confluence of
the rivers St. Peter's and Mississippi.
Mr. SEVIER then offered a joint resolution cor-
recting a clerical error m a bill glassed the other
day.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the said House
do insist upon their amendment in the bill making
alterations m the pay department of the army, and
asking the appointment of a committee on the part
of the Senate to confer with a similar committee of
the House.
Also, announcing that said House had passed
the (House) bill to authorize the President of the
United States to sell the reserved mineral lands in
the States of Illinois and Arkansas and Territories
of Wisconsin and Iowa, supposed to contain lead
ore.]
And then, at a late hour, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 9, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. BOYD, in pursuance of the request yester-
day made, and for the reasons then stated by him,
New Series....No. 60.
was excused from further service on the Committee
on the Territories,
And Mr, Kaufman was announced as having
been appointed in his place.
The SPEAKER announced^ that the special or-
der of the day was the consideration of Territorial
business.
THE SECRET SERVICE FUND.
Mr. VINTON, from the select committee here-
tofore appointed under the following resolution, to
wit:
llesolved, That another select committee of five
members be appointed to inquire into the truth of
the charges tins day made m this House by Mr.
Charles J. IngcrsoU against Mr. Daniel Webster,
with a view to founding an impeachment against
said Daniel Webster; and that said committee have
power to send for persons, papers, books, and
vouchers—
Rose, and asked leave to make a report.
Objection was made.
Mr. VINTON moved that the rules be suspend-
ed to enable him to make the report.
The SPEAKER said it was not competent for
the gentleman to make such a motion, because the
House was already acting under a suspension of
the rules in the consideration of the special order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. The report can be made
( by general conscnt.
Mr. VINTON asked it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton] asks the unanimous consent of the
House to make a report from a select committee.
Cries on all sides, "Agreed,"
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. VINTON presented the report.
Mr. JOSEPH 11. INGERSOLL rose to request
that the bill from the Senate, on the Speaker's
table, in relation to French spoliations, be taken up,
and referred.
The SPEAKER. The motion will not be in
order until the House has disposed of the subject
matter before it.
Mr. DOUGLASS called for the special order.
Mr. VINTON, (proceeding after the interrup-
tion.) The report concludes-with two resolutions.
One is simply a resolution asking that the commit-
tee be discharged from the further consideration of
the subject, and that the report be laid on the table
and printed.
There is another resolution that requires imme-
diate action, if it be acted on at all. But to under-
stand that resolution, it will be necessary that the
report should be read. It is not long, and I ask
that it be read.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he felt compelled to call
for the special order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot now
do so. The Chair expressly announced that the
business before the House was the consideration
of the special order. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vi>tton] then rose and asked leave to make a
report. No objection was made. The report of
the committee is now before the House, and must
be disposed of in some way or other before the
House can proceed to the transaction of other
business.
Mr. DOUGLASS. Then I move to lay the re-
port on the table.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON, And to print.
Several voices: " Let us know the contents first
Read,read."
Objection was made to the reading.
The SPEAKER. The reading of the report is
called for, and is objected to. The question is,
Shall the report be read ?"
There is evidently a majority up. The report
will be read.
The report was then read, and is as follows:
Tlif> Select Committee of tho House of Representatives
appointed to investigate certain charges made by the Hon.
Charles J. Xxofrsoll against the Hon. DanielWfbster
foi ottieial misconduct while he held the office of Secretary
of Rtate of the United States, beg leave to report t
That toey ha^e given to the subject referred to them a pa-
tient and labouous investigation, and have collected a large
mass of testimony, the result of which, only, without going
