946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 0,
into Us details, they deem it neces^aiy to present to the j
House. .
The committee, in the fir-t place, directed their attention
to the rir&t chaige against Mi. Web-lei ; that, without t.iu
knowledge of the President of the tlnm-d States, :111a con-
tiary to usage, he hud taken out of the hand> ot the o.umarv
disbuismg agent and into Ins own a portion of t.iat p.ul of
tiie foreign nitereoiusc fund, eommonlv kno\\n Ihe
Scciet Service Fund," and appropriated it to tus own ihe.
The committee find that, by law, tin-* fund is committed to
the exclusive control of the Piu^iuent 01 tiie United States,
w ho may, if lie think ptoper, keep the money him>e!f, and
disbut.-e it from his own h jjuU ; 01 he may commit the keep-
in? and disbiu&emeiit of it to such agent or agents under his
direction .is he may deem it expedient to appoint. In con-
sequence, as the committee pte«-ume, of the many and im-
portant duties which neees-saril) constantly occupy the whole
tnne and attention of the Pie-idem ot the Uiukd States, s>o
as to render it veiy troublesome and difficult ior him, in
person, to keep and disburse tins tund and make up its ac-
counts, he has always, hom the linst establishment ot the
Government, entrusted the di-.charge of these duties to other
hands.
As the Secretary of Stat3 of tho United States !.< pecu-
liarly the confidential adviser of the Piendent 111 whatever
concerns the foivigu ri hiiion^ of the countiy, lie would
seem to be the natuial and appropnate agent for the dis-
charge of these dutu\-«, if he could peifonn them without
d< tuinent to other public business of lu^het i.npoitanee.
Accordingly, the committee find that, in tiie Administiation
of Geneial Washington, the elder Ad.uns, and paitof tuat
of Mr. Jeffetson, while the othev < t {Seeivt.uy ot State was
held 111 sjuceesbion by Mr. Jay, JeueifOu, ll'iudolph, Pieke. -
ing, Maisliall, and part of tuo time tiiat Mr. Madison held
that olliee under Mr. Jelie.son, the whole of tin- fund wa.-,
under the direetion and supei \ irion ot the Pieaidento; the
United States, leceived, kept, and di-.hmsed by ti e Seue- j
taiy of State.
In the early pait of Mi. Jeflerson's Administration. the J
Secretary of Siate, without any law requiring 11, r-e« m> to have
been relieved from the disohaisje ot tub dutv, and the keep-
mg and disbuismg of this fund, under the Pie^idt ntV dnee-
tiou, app"ars to have been pa-^ed ovei into the hands of
agents, whose accounts, after receiving the amotion ot the
Pioident, are settled at the Troasui). But no change lias
been made 111 tho law or 111 the powers or duties 01 the Pi ev-
ident m reaped to this fund from the timcot General Wash-
ington to the piesent (lay. 'Puis change must have been
made for the convenience of the Secretary ot Stat-, and not
fiom any want of confidence which Mi. Jedieison had m
Mr. Madi>on.
The committee have examined Mr. Tyler, the late Pi evi-
dent of the United State-., lie teshlied that when he came
into the Presidency, he found the Ionian relation.:* ot tiie
countiy in a very delicate condition m eeitjin paiueiilai.-,
which the committee do not deem it expedient to r peeily,
requiring, in lus opinion, the employment ot eonfulentiai
agents; and, for reasons assigned by luin to tiie eommittee,
lie regarded InsSecietury ot State as the fittestpeison to se-
lect and employ them. Under an impression entertained
both by hnn and Mr. Wcbhtei that this was the us*uil and
proper mode, he sugge*ted that the money .should be dis-
buised by Mr. Webster ; and for that purpose placed m his
hands a poition of the loioigu hiteroouiae fund wnieh uas
then ljmg in depo-ite with Mr. Stublx, the ordmaiy dishutv- 1
ing agent. Tins had not been done bcfoie foi along time ;
A knowledge of the modern u*iil"' m respect to the keeping
and disbarring tins fund, it h not imputable, led Mr lngei-
soll into the erroneous beliel that this money had < ome im-
properly, and without the Pr< sidenfs smetion, at Mr. Web-
stei's instance, into his hand;-. Uut then* can be no doubt
that the Ptesident had ample authoiity to connnit to bn
Secretory the keeping and disbursing of this money, and
that he alone had a right to judge of its expediency. The
committee find from the le-timony that ail the money put
into his hands was placed thoie with the knowledge and
sanction and by order of the Pie-ident, and >0 mueii of it
wu.4 necessary was du-binsed in accordant e with lu > views.
A balance, not needed foi the pmpo^o contempl.iU d, was
aftei wards returned by Mr. VVeb^tei to Mi. Stubbs, tiie di-<- ■
buismg asent, with whom, the UMimonv chows, there is
usually on deposit© a largei amount of mi, e> than i^roquned
to meet present demands. With these irniailo; the com-
mittee dismi-s thi^, and pioeeed to notice the see.md chaise.
In that chaigo Mi. Iu eiM.ll .aet use-, Mr. Webster with
umiu> the public money to coi nipt the paitypre-s.es. Amom.'
tiie agents employed by Mr. Webstei, under the auihonty
ot the Piesideut as above explained, was Mr. Fiunei- < >. J.
Smith, of the State oi Maine. There 1- m the Departm. nt
of State, among the paper* ldating to the «eoiet sei wee
fund, a letter fiom that gentleman to Mr. W<b* tei, which
contains an expret-sion that, une\phnned, m uht justly 1- ad
to the impression that be (Mi Smif'i) had use.I the money
of the Government in that way. The committee have Itiiiy |
investigated this charge. Th"y do not deem lfiece—aiy or
expedient to go into a specification ot the uct^ oi t!nw ayent,
who was employed in a sec let seiva e, or to inqune into the
propriety of employing agents foi seciet seivicc witmn the ,
limits of The United Stales and paying them our of the con- |
tingent fund fur foreign intercourse, but will content them- J
selves with simply remarking that the te-tnnOiiy the) have 1
taken fully explains whatever is of ob-cuie or doubtful |
moaning 111 this letter, and iemo\es every foundation tor a ;
belief or even a suspicion that the public money was used j
or attempted to be used to cojiupt the party pi esses. This i
brings the committee to the, third and best charge; that
when Mr. Webster went out of office he was a public de-
faulter.
From an examination of his accounts, it appeals that,
when he retired fioin office, there was of the monevs that
had been entrusted to him an apparent balance of I
in his hands as stated by Mr. Ingersoll. The expendiluio .]
of this sum remained to be accounted for by him. Theie ij
seems to have been delay in procuring vouchers from the |;
agents whom Mr. Webster had employed for the moneys j>
advanced by him to them. For a pajment of a thousand '
dollars, which he claimed to have made out of the fund in Ij
his hands, he alleged the vouchors had been lost, mislaid. 01 !!
not procured, and it has not yet been found or obtained, U
though efioits weie made by lnm to find or procure it.
The..e causes occasioned a delay m the settlement of his
accounts foi some eighteen or twenty months.
In the autumn of 1844, the period having ai rived when it
was necessary for Mr. Stubbs to close hi- accounts at the
Tieasuiy, and Mr. Webster not having tlvn procured the
necessary vouchers, he propo-ed to pay the apparent bal-
ance against him, with the understanding that the Govern-
ment should refund to him, il lie subsequently procured the
evidence of lus payments. This proposition, which pro-
ceeded fium Mr. Webster, was acced d to by the Pi evident
of the United States In the month of November of that
year, Mr. Webster piocured a voucher for a payment of
and paid m ca-h 090, the residue of the apparent
balance m his hands. This money was remitted by mm 111
part fiom Boston and in pait from Philadelphia. In the fol-
lowing winter, lie visited Washington, and on the 1st of
Febiuary, 1645, piesented vouchers for payment^ made by
hnn while in office, and not before credited to him, to the
amount of 1,0.30, which the President of the United States
directed to be refunded, and that amount wax then repaid
to him. Mr. Webster w.is uiged In Mr. Stubbs to collect
and tian^mit bis accounts and vouchee, that Mi. Stubbs
might close his accounts with the Tieasury, but the com-
mittee find no evidence of any threat of e\po-u:e having
been made by the Pi evident, which induced the payment ot
the apparent balance against him.
ii it be a-sumed that'Mr. Webster was correct in Ins im-
pression, that he had paid the above-mentioned thousand
doli.us out of The fund 111 lu< handx, and if to this amount
be added the vouchers foi $l,li3(), procured by hnn aftei his
retirement from ottiee, making together ^,^>0, and this last
amount be dcducttd fiom .y3,29i), the appaient balance
against lnm, u will show Hint the real balance in his hands,
when lie went out of office, was .^-10 only. On icviewing
lus accounts, the keepms ot which wax "for Die most part
entiu-ted by lnm to Mr. Stubbs, tiie disburMisgageut, the com-
mittee have been led to doubt whether, 011 the final settle-
ment, an item of £500 was not by mistake earned to Ins
credit, which had been bcfoie allowed him. This en01
was pointed out to the committee by the di>bnr-mg agent,
by whom the account was diawn up and the settlement
made. lie pioves that it was at his own suggestion, and
net at that 01 Mr. Webster, that this item was cariied to his
credit in the final settlement, it is not neee-san to go into
the paiticulais of,the history of this item, and ot the cause
of ihe mist ike, it one was made. Tiie committee deem it
sutiicicnt to lemark, that no blame n imputed to Mr. Weh-
stei, who, they are satisfied, u as not aware, and probably
is not now, that tins item had been belbie ciedited to him;
noi n the di-buir>'ng agent, who dnwup the iiem-wf the
f.nal settlement, liable to tile chaige of negligence. If it be
as-umed that tins item v, a- twice allowed to him, and that
tin; final settlement was made m all other lespccus coneet,
then, m refunding to Mi. Webster, he should have been
repaid ,v.">,<0 only, in-stead of .*1,050. Hut if Mr. Wcb.-ter
was not''mistaken in the b< hot that be had paid the thou-
sand dollars above mentioned, then tho Government still
owes him &/500.
The committee deem any comments on the above facts
connected with this charge, unnecessary. In their opinion,
there ix no proof in relation to am ot'the charges to nnpeneh
Mi. Web-tei's int' gt it/, or the puut\ ol hi- motives in the
dix< haige oi the duties'o! lux othee. The value ol this opin-
ion 1- pei hap-, to soine extent, enhanced by the fi< t? that,
m then investigation, the committee, m ob-eivat ce of the
Usage in similar tasc-. Inne faken the testimony without
notice to hi 111, m his absence, without < ommuuH atem with
hnn, or explanation from lnm. In conclusion, ihey beg pei-
mission to icmark, that tlieii investigation has brought out
laets (w Inch are embodied 111 the testimony) connected with
the foreign relations 01'the countiv, the di^clo-aiio of which
public policy would seem to loihnl. Ou ibis subject, they
entiK ly concur with the Pre-ident of the United States in
the views so fully and stiongly cntorccd by bun in lus mes-
sage nt the pie-ent session, in answer to a resolution of the
Hou-e, requesting a communication to it of the same facts
that are embodied m the testimony taken by tfie committee,
and which, for reasons then assigned, he declined to com-
niunicat" or make pul he, except with a view to an impeach-
ment, and to fmm&li the pioof neecxt-ary to attain the great
end-, ol public justice. 3Io e.xpiesscd the opinion, that even
in thai < use, the I louse should adopt all wi.e precautions to
prevent the unnecessary exposure of matters, the publication
oi which might injuriously affect the public niteiesr. No dis-
sent tiom flio views of that message wax expie-«ed by the
House. The (ommittee, theiefoie, think that these facts
were laid open lo their view with an implied understanding,
both oil the part of sue President ami of tlx Ibmse, that they
would be made; public only in tJie event of an impeachment,
and of then being nece-saiy for bringing to justice great pub-
he delinquents. Inasmuch, tbeiefore, as no evidence has
beon exhibited to the committee, which can Iny any founda-
tion lor an impeachment, all the HUboii.. which induced the
PicsidenL to decline to make thc-c laets public in the call of
the House, leturn in their full foiee against their disclosuie
now.
They therefore lecommcnd tii.it they be discharged from
the fiuthei consideiainm of tius suhpet, and that the testi-
mony taken by them (which accompanies this icport) lie
sealed up, eruloised « Confidential," mui depo-ited in the
aicluve- of the House, not to be opened unless by its order.
And they icpoit resolutions accordingly.
Retolvcil, That the testimony taken in this investigation
be sealed up by the Clerk, undei the su pel vision of the Com-
mitt< e, < ndorst d '• Coniideiitial,* and d< posited in the ar-
chive-: of the House, ami that the same Ic not opened unless
by i'- oi del.
Ilesohed, That this icport be laid on the table and printed,
ami that the seh-ctcommittee be dischaiged fiom the furthei
eon-ideration ot the subject.
Bigned and subnntti d by HAMUEL F. VTNTON,
JICKKERrtON DAVIS,
DANIEL P KING,
hKABOLIN JONES.
The report liaving been read—
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to lay ou the table.
Mr. BOYD. And to print.
The SPEAKER. And to print.
Mr. BOYD. I move the previous question on
the motion to print. /
Mr. BRINKERHOFF. I hope the motion will
be withdrawn, to enable me to make a minority-
report from the same committee.
Mr. S. JONES, (a member of the committee.)
I hope the House will allow me to make a remark
in connexion with the minority report which the
gentleman desires to submit.
Mr. HOPKINS. I suggest to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Douglass] to withdraw his
motion, so as to allow the two reports to be print-
ed together.
Mr. DOUGLASS. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF. Being unable to agree
in all the conclusions arrived at by the "majority of
the select committee, on which, without solicitation
or previous knowledge on my part I was placed, I
have thought it my duty to present these points in
which I disagree, briefly, in the shape of a minor-
ity icport, which I hope may be received and or-
dered to be printed.
It is, however, due to the House to state that in
this minority report I have embodied the letter
from Mr. F. O. J. Smith, of Maifie, to Mr. Web-
ster, referred to i'11 the majority report, and which
substantially corresponds with the statement of
Mr. C. J. Ingersoll at the time the charges were
made.
I have felt it due to truth and justice, as con-
nected with all parties in the controversy, and to
the facts of the case, to embody that letter in my
report. I state this to avoid the imputation of a
desire on my part to smuggle the letter before the
House or the country without the permission of
the House.
Mr. SEABORN JONES said that before the
minonty report was received, he desired to submit
a question to the decision of the House. If the
House would advert, in its recollection, to the re-
port which had been made by the majority of the
committee, it would perceive that ampie justice had
been done to Mr. Ingersoll, who had brought for-
ward these charges, by the declaration of the com-
mittee in relation to his impression—that from the
examination of the letter of Fog Smith (as he was
sometimes called,) he (Mr. Ingersoll) was war-
ranted in the impression he had taken up. v Now,
the reading of that letter, or the exposure of it,
could not place Mr. Ingersoll on higher ground.
The committee said that he was warranted—
(Mr. J. might not use the precise words of the
sentiment, but he spoke the sentiment itself)—that
there was sufficient evidence to warrant him in the
conclusion he had drawn from the letter, that an
attempt had been made to corrupt the party press,
for the purpose of carrying out the views of the ad-
ministration, or for some other purpose. And the
committee said that from the mere reading of that
letter, unexplained by other evidence, Mr. Inger-
soll was warranted in coming to the conclusion a
which he had arrived. The publication of the let-
ter could be of no other service than that. It could
not placc Mr. Ingersoll on ground higher than that
on which the committee had placed him. It was
their intention, so far as a conclusion drawn from
prima facie evidence could accomplish that object,
lo place Mr. Ingersoll on the highest ground—to
say, that a prima facie case had been made out in
support of his opinion. But the committee at the
same time said that this opinion would be entirely
changed by an examination of the testimony taken
in connexion with the subject—that they had ex-
amined that testimony, and had come to the con-
clusion that no such attempt had been made; that
there had been no improper use of the public funds;
that there had been 110 intention inconsistent with
probity and honor in the disbursement of that
fund in connexion with the public press. It would
be unjust—it would be improper—it would be ini-
quitous to publish that letter unconnected with the
explanatory testimony. And the committee had
submitted a resolution asking, in accordance with
the recommendation of the Piesidenl, when the tes-
timony was asked, and when he refused to furnish
it, that it should not be disclosed. Why? Be-
cause the President had said, that ho would not
disclose it, except for the purpose of an impeach-
ment. And the report went on, and almost in so
many words, asked the House-not to disclose it,
except it was intended for that purpose. • He (Mr.
J.) believed that he did not misrepresent the gen-
