1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
949
of March, 1845, as relates to the boundaries of
Io\va4 was taken up.
The bill defines the northern boundary of Iowa
on the parallel of 43° 30T north latitude.
Mr. YINTON moved to amend by striking out
"30V' and asked for the yeas and nays on his
motion. They were taken, and are as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quinsy Ad ims, Aslnnun,
Bell, Blanchard, Butiingtori, William W. Campbell, Colla-
mer, Collin, Cran ton, Gtozier, Culver, De Mott, Dockery,
Ellsworth, John H. £win^, Foot, Gid.lin??, Hamlin, Hamp-
ton, Harper, Hemck, 13. B. Holmes, Hough, Samuel L).
Hubbard, Hudson, Hungerfoulj Warrington Hunt, Jo-
seph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James H. johnson, Lewis,
Long, McClean, McClelland, McHeury, Mellvame, Marsh,
Morns, Moseley, Niven, Pollock, Rathbuu, Julius Rockwell,
iloot, Resell, Ssaman, Caleb B. Smith, Starkweather,
Stewart, Strohn), Strong, Sykcs, Benjamin Thompson, Til-
den, Trumbo, Vinton, Wiieatou, Wmthrop, Wood, Wood-
worth, Wri*rht, and Voiing-—(id.
NAVS--Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Barringer,
Bedinger, Benton, James Black, James A. Black, Bovvhn,
Boyd, Milton Biown, William G. Brown, Burt, Catheart,
John (J. Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chap-
man, Chase, Clarko, Cobb, Cocke, Cullnm, Cummins, Cun-
ningham, Jjauiiel, Ddrgan, Ganett Davis, Jelfetson Davis,
Dillingham, Dobbin, Douglass, Diomsjoole, Dunlap, Erd-
man, Furan, Ftcklm, Garvin, Gib-*, Guidon, Graham, Gil-
der, Harmanson, Isaac E. Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, G. S.
Houston, Uuutci, Charleb J. lngei->oli, Andrew Johnson,
<}';urge W. Jones, Kennedy, Leake, La Sere, lagon,
Lumpkin, McClornand, Josoph J. Ale Dowell, James Mc-
Dowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Barkley Mariin, Moulton,
Owen, Parish, Pendleton, Peuill, Periy, Phelps, Real,
Relic, Rhett, Ritter, itobeita, Sawyei, St-aimmm, Alcxandm
1). Siuis, Leonard K. Sims, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Stephens, St. John, Thomasson, James Thompson, Jacob
Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Toombs,Towns, Tredway,
White, Wi-ck, and Woodward— 91.
So Mr. Vintont's amendment was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third tinio; and, being engrossed, it was im-
mediately read the third time, and passed.
The bill to grant a quantity of land to aid in the
improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, and
to connect the same by a canal in the Territory of
Wisconsin, was next taken up.
The amendments reported from the Committee
■of the Whole were read, and concurred in.
The bili was further amended, on motion of Mr.
MARTIN, of "Wisconsin, and was ordered to be
•engrossed and read the third time; and, being en-
grossed, was read the third time, and passed.
The bill to authorize the constituted authorities
of the county of Polk, in the Territory of Iowa, to
-enter a quarter section of land for a county scat,
was taken up; and, no amendment being reported
from the Committee of the Whole, it was ordered
to be engrossed and read the third time; and, being
engrossed, it was forthwith read a third time* and
passed.
THE STOCKBRIDG& INDIANS. '
The bill to repeal the act of the 3d March, 1843,
entitled " An act for the relief of the Stockbridge
tribe of Indians, in the Territory of Wisconsin,
and for other purposes," was taken up.
The first section of the bill repeals the act of 3d
March, 1843, which made the whole Stockbridge
tribe of Indians residing in the Territory of Wis-
consin citizens of the United States, and restores
to them their ancient form of government. By the
act of 1843, individual Indians were authorized to
sell the lauds which might be parcelled out to them
from the lands of the tribe.
The first amendment reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole proposes to add to the first sec-
tion the following:
"Provided, That all titles to land acquired by
third persons shall bo valid."
Mr. JENKINS opposed the amendment, and
exposed the means and the frauds resorted to to
acquire lands from the Indians, the titles to which
were to be made valid by the amendment.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said the amendment
had been before the Indian Committee, and was
voted down by the committee. He entirely con-
curred in all that had been said by the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. MARTIN, of Wisconsin, defended the
amendment; as also the proceedings in the pur-
chase of the lands.
Mr. JENKINS rejoined, and went into particu-
lars in support of his assertions of fraud and im-
proper proceedings in these purchases.
The amendment was voted down by acclama-
tion.
The other amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole were then concurred in; and
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read the
third time.
And being engrossed, the bill was read the third
time and passed.
The bill to equalize the compensation of the sur-
veyors general of the public lands of the United
States aud for other purposes, was next in order.
The amendment reported from the Committee of
the Whole, which proposes to strike out the sur-
veyor general of Arkansas, so as to exclude him
from the benefits of the bill, was read, and dis-
agreed to.
And the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
And being engrossed, it was read the third time
and passed.
The bill disaffirming all laws of the Territories
of Iowa and Wisconsin grafting banking priv-
ileges, and the bill to establish an additional land
office in Iowa, were severally taken up in their or-
der; and no amendment having been made to either
of them in Committee of the Whole, they were
severally read a third tunc and passed.
PAYMENT OF IOWA MILITIA.
The bill to provide for the payment of Iowa
militia called into service in the border troubles
with Missouri in December, 1839, next came up.
This bill was reported from the Committee of
the Whole with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
Mr. BLACK, though not advocating so much of
the bill as appropriated to pay the troops called out
by Iowa, insisted that the sum of ^,484 ought not
,.to be refused to pay the poor farmers for the value
of their com and pork taken from them by force at
the point of the bayonet for the subsistence of the
troops.
Mr. VINTON said that this was a bill making
appropriations for the pay of the officers and sol-
diers raised by Iowa in resisting a tax levied by
the State of Missouri on a portion of her citizens,
on the ground that the territory on which they re-
sided constituted a part of the State of Missouri.
When Missouri sent her sheriff to collect the tax,
the Governor of Iowa, a mere agent of the United
States, presiding over a territory which was a de-
pendency of the United Stales, undertook to call
out the militia, and went to war with the State of
Missouri. Aud this was the bill asking Congress
to pay the expenses of the militia so called out.
The power to call out the militia of the country to
resist invasion or to suppress insurrection was one
of the most delicate and dangerous powers that j
could exist in a free government; and it was grant- |
"cd by the Constitution to Congress, and to Con- !
gress alone. Should insurrection or invasion oc.- ,
cur, the Governor of a State might call out the \
militia, if authorized so to do by Congress. The (
Governor of Iowa, instead of sending to thePresi- '
dent or consulting Congress, of his own mere mo- \
tion called out a military force, and made open war ;
on the State of Missouri, an act for which he had :
no more authority than any member of that House. :
IIis government was an agency established for the i
convenience of the Union; it belonged to the United j
States; it was our government; the Governor was |
our agent; it was for Congress to say whether the i
militia of one of its Territories should be called out j
or not. i
Mr. DODGE appealed to Mr. Vinton- to say I
whether, in the like circumstances, he should not J
have done the same thing?
Mr. VINTON replied most emphatically in the j
negative. As it was a question which could be j
decided by Congress alone, he certainly should |
never undertake to decide it for himself. He should '
have, as a Territorial Governor, no such power. !
This Governor of Iowa was, he believed, the same j
Mr. Lucas who had cut just the same sort of caper ;
in Ohio. Mr. V. had been opposed to both pro- |
ceedmgs. This was no mere question of dollars !
and cents; it was a question of principle, and one !
of the deepest moment. The appropriation of
^10,000 was nothing; the principle was every thing.
Let such a power as this once be recognised in the
Governor of a Tcrritoiy, and by and by we should
have a little Territorial Governor away off m Ore-
gon, or California, (if we got it,) who would un-
dertake to make war at his own discretion. Were
gentlemen prepared to foot his bills? Pass this
bill, and it would become a precedent to authorize
internal war on every petty dispute between two
States as to their boundary.
In this case there could be no plea of alleged
necessity. What if Missouri did levy a tax when
the people of Iowa thought she had no right to do
it; was that a cause to justify the shedding of
blood ? The fact ought to have been immediately
reported to the President, that by him it might be
submitted to Congress. That was the pacific,
the proper, the constitutional course; but instead
of this, the Governor of Iowa had called on the
people to stand to their arms and fight the State
of Missouri. The gentleman from Iowa said it
was the duty of the Governor to execute the laws*,
that was a question which belonged to Congress
alone. It was for Congress to say how its laws
should be executed within its own territory. There
was no safety for the public liberty when the
power to call out troops was given to any other
hands. It belonged to the United States to say
whether these people should yield to the authority
of the Legislature of Missouri or not. This was
a question that did not belong to the Governor of
Iowa; no, nor to the people of Iowa either. When
a similar case had occurred between Michigan and
Ohio, the Michigan tioop.s wore not paid, and he
believed they remained unpaid to this day; and so
he trusted they would always remain. In the last
Congress n communication was made by the Gov-
ernor of Wisconsin, and, certain resolutions had
been passed by her Legislature as to her bounda-
ries. It was said that the United States Govern-
ment had given up part of Wisconsin to the States
of Indiana and Illinois, and in forming the new
State of Michigan they had invaded the Territory
of Wisconsin; and he gave us notice that if we did
not give it back, he would fight the whole of us.
True, it was an unequal contest, but the people of
Wisconsin would appeal to the God of battles.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DODGE. But this was not Iowa.
Mr. VINTON. No; Iowa had not got quite
so far. But he citcd this as an example to show
what would come of allowing such doctrines to
prevail, Missouri was ready to fight the United
States, Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, yes, and Great
Britain, too; she was ready to meet the whole of
them. Let the doctrine be sanctioned by Congress,
and these forays would soon be abundant among
us. They were all revolutionary in principle; and
whoever was a friend to free government, to true
and regulated liberty, was bound to set his face
against them. If we would preserve our freedom,
let us keep a jealous eye on this power of calling
out the militia.
Mr. BLACK, of South Carolina, said he should
be very far from calling in question the truth or wis-
dom of the principles laid down by the able gentle-
man fiona Ohio. lie admitted them all. But he
rose to call the attention of the House to the fact
that the Governors of Iowa and Michigan were of-
ficers of the United States Government; and he
submitted to the House whether they ought not to
pay the unoffending citizens from whom these Gov-
ernment oilicers had taken their corn and their pork
at the point of the bayonet? Assuredly these peo-
ple ought to be paid. He would not say that the
Governor of Iowa was right in what he had done;
! he dul not ask the House to appropriate for the
j pay of the oiEccrs aud men; all he pleaded for was
i that these farmers should not be allowed to suffer
by what they could not prevent or resist.
Mr. VINTON said these officers had been mere
trespassers, and were liable for what they had done.
Mr. DODGE, in extenuation, if not in vindica-
tion of what Governor Lucas had done, stated that
he did write to the Secretary of State (and he quo-
ted the letter) asking for instructions from the
President in 1839. And as to Congress deciding
| the matter, Congress had never decided it to this
1 day. A bill had once, indeed, passed by a ma-
! jority of two-thirdj; but that was in the absence of
| the gentleman from Ohio. Ever since that ever-
vigilant gentleman had returned to his seat in the
House, he had whipped Mr. D. upon the bill when-
ever it came up. Mr. D. defended the course of
the Governor, insisting that he had done no more
than his duty. He concluded by demanding the
previous question; which, being seconded,
The question was put on the recommendation of
the Committee of the Whole that the bill be re-
jected ; and it passed in the affirmative.
And so the bill was rejected.
STATE OP WISCONSIN.
The bill to enable the people of Wisconsin Ter-
