1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
951
other matters; and,, besides, he thought nothing
was ever gained by such hasty proceeding. If the
Senator would call up the bill at the hour of one,
he should make no objection.
Mr. DIX then waived his motion, giving notice
that he should call it up. at one precisely.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, leported a bill for the relief
of Wade Allen; which was read a first time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
William Pittman; which was read a first time.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, reported
without amendment the (House) bill for the relief
of Josiah Parker, and the House bill for the relief
of Orris Crosby.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
submitted an adverse report upon the petition of
James Hillman; which was ordered to be printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CASS observed that he desired to make an
explanation, in some measure personal to himself.
In a letter to the Secretary of War, from Gen-
eral Gaines, dated September 10, 1843, published
in the Union of to-day, that officer says:
" I ain sure that no other description of proof can be ad-
duced to put me in the wrong, but that of such creatures as
I have above described, and such as tho^e who condemned
me or my conduct in Florida, and upon the Sabine, in
where I made no requisition for volunteer* or militia with-
out the express authority of President Jackson, as you may
see by the official correspondence of Mi. Seeictary Cass,
who was ever ready and willing to put me in the wrong."
Now, sir, I have but little to say upon this sub-
ject, but that little shall be decisive, i have, no
doubt, many errors to answer for, without being
charged with acts 1 did not commit. I am not sen-
sible that I ever had the slightest wish to put Gen-
eral Gaines in the wrong;. If he does not put him-
self there, he will never be there by any effort of
mine. With respect to the disavowal of his requi-
sition, to which he alludes, m 1836, when 1 was at
the head of the War Department, I hud no more
agency in it than I had in the recent proceedings in
the South. I was not at the seat of Government
at the time. Mr. Harris was the acting Secretary,
and he reported the circumstances to General Jack-
son, then at the Hermitage, who immediately dis-
avowed the requisition, and directed the discharge
of the troops. I will read the letter he wrote to
an honorable Senator, then Governor of Ken-
tucky:
"Hermitage, August 7,1836.
« Sir : Arriving at this glace on the evening of the 5th
instant, I was.,made acquainted with the requisition of
Gsiienil Gaines on the Governors of Tennessee, Kentucky,
Mississippi, and Louisiana, fbr 1,000 men from each State.
„Tha letter of General- (Jaines, and the proclamation of Gov-
ernor Cannon, of Tennessee, made known the basis of this
requisition. Regarding the reasons assigned by General
Gaines not consistent with the relations which wo have
maintained with Mexico, since the existence of the civil
war in Texas, or with those which it is our duty arid wish
to cultivate with that Government, as long as it ol^etves
food faithandfriendship in its intercourse with the United
Itates, I feel mj-aclf called on to inform you that that requi-
sition has not received my approbation, and that I trunt, if
the men called for have been brought into the held, you will
forthwith cause them to be mustered and dischatg.'d, and
aw/iit for fuithcr orders from the General Government in
respect to any other requisition for the militia.
" The ten thousand volunteers authorized by the late act
of Congress have been apportioned among the States and
Territories nearest to the tiieatye of actual or apprehended
hostilities from the Indians. They are con^deied efficient,
combined with the regular troop?, to maintain the peace of
the frontier, and to terminate the war which now exists
with thy Creeks and Scmmoles. All of them have not been
brought into the field; but General Games was notified that
one thousand volunteer* in Arkansas and one thousand in
Missouri had received orders to be organized and held in
readiness for one year's servicc, should the emergency
anse making tbeir employment nccosary on the fiontier
now comin-mded by him. This circumstance makes the
present requisition of General Gaines still more unaccount-
able, particularly as it is believed that our we>tem frontier
is now tranquil. Under these circumstances you will please
cause the troops called for by the requisition in question, if
they have been raised, to be discharged. They will be paid
a< soon as an appropriation hy Congress can be obtained for
this puiposc. .
« 1 am, very respectfully, your obedient, servant,
" ANDIIEW JACKSON.
"To his Excellency Mr. Morichead,
" Governor of Kentucky."
I suppose I need no other dcfence "against this
charge.
The" following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Yulee, came up:
Resolved, That' the Committee on the Post Of-
-fice and Post Roads be directed to inquire into the
best means of establishing a regular communica-
tion by mail between St. Augustine and Key West,
and between Key West and Pensacola; and par-
ticularly whether the steamers connected with the
revenue service can be employed in such purpose
without injury to the public service.
Mr. HUNTINGTON suggested a modification,
which he thought would render the resolution
more comprehensive, to which Mr. YULEE as-
sented; and, at the suggestion of Mr. WEST-
COTT, there was another slight modification, and
the resolution as adopted-now reads as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be directed to inquire into the
expediency of providing effectual means for estab-
lishing a regular communication by mail between
St. Augustine and Key West, and between Key
West and Pensacola, or other port on the Gulf of
Mexico.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Turned, was then read:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of exempting from arrest and seizure the persons
and property of volunteers, for debt, during their
continuance in the military service of the United
States.
Mr. DIX stated that the Committee on Military
Affairs had had the bill and amendments infor-
mally under their consideration, and had examined
' the amendments critically, and had come to the
conclusion that it was inexpedient to agree to them.
He moved, therefore, that the Senate disagree to
all the amendments.
Mr. HUNTINGTON proposed to offer an
amendment to one of the amendments of the House.
He thought it would be well to see what modifica-
tion the Senate might be disposed to make in re-
S gard to those amendments, before taking the ques-
1 lion upon agreeing or disagreeing to them; as, in
case they were disagreed to, and a committee of
conference appointed, they would afterwards have
only the recommendation of the committee to vote
upon, without'any question being taken upon a
; modification. With this view, when the second
I amendment came to be considered, he would move
! a modification of it. He hoped the question would
i be taken on the several amendments separately,
i Mr. WESTCOTT said he was in favor of agree-
] ing to the amendments of the House. He thought
J one more major general and two more brigadier
| generals would be enough, especially if their chief
| employment was to be in carrying on a correspond-
| ence with the War Department instead of fighting.
He could see no necessity for a greater number;
Mr. BENTON thought the Military Committee ] besides, the expense would be_ considerable. They
lis not the proper place for its consideration. If were going on increasing their expenses thousands
after thousands without any actual necessity to
was not the proper ^
sent anywhere, it should go to the Committee on
the Judieiaiy; but, in his opinion, the resolution
ougiit not to go to any committee.
Mr. TURKEY had no objection to modify it so
as to send it to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It was a mere matter of inquiry into the expedi-
ency of the measure.
Mr. KKRRIEN thought it very questionable
whether it ought to be auopted, as it suggested a
question whether it would not be an interference
with the judicial proceedings of States*
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved to amend
it so as to inquire " into the authorities," &c.
His own impression was that there was no such
power.
The amendment of Mr. Johnson having been
agreed to, the question was taken on the resolution
as amended, and it was rejected.
Mr. PI5NNYL5ACKKR moved a postponement
of the puor orders of the day, in order to take up
a bill for the relief of Joseph Watson; which mo-
tion was not agreed to.
The (House) bill to amend the act entitled "An
act to grant a quantity of land to the Territory of
Wisconsin, for the purpose of aiding in opening a
qapal to connect the waters of Lake Michigan with
those of Rock river," was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The (House) bill directing the President of the
United States to sell the reserved mineral lands in
the States of Illinois and Arkansas and Territories
of Wisconsin and Iowa, was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. BREESE suggested that there was no ne-
cessity for the reference of the above bill, as the
Committee on Public Lands had fully considered
and reported upon the subject, and the bill was or-
dered to be placed among "the general orders.
On motion, by Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Elijah White; and no amendment being offered
thereto, it was reported to the Senate; when
Senators JARNAGIN and PEARCE opposed
the bill, and Mr. ATCHISON advocated the claim
of Mr. White.
Pending the discussion, the hour of one o'clock
having anived,
On motion of Mr. DIX, the further considera-
tion of the subject was postponed until to-morrow,
in order to take up the
SPECIAL ORDER.
The motion to postpone being agreed to, the
Senate resumed the consideration of the (Senate)
act supplemental to an act entitled " An act provi-
ding for the prosecution of the existing war with
Mexico," which had been returned from the blouse
of Representatives with sundry amendments.
The first amendment was to authorize the ap-
pointment of one major general instead of two, as
the bill originally proposed; and two brigadier
i generals in place of four.
warrant it. He asked for the yeas and nays on
the question,and they were ordered.
Mr. DAYTON inquired whether the amend-
ments did not include also % diminution of the num-
ber of general officers at the close of the war?
Mr. HUNTINGTON said it was that portion
of the amendments which he wished to modify.
Mr. DIX observed that this bill was the bill of
the Administration ; and he was prepared to vote
for all the necessary provisions of law, and for all
the supplies of men and money, which the Admin-
istration demanded to enable them to prosecute the
war with vigor and success. He was opposed,
therefore, to all the amendments made by the
House.
Mr. MOREIIEAD said he would do no such
thing as the Senator from New York suggested;
he would vote for such measures as he thought
just and proper for the promotion of the interests
of the country, whether they were recommended
by the Administration or not.
Mr. WESTCOTT expressed his astonishment
.at the extraordinary declaration of the Senator
from New York. He had seen nothing officially
communicated to the Senate indicating that'this
was the bill of the Administration. If there had
been any communication from the Executive by
which the responsibility of recommending the ap-
pointment of six general officers was assumed, he
would like to have it pointed out, so that it might
be clearly understood. If the Administration were
to make a recommendation, openly and above-
board, with the superior knowledge which they
necessarily possessed as to what was necessary to
be done, and take the responsibility of such recom-
mendation, it would go a great way with him in
inducing him to vote for it. Though he recognised
i the rule laid down by the Senator from Kentucky,
that in all matters of legislation a Senator should
be goverened by his own conscience, yet such
recommendation would- be evidence to him that it
was right. But he had no idea of giving his vote
unqualifiedly and unreservedly to a measure, under
the supposition of its being desired by the Admin-
istration, unless the Administration were prepared
i by direct and unequivocal communication to as-
sume the responsibility.
Mr. SPEIGHT said, the Senator from Florida
had laid down a most extraordinary doctrine. It
had been the practice from the commencement of
the Government for committees to call upon the
heads of departments for details. He did not rec-
ollect of a call having ever been made upon the
President concerning matters of detail.
The question was then taken upon the first
amendment, and it was disagreed to, as follows:
YUAS—Messrs. Archer, Berrien, Thomas Clayton, John
M. Clayton, Convin, Davis, Dayton, Greene, Huntington,
Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Niles,
Pearee, Phelps, Upham, Westcott, and Woodbndge—19.
NA\ S—Messrs. Alien, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Bree&e, Cass, Chalmers, Colquitt, Dickinson,
Dix, Fauticld, Hannesnn, Ilaywood, Houston, Jarnagm,
Jenness, Johnson of Maiyland, "Lewis, McDuffie, Penny-
backcr, Rusk, Sevier, Speight, Turney, and YuJee—-26.
