952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
To the second amendment of the House, which j
provides that the President shall, at the termma-.
tion of the war, dismiss from service, &c., Mr. -
HUNTINGTON proposed the following modifi- ;
cation: \
"That it shall be the duty of the President, by j
* and with the advice and conscnt of the Senate, to j
* discharge such of the general officers who may ;
4 be then in servicc as will be necessary to accom-1
4 plish said reduction." j
Mr. HUNTINGTON explained the object of
his amendment. The appointing power and the
power of dismissal ought to be indivisible. Offi-
cers would feel themselves more safe in the hands
of the Senate, than in those of the Executive. By
his amendment, the responsibility of these remo- ,<
vais would be transferred from the President alone. ||
They ought to rest both in the same hands. The
power of appointment of these general officers h
being cxercised by the President in conjunction i
with the Senate, their removal ought only to be
effected by and with the advice and consent of j1
the Senate. The amendment of the House would j<
enable the President, if he were so disposed, to •
overslaugh ah the old and tried and gallant <ien-!
erals. 1
Mr. MILLER said he trusted the amendments .
of the House would not receive the concurrence
of the Senate. If, however, they were to be
adopted, the modification proposed by the Senator
from Connecticut would be very essential. j
Mr. ALLEN said he was quite satisfied with ;
the bill as it went to the House; and he was, nev- !
ertheless, not entirely dissatisfied with the amend- >
ments made by the House. With a slight modi- i
fication, he would find no difficulty in voting for ;
them. He was opposed to the amendment to the j
House amendment now proposed by the Senator '
from Connecticut, because, if they were to change
the practice with legard to removals from office,
they would soon find it necessary to change an-
other practice—the practicc of adjourning Con-
gress. They would have to keep'the Senate in
perpetual session. The Senate was usually in
session about nine months out of twenty-four; and
if the power of removal in each case were to require
the action of that body, there could be no removals
made except during nine months in the course of
every two years, or else the Senate would have to
become a sort of perpetual cabinet council.
There was one modification of the House amend-
ments which he would propose, and it was to j
strike out the words " at the end of the war with !
Mexico," and insert "upon the restoration of]
peace;" because they might, before they sot through
with this one, have a war upon their hands with
some other nation. He was not at all certain as
to what the existing state of things would bring
about; he was not sure but, that England would
take courage from the exhibition that had been
made within the last six months; ay, take eouta^e
to lay her hands upon California, lie was by no
means certain that such an idea had not before
this been ripened into a fixed policy on the part of
Great Britain, tic was not sure but nSic had an
expedition even now dircctcd to that point. They
had been told by distinguished statesmen during
this session that Gitat Britain would light for a
strip of country lying between forty-nine and fifty-
four degrees of noith latitude. If "she would light
for this, what would she do for California? He
gave no opinion as to what would happen, for it
was impossible to foretel what turn events might
take.
In consequence of some observations that were
made, at the commencement of the session and
afterwards, in regard to the defences of the coun-
try in the event of a war, those who made those
observations were denounced as the war party, and
language was put into their mouths which they
never used; such as that they desired to prepare
the hearts of the people for war; and strong efforts
were made to stamp them as a war party, as being
desirous of promoting a war in order to give as-
cendency to the opposite party, yet, so far as were
events beyond the control of any pm ty, that war
burst upon them without any such agency as was
erroneously imputed to those who were simply de-
sirous of being prepared. A war forced itself upon
them, against the expectation and the wish of all,
Might they not, then, justly anticipate the occur-
rence of similar unforeseen events? At a proper
time he would move the modification which lie had
suggested.
Mr. MORETIEAD said he was happy to con-
gratulate the House and the country upon the re-
cognition, as presented in the amendments of the
House, of the existence of the power in Congress
to control removals as well as appointments. The
amendments of the House asserted the power to
be in Congress, because they were intended as
granting the power to the President. Mr. M. then
gave a history of the former proceeding of Con-
gress in regard to this matter, showing that the
power had heretofore been considered as belonging
to Congress.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States; and thereupon, on
motion of Mr. MOREHKAD, (who suspended his
remarks,) the further consideration of the bill was
postponed, and the Senate proceeded to the con-
sideration of Executive business, and continued in
session until a late hour of the day; when they
adjourned, to meet at eleven o'clock, to-morrow; a
resolution to that effect having been, adopted in
Executive session, on motion of Mr. Sevier.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
WEDMibDAY, JlUlC 10,. I34G.
The Journal of yesterday (having been read in
' part only) was approved.
I Mr. KAUFMAN introduced to the House Mr.
, T. Pillsbury, member elcct from the State of
1 Texas, who was qualified and took his seat.
! Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL rose, he said, to a
, piivilcged question.
The SPEAKER. There is already a privileged
« question pending—the motion of the gentleman
! from Indiana [Mr. Hlnlby] to reconsider the re-
! solution adopted immediately previous to the ad-
j journment of the House last evening.
Mr. COCKE asked leave to present a petition.
Objected to.
Mr. HARALSON made an ineffectual effort to
introduce the following icsolution;
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
i structed to inquire into and report upon the pro-
i pricty of paying the citizens of Alabama, Georgia,
I and Florida, who lost property by the Indian
; hostilities in 1836, the amounts which they were
respectively reported to have sustained loss by
commissioners appointed for that purpose, or such
other amounts each as the principles of justice shall
seem to entitle them.
THE SECRET SERVICE FUND.
Mr. S. JONES, from the Select Committee on
the subject, asked leave to introduce the following
resolution:
Whereas a part of the testimony taken by the
Select Committee appointed to inquire into the
charges preferred by the Hon. Charles J. Inger-
soll against the Hon. Daniel Webster, has been
copied into the minority report made by one of
that committee, and ordered to be printed by the
House; therefore,
lianhcd, That all the testimony taken by said
committee be printed with the majority report.
Mr. IS RINLCERHOFF said that the resolution
with which the minority report presented by him-
self yesterday concluded, provided for this very
printing; and he suggested that that resolution
should be taken from the Speaker's table, where
it had yesterday been laid by a vote of the House,
and be passed.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to the re-
ception of* the resolution.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF. I hope the Chair docs
not understand me as objecting.
The SPEAKER. No; the objection comes from
another pari of the blouse.
Mr. SEABORN JONES moved a suspension of
the rules.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in or-
der, because the House was already acting under
a suspension of the rules m relation to the resolu-
tion adopted last evening.
So the resolution was not received.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, (on leave,)
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Martha
Clarke be withdrawn from the files of the House.
The House resumed the consideration of the
unfinished business of last evening, being the mo-
tion of Mr. Henley to reconsider the vote by
which the following modified resolution of Mr.
j Hopkins had been adopted:
Resolved, That William T. Stewart be, and he
is hereby declared, messenger of the Sergeant-at-
Arms of this House, &c.
Some discussion followed, (involving the law-
regulating' the appointment, the-causes of removal,
&e.,) which was participated in by Messrs. HEN-
LEY and SEABORN JONES in favor of the re-
consideration, and by -Mr. LEAKE and Mr.
BOYD in explanation.
Mr. RATHBUN then' demanded the previous
question.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked him to withdraw the
demand.
Mr. RATHBUN said he would withdraw it on
a pledge of renewal.
Mr. DROMGOOLE declining-to give the pledge,
the motion was not withdrawn.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table; but withdrew the- motion.
Mr. HOPKINS renewed it.
Mr. KENNEDY asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Some conversation followed as to the effect of the
motion to lay on the table, should it prevail, on the
resolution adopted last evening.
The SPEAKER explained that the resolution
would remain m force..
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 85, nays 80.
So the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution had been adopted, was laid on the
table.
The SPEAKER announced the business first in
order to be the resolution reported by Mr. Gordon
from the select committee jn relation to the distri-
bution of the tenth volume of the laws of the United
States.
Mr. WINTHROP being entitled to the floor.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved that the rules of
the House be suspended, for the purpose of taking
up and disposing of the resolution submitted by
himself yesterday, providingfor the printing of the
testimony and exhibits taken before the sclect com-
mittee on the subject.
STATE GOVERNMENT FOR WISCONSIN.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL,rose and'called tip
the motion submitted by him yesterday to recon-
sider the vote by which the House had passed the
bill " to enable the people of Wisconsin to form a
constitution and State government, and for the ad-
mission of such State into the Union.5'
Mr. BRINKERHOFF claimed that he had the
floor, and that his motion had the priority.
The SPEAKER said it had been usual to take
up a motion to reconsider (which was a privileged
motion) in preference to any other business.
Mr. HOGE moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The motion was not entertained, because the floor
was the property of
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL, who placed his
motion on the ground that a proviso inserted in the
bill, on motion of the Delegate from Wisconsin,
contained provisions and gave a power to the con-
vention of Wisconsin'of which the House had not
been aware, and which, when understood, it never
would sanction. The proviso, as worded, left it
discretionary with the convention to fix such boun-
daries to the new State on the north and west as
I it should deem expedient; and the phraseology was
! so loose and undefined, that the convention might
j include the whole of the residue of the northwest-
! em territory within the State of Wisconsin. The
j terms employed were ambiguous. They might
i mean either that the convention might take the
whole territory of Wisconsin, or they might take
elsewhere territory equal to it in size. They might
take the whole bank of the Mississippi northwardly,
or they might bound the State by straight lines,
selecting the best land where they pleased, and
leaving out the lesidue. This would certainly be
contrary to the intent of the Committee on Terri-
tories, as well as to the understanding of nine-
tenths of the members of the House.
Mr. R. had no desire improperly to limit the
new State. He did not wish to confine her within
narrow limits, but, on the contrary, thought it de-
sirable that her boundaries should be ample; yet
he thought that the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio (Mr. Vinton) had great force, and were en-
titled to deep consideration. The assigning to
these new States territories disproportionately
large would be eminently injurious both to- them
and to the Union at large. Mr. R. had not op-
