1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
953
posed any of the just claims of "Wisconsin. He
had voted in favor of all such accommodations as
she had asked for, in the way of roads and har-
bors; hut there ought to be some limit to this com-
pliance, and especially as to the extent of territory.
He should follow his motion for reconsideration
with another to recommit the bill, with instruc-
tions that the proviso be stricken out.
Mr. THURMAN entirely coincided with the
views which had just been expressed by the gen-
tleman from Connecticut. He, too, thought that
the proviso ought to be stricken out. The bill, as
it stood, gave permission to the convention of Wis-
consin to make a new State, which should contain
sixty-eight thousand square miles. Had the House
any idea of conferring a power of this kind? Would
it assent to the creation of a new State, with a ter-
ritory of sixty-eight thousand square miles > He
hoped not. And he trusted that no gentleman
would be influenced by the idea that he was com-
pelled to do this by the ordinance of '87. That
ordinance required no such thing:, its power ill that
respect having been superseded by the Constitu-
tion. We had enough of the northwest territory
still left, unenclosed, to form two good States; or
if it was not quite enough for that purpose, it would
be easy to add a little territory on the west bank
of the Mississippi. But the bill, as it stood, would
enable the convention so to cut up the territory,
that enough of it should not be left together to form
any other State. Wo doubt the people of Wiscon-
sin would be even content that the doctrine con-
tended for by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Dromgoole] should prevail; because,according to
that doctrinc, as four States had already been form-
ed northwest of the Ohio river, but one more could
be, and this must therefore swallow up the whole
of the residue of the territory. Mr. T. entirely
coincided in the views expressed on the general
subject of the size of the new States, which had
been so ably expressed by his colleague, [Mr. Vin-
ton.] Nothing could be more just—nothing more
statesmanlike or wise.
Mr. MARTIN, of Wisconsin, contended that,
in the ordinance of '87, there were some points
which were irrepealable, unless by common con-
sent. One of these was, that. Congress should not
form the northwestern territory into less than three
nor more than five States. It had already erected
four States; it could not ercct more than a fifth,
unless by general consent. It was admitted on all
hands that this provision of the ordinance could
not be changed. The proviso which it was now
proposed to strike out, had been inserted in the bill
on his motion; and all it did was to declare, tliht
the consent of Wisconsin should be given before
her boundaries should "be changed. That was the
question, and-the whole question.
Mr. VINTON said that when this bill had been
under consideration yesterday, his improssion was
that the. western boundary of Wisconsin, as there
laid down, coincidcd with the western boundary
of the United States in that quarter; but he had
this morning looked into the law, and he found
that in that impression ho had been mistaken. By
the treaty of 1783, which recognised the independ-
ence of the United Stales, the western boundary of
the Union was to commence at the Lake of the
Woods, and run thence by a straight line to* the
source of the Mississippi, and then down that
river. The map of Mr. Nicolet, which had been
before the Committee on the Territories when the
bill was drawn up, fell two degrees short of ex-
tending to the Lake of the Woods. By compa-
ring the act which- created the Territory of Wis-
consin with Tanner's and Melish's maps, he found i
that a line drawn from the source of the Missis- j
sippi due north to the latitude of 49°, (which was !
there the boundary of the United States,) would j
pass eighty miles west of the Lake of the Woods,
and would include a considerable portion of wha t
we had purchased in the Territory of Louisiana;
so that, in any way in which the language Of the
act could be carried out, Wisconsin would have
for her western boundary a line at least one thou- j
sand miles m length. The bill passed the House, :
as Mr. V. believed, under a general idea that the
boundary of the new State was to coincide with ;
the old western boundary of the United States; j
and he presumed that the gentleman from Illinois, !
[Mr. Douglass,] who had drawn the bill, was him- j
self under that impressfon; but the fact was that, |
according to the phraseology of the proviso, Wis- |
consin would embrace not only all the residue
of the old northwest territory, but a great deal
more.
Mr. DOUGLASS explained, stating that he had
not reported the bill with its present territorial
boundary. Its western boundary, as he marked
it out, was to be the Mississippi river as high up
.as a point opposite the head of Lake Superior,
which would leave as much of the northwest ter-
ritory out of the State of Wisconsin as in it, so as
to form a new State equal to it in size.
Mr. VINTON said that, as the proviso now
stood, a convention of the people of Wisconsin
would be enabled to embrace within their proposed
State not only all the remnant of the northwest ter-
ritory, but also a portion of the United States land
which we had obtained as a part of Louisiana.
Mr. V. was very sure that no gentleman was pre-
pared to consent to this. He trusted that the
House would reconsider, and that the proviso
would be stricken out or greatly modified.
Mr. DILLINGHAM considered the proviso as
very objectionable; but it had been repeatedly road,
and it was adopted by the House. Mr. D. had
voted for it, but he had no conception at the time
of what its effect would be. He now found that
it would give to the new State of Wisconsin an
amount of frontier equal to a thousand miles, and
that there might be points within it which would
be at the distance of two thousand miles from
the seat of Government. Its sltape would be most
inconvenient and most unnatural. According
to the power given in the proviso, the convention
might take their amount of territory, if they so
pleased, in three distinct and separate bodies of
land, and place them in such a manner as to ruin
all fitness of the territory between to form a com-
pact or connccted State. lie was utterly opposed
to this gerrymandering system, and he hoped that
the motion to reconsider would prevail.
Mr. SAWYER moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and it was put, viz: " Shall
the main question be now put.'" and passed in the
affirmative.
And the main question was immediately put by
yeas and nays, that the House do reconsider the
vote passing the said bill. It passed in the affirm-
ative: Yeas 135, nays 45.
So the vote to pass the bill was reconsidered.
Mr. J. A. ROCK.WRLL then moved to recon-
sider the vote ordering the bill to be engrossed and
read a third time; and he also moved the previous
question, which was seconded; and, under its
operation, the question was put, and the vote was
reconsidered.
Mr. ROCKWELL also moved a reconsideration
of the vote by which the following proviso was
adopted, viz:
Provided, That the convention wliieti may us-^omMe to
form a constitution for said State shall ho at hbortv to .adopt
such notthoril and western boundaries, in !iru e/'/Ar.e herein
prescribed, as may lie deemed e.\pi>dtent, not exceeding,
however, the pie-eut limits of the said Teiritoiy.
This motion to reconsider also prevailed.
The question then again recurred on the adop-
tion of that, proviso.
Mr. ROCKWELL moved the previous question.
Mr. MARTIN, of Wisconsin, asked him to
withdraw it, to enable him to move as a substitute
for the exceptionable proviso a new proviso.
Mr. ROCKWELL said he should like to hear
it read before ho yielded to the request.
It was read; when
Mr. ROCKWELL said he could not withdraw
his motion for the previous question to let that pro-
viso in.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
And the main question was put, first, oil the ex-
ceptionable proviso, and it was rejected by a very
large vote, without count or division.
And the main question was put, secondly, on
again ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a
third time, and passed in the affirmative.
The bill was again read the third time, and the
question was slated, Shall it pass? when
Mr. MARTIN, of Wisconsin, moved that the
bill be laid on the table. Negatived.
And the bill was then passed, and sent to the
Senate for concurrence.
Mr. A. D. SIMS asked the House to take up
the business relating to the District of Columbia.
And, on his motion, the House resolved itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, in the Chair.)
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved to take up the bill
granting preemption rights to settlers on the public
lands; but, at the instance of several members, so
modified his motion as to move to take up the bill
to graduate and reduce the price of the public lands.
He said he did not wish to seem to supersede the
chairman of the Committee.on Public Lands, [Mr.
McClernand;] and he (Mr. H.) had, theiefore,
first moved the preemption bill. It was well known
that the graduation bill was a favorite measure with
him. He considered both as very important, and
hoped they would botlvbe passed during this ses-
sion. He would, however, modify his motion, and
hoped the committee would now take up, and pass
the graduation bill.
Mr. A. D. SIMS gave notice of his intention,
should the motion of the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Houston] fail, to move to take.up the bills
relating to the District of Columbia.
Mr. RATHBUN said that if the motion of the
gentleman from Alabama failed, as he (Mr. R.)
hoped it would do, he should move to take up the
bill to regulate the appointment of officers.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
HOUSTON, and by ayes 58, noes 74, it was re-
jected.
So the committee refused to take up the bill.
Mr. A. D. SIMS moved that the committee take
up the bill to incorporate the Gas Company of the
city of "Washington.
The committee refused to take up the bill.
THE GOVERNMENT OFFICES.
The question was now taken on the motion of
Mr. RATHBUN, and decided in the affirmative.
So the committee proceeded to the consideration
of the said bill, which was read, as follows:
A Mlih to regulate the appointment of certain officers m
the several department-* oi the United States Government
in the city of YVatlmiifton, arid lor the more genwal and
equal diffusion of such offices among the several States
andTeriitorios, and in theDisUict of Columbia.
Be it cnacted bx/ the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Uitiled States of America in Confess <u>sembled, That
hereafter all appointments of auditors eleiks, and messen-
uers employed or to be employed in, or connected with, the
'Department of Suite, with the Treasury Department, the
Navy Department, the War Department, and the 1'o-t Office
Department, shall he appointed from the M'vtiral Slates and
Temtories of the United State*, in proportion to the repie-
sentation of said States and Tcriitoin-s mthellouse ot Rep-
re-iontntive<; and the District ofColumbia shnit be deemed,
for this purpose, equal to one congressional distuct; and
appointments shah be made lor said District m the piopoi-
lion and in the same manner as from said States and Terri-
tories.
Sec. 2. Jind be it fwrther enacted, That, in making the
selections to Oil the aforesaid oflicts, actual residents of tne
naid several States and Terntoiies and of the Distiict of
Columbia -shall in all cases be selected and appointed, and,
as tar as practicable, such selections shall be made fiom the
seveial congressional distiicts of said States.
Sec. 3. And he il further enacted. That the auditors and
clerks above mentioned who shall first be appointed under
and by virtue of thi-s act shall in nil cases, except as heiein-
after provided, be so appointed for the tcim oftbur years—
winch term shall commence on the tirst day of January and
end on the tlurtj-liist day of December four yeais there
after.
Si:c. 4. And h? it further enacted, That the auditors who
shall first be appointed under this act shall be divided into
four clashes, in such manner as the pjrsident «hall dnect, to
be designated fir-t, second, third, and fouith class; the first,
second, and third class each to contain one audiroi,and the
lourlh class all the residue of said auditois. The auditor in
tho first class shall be appointed for a teim ending on the
thuty-fiist day of December, in the year one thousand eight
hundred and Joity sk; the second on the thirty-first day of
December, one thousand eisrht hundred and forty seven; the
third on the ihiity-fir^t day of December, one thousand
eight hundied and forty-eight; and the fourth class on the
thuty first day 01 Decemboi, one thousand eight hundred
and torty-nme.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enact cd, That the eleiks to be
appointed according to the piovisions oi this act shall he
dmded into four cia.-se->3 as uearlj equal m numbei aspiaen-
cable, and in such manner that each of said States, Teni-
tones, and the Dntuct of Columbri, shall have its lehitive
proportion m each ol said classes, as near as may be. The
tcim of office embraced in the first ciasj shall expire on the
thirty-first day of December, one thousand eight hundred and
forty-six; the second class on the thirtv-fir>t~day ol Decem-
ber. one thousand eight hundied and forty-seven : the thud
class on the thnty-first day of December, one, thousand eight
hundred and forty-eight; and the fourth class on the rhu tv-
first day of December, one thousand eight hundi ed and loi ty-
IllllC.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted. That all the me^sengeis
to be employed in and about the said several departments
shall in all cases, except as hereinafter provided, be appoint-
ed for a term of two years each, commencing on the first
day of January, and ending on the thirty-first dav of Decem-
ber, two years theieafter. And it is further provided, that
those first appointed shall be so appointed for a teim ending
on the thirty-first day of December, one thousand eight liun
dred and forty-seven.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the power of le-
