954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June jO,
moval snail remain as the same now is : Provided, koacvcr,
That in ca^e of the lemoval of any officer 01 person from
any plaee or employmentherembefme enuaiciated,and who
shall have been appointed under or in pursuance ol this act,
the cause of such leinoval shall he caused to be entered by
the head of the department fiom which such removal shall
be made, in a hook to he provided by him tor that purpose;
and in all cases w lien leqmred by ihe person so removed, he
frhall be furnished with a copy thereoi, and the said hook
shall be op<m to the inspection of all such persons as desire
to examine the same.
Skc. 8. Jind he it further enacted, That in all cases of
vacancy In any of the aforesaid offices or employments, oc-
cuimds m any manner, paiticular rofeienee is to he had to
the provisions of this bill, providing for the distribution of
olhcos m filling paid vacancy; and it is fuither provided
that the pui&un appointed to fill said vacancy shall bo so ap-
pointed only to hold loi the unexpired portion of the term of
said olhee.
Skc. lJ. Jind be it further enactcd, That in all cases where
the oih'-'or.s 01 employees in tno aforesaid depaifments, ex-
cepting the head or first officer in each of the said depart-
ments, >hall continue 111 oflice or employment foi a period of
eiyht yuai> *mei. en-«ivcl) , auch peiM>u or persons b-h<tll not he
appointed to any oiftce or place of the same or equal grade,
m any ot s.aid departments, until the expiration ot two years
from and attei the expiration of the last tenu ol office held
by such petfon or persons.
The fust section of the bill being under consid-
eration,
Mr. LEAKE indicatd, but did not press, an
amendment, which (he, said) he would offer when
the bill came into the Mouse.
The second section being under consideration,
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN, it was so amend-
ed as to strike out the words,44 such selections shall
be made from," and inserting-, shall be distribu-
ted as equally as possible among."
Mr. McKAY now rose and said that he was
not m the House at the time the House went into
committee, having been under the impression that
bills relating to the Di&tuct of Columbia would be
taken up. Since, however, the committee have
taken up other business, he would move that the
further consideration of the bill be postponed, and
that the committee proceed to the consideration
of the bill making appropriations for the naval
service.
Tellers were ordered, and the vote being taken,
stood, ayes 47, noes 77.
So the committee refused to postpone the consid-
eration of the bill relating to the Government offices.
And the committee resumed the consideration of
the said bill.
The second section being still under considera-
tion—
Mr. COBB moved to amend it by adding that
such appointments shall be made on the lecom-
mondcUion of the Representative in Congress from
the said district.
Mr. S.ADAMS moved to amend the amendment
so as to provide that the Repiuhcntativc shall make
the appointment.
Mr. DROMGOOLE was understood to inquire
of Mr. Cobb, whether it waa his intention that the
appointing power should have no discretion in the
recommendation ?
Mr. COBB was understood to say, that the idea
was that the appointing power might reject the first
recommendation and requne a second; but that a
permanent appointment should not be made except
under the iccommendation of a member. If the
member failed to make the iccommendation, the
vaiancy must be filled in some other way.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
And the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON asked theunammous
consent of the House to go back to the fhst section,
so as to include among the enumerated officers,
(i. e. auditors, clerks, and messengers,) other offi-
cers, complrollers, registers, &c.
Objection was made.
The thud section being under consideration—
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES moved to amend it
by striking out four years" and inserting "six
months."
After a brief but pleasant conversation, the
amendment was rejected.
Mr. BELL moved to amend the said third sec-
tion, by adding a proviso, "that they he selected
m equal numbers from the two great political par-
ties. "
Mr. MORRIS moved to amend the amendment
by adding, " provided we have a Whig President."
Mr. DROMGOOLE regietted (he said) that he
could not vote for the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Bell,] because, in the first
place, it did not embiace the entire enumeration of
political parties. In the next place, it was unjust
and unequal. The Democratic party was the lar-
gest, and ought therefore to have a corresponding
proportion.
After a remark by Mr. S. JONES—
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
And the amendment was rejected.
The sixth section being under consideration;
Mr. HAMLIN moved to amend it by striking
out tioo, (where it occurred,) and inserting four.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. McHENRY moved to strike, out and
insert one, Rejected.
The seventh section being under consideration;
Mr. ASHMUN moved to amend it by adding at
the end thereof a proviso, that in making the ap-
pointments or removals in any of the offices men-
tioned, no regard should be had to the political
parties or religious denomination to which the per-
sons belonged. Rejected.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to strike out the said
section; which motion was rejected.
The bill having been gone through with;
Mr. HAMLIN moved the following as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. 10. Beit further enacted, TUatthenextUnited States
Olheinl JLU'gister which shall be pahli>hed, shall contain the
name ol the State in which each olhcer named in s-aid
Register v\as boin, and al.-o the State of which he was a
i evident when appointed, <uid how long he hud resided there-
in jh'ai before his appointment; alf-o the time which each
peison named in said Register has held the office then held
by him, and the time he may have held any, and all other
offices, with the amount he has received from the Govern-
ment as salary or payment for Ins services, in each and all
of said offices.
Mr. HAMLIN said it would be recollectcd by
those who were familiar with the Official Register
of the United States, that they were able only to
learn from that the place in which the individual
was bom. This amendment proposed to show in
addition the State where he was resident at the time
he received his appointment; and to that State he
should properly be attached and made to belong.
He further explained the provisions of the law as
it now stands, and of the amendment proposed, and
advocated the latter as likely to subserve a good
and useful purpose, lie had been told on various
occasions, and under various Administrations, of
all political complexions,, that there had been polit-
ical proscription. Tins provision -would enable
them hereafter to determine the fact, by showing
how long the individual has been in his present
officc, and in other offices, the aggregate amount
he has received, &c.
Mr. DOUGLASS obtained the door, but yielded
momentarily at the request of
Mr. TilURMAN, who suggested a modifica-
tion of the amendment of Mr. Hamlin, which was
accepted, and the amendment made to conform
thereto.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he had been watching
the progress of Qus bill thus far, for the purpose of
trying to ascertain whether gentlemen were serious
m urging it with the provisions it contained, or
whether it was a solemn farce perpetrated here for
the amusement of the galleries. But as there were
very few in the galleries, and as gentlemen seemed
to be serious j he supposed he must consider that it
was intended to pass this bill. The bill in its pres-
ent form, every man must see, was perfectly im-
practicable, he would not say absurd. It proposed
j that men should be taken tor oflice in the various
departments of this Government, from each State
in the Union, in proportion to its representation m
Congiess. Apply that principle to the Department
of State. Say you have some fifteen clfiiks there
(he was not particular as to the exact number:) now
you arc required to take these fifteen clerks from
the different States in pioportion to their represen-
tation.
Mr. A. D. SIMS interposed, and (Mr. D. yield-
ing) was understood to say he had proposed an
amendment to obviate this difficulty.
Mr. DOUGLASS (continuing) said, in this case
of the State Department, there would not be one
officer to each State in the Union. Where were
they to begin? With the State of Maine, and go
through with the roll in the order the States were
called in this House ? If so, half would be left un-
provided for.
But gentlemen said this bill took the aggregate
number, and required it to be equally distributed
among the different States. He alluded to the dif-
ficulty of cairymg it out even under this construc-
tion, as the different heads of the departments would
appoint m thei^ own departments.
Mr. SAWYER interposed, and said the Presi-
dent had the appointment of all these officers.
Mr. DOUGLAS'S corrected the gentleman on
this point, stating that the law provided that cer-
tain subordinate officers should nominate, and the
head of the departments confirm, the appointments
of clerks. The President held the heads Of the
departments responsible, and the heads of the de-
payments held their subordinates responsible. We
elected the President of the' United States for other
purposes than to occupy him with the-appointment
of subordinate officers, messengers, &a£. He would
think the President ought to be engaged hi better
business than the pitiful business of scattering
spoils among minor officers.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON. Is he not now?
Mr. DOUGLASS. I trust not.
Mr. JOHNSON (to Mr. Douglass.) How
-many have you made?
Mr. DOUGLASS had never recommended to
the President to appoint a single person to office,
and he never expected to. He might recommend
those whom he thought suitable to the heads of
departments. But his objection was, that this was
an impracticable'bill. He repeated his objections
to the bill, and ridiculed the idea of'the President
bringing his Cabinet together, (a# would seem to
be necessary under it,) and their remaining in ses-
sion in the grave business of distributing messen-
gers, wood-carriers, fire-makers, chimney-sweeps,
&c., among the several States, according Co the
ratio of their representation.
Again: the bill provided that a book should be
kept in each department of the remfivals made, and
the reasons for them entered at length. And there
was to be a biography of each clerk—to be stated
where born, 'where heTives, how long he has lived
in the State from which appointed, how long he
has been in office, the aggregate amount received
by him, &c. How many additional clerks would
you have to keep this register—this biography of
clerks? It would increase the number nearly one-
third.
So he might go on with each item of the bill,
and it would be found a budget of absurdities from
beginning to end. : ■ ' i
Mr. STARKWEATHER interposed with some
remark which was not heard by the reporter.
Mr. DOUGLASS (in conelusioh) said he -Was
as much opposed as anybody to taking all these
officers from one quarter of ihe Union. Hp might
say, with great truth, that that part of the country
from which he came had been treated worse than
any other part.. He knew that some of them, who
were applicants for office, felt a little sore- at what
they believed to be this favoritism. These were
fair considerations, perhaps, to urge upon the heads
of the departments when they presented men to
them who were qualified for office. But this at-
tempt .to take this up gravely as a subject of legis-
lation, exhibited in Iiis mind the spectacle to the
world, seeming to show that it was considered that
the spoils of office is the object for which this Gov-
ernment was instituted. He was opposed to any-
favoritism or abuses in the appointing power; but
this bill would create more confusion and more dif-
ficulty than the evils of which it was now complain-
ed amounted to; and he trusted, unless it was put
into some shape in which it would be -practicable,
would not occupy their time, and show to the world
that they were legislating merely for the spoils of
office, without any reference to the public interest.
Mr. RATHBUN (who reported this bill from
the Committee on the Judiciary) said he was aware
there were some subjects not well adapted to the
capacity and understandings of particular men; and
he knew very well there was now and then a ge-
nius, towering so high that he could hardly descend
so low as to investigate a simple transaction. But
while we had that species of intellect, it should be
remembered that we had also plain, common-sense,
matter-of-fact persons, who understood things of a
general character, and were able to comprehend
simple subjects.
Now, in regard to the practicability and feasibil-
ity of this bill, which had been ridiculed so much,
and concerning which they were told that the sci-
ence of arithmetic, aided by algebra, would not be
sufficient to working out its problems, and to sol-
ving the grand scheme of distributing seven .hun-
dred offices among the different States of this Union :
why, they might call on any boy to divide seven
hundred by two hundred and twenty-six" or two
hundred and twenty-eight; if that, could not be
