956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
they alone, who have a light to complain when a bad officer
is substituted foi a good one. He who is icmoved ha.s the
same moans of obtaining a living that are enjo\ed In the
millions who never held olbce. The pioposed limitation
would destroy the idea of property, now -o ^eneially con-
nected witll official stitnm; and although mdunluil distress
may be som-times produced, it would, by promoting that
rotation winch constitutes a loading puneiple 111 the repub-
lican treed, iivf healtlitul action to the system."
That is the text (said Mr. S.) from which I in-
len (1 to preach; and 1 bcheve it to be a good one. It
was the opinion of General Jackson; I believe it is
from his third Annual Message, in which he takes
up this very subject. You well recollect the cir-
cumstances underwhichit was penned; that after he
came into power he turned out a great many of the
officers ill this city. A hue-and-cry was raised by
the then Whig party against it as proscription, and
they called it proscription for opinion's sake. Gen-
eral Jackson penned that message, and promulga-
ted it to the American people, and solicited the ac-
tion of Congress on the subject. It has not been
had: 1 propose it now, and I believe a large ma-
jority of this House are determined to put through
tins bill. The gentleman from Illinois objects to
the details of the bill; he docs not find fault with
the general system, but objects to the impractica-
bility, as he considers it, of the details of the bill;
it is, therefore, ceilainly his part, with his superior
knowledge, to propose his amendments to the bill,
to remedy the defects which lie considers there arc
in it.
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, there has been a
{Treat cry throughout the country, and especially
by the Whig party, about proscription for opin-
ion's sake; and in the early part of this session the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. G. Davis] read us
a lecture about proscribing men for opinion's sake
—about turning men out of office because they do
not bebeve as we do. Mr. Chairman, I hold tile
doctrine that "to the victors belong the spoils." I
repeat it; 1 hold the doctrine, and 1 practise it both
m my public and in my private walks, that " to
the victors belong the spoils." Or, in other words,
I hold the doctrine (if gentlemen do not like the
phrase which 1 have used) that the party in pow-
er have a right to the offices; and whenever the
party to which I am attached, and the party which
I have struggled to get into the ascendency, refuses
to carry out that cardinal principle of democracy,
my hand shall be against them in that particular.
Mr. Chairman, notwithstanding the other side
of this House may denounce this principle, it is yet
a doctrine they practise, and which 1 practise; and
the difference between us is, that while they de-
nounce it in words and at the same time practise
on it, I am candid enough to acknowledge that I
practise on it. We hold the docirme, and desire
to practise on it; but we are not permitted to do so.
Mr. Chainnan, as astonishing- as it may seem to
you, and as it will be to the people of this country,
when they read my remarks on this subject, I will
inform them that when this session of Congress
commenced, after the present TCxeculive, the heads
of the departments were placed in power by the
Demociatic parly, and at great trouble and at great
expense—[laughter]—yes; it is perfectly useless
to deny the fact, tliatm all these political campaigns
gieat expenses arc iii'-uncd; it is perfectly nonsen-
sical to deny it; and although gentlemen appear to
make niciiy tit the announcement of this fact, it is
only what they know to be true. At the com-
mencement of the session, 1 was going on to bay,
there were 7^0 clerks in the different depaitments
at the seat of Government. I haie taken some
pains to ascertain the facts, and I state what 1 stand
pledged for as facts. There are 730 cleiks in the
different departmentsm this city; out of these 7,'iO
clerks, theie were, at the commencement of the
session, ^35 Whigs, and bold daring Whigs, in
place; and the whole amount turned out from the
going into pnw er of this Administration to the
commencement of this session of Congress, 138.
I have the names of every one, and for the truth of
these statements I pledge myself.
Well, " to the victors belong the spoils," or, ill
other words, to the party in power belong the of-
fices of the Government.
Mr. W. HUNT inquired of Mr. S. how he
knew these persons to be Whigs whom lie stated
to be?
Mr. SAWYER. That is a pretty hard question,
I admit. But I will come to that, and will satisfy
the gentleman himself, I think. In printed reports,
House document,No. SOU, the gentleman will find
a statement of all the clerks in the different depart
ments herein Washington. Well, I applied at
the different departments, and also to persons well
acquainted with the clerks, who gave me the poli-
tics of each one, their names, and the States from
which they came. Now, when we come to-Wash-
ington, our friends at home ask us to get a place
for them. [A laugh.] "Why," say they, "we
are in power; the party to which we belong has
come up through great tribulation, and have, many
of us, washed our robes, and made them red in the
blood of our enemies." But when we come here and
tell them there are no places for them—is it thje fact ?
No ; there are 235 Whigs here in place in Wash-
ington. " Cannot you get them out?" No. Why?
1 asked the President to turn some of them out,
and appoint in their place men from Ohio, from my
district. I brought none with me; but I found one
here [laughter.] But application after application
has been made, a united effort was made by the
Democrats from Ohio to procure appointments for
some of our friends who came here. I know other
gentlemen, from other States, who have done the
same, and been turned away. The excuse was,
at the departments, that there was no place for
them, while, in two or three instances, I proposed
they should turn out these Whigs—not those who
have been in a day or a year, but some who have
been in forty years, and some who have been in
ten years; the term for which most of them have
been in varies from ten to forty years. I hold the
doctrine, and I preach it, that wo have a right to
the places; but up to this day I have tried, and
some of my colleagues have tried, from the com-
mencement of the session, and wilhout success.
And what is the result? There are men who come
here applying for office; they have a right to ask for
these places; they ask me to go and intercede with
the President and heads of the departments in their
behalf; they set down here under fair promises
that after a time room shall be made for them;
they stay here some two, three, or six months—
some longer and some shorter—waiting for places,
and until they have spent all their money. Then,
what next? [A laugh.] Why, they call on me
as a Representative of the people [a general laugh]
to help them. And the result is, I have to put my
hand into my pocket, and pay their expenses home.
[Renewed merriment.]
But again: I have the gratification here to know
that I am not alone. I venture to say there is
scarcely a Democrat hero [laughter] but has fared
in the same way. And I heard some of my Whig
liieods [renewed laughter] complain that they had
to do the same thing. I rise in my place to give a
plain statement of facts, and I shall not be driven
from my purpose for fear of striking the President
of my choice, or any member of his Administra-
tion; when I consider injustice has been done to
me or my friends, no one's person is so sacred as
to prevent mo from flinging at it. I shall do it
with moderation, but I shall state facts. While
we are thus obliged to turn off our friends, the
Whigs are enjoying the spoils of our victory.
Well, 1 have no doubt they rejoice at this.
Sir, from my own State there are some eight
persons in officc hero, from the highest to the
lowest. But by this bill we would be entitled to
something like eighty. Now, I ask if this,is fair
treatment?—that Virginia, Maryland, and the Dis-
trict, of Columbia, which are handy to the seat of
government, shall monopolize all these places?
And if there is no advantage in them, why do
they ask for tliemr If, on the other hand, there is
advantage, we contribute an equal proportion of
the burdens, and we ask to participate, to our rea-
sonable proportion, in the advantages and benefits
ot the Government. If there is any advantage in
having a member of the cabinet, a scretary of one
of the bureaus, or a messenger even in this House,
I ask that that advantage shall enure to me and
my constituents in pari, and that two or three
States shall not monopolize the whole.
1 am just reminded that my State did not give
a Democratic vote. Well, there is some truth in
that, I admit; but it is lamentably true. 1 tried to
avert that calamity as much as any man in Ohio.
But there are other States. Maryland, it occurs
to me, did not contribute much to the support of
the parly in power; neither did the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. Chairman, I have before me a list of the
officers in the Post Office Department, the Army,
the Navy, and in short all the bureaus and depart-
ments in the city of Washington; also the number
of clerks in each department, taken from each
State, as near as I can-get. In publishing the
Blue Book, intentionally—*I charge it, and I have
no doubt of the truth of it—intentionally, the
names of the States from which - these persons are
appointed are omitted; and it is not a fair state-
ment to take that Blue Book, and select the num-
ber of the clerks in the different departments .from
the States in which they were born. But, in or-
der to remedy that difficulty, I had to resort to
the Navy and Army Register, which gives these
names; and if the amendment of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Rathbun] prevails, we will
get, in the next book, the very information we so
much desire. However, according to the best
information I can get here, there are in office here,
at the city of Washington, from Virginia, 158;
from the District of Columbia, 194; from Mary-
land, 166.
Mr. S. remarked, that he had not time to attend
to the whole list; that would be attended to pres-
ently. He had something, probably, which his
friends had not got, and lie would bring that for-
ward.
Now, here is a smatl special report, (said Mr.
S.) made some time ago from the War Depart-
ment. From this, I find" that there are ninety-eight
officers in all in the War Department. Of these,
the District of Columbia has forty-nine—exactly
one-half; and Virginia, and Maryland the balance.
No; Ohio has one, and some other States have two
or. three; but, comparatively speaking, Virginia
and Maryland have the balance.
Well, here is the state of facts in the Post Office
Department: There are in all fifty-three officers in
that department. Outof them, the District of Co-
lumbia has twenty-three—not quite one-half; Ohio
has five; and my friend from Illinois—there is,
probabaly, nother reason for his opposition to this
bill—his State is most amply provided for in all
these offices; and, if this bill passes, she would get
but few more, at furthest.
Mr. DOUGLASS interposed, and was under-
stood to say, diat the gentleman would find that
Illinois has not one-third of her number, according
to the ratio of representation".
Mr. SAWYER assented to the fact, that under
this bill, her number might be increasedsomewhat.
Well, (continued Mr. S.,) with reference to the
Department of State; the whole number of officers
there is eighty-six; then Virginia is rather behind—>
she has only six; the District of Columbia, though,
makes it up—she has forty-five out of the eighty-
six; Ohio has none; Georgia has none, and a num-
ber of other Stales have none. Now, I ask the
House, is this fair? As I before said, if there is
an advantage in this thing, why not give us a little
of it, as well as make us contribute our full equal
share to the expenses of the Government?
But the inquiry arises, how are these things
brought about? Why, my friend from New York,
[Mr. Rathbun,] has given you a graphic descrip-
tion to-day; but I shall endeavor to go a little more
into-the details of how it is brought about—that
there are so many loafers and loungers in the city
of Washington, who come here for the purpose of
getting office, because unable to make a living at
home. There are many exceptions, I admit, to
this class of character. There are many honora-
ble, industrious, talented men in these departments,
and the talent there will not suffer by a comparison
with the talent in this House. But there arc others
again that have lived in office from the day they
were born to the present day; and, sir, the modus
operandi, as my Latin friend from South Carolina
[alluding to Mr. Holmes]—(laughter,) would say,
is this: A gentleman who has got into office here
has his children grown up; they must be provided
for; they are either sent off to Ohio, (and there are
numerous instances where individuals who have
got office here hail from my State whose residence
is in the District of Columbia,) or to some other
place, to acquire a residence: they then come back
claiming to belong to Ohio, or some other of the
States, and step in and cheat us out of what really
belongs to us. But in case their places are all taken
up, they shove their sons off into the navy, the
surveying, or the engineering department, the ar-
my, to West Point, Xfcc.; and when a head of a
department dies, who has lived in office forty
years, next comes up his son. Well, the opera-
tion of getting them in, I have had detailed to me
by some in the departments. Here come along
two sisters—delicate looking creatures, too deli-
