958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
tition of John Cocke; which was ordeied to be
printed.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution;
winch was laid over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of estab-
lishing an additional judicial district in the State of
Texas, and fixing the times and places of holding
the district courts of the United Suites in said
State.
Mi. MANGXJM gave notice of his intention to
ask leave of the Senate to introduce a bill for the
relief of Wm. H. Thomas.
Mr. JENNETS asked to be discharged from
further service upon the Committee on Finance;
which was agreed to.
GENERAL ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The (House) bill to define the boundaries of the
State of Iowa, and to repeal so much of the act of
the 3d of March, 1845, as relates to the boundaries
of Iowa, was read a first and second time, and re-
fen ed to the Comniittte on the Territories.
The (iiouse) bill " to enable the people of Wis-
consin to form a constitution and State Govern-
ment, and for the admission of such State into the
Union," was read twice and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories.
The (House) bill gianting lands to the Territory
of Iowa, to aid in the improvement of the naviga-
tion of tlie Des Moines river in said Territory, was
read twice, and refened to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
The (House) bill to repeal an act entitled " An
act for the relief of the Stockbridge Indians in the
Territory of Wisconsin, approvedMarch 3, lb43,"
and for other purposes, was read twice, and rel'er-
icd to the Conmuttec on Indian Aflans.
The (House) bill " to equalize the compensation
of the" surveyors general of the public hind olliees
of the United States, and for other purposes,1' was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
The (House) bill to grant a certain quantity o
land to aid in the improvement of the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers, was read twice, and referred to
the Commitee on the Public Lands.
The (Housed bill to authorize the constituted
authorities of the county of Folic, in the Territory
of Iowa, to enter a quarter section of land for a seat
of justice, was read twice, and referred to the Com
mittee on Territories.
The ((-louse) bill to establish an additional hind
oflice m Iowa was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The Senate considered the adverse report of the
Committee on Pensions, on the petition of Piulip
Slaughter, which was concurred in.
WAR "WITH MEXICO.
On motion of Mr. I)1X, the Senate resumed the
consideration of the act supplemental to an act
entitled "An act providing for the prosecution of
the existing war with Mexico"—the question
being upon the second amendment made by the
House of Representatives to said bill, which is as
follows:
Aftei t Ik; won! •' e>tahli>liinent," in tiio seventh Iinfof tlie
onynial lull, in-Ji'it—
Pioo That, when the war with Mexico shall ter-
minate, the numbei of m.ijoi "cueiah m the rtnuy -.ha.ll be
reduced to on-\ and the number of biisMilier  <'iier,iN shall i
b-1 it'duoed to two; and tJie PieMtlenr offheUuik d State-, ix I
autrrm/fMj ami dneeted to splm fiom the whole number !
wmeli mav then be m office, without le^aid to the date of !
their coimni-t-ioiH, the number to bo retained, and <*au->e the I
leinamder to be dijCliaijL'i-d horn the seivieeofthe United |
St'ite^." " !
To Ibis amendment, Mr. Huntington had sub- :
milted the following': j
Hlti!*,1 out ;il I :i! Y: 'l* t!ip word " and,'' ^oinmoncni^ with J
Ilie wuith 'Mm- Pic-idem,'' .tint m^'it it s-liail ixMlie dn.y j
o! rlie I'lo-i'itMsr, hv .nnl ivitii tiii- .nine1 and ciuwiit ot ti<c
S.'iuit.', lo di^ehartn.; sucii ot the geueia! olikeis may be ;
tli 'N in - fi vie:: as .--hali be nt;('e.s<ary to aeeon.pii-.li Kud ie~ !
itlK'I I o]|. j
Mr. MOREIIEAD resumed his remarks, which i
"were interrupted yesterday by the motion for an
Executive session. He did not propo.se, lie paid, '
to continue the. argument upon the. geneial propo- j
sition as to the power of Congress to control re-
movals fiom office. His object was, chiefly, to j
call the attention of the Senate to the significant
fact, that the House of Representatives had, by
the amendment which they had adopted, affirmed
the existence of that power. Concmring entirely
in this view, lie assumed it as an unalterable fact,
that the Senate ought to be associated with the
President in its exercise; for it was the doctrine,
held by those who framed the Constitution, that it
was competent for the legislative department of
the Government to regulate, to any and every ex-
tent, the appointments and removal of officers un-
der this Government.
Mr. DIX said he hoped the amendment offered
by the Senator from Connecticut would be reject-
ed, and that the Senate would then disagree to the
amendments of the House. He thought a ques-
tion of such magnitude ought not to be decided in
this indirect manner.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said his amendment was
not offered with a view of favoring the proposition
of the House to make any law upon the subject of
a reduction of the number of officers; but its object
and intention was, if the amendments of the House
prevailed, to regulate the manner in which the re-
movals should be made.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON rose and said that the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] in the course of
remarks made by him yesterday, had asserted that
language had been put into the. months of those
designated as the war party, which they had never
used, to the ellect that they desired to prepare the
hearts of the people for war; and had added, that
strong efforts hau been made to denounce them as
a war party. Now, he (Mr. C.) did not know of
any strong efforts that had been made to denounce
them as a war party; but if he rightly understood
the language of the honorable Senator from Ohio,
he did repeatedly, at the commencement of the
session, tell them that it was desirable to prepare
the hearts of the people for war. He must have
greatly misunderstood the gentleman if, during the
debate on the resolutions oll'ered by the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] he did not state that
it was a desirable thing to prepare the hearts of the
people for war. If the honoiable gentleman de-
sued to retiact that expression 
Mr. ALLEN. I retiact nothing thatl said; but
I did not say that.
Mr. CLAYTON proceeded. Perhaps the Sen-
ator thought that at this stage of the session it
was not desirable to prepare the hearts of the
people for war. At all events, it seemed to him
(Mr. C.) that it was too late to deny, after all that
had been heard 111 the Senate, that there was any
party or person here desirous to prepare the hearts
of the people for war. He repeated that lie must
have greatly misunderstood the language of the
Senator from Ohio, during the debate on the no-
tice, if he did not use the phrase attributed to him.
He would, however, allow the Senator to report
himself. Ho knew best what he said—certainly,
he knew his own meaning best. But there was
another remark, which was 11 relevant to the debate,
which fell from the Senator from Ohio yesterday.
It was asserted by him that the war with Mexico
had burst upon the country, contrary to the wish-
es and expectations of all. He (Mr. C.) was sur-
prised to hear that. If he undeistood the honor-
able Senator, he said that the war had not been
determined upon two days before the intimation of
its existence was sent to the Senate. But he cer-
tainly said that the war had burst upon the country
contrary to the wishes and expectations of all.
Why, by looking into the documents sent to the
Senate by the President of the United States at the
tune they were called upon to make the declara-
tion of war, it would be seen that, for at least five
or six months before that tunc, war had been re-
garded by the Executive as a probable event.
iVlovcments had been made many months ante-
cedent to that period for the purpose of bringing
on the war. In order to correct the erroneous lm-
piession which might thus go abroad in conse-
quence of the declarations of the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, he Air. C. would beg leave to call
the attention of the Senate to the documents them-
selves. [Mr. C. here road several extracts from
the correspondence between the Secretary of State
and Mr. Slide]!, and also from the orders from the
Wai Department to General Taylor, for the pur-
pose of demonstrating that war with Mexico was
regarded as a probable result of the refusal of
Mexico to receive the United States Minister.]
He did not think it necessary to detain the Senate
by comments on these extracts. They were in
themselves sufficiently clear and conclusive. If
that evidence would not satisfy reasonable minds,
he did not know what evidence would produce that
effect. It was surprising that, with all that evi-
dence before him, the Senator from Ohio -could
hazard the assertion that the war with Mexico
burst upon them contrary to the wishes and ex-
pectations of all. He (Mr. C.) did. not intend to
enter on the question whether the Executive was
or was not censurable for bringing on the war.
All that he designed was to correct the honorable
Senator from Ohio, and not to permit his asser-
tion to go to the country without contradiction.
Mr. ALLEN' replied. He confessed that he
had been somewhat astonished in finding the Sen-
ator from Delaware take up two or three remarks
which he (Mr. A.) had made yesterday, in order
to convert them into a text from which to make a
speech against the Mexican war, and that in doing
so he should have recurred to an observation which
he [Mr. Clayton] had, he believed, been the first
to impute to him (Mr. A.) in the commencement
of the Oregon discussion, relative to preparing the
hearts of the people for war. There was a perti-
nacity in sticking to this'misstatement of the case
which showed that the error must be deep-rooted
in the Senator's mind; for he (Mr. A.) would not ~
believe that he would willingly make any misrep-
resentation. Did not that Senator know that, over
and over again on that floor, he (Mr. A.) had met
that charge with an explanation of the words
which he had used ? In answer to Senators, he
had some five or six times put that thing right, and
now the Senator said that he (Mr. A.) retracted it.
He retracted nothing that he said—not one syl-
lable; he ftood by every word of it. He would re-
tract no words that he ever uttered, unless con-
vinced that he was in error, or had done injustice
to others. ThenJ and not till then, would he make
any retraction. But he had committed no error
here. What he did say he had repeated .on that
floor half a dozen times. And he repeated it once
more. In the course of the debate on the resolu-
tions of the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. C-ass,]
inquiring into the state of the national defences,
the Senator from Massachusetts, not now in his
seat, [Mr. Webster,] expressed the opinion that
there was a different mode of preparation from that
of offering resolutions, and making all this thing
public—he thought that the better mode was to
prepare "quietly for war. In answer tl> that, he
(Mr. A.) stated that he entertained a' totally dif-
ferent opinion—that the preparation did not con-
sist merely in voting arms and men, but in pre-
paring the judgment and hearts of the people for
war. Now, when the country was in danger, the
hearts of the people ought to be'prepared for war
by a full exhibition of the dangers with which the
country was threatened. He (Mr. A.) would not
shrink from the responsibility of such a sentiment.
He assumed it, and the results of the legislation of
this session had showed that, even if he had
made the broad declaration attributed to him, he
would have been right m preparing the hearts of
the people for war. He took nothing back. So
much for that. He cared not, therefore, which
way the gentleman chose to take it. He had now
explained for the sixth or seventh time what he
did say, and he would stand by it. Well, that
was so unimportant an observation, that it could
only have been resorted to by the Senator as a text
for making a speech that day against the action of
the Government in relation to Mexico. Well,
yesterday he (Mr. A.) had made the declaration
that the Mexican war had burst upon , the country
contrary to the wishes—and perhaps he had
added—the expectations of all. Well, suppose he
(Mr. A.) had been mistaken in that—was any harm
doner Was it an observation of any kind of im-
portance? Not at all. Why, then, was it recur-
red to by the Senator? Not because the declara-
tion was of any importance. No, that was not the
reason. But the Senator had referred to it, be-
cause it could be conveniently used to-day as a
text on which to make a speech against the Mex-
ican war. Well, every man had a ri ht to take
his own course, he did not complain of the Senator.
He [Mr. Clatton] had a right to speak against
the war, if he chose, although he voted the means
of carrying it on. That was his own business.
Well, what was the state of the ease ? According to
; the Senator's own quotation of part of the declara-
! tioh, it was nothing more nor loss than that nobody
| wished or desired the Mexican war. Was the
j Senator ready to deny that? Was he willing to
say that that part of the declaration was erroneous ?
Would he say that anybody wished'to bring on
this Mexican war ? Did he mean to say that he
