062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
of a u depot of charts and maps") was one of the
most beautiful and well-conducted institutions in
the world. It contained the very best instruments,
of the latest and moat approved construction; the
officers engaged there were men of high erudition,
and every way fitted for the discharge of their im-
portant duties; and they looked forward, with a
laudable professional ambition, to rendering their
country independent ot all dependence on the sci-
entific labors of other nations. It was a source of
unfeigned congratulation to Mr. I. that we were
able to take our place among the other nations
of the world in the production of a work of this
high scientific character; and it added yet more
to his gratification to think, that on this occasion,
even his honorable and excellent friend from South
Carolina [Mr. Holmes] had shown himself a con-
vert to the encouragement of domestic manufac-
tures. [A laugh.]
Mr. ADAMS expressed his hope that the ap-
propriation proposed would be agreed to. A nau-
tical almanac was one of the most useful books in
the world. No vessel went to sea without it; and
so important was it deemed to the accommodation
and safety of our navigation, both commercial and
national * that he believed there was an American
edition of the Nautical Almanac of Great Britain
published and used every year. The British woik
was compiled and published with the greatest pos-
sible care, under the immediate supervision of a
board of scientific officers, appointed and main-
tained by the Government; and it was usually so
calculated as to be published three or four years in
advance. He presumed the almanac for 1850 was
already published.
Mr. STANTON here said that it was published
for the year 1840.
Mr. ADAMS resumed, and thanked the gentle-
man for his correction. He had not recently seen
a copy, but knew that the work was kept in a con-
stant series of publication several years in advance.
It was a work of vast importance to seamen and to
all whose interests were connected with the ocean.
There was another similar almanac published in
France, under the direction of the French Govern-
ment, indeed, there were two, a greater and a lesser
work. The larger almanac was published under the
title of Cognoscence des Temps, containing, besides
the astronomical tables, a vast amount of valuable
information. From this was compiled a smaller
work, which constituted the common almanac in
use in that kingdom. It was an abstract of the
larger, and, like it, contained amass of valuable
information, in addition to the tables. It had very
truly been observed that we had at length estab-
lished, at vast expense, a regular and well-ap-
pointed Observatory of our own. One of the use-
ful purposes to be eiFected by such an establishment
was the preparation and publication, from year to
year, in advance, of a work of this kind—the result
of accurate observation of the phenomena of the
heavens, and containing much information that
was important and valuable to seamen. So im-
portant was this book deemed, and so widely ex-
tended was its use and circulation, that the Ameri-
can edition of the English Almanac was every year
revised by the late Dr. Bowditch with the utmost !
care; and that learned man and astute observer j
had frequently detected errors in the English work, !
which he corrected in his own; so that during his j
life the American Nautical Almanac was, in fact, a j
revisal of the British. Mr. A. believed that a fur- j
ther preparation of a similar book would be of the j
greatest use to our own navigators, of all descrip- |
tions, as well as to those of other countries, lie '
hoped the appropriation for such an object would |
become, a regular and permanent part of our naval '
appropriation bill; and that, through the skill and
exertions of the gentlemen who were now em- ;
ployed in our Observatory, the book would be !
made so accurate as to bccomc the most correct !
publication any where in existence. He entirely i
concurred in the sentiments expressed by his friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll,] which
were so becoming in an American statesman, and
united in the hope that the amendment would pre-
vail.
Mr. T. B. KING observed that, after what had
been so well said by others, he need add nothing
but to assure the committee, on his personal know-
ledge, that the observations already made and re-
corded had become sufficiently numerous to war-
rant the commencement of the publication of this
great work—a work which he contemplated with
feelings of exultation, and the publication of which
could not but be gratifying to every one who was
alive to the feeling of national pride.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH said that if the use
of the British Almanac was not intended to be dis-
pensed with, he should not oppose the adoption of
the amendment, which he understood to be intend-
ed as enabling us to make an experiment in the
production of a similar work. None v^ould go
further than he in promoting whatever would add
to the honor and standing of the country; nor did
any one esteem more highly the scientific gentle-
men who were now placed at the head of our Ob-
servatory. He should be proud to see our coun-
try advancing in science in proportion to our pro-
gress in other respects; and it certainly was a high
honor that American astronomers should be able
to point out the errors which existed in a .scientific
work of the Old World. But knowing, as he did,
the great accuracy of the British Almanac, and the
enormous national expense at which it was pre-
prepared and published—an expenditure in which
we could not imitate the British Government—he
should be very sorry to see the use of that work
discontinued, and the safety of our navy jeoparded
for the sake of indulging an American fecting, how-
ever just and laudable. This, as he had before
observed, was a question of the safety of our entire
naval armament. Should the amendment prevail,
the work would cither be a reprint of the British
Nautical Almanac, or an entirely original work of
our own. In the former ease "he should oppose
the appropriation as unnecessary; and, in the latter,
if our work was to supersede the British by way
of experiment, ho should oppose it as unsafe.
Mr. STANTON expressed regrets at the re-
marks which had just been made. He had been
told that the observations made at the sreat British
Observatory at Greenwich when tested and com-
pared, sometimes exhibited variations greater than
those which had been found in the observations it
was now proposed to publish. Whoever would
take the trouble to visit our Observatory would find
in the library there contributions of the most valu-
able description, which had been made from scien-
tific institutions abroad. Were we to make no re-
turn for tills national comity and liherality ? Were
the heavy expenditures which had already been in-
curred to be frustrated and rendered of no value to
the nation, by refusing to publish the result of what
had been done? As to accuracy of observation,
there was but one element in these calculations in
which greater accuracy could be obtained, and that
was inthc tables of rcfraction, which were of course
affected by the different climates in which astro-
nomical observations were made; the effect of our
own climate on such operations remained to be
more fully investigated. It was every way proper
that there should be an American almanac, as there
was already a British and French one, and if the
work were not slandered in that House beforehand,
it would receive and would soon justify the confi-
dence of the world. He thought there ought to
exist some just pride, .some Amciican feeling, in
this matter. The tables in this almanac would be
computed from the meridian of Washington, and
this would mark it as an American work, and as
such, commend it to the affections of every Ameri-
can sailor.
Mr. SAWYER rose to make noobiections to the
object of the appropi iation, but he must object to the
sum proposed. He believed there were in all twenty- j
one individuals now in the public employment at '
the Observatory, at a cost to the Government of |
$3,550 per annum. Could it be necessary to ap- j
propriate'$5,000 more to pay officers for their ser- ;
vices who were already drawing their regular pay
from the Government^ The amendment proposed
was for computing and publishing a nautical al-
manac.
Mr. THOMAS BUTLER KING begged leave
to correct the gentleman from Ohio. This sum
was proposed merely for printing the materials
which had already been collected.
Mr. SAWYER insisted that his statement was
correct, and he called for the reading of the amend-
ment at the Clerk's table.
[The amendment was read, and it proved to be,
as he had stated, for computing as well as publish-
ing.]
Mr. STANTON interposed and explained. The
officers at the Observatory, in the discharge of then-
present duty, were required to set up all night in
conducting their astronomical observations, and
their time was fully occupied by the scientific du-
ties of their place. A portion of the wroney would
be necessary to enable them to make the requisite-
computations for the almanac from the observa-
tions they had already m_ade and recorded.
Mr. SA WYER resumed, and said that the ex-
planation just-given confirmed him in what h-e had
expected, ami that was, that, if this appropriation
should be made, there would be another officer or
two employed at the establishment in addition to
those now paid by the Government. Mr. S. would
frankly confess, and was not ashamed to own-, that
he knfew nothing of the duties these-gerttlemen had
to discharge, but common sense -tayght him that
nineteen officers (for.two of the individuals of the
twenty-one he believed were messengers) ought to
be able to do a good deal of work, ami he presumed
they would have quite sufficient time to make these
computations without employing addition&l assist-
ance or receiving additional compensation.
Mr. THOMAS BUTLER KING said that a
large portion of the gentlemen employed were offi-
cers of the navy, and drew only such pay as their
naval rank entitled them to.
Mr. SAWYER understood the Blue Book to
state the contrary. They were there set down as
officers of the Observatory, and their respective
salaries stood opposite to their names, just like-all
the other salaries in that record. He understood
them to receive a salary for their duties at the
Observatory. If they drew pay as officers in the
navy, he presumed that was additional.
Mr. THOMAS B. KING stated that such was
not the fact. They received their navy pay, and
nothing more.
Mr. SAWYER, said that, whatever they might
receive, he thought there were enough Of them te>
compile the book. If the five thousand dollars
were wanted merely for the printing, let the amend-
ment say so.
Mr. ATKINSON suggested to the mover of the
amendment to strike out the words " for compu-
tation and." This would remove the ground of
objection, and in that form Mr. A. would cheer-
fully vote for the amendment.
Mr. STANTON said there were at the Observ-
atory three gentlemen who were professors of
mathematics; the residue were all officers in the
navy. These were all employed in making and
correcting the astronomical observations which
were constantly in progress at the institution, and
there was not at present force sufficient there to
make the computations necessary for the almanac.
A part of the appropriation was needed to meet
and to supply that want. The officers were en-
gaged in a work of immense extent, and one which
would be in the highest degree creditable to the
character of the country. They had undertaken)
the observation of every star visible in this latitude.
This made the mass of sidereal observations more
perfect and extensive than it had ever been before.
Professor Bache, in conducting the coast survey,
found the tables already prepared insufficient for
his use, and had been under the necessity of ex-
tending them by sidereal observations of his own.
The work in progress at the Observatory would,
when finished, leave nothing to be desired on the
subject. The officers sat up all night, and relieved
each other by turns. Sixteen naval officers and
three mathematical professors were insufficient to
the prosecution of so great a work and the compu-
tation of a nautical almanac besides.
Mr. McDOWELL, of Ohio, could not perceive
the necessity of so large a sum, and should at the
proper time, offer an amendment to strike out
" five" and insert " three."
The question immediately before the committee
was on Mr. Atkinson's amendment to the amend-
ment of Mr. Stanton, namely, to strike out the
words " for computation and."
On this the ayes were 25, the noes G5—no quo-
rum voting. A new count was had by tellers,
when the ayes were 41, the noes 64—no quorum
voting. A third count was now taken by consent,
when the ayes were 5G and the noes 66. A quo-
rum voted, and the amendment was rejected.
Mr. J. J. McDOWELL, now moved hisamend-
ment, to strike out " five" and insert " three," so
so as to reduce the appropriation to §3,000. It
was rejected without a count.
The amendment of Mr. Stantoh was then
agreed to. During the debate it was modified by
Mr. S. by adding thereto the following proviso:
" Provided, That no part of said sum shall be
