1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
965
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to pay in equal portions to Elizabeth
Sanders, Mary Ann Sanders, and Ellen Sanders,
sisters of Lewis Sanders, deceased, late an assist-
ant messenger, the -sum of one hundred and fifty
dollars to defray funeral expenses, an,d the balance
of pay of the said Lewis Sanders from the time of
his death to the close of the present session of
Congress; and also the additional compensation
usually allowed, for his strict and faithful attention
to the duties of liis office.
. Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolution;
which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the 40th rule for conducting busi-
ness in the Senate, and which requires the Senate
to close its doors when transacjiug executive busi-
ness, be rescinded; and that the Senate shall here-
after sit with open doors, when transacting all
business.
Mr. MANGUM, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution for
the relief of William H. Thomas; winch was read
twice, and placed upon the general orders without
a reference, the subject having been heretofore con-
sidered and reported upon.
Mr. BR.EESE, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported without amendment the (House)
bill to authorize the constituted authorities of the
county of Polk, in the Tenitory of Iowa, to enter
a quarter section of land for a seat of justice.
GENERAT, ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The Senate considered the adverse report of the
Committee on Finance upon the petition of C. A.
Ware; which was concurred in.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Rusk, was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of estab-
lishing an additional judicial district m the State of
Texas, and fixing the times and places of holding
the district courts of the United States in said
State.
The Senate considered the adverse report of the
Committee on Pensions on the petition of Smith
Cram; which was concurred in.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, the
Senate considered the report of the Committee on
Foreign Relations upon the claim of the owners of
the brig General Armstrong, and the whole subject
was referred to the Secretary of State, with instruc-
tions to take the necessary steps to bring the mat-
ter again before the Government of Portugal.
The Senate considered the adverse report of the
Committee of Claims on the petition of William
B. Foster; which was concurred in.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
"■bill for the relief of Elijah White;" and no
amendments being ofi'ered thereto, the question
was put upon ordering it to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. JARNAGIN asked for the yeas and nays;
which being ordered and called, resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Bunton, Breese, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers, IJiclimson,
lianriegan, Houstou, Johnson of Louisiana, Pemiy-
baoker, Rusk, Semple, Sevier, Speight, Sturgeon, and Tur-
ney—'W.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Berrien, Thomas Clayton, John
M. Clayton, Colquitt, Corwin, D.iytou, Evans, Fairfield,
Gteene, Haywood,- Huntington, Jarnagin, Jenness, Johnson
of Maryland, McDutiie, Mangum, Miller, Nilea, Pearee,
Phelps, Simmons, Upliam, Wcatcott, and Woodbndge—25.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, asked the con-
sideration of the joint resolution in relation to the
Houmas land grants; which was not agreed to.
On motion of Mr. McDUFFlE, the communi-
cation from the General Land Office, received this
morning, in-relation to the Houmas land grants,
was ordered to be printed.
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. N, P.
Trist,]
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting official reports received at the
War Department from the officer commanding the
army on the Mexican frontier, giving a detailed re-
port of the operations of the army in that quarter,
and particularly of the recent engagements between
the Mexican and American forces, was read, and,
on motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, it was ordered to be
printed^
The bill for the relief of Nathaniel Phillips was
read a second time, considered in committee of
the whole, reported, without amendment, and or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time.
By unanimous consent the bill was then read a
third time and passed.
The bill for the relief of J. Throckmorton was
read a second time, considered as in committee of
the whole, reported without amendment, and or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill giving the assent of Congress to a
change of the compact entered into between the
United States and the State of Arkansas, on her
admission into the Union, was read a second time,
and considered as in committee of the whole, when
Mr. ASHLEY explained that its object was
simply to enable the State of Arkansas to appro-
priate the proceeds of certain land granted for the
institution of a University in that State for the pur-
poses of common school education.
The bill being reported to the Senate without
amendment, was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House do
recede from certain amendments to the bill supple-
mental to the Mexican war bill, and insist on oth-
ers, the particulars of which are to be found in the
House proceedings. Also, that the House had
passed a joint resolution to refund to the Gover-
nors of the several States, called upon by Generals
Scott and Games for volunteers, the expenses in-
cui*red in fitting out and preparing said volunteers
for service.]
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Adams & Co.
and others was read a sccond time, considered in
commiitce of the whole, and no amendmenent being
submitted, it was reported back to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution for the relief of Orlando Salt-
marsh and William Fuller, was read a second time,
and considered as in committee of the whole, and,
after amendment, was reported back to the Senate.
The Senate concurred in the amendment, and the
bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
A bill providing for the purchase and distribu-
tion of the decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States among the several States and Terri-
tories, was read a second time, and considered as
in committee of the whole.
No amendment being submitted to the bill, it was
reported back to the Senate.
Mr. BENTON objected to the purchase, by
Congress, of books for distribution.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted a few remarks in favor
of the bill, explaining its object, and showing that
thirteen States of the Union had instructed or re-
quested their Senators to vote for it—to wit: the
Suites of Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, New Jer-
sey, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire,
Connecticut, Rhode Island, Delaware, Ohio, and
Florida.
After some further conversation between Sena-
tors D1X and BENTON,
Mr. ALLEN moved that the bill be laid upon
the table, signifying his desire to discuss the ques-
tion, but gave way to
Mr. BERRIEN, who moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business;
which motion was agreed to.
The Senate then went into Executive session, and
after some time spent therein, the doors were open-
ed, and the Senate adjourned till Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 12,184G.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour to be the resolution here-
tofore reported by Mr. Gordon, from the select
committee on the subject of the distribution of the
tenth volume of the laws of the United States.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. McKAY rose' to submit a motion that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of re-
suming the consideration of the naval appropriation
bill, it was very desirable, he said, that the bill
should be acted upon immediately.
And he would take this occasion to say that he
proposed next week (perhaps on Monday) to call
up for consideration the bill that had been reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means, pro-
viding for a change of the law of 1842, commonly
called the tariff.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. DANIEL hoped, he said, that as.the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. McKay] had been
indulged in a few remarks, the same privilege
would be extended to him, so far as to allow him
to say that if the motion to go into committee
should not prevail, he should feel it to be his duty
to move that the House procccd to the considera-
tion of the private calendar, which was the regular
business of the day.
A PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
The question was about to be taken on the mo-
tion of Mr. McKay, when
Mr. HARALSON rose and asked leave to make
a personal explanation.
Leave having been granted,
Mr. HARALSON said he felt himself most re-
luctantly called upon to make an explanation per-
sonal to himself and to the Committee on Military
Affairs, in consequence of an article which ap-
peared in the " Union" of yesterday morning un-
der its editorial head. In commenting on the letter
of General Taylor of the 18th May, in which an
account is given of the loss of Lieutenant Stephens,
while attempting to swim the Rio Grande with his
squadron, and on the great advantages which were
lost to General Taylor in improving the results of
his victory for the want of a ponton train, the edi-
tor makes use of the language which I will request
the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read the following:
" It will be seen from the letter of General Taylor of the
18th of May, published above, that it was very unfortunate
that lie was not supplied with a ponton train, which would
have enabled him to pursue the enemy across the Rio
Giande, andgreatlynnprove the results of his victory. Hav-
ing made inquiry upon the subject, we have ascertained that
jt wn-s a houtco of no less regietto the War Department than
to Geneidi Taylor, that it possessed neither the power nor
the means ot providing him with such a tiain. Its great
uhi'luhicf* and importance m militaiy opeiations has, we
und<Mstand, been long known to the department, and va-
rious eftorts have been made to induce Congress to make
provision for it. The Secretary of War, in his last annual
leport, strongly recommended the measure, as will be seen
from the following extract:
" 'The propriety of organizing a corps, moderate in point
' of numbers, of miners, sappers, and pontoniers, has here-
tofore been often presented to the consideration of Con-
'gress. The reasons for such a corps are becoming more
i evident and urgent, in consequence of the military occu-
pation of Texas. The commanding general there bas re-
' quested to be furnished with a ponton train, deeming it
< very essential to the movement of the army in that coun-
<tiy. In many parts of it, the materials for constructing
1 bridges are not to be obtained. When that is the case, the
'movements of an aimy would be impeded or arrested by
1 the considerable streams traversing its line ot operations,
<imlc.-s it was .supplied with the necessary equipage for
'crossing them, and attended by a corps instructed in the
(use of this equipage. The name by which this coipsis
' usually designated—that of sappers* and miners—is apt to
< mislead the judgment us to the natuie of its duties, and
4 consequently as to its usefulness and adaptation to our
' eei vice. The seiviccs required oi it in attacks upon forti-
e jicd places constitute but a small poition of its appropriate
<duties. This subject is fully and ably discussed m the
< report of the chief engineer, herewith submitted. The rec-
' ommendation m its favor is sustained by strong arguments
£ and the highe.-t military authority, and I trust will procure
'for it the favoiable action of Congress. This corps need
< not he numerous—one hundred enlisted men being deemed
' sufficient; and, if placed under the command of the prcs-
4 ent engineer officers, it would not be expensive.'"
" This recommendation was followed up by earnest and
repeated efforts by the department to induce its sanction by
Congress; and the Secretary of War no less than three
tunes, in the early part of the session; addressed the appro-
priate committee on the subject, urging the importance of
this measure, and reminding them that the general com-
manding the army m Texas had called for tins essential
equipment to his military operations."
Now, Mr. Speaker, (said Mr. H.) it is not
known certainly that by the term "appropriate
committee" the Committee on Military Affairs of
this House was meant, or that any censure was in-
tended against that committee; but the imriication
is so strong, since the subject had been before that
coitimittee, as to leave them no alternative hut to
make a public correction of it. While they do not
object that a just compliment should be paid to the
Secretary of War, and would willingly concede,
themselves, to that officer that he has discharged
his duties faithfully and promptly on this subject,
they arc unwilling that it should be done at their
expense; and it is due to them that the whole facts
in relation to their action on the subject should be
