966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
known, and they have directed nie to state that
which I shall now detail to the House, that-vvitlnn
less than two weeks after the report of the Secre-
tary of War was printed and laid on our tables,
the bill on this subject was promptly reported to
the House. On the 19th of December, the subject
was referred to the gentleman from South Carolina,
(Mr. Burt,) which was before the printed mes-
sa<re'of the President and the accompanying docu-
ments had reached this House. On the 8th of Jan-
uary, the bill, having been reported to this House
from the Senate, and referred to the committee on
Military Affairs, was promptly acted on by that
committee, and by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina reported to the House for its action, nndie-
pcated efforts were made by tlic gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Briskerhoff,] the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] as well as myself,
(as will be recollected by the House,) to have the
action of the House upon that measure. Its im-
portance was felt no more by the Secretary of War
than by the committee themselves; and perhaps it
is due to the committee to state that it is not within
their recollection that they "were addressed no
jess than three times in the early part of the ses-
sion on the subject, urging the importance of tins
measure, and leminding them that the general com-
manding the army in Texas had called for this es-
sential equipment of his operations,'' as specified
in the article read by the Clerk. They have in that
matter—as I trust will be awarded to them in every
other matter—promptly discharged their duties to
the country, sometimes anticipating the probable
reference of subjects, and acting upon them before
they were moved in the House—meeting some-
times every morning for a week together.
It was not the object of the committee to reflect
upon the Secretary of War or Colonel Totteir, on
the contrary, they took pleasure in bearing witness
that they had faithfully discharged their duty
on the subject; but while this had been done,
under this editorial it was implied at least that
there was a lack of promptness on the part of the
Committee on Military Affairs; and it was due to
them to correct any such impression, and that it
should be known that they had discharged their
duties faithfully to the country. A like bill had
also been reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs of the last Congress.
The question now recurring ori the motion of
Mr. McKay—
Mr. PRESTON KING demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordered, and, being taken, were
yeas 82, nays 83.
So the House refused to go into committee.
Mr. T. B. KING, by leave, from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill to authonze
and require the Sccretai y of the Navy to enter into
certain contracts for the transportation of the Uni-
ted States mail in ocean steamers, accompanied by
a report in writing; which bill was read twice and
committed.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the House proceed
to the consideration of the pmate calendar, but
waived the motion to enable
Mr. HARALSON to ask that the supplemental
war bill, which had been returned from the Senate
with certain amendments, be taken up; and
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON to ask the disposi-
tion of bills fiom the Senate, now on the Speaker's
table.
By unanimous consent, the resolution to conoct
a clerical error in the act approved June G, 1846,
for the relief of George Duval, a Cherokee Indian,
was read a third time and passed.
SUPPLEMENTAL WAR BILL.
The House, by general consent, proceeded to
the consideration of the amendments of the Senate
to the bill entitled " An act providing for the pros-
ecution of the existing war between the United
States and the Republic of Mexico,"and for other
purposes.
The House reccdcd from such of its amend-
ments as are not herein particularly referred to.
The question being on concurring in the amend-
ment of the Senate striking out the following pro-
viso:
Provided, That when the war with Mexico shall termi-
nate, the number of major general!? in the anny shall be re-
riueed to one, and the number of brigadier goneials shall
be leduced to two; and the President of the Unite;! States
is authorized and directed to select from the whole number
winch may then be in office, without icgurd to the date of
their commissions, the number to be retained, and cause
i ihe lemainder to be di^eliargod from the service of the Uni-
1 ted State*,
Mr. HAMLIN moved that the House insist on
its amendment.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the House recede.
Mr. HAMLIN briefly explained his reasons for
the vote he would give. He was willing to vote
any force that the public exigencies might require;
but he wished that the same bill that created that
force should provide for its dismissal whenever the-
emergency that called it into existence should have
passed away.
Mr. McCLERNAND demanded the previous
question.
There was a second, and the main question (on
receding) was ordered to be now taken,
Mr. TIBBATTS asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Arnold, Ashmun, Bar-
linger, Bedinger, Beli, James A. Black, Brockenbrough",
Biodliead, Wilton Brown, Burt, William W. Campbell, Jonn
CJ. Chapman, (Joekc, Oollamer, Cranston, Crozier, Culver,
Dujgan, J).uraglt, Delano, Dockery, Diomgoole, John H.
Ewnig, Edwin U. Ewing, Foot, Giles, Graham, Hampton,
liaralf-oii, Harper, hienicK, E. B. Holmes, Isaac E. Holmes,
John W. iiou&ton, S. 1) Hubbard, Hudson, Washington
Hunt, Kaufman, D. P. King, Leake, Leib, Lewis,-Long,
J times McDowell, McUaughey, Mc Henry, Mcllvaiue, Alaisli,
1L Martin, Miller, Mo^oky, Pendleton, Jfillsbury, Pollock,
Itmnsey, Ltsithbun, Julius Rockwell, J. A. Rockwell, Runk,
Schenck, Seaman, Seddori, Severance,Simpson, A. Smith,
U. B. Snuth, Stanton, Stowait, Strolnn, Thomasson, Benj.
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Towns, Tiumbo, Vance,
Vinton, Wick, Wmthiop, Woodward, Wright, Yancey, and
Young—£4.
NAYS—Messrs. John Cluincy Adams, Atkinson, Benton,
Bi<r! s, James Black, Bowlm, Boyd, William G. Brown,
Butfiugton, Jolm II. Campbell, Reuben Chapman, Chase,
Ctmke, Cobb, Collin, Culloui, Cumnuas Cunningham,
Daniel, Dc Mott, Dobbin, Douglass, Ed^all, Ellsworth, Etd-
man, Farnn, Ficklin, Fries, Gamn, Giddmgs, Gordon,
Hamlin, Henley, fio^e, Hopkins,Hough, GeorgeS. Houston,
Edmund W. IIubard, Hungeiford, Jamce B. Hunt, Jenkins,
Jaiue-i IT. Johnson, Andtew Johnson, G. W. Jones, Sea-
born Jones. Kennedy, P. King, Lumpkin, Maelay, McClean,
i\lc( lellana, MeClernand, BleConneli, McCrate, Joseph J.
McDowell, McKay, J. P. Martin, Moiris, Moulton, Niven,
Noras, Owen, Parrith, Payne, Pcrrill, Perry, Phelps, lleid,
Relfe, Hitter, Roberts, Russell, SawteUe,Sawyer, Seammon,
Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Suns, Thomas Smith,
Starkweather, St. John, Strong, Sykes, James Thompson,
Tibbatts, Tredway, Wentworth, Wheaton, White, Williams,
Wood, Woodwortb, and Yost—92.
So the House refused to recede,
And determined to insist on its amendment.
The question being on concurring in the amend-
ment of the Senate, striking out the following pro-
viso :
" Si?c. lf>. And he it further enacted, That from and after
the parage o{ tins act, no officer m the army of the United
Stat': . not actually engaged m prosecuting or aiding in car-
lying on hostilities against the public enemy, shall be en-
titled to receive more than eight rations per day, or commu-
tation theiefor."
Mr. GORDON moved that the House insist on
its amendment; and demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved that the House recede.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH asked the yeas and
nays on the latter motion; which were ordered,
and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Meters. John Q,. Adams, Stephen Adams, Ar-
nold, Ashmun, Bayly, Bell, Biggs, Bufiington, Burl, William
W. Campbell, Jonn il. Campbell, Jolm G. Chapman, Colla-
mer, Cranston, Cioziei, Culver, Dargan, Darragh. Jellersou
Davis, Dockeiv, Dromgoole, Jolm H. Ewuig, Edwin II.
E\\ ing, Foot, Gcnhy, Giaiiam, Hampton, Haraison, Harper,
Isaac E. llolines, John W. Houston, Hudson, Washington
Hunt, Kaufman, Daniel P. King, Thomas B. King, Leake,
Leib, Lewi-, Long, McOi ate. James McDowell, MeGaughey,
McHomy, Mellvaine,McKay,Mar&h,Miller, Moseley, Ow-
en, Pel iv, Pollock, Ramsey, Rathbun, Julius lloekwell, John
A I'ookwell, Runk, Seaman, Seddoa, Caleb B Smith, Stan-
ton, Stewait, Stiohm, Tuoma^on, Benjamin Thompson,
Jacob Thompson. Tliurinan, Tibbatts, Tiumbo, Vinton,
Whit,x, Wmturop, Woodwoith, Wiight, Yam cy, and Young
—lb.
NAYS—Messrs. Andeison, Atkinson, Benton, James
Black, Jarnes A. Black, Bowlm, Boyd, Brodhead, Milton
Brown, William G. Brown, Cathcart, Reuben Chapman,
Ciiw, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke, Collin, Cullom, Cumimus,
Cunningham, Darnel, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Doug-
lass, Edsall, Erdman, Faran, Ficklin, Fri^s, Garvin, Giles,
Gordon, Hamlm, Harman.son, Henlcv, Rprrirk, Hoge, Hop-
kins Hough, Gcoiee S. Houston, Edmund W. Hnbard, Hun-
James B. Hunt, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, George
W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kennedy, P. King, Lumpkin,
Mac)ay, McClean. McClelland, MeClernand, McConneJl,
John P. Martin, Barklej M.irtni, Moms, Moulton, Niven,
Noiris, Pairioli, Payne, PenslJ, Phelps, Reid, Relfe, Rittcr,
Robert^, Russfll. Sawrdlo, Sawyer, Seammon, Alexander
D. Sims, LeonardH. Sims, Simpson,Thomas Smith,Robert
Smith, Staikweather, St. Jolm, Strong, James Thompson,
Tredway. Wentwoith, Wheaton, Wick, Williams, Wood-
worth, and Yost—90.
So the House refused to recede.
And determined to insist.
The House also insisted crn the foliowmg.amend-
ment:
ee Sko. 16. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That wheji any offifeer
of the army shall make a requisition upon the Executive of
any State for militia or volunteers, to be employed^ in the
service of the United States, it shall be the duty of the otfi- -
ecr to communicate to the said Executive stcopy of much -
of his instructions as contain ihe authority under which he
acts, and all calls otherwise made shalJ be disregarded."
The question-then recurred on the motion of Mr.
Daniel.
the secret service fund.
Mr. SCHENCK rose, he said, to a question of
privilege.
Mr. S., from the select committee, heretofore
apointed under the following Resolution:
Resolved, That a select committee of £vg mem-
bers be appointed to inquire how the seal of con-
fidence imposed by law, heretofore uniformly pre-
served, in relation to the expenditure of said secret
fund, has come to be broken, and how the said
Charles J. Ingersoll has obtained the informa-
tion which he has communicated to this House
and to the public, and through whose agency such
information has been procured, whether by the
act of said Inoersoll himself, or by any officer of
any department of this Government; and that the
said committee have power-to send for persons and
papers, and that they report to this House as soon
as practicable the result of their investigation—
Rose to present, under the unanimous instruc-
tions of the committee, a report.
Mr. HOPKINS suggested that, as the member
concerned , in the report [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll]
was absent, it would oe better to defer its presenta-
tion for a few days. That gentlem&n, Mr. H.
understood, had been called home by a family af-
fliction, and had left the city last evening.
Mr. DOBBIN said that the gentleman who was
referred to in the report knew that it would proba-
bly come in; and he (Mr. D.) was sure that the
gentleman had no objection to its being presented
and printed.
Mr. SCHENCK presented the report, and
called for the reading of the resolution with vHuch
it concluded.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the reading of the
report.
The resolution was read.,.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL repeated the call
of Mr. Brodhead for the reading of the report.
The report and resolution were then read, viz:
The select committee, appointed to inquire as to the vio-
lation of " the neal of confidence" of the State Department,
and how information was obtained by Charles J. Ing'er-
soll from secret papers and accounts in that department
which the President had declined to communicate to this
House in answer to a resolution and lequest of the House,
REPORT:
That immediately after their appointment they proceeded
to make the investigation required by the older of the House,
and have been assiduously engaged ever since in the dis-
charge of the duty assigned them. They have applied to
ail supposed proper sources of information, and have exam-
ined all the witnesses who were likely to be able to throw
any lightnpon the subject of their inquiry; and the result of
their labors has been a mass of testimony, which they now
produce to the House.
After much consideration the committee have concluded
to present the evidence which they have collected, without
any expression of their opinion in regard to what is es-
tablished by it. Whatever might properly be said by the
committee would hut consist of conclusions and inferences,
to be drawn from the proof itself, and which can as well be
deduced, from the facts as they appear, by the House as by
the committee; and they have deemed itmost proper, there-
fore, under all the circumstances, to forbear any comment
whatever, and to leave the House, after considering what
has been elicited by the examination, to take such order and
action in the premise as the ease and the occasion may
seem to require. The committee present herewith the full
record ot their proceedings, and of all the testimony, asking
that the same be printed for the use and information of the
House. And inasmuch as some portion of the proof con-
nects and implicates one or more of the subordinate officers
of the State Depaitment with Mr. Ingersoll in his means
and the maimer of procuring access to secret papers of that
department, the committee also propose that the result of
their investigation be communicated to the proper executive
heads. They recommend the adoption of the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the report and rccord of proceedings of
the committee, and all the testimony, be primed for the use
of the House; that the Speaker be directed to furnish copies
of the document, when printed, to the President of the
United States, and to the Secretary of State; and that the
committee be now discharged from further consideration o
the subject. ROBT. V. SCHENCK,
i J. C. DOBBIN,
I A- k. McILYAItfE,
' FjRED. P. STANTON,
i JOHN A. ROCKWELL.
; Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moted that the whole
i subject be taid on the table.
