1846-
TH E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
967
Mr. KENNEDY said, that before he voted for
the printing,* he should wish to hear the evidence
*ead.
Mr. HOUSTON withdrew that part of his mo-
tion which provided for . the printing,
Mr, STEWART renewed it. •
Mr. THURMAN suggested that this matter
should be suffered to lie over until Mr. Ingersoll's
return.
But the suggestion was' not apceded to.
The question was then taken on the first part of
the motion,
And the whole subject was laid on the table.
The question recurring on the printing,
Mr. KENNEDY submitted whether it was not
his right, before voting, to have the testimony read.
The reply of the Speaker was not heard; but the
evidence was not read.
The question wasthen taken, and the papers were
ordered to be printed.
The question again recurred on the motion of Mr.
Daniel;
But Mr. WINTHROP having claimed the floor,
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolution heretofore reported by Mr. Gordon,
from the Select Committee on the subject of the
distribution of the tenth volume of the Laws of the
- United States.
Mr. WINTHROP concluded his remarks in op-
position to the resolution.
Mr. HUNGERFORD demanded the previous
.question; but withdrew it, after some conversation.
Mr. BOWLIN opposed the resolution in every
■shape and form. Mr. B. yielded for explanation
to Messrs. GORDON and BELL.
Mr. BELL spoke in favor of the resolution.
Mr. HUDSON made some explanation, (yield-
ing to Messrs. WINTHROP and E. H. EWING,
for inquiry and explanation.)
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON spoke in opposi-
tion to the resolution, and had not concluded when
the Speaker announced the expiration of the morn-
ing hour.
A message in writing was received from the Pres-
ident of the United States,
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
The question now recurred on the motion of Mr.
Daniel that the House procced to the considera-
tion of the private calendar.
Mr, McCLERNAND rose, and moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
•on the state of the Union, and gave notice that if
the motion carried, he would move in committee
to take up House bill, No. 9, " to reduce and grad-
uate the price of the public lsinds to actual settlers
and cultivators.''
Mr. McC. said this bill had been reported at an
early period of the session in conformity with the
recommendations of the President in his Message,
and of the Secretary of the Treasury, and of the
"Commissioner of the General Laud Office in their
reports. He hoped it had been framed in a spirit
of conciliation and compromise which would rec-
ommend it to general favor. The measure was a
very important one, affecting the revenues of the
Government, the settlement and development of
the public lands, and the just expectations of the
•great class of agriculturists. He hoped the House
would sustain the motion,
Mr. DANIEL submitted that his motion was
entitled to priority. '
The chair was occupied pro tem. by Mr. Hot-
kins, who decided that though the motion of Mr.
Daniel was ponding at the time Mr. McClernand
made his motion, yet that the latter, being a mo-
tion to suspend the rules, had precedence over the
former.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered on
the motion to go into committee; and, being taken,
were—yeas 78, nays 4)0.
So the House refused to go into committee.
Mr. W. HUNT made an ineffectual motion to
suspend the rules, for the purpose of enabling him
to introduce a joint resolution authorizing the pre-
sentation of a silver medal to the soldiers under the
command of General Taylor in the recent engage-
ments with the Mexicans.
THE ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr STEWART moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to offer the following resolu-
tion, which was read for information:
Resolved hj the Senate and House of Representatives in
Congress assembled, That the President of the Senate and
Speaker of the House of Representatives do adjourn their
respective Houses sine die on the 29th day of July, at two
o'clock.
Mr. S. asked the yeas and nays, which were
ordered.
Mr. J. P. MARTIN gave notice of his intention,
should the resolution be received, to offer an amend-
ment providing that Congress should adjourn when-
ever the tariff bill had been acted upon,
Mr. STEWART asked the yeas and nays on
his motion, which were ordered, and being taken,
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Q. Adams, Stephen Artnm^, Arnold,
Barrmger, Boll, James Rlaek, Brodhead, Milton Brown,
William G. Brown, Butfington, William W. Campbell,
Cntlrean, John G. Chapman, Clarke, Cocke, Cranston,
Crozier, Cullom, Culver, Darragh, Doekery, Edsnl!, Eid-
man, John fl. Ewing, Edwin H. "Ewm«, Faran, Foot, Fos-
ter, Giddings,' Giles, Graham, Hamlin, Hampton, Harper,
Henley, Herrick, Eli as B.Huiincs, John "VV. ilouMort, Sam-
uel D. Ilubbard, Hudson, Hungerford, Washington Hunt,
Jenkins, James II. Johnson, Andrew John=on, !>. P. King,
Thomas Butler King, Lewis, Levin, Ln:n'- McClcan, Me-
Crate, McGaughey, McIIenry, Mellvame, Miller, Moseley,
Owen, I'erry, Pollock, Ritter, Julius Rockwell, John A.
Rockwell, Runk, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Seammon, Sehenek,
Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Ste-
phens, Stewait, Strohm, Thihodeauv, Benjamin Thompson,
Tkurman, Tibbatts. Tilden, Trumlio. Vinton, White, Wil-
liams, Winthrop, Wright, and Yona;;—*7.
NArs—Messrs. Anderson, Alkmsou, Benton, Biges, J.
A. Black, Rovvlin, Boyd, Brinkerlloll", Brockenbtoufrh, Burt,
Reuben Chapman, Chase, Cobb, Collin, Daniel, Jefferson
Davis, T)e Mote, Dillinqham, Dobbin, Drumgoole, Fills-
worth, Fiekhn, Fries, Garvm, Gordon, Harman*on, Tlil-
liard, Iloge, Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, George S.
Houston, E. W. Hubard, J. B. Hunt, Georsre W. Jones,
Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy, T.cjb, La Sere, Lump-
kin, Mat-lay, McClelland, MeClerliand, MeConneli, Joseph
J. McDowell, James McDowell, McKay, Marsh, John P.
Martin, Burkley Maitiri, Morn-', Moulton, Niven, Nonis,
ParrWi, Payne, Pendleton, Penill, Pill-burv, Rathbun, Reid,
Relfe, Roberts, Seddon, Alexander 1). Sims, I.eonaid 11.
Sims, Simpson, Robert Smith, Stanton, Staikweather. St.
John, Strong, Sykes, Jatob Thnmp.'On, Tredway, Wont-
worth, Whenton, Woodward, Woodworth, i'aneey, and
Yost—S3.
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lution was not received.
THE HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. COBB moved that the rules be suspended
for the purpose of enabling him to submit n motion
that hereafter the daily hour of meeting should be
ten o'clock.
Mr. C. asked the yeas and nays, which were or-
dered, and being taken, were—yeas 119, nays 47.
So the rules were suspended.
And the resolution being thus before the House,
Mr. COBB (accepting a"suggestion from Mr. T.
B. King) substituted nine for ten in the morning.
Mr. COJLLAMER moved to amend the modified
resolution so as to reinstate tho hour of ten, and to
provide that the Speaker should adjourn the House
at three o'clock without motion.
Mr. BRINICERHOFF demanded the previous
question.
Mr. GILES and Mr. A. JOHNSON sent up
amendments, which could not be received, but
which were read for information.
M. JOHNSON'S amendment was as follows:
Resolved, That this House meet every morning
at ten o'clock, and that all motions to adjourn be-
fore three o'clock, p. m., shall by the Speaker be
decided out of order, and not entertained by him.
Resolved btj the Senate and House of Representatives,
That the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives do adjourn their
respective Houses sine die on the 20th day of July
proximo, 1846, at two o'clock, p. m.
Mr. BOYD asked a division on Mr. Couahee's
amendment, which was^ ordered.
After some conversation on points of order,
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question was ordered.
The first branch of Mr. Collajulr's amendment
was agreed to.
The second branch was rejected.
And the resolution thus amended, wasadopted.
So the House resolved to meet at Jem o'clock.
PAY OF SOLDIERS.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved a suspension of
the rules to enable him to introduce the following
bill:
A BILI. to increase tile pay of the rank and file of the army
of the United States, and of the volunteers arid militia m
the service of the United States in time of war.
Be it cnaitei hi the Senate and House of Rejnesemtatwes
of tfte United States of Jlmeriea in Congress assembled, That
from and after the dav of the commencement of hostilities
in the existing war with Mexico, and until the close of said
war, the pay of tile non-commissioned officers, musicians,
and privates, in tile regular army of the United States, and
of volunteers and militia m the service of the United States,
shall be two dollars per month m addition to the pay and al-
lowances at present allowed by law.
Mr. B. asked the yeas and nays on his motion,
which were refused.
And the question being taken, the House refused
to suspend the rules.
So the bill was not introduced.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, the cominittee
took up the message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, covering the correspondence of General
Taylor in relation to the recent engagements on the
Rio Grande.
The paper-s were laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed,
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved the printing of five
thousand extra copies; but objection being made,
Mr, D. withdrew his motion.
MINERAL LANDS.
" Mr. WOODWORTH, on leave given, offered
the following resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War furnish this
House "with any report or reports in his possession
of the agents -superintending the mineral lands on
Lake Superior, together with the accompanying
map or maps, if any, showing the extent of terri-
tory leased or located under the authority of that
department.
THE ARMY OF OCCUPATION.
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS made an ineffectual
motion to suspend the rules, to enable him to offer
the following joint resolution;
Whereas the recent, sei vices rendered by the army of occu-
pation on the Hio Giandc, especially in the battles of Palo
Alto and Resaca do Palma, and in the defence of Fort Brown,
deserves the admiration and gratitude of the American peo-
ple—
Be it resolved by the Senate <ind House of Representatives,
That a gold medal, commemorative of the battles of Palo
Alio and Bes-aca de Palma, be presented to General Z. Tay-
lor, commanding on those occasions.
Resolved, That a bionze medal, to be formed out of the
shells thrown ayainst Fou Brown, and the field-pieces cap-
tured in the battles before named,anddesignrd toeommem-
orate those events,be presented to each of the officers, non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates engaged in
either of actions.
KesnW, That a like modal bo presented to tile neaiest
relative of each officer or enlisted man killed in battle, or
who has since died of the wounds thus received, on either
of the occasions herein recited.
Resolved, That a sword of honor be presented to each of
the officers charged with the construction and defence- ot
Fort Polk anterior't  9th -May, 1846,'and who was not en-
gaged in the defence of Fort Brown, ot the battles of Palo
Alto or Resacij de Palma.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
It was now three o'clock.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the private calendar.
Bills of the following titles were read a third
time and passed:
A bill to authorize the agent for paying pensions
at Cincinnati, to pay to John Wing any arrears of
pension money due to Dorothy Terrell, deceased.
A bill for the relief of N. and L. Dana and Com-
pany.
A bill for the relief of Philip and Eliphelet
Greely.
A bill for the relief of Emanuel Bern and John
M. Reese.
A bill for the relief of John G. McCloud, of Lmn
county, Iowa.
A bill to confirm an entry of land made by the
administrator of James Anderson, deceased, of
Iowa Territory.
The resolution for the relief of Shelden B. Hays
came up on the question of concurrence in the
amendment of the Committee of the Whole;
And pending the question,
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jane 13, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read, and (having
been amended, on motion of Mr. DOBBIN, so as
to state the-fact that the evidence accompanying Mr.
Schenck's report was ordered to be printed, as
well as the report itself) was approved.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the resolution heretofore reported by
Mr. Gokdon, from the select committee on the
