970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June IS,
McKAY, again resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole oil the State of the Union, (Mr. Ham-
lin, of Maine, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the said bill.
Mr. WHITE gave notice of an amendment
which lie wished to offer when in order.
Mr. HENLEY signified his intention to direct
his remarks to an item which was not immediately
under consideration; but upon which they would
soon be called to act. The system of navy-yards
was coming to be a very expensive branch of the
/government; and in addition, it was undermining,
in a very great degree, the mechanical skill and
labor of the country. He should direct his re-
marks particularly to the appropriation proposed
for the construction of the navy-yard at Memphis.
When the appropriation for this yard was first
made, it was called a western measure. As a
western man, he protested against it as a western
measure; and he wished to show to the committee
and the country, that they of the West asked no
such thing as a western measure. Under the law
now in force, the Secretary of the Navy had de-
cided (and, he believed, had decided coirectly) that
he was obliged to direct that the vessels be built
at the navy-yards of the General Government. In
consequence of this, you cut off individual enter-
prise—our mechanics and shipwrights in the west-
era country, who have their ship-yards, their lum-
ber, hands, implements, capital, and everything
necessary for the building the best vessels that can
be built in the world, at 25 or 30 per cent, less than
the government can build for at its navy-yards,
after it has expended millions for the construction
of these navy-yards. As a western man, he pro-
tested against this as a western measure. He called
attention to the fact that, at Pittsburg and thence to
JSTew Orleans, and from New Orleans lip the Mis-
sissippi river—everywhere on our large navigable
rivers, or " inland .seas" were mechanics, ship-
wrights—enterprising men, with all the means and
faculties of building the largest ships, and who
wanted a fair opportunity for competition for them;
and yet it was proposed to cut them all off and
put this work into the supervision of a few men se-
lected at your yards as government favorites, and
receiving large salaries ifrom the public treasury.
Mr. DARRAGH addressed an inquiry to Mr.
H., of which nothing was heard by the reporter,
but in reply to which
Mr. HENLEY said " yes;" that is the decision
of the Secretary of the Navy; and it was that that
called his attention to the subject. lie had not
objected, he admitted, to the building a navy-yard
at Memphis, until he found it was cutting off the
mechanics of the West, in violation of one cherish-
ed principle of democracy, from all opportunity
of competition for these contracts.
He intended, at the proper time, to move to
strike out this appropriation for Memphis. We
had expended $50,000 there only; that was nothing
in comparison with what could be saved; we could
save that in one month by building vessels at pri-
vate enterprise, at private sliip-yards. There was
now here a committee from the district he repre-
sented—fiom a (ity of some 6,000 cit 7,000 inhab-
itants, where were a number of master shipbuilders
— svhcrc they were building the largest and best
vessels on the western waters—perhaps he ought
not to say best, for they claimed anywhere in the
West that they could not be beat—but where they
were building the largest and the first quality of
vessels 25 per cent, cheaper than they could be built
anywhere, except in the West, and where they
were now building for the East, who came around
there to get their boats built because tliey could
furnish better materials, and labor, and piovisions
weie cheaper than anywhere else. Every gentleman
knew that contracts could be executed at much
less expense by private agencies than the labor
could be procured for, if done under the direction
of Government itself. That was the true principle
for Government to let out at contract everything it
could. Navy-yards at some points, and to a cer-
tain point he admitted, might be necessary. He
would not attack the whole system; but so far as
his constituents and the whole West were con-
cerned, he protested against the building a navy-
yard at Memphis; and he called the attention of
gentlemen who represented the mechanics of the
West to this subject. They only desired fair play,
and not to be cut off from bids for contracts, as
they were now, under the construction of the Sec-
retary, which, no doubt, was right.
In reply to an inquiry of Mr. TaxiRMiN, which
was lost to the reporter, Mr. H. said when tJlis
subject of navy-yards was disposed of, he proposed
to follow up this move by passing a law authori-
zing the Secretary of the Navy to let this work out
at contract, that the Government might have the
advantage of the industry, skill, cheapness of ma-
terials, and everything which they of the West
had to offer.
Mr. DARRAGH said if this construction of the
Secretary of the Navy was correct, as a friend of
the navy, and with a view to the promotion of the
great interests of the country, he should go for the
repeal of this law. He was satisfied that individual
skill and enterprise would do the work not only at
less expense, but in a better manner than it was
possible for Government to have it done at the
navy-yards. He gave his views as to the impor-
tance of the navy-yard at Memphis, and referred
to the facilities afforded at Pittsburg, especially for
the construction of iron steamers, which were so
strongly recommended by a variety of considera-
tions by the gentleman fiom Georgia, [Mr. King,]
in his report, and which were now receiving so
much attention generally.
In conclusion, he gave notice of, and briefly ex-
plained an amendment which he should offer, when
in order, appropriating for the completion of marine
hospitals previously commenced at Pittsb,iirg and
at other points.
Mr. STANTON, in reply to the attacks made
on the navy-yard at Memphis, said that some two
or three years ago, on a full consideration of the
subject in this House, and in the other branch of
Congress, it was determined to establish a navy-
yard in the western country, and doubtless the gen-
tleman from Indiana would have been satisfied with
the decision, provided Jeffersonville or some other
point in his State had been selected.
Mr. HENLEY (Mr. S. yielding,) disclaimed
being influenced in this matter by mere local ad-
vantages; and observed that sometimes gentlemen,
as the old saying was, " measure other people's
corn by their own half-bushel."
Mr. STANTON was very happy to hear that
he had labored under an erroneous impression on
this point, and he urged that the gentlemen being
governed by general considerations of the public
good, as he professed to besought to acquiesce in
the decision of Congress, thus deliberately made,
or at least if an attempt was to be made to change
the decision it should be done by a law to that ef-
fect, and not be attempted in an appropriation bill,
the object of which was to carry out laws al-
ready existing. He did not conceive that this was
the proper time to go into a discussion of the gen-
eral question whether all the naval establishments
of the country should be cut down, but he would
consider it a more proper occasion when some di-
rect proposition was made in proper form. If the
establishment at Memphis was to be continued,
and not to be cut down entirely, and if the West
was to participate at all in the expenditures of this
Government for the purpose of erecting and main-
taining a navy, this appropriation was necessary,
and must bo continued in this bill. He referred to
some indication which he had received from Mr.
McKay of his intention to move to reduce the ap-
propriation for Memphis, and said if the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means considered
such reduction necessary, in the exigency of the
country at this moment, his constituents would
bear, for tins object, the evils, the burdens, and the
deprivation of what they had a great right to ex-
pect as readily and as patriotically as any other
section of the country. When the call for volun-
teeis was made, they had stepped forward as bold-
ly and fearlessly, and when theday of battle monies,
they would fight as valiantly, and shed their blood
as freely, when necessary, as any other portion of
the country.
An idea had been industriously circulated in
some quarters that the Secretary of the Navy was
disposed to withhold the appropriations for this
yard, so as to break it down. Mr. S. had from the
Secretary himself, in writing, intended for publi-
cation, that such was not the case; that such an
idea had never entered his mind; that he had asked
from the Committee of Ways and Means the sum
inserted in this bill, and desired it to be continued.
The gentleman [Mr. McKay] said that a large
amount, of something like $200,000, of appropria-
tion for this yard remained unexpended. It was
true, this was a large sum, because considerable
delay had taken place in getting- the establishment
into operation; but the causes of this had passed
by, and the work could now be carried on to com-
pletion and perfection as speedily as the wants'of
the Government require. And the good of ths
country—(he efficiency of-'the, public servioe—he
contended, required that the full appropriation re-
ported by the committee should be continued, un-
less it was determined to let this establishment go
down entirely. Since the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had informed him that
it was not his object to break down this work by
the reducition which he proposed, Mr, S. took it
for granted that this was the case; but the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Henley] had come for-
ward avowedly with an argument which strikes at
the foundation of every naval establishment in the
country. And, under a plea for the "\¥est,Jieliad
taken the strange method of proceeding of pro-
posing to strike down the only navy-yartf we had
in the West. According to his own argument,
there was equal reason for him'to move to put
down all the navy-yards throughout the country.,
Mr. S. replied to the argument of Mr. Henley,
that the letting out this work at contract would en-
able the mechanics of the country to come in on a
fair competition to receive the contracts. He de-
nied that this would be the result, and argued that
they would be likely to fall into the hands of some
millionaire or some powerful company, who would
employ the practical mechanics at a fixed rate, and
would themselves reap all the profit of the con-
tracts. It would be no better for them then, as
far as labor was concerned; and, as to materials,
there was the same demand for them, whether built
under private contract or at the Government
yards.
Mr. S. further enforced the claims of the West
and of Memphis for a navy-yard, and urged the
advantages that would result therefrom in the en-
joyment, by the Government, of the variety, abun-
dance, and cheapness of materials which the West
can furnish, and in the increased friendship and
confidence in the navy which would be the result
of bringing it in contact ,with the western section
of the country. - - ,
In the course of his remarks he'yielded for ex-
planation, or inquiry, to Messrs. HENLEY and
ASHMUN.
Mr. McKAY, in reply to Mr. Stanton, said he
had submitted no motion in relation to the navy-
yard at Memphis, but it was true he had said to
that gentleman that he would move to reduce the
appropriation from $100,000 to $50,000, and he
gave him the reason for it that a very large balance
for this work remained unexpended in the treasury
of something like $250,000. This, together with
an appropriation of $50,000, making something
like §300,000, would certainly be sufficient to carry
this work through the next fiscal year. It was a
very large amount. Had he been aware that it
was so great, he should not have reported an ap-
propriation for this yard at all. This motion he
should make in no hostility to the yard at Mem-
phis. It was true, when the law passed autho-
rizing the commencement of the work, he thought
it was inexpedient; he thought so still.
In regard to the pending amendments for a dry-
dock at Philadelphia, at Kittery, Maine, and at
Pensacola, and the gentleman from South Caro-
lina also insisted on a dry-dock at Charleston,
South Carolina, where there was no navy-yard at
all—nothing but a naval station, and hardly that,
(a laugh)—and he was followed by the gentleman
from Georgia, who asked for an appropriation (all
very modest in their demands) of $200,000 to com ■
mence a dry-dock at Savannah, Georgia,—in re-
gard to these propositions, he doubted whether they
properly come in at all on this bill. He regretted
that they had been submitted. Of the seven navy-
yards of the United States, only two had dry-
docks—one at Gosport, Virginia, the other at
Charlestown, Massachusetts—and these, together
with that which was in progress at Brooklyn,
New York, had been authorized not in this irregu-
lar way in an appropriation bill, but by special
laws. (Mr. McKay read one of the laws.) And
there were now on the calendar two bills providing
for some of these yards—one reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and the other from the
Committee on Commerce. And the 1 gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Levin,] the mover of
this proposition for Philadelphia, himself a mem-
ber of the latter committee, had reported from that
