972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
"For fence around garden at Cleveland, Ohio,
$2,000." Lost.
Mr. SAWYER moved to strike out the item
"For fence around garden and repairs to hospital
buildings near Gosport, ^2,G67." Lost.
Mr. WINTHROP moved to strike out the fol-
lowing proviso, attached to the item fo^* the pay of
the marine corps:
" Provided, That no payment shall hereafter be
made to the colonel, or any other officer of the ma-
rine corps, by virtue of a commission of briga-
dier general by brevet."
The motion to strike out was lost: Ayes 57,
noes 84.
Mr. SAWYER moved to strike out from the
item for pay of non-commissioned otiiceis, musi-
cians, privates, and servants of the marine corps,
the word musicians. Lost.
Mr. HOLMES moved to add to the item for
pay of the marine corps the following:
"Jhul provided. That the United States marine
corps maybe increased fifty sergeants, fifty cor-
porals, thirty drummers, thirty fifurs, and live hun-
dred privates.'5
This was negatived.
Mr. McKAY moved to strike out the item
"Fuel for the marine corps, $16,274." This was
agreed to, and the item was stricken out.
Mr HOLMES moved to increase several items
of appropriation for the marine corps, as follows:
"For provisions, from §45,070 to $63,137.
"For military stores, repair of arms, pay of ar-
morers, accoutrements, ordnance stores, flags,
drums, fifes, and musical instruments, from $2,300
to $7,300.
" For transportation of officers and troops, and
for expenses uf recruiting, from $8,000 to $14,000.
"For contingencies, from $17,§80 to $23}Ud0.>'
These several amendments were rejected.
Mr. SAWYER moved to amend the item for
military stores, drums, fifes, and musical instru-
ments for the marine corps, by sinking out "mu-
sical instruments." Negatived.
Mr. HENLEY moved to strike out from the spe-
cification of contingencies for the marine corps
these words: "Per diem allowance for attending
courts-martial and courts of inquiry." Lost.
The bill having been gone through with—
Mr. THOMAS BUTLER ICING moved to add
a new section, providing for the settlement of the
accounts of Purser Garret E. Barry.
Ruled out of order as irrelevant matter.
Mr. WHITE moved to add the following sec-
tion:
"Srco. —. -Anti be it Jurtkcr alaclcrf, That all conlajjc,
sail cloth, lienip ami fl.i\, and aiinamenH and equipments
r< qmrod foi tJic navy of the Uniiod Staler, shall be ul the
production of flie United States.M
Mr. LEAKE moved to add to the section this
proviso:
"Provided, That tlicy can lie purchased as cheaply as m
other count! ios "
Negatived: Ayes 50, noes GO.
The amendment proposed by Mr. White was
then negatived: Ayes 57, noes 74.
Mr. STANTON here made another effort to
procure an appropriation for the works at the
Memphis navy-yard; of which we could not catcii
the paitjrulars.
The CHAIR ruled it out of oidcr, because the
committee had stricken the Memphis yaid from j
llu> bill altogether. j
Mr. McKAY moved to add a new section, giv- j
in£ authority to the President to make transfers of I
appropriations made in this bill from oncbianch of j
the naval service to another, the same to he report- j
ed to Congress in the first week of the next scs- j
sion. It was lost. I
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, moved the j
two following additional sections: j
" .find be it further enacted, That all the money appropiia- I
fed by this act tor ' pay ot'the navy,'and ' conlirwnt ex- [
pemps,1 an amount not exceeding twenty-eight thousand i
two hundred dollais, may be expended under the direction
of the Secieiaiv of'the Navy fin rcpair-a, rnipiovemems, and
instruction at Fott Severn, at Annapolis, in the State of
Maiyland.
i( Jl/tf! be it further enacted, That the Pt evident of the Uni-
ted Spates be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint ,-uch
assistant surgeons, and such warrant officer, of the grades
of hoat>wain, gunner, carpenter, and sailniaker, as may bo
necessary for Mich vessel*; as may be put m commission
under authority of law, any law to the contrary notwith-
standing."
These sections were voted down without a
count.
Mr. McKAY moved the following additional
section:
" Jl)id be it enacted, That it shall be the duty of the
Secietary of the Navy, on the conclusion of the existing war
with Mexico, to reduce the number of petty officers, seamen,
ordinary seamen, landsmen, and boys, herein provided for,
to seven thousand five hundred, unless in the opinion of the
President of the United States the &aid reduction would be
inexpedient."
Mr. FA RAN moved to amend by striking out
these words: " Unless in the opinion of the Presi-
dent of the United States the said reduction would
be inexpedient." This was carried.
And the amendment, as amended, was then
agreed to: Ayes 74, noes 56.
Mr. McKAY then moved the following addi-
tional section:
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of the Navy, in the expenditure of the appropria-
tions made for the navy-yaid at Memphis, to confine the
same to the eunstiuetion of a ropetvaltt."
Mr. STANTON moved to add to the amend-
ment the following:
And for continuing the necessary improvements at the
navy-yard<it Memphis, mnety-six thousand dollars."
The CHAIR ruled it out of order, as the House
had stricken from the bill all the appropriations
for the Memphis yard.
Mr. STANTO.fr appealed from this decision.
But the decision of the Chair was sustained by
by a vote of the committee.
Mr. STANTON then moved to add to Mr. Mc-
Kay's section these words: "And for preparing
for building a steamship." This was rejected.
And Mr. McKay's ropewalk amendment was
agreed to: Ayes 74, noes 41.
Mr. STANTON then moved the following:
44 For the continuaneo of the necessary improve-
ments at the Memphis navy-yard, §95,000." It
was rejected.
Mr. WHITE moved that the committcc rise.
Lost.
Mr. GILES moved to add to the bill the follow-
ing additional section:
"*d)id beit fmtker enacted, That there shall he, and is here-
by, appiopuatrd, towaids providing additional accommoda-
tions for the midshipmen at the naval school at Annapolis,
§15,000."
It was rejected.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, moved the
following section:
"Jltvl he it further martcd, That tile fourth section o( the
aet entitled 'An del, ni.ilMim appropriations lol 11n; naval ser-
vice foi the J oat omimg .'II,t June, )0l6,> l>c and tile eJiueia
lieieb} repealed."
It was rejected.
Mr. HOLM ICS, of South Carolina, moved a
section directing the accounting officers of the treas-
ury to open the accounts of Lieutenant Samuel E.
Munn, of the navy, for the purpose of allowing
him whatever may appear due 011 account of re-
cruiting men for the navy.
It was ruled out as irrelevant matter.
And the committee rose and reported the bill,
with the amendments agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, demanded
the previous question; which was seconded.
And the main question, 011 concurring in the
amendments, and ordering the bill to be engtossed
for it third reading, was ordered to be now token.
Whereupon, at u late hour, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 15, 184G.
As soon as the Journal had been read,
Mr. ALLEN rose and said:
Mr. President: At the commencement of the
session, the vote of the Senate placed triy name first
upon the Committee on Foreign Relations. Upon
a very serious question arising out of those rela-
tions, and deeply involving the nation's rights and
interests, I have been unable to conform my opin-
ion to that which recent events, of which I am not
now at liberty to speak, show to be the opinion of
the Senate. 1 deem it proper, therefore, to afford
the Senate an opportunity to reconstruct the com-
mittee, with a view to that coincidence of opinion
between the Senate and its committee in matters
especially assigned by the former to the latter,
which is essential to the unembarrassed action of
the body.
I ask to.be excused from further service upon
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The question being put upon the motion to dis-
charge, it was agreed to
Mr. WEBSTER moved,that the Senate should,
at one o'clock to-morrow, proceed to the ejection
, of a chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASS said: Mr. President: Having served
upon the Committee oh Foreign Relations with the
honorable chairman, I beg-leave, before his con-
nexion with it is dissolved, to bear my testimony
to the zeal and ability with which he* has dis-
charged bis duties. He has rendered important
services to the Senate, the Administration, and the
country; and while I appreciate the honorable mo-
tives which have induced him to relinquish the dis-
tinguished station he is so well qualified to fill, I
cannot but express my regret that we shall be de-
prived of his services hereafter.
But, sir, I owe it to myself to declare that, in
relation to the great measure to which the honor-
able Senator has alluded, my sentiments have ac-
corded with his, and my course with his. We
have sought the same end by the same means.
There has been no difference of opinion between
lis. While, therefore, I shall continue to retain
the subordinate station I hold upon the committee,
I cannot, under any circumstances, accept the po-
sition he has filled so ably, and resigned so honor-
ably, even should the Senate think proper to be-
stow it upon me. I have thought it not improper,
considering my relation to the committee, to make
this declaration, as the reasons the honorable Sen-
ator has given for his course, would apply, in a
great measure, to myself were I the chairman and
organ of the committee.
THE WAR WITH MEXICO.
Mr. WEBSTER said he had been requested to
present to the Senate certain resolutions passed at
a very large meeting of the citizens of Lowell, in
the State of Massachusetts, pledging their services
to the support of the Government in the prosecu-
tion of the war with Mexico, so long as the Gov-
ernment deemed it proper to prosecute that war.
The resolutions were spirited, and, in behalf of the
meeting, he presented them to the Senate, moving
that they be laid upon the table; which motion
was agreed to. ' . -
Mr. W. also presented and -called the attention
of the Senate to a resolution passed by the Legis-
lature of Massachusetts at a late session, in rela-
tion to some provision, by law, by which attach-
ments of property on processes issuing from the
courts of the United States in the several States
shall be discharged by the subsequent proceedings,
on insolvency of the defendants in such suits, in
like manner as if the same were made under and
by virtue of process issuing from the courts of the
United States.
PETITIONS.
Mr. JARNAGIN presented the petition of the
heirs of Sous-johu, an Indian, asking that an
award made in his favor, after his death, may be
paid to them; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. D1X presented the petition of John P.
Adams, assignee of Taylor, Little, & Co., praying
that certain duties illegally exacted by the collector
for the port of New York may be refunded; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of Chas.
W. Churchman, of Philadelphia, asking that cer-
tain duties illegally exacted of him may be refunded;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. HOUSTON presented the following resolu-
tion; which lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the practicability,
propriety, and expense of opening an inland navi-
gation from the Sabine to Galveston, and thence to
the mouth of the Rio Grande, as connected with
the defence of the coast of Texas.
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the nccessity'and
propucty of making early and adequate provision
for the survey, improvement, and permanent fortifi-
cationof the principal harbors on thecoastofTaxas.
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate copies
of the reports of the board of engineers heretofore
employed in an examination of the coast of Texas
with a view to its defence and improvement. _ _
Mr. H. also submitted the following resolution,
which lies over:
