978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
Representatives in that Hall. I*Ie pronounced
what the gentleman asserted to be a slander, and
he raised it as a point of order that the gentleman
ought not to be permitted to proceed.
The CHAIR, after a brief explanation, ^ rilled
Mr, Culver to be in order, and gave him liberty
to proceed
Mr. CULVER said it was something entirely
new to insist ''upon it as a point of order that a
member had no right to censure a State for nol
paying her bonds. Among the many new things
which took place, he hoped no such rule as this
would be established. He had no ill will to Illi-
nois, but hoped she would call in her bonds and
honoiably discharge them.
As he had been saying, the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Douglass] came here, and with a long
face told the nation, and so in substance did the
President, that Mexico had done enough to war-
rant us 111 making war upon her. Mr. C. denied
it. The war had been planned and declared with
a view to gratify that itching to fight her which had
long prevailed 111 certain quarters, and which had
long been eager to get a part of her territory.
Hence a false excuse was got up for going to war
against her. The right of the case formed no part
of it. ■ We wanted to get her territory, and we
itched to fight her that we might get it. Did gen-
tlemen suppose that this corn-so could not be seen
through ? Did they imagine that the world could
not see and appreciate the motives which led to
such a proceeding ? It reminded Mr. C. of a story
he had heard about a tall green Yankee, who had
contracted a certain disease that was once very
prevalent at our school houses. He was invited
to a large party, and the rooms being warm and
much ciowded, the youth began to feel himself in
a very uncomfortable situation, particularly as he
had his winter clothes on. He longed to relieve
himself, but felt that scratching would be against
all rules of etiquette, so, approaching a group of
gentlemen who were engaged in conversation, he
asked one of them, Did you know my father >
Surprised at this intrusion, the person replied. No,
I never saw him nor had any acquaintance with
him. Well, said the young Yankee, he was so
strong that he would come up to a young sapling
the thickness of my arm, and he would wring it'
he would wring it. Well, said the man, your
father may have been very strong, but I suspect he
was not so strong as your itching seems to be.
Just so would the world judge of our pretexts for
going to war with Mexico.
But, again. The gentleman had founded an ar-
gument on the diplomatic correspondence of our
Secretary of State with the Minister of Spain in
1819. Mr. C. had scarcely expected so profound
an argument from a learned lawyer, and. above
all, from a judge. It was very true that in that cor-
respondence the American Secretary had claimed
the country quite up to the Rio del Norte; but the
learned judge, before he assumed this as ground of
war against Mexico, had better find out whether
Spain ever assented 10 the justice of the claim.
Certainly it was a new way of establishing a na-
tional right. If in our trealy'm 1803 wo had asserted
the right to this country, had wc not, m the sub-
sequent treaty of 1819, expressly parted with it all >
Did we not then recognise the Sabine as our boun-
dary? Now, if a farmer who had a title to his
farm agreed by deed to remove his boundary line
with his neighbor, could he afterwards come and,
on the ground of his former title, claim all that por-
tion of the fajim that lay between ? Had he not
deeded it away ? And if, by his own deed, he had
relinquished all right to it, how could he go to law
with his neighbor on the ground of Ins old title?
It was true we had claimed all the country up to
the Rio Grande after we had relinquished it hv
solemn treaty. If that was good ground of claim,
might not Spain in the same way claim all Florida
from us ? Might not Prance on the same ground
still claim Louisiana? Nay, might not Great
Britain herself, notwithstanding the treaty of ] 783,
still claim as her own the whole of the Old Thir-
teen ?
but the gentleman had found a conclusive argu-
™ont m defence of the Administration in the fact
that we had recognised the independence of Texas.
So we did. On the first of March, 1838, we had
solemnly recognised her independence, but we took
good care m that act not to say one word about
boundary. And while on this part of the subject,
ne might remind gentlemen that their own favorite
Secretary, Buchanan, and his colleague's own great
political friend, Governor Wright, stood recorded
among; the nineteen who voted against that recog-
nition. Mr. Clay, in his letter of April, 1844, Mr.
Van Buren, in his published letter, and President
Monroe, in his instructions to Mr. Adams, all took
the ground that the recognition of the independence
of a Government de facto settled none of the rights
in dispute between the parties, and adjudicated no
claim of boundary; and he believed that this was
the first time when any man claiming the charac-
ter of a jurist and a statesman had advanced the
doctrine that the recognition of a nation's indepen-
dence involved a decision on questions of boundary
and the extent of her territory. The gentleman,
instead of making war upon the fourteen, ought to
turn his redoubtable lance against Mr. Van Buren
and James Monroe.
Then the gentleman had gone on to give the
House another link in the chain of our title to the
country on the Rio Grande. He insisted on the
treaty mode by Santa Ana when in captivity.
This was a little remarkable. It was certainly
rather singular that a gentleman of so much legal
learning should insist on an engagement made un-
der duress, by a man who was a prisoner,and who
was every moment in danger of his life. Under
these circumstances, Santa Ana had been called
on by President Houston to make a treaty recog-
nising tbe Rio del Nolle as the southern boundary
of Texas; but, even prisoner as he was, Santa
Ana would not do this. lie made a provisional
agreement, stipulating for a right to go home to
Mexico and to procure the affirmation of the Mex-
ican Government to the bargain. Without that
affirmation, was it a treaty? Certainly not. One
of the reasons why he was set at liberty was de-
clared to be that fie might use his personal influ-
ence to get it ratified. Would gentlemen, in the
open light of day, with the sun of common sense
shining upon their heads, maintain that an instru-
ment so proem cd was a treaty, and was binding
on the Mexican Government? The moment that
Government heard of the agreement, that moment
they protested against it. And, besides, what did
President Burnet, the President of Texas, himself
say? He acknowledged that Texas herself could
not, and did not, comply with her side of the
treaty. He expressed deep regret that her Gov-
ernment had not been able to control its soldiers
and prevent them from breaking the treaty. Could
an agreement like this, protested against on one
side, and confessedly broken on the other, give us
a title to n disputed territory? Mr. C. could not
tell what might be the practice of Illinois: possibly
a lawyer there makingan argumenthke this wotdd
be listened to in their eourts;but most assuredly in
any court of the State of New York, and he be-
lieved of most other States of the Union, he could
not be heard for a moment.
But the gentleman had made an argument still
more triumphant. He had stated as.a fact that
some of the soldiers who were engaged in the bat-
tle of San Jaeinio came from that territory. Sup-
pose they did; did that give us a right to the terri-
tory? Tfso, the States of Kentucky and Tennes-
see mi"ht claim a respectable share in it, for many
of the soldiers in that battle belong to those States;
and so might New York, for some of the volun-
teers had gone from Mr. C.'s own State. Could
the very learned gentleman from Illinois be serious
in urging arguments like these? The very fact
thai they were gravely brought forward here pre-
sented an instructive lesson, going to show to what
straits men would he drhen who undertook to ad-
vocate a bad cause. His argument was a mere
rope of sand, without connexion or cogency.
Again: she gentleman had said that the State of
Texas had resohed that she owned this country
up to the Rio Grande. Yes, hut when? It was
one thing to pass a resolution that a large extent
of territory belonged to ns, and it was another to
get it. The Baltimore Convention, in the fury of
its political zeal, had passed a resolution that we
were entitled to all of Oregon. Did that give us
the teiritory up to 54° 40'? Tf all was true that
was reported, the result would not confirm the
idea. Texas had resolved that all the territoiy
was hers up to the Rio Grande; yes, but did Mex-
ico assent?
Suppose the State of New York should pass a
resolution that all Canada belonged to her, would
that make it hers without the assent of Great Brit-
ain? Texas said that this country was hers, but
did she send any military force thereto take pos-
session of it? Yes, she did. She sent twice, and
what became of her military force? They were
all killed off or taken prisoners. What sort of a
title did that give? The gentleman certainly had
very singular views of law. Such doctrines as
these might perhaps be good law in Illinois, but
Mr. C. greatly doubted it. He had always had
the idea that it required the assent of two parties
to make a bargain. Could a farmer claim a right
to his neighbor's farm because he had inserted it
in a deed to his son? Yet these were the grounds
which had been taken by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, appearing in that House as attorney for the
United States.
All history was in favor of another boundary.
Every work extant gave another line, except one
lately published in Texas. Mr. C. had before
him a map published in 1837, by a man by the
name of Austin, the son, as he believed, Of old
Moses Austin, in which he laid down the south-
west boundary of Texas, and it did not approach
within one hundred miles of the Rio del Norte.
According to this authority, (and it seemed to him
a very honest map,) the boundary of Texas did
not extend beyond the Nueces.
The gentleman had alluded to the attempts
made by Texas to conquer this country, and hold
it. But, Mr. C. asked, had Texas ever had pos-
session of it? She had made two attempts to take
it, but both expeditions had had a most disastrous
conclusion. In that sent against Santa Fe, every
man had been token; and in the Mier expedition,
in 1842, they had met with no better success.
What title did Texas get from results like these?
Was the gentleman prepared to place our title to
the country on that ground ?
In the history published by General Green, that
gentleman had charged President Houston with
being the real cause of the cruel treatment of the
Mier prisoners, and President Burnet made the
same charge against him. But what was the rea-
son assigned by Houston why he would take no
step to rescue these prisoners? The reason given
by him to the British Minister was, that they had
gone into an enemy's country. [Here Mr. C.
quoted from Green's book.] Mr. C. would not
undertake to say whether the charge against Presi-
dent Houston was or was not well-founded. He
was only speaking about the proof of the Texas
boundary. The affirmative adduced by Mexico
to show that the country was hers was perfectly
overwhelming: she always bad possessed it. Our
own joint resolutions of annexation contained in
themselves internal evidence that the Rio del Norte
was not settled to be tho Texan boundary. The
resolution proposed by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. M. Brown] had been selected by the
House out of all other propositions, because it
contained a provision that the disputed question of
boundary should be reserved. Those resolutions
spoke of disputed boundary and disputed territory,
but what sheer nonsense was it to talk about either
if Mr. Polk was right. The language of those
resolutions must mean something. Where was
this disputed boundary? Where was this disputed
territory, if not between the Nueces and the Rio
Grande? The magnanimous Colonel Benton had
put this matter right. [Here Mr. C. quoted Mr.
Benton's speech.]
This strip of land, two thousand miles long and
one hundred broad, had been inserted m Mr. Ty-
ler's treaty, but the Senate had rejected it. Mr.
Polk made no treaty about it, but took it at once
by the sword. Colonel Benton had said that, in
attempting to sci?e upon this portion of territory,
j we were spoiling four Mexican States, and com-
| mittmg a gross outrage on the rights of a neigh-
" boring country. Now, the redoubtable Colonel
■ was a great authority on questions of boundary.
! He knew where the parallel of 49° ran. [A laugh.]
lie had laid down the true line at the north; and
now that the storm was over in that quarter, the
country had a right to look to him to point out the
other line at the south; but Mr. C. was much
afraid he would not do it.
Now, if the affirmative proof adduced by Mexi-
co, and virtually admitted by ourselves, is true,
where would gentlemen find a warrant for the re-
cent acts of their mushroom President, a~ President
who had sprung up in a night, to the amazement
j of all the old candidates ? Where was his right to
1 enter into a country which did not belong 'to us,
and point his cannon at a Mexican town to which
