980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
vrhiit flic insists to be the difficulty that exists between her-
self and this Government, In which -he proposes to accept
nearly ono-Ualf of sr.id terntorv- to pi eserve the peaee 01 the
two Government*, and compensate tier tor claim.- that hai
no foundation in fact: and u liereas it i* behev-ed tic - tn|ite
Iras been in seciet session upon the -amc, anil rccommi l.de(f
flirt advKed the Piesidi'iit to occ -\>t the same, „nd embody
it 111 the form of a tieatv, to be liy til ^ 5ii opes r.flu era
of tile two Government-, and transmits d to tin in fo, r.ltitl-
cat on and whereas u ii believed tint it is one of the ques-
tions that reqmic the sanction of the people, and the action
of tile whole lesislafive power of the Govei nment,and can-
not be constitutiotui'ly adjusted and settled by the treaty-
makui" nowei: and whereas an attempt thus spcict'y to
ttdinst'thc matter, when the pe.iple and their immediate
rCDre^'maUvc;-; are isnoiant of said proposition, v\oufu be
doW"violence to the Constitution and the n«rhts of tlu peo-
ple, and, if consummated,of no obligatory force upon them:
Be it theietore . Tr
Resohc'l, That in the opinion of this House u u 1(><1 (<n?>
of the Purulent ant? Senate to po-tpone further con&uleia- ,
tion and action upon the *anic, and submit it to the people
for their decision and instruction.
Resolved fui iher, That if the treafy-inakins power, in pe-
ciet conclave, attempt to settle a question of the magnitude
and importance of the Oregon question, it will tuim-h ■
anothei example of Senatorial and Executive cupu-maey
that is- incompatible with the Constitution and the unlit* of
the people, and will call for a prompt corrective, to place the
n?lit?j honoi, <i:'d welfare of the couutn m the keeping of
tho^e'who will bestpreseive and npn;e< infc them. ;
Resolved, That tlv object ami purpo-eoi tho^e who dps-iie
the preservation of the libeit\, honor, and tnte interests of
this lepubhc are ben alt ->ted by open, manly notion upon
them, that needs no midmyht veil to hide them fiom the pub- ,
lie view and scmtiny, and that pa-t experience aU0<-ts that
any other course but >crves to steal the powei ot the many
to that of the few, and thin enable* one depa<tinent of this
Governments enlarge its circle of action, and (haw within
its sphere from the other aU tiiat is neees-aiy to make it su-
preme.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of tho Union.
The SPEAKER said that a motion to suspend
the rules had nlrendy been made by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. McDowell,] and that motion was
first in order.
Mr. GORDON called for the consideration of
the report of the select committee on the subject of
the distribution of the tenth volume of the laws.
Mr. McDOWELL suggested that his motion to
suspend the rules had precedence.
The SPEAKER so deeided.
Mr. G. W. JONES thought that the Speaker
had again and again decided that a motion to sus-
pend the rules to go into committee was at all times
m order.
The SPEAKER. The rootion of the gentleman
to suspend the rules would be m order if the very
same motion had not previously been made.
Mr. JONES. But for a different object.
The SPEAKER. As a matter of cour.se, for a
different object.
Mr. DROMGOOLE desired to be informed
whether a motion to lay on the table the motion to
suspend the rules would now be in order?
The SPEAKER said it would; but nothing
would be gained by it, becausc any other gentle-
man might immediately make a motion to suspend
the rules for a similar purpose.
Mr. McDOWELL asked the yeas and nays on
his motion; which were ordeied, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton. Bimkorhoft*, BuffirtL'ton, Culver,
Cunninjiham, Dana^h, Edwin FI Kmua.Fai.in, Foster. Gai-
vm, Gulihnjjs, Harper, Hoge,r,. B. Holme--. John W. Hous-
ton, MeClean, McClelland, M^Clernand, Jo-eph J. McDow-
ell, Mi Gauj-hc), MelJvamc, Pern!!. Pollock. It misey. [hd'e,
Root, Sawver, Thoma* Itobeit Hnntlu Htai kweather,
St. John, Tibbatts, Tilden, Trmnbo, and White—X>.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashman, Barrmser, Bayly, Bell,
Jame.-s A. Black, Boyd, Brockenbrou<*'i, Brodhead, Mdlo-i
Biown, William G. Brown, Burt, William W. Campbell,
John H. Campbell, Carroll, John G. Chapman. Augustus A.
Chapmiuij Cbipman, Glaike, Cobb. Cooke, Collin, Cranston,
Crozier. CtiHoni, Daniel, Dau'an, Jetii'r«-mi l)avi . I).' Af-ijt,
Dixon, Dobbin, Ooe.kery. Dtonigoole. D.mlnp. ICtNall. I'll—
worth, Eidman, John II. Ewms;, Fieklm, Foot. GVntiy. Gile«,
Goodyeai, Gouion, Graham, Grider. Hamlin, Hatnl^on, Hei
rick, Hdliaid, Hopkins, Geor/e S. Houston. E. W. Hnbaul,
$. D. Hubbard, Hudson, Hunsciford, Washington Hunt,
Huntci, James H. Johnson, Jo?t ph Johnson, Geoiae W.
Jone^, Seaborn Jones, Daniel P. Kmg, Tjnwienee. l.enke,
Lewis, Lisron. Long, Lumpkin, Maelay, MeConriejl, Me-
Crate, Jatne^ McDowell, MeHeniy, Marsh, Barkley Martin,
Morfe, Moulton, Norri-^, Parnsb, Payne, Pendleton, Pejty,
Piilsbury, Reid, Rhett, Bitter. Julius Rockwell, J. A. Rock-
well, Runk, Russell, Savvtelle, Scammon, Seaman, Sever-
ance, Alexander D. Sims, Simpson, Truman Smith, Albert
Smith, C. B. Smith, Stanton, Stephens-, Stewait, Stiohm,
Stiong, Thibodeaux, Thoinasson, Benjamin Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, Tredway, Vinton, Wheaton, WniUirop3
Woodward, Yancey, and Young—118.
So the rules were not suspended, and the joint
resolution was not introduced.
The question now recurred on the motion of Mr.
•;*• W*. JONES, that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF asked that ihe motion
be waived for a moment, to enable him to
withdraw certain papers from the files of the
House.
Objected to.
Mr. HOPKINS asked leave to give notice of a
motion to amend the rules, so as to provide that no
I motion to suspend the rules during the present ses-
' sion should be entertained unless seconded by a ma-
i! jority of the members present.
Objection was made.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Tho question having been then taken on the mo-
tion of Mr. JOXES, and decided in the affirmative,
the House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cobb, of
; Georgia, in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
. tion of the amendments of the Senate to the bill
1 making appropriations for the current and contm-
I gent expenses of the Indian department, t&c.
| Mr. PILLSBURY was entitled to the floor. He
! said he rose under an embarrassment which could
bo ill conceived. Representing as he did Western
! Texas, the theatre of the present war, he felt una-
j 1 lie to do justice to the cause in which the soldiers
' of the United States were engaged. He felt the tm-
; possibility of doing justice to the position he held
j on this floor.
Mr. P. remarked that he had known that the
j subject of Texas had long been the theme of dis-
cussion and gra\e consideration in the councils of
' the nation: he thought that all these matters of nice
i calculation upon tieatiesand upon rights had been
| settled with the. settlement of the question of an-
! tiexation; that the, loidly intellects of the nation had
I exercised their mighty powers upon it; and he had
j never anticipated that at this stage of the question
| he should be called upon to exercise his humble
I powers tttion it before the Congress of the United
I States. There is a time and a place for all things,
[ and I think the honorable gentleman from New
' York [Mr. Culver] should have taken a more be-
fitting occasion to discuss this question.^ Every
circumstance—every particular of the history of
this subject—lias been traced out, the bearing of
every fact presented, and every'argument which
tended to illustrate the truth of the subject, has
been enforced by intellects far superior to mine. I
submit, to the decision which has been the result of
j this elaborate investigation; and even had it been
; counter to my inclinations, I should have felt it my
i duty to submit to what the constituted authorities
I of the conntiy have done. And I ask if this is not
| the course which is enforced upon other gentlemen
I by patriotism tmd by propriety? All the arguments
I adduced yesterday,'feeble as they may have been,
| would have been in place before the question was
' settled. Every gentleman has a right to discuss
every subject; but when the. time for discussion
lias passed, when final, definitive action has been
taken, when the question belongs to the past, when
new relations have taken place between this G-ov-
i ernmenl and Texas, however he might have dis-
sented from the propriety of the action which had
! been taken, after war has been declared, and the
country become involved in it, (even had lie been
on tho other side of the House originally,) he
j would have supported that war, and defended the
! interests and the honor of the country.
[ I was surprised, also, to think that the bleeding
! wounds of Texas should have again been opened
I at such a time. I cmne here ignorant of the rules
' of order in this House; distrustful of my own
| powers, I had no idea of speaking before the as-
! semblnd wisdom of tho nation. I came with two
■ ears and with one tongue, which admonished me
! to be rather a listener than a speaker. But called
! upon at this time, and conscious that I am con-
suming the precious time of the House when ques-
I tions of momentous import are awaiting their de-
' liberation and their action, I will endeavor briefly
i to present the relations in which I stand.—in which
j my constituents and the whole people of Texas
i stand—to this government, regarding as lightly as
| possible the remarks of the gentleman from New
j York; for I hardly know the object of them. Did
' the gentleman mean to attack Texas, or her bound-
| ary? Or was it his object by the Texas question
| to "reach the President? Did he mean to assail the
President on the question of Texas as being a weak
point? I feel, sir, that it is a strong point—that
one of the brightest pages of his history, and one
that will go far to enrol his name high on the scroll
of fame, is the course which the President of the
United States has taken on this question. This,
sir, would be my sentiment were I a citizen of the
older part of the United States; for I look at the
annexation of Texas more in regard to the land of
my fathers—lo the land where my children reside,
than with reference to Texas only. I consider ii
rather on account- of its bearing upon the great
principles of liberty to the advancement of which
Texas, through the long years of her bloody strug-
gles and her successful resistance of Mexican ty-
ranny, has contributed, and now, in connexion
with this boasted republic of freedom, will con-
tinue with increased effieicnc.y to contribute all the
nid of which she is capablc. The chivalry of
Texas have plucked the lone star " from the sur-
rounding night of darkness and tyranny amid the
thunders of\Tove, and they have now, in peaceful
coalition with the United States, emblazoned it on
the glorious flag of the Union, and it has taken its
place in the constellation of freedom. She counted
not her money; she was actuated by no ignoble
cousiderations in the course she has taken; she has
but evidenced the spirit of the Anglo-Saxon which
animates her. She had achieved her independence
by her own valor; she had conquered a territory
capable of sustaining ten millions of population; she
was courted by Europe; she could nave been takers
by the hand by that, nation which is allowed to be
the " bulwark' of our religion;" she could have
joined hand in hand with France; she had friends
in all quarters, because she required nothing, and
was able to yield something to others; she was re-
fused annexation when feeble—she accepted it
generously when she was able to contend with all
her foes. _ ,
The circumstances under which annexation took
place, should seal every mouth in this hall in re-
gard to the honor of Texas and all her negotia-
tions. Her boundary was achieved by her own
prowess; whatever black letters or titles had ex-
isted were washed out in the most precious blood
of Texans—your friends and your countrymen—
those whom the links which bind human society
together unite by the tenderest ties to your citizens,
from Maine to the Sabine. Her title originated in
the events in which that nation took its rise.
Thrown out by geographical location, on the bor-
ders of the ancient Republic of Mexico, she became
a barrier to protect that nation from the Indians,
who are more than equal to the Mexicans in-war.
To this territory, without value to the Mexicans,
immigration was invited. It rec[niretl the genius
of the Anglo-Saxon race, to cultivate such a soil,
and reclaim it from its native, wildness, and trans-
form it into what it now is. And when the Re-
public of Mexico changed its character, and was
converted into a military despotism, true to the
1 instincts of liberty which had always animated
her, she refused to yield to the tyranny of military
sway, and they declared, and have for ten years
of war and bloodshed maintained, her indepen-
dence. Any set of men, as has been justly assert-
! ed on this floor, have a natural right to take a ter-
t ritory, the occupation and cultivation of which
I others have kept in abeyance, and in a state in
| which it is of no use to any human being. The
| citizens of the United States would have had the
right to have occupied that soil on the ground of
contiguity. I assert the broad principle that a
country kept vacant by the policy of a nation
which claims the right of ownership over it, is
common property, and reverts to the situation in
which all land was before it became property, and
is open to be. occupied, subdued, and cultivated by
man—by those who will do so—as the Creator de-
signed it should be. But, thank God, the Texans
have a bettor title than that of mere quiet occu-
pancy. They have settled that country; they have
fought back the Indians; they have become a bul-
wark to aggression; they fulfilled all the duties of
their relation to Mexico, until the Federal Govern-
ment—the Government of liberty—was changed
into a military despotism. Texas was driven to the
alternative of being shackled, deprived of her arms,
forced to a base submission, or to rise and defend
herself; and although feeble, she took the alterna-
tive of war and defiance. She fought the armies
of 8,000,000 of people; she conquered them, and
drove them westward of the Rio Grande. She
took every fortified town—she left no single defence
of the Mexican usurpers on the eastern bank of
the Rio Grande. She established fortifications
and defences from the western hank of the Nueces
