984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 16,
probably spread 4 the flame ail ovfir Europe. It
would be a war not of force only, but also of sys-
tems—social, civil, moral, and religious. It would
be a war calling into action the impulse of civil
and religious liberty, the triumph ot which would
only be the more certainly secured by resistance.
To-day (said Mr. McC.) W.n exhibited a grand
and sublime specuicle in the history ot the world.
We have witnessed the representatives from re-
mote Texas—the far We&t—the St. John and the
Atlantic seabord, all mingled in council. It is a
spectacle exhibiting the moral of civil and religious
liberty. In the first one hundred and fifty years,
our settlements advanced five hundred miles from
the eastern seaboard; in the next seventy-five
years one thousand miles; and, more recently, the
lide of emigration has mingled with the placid
waters of the Pacific and has beat against the
mountain range which skirts the Rio Grande; it
is destined to overflow the continent, irrigating it
for the growth and predominance of liberty,
Mr. McC. thought the present war againstMex-
ico should be prosecuted vigorously and effectually.
Our invading columns should advance upon Santa
Fe, Upper California, and the bay of  San Fran-
cisco; against Chihuahua, Duran^o, Sm&loa, and
Mazatlan, near the entrance of California tiulf;
and against Monterey, Zacatecas, and upon the
city of Mexico itself. Thus we would encompass
the enemy, cut off his comnnutication, and biing
him to such terms as would afford indemnity for
the past, including the cost of the war, and .secu-
rity for the future.
The gentleman from Xew York, [Mr. Culier,]
in the course of his reply to my colleague, [Mr.
Douglass,] took occasion to impute to the State
of Illinois a disposition to repudiate her public
debt. Now, this imputation either proceeds from
ignorance or a misrepresentation of facts—perhaps
unintentional.
Illinois has not paid off the debt she contracted
for the purposes of internal improvement in an un-
lucky moment. But why has she not ? Because
she has been unable, fhit she has uniformly de-
clared her willingness and obligation to do so. In
1842-'43, she compassed every means in her power
to do so. She cancelled the charter of her banks,
and appropriated the stock she owned in them, to
the amount of more than $3,000,000, to take up her
bonds to the satne amount; and thus by this act
accomplished the doable purpose of freeing herself
from the evils of the banking system and of re-
ducing her public debt. She was the first Slate of «
the Union to set the example of the extinction of J
all banks—of discontinuing the receipt of all bank j
paper in the collection and disbursement of the pub- i
tic revenues, and among the very first to resort to •
taxation to presen e her public faith inviolate. j
As an humble member of the councils of my \
State, I on that occasion used this language in sup- j
poit of this system of policy, which was responded j
to then and is now: J
"Jtis identified with t!io mean- of iHh'f to n Mifieruig i
and desponding if is ul-ntifn d \\ itn the Iioroi and i
future destiny of {he Htal^ ; it h what the world expert of '
us, and what we mu-t peifeveic in, if we nould de&crve the !
appiobatum of good men all oypi tii'' world." j
At the same time ail of the disposable means of!
the State were put into requisition to reduce the j
debt—unfinished, and the only finished road we !
had—all of the lands bought by the State in con- '
nexion with her system of improvements—all of!
the buildings, depots, and town property held by :
the State in connexion with the system—the lands '
reded to the State under the distribution act of'
1841—the Illinios and Michigan canal, and the
lands and other property connected with it: nil—I
say all these—everything that the State could com- j
mand, were offered to our creditors. 1
This was the demonstration made in 184:2 and
1843. In 1844 and 1845, the canal and the append-
"lit lands, lots, and buildings, were again offered, !
and the offer is now accepted. The canal, winch
has cost some $5,000,000, together with its lands
and tolls, are pledged for the payment of interest
and the reimbursement of her public debt, and it.
now supposed to he hastening towards successful
completion,
But this is not all; we have not only offered !
everything to our creditors, but at the last session j
ot the legislature we retrenched the public expend- !
itures and imposed an additional tax to meet ac-
cruing intei est. ,
Mr. GRAHAM said, that but a short time now !
remained for the consideration of the Indian bill,
and he trusted that it would not be considered as
out of order to allude to the subject of the bill.
The Senate had proposed an amendment for the ap-
pointment of a commissioner to examine and adjust
the claims of the Cherokees. A treaty was made
with that tribe in the year 1835 for their removal
west of the Mississippi. Under the 17th article of
this treaty, it was provided that a commission
should be instituted for the examination and ad-
justment of claims for remuneration for property
lost oi abandoned by the Cherokees. The Gov-
| ernment of the United States gave a high price for
the territory, nearly seven millions of dollars. He
held m his hand the report of the commissioners—
Messrs. "Washington and Mason—of the claims
unpaid when the commission was closed. The ob-
ject of the amendment was to reverse the com-
mission. The committee of the House had de-
parted from the proposition, lie Sent to the chair
to be read a portion of the report of the commission,
inch showed that there were yet outstanding a
large number of claims. These claims ought to
be paid out of the Indian fund. Mr. G. went into
some deiails and arguments to show that the com-
mission ought to be established. There was no
other way in which the object could be reached.
Mr. "iANCEY next took the floor.
Mr. TlBBATTiS asked the gentleman to give
way, to enable him to move that the committee
me, for the purpose of allowing more time for the
discussion.
Mr. YANCEY would, he said, make that mo-
tion when he got through, if it was desired.
Mr. Y. proceeded to make some remarks on
this subject, a report of which we shall be able to
give hereafter. He should not, he said, have
troubled the committee at all, but for sonie remarks
which fell from the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens.] He agreed with that gentleman that
we ought not to extend our territory by conquest.
He desired that it should be done justly, and with
a regard to the rights and interests and the integ-
rity of Mexico. In case they could not pay us
the debt due to us, then a portion of their territory
should be taken m compensation for our claims.
He 'agreed with the gentleman from Georgia that
the Rio Grande ought to be our boundary, and he
thought that the President of the United States had
the right to defend it. But the gentleman had
said that we could have obtained the country by
peaceful measures. But all the accounts from
Mexico showed that we could not.
Upon the annexation of Texas, their Minister
was withdrawn, which was a hostile act. Our
Minister m Mexico was furnished with his pass-
ports. The ruling government was overthrown,
because it did not prosecute the war with activity.
An army was raised to be sent to Texas, and' it
had long been accumulating before General Taylor
took post on the Rio Grande, and was intended to
operate against Texas. The Government had
sent to Mexico a Minister to settle all our difficul-
ties: and it had done this ina spirit of peace. The
new Government of Mexico refused to receive
him; and this refusal was, under the circum-
stances, a direct act of hostility. The Executive
was under obligations to carry out the laws of the
country. He had proposed negotiation, but the
oilier party had refused to treat. What was the
Executive to dor Was it not his duty to extend
our laws over our citizens in that territory ?
Mi'- STEPHENS here remarked that the Gov-
ernment of Mexico had not refused to negotiate
upon the subject of the boundary.
Mr. \ANCEY said the Mexican Government
refused to receive our Minister in any capacity.
Our claim to the territory ought to ~"be ret-pected
and maintained until it was curtailed by the trea-
ty-ma3:ing power. We had, by law, established
a custom-house heyond the Nueces. The Presi-
dent knew no other than the boundary of the Rio
Grande. The Mexican army had crossed the
river and murdered our men, and had placed them-
selves between the camp and the depot, to cut oif
the American troops. Now, he would ask, wheth-
er, while we were at war, while the jealousy of
Great Britain and France was excitcd by that war,
while it was rumored that one of these Powers
would interfere with our movements on the Pacific,
this was the time to declare that the war was un-
just? He was sorry that the gentleman from
Georgia, for whom he had a high respect, had lent
his countenance to the opposition to this war—an
! opposition which ought to have been left to the
abolitionists.
Mr. Y. here made some remarks in reply to the
eulogiura which the gentleman from Georgia had
pronounced on the eonduct of Mr.'Webster aS
Secretary of State. He (Mr. Y.) had spoken
freely, in a former debate, as to that gentleman'^
political history; and if he was one who was to be
drawn up, as morning raist, by this noonday sun,
to be dispersed into clouds, that would increase by
reflection the glory and beauty of the day, he
hoped he yrould fall again in refreshing showers
upon those regions rendered arid by the political
doctrines of that gentleman. He hacT (he said)
been misunderstood by the public, and in this
House, as to the fact that he had' made charges
against Mr. Webster. He had expressly stated
that he did not intend to discuss those charges at
that time. In relation to the reports of the com-
mittees, he was free to say that the chaiges against
Mr. Webster had been, in a moral sense, dis-
proved. But if money was drawn, through Mr.
Smith, for the purposes alleged, it was improperly
used, and, according'to the statements of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, .[Mr. Brinkerhoff,] Mr.
Webster, when he left the department, was a de-
faulter.
He could not see how the God of battles could
be invoked to bless our arms, if, as the gentleman
from Georgia had alleged, our cause was unjust.
Mr. STEPHENS explained that he had never
said it was unjust. The removal to the Rio Grande
he had declared to be unnecessary and improper,
and that it was not right for the Executive to mak&
the removal.
Mr. YANCEY had not, he said, misunderstood
the gentleman. The war was, in his view, to be
attributed to an improper and unnecessary remo-
val. He feared that his friend had shared in that
hasty plate of soup; and that he had in view the
cause of that removal, whSn he had chosen to lead
his political forces.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON spoke to the subject
of the amendment of the Senate to the bill, and
suggested some amendments.
He moved that the committee rise, in order to
afford time for the continuance of the discussion;
for, he said, it was impossible to take up the tariff
to-day.
Mr. McKAY suggested that the question be
taken on the amendments, and that the bill be re-
ported, and the discussion concluded in the House.
Mr. THOMPSON withdrew his motion.
The hour of two having arrived, the committee
proceeded to vote on the amendments. Several of
them were concurred in, some with and some
without amendment. The residue were disagreed
to on the recommendation of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The committee then rose and reported the bill
and amendments to the House.
SUPPLEMENTAL "VVAR BILL.
Mr. HARALSON, from the committee on con-
ference appointed on the subject of the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on this bill, (on leave)
made the following report:
The committee of conference on the part of the Houstt
of Representatives on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses of Congress on the bill enutied " An act supplement-
al to an dct entitled ' Au act providing for the prosecution of
the exi&ungwar between the United States ana the Republic
of Mexico, and for oilier purposes,5 " respectfully report:
That they have met the comerees on tiie part of the Sen-
ate, and, after free and full conference upon the subject of
tho said disagreeing votes, the joint conferees have agreed
to recommend, and do recommend, as follows:
That the amendment of the Huuse to the first section of
the original bill providing for the i eduction of the number of
general officers '• when the war with Mexico shall termi-
nate," be amended by striking out, and substituting for the
word " terminate" the following words, viz: be terminated
by a definite treaty of peace duly concluded and ratified,"
and that the Senate recede from its disagreement to the
amendment thus amended.
That the House of Representatives recede from its disa-
greement to the votes of the Senate disagreeing with the
amendments which constitute the 15th and 16th section*
supplementary to the original Mil.
Should tiifse ) ecommendations be adopted, their effect
will be to retain the first section of the original bill as amend-
ed by the House, with the exception ot the words above
proposed to be substituted for the word "terminate," and to
strike out thegsections nuiribeied 15 and 16 supplementary to
the biU as passed bv the Senate.
IIUGH A. HARALSON,
H WHITE,
Committee on the part of the House.
JOHN A. DIX,
JAMES D. WESTCOTT, Jr.,
Committee on the part qf the Senate.
