988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
THE HON. DANIEL "WEBSTER.
Mr. SEABORN JONES, from the select com-
mittee appointed to inquire into the truth of certain
charges made by the Hon. Charles J. Ingersoll
against the Hen. Daniel Webster, reported the
following resolution:
Whereas a part of the testimony relative to the
charge made by the Hon. Charles J. Ingersoll
against the Hon. Daniel Webster, of using a
part of the foreign intercouse fund to corrupt the
party press, has, by order of the House, been
printed as a part of the minority report:
Resolved, That all the testimony relative to that
charge be printed.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to amend by striking
out the preamble.
Mr. VINTON suggested to Mr. Jones that there
should be added to the resolution the words " with
the report of the majority of the committee."
Mr. JONES said these words ought to form a
part of the resolution. They had been directed by
the committee, and were omitted by him in writing-
out or copying.
The SPEAKER (Mr. Hopkins officiating) said,
as the resolution was the act of a committee, it
could not be changed by the reporter.
Mr. JONES said the words proposed to be added
had been ordered by the committee, but were omit- j
ted by him by accident or inadvertence. j
The SPEAKER would not allow them to be '
added.
Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN inquired if the
committee was in existence, and could make a re-
port? It had heretofore reported, and reported in
full, as he understood; and, according to the par-
liamentary usage, from that moment wasdissolved.
Mr. VINTON said the committee did not con-
sider itself dissolved. It had asked in its report
to be discharged from the further consideration of
the subject upon which it was appointed to inquire.
The House did not agree to the report, haa not
granted the request of the committee, but had laid
its report on the table, leaving the committee in
existence.
The SPEAKER ruled that the committee had a
right to report the resolution.
Mr. J. DAVIS opposed the resolution of Mr.
Dromgoole to strike out the preamble.
The question was put on Mr. Dromgoole's
motion, and it was lost without a count.
Mr. VINTON then moved to add to the resolu-
tion the words " with the majority repoit." This
was agreed to.
And the resolution was then adopted.
THE CONSULAR SYSTEM.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL, from the select com-
mittee appointed on the subject on the 12th of
March last, reported a bill for the revision of the
consular system of the United States. Read and
committed.
The following message, heretofore received from
the President, was read:
To the Hou-e of Rcpiescnt Jives of the United Strifes'
I commuuu'eue. hu<nv:th, a repoit from the Secretary of
the Navy, accompanied wirh thi; correspondence called for
by the ie>-olulion of t'le Hoiisu ol Representatives of the 4th
of May last, brtwepn Commander G. J. Pendergiast and the
(jowinment on the Rio de la Plata, and the toreign naval
commanders and the United States Minister at Buenos
Ayivs and the Navy Depaumsnt, whiKt or bince &aid Pen-
dergiast was in command of the United States ship Boston
in the Rio de la Plata, touching s>aid seivicr*.
JAMES K. POLK.
Washistox, June 17, 184G.
The message was laid on the table.
LAKE SUPERIOR. MINES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretaiy of Wai, accompa-
nied by a report from A. B. Giay, upon the subject
of the mineral lands on Lake Superior, received
since January 1, 1846; as also a report from the
Ordnance Bureau on the -same subject. Laid on
the table.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions and memorials were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. DOBBIN: The proceeding-: of a large and patri-
otic meeting in Rdlaigh, N. C., without distinction of party,
Hon. James Iiedell presiding, and James T. Marriott, E*q ,
acting as secretary, approving of the act of Congress appro-
priating ten millions of dollars and authorizing the President
to accept fifty thousaad volunteers for the prosecution of
the war with Mexico, and encouraging the people to unite
in the cprvice of their country.
By Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL: The memorial of the trus-
tees oi Columbia College, in the city of New York, praying
that tiiere may be no abridgement oftho->e provisions of the
revenue laws of the United States, by virtue of which books,
maps, and other scientific and other literary'apparatus and
object*, have, for the last thirty years, been admitted free of
duty, when imported for the use of philosophical or literary
societies, or of any college, academy, school, or seminary of
learning in the United States.
By Mr. COCKE: The petition of Robert Hooke and 27
otheis, citizens of Blount county, Tennessee, who were
engaged, in the years 1788 and 1789, in repelling the en-
croachments of tin* Creek and Cherokee Indians"upon the
early settlers of said county, praying Congress to grant some
compensation to those engaged m said service: referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON: Tiie petition of John
Scalf: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. W. G. BROWN": The petition of John Sparks, a
soldier of the war of 1812, for a pension.
By Mr. SEAMAN j The petition of H. G. Kortrlght, for
himself and others, foi French spoliations: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. GARVIN: The petition of 66 citizens of Mercer
county, Pi'imcvlvania, prayin?tbata post-road be established
between Meicer and West Middlesex, in said county: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pom Office and Po-t Roads.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The,petition of 47 citizen?
of Ashland county, Slate of Ohio, for a po-t route from
LoudenviUe to Ashland, in said State: which was referred
to me Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 18, 1846.
Mr. SPEIGHT presented the petition of citizens
of Natchez, asking the erection of a marine hos-
pital at that place; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the House bill to es-
tablish an additional land office in Iowa, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. NiLES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported an act in amend-
ment of an act entitled <k An act to reduce the rates
of postage, limit the U3e, and correct the abuse of
the franking privilege, and for the prevention of
frauds in the Post Office Department;" which was
read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported the joint resolution tender-
ing the thanks of Congress to General Taylor,
and for other purposes, with an amendment.
The Indian appropriation bill sent back from the
House yesterday was taken up, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
The Senate considered the report of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affans, asking to be discharged j
from the further consideration of the case of Cap-
tain John Clitz.
Mr. ATCHISON moved to lay the subject on
the table; which motion was agreed to.
The Senate also considered the adverse report
of the Committee on Commerce, in relation to Put-
nam's plough dredger; which,
On motion of Mr. BAGBY, was laid upon the
table.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. BREESE moved that the prior orders of the
day be postponed in order to take up the bill to
graduate and reduce the price of the public lands;
upon which motion he asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted as fol-
lows.
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breeze, C.i>&, Chalmeis, Dickinson, Dix, Fair-
field, Haunegan, Houston, Lewu, MeDuftie, Pt-nnybacker,
; Rusk, Sempt1, Sevier, Turney, Westcott, and Yuloe—23.
j NAYS—Messrs, Aicliei, Bairow, Bemen. Cameron, T.
I Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Davis, Dayton, Evans,
| Greene, Huntington. Jainagin, Johnson of Maryland, John-
i son of Louisiana, M.ingum, Millei, Niles, Pearce, Pnelps,
I Simmons, and Upliam—22.
! So the motion to take up was agreed to.
I The bill was considered in Committee of the
! Whole, and, after the adoption of sundry amend-
i ments moved by Mr. Breese, from the Commit- j
! tcc on Public Lands,
j Mr. DAYTON submitted an amendment, with j
\ a view to test the principle, striking out that por- |
i lion of the bill which provides that all lands which |
I shall have been in the market above forty years i
I shall be ceded to the States in which they he.
' The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until to-morrow.
SECRET SESSION.
The resolution offered a few days ago by Mr.
Allien- for rescinding the fortieth rule, which re-
quires the Senate'to close its doors while transact-
ing Executive business, coming up-in its order for
consideration—
Mr. ALLEN rose and said it was unnecessary
to enter into a discussion of this resolution; it was
a matter which was perfectly familiar to the minds
of Senators, and could not be made more familiar
by discussion. On a former occasion, indeed on
several previous occasions, he had submitted reso-
lutions of this description, with the exception of
the omission of the last clause. The former reso-
lutions embraced all the business 6f the Senate
except the ratification of treaties; the present one
embraced all business including treaties. Upon
offering the former resolutions, he had had the'
honor to be supported, he believed, by a great pro-
portion of the party with whom he acted. He had
embraced in this resolution the action.of the Sen-
ate on treaties as well as on other questions, be-
cause the experience which they had had in these
matters clearly showed that to proceed to the dis-
cussion of treaties with closed doors was a mere
sham—that it amounted to nothing; that every-
thing relating to treaties, when they were of im-
portance enough to attract attention, was known
just as well when the doors were shut as when
they were open.
In Executive session, a day or two since, he had
had occasion to refer to some newspaper .publica-
tions relating to the matter under consideration.
He would not say how truly the statements of the
newspapers conformed to the matter before the
Senate, because it would be a betrayal of the se-
crets of the Senate; but he would say that whilst
these rumors were allowed to go abroad uncontra-
dicted in regard to the votes and final action-of the
Senate, as weli as to the subject matterupon which
they were acting, great injustice would continue
to be done to the Senate and to individual mem-
bers of the body. He wished that he were at
liberty to point out wherein the matter to which
he referred differed from the report of it which had
gone abroad. He desired that the whole matter
might be speedily communicated to the public, be-
cause not only the distant newspapers, but the news-
papers in this city, had given oy implication their
version of the treaty; and tliis being done by the
great leading newspapers' of this city without con-
tradiction, it would of course go abroad as a thing
acquiesced in by the Senate, and consequently
true. Both the papers of this city had given, by
implication, their version of the treaty, by pub- -
lishmg extracts from other journals, thus giving a
sanction to their correctness. If this practice were
to be persevered in, and the newspapers each morn-
ing laid upon the tables of Senators with errone-
ous accounts which they were not at liberty to
correct of what was transacted in secret session,
where was the propriety of keeping the doors
closed at all? What good end would they attain
by it? None. What bad ends might not be ef-
fected by it? Many. Senators might be injured
by the public mina becoming preoccupied with
error, with erroneous notions and opinions in re-
gard to the state of the public business—that busi-
ness being sealed from the public eye by the vol-
untary will of the Senate itself There was one
truth which it would be sufficient for his purpose
at present to advert to; and it was, that the prac-
tice of transacting business of great public concern
in this way was out of proportion, out of symme-
try, with the whole body of our institutions. It
was entirely anti-republican, anti-democratic, and
contrary to the spirit of the times; contrary to
the universal craving of the people—and a just and
wholesome craving it was on their part—to know
the whole of the acts of their representatives; and
not only to know them after they were done, but
while in the act of being done, it was'true, it had
been said on some occasion that when a thing was
done everybody must remain silent and acquiesce
in it, because it was done, no matter how unjust
or odious it might be to the people, nor how great
a sacrifice it might be to the nation. But this was
a principle which did 'not belong to our institu-
tions, nor indeed to any European institutions
south of Russia, or west of Constantinople. Here
political questions were never done; they were
subject to revision, and it was that which consti-
! tuted the foundation of popular liberty-. If they
were to go upon the supposition that because an
act was done, therefore it must be submitted to,
they might say that the tariff was a thing done,
