1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
989
and therefore not to be touched, or that because
Detroit was surrendered by -Hull, therefore it
ought to be acquiesced in. He hoped the resolu-
tion would be adopted. He was aware that the
grounds upon which Senators acted in this matter
generally were that the public interest might
suffer if the business were disclosed; but all expe-
rience showed that the ground upon which that
principle was founded had been .taken away. All
experience showed that everything that was done
in secret session was spread abroad next day, dis-
torted and erroneously stated.
He demanded the yeas and nays; and, being
taken, they resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton,Breese,Dick-
inson, Fairfield, Hannegan, Jenness, Njles, Semple, Stur-
geon, Turncy, and Westeott.—■13."
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Ashley, Bagby, Barrow, Benton,
-Berrien, Calhoun, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers, Thomas Clay-
ton, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Davis, Dayton, Dix, Evans,
Greene, Houston, Huntington, Jurnagin, Johnson of Mary-
land, Juhnson of Louisiana, Lewis, McDulHe, Mangum,
Miller, Morehead, Pearee, Pennjbacker, Phelp-'. Rusk,
Sevier, Simmons, Speight, Upham, Webster, and Yulee—li8.
THE WAREHOUSE BILL.
Mr. DIX moved the Senate to take up for con-
sideration the warehouse bill; which was not
agreed to.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, the Senate then
went into Executive session, and after some time
spent therein the doors were opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 18, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part, and
(the further reading having, on motion of Mr. G.
W. JONES, been dispensed with) was approved.
Mr. GORDON gave notice of a motion to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution hereto-
fore reported from the select committee on the sub-
ject of the distribution of the tenth volume of the
laws of the United States was rejected.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Personal explanations, growing out of the speech
of Mr. Yavcey, published in the Union of the I7th
instant, were made (on leave) by Messrs. STE-
PHENS, YANCEY, J. J. McDOWELL, and
COBB.
Mr. STEPHENS, in the course of his remarks,
made a correction relative to the following portion
of the report in the Union of June 1G:
" Mr.leakf (continuing) said he thought, when the gen-
tleman announced that the boundary ought to have been,
or to be, at the Kio Grande, and that it could be, or eoul<!
have been, obtained by negotiation, that lie announced the
proposition that Texas rightfully extended to that river; lor
he could not have thought that the Mexicans would have
quietlv, tamely submitted, by negotiation, to give up that
portion of territory between the Nueces and the ltio Grande,
if it belonged to them.
" Mr. Stephens, (in his seat.) ' I do not.' "
It should be, corrected (ho said) by omitting the
word " not" in the latter portion of the cxtract, so
as to read—
" Mr. Stephens, (in his seat.) ' I do.' "
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, [the explanations not being yet closed.]
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered;
and, being taken, were—yeas 37, nays 122.
So the House refused to go into committee.
The explanations were concluded.
THE TARIFF.
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, submitted by
him in the temporary absence (he said) of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
McKay,] the House resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Cobb, of Georgia, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill reducing the duty on im-
ports, and for other purposes.
The pending question was on the substitute pre-
sented by Mr. Hungf.rford.
Mr. SEABORN JONES said he rose to address
the committee, in consequence of the indisposition
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. McKay,] to explain the provisions
of the bill before the committee, and to call the at-
tention of the country to the policy indicated in it
as the policy of the Administration in the present
posture of our affairs. The recent estimates of the
Secretary of the Treasury have not been before
the Committee of Ways and Means to have en-
abled them to report the necessary amendments.
I trust the committee will indulge me for adverting
to those circumstances which are an inducement to
provide revenue for carrying on the war in which
we are now engaged, and in pointing out those pro-
visions which the committee propose to make in
view of the emergency in which we are now placed.
The bill, as originally reported, was a peace meas-
ure; circumstances, known throughout the com-
munity and not necessary for me to detail at this
time, have placed us in a different situation from
that in which we were when the bill was originally
reported. We are in a state of war, and it becomes
necessary for us—as every prudent nation should
do—to provide the sinews of war—the money
necessary to enable us to carry on that war vigor-
ously and effectively. I will not stop to inquire
now into the justice of this war. I will not ask the
committee to determine whether it be a war of ag-
gression or defence, but I hope I may be indulged
in a few remarks in answer to the remarks of my
colleague, [Mr. Stephens.] I do not intend to
misrepresent that gentleman; I state his position
as I undeistand it, and I believe fairly. If I un-
derstood the gentleman aright, his position was
this: that as we were at war, he was willing to aid
in the prosecution of that war. he would throw no
difficulties in the way; but he intended to assail the
Administration for bringing on this war; and, in
the course of his remarks, 1 think an unfortunate
admission was made by lnm, for the correctness of
the conclusions he sought to deduce. He said the
President had no right to know where the western
line of the United States is; that it is an open
line 
Mr. STEPHENS explained that he had not said
that the President had no right to know, but he
contended it was an open line, as it was.
Well (continued Mr. J.) the President of the
United States was certainly bound to know some-
thing about our line; and 1 understood the gentle-
man to say distinctly it was an open line. 1 think
1 heard him repeat the same thing this morning.
But he said " he thought the line ought to be the
Rio Grande."
Now, on what basis did he come to this conclu-
sion ? What data had he before him by which lie J
arrived at the conclusion that the Rio Grande
" ought to be the line?" Surely, by the history
of Texas, by the history of Mexico, and the his-
tory of the war between these two nations, and the
results of that war; surely, by the declaration of
Texas in her constitution, that her boundary ex-
tends to the Rio Grande; surely, by the extension
of her laws over the whole territory to the Rio
Grande. These were the reasons, I presume, which
brought the gentleman to the conclusion that the
Rio Grande " ought to be the line." Then, surely,
the gentleman will excuse the President for com-
ing to the same conclusion with himself. Surely,
the President, who is placed in a situation where
he is bound to know the western boundary of the
United Slates, does know the line. It is a part of
his official duty.
Mr. STEPHENS interposed, and said those
were not the reasons which brought him to that
conclusion. He thought the Uio Grande ought to
be the boundary because it was a large river and
a natural boundary.
Mr. JON 1£S (continuing) said the gentleman
was too good a lawyer to believe that that was a
legal reason.
Mr. STEPHENS in his seat: "I did not say it
as a lawyer."
Mr. J. continuing. What " ought to be the
line" is the line which justice demands: not be-
cause it is a large river or a small one—because it
is an arid desert or a fertile plain, and therefore it
may be considered a nttlural boundary; but what
justice and right require to be the line is what it
"ought to be." Perhaps we ought to have the
Frozen ocean for our northern line; but does that
furnish us a good excuse for seizing all the inter-
vening country, in violation of the rights of other
nations? Perhaps we ought to go south to the
Isthmus of Panama, because the whole continent
ought to be ours; but is that a justification for our
going forward, and taking possession of this whole
territory, without regard to the rights of other na-
tions ? I say the gentleman must have recurred to
history to have known what " ought to be" the
line, speaking in his capacity as legislator, and
that he ought to excuse the President for coming
to the same conclusion with himself.
But I will consider it as an unsettled line; and
until the line is settled, the President, as the Presi-
dent of the United States, was bound to protect the
whole territory claimed by the United States, and
no man can question that we claim the Rio Grande
as the western boundary of Texas, and now of the
United States. The honorable gentleman from
Texas [Mr. Pillsbery] ably and successfully vin-
dicated the claim of Texas, m the remarks he sub-
mitted to the committee a few days since, and Mr.
J. would not go over the ground which he had ta-
ken. That claim was purchased by the blood of
her sons, and sealed by their victory; and no better
title has any nation to her territory than that which
was acquired by Texas to the Rio Grande. But
the gentleman for himself doubted not but the
boundary could have been settled by negotiation;
and he went on further to say, that if it could not
be settled by negotiation, " it ought to be fixed by
the sword." Well, when he thinks the boundary
could have been settled, and the Rio Grande ob-
tained, by negotiation, lie stands in a fearful minor-
ity. There is not one man, I think, in one hun-
died in this country who believes it; I have no
doubt there are some. The gentleman has pre-
sented himself as one.
But what are the facts in regard to our attempts
at negotiation? Upon our inquiry whether a min-
ister would be received to settle our difficulties with
Mexico, we were informed by her that he would
be. A minister was sent there, and they being on
the eve of a revolution, the acceptance or acknowl-
edgment of him as a minister is declined upon a
mere quibble. He remains; the revolution took
place; and after time had elapsed for quieting a lit-
tle the excitement consequent upon it, application
was made to the new Government, and he was re-
jected—rejected with insult. Now, when we couple
that with the fact that Mexico had previous to that
entered into negotiation and acknowledged the just
demands of our citizens, and then refused the pay-
ment of their debts; that she had withdrawn her
minister from this city on the ground of the an-
nexation of Texas, and had declared that annexa-
tion would be considered an act of war; that she
I sent our minister away also who was resident in
Mexico on the same pretence;—add all these facts
to the crowning act of insult and outrage, and ta-
king these in connexion with the declaration that
she intended to reannex Texas to Mexico, and
that Paredes was placed on the throne—or rather
in the presidential chair—for that express purpose;
and where is the prospect of negotiation fixing that
line? And if the President did not come to that
conclusion—if the President did not believe that,
negotiation could fix that line, according to the
gentleman's proposition, it was his duty to fix it
by the sword. For, the gentleman says, "It
ought to have been settled by negotiation, and if it
could not be, it ought to be fixed by the sword."
The gentleman believed it could have been settled
by negotiation; but, from the facts, I say the Presi-
dent was authorized to believe it could not be; and
being authorized to believe so, it became his duty,
by the proposition of the gentleman, to settle it by
the sword.
Mr. STEPHENS (in his seat.) Does the gentle-
man mean to say he had the right to fix it by the
sword ?
I do not mean (said Mr. .T.) to be drawn into
the trap laid forme, that I am sustaining the right
of the President to declare war. I have too good
a knowledge of the restrictions of the Constitution
to take this ground, but I say this: it was the Pres-
ident's duty to place our troops wheie they were
placed. War was threatened; Paredes was placed
in command of Mexico, for the purpose of re-
taking Texas from the United States, and reannex-
ing it to Mexico. He had declared his intention
to carry out that purpose; troops were assembling
■ on the western frontier of the United States; and
after our Minister withdrew himself from Jalapa,
the President ordered General Taylor to make an
advance upon the eastern bank of the Rio Grande.
He had a right to believe, from the history of the
times, what the gentleman from Georgia did be-
lieve—that that was ihe line. It was his right,
then—nay, it was his imperative duly—to place the
troops in that position where they could best de-
fend the territory of the United States; he would
have been recreant to duty, unfaithful to his trust,
and a disgrace to the country, if he had failed to
carry it out. It adds another feather to the plume
that decks the brow of James K. Polk. The pru-
