1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
991
are low the temptation will not be so great; if the
interest be small, the inducement to theft and to
fraud will be small; in- addition, if the penalties
be severe, that, taken with the smallness of induce-
ment, would tend largely to prevent frauds.
But, while I am. upon the subject, I ask leave to
present to the committee, and have read, an amend-
ment which I intend to offer at the proper time to
this bill for the further prevention of fraud.
The Clerk read the following:
"And for the purpose of'preventing frauds on the rev-
enue, be it further enacted, that all and every person who
shall import goods or any other articles into the United
States, shall deliver to the collector duplicate invoices of
all articles impoited by him or them, and after the same
nave been examined and ascertained to be fuir and genuine,
the collector "shall endorse his name on each of them, and
have the seal of his office affixed theieto; one of which he
shall deliver to the iinportei or importers, and the other
shall be deposited in the office of the collector, subject to
the examination of any and all persons; and on application
of any person, a copy of the same, duly certified, shall be
furnished to said person proposing to' purchase any of said
articles, upon their paying the reasonable expense of copy-
ing the same."
It will be perceived, (said Mr. J.,) that, by this
amendment, each importer is required to present
duplicate invoices to the collector, and the collector,
after having examined and pronounced them gen-
uine, is to endorse his name upon them, and affix
the seal of his office. One is then to be given to
the importer, and the other to he kept in the office
of the collector. The object of the amendment is
this: if the importer is an honest man, and deals
fairly, he will show his invoice to the purchaser;
and if he refuse to do so, it is at once an indica-
tion of dishonesty; if he has given a false invoice
to the collector, he cannot show an invoice with
the name and stamp of the collector to the pur-
chaser; else he will chcat himself. He will not
only lose his profit on part of the cost, but part of
the cost itself. The course of the trade is this:
when ati importer is called 011 by a purchaser, he
sells his goods at such a per cent, upon the cost,
enough to cover the duties and his expenses, and
pay him a reasonable profit. It will be easily seen,
that if his invoices are stamped, he will be obliged
to show to the purchaser the duplicate invoice of
the one lie delivered to the collector; if he refuses
to do so, no honest man ought to deal with him,
for he may be sure he is not honest.
This amendment has not yet been adopted by
the Committee of Ways and Means: it will be
offered to them, and whether adopted ornot, I shall
press it upon the House.
The next thing to which I invite the attention of
the committee, is the duty on tea and coffee, con-
templated by the Secretary of the Treasury. He
has advised Congress to put a duty of 20 per com.
upon them. I am aware that this tax meets with
strong objections. I am acquainted with none
worth noticing but that it is taxing a necessary of
life. Now I would ask, to whom is tea and coffee
a necessary of life? To no class of community.
It is a convenience, it is a comfort—nay, some-
times it may be called a luxury, both to the rich
and the poor. It is a real luxury—a strong cup of
coffee to a man who has taken the tee-total pledge
and needs something to revive him—it is a real
luxury to him, a necessary to nobody. It is a
comfort, a great comfort; a convenience, a great
convenience; and, as I before said, it is sometimes
called a luxury. Now if there is such an abhor-
rence to taxing tea and coffee because they arc ne-
cessaries, what would gentlemen say to taxing
iron? Why not leave that free? " 0, but," (says
the gentleman from Pennsylvania—I refer to no par-
ticular gentleman)—" we raise iron in our State;
and we want protection."
But, dear sirs, if a necessary ought not to bo
taxed, do not tax iron, for it is absolutely neces-
sary. It serves the female for her scissors and
needle, the farmer for his plough, and the manu-
facturer for his machinery, and all classes for
many of the necessary implements of their busi-
ness. In war it is the loft arm of our defence, as
money is the right arm. If we cannot tax tea and
coffee, then, because they are necessaries of life,
for consistency's sake do not tax iron. Goal, also—
another necessary of life—stands nearly alongside
of iron; iron is taxed 30 per cent., coal 20 per cent,
under this bill; by the bill of 1842, iron is taxed
from 49 to 115 per cent.; coal, 70 per cent. Salt,
too, has been taxed 8 cents per bushel of 56 pounds
by the tariff of 1842; strange to tell, that is about
100 per cent, upon an absolute necessary of life,
ps ow, how can gentlemen who are startled with per-
fect abhorrence at the idea of taxing tea and coffee
20 per cent., go for taxing other necessaries of life,
many of them, too, at much higher rates ?
While upon this subject of tea and coffee, allow
me to state what a duty of twenty per cent, upon
them would produce. You may put it down in
round numbers at $3,000,000. The two last years
have been the shortest years of importation for
some time; but, from a calculation, I find that a
duty of twenty per cent, upon the importations of
these two years, will give an average amount of
$2,583,712 teach year; and we may calculate that
$3,000,000'will be the amount, because these two
years being the shortest years, we may naturally
conclude that the next two years will, in conse-
quence, be greater.
Mr. ,T. further called the attention of the com-
mittee to the tax on cotton-bagging. That was a
necessary of life; it enabled the South to put up
their cottons for exportation. It was taxed only j
one hundred and one per cent. There was 110 ob- j
jeotion to taxing that, although a necessary—being 1
indispensable to the bringing into market of the j
great staple with which all the goods were pur-
chased, from which were derived nearly all the
revenue of the United States. It was not abhor-
rent, however, to gentlemen to tax this, because it
is made in some parts of some States. He also ad-
verted to the enormous tax 011 sugar, which he
went into some details to show amounted to about
one hundred per cent., (in which calculation he
was confirmed by Mr. Holmes,) and which was
necessary to sweeten those necessaries of life, cof-
fee and tea. Coarse cotton was taxed, he would
not say how much per cent., but to prohibition.
No man can afford to import cottons worth six
cents per yard paying a duty of six cents upon
them. Coarse woollens, lie said, did not stand
much behind. They were taxed at forty per
cent.; and blankeis worth seventy-five cents and
less were taxed fifteen per cent. Coarse, flannels
were taxed fourteen cents the squaie yard,
equal to one hundred per cent. All these articles
were more necessaries of life than tea and coffee.
One of my friends from tlu: West had said a loan
in his section of the country could not be made to
believe he could live without tea and coffee. I am
sorry for that man; for if he goes to the Mexican
war, (as I doubt not all the West, will, whenever
necessary,) he will find that he cannot at all times
have his tea and coffee, with his sugar and milk.
Sir, if any man will take the trouble to look at
the tariff of 1842, he will find various articles which
arc quasi luxuries that are taxed without stint; and
whatever objection any man may have to taxing
tea and coffee, 1 hope no man will say it is because
they arc necessaries of life. Whether necessary or
luxury, it is necessary now to tax tliein to raise
revenue for prosecuting the war \igorously and
effectively; and although 1 have a warm personal
friend belonging to the Whig party who was
beaten, 1 have no doubt, upon the tea and coffec
question, my people will come up as one man to
pay the duty which may be levied upon them to
defray the indispensable expenses of the country
in a time of war.
The Chairman's hammer here fell, announcing
the expiration of Mr. J.'s hour.
Mr. McCLEAN obtained the floor, but yielded
for a moment to
Mr. JONES, who stated that he would mention
one thing he had forgotten about the proposed
change of this bill. The Committee of Ways and
Means would probably propose to tax spirits 100
per cent, instead of 75, and reduce the tax on cor-
dials, &c., from 75 to 40 or 50 per cent.
One word more, and he was done. We have a
remedy in our own hands to which we do not like
to resort—to which we would be very unwilling to
resort: I mean retaliatory legislation. (Address-
ing a gentleman by him,) I do not mean nullifica-
tion. I mean countervailing legislation, putting
excise duties upon manufactured articles which
have not paid revenue duty to the Government.
Let me beg gentlemen not to drive us to that, and
erecting manufactories in the South which will de-
piive them of their market.
Mr. McCLEAN said it was not without em-
barrassment that he rose to address the committee
on this occasion. Since he had had the honor of
a seat in this hall, he had chosen rather to be a
listener than to take up the time of the House or
the committee in any remarks of his own. But
looking to the importance of the subject now under
discussion—to the character of the bill upon the
table—to the position occupied on this question by
the State which he had in part the honor to repre-
sent—it was proper that he should ask the indul-
gence of the committee whilst he submitted a few
remarks at this time.
A few days ago, (continued Mr. McC.,) I pre-
sented to this House a series of resolutions from
the Legislature of Pennsylvania, on the subject of
the tariff of 1842. They are very short. I will
ask the Clerk to read them.
The preamble and resolutions were read as fol-
lows:
TARIFF RESOLUTIONS.
Whereas the tariff of one thousand eight hundred and
forty-two produces no more than sufficient revenue to de-
fray the necessary expenses of the General Government,
and affords only an adequate incidental protection to Amer-
ican industry and American manutactuics against foieign
competition and foreign policy, and a consequent encourage-
ment to commeicinl entei prise, to agricultural pursuits, and
to the development of out own natuial mouices:
And whereas it is behoved the people of Pennsylvania are
opposed to any alteration m the existing taiiff, until fin ther
expetience ha-, shown that a modification is required to
secure a continuance of such pioteetion, and to promote the
general wclfaie: Therefor*1,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, in General J2*$cmb!y met,
That our Senators and Representatives in Congtess be, and
thry are hereby, requested to oppose all attempts to alter or
modify the larift'aot of the thirtieth of August, one thousand
eight hundred and forty-two.
Mr. McC. continued. Now, as the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sawyer] remarked the other day
on another subject, this is the text from which I
mean to pi each a shoit sermon. I will not raise
the point here as to the right of the Legislature of
a State to instruct, or request, its Representatives
on this floor in relation to their action on any par-
ticular question. I am a Democrat. I hold to the
ri^ht of instruction from my people, and I will per-
mit no man, nor any body of men, to stand be-
tween me and the people 1 represent. I hold that
the Representative is the mere agent, the servant
if you choose, of his constituents. lie is the mir-
ror through which their wishes and their desires
should be reflected in these halls.
But these icsolutions and requests, coming from
the legislature of my native State—from the Dem-
ocratic Legislature of both Houses, signed and ap-
proved by a Democratic Governor—and being-, as
1 believe these resolutions are, in strict accordance
with the wishes of the people whom I have the
honor more immediately to represent, I feel bound
in my action here to pay the strictest regard to
them.
It has been said that the tariff of 1842 was a
temporary measure, and the course of our distin-
guished Secretary of State, our late Democratic
Senator, and his action and vote on that bill, have
been referred to. Sir, that gentleman needs no eu-
logy from me. His motives and patriotism have
never been questioned at home or abroad. I admit
that the tariff of 3842 may have been considered as
a temporary measure by those who enacted it; but
I ask, is tins the time to repeal it? Is this the
time, situated as our country is, to act calmly and
deliberately on this question? I came here unin-
structed, unpledged, untrammelled, in relation to
my course upon it. I am willing to admit that
there were some imperfections in the bill of 1842.
There is no system of human legislation that is
perfect. It cannot be expected that in a bill con-
taining so many items, everything should be per-
fect; or that they could be so adapted as to equal-
ize the duties on imports over the whole extent of
our country. But we are now in the seventh
month of the session. We are at war. Our coun-
try is in a state of excitement. I ask whether
this is the time to revise our tariff, and to enact a
system of duties that shall be permanent? Our
| country—its manufacturing interests—the prospe-
i rity of its institutions—all require that when we
I again enact such a system it shall be a permanent
one, that our people may know upon what they
have to depend. And I contend, for the reasons
stated, that the time is now unfavorable to the ac-
complishment of such an object. We who are
farmers feel that to remain here five and six hours
a day, in this close and heated atmosphere, is little
better than imprisonment. The country is becom-
ing impatient. Let us vote supplies of men and
money to prosecute the existing war, and let us
adjourn. Let us go home to our constituents. Let
us consult with them as to what our action should
be, and what kind of a peace-tariff it is proper to
