992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18.
adopt. Is this the time, in a state of war, when
levies of men are coming on the different States,
to act calmly and deliberately on this great ques-
tion? I judge not. I judge that whatever the
views of the people may be on the question of the
tariff of 1842, they will sustain us in adjourning,
and holding the subject over for future considera-
tion. In expressing these views, I believe that I
am speaking in accordance with the views of the
people of Pennsylvania. I do not rise here to eu-
logize my native State. She needs no eulogy.
And if she did, there are others of my colleagues
more competent to the task than I profess to be.
We ask you to look at her not only as she is, but
as she has been, great and glorious. Her past
history is written m the records of your country.
The part she bore m the wars of the Revolution,
the part she bore in the late war, is matter of his-
tory. And let mc say, with regard to the war in
which we are now engaged, that she will not be
backward in obeying her country's call. In my
own district, meetings have been held without dis-
tinction of party. Whigs and Democrats have
vied with each other m their endea\ors to come to
the support of the Executive in carrying on this
war, and bringing it to a speedy and glorious ter-
mination. Pennsylvania was the first to abolish
an institution which has been an unfortunate one
for our country. In the year 1780 she abolished
the institution of slavery. There was a time when,
strange as it may appear, the term abolition was
an honorable term. It applied to a. repeal of that
which we had a right to repeal. It referred to the
action of our own State, and of those States that
abolished that institution« And here let me not
be misunderstood. I was not warm in my seat in
this House, when, for the first vote that I ever
gave of a legislative character, I was attacked by
four Whig papers in my own district for the vote
I gave on the rule respecting the presentation of
abolition petitions. It was my first vote; and I
confess that, differing as I did with most of my
colleagues, I felt some hesitation concerning it.
But when I found that four Whig papers assailed
me for it, I felt satisfied that I had done right, and
that their attack was a good enough endorsement
of my course. This is the first opportunity I have
ever had of making any allusion to that matter.
Pennsylvania has been always Democratic. She
has never wavered in her democratic course.
A voice. " ITow was it in 1840 ? "
Mr. McCLEAN. Well, it is true that in 1840
she did cast her vote for the Whig candidate; not,
indeed by u majonty, but by less than a majority.
Her vote for General Harrison was a plurality
vote only. She has always sustained a Democratic
Executive of our country. Her institutions are
democratic. And I beg gentlemen here not to
drive her too close to the wall; I beg them to esti-
mate properly the position in which her Repre-
sentatives on this floor are placed. 1 am glad that
in the vote I gave the other day against taking up
this bill, I was sustained by nearly all my col-
leagues. And feeling thus sustained, and believ-
ing that I shall be sustained by my own people,
the remarks I now propose to make shall he di-
rected to the propriety of delay in action on this
bill.
Since I came here, I have, with whatever feeble
ability I possessed, sustained the Executive and
the Administration. I have cast my vote for large
expenditures called for by the exigencies of the
country—expenditures which I would have been
loth to vote for in any other contingency than that
of war. I represent an intelligent, libeial, and, at
the same time, thrifty and frugal people, who like
to see where their money goes; but who, m time
of war, when the character and the honor of the
country are at stake, will not hesitate to vote libe-
ral supplies of men and money to carry on the
war.
Mr. Chairman, I am not going to raise the ques-
tion whether a tariff for protection is such a one as
the interests of the country, or the progressive
character of our institutions and the new light
which is every year cast upon us, will justify, or
not. It is sufficient for me to know that the tariff
of 1842 works well. The gentleman who preceded
me [Mr. S. Jonxs] says that we should judge the
tree by its fruits. I am willing to take him at his
word. I can only speak with reference to that
portion of the country with which 1 am more im-
mediately acquainted. And what do I see there r
Everywhere around me, in whatsoever direction
I may travel, I see the evidences of a prosperous*
happy, and cheerful people. Go where I will, I
hear the hum of busy industry. I see the evi-
dences of improvement—of prosperity, 1 was going
to say, almost unexampled in the history of our
country. The farmer has a good price for his
produce. During the last season he has had abun-
dance to spare. The wages of labor are fair.
The currency is as-good as ever it was; it has
never in my recollection been better. The system
works well. The tree bears fruit. The fruit is
good; and, as the gentleman from Georgia says,
by its fruit the tree should be judged.
The system of imposing duties on imports is in-
tricate and complex. It has engaged the attention
of all our wisest statesmen since the adoption of
the Constitution. And will you rashly make a
change in the face of the prosperity of the coun-
try ? Will you pull down a system which is work-
ing so well? I trust not. I trust that at this late
period of the session, in the midst of the excite-
ment that prevails, you will not force this House
to adopt a measure which the people, expect to
be permanent. 1 have said that I will not raise
the question whether it is proper to make such a
tariff as will foster and protect American indus-
try. But I trust that the day has not come when
a Democrat who raises his voice here in favor of
free discussion must be cried down. I think many
good reasons may be adduced m favor of a system
which imposes reasonable duties for the encourage-
ment of domestic industry. One, for instance, is to
be found m a cause which will always exist; and
that is, a reasonable apprehension of war. No nation
should ever be unprepared for that calamity. Ev-
ery nation ought so to encourage its own industry
that, in the event of war, if there are any articles
entering into the consumption of the people which
are necessary for their subsistence and their com-
fort, it should not be deprived of these articles, but
should look to its own resources for a supply of
them. I refer the committee to the action of the
fiist Congress on this subject. The preamble to
the sccond act passed by the first Congress, which
assembled under the Constitution of' the United
States, declared its object to be "the encourage-
ment of manufactures and the raising of revenue."
Washington, in his first Message, brought the
attention of Congress to the subject. Jefferson, in
his Message in 1808, did likewise. Madison, in
February, 1815, did the same thing. And Mr.
Monroe, in March, 1817, in his Inaugural Address,
said: "Oui manufactuies will likewise require the
systematic and fostering care of the Government.,}
In 1824, General Jackson, m a letter upon the
subject of the tariff, addressed to Doctor Coleman,
of .North Carolina, took the same ground. He
said: "In short, sir, we have been too long sub-
ject to the British merchants.' It is time that
£ we should become a little more Americanized."
Now, (continued Mr. McC.,) I desire to take
my humble position in the path of that great man.
I believe it is lime that we should become a little
more Ameucanized. I trust I feel in relation to
this question as an American should feel. See the
condition in which our country is placed. Recent
events, I admit, have effected some changc, but it
is our duty at all times to legislate for our own in-
stitutions. We have until recently been threaten-
ed with aggression from abroad. We are now en-
gaged m hostilities with a sister republic—a weaker
one, it is true. The Powers of Europe arc looking
on with jealousy, anxious that we should destroy
each other; or rather, as our head is the tallest,
waiting to strike a blow and bring us to the level
of Mexico and her sister republics. Sir, it is time
that we should become Americanized. Oh ! for a
spark of that fire which blazed so intensely in these
halls during the Oregon debate. I think that this
is the time when we should cherish American
rights—when we should make our country, to the
remotest extremity, feel the deep, strong, warm
pulsations of an American heart. The Holy Alli-
ance are looking on with jealousy, and are talking
of regulating the balance of power in this western
henusplieie; and I ask gentlemen, will they not
come up to the rcscuc, and cherish their own in-
stitutions ?
I am in favor of everything American save na-
tive Americanism in the political sense of that term.
The State of Pennsylvania, peopled by emigrants
and the descendants of emigrants, from almost
every country in Europe, should be the last to ad-
vocate the proscriptive principles of that intolerant
school. In the pure atmosphere of the country, on
the tops of our mountains, in the hearts of our
valleys, native Americanism, as a political theory,
has no.recognised existence. It lives, and breathes,
and has itsjoeing in the dense thoroughfares of our
cities alone^ The American can point with pride
to that clause in the Constitution which forbids a
religious test for holding office. Strike out that
clause, and our liberties, as a people, would be but
of brief duration. In my own district the natural-
ized population of mjr acquaintance are as honest,
worthy, and good citizens as any portion of our
inhabitants; and in the event of active service bet-
ing required during the existing war, the natu-
ralized citizens of our State would be as willing as
any others to rally under the stars and stripes, and
! to fight for the liberties of their'adopted land.
I But this is said to be a party measure; and we
j are called upon by party ties to come up to this
i work. Sir, I deny that this tariff question m Penn-
| sylvania has ever been made a party question.
The Whigs attempted to make it so and failed. I
believe their greatest glory now, if they looked to
party views and feelings, would be the repeal of
the tariff. But I have more respect for that party,
as a body, than to suppose that they are .actuated
by such unworthy motives. I will not say that
much for their leaders.
The late steamer brought us the news of two
very important events—an interesting occasion
happening to thedueen, and the repeal ofthe corn-
laws. 'As republicans, I believe we are about as
much interested in the one as the other. I dislike
this gaping, longing, and stretching out for news
from England. I disliked it whilst the Oregon de-
bate was in progress. I dislike it now.
Reference has been made to the exhibition of
American manufactures in this city-, and it has been
gravely charged that free tickets were sent here to
influence the votes of members. Is there no other
kind of influence sought to be brought to bear upon
members? I never expected, when I came here, to
see such an exhibition as I have seen. I never ex-
pected to see British merchants and manufacturers
brought into our committee rooms to exhibit their
manufactures to influence American legislation on
the tariff. Gentlemen may talk as, they please of
the Mayor of Washington sendingfree ticke.t^ to
members of Congress. It was no more than an
act of courtesy. But it is disgraceful to see British
agents coming to this Capitol, infesting your com-
mittee rooms on this subject of duties on imports.
I think, as enlightened Americans, we should not
submit to the repetition of such a scene. v The ex-
hibition held in this city must, I think, have been
, gratifying to every American of proper feeling. I
. had no part in getting it up; but I confess that,
I when I entered the building, I felt a glow of pride
; at the evidences of skill and ingenuity on the part
j of our manufacturers and workmen; and at the ar-
j tides of exquisite skill and delicacy from the fair
j hands of our countrywomen. My own district
furnished its humble quota, and I felt prouder of
my people than I had ever felt before.
The change recommended by the bill under
consideration, and by the letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury, is from the specific to the ad valo-
rem principle. Now, I differ with the gentleman
who preceded me as to the preference that should
be given to the ad valorem over the specific duties.
The question is, whether you will adopt the home
or the foreign valuation. I am in favor of the val-
uation of my countrymen—the valuation of spe-
cific duties—in preference to the fraudulent system
of ad valorem duties that will exist under this pro-
posed changc. You cannot prevent it. The gen-
tleman says that the importers and those who
make out the. bills will not cheat, because the du-
ties are so low that there would be no object in
making out fraudulent invoices. But men, in car-
j; rying out fraudulent intentions, are not actuated
j by the amount to be obtained from the'fraud. I
i believe that a system of fraud would be carried on
| by all foreign importers too intricate and too ex-
j tensive to be reached by any enactment we may
ii make. I believe they would cheat, no matter
| what amount was involved. I will remind the
. gentleman of the anecdote of the old woman and
I the eels. They cheat, because they are fond of it.
II They like it; and they will cheat for cents as well
;j as dollars.
'j While speaking of the testimony given by-
j j American statesmen on the sbbject of the tariff, I
i refer to the remarks of Mr- Calhoun, in 1816- I
