<vr
994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
because it was res adjudicata. The question had
been decided from the foundation of the Govern-
ment. " The power to regulate trade," said Mr.
Madison, " has been undeistood and used by all
commercial and manufacturing nations as embra-
cing the object of encouraging manufactures. It
is believed that not a single exception can be
named." Mr. Madison was himself a leading
member of the Convention which framed the Con-
stitution; and it was not to be believed that he did
not understand the true sense of that instrument.
The Constitution was so understood by the first
Congress which met under its authority. The
preamble to the first tariff act, passed at the first
session of that Congress, was in these words:
"Whereas it is necessary, foi tlie support of government,
for the discharge of the duties of the United States, and
piotectiori and encouragement of manufactures, that duties
be laid," &e.
And why so ? Because the power to impose
duties had been yielded by the States to the Gen-
eral Government, and it could exist nowhere else.
It had been oxeieised by some of them, and par-
ticularly by Virginia. Was precedent to be con-
sidered as of no account? It was held important
nn all other subjects, why not on this - It was
held conclusive as to the meaning: of a law. Had
not gentlemen who advocated the admission of
Texas into the Union rehed strongly on the pre-
cedent set m the eases of Louisiana "and Florida ?
And yet these were the very gentlemen who resist-
ed all precedent when brought before them on the
subject of the tariff.
And now as to the question of policy. If it was
the true object of Government to promote the in-
terests of the people, that measuie which best ef-
fected this object ought certainly to find favor with
the Government. But experience had shown that
the prosperity of the country had ever been the
greatest when the protection afforded by the tariff
was the highest, and that it was reduced to the
lowest point of depression when the tariff reached
the lowest rate of ad valorem duties. Who could
forget the scenes of 1840, 1841, and 1849; when
the cry for employment was heard throughout the
country, when all business was at a stand, and all
classes of the community felt a general paralysis?
The effect of the tariff of 1842 restored universal
prosperity, as if by a stroke of a masician's wand. I
That prosperity still continued. Why, then, re- (
peal the law which had wrought such happy j
effects ? Why make a change ? Why go back to ;
that state of tilings from which the tariff delivered
us ? All the people of the country asked was that '
Government would let them alone.
This bill discriminated for revenue against pro-
tection. The Secretary said: "No duty should be
' imposed upon any article above the lowest rate I
' which will yield the largest amount of revenue." i
"A partial and a total prohibition are alike m \io- !
' lation of the object of the taxing power." What I
was protection? The securing" to the producer a
market for his produce. Unless the duty laid re-
stricted importation, it afforded no protection. It
was a market which our people demanded. The
chief opposition to a protective tariff came from the i
South; but bow would the South come off without i
B foreign market for their cotton' We should
soon hear the, same complaints from that quarter.
But the market was secured to them by the neces-
sities of the world. But the foreign production of j
their staple was daily increasing' as well as the
home consumption; the home market would soon
be their onlv market. The committee proposed to
repeal the duty on cotton. Let it be done. We '
now exported to Brazil goods to the value of thiee
millions of dollars, and took cotton m exchange.
Cotton would soon be knocking at our door, olid
calling out for protection. It. was reasonable to
suppose that if cotton was let m free of duty, much
of our exchanges with countries where "it grew
would be in that article.
This tariff of 1842 spoke for itself. Its effects
everywhere bore witness for it. Business of all
kinds was now prosperous and healthy. Our peo-
ple were all prospering, and there was no reason-
able ground of complaint against the piesent ar-
rangement of duties. If it were not so, how would
Tennessee and Georgia be found in favor of the :
tariff' Why would a specific duty on sugar be asked !
to protect Louisiana? If it were not so, why was
the tariff so generally favored? Every one who knew
Pennsylvania must know that the people of that '
state never would have voted for James K. Polk !
as their President, if they had not been imposed
upon by men whom they trusted, and who repre-
sented to them that Mr. Polk was the advocate of
protection. He was objected to at first on the
; | ground of his being opposed to protection; but (hat
1| statement was expressly contradicted. Here Mr.
j| Mcl. read the following:
ji "The Tarhf Whig Deception.—Henry Clay, by his
i i introduction and support of the compromise actj arrayed
>i himself in opposition to Pott*, Heister, Denny, and all the
11 Kcpiesentatives m Congiess from the manufacturing States,
[j ami was considered as having abandoned tile protective
! j policy. Henry Clay, from the passage of the compromise
|; act down to the present hour, has never uttered a word in
I j opposition to the principles of that anti-protective measure.
; | "James K. Polk has ever pursued a straight forward and
; | consistent course upon the tariff, as well as upon otherques-
t iion- of national policy, and lie is now most decidedly and
| unequH'oeriily ooioiintted in favor of a tariff which shall af-
I fold fan- and jiM protection to agriculture, manufactures,
' commerce, &u\
] ft was irlli-mocratic Congress tllnt passed the tariff act
of 1816, the tanfi act of 182o, the tntilf act of 1828, which
! Henry flay, to piease his southern fnends, denounced. It
| was a Democratic Congiess that passed the tariff act ofib32;
| it was by Demociatic votes that the tarilT'act of 1P42 was
I passed; and it was a Demociatic House of Representatives
j that refused, m 1844, to disturb tile present taritf law.
' " hi the fase ol these FACTS, the "Willis have continued
j to misrepiesenl tile Democratic party and their candidate
J during the whole campaign.
In this manner Mr. Polk was represented
1 throughout Pennsylvania as the tariff candidate,
and the Democratic party as the tariff party, while
I Mr. Clay and his friends were held up as the bit- i
; terest enemies of protection. j
i Mr. Mcl. regretted that this matter of protection '
had ever been made a party question. It was a
! question as broad as the Union, and enteied into
and vitally affected all the great interests of the
country. There was little use in theorizing on a
practical subject like this. The people understood
the facts, and though they might be deceived as to
men, they could not be as to tho thinjr. They
found by experience that a protective tariff had fur- i
mslied ieal and profitable employment for their >
labor, as well as a profitable investment for their !
capital. They had tried both systems, and no '
theory or theorist ever could convince them that :
the policy of protecting their industiy was wrong. !
They knew and felt that whatever threatened the I
destruction of the tariff struck at the root of their I
interest and well-being. j
What did gentlemen expect from the destruction |
of manufactures? The complaint of the opponents
of the tariff was, that a portion of the people were i
realizing too large profits; but would their destruc-
tion better the condition of the people in any other ;
class of employment,' Would the withdrawal of,
capital from manufactures secure it a better invest- '
I ment m other pursuits? Would any southern man !
say that his profits would be increased by destroy- ]
ing the growth of sugar in Louisiana, and turning j
their rich land to the production of cotton ? Would !
that be the way to make the South rich ? Cer- I
taiuly not; it would be increasing the supply, and 1
diminishing the demand. Just so it was with the ,
destruction of manufactures. Would the cotton- '
grower derive any laiger profits because the manu- j
f.icturer was prostrated .' Would his destruction
cheapen their supply? They gotgoods nowcheaper !
than they could get them from abroad, and equal t
in quality to any m the world. So fully was this S
known and felt and acknowledged by Great Brit- i
ain, that she had been forced to pass a law expel- !
j ling us from the ports of India. If such were the j
j effects of the tariff, why repeal it? Under the sys- !
; teni of protective duties, manufactures had got to ■
such a perfection that, by offering a safe investment ,
of capital, they invited competition and reduced :
prices, till these readied the level of all other kinds
of business.^ Should the protective system be le-
pealed, the immediate effect would be fluctuation
from abroad. Foreign manufacturers well under-
stood their interest; and they would enter into '
powerful combinations, and make gieat temporary
sacrifices, purposely to destroy our manufacturing
establishments, and get undisputed possession of
the American market.
Protection was represented as increasing prices; '
and some gentlemen seemed to think that it could ;
be sought for no other end. But the facts proved ■
the contrary. It did not incicase prices, and not a
single case could be produced to show the con- \
trary. But even if it were otherwise; if protection
did somewhat increase price, there were advan- ■
tages attending it which more than compensated 1
for this. So well was this understood by Mr.
; Madison, that he held that on that ground alone
i we ought to protect. He considered the advan-
] tage of being able to supply our own wants from
i our own internal means, in case of war, so great,
I that this alone would justify the protective policy.
1 But if the principle would apply even were prices
| increased, with,-how much force did it apply when
■ experience proved that prices, instead of being aug-
! mented, were reduced by it? What a humiliating
! spectacle did our condition exhibit in 1812, when
I we were obliged to apply to our enemies for the
I very clothing of our sioldiers, and even for the rou-
' nitidis of war. Ought we not to guard against a
j repetition of the shame?
] One objection urged against the protection of our
; cotton manufactures was, that they employed such
j! a mass of female labor. Now, to say nothing of
fi the want of gallantry that marked this objection,
he would ask whether this was a moment, just
| when we were hurrying our young men to the bat-
i tic-field, to deny to their sisters the means of sup-
, port?
i The proposed bill would work an entire change
j in the revenue system of the country—and for
| what? Was jt because there had been a surplus
i in the Treasury? The present expenses of our
! Government, which were said to be little short of
| half a million a day, would very soon exhaust that
suppij-. Mr. Mcl. denied that there would be
i any surplus of revenue over the estimates of ex-
: penditure.
! Mr. HENLEY here put a question not distinct-
■ ly heard by the Reporter, but ctenying-the correct-
| n'ess of the rate of expenditure which had been
' mentioned. '
j Mr. McILVAINE replied that the rate he had
asserted had been attested in the Senate by
! more than one gentleman of the Democratic party
j and not denied. The estimates for the present
! year, which related only to the-ordinary expenses
of Government, exceeded the receipts. It was
not expected that our expenses would have been
so ranidly increased as they had been. We had
already appropriated about twenty millions by
way of commencement, as a sort of outfit for the
war; and if the war should stop now, its total ex-
pense would be not much short of fifty millions.
But the war was not to stop. The President had
informed Congress that lie contemplated an in-
vasion of Mexico. If he commenced the inva-
sion and conquest of that country, who could set
bounds to the expenses of the war?
In this connexion Mr. Mcl. desired to say,
(and that he might not be misunderstood he had
reduced to writing what he wished to say,) that
he washed his hands of this war. It was a war
unnecessarily and unjustly forced upon the coun-
try by the President, without authority of law,
and in violation of the Constitution, which gives
to Congress alone the power to make war. He
had abused the power vested in him to " repel
invasion," by the invasion of the territory of a
foreign Power, which had always been, and ad-
mitted by him to be, in the occupation arid under
the control of that Power; and had undertaken
to define by the sword a question of boundary
which Congress had declared should be determined
by negotiation. He (Mr. Mcl.) did not vote for the
war bill, because it declared war to exist by the
act of Mexico, which was grossly and glaringly
false; and because he did not consider a declaration
of war, with its destructive tendencies upon the
commerce and business of the country, necessary
to the defence of our territory. He would have
voted for the supplies, and did so vote in Commit-
tee of the Whole, to the full extent asked for—not
for the purpose of carrying the war into Mexico,
or effecting the conquest of that country, but to
relieve and sustain our gallant little army from
what appeared to lie imminent danger, and for the
defence of the country. But he could not vote for
the hill, objectionable and false as he knew a part
of it to be, without an opportunity being allowed
for consideration or debate, and designed, as he be-
lieved it was, to embarrass a portion of the mem-
bers of that House with whom he had the honor
to act. He did not vote against it, because he did
not wish to offer any impediment to the granting
of men and money, which, by the act of the Presi-
dent, appeared to be necessary. He therefore de- .
clined voting altogether.
It was evident (Mr. Mcl. said) that our expen-
ditures must exceed the receipts and estimates for
years to come. No reduction of the revenue could
