996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
the system asked was a fair trial. All its friends
demanded was that it should be tried upon its mei-
its, and that it should not be condemned witnout
evidence and against evidence.
Mr. YOUNG here obtained the floor, and moved
for the rising of the committee.
NAVY PENSIONS.
Mr. McKAY moved that the Committee take
up the bill making appropriations for the payment
of naval pensions for the year ending 30th June,
3847.
The bill is as follows:
!'e U ennctel by the Senate and ITmse of Rcpre^er.iutive^
of the United States of America in Congress (vemUcd, That
the following sums he', and tho same are hete*hy appropriated,
out of anv money in th ; Treasury not otherwise appiopua-
tecl, for the payment of navy pensions for the year ending
tlie thirtieth June, 1847 :
To pay invalid pensions, thirty-two thousand three hun-
dred and thirty-five dollars and foity cent*.
To piy the pensions of widows of officers, seamen, and
matrncs, twelve thousand dollars.
To piy the pensions of invalids who were wounded on
board of private armed vessels during the late war, thiee
thousand dollars.
On a motion of Mr. McKAY to strike out an
item appropriating three thousand dollars for the
relief of invalids m our private \cssels of war, a
brief but very animated debate sprang up, in which
Messrs. KING, of Massachusetts, and HOLMES,
of South Carolina, very wannly opposed the mo-
tion of Mr. McKay, pleading with much earnest-
ness the cause of our pnvateersmen, stating the
large amount of prize-money which they bad
brought into the Treasury; the sacred and invio-
lable character of the fund pledged for their relief,
when wounded: and their right, if that fund had
been perverted by the mismanagement of Govern-
ment officers, to have it made good out of the
T roasury.
Mr. McKAY admitted the existence and the
sacred character of the fund, and explained how it
had been misapplied, but utterly denied the obli-
gation of the Government to make it good. The
question was taken by tellers, when the oyes were
48, the noes 54. No quorum having voted, the
committee rose and reported progress.
A brief personal explanation then took place be-
tween Mr. BILLIARD and Mr. YANCEY, in
relation to a passage in the spccch of the latter as
reported in the Union. Mr. ECILLIARD warmly
disclaimed having said anything that could pos-
sibly derogate from the character of Washington,
and complained of having in that respect been mis-
represented by his colleague; but after mutual ex-
planation, Mr. YANCEY made such disclaimers
as were entirely satisfactory to Mr. H., and the
affair ended in the most friendly manner.
The committee then lose, and the House ad-
journed.
So the resolution was passed, and sent to the
House for its concurrence,
WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
The Senate then took up, as in Committee of
; the Whole, the bill to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide revenue from imports, and to change
! and modify existing laws imposing duties onim-
: ports, and "for other purposes.'7
' Mr. DIX rose and addressed the Senate in ex-
I planation of the bill and the amendments he pro-
' posed to submit, as follows:
j' Mr. President: The bill under consideration
i was reported to the Senate from the Committee on
'i Commerce, under a resolutiominstructing them to
1 inquire into the expediency of establishing a ware-
1' house system, and giving them authority to report
i! by bill." The committee having charged me with
!| the introduction of the bill, it devolves on me to
> explain its provisions, to point out its objects, and
I to show in what respects it modifies existing laws.
30, 1847, the amendments of the Senate to which
had been disagreed to by the House, reported:
Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
amendments of the Senate: insist on their amend-
ments disagreed to by the House of Representa-
tives, and ask a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses; and that the Chair appoint the
committee of conference on the part of the Senate.
The question being first put that the Senate dis-
agree fo the amendments of the House, it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
The Senate having determined to insist on its
disagreement—
It was then ordered that a Committee of Confer-
ence, on the part of the Senate, be appointed, to
consist of three members.
The CHAIR then appointed Messrs. Lewis,
Jaji\-\gin, and Sevier, to be of said committee.
On-motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, who explain-
ed that he submitted the resolution injustice to jj Xhe bill is designed by the committee to respond
General Gaines, _■ affirmatively to the inquiry they were instructed to
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed , ma]ce> |t js true, it does not provide specifically
to communicate to the Senate a copy of a letter - • '
from General Gaines, dated New Orleans, June
7, 1846, to the War Department, in relation to his
recall from the command of the western military
division of the United States.
Mr. NILES submitted the following resolution,
which lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee ron Finance be,
instructed to inquire into the expediency of provi-
ding by law that the subsistence, clothing, and
equipage for the army be purchased by advertising
for contracts, to be given to the lowest bidder,
when the exigencies of the service will admit of it;
and also to inquire into the expediency of requiring
the Quartermaster General and the Commissary
General of Subsistence to report annually to the
Secretary of War the terms of the contracts made
and all bids or offers for contracts not accepted re-
lating to the military service.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved to post-
pone the prior orders, to take up the joint resolution
in relation to the issuing of grants of certain lands
in Louisiana.
Mr. DIX hoped that the Senator would not press
that motion; there was the bill relating to the
warehousing1 system, which he had given notice
of his intention to call up to-day; and he hoped,
therefore, that the motion of the Senator from
Louisiana would not prevail.
for the establishment of a warehouse system; but
r it aims to accomplish all the objects of such a sys-
! tem, by extending the provisions of existing laws
■ in relation to the storage and final disposal of 4m-
; ported merchandise. They have given it the
; greatest possible simplicity in form. They have
, not deemed it expedient to recommend a complex
i system. They have aimed to introduce no prin-
; ciples wholly "new or untried. They have made
I the system they propose conform as nearly as
! practicable to the provisions of existing laws.
i They have founded it on enactments-now in force,
| and in daily and familiar operation, enactments of
' which the meaning and application have been set-
! tied by construction and practice. The bill'Con-
i sists of an amendment of a single section—the
twelfth section—of the act of the 30th of August,
1842, commonly called the tariff act. It is almost a
transcript of that section and the thirteenth. The
amendments, though important, are all comprised
within the compass of a few lines. Thus,Senators
will perceive that the proposed measure will be
presented for their consideration in the most simple
shape, and that the examination which the im-
portance of the subject demands may be carried
on, without embarrassing their attention by com-
plexity of details.
The first observation which I deem it proper to
make in connexion with the general policy of the
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 19,
Mr. WESTCOTT presented two memorials ,
from citizens of West Florida, setting forth the
defenceless state of that p*\rt of the country, and
praying approruiotjon* for siurabl'1 fortifications:
which were referred to tlv Coi \i\niio • on Military !
/Wr.'irs.
Mr. YULEE pio^ented a memoii.d fiom the
same quarter, similar iu us import: winch was also ,
referred to tlie Committee on Military Affair^.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military i,
A flairs, reported the House bill for the relief of ;
John Stockton Jate a lieutenant in the army of the |
United States, without amendment. !
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on j
the Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of j
Shadrach Gillet and others, which was read a f rst
time.
Mr. WOODBR1DGE also reported, from the
same committee, a bill for the relief of John Rus-
sell; which was read a first time, and the accom-
panying report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on Mill- 1
tary Affairs, reported the joint resolution fiom the
House making appropriations to pay the volun-
teers called out under the command of General
Gaines, without amendment.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
on the bill making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
the various Indian tribes, for the year ending June ,
'fly question was put by the CHAIR, and de- !j measure, is, that the warehouse system is actually
elded m the affirmative: Yeas 18, nays 17. j; in existence, though on a very narrow basis, and-
The resolution was then debated at some length j; in a very imperfect form. Indeed, I believe there
by Messrs. MoDUFFIE, MOREHEAD, BER- has been no period from the foundation of our
RfEN, and otheis; when ji revenue system when it was not in operation in
Mr. 'l3AG BY moved to lay the whole subject on || some shape or other, and under certain limitations,
the table; on \\ hich question lie demanded the yeas | It will, in fact, be necessary, in order to show to
and nays, winch were ordered; and the motion j, what extent it is m force, to go back to the general
was decided in the negative, as follows* revenue act of the 2d March, 1799, "to regulate
yr^AS Wees.!**. AU^n, Atehi-son, Bacjhv, Barrow, Breeze, j| the collection of duties on impoits and tonnage.
Ca'iioun, Cass, Chalmers Coi vvtn, Dickinson. I)i\\ XIaime- : The 56th section of tnat act, which is still in
Johnson ot Marjland, Lewis,MoDufne,More- force with some modifications, provides that, after
hr;Vv4^0I"JV' ^tur^'0V a,i(; yV'!w?rrr°?'   ti * the expiration of fifteen working days from the
i\AYb—'Ue<*rs Atcn'-r. Ashlev, Atherton, Berrien. Tho- . 1 .. . 3 i i
mas ( layfon, John M. Cbyton, Daus, Dayton. Evan-, Fair- j! time prescribed for reporting a vessel, if any goods
f!"ld. Greene, Houston, Rinmnjiroii, Johnson of Louisiana, | shall be found on board, other than such as were
M'!!e>, ,\iln^ }Vnrr<\ Phojp*, llujk, Sompie, Sevier, Sim- ; reported for entry in another collection district, or
mors. Uphnm, \\ oodbrid^. nn-1 imrp—S>. so*rQe forcjn.n port, they shall be taken possession
Mr. SPEIGHT hoped that the joint resolution Qm\ gtored under "the order of the. collector,
would be permitted to pn*s,and the public business | The same section also provides that, after five days*
suffered to proceed. It had already consumednotice to the collector, any goods may be so taken
thouch strictly a private matter, a great deal of ;■ ancj stored, with the consent of the owner, or con-
tim^, to the prejudice of important public bills. | g^nee, or the master of the vessel. By the act of
Mr. JOHN SON, of Louisiana, denied that it was 3^ March, 1821, the time allowed for unlading ves-
a private matier; the United States were, he said, 1 gejs exceeding three hundred tons burden- is ex-
deepiy interested as a party. !'tended from fifteen to twenty working days; and
The debate was further continued by Messrs. |, a provjso in the 56th stction of the act of 1799,
BREll.SE and JOHNSON of Maryland; when ; -which I am now examining, the fifteen working
The question was taken on the pending motion - * - " *
of
Flio question was taken on the pending motion 1 ^ays origmally allowed may be extended by the
Mr. Atchisox, to recommit the bill to tne Com- | collector fifteen davs more for vessels laden wi
miUee on the Judiciary; and decided m the nega-
tive without a count. - j
The question then recurred on the passage of the ■
resolution, and decided in the affirmative, as fol-
lows: i
YE \P—Me^rs. Ashley. Atherton. Benieri, Thomas Clay- ;
ton. J. M. Cta\ton. Davis, Da\ton, Dickinson. Dix, Evans,
FinriH': Gseeuc, Hou.-ton, Huntington, Johnson of Loiu-i- ,
ana. Millet. XiJe*, Pearce. Phelps. Rusk. Semple, Sevier, >
tfnnmotK, Tuiii^v, L'pliam, Woodbridge, and Yuiee—27.
NAYS5—Me^i?. AUen, Atchison, Baghv, Barrow, Benton,
Bteese, Bnght, Calhoun, Chalmers, Oorwin. Hanne^an, Jen-
ness, Johnson of Maryland, Lewis, McDuffie, Morehead,
Speight, Sturgeon, and Webster—18.
collector fifteen days more for vessels laden with
salt or coal.
The act of! 799, like all the early acts regulating
the collection of duties, gare a credit to the import-
er, where the duties chargeable on imported mer-
chandise exceeded a certain amount. If the duties
did not exceed fifty dollars, they were required by
that, act to be paid" in cash; and by the act of the
14th July, 1832, cash payments were exacted for
duties not exceeding two hundred dollars. On all
sums exceeding these amountSj the importer took
the goods and gave his bond, payable at periods
\arving from three to twelve months, according to
