1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
997
the nature of the merchandise and tlie countries
from which it was imported. This was the gen-
eral system. Ihere was an exception to it in the
case of teas, which were allowed to be deposited in
stores-agreed on by the importer and inspector of
the revenue—bonds without sureties being taken,
in double the amount of the-duties, payable in two
jje^rs.^ And there was' also a general provision au-
thorizing collectors to receive goods in deposite, by
way of securing the payment of duties, as a sub-
stitute for sureties on bonds. For instance, if the
importer preferred not to give sureties, he was al-
lowed to give his own bond and take his merchan-
dise, depositi ng with the collector asufiicient quan-
tity to insure the payment of the duties on the
whole.
Under the system of credits thus established,
there was no strong inducement to place goods in
store pursuant to the provisions of the SCth section
of the act of 1799.. Such as were found on board
vessels after the time specified for unlading, were
usually small in quantity and not of great value.
Under the proviso of the 56th section, which I have
referred to, authorizing gooda to be received in
store aiter five days1 notice, with the consent of the
owner, I believe it was, and still is, the practice for
vessels in haste to enter on the return voyage, and
©specialty packets, to be put on what is called the
five days' order, fpr.the purpose of unlading and
sending their cargoes to the public stores without
waiting for them to be appraised, weighed, meas-
ured, and gauged.
Goods thus deposited were, by the provisions of
the 56th section, permitted to remain in store for
the term of nine months, unless the duties charge-
able on them became payable in a shorter period;
and in this case a sufficient quantity was allowed
to be sold to realize the duties when they were due.
The residue was to be sold at the end of the nine
months, with the addition of one month prescribed
for advertising them. So that, with the nine
months allowed for retaining goods in store, one
snonth for advertising, twenty days for unla-
ding, and unavoidable delays, it rarely happened
that goods charged with duties payable in nine
months were sold in less than a year. Before
goods were sold, they were required to be apprais-
ed by two or more reputable merchants, and the
proceeds of the sale, after deducting the duties and
charges, were paid into the treasury of the United
States for the use of the owner, upon proof of his
right to receive them.
Such was the warehouse system as it existed
under the earliest revenue laws. The system of
credits established by the same laws, and the lim-
ited time for the deposite of merchandise, rendered
it of no great practical importance as an instru-
ment of commerce. I call it a warehouse system,
though it may be d«emed unworthy of the name,
as its object was, chiefly, the convenience of the
commercial community.
The 12th section of the act of the 30th August,
1842, require® .the duties on all imported merchan-
dise to be paid in cash. The act of 1799 re-
quired duties to be paid, or secured to be paid,
before a permit for landing them was granted.
But in order to ascertain what the duties were, it
was necessary, as a general rule, to cause the
goods to be weighed, gauged, measured, and some-
times sent to the public stores to be appraised.
The necessity of the case, therefore, established
this construction of the law, which has existed
from the earliest period—that its requirements are
sufficiently complied with if the importer pays the
duties regularly ascertained, or secures them when
estimated, before he obtains possession of the
goods on which they are charged. This practice
exists, and must always exist, under any system
of cash duties. It existed when the cash system
was partial, when it was made universal, and it
exists still. Under the cash system, then, the
duties must be paid or deposited before the goods
go .into the possession of the owner. Under the
credit system, the owner obtained possession of
his goods oh giving his bond for the payment of
the duties at a future day.
The 12th section of the act of 1842, after exact-
ing the payment of duties in cash, provides, that
" m all cases of failure or neglect to pay the du-
ties, on completion of the entry," the goods " shall
be taken possession of by the collector, and de-
posited in the public stores." When so deposit-
ed, they are to be kept at the charge and risk of
the owner; and if the duties are not"paid in sixty
days, (or ninety days, if imported from beyond
the Cape of Good Hope,) the goods, or a sufficient
amount to pay the duties, are required to be sold
at auction after an appraisement by the general
appraisers. If the owner does not claim the resi-
due, they are to be redeposited, and disposed of
under the thirteenth section of the same act, the
provisions of which 1 shall explain. The time of
advertising before a sale is prescribed by the I
Treasury Department, and has been fixed at thirty ;
days, as under the act of 1799. |
Such is the warehouse system, if it can be so
called, existing under the twelfth section of the act ;
of the 30th August, 1849; and it will be perceived |
that it differs from that established by the act of i
1799 in many essential particulars. !
1. By the act of 18-12 the maximum time durins '•
which goods are allowed to remain in store before j
a sale to realize the duties is reduced from nine i
months to sixty or ninety days. 1
2. Tinder the act of 1799 the appraisement was 1
required to be made by two or more reputable
merchants. Under the twelfth section of the act
of 1842 no special appraisers are named, and it is,
therefore, construed to intend the general apprais-
ers—the official persons appointed under the gen-
eral law. The appraisement is accordingly made
by them.
3. Under the act of 1799 all the goods were to
be sold at the end of nine months. Under the 12th
section of the act of 1842 only a sufficient quantity
is to lie sold, at the end of sixty or ninety days, to
pay the duties, charges, and interest.
4. Under the 5Gth section of the act of 1799, the
overplus of the proceeds of the sale, after paying
the duties and charges, was to he paid into the
treasury of the United States, for the use of the
owner. Under the 12th section of the act of 1840,
the residue of the goods, after selling a sufficient
quantity to pay duties, interest, and charges, is to
be delivered to the owner, if claimed by him, or if
not claimed, to be redeposited in store.
5. The act of 1799 required an inventory and
appraisement of the goods before a sale. The act
of 1842 requires, in addition, that distinct and
printed catalogues descriptive of the goods, with
the appraised value annexed, shall lie distributed
among' the persons present at the sale, and a rea-
sonable opportunity given to purchasers to inspect
the quality of the goods. These additional require-
ments are of great importance. Under the old sys-
tem these Dales were ordinarily mere package sales.
The officers of the customs and persons in their
confidence might know all about the goods to be
sold, while the purchasers could know very littfe
about them, thus opening a wide door to collusion
and fraud.
There nre other differences of minor importance
not necessary to be specified.
The 13th section of the act of 30th August, 1842,
differs materially from the 12th, and is, in its gen-
eral provisions, more analogous to the 5(ith section
of the net of 1709. The appraisement is required
to be made by two or more respectable merchants,
and all the goods aie required to be sold. This
section, at fust glance, appears to have been spe-
cially framed for the purpose of finally disposing
of all unclaimed goods, in whatever manner they
may have found their way into the public stores;
but, by a construction of the Treasury Department,
of the 11th July, 184f>, it is derided to embrace
only such goods as are redeposited in store under
the. preceding section, after a partial sale to realize
the duties, or such as are liable for charges of sto-
rage, &c. The time during which goods may re-
main in store under this section is fixed by the
56th section of the act of 1799, which is in this
respect unrepealed, and the sales accordingly take
place once in nine months.
In all cases, both under the acts of 1799 and
1842, there is a provision for the speedy sale of j
perishable goods—a provision equally important ;
to the Government, in order that the duties may
be realized before the goods become worthless; and
to the owner, who may not always know that his
goods are in store, and who might, without such
a provision, lose their entire value.
I have thus stated the provisions of existing laws
in relation to the storage and final disposal of im-
ported goods in all cases of a failure or neglect to
pay the duties chargeable on them, and of goods
unclaimed by the owners within the time limited
for retaining them in store. A comparison of the
act of 1799 in respect to the storage of goods, with
the act of 1842, will show the latter to be much
more stringent in its provisions. It diminishes the
time during which goods are allowed to remain in
store from nine months to sixty and ninety days,
and it exacts interest on the duties from the date
of the entry of the goods on which they are charge-
able.
The tariffactofl842introduced the. most thorough
revolution in this department of the revenue system
of the United States which has been known since
the foundation of the Government, by abandoning
the old plan of giving credit for duties, and requiring
them to be paid in cash for the largest as well as
the smallest sums. The old system gave a credit
for duties, without exacting interest during the pe-
riod for which the credit was granted. Under the
act of 1842, if there is a failure or an omission to
pay the duties on imported merchandise on the
completion of the entry, interest is charged from
the day the duties accrue, and the importer pays it
with the duties when lie ekiiins the goods; or if, in
default of voluntary payment by the importer, a
sale takes place, the interest is added to the duties,
and the amount, together with the charges for sto-
rage, &c.., is realized from the proceeds of the sale.
1 desire to say here, Mr. President, to avoid mis-
apprehension, that I am aware of the provision in
the tariff act of 1833, or the compromise act, as it
is called, requiring duties to bo paid m ready mo-
ney; but this provision did not go into effect until
the 1st of July, 1842: and by the same act all du-
ties were reduced to 20 per cent, on the same day,
while the more liberal provisions of the act of
1799, in respect to the storage of goods, if I am not
mistaken, remained in force. I also desire to say
that I have not overlooked the partial provision in
the act of 1832, requiring duties on woollens to be
paid in cash, or, if stored, exacting interest on the
duties.
The introduction of cash payments for duties,
though I believe it is generally conceded to have
operated favorably as far as the Government is
concerned, so much so that few, if any, are desi-
rous of disturbing it, at least by reinstating the old
system of ciedits, bears heavily on the mercantile
interest in comparison with the latter. The for-
bearance of payment by the Government was, in
practice, equivalent to a cash capital for the mer-
chant to the amount of the duties during the time
for which the credit or forbearance of payment
was granted. It was, unquestionably, a valuable
mercantile facility for those who had the benefit of
it, and the discretion to employ it judiciously.
But it had its public inconveniences, and it was
very properly abolished. It was, however, fore-
seen and foretold at the time the change was
made, that great hardship would be likely to result
from it, unless provision was made for storing
goods for a limited period, anjl forbearing during
that period to exact the payment of the duties.
But it is a singular fact—and one which is not
easil y to be accounted for on any principle of pub-
lic, utility or convenience—that when the extraor-
dinary and violent U'ansition took place from credits
to cash payments,the maximum tnne during which
merchandise was allowed to remain in store, before
a sale to realize the duties, instead of being en-
larged, as one would suppose it should have been,
or at least continue as it then existed, was actually
reduced, as has been seen, from nine months to
one-third of that period, and for most merchandise
toa still shorter lime. The change took place, too,
at the very moment when the rates of duty were
enormously increased on a large class of imports
from 20 per cent., the maximum under the Com-
promise act of 1833. . The stringent measure of
cash payment was rendered more stringent by a
simultaneous increase of the rates of duty, and by
depriving the importer, to a great extent, of the
facility of placing his goods in store, if the impor-
tation'should find him unprepared to paytheduties
in cash. This pnvilge, which under the system of
credits, was 8f no great practical benefit m exten-
sive operations, would, under the system of cash
payments, have been a facility of considerable
value to importers of moderate_means, and would
have enabled them to contend, in a limited field, at
least, with large capitalists, who, if general opinion
be true", have now engrossed, m a great measure,
the business of importation, and will continue to
do so,under existing laws, from their ability to fur-
nish readily the means of meeting the payment of
duties in cash on large cargoes. Still, if the time
allowed for merchandise to remain in store under
