998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June l$j
the act of 1799 had not been diminished, it would
have been too limited to accomplish all the objects
anticipated from a warehousing system, especially
so far as such a system may lead to the sto) age of
goods for exportation,
I will now state wherein the bid before the fecn-
ate proposes to amend existing laws, pointing out
as I proceed m what respects it will change the
practical operation ol thu present system ■, and I
shall conclude by a brief summary of the advanta-
ges expectcd to result fi om it. I have already said
that the bill is, with the exception of a few amend-
ments, a transcript of the 12th and 13th sections of
the act of 30th August, 1842; and in stating and
explaining the amendments, I shall cover all the
ground which is new.
The first amendment proposed, is to allow goods
to remain in store for a period not less than two,
nor more than three years, as Congress may deter-
mine, instead of sixty and ninety days, with the
privilege of withdrawing them at any time uuimg
that period on the payment of duties and charges.
This amendment embraces two new provisions:
1st, an extension of the time during winch goods
are permitted to remain in store; and 2d, a remis-
sion of the interest now exacted on the duties from
the date of the entry to the time of withdrawing
from the public stores the merchandise on which
they are charged. These piovisions are so dis- ;
tinct in character that it will be necessary to con- j
sider them separately. ;
1. As to the extension of time.—The Senate will .
perceive that the number of years during which :
the bill proposes to allow goods to remain in store, .
is left in blank- T will, at a proper time, move to
fill the blank with three years, though I am not '
authorized to say that I shall be sustained m this 1
motion by the judgment of the committee. There !
are, m my view of the subject, some strong con- 1
siderations in favor of selecting that period of time.
It is the period fixed by the British system, which
has been in successful operation for more than forty
years; and it may be reasonably supposed that, af- ,
ter so full a trial, it has been retained from consid- '
erations of its convenience for commercial purposes. :
But it is not for this reason alone. The term of I
three years is the period during which imported j
goods may, under existing laws, be entered for ex- j
portation with the privilege of drawback; and the i
term thus fixed m one case would seem to indicate 1
a proper limitation in the other; especially as sto- ,
ring goods for exportation will, in all probability,
become a very important and extensile bmnch of
business, if this bill should become a law. Should
the Senate be of the opinion that the term of three
years is too long, nnd that a shorter period is dic-
tated by any urgent considerations of public con-
venience or utility, I can only say that I shall sub- ,
nnt cheerfully to its better judgment, but with the j
strong hope that a less time than two yerus will |
not be thought of, as I am fully persuaded that it !
is the least which would be sufficient to accomplish
effectually the objects in view. Commercial and
financial reactions are not eupposfHl ord'nAuly to
run their course in much less time; and if that pe-
riod is allowed for goods to remjin in store, the
owner will be able to avoid the mconvemenre and /
loss on the one hand of rcoxporting them unneces-
sarily, and, on the other, the sacrifice of throwing
them upon the domestic market when the demand
is limited, or the ability to purchase hnpaiicd by "
derangements in the pecuniary or mercantile trans- :
actions of the country.
2. As to the remission of tht interest.—In iciest is
now exactcd on the duties from the date of the en-
try of the merchandise on which they aie charged .
to the time when the duties are paid. The pro- 1
posed amendment proceeds upon the prinnnlc of,
requiring the owner or importer of foreign mer-
chandise to pav the impost when the merrhondif>e
is wanted for consumption. If he pays the dunes
on the entry, and is compelled to keep the go' ds
on hand because he cannot sell them advanta-
geously- or without loss, the Government hos the
use of the money paid for the duties, though the
merchandise has not been used for the benefit of
the owner, while the latter is also paving or losing
interest on the amount of the duties he has ad-
vanced to the Government. In like manner, if a '
merchant imports goods, pays duties on the entry,
and is compelled to keep the goods on hand, they
become constantly enhanced in cost, not only by !
an accumulation ot interest on the purchase money, :
tout of interest on the duties. Cases of this de- <
! scription are undoubtedly of frequent occurrence;
; and J advert to them for the purpose of showing
i the iniquity, the illiberally, not only of exacting
■ the payment of duties before the merchandise on
which they are chargeable isrequired forconsump-
: tion, or before the importer can make any advan-
1 tageous use of it, but of exacting interest on the
duties also. The Government, by so doing, de-
| rives a profit from the merchant without any cor-
' responding benefit to the latter. Under the svs-
■ tem of credits, coeval with the foundation of the
Government, the merchant was allowed to take his
goods into Ins own possession, by giving security
for the payment of the duties, without interest, at
i a future day; and during the peiiod allowed for
! the credit to run, he could always dispose at least
| of a sufficient amount of the goods to meet the
, payment ot his bonds. It was, as I have already
: said, a most valuable pecuniary facility to the mor-
, cnntile community, though havingan inherent ten-
. dem-y to lun into excess, and to stimulate and ex-
! tend injuriously the operations of business. The
lemission of interest on duties, from the entry of j
! goods to the time when the duties are paid, does \
not, strict!y speaking, extend a facility to the im- '
porter or merchant. It merely abstains from im- J
posing, a burden—from exacting what is unreason- j
able and unjust—a profit to the Government with- '
out any corr^spondingadvantagetohim. It allows
. him to take his goods from the public stores when
| he wants them, by paying the charges of storage,
: &c., and the duties, without exacting interest on
, the latter for the period the goods have been in
store. The principle seems so obviously just that
' I will not pursue the argument further-
■ It may be proper to add, however, that the sys-
■ tem of cash payments proceeds upon the principle
of requiring 1 he importer to pay the duties when
the merchandise goes into his possession; and this
is the only material point in which it differs from
the old system of credits. The non-exaction of
interest on the duties doe? not affect this principle.
Impoited goods, as long as they aie deposited in
store, are a security to the Government for the
payment of the duties chargeable on them. The
payment of the impost is exactcd when the goods
are withdrawn, and go into the importer's posses-
sion; and thus the great principle on which the
system of cash payments proceeds is preserved
inviolate.
The observations I have made are confined to
the policy of extending the period of time during
which goods ;ire allowed to remain in the public '
stores, without calling for the payment of duties, I
and of allowing them to be withdrawn for con- !
sumption, or domestic use, on paving the charges
and the duties without interest. These points em- j
brace the whole of the first proposed amendment, i
I proceed now to the second amendment, which j
is to allow goods at any time during the period j
limited for keeping them m store, to be taken out j
for re-exportation on the payment of all charges. I
This amendment is a substitute for that part of the j
existing revenue system which exacts two and a ;
half per ccnt. on the amount of the duties paid by j
the owner of the merchandise when he imports it, i
and refunded to him when it is re-exported. The '
Government, in other words, m refundmg the du- ;
ties to the importer, retains two and a half per
ceni. of the amount for its own use. The amount
retained was originally one per cent., as may be
seen bv a reference to section 33 of the act of 31st
July, ITS'5, nnd section 57 of the act of the 4th
August. 1790. An addition of one quarter per
cent, was made by the act of March 19, 1798, as a
substitute for certain stamp duties on debentures,
which were repealed by the same act. And by
the a^t of 50th May, 1800, an addition of two and
o half per cent, was made for the same purpose;
so thnt the amount retained was at one time three
and thiee quarters per cent. But these provisions
were all superseded by the tariff act of 1816, which
reduced the deduction to two and a half per cent.
In 18:39 all deduction was abandoned: and from
that ttme until 1842 the whole amount of the du-
ties paid on the importation of foreign merchan-
dise was refunded on its exportation. But now,
by the 15th section of the act of 30th August,
1842, the amount of the deduction is fixed at two
and a half per cent., excepting in the re-exporta-
tion of foreign refined sugars, in which case the
amount retained is ten per cent, on the duties paid.
The amount thus deducted by the United States in
paying back the duties received on foreign mer-
chandise in case of its re-exportation, was origi-
nally, as is perceived, very-small, (but one per
cent.;) and the two second acts to which I have
referred—adding two percent, and three-quarters
to the amount as a substitute for stamp duties on
debentures—show that the object was to indemni-
fy the Government for the inconvenience and ex-
pense to which it Was subjected.
But the object is directly or indirectly shown by
all the early laws as well as the early reports in
respect to the revenue system.
Under existing laws there is no very perceptible
want of equity in this exactiorr, for the reason
that it does not take the form of a direct payment
to the Government. But, under the proposed bill,
I and /with the extension of the period allowed for
I keeping goods in store, the exaction of a payment
, equal to*the same proportion of the amount of
! duties chargeable on them in all cases, without
; reference to the time during which the goods have
been stored, would be illiberal and impolitic. The
exaction was designed, not as a source of revenue
to the Government, much less as a discourage-
ment to the re-exportation ofimported goods. Its
purpose was what I have stated—to indemnify the
Government for the inconvenience and expense of
administering the system of debentures. Under
any other view of the subject, it coufd only be
considered as an unreasonable imposition on com-
merce, and especially that branch of commerce
in which the country is so deeply concerned—the
carrying trade.
The bill under consideration proposes to lay
aside this exaction entirely, returning to the more
liberal provisions of former laws; and, as a substi-
tute for it, to require only the payment of the ac-
tual charges and expenses incurred while the
goods are stored. By this provision, the interest
of the Government will be fully protected, and the
chaiges paid by the importer will bear a just pro-
portion to the time he has enjoyed the benefit of
the legal provision under which his goods have
been held in store. Under the proposed system,
the exaction, if it were continued, would become
a mere premium paid to the Government for the
privilege of exporting foreign merchandise for
which there was no demand at home. -
If the cxaction were, as rt now is, in the shape-
of a deduction by the Government from duties ac-
tually paid, its true character would be less appa-
rent than when the exaction takes the form of arr
actual payment by the' importer on an estimated
amount of duties which the Government has never
received. The last case would always occur under
the proposed system, if it should be adopted, as-
the goods would lie in store without any payment
of duties; and in ease of re-exportation, it would
be necessary to assume as a basis the amount of
the duties which the merchandise would have paid
if it had been entered for domestic consumption,
and to exact from the owner the payment of a
given proportion of that amount as a charge for the
privilege of re-exporting it. Such a charge is
deemed an illiberal imposition on commerce; and
the bill, therefore, proposes to allow merchandise,
during the time it is permitted to remain in store,
to be withdrawn for exportation, under the exist-
ing legal provisions in respect to drawbacks, upon
a payment of actual expenses, including the cus-
tomary charge for storage.
The third amendment is one on which only a
single remark is necessary. The 12th section of
the act of 1842, provides for a sale of such quanti-
ties of the goods deposited in store as shall be ne-
cessary to pay the duties, and directs the goods
unsold to be restored; and if unclaimed for nine
months, they arc liable to be sold for storage under
section thirteen of the same act, after the expira-
tion of that period. The proposed amendment, for
obvious reasons, contemplates one sale of all the
goods at the expiration of the period allowed for
keeping them in store, and adopts the requirements
of section thirteen in respect to the formalities of
the sale, and the payment of the surplus of the
proceeds into the treasury of the United States for
the use of the owner. The propriety of making-
a final disposition by sale of all goods which have
been stored for the term of two or three years, in
case this period shall be fixed, is too manifest to
need illustration.
Another provision, which is entirely new, re-
quires a passing notice. Perishable goods are re-
quired to be sold forthwith, as under existing laws;
but with them are classed, for the purpose of an
