1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
999
immediate sale, gunpowder, fire-crackers, and ex-
plosive substances. _ The danger in large cities
from the accumulation of such substances, espe-
cially when deposited in the sarfte stores with prop-
erty of great value, is of such a nature as to de-
mand some effectual preventive. They are not
imported in large quantities, and there will be no
individual hardship in the few instances in which
a compulsory sale is likely to take place, at all
comparable with the risk w/iich would be incurred
by the public in admitting them to the benefit of
the Warehouse system.
^ I believe ' I have now stated the general provi-
sions of the proposed bill, and pointed out the
amendments it makes in existing laws. They may
be briefly summed up thus:
1. Merchandise maybe deposited, and remain
in" store two or three-years, instead of sixty or
ninety days, before selling it for the purpose of re-
alizing the duties.
2. Merchandise m&y be withdrawn from store,
at any time during the two or three years, for do-
mestic use or consumption, on the payment of
charges and duties, without exacting interest on
the latter from the date of the entry.
3. Merchandise may be entered for exportation
at any time during the two or three years, on the
payment of actual charges and expenses.
vThes£ are the leading provisions of the bill. It
has been a ruling consideration in framing it to
divest it of all complexity. It has been thought
proper to put it in the most simple form possible,
and to rely mainly for carrying into effect the new
provisions it contains on regulations to be framed
by the Treasury Department. These may be ac-
commodated to unforeseen circumstances, and exi-
gencies may thus be met which might be without
a remedy for a time, if all the details of the plan
were at the outset to he regulated by legal enact-
ments. The Secretary of the Treasury is, there-
fore, authorized to make such regulations, not in-
consistent with the "laws of the United States, as
may be necessary to give full cflbct to the provis-
ions of the act. As the plan is tried, and its
defects or its benefits become fully disclosed, the
det&il3 may be all placed upon the permanent foot-
ing of legal regulation, it is believed that the
course suggested will be deemed reconciloable with
the most scrupulous considerations of prudence,
when it is remembered that there is little in the
plan which is absolutely new, or which may not be
accomplished by a mere extension or a broader ap-
plication of existing provisions of law.
I shall now detain the Senate but a moment, in
stating some of the principal benefits anticipated
from the changes propdsea in the existing revenue
system.
The first and greatest benefit to the commercial
interest is the relief it will afford from the present
system, of exacting the payment of duties in cash,
on the completion of the entry of merchandise.
In one sense it may be contended, when compared
with the present system, that it is an extension of
a credit to the importer for the duties until he can
effect a sale of his goods. Strictly speaking, it is
but abstaining from an unreasonable exaciion; and
it is divested of all risk to the public, as the goods
will never be permitted to go into thoposscssion
of the owner until the duties are paid. It will
relieve him from the great hardship, which is com-
mon under the present system, of being forccd to
sell a portion of his goods, and sometimes in an
overstocked market, for the purpose of raising the
money to pay the duties. It will enable him to
pay the duties as he has the opportunity of dis-
posing of his goods for consumption, instead of
being compelled to borrow money, or sell his mer-
chandise at a loss, to raise it; and it will enable
men of moderate means to enter into competition
with large capitalists, who, as I have already suid,
monopolize to a great extent the business of im-
portation, through their ability to command money
to meet the payment of duties in cash. The pro-
posed change is entirely consistent with the prin-
ciple and the object of cash payments; and by
preventing forced sales of goods to raise money
for the payment of duties, it will often avoid an
overstock of the domestic market with foreign
merchandise to the prejudice of the importer, by
compelling him to sacrifice his property and of the
producer of domestic goods of like character, by
depressing prices. If we consider also that it will
be likely to enlarge the circle of competition in the
business of importation—not to augment the ag-
gregate amount of imports for consumption, but
to divide it among a greater number of persons—
it will not be difficult to perceive that the mer-
cantile interest must be greatly benefited by the
change.
The second benefit, though perhaps not second
in importance, to be anticipated from the proposed
measure, is the stimulus it will be likely to give to
the carrying trade by making our ports of entry
entrepots for the productions of all countries. Under
the present system, if imported merchandise is en-
tered for exportation, the duties are not refunded
until after the exportation has actually taken place.
Thus, if an importer, having brought merchandise
into the country for the domestic market, and hav-
ing paid the duties, finds at the end of one, two, or
three years no demand for it at home, and is com-
pelled to re-export it, he will have lost during that
period the use of the money he has paid for the
duties, and he is taxed in addition two and a half
per cent, on the whole amount so paid as a pre-
mium to the Government for the privilege of send-
ing his goods to a foreign market. No better
scheme could be devised either to glut the domestic
market by forcing the importer to throw his mer-
chandise into it at any price it will command, or,
on the other, to discourage navigation by taxing
the re-exportation of foreign merchandise, which
is not wanted at home. TTndcr the proposed plan,
foreign merchandise will be allowed to be freely
deposited in store, and to be re-exported as freely,
with no other imposition than the payment of ac-
tual expenses of storage, &c. One o"f the certain
conscquenccs of such a system must he to accumu-
late in our maritime towns a variety of the products
of other countiics, wheic our vessels can make up
assorted cargoes for foreign markets. This facility
has led to the (leposite in British ports of merchan-
dise designed for reshipment to tins southern por-
tions of this continent, and, indeed, to all quarters
of the globe. The value of foreign merchandise
deposited in the warehouses of Great Britain is
estimated at two hundred and fifty millions ofdol- :
lars. The proposed plan would have the same re- I
suit here, if like effects are to be expected from like !
causes. The clopopute of even a considerable pur- I
tion of such a quantity in value, made up, as much j
of it doubtless would bo, of goods -suitable to the ,
South American and Pacific markets, could not
fail to benefit and extend our navigating interest—
one of the most valuable in peace, and the most
important of all others to so commercial a commu-
nity as the United States as a means of defence in
war. That our carrying trade would be vastly
increased; that shipbuilding would be stimulated;
that many foreign markets# would be supplied,
!| wholly or in part, by us with nWchandiHO now
i' furnished from the warehouses of Europe; that the
;j industry of our seaports would he put in greater
': activity; that the commercial transactions of the
11 country would be facilitated; and that a healthier
jj competition would be created in the business of
i! importation, can hardly be doubted. Such, at
least, is the opinion of the mercantile community,
and so believing, it is natural that they should look
with great interest to the concunence of the Senate
to a measure which appears to them mo intimately j
j connected with the prosperity of the country. j
; And finally, Mr. President, if uniform prices and
steady markets are, as we are taught to believe,
| advantageous to the producing classes, the manu-
| factoring interest, next to the commercial, is likely j
i to be most benefited by the proposed measure,
! through supplies of merchandise near at hand,
i ready to meet sudden and unusual demands, thus
i preventing a transient scarcity from becoming the
i basis of speculation, and furnishing an additional
; safeguard against those derangements which are
! always the most injurious to steady industry,
i Mr. HUNTINGTON signified his desire to ad-
! dress the Senate on the subject.
And on motion its further consideration was
: postponed until Wednesday next.
| The following is a copy of the entire bill and the
■ proposed amendments, in which the words pro-
; posed to be erased are placed within brackets [ J,
i and those proposed to be inserted are placed in
italics:
Be it enacted, fyc., That the twelfth section of the act enti-
tled " An act to provide revenue from sports,and to change
and modifv existing laws imposing duties ou imports, and for
other purposes." approved the thirtieth day of August, one
thousand eight' hundred and forty-two, is hereby amended
go as hereafter to read as follows:
Sec. 12. *dnd be it farther enacted, That, on and after the day
this act goes into operation, the duties on all imported goods*
wares, or merchandise shall be paid in cash : Provided, Tha
iri all cases of failure or negleetto pay the duties [on comple-
tion of the entry,] within the period allotced by law to the im-
porter to make entry thereof, or whenever the own er, ini porier,
or consignee shall*[so request by an application.] make entry
for warehousing the same, in writing, in such foim and sup-
ported hi such proof as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of
the Treasury, the said goods, wares, or merchandise shall be
taken possession of by the collector, and deposited m the
public stores, or m other stores to be agreed on by the collector
or chief revenue officer of the port, and the importer. owner,
or consignee; the said stores to be [and] secured in the man-
ner provided for by the first section of the act of the twen-
tieth day of April, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen,
entitled "An act providing for the deposite of wines and
distilled spirits in public warehouses, and for other pur-
poses," there to be kept with due and reasonable care, at
the charge and risk of the owner, importer, consignee, or
agent, and subject at all tunes to their order, upon the pay-
ment of the proper duties and expenses, to be ascertained on
due entiv thereof. And in ease the owner, importer, con-
signee, or agent, of any goods on which the duties, have not
been paid, shall give to'the collector satisfactory security that
the said goods shall be landed out of the jurisdiction of the
[Jnited States in the manner now required by existing laws
relating to exportations for ihe benefit of drawback, the col-
lector and naval officer, if any, on an entry to re-export the
same, shall, upon payment of*the appropriate expenses, per-
mit the said good-*, under the inspection of the proper offi-
ce)?, to bo shipped without the payment of any duties there-
on. And in case any goods, wares or merchandise, deposit-
ed u> aforesaid, shall remain in public store beyond three
\ears, without payment of the duties and charges thereon,
then said goods, wares, or merchandise, shall be appraised
hy the opprmsers of the United States, if there be any at stick
}>>rt< and, if none, then ly the inert hants to be designated and
1 s'voiii lu the collector for that purpose, and sold by the collect-
; or at public auction, on due public notice thereof being first
t given, iu ihe manner and for the time to be prescribed by a
| general regulation of the Treasury Department: and at said
! pn blie sale distinct printed catalogues descriptive ofsaid goods,
! with the appraised value affixed thereto, shall be distributed
} among the persons present at said sale; and a reasonable op-
! portiinuv fliall bo given before such sale to persons desirous
j of purchasing, to inspect the quality of such goods; and the
! proceeds of muiI sales, after deducting the usual rates of stor-
j aye at the poi t in question, with all other charges and expen-
! ses, including duties, shall be paid over to the owner, import-
' er, consignee, or agent, and proper receipts taken for the
same : Ptovulcdi That the overplus, if any there be, of the
proceeds of such sales, after the payment of storage, charges,
expenses, and duties a« aforesaid, remaining unclaimed for
the spaee of ten days after such sale3, shall be paid by the
collector into the Treasury of the United States; and the
said collector shall transmit to the Treasury Department,
with the said ovciplus, a copy of the inventory, appraise-
ment, and account of sales specifying the marks, numbers,
and desei iptionx of Ihe packages sold, their contents, anil ap-
praite-l value, the name of the vessel and master in which
and of the poit or place whence they were imported, arid
the time when, and the name of the person oi peisons to
whom said goods were consigned in the manifest, and the
duties and charges to u-hich the several consignments were
respectively subject; and the receipt or certificate of the col-
lector shall exonerate the master or person having charge or
command oF'any ship or vessel in which said goods, wares,
or merchandise were imported, from all claim of the owner
or owners thereof, tvho shall nevertheless, on due proof of
their interest, he entitled to receive from the treasury the
amount of any overplus paid into the same under the provi-
sions of thisaet: Provided, That so much of the fifty-sixth
section of the general collection law of the second of March,
seventeen hundred and ninety-nine, and the thirteenth sec-
tion of the act of the thirtieth of August, eighteen hundred
and fortv-tvvo, to piovide revenue from imports, and to
change and. modify existing laws imposing duties on ilu-
pous, andfor other pui poses, as conflicts with the provisions
of this net, shall he and is hereby repealed, excepting that
nothing contained m this act shall be construed to extend
1 the time now prescribed by law for selling unclaimed goods:
! Provided, also, That all goods of a perishable nature, and
i ail gunpowder, fire-crackers, and explosive substances, de-
i posited as aforesaid, shall be sold forthwith.
; Sec. 2. Jiml be it. further enacted, That the Secretary of
> the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to make,/rora
| time to time, such regulations, not inconsistent with the"
' laws of the United Slates, as may be necessary to give full
] effect to the provisions of this act, and secure a just accoimt-
t ability under the same.
\ On motion of Mr. FAIRFIELD, the Senate
j proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
| ness; and, after some time spent therein,
The Senate adjourned till Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 19,1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE SECRET SERVICE FUND.
Mr. BR1NKERH0FF rose to move to take up
the resolution heretofore offered by him, (and
which, by a vote of the House, had been laid on
the table,) providing for the printing of all the tes-
timony accompanying the report of the select com-
mittee appointed to investigate the charges made
by C. J. ingersoll against Daniel Webster.
Objections were made; and some conversation
followed as to the mode in which the object could
be attained, &c., when
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved a suspension of
