1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
the rules, to enable him to offer a resolution, and
asked the yeas and nays, which were ordered; and,
beinsj taken, resulted as follows:
YEA&—Messrs. Anderson, Boyd, Brinkerhotf. William
G. Brown, Cathcaif, Chase, Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Cum-
mins, Cunningham, Edsall, Eidmun, Faran, Garuis,Gordon,
Harmans,on, Henley, Hoge, Hopkins, George> ►. Houston,
Hungerford, James B- Hunt, Jenkins, Ja . II. Jolui&on, Jos.
Johnson, Kennedy. Pic&ton King, La Saie, Mac-lay,Mc-
Clean, McClelland, McClei nand, J.J. MeDow ell, 8. Martin,
Moulton. Niven, Norris, Owtm, Payne, PerriH, Reid, Rittei,
Russell, Sawtelie, Savvvei, Scainmon, Thomas Smith, Stan-
fon, Staikweather, Strong, James Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Tibbatt-?, Wick, Williams, ami Yost—57.
NAYS—Mosses. Abbott, Stephen Adams, Ashman, Bell,
Bi£g>, Brodhead, Buftington, Burt, William W. Campbell,
John PI. Campbell, Carioll, John G. Cliapman, Cocke,
ColJamei, Cranston, Crozier, Culvor, Dar<*an, Dixon, Dob-
bin, Dockcry, Ellsworth, John II. Evvim*, Foot, Gentiy, Gid-
dings, Goodyear, Graham, Hampton, Haipn, iitlHnrd, EHas
B. Holmes, Samuel D. Hubbard, Fludsoii, Washington Hunt,
George W. Jones, Daniel P. King, Leake, Leib, Lewis,
Ligon, Long. MeGaughev, McHenry, Mellvaine, McKay.
Marsh, Moseiey, Pen y, Pollock Ramsey, Julius Rockwell, J.
A. Rockwell, Root, Ruuk, Schenck, Seaman, Seddon, L.
H. Suns, Simpson, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Stewart, Strohm, Benjamin Thompson, Towns,
Tiedvvay, Tiumbo, Vmton, Wheaton. White, Wintmop,
Woodruff, Woodward, Yancey, and Young—77.
So the rules were not suspended.
THE DEBATE ON THE TARIFF.
Mr. McKAY rose and said that he proposed to j
offer a resolution fixing the day when the debate }
on the revenue bill should be brought to a close. I
He presumed that both aides of the House would !
assent to a pioposition of that kind. He offered, |
therefore, the following resolution, on which he
demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of
the Whole House on the state of the Union on the
bill of the House reducing; the duties on imports,
und for other purposes, shall cease on the 30th in-
stant, at twelve o'clock meridian, (if the committee
shall not sooner come to a conclusion upon the
same;) and the committee shall then proceed to
vote on such amendments as may be pending, or
offered to the same, and shall then report it to the
House, with such amendments as may have been
agreed to by the committee.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON suggested to Mr. McIC vy
to withdraw his demand for the previous question,
to admit an amendment, fixing Saturday, the 27th,
at twelve o'clock, instead of Tuesday, the 30th.
The SPEAKER said no debate was in order,
the previous question having been called.
Mr. COLLAMER suggested that there was no
necessity for the previous question, as the resolu-
tion was not, under the rules, debatable.
The SPEAKER said it was true the resolution
was not debatable. But the previous question, if
called, had the effect of cutting off amendments.
Mr. McKAY said he would withdraw the de-
mand to enable the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] if he thought proper, to offer the amend-
ment he had suggested.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON accordingly offered his 1
amendment, and renewed the demand for the pre- i
vious question. 1
Mr. JOHN II. EWING inquired of the Speaker !
whether the resolution was iri older without*a sus- '
pension of the rules ? j
The SPEAKER said it was always in order to ;
offer such a resolution.
Mr. POLLOCK moved that the resolution and
amendment be laid on the table. i
Mr. HENLEY asked the yeas and nays; which !
were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Mossr?. Abbott, John Clniney Anderson, i
A&nmun, Bainnsrei, Blanchaid, Rrouhead. JJutfrnanm. Wij- I
ham W. Campbell, Carroll, John C2. Chapman. 'Cinpinnn. i
Cocke, CoHamei, Cidnafni, Oto/a.'.r, C'ii\.'i, Delano, Do
Molt, Dsvon, Dockcry, Ed-s ill, EliMvottu. John ]£. Ewmir. •
Edwin H. E'.vnig, Foot, G.irvin, Gent!}, Gidding-. Good- ;
year, Giah.im, Hamlin, lUmptoo. Jl.irmanson? Haiper. '
Milliard, EUas B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D. !
Hubbard, Hudson, Ilungerford, Waking-ton limit. J,uue< ■
B. Hunt. Hunter, Jenkins, James R. John-ori, Daniel P. '
Kzng, Thomas, Butiei King, Leib, Lewis, Lison, Lonjf, ''
Maciav, MeOlcan, ]\Ir Ganghey, MeHemv, "HoTivainr. '
Marsh, Moselej, Moulton, Niven, Norns, Parrii-h, }\'u nc1' 1
Pendleton, Pejry, Pilisbury, pollock, Ilamse\, lUth'imm I
Killer, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Rone, Rank, 1
Sawtelie, Schenck, Seaman, Seddon, Truman Smith, Albert
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stewait, Strohin. Stiong, Thum- '
a=^on, Benjamin Thompson, James Thompson, "Tibbatts 1
Tilden, Triimbo, Vinton, White, Wnuhrop, Woorfi-uti'
Younu, and Yost—97. J ,
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Brt], Briton, Bi^s, '
James Black, Bowhri, Boyd, Brockenhioush, William" G !
J£h  lL C^u?ibe11' Cathcart.~Cliase, Clarkej 1
tjbb, Colim, Cui/om, Cummins, Cumungham, Daniel
Dargan, Jelier^on Davis, Dobbin, Dunlap, Erdmun, Far an J
Fiekhn, Goidon, Haralson, Henley,Hosje, Isaac E. Holme*,
' Hopkins, Geoige S. Houston, Joseph Johnson, George W.
, Jones. Seaborn Jones, Kennedy, La Sere, Lumpkin, Mc-
1 Olelland, WcCiprnand, McCrate, Joseph J. McDowell, Ja«.
I McDowell, McKay, Barklev Martin, Morris, Owen, Reid,
' Sawyer, Scammon, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sim-^,
Simpson, Thomas Smith, Stanton. Stephens, St John. Jacob
• Thompson, Towns, Tredwav, Wheaton, Wick, Williams,
; Woodward, and Yancey—557.
| So the resolution and amendment were laid oil
j the table.
| On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
i itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
' the Union, (Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, in the chair,)
i and resumed the consideration of the bill to reduce
j the duty on imports, and for other purposes.
' Mr. YOUNG addressed the committee, being
entitled to the floor from yesterday. He said he
should coniine himself to the subject under debate,
and not sutfer himself to be drawn off into a war
speech. He had voted for the supply bill; but,
like some other gentlemen, he had " gone it blind,"
for he did not know of the causes which led to it.
•Since then he understood the matter somewhat i
better; and he would now say that, were the vote ■
to be siven a ain, he would cast it in the same j
direction. It was enough for him to know that !
American blood had been shed; he cared not |
whether on American or on Mexican soil. This i
was not the proper time for animadversions on the
Administration. Let us first conquer a peace in
Mexico; then would be the time to g-o into an in-
vestigation of the causes of the contest, and if it
could be clearly shown that the President had been
justly chargeable with wantonness or imbecility,
let him be held to a just responsibility. Until then
he hoped that not one of his political friends would
find fault. While we were prosecuting the con-
test, let us present an unbroken phalanx to the foe,
and march up with unanimity and spirit to meet
and to subdue our enemies. Let us show to the
world thai, at least on one occasion, wo could rise
above the feelings of party, and let patriotism have
its unbiassed sway. Having said this much, he
was done with the war question.
Mr. Y., in now addressing himself to the tariff
question, began by observing that he was almost
wholly unaccustomed to public speaking, and it
was the first time he had addressed the House
since being honored with a seat on that floor. The
question presented for consideration was one of a
consequence at least as great as that of peace or i
war. He might surely be pardoned if, under such ;
circumstances, he felt some embarrassment. His
spnse of responsibility was still further increased
I'V a fear lest, in the attempt to change the existing j
policy of the country, the dominant party should -
be unhappily successful, and the energies of the '
country once more prostrated. He wished to ap-
peal to" those who held the destiny of the country
at their disposal to suffer the tariff to remain as it !
was. What more did they seek in the public pros- •
penty? Was not every branch of home industry, '
was not all the business of the community pros- 1
pering under the powerful impulse it had received !
from theadnplion of the present wise policy? Mr. '
Y. was astonished at the doctrine which he saw ■
put forth by a high functionary of the Government,
and reiterated here by a member of the Committee
of Ways and Means—he meant the false and fal-
lacious doctrine that a reduction of the rate of du-
ties would produce an increase in the revenue.
Such was the opinion of Air. Robett J. Walker, put
foith by linn under all the solemnity of his public
marion; and yet it was an opinion which conflicted
with common sense, and was contradicted by the
history of the country. Look, for example, at the
course taken by Congress in 1318. The country
was then just emerged from an expensive war; the ,
treasury had been drained, and a public debt con- j
traded to the amount of one hundred and thirty
millions; the Government wanted vast revenue to j
replenish the empty treasury: and what course did i
it pursue? Did it reduce duties? .lust the con-1
irary. It proceeded 011 fhe common sense princi-
ple that it was necessary to raise the tariff in order !
to increase the revenue. I11 1824 many of the i]
same men were still in Congress who had been '!
members m 1816. The increase in 1816 proving j
insufficient to meet the necessities of the Govern- 1
raent, they resorted to a second augmentation of
the tariff, and the same result ensued in an increase
of the revenue. In process of time this, too, was ]'■
found insufficient; and in 1828 the same process ;j
was repeated, and the Government was relieved i|
from an amount of debt which lay like an incubua
upon the country. These were facts, and known
and incontrovertible: and they stood in onen con-
tradiction to the doctrine of Mr. Robert J. 'Walker.
With all due submission, Mr. Y. must be permit-
, ted to think that historical facts were sufficient to
! outweigh the opinion of that high functionary, as
{ well as that put forth yesterday by a gentleman
i from the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. S.
' Jokes.]
Mr. Y. did not intend to discuss the objection
which had been urged against the protective policy
from the Constitution of the United States. He
left that argument to those gentlemen who knew
so well how to twist the Constitution to suit their
own purposes. It was enough for him-to know
that the policy of protecting our domestic indus-
try had sprung up in the country with th'e Consti-
tution itself. The policy had been established as
early as 1789. None of those -who had framed the
! Constitution put forth the least objection to it.
! Men of all parties concurred in assenting to it.
! Alexander Hamilton on one- side, and Thomas
! Jefferson on the other, were perfectly agreed on
j this subject. And from 1789 to 1816, a long sue-
I cession of different laws were passed by Congress,
j of which the avowed object was protection. Du-
j ring all this period of time there were in the leg-is-
! lative und executive departments of the Govern-
I ment many of those who had been members of the
j Convention that formed the Constitution, and not
1 a whisper was heard from any one of them against
the constitutionality of those laws. In 1816, wher?
the tariff was raised for the avowed purpose of
protection, every argument was employed that
could possibly be devised by the opponents of the
system, and yet not a man was heard to suggest
that it was unconstitutional. It was not till 1824,
when the framers of the Constitution -were all in
their graves, that a new light on this subject burst
upon the world. It was then for the first time
suggested that perhaps the spirit of the Constitu-
tion was opposed to the levying of the protective
duties. In 1832, the opposition assumed a bolder
tone, and urged the constitutional objection with
as much confidence as if it had been venerable
from age. The opposition to the protective policy
which then manifested itself with such determined
fury, was the twin-sister of nullification. The
same gentleman who urged the one devised the
other; and at the same time that it was so strenu-
ously held that protection was unconstitutional, 'it
was proposed by the same persons to dissolve the
Union.
Passing by this branch of the subject, Mr. Y.
should attempt to discuss the protective policy, not
on the ground of visionary speculation, but of
plain every-day fact. He should base his reason-
ing on facts which 110 sophistry could evade. The
whole history of the country might be cited in evi-
dence of the effect of protection, as well as of the
want of it. We had made experiment of the con-
sequences of free trade before the Constitution was
adopted, and what were the fruits? He need not
enumerate them; let the history of the times an-
swer. On the other hand, our history contained
equal evidence of the practical effects of protection.
Who could forget the condition in which we were
placed during the last war? The painful remem-
brance was yet fresli on every American heart.
When the war came upon us, we had not either
arms or munitions for its prosecution, nor were we
in a condition to manufacture them for ourselves.
But v.-it'a the war came, of necessity, legislative
protection to our own industry. The war operated
as an effectual prohibition of competition from
abroad. The system of American manufactures
sprung up at once, and was soon found to give em-
ployment to all our people. Before that war was
ended sixty millions of dollars had been invested
in various branches of manufactures, dispersed
over the whole face of the country, diffusing pros-
perity and happiness in every direction. Protec-
ted by the continuance of the war, which secured
to them the undisputed possession of our own mar-
ket, all who were engaged in them soon became
prosperous, industrious, inventive, and happy.
Would to God that the same state of things could
have been continued when peace came! But it
was ordered otherwise. The Congress of 1816
refused to impose high duties. The interests of
the manufacturers began gradually to languish and
decline. The business of the country was pros-
trate, and distress soon began to spread into every
