1846,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1001
town and hamlet of the land. None were so rich
as to escape the general declension;, none so poo.r
as not, under its baleful influence, to become doubly
miserable. Many of those who had honestly be-
lieved and strenuously advocated free trade theo-
ries, surrendered their notions to the convincing
power of fact and experience, and openly sub-
scribed to the doctrine of Mr. Jefferson, who had
the candor to say that lie(-had found manufactures
to be necessary to the independence of the couu-
tlT; . These men learned wisdom in the hard school
of bitter experience. Memorials began to pour
thick and fast into Congress, presenting the most
appalling picture of the public distresses. So strong
were these representations, and so commanding the
voice which proceeded from the people, that Con-
gress at length yielded, and passed what might
justly be called the benign tariff of 1824. The
effect was immediately felt in the rapid return of
general prosperity.
If any man wan ted to see a practical commentary
on the practical effects of free trade and of protec-
tion, let him contrast the condition of this country
in and in 1824. Mr. Clay had eloquently de-
scribed the gloom and deep pervading darkness
which covered the community, under the one sys-
tem, and contrasted it with the awakening light, of
hope and enterprise and general prosperity which
cheered our people under the opposite system. Let
gentlemen go to the statistics of those two years,
and they would place the truth in a clearer light
than any power of human eloqucncc. So appal-
ling bad been- the distress which prevailed in Penn-
sylvania during the year 1819, that committees of
inquiry were appointed in both branches of the
Legislature to investigate the causes of so melan-
choly a result. 1 The result of these inquiries as-
certained that real estate, in that ancient Com-
monwealth, had fallen in value one hundred and
fifteen millions of dollars, and the committee of the
Senate reported that during the year the suits at
law were fourteen thousand; the judgments ob-
tained more than ten thousand; and'that there were
eighteen hundred imprisonments for debt in the
city of Philadelphia alone. In fact, suits, execu-
tions, mortgages, forfeitures, imprisonments, and
the utter ruin of families had become the order of
the day. Nor was this state of things confined to
Pennsylvania alone. It existed, almost to the same
extent, in Kentucky, and in many other States of
the Union. Had a similar investigation beeu made,
the same appalling returns must have been made,
• over a great portion of the country. No wonder
the cries of the people came up for relief. And
Mr. Y. would now call on the Democratic Repre-
sentatives from Pennsylvania, and solemnly press
upon them the. question, whether they were pre-
pared to bring black upon their constituents the
dark scenes of 1819. Would they make such a
sacrifice its this for the privilege of clambering on
the footstool of Executive power ? He knew there
was at least one honorable exception.
Mr. BRODHEAD here interposed, to say that
the distress which prevailed , in Pennsylvania in
1819 was owing to the ravages of the paper-money
system, and to fhe vast number of banks which
had been chartered in 1814, the baleful influence of
whose issues was noufully developed till the fatal
year of 1819.
Mr. YOUNG, resuming, said that he had long
observed that in all our political controversies, be
they of what nature they might, the banks were
constantly made scapegoats, on which were laid all
the evils of the country.
Great as the prosperity of the country had proved
under the tarift'of 1894, it was not suffered to last.
The southern States refused to obey the law. The
infamous doctrines of nullification were broached
and sedulously propagated, until at length our
happy Union was seriously threatened. Then it
•Hras that that great and eminent statesman, who
deserved so richly the honorable title of the Father
of the American System, consented to sacrifice his
own offspring to avert the horrors of civil war.
With a sublime moderation, he tempered the angry
spirit which had been raised, and soothed it by
agreeing to the Compromise act. His object was
attained. Civil war was avoided, but the conse-
quences of the compromise were written in. tears i
and blood. Hence came the awful distress of 1837.
A fearful revulsion took place in our business
affairs. The scenes of 1819 were again revived.
General distrust prevailed, and suits were multi-
plied, until the business of the country was so
prostrated that it was no longer worth while to sue.
As to its practical use and enjoyment, property be-
came valueless. Notwithstaniiingthehigh prosperi-
ty which had prevailed in 1824 and 1825, when the
revulsion of 1837 came, all were found to be in debt.
As a mitigation of the general misery, many of the
western States passed relief laws, forbidding prop-
erty to be sold under two-thirds of its value. This
operated in some degree to prevent the general ruin
which would otherwise have ensued. But if Amer-
ican labor had been protected in due time, no such
legislative interference would have been required.
Mr. Y. had thus, in a very hurried manner, gone
through an outline of the past experience of the
country under the opposite systems of free trade
and protection. In the face of these facts, what
was now demanded? That Congress should once
more make the experiment of a reduction of the
tariff, with a view to the increase of revenue.
The advocates of free trade contended that legis-
lation should be alike for the benefit of all; and
that it was the inevitable effect of protection to tax
the many for the benefit of the few. This was the
assertion, but its truth had never yet been proved.
When this could be unanswerably demonstrated,
Mr. Y. would be prepared at once to surrender the
policy; for he hoped he should be the last man in
that hall who would advocate so monstrous a
scheme as that of taxing the community at large
for the benefit of a small and privileged class. He
proceeded on a principle directly the opposite, and
was the decided advocate of the existing tariff, be-
cause he believed, in all sincerity, that it worked
to promote the benefit of all classes of the commu-
nity. _ The friends of protection were told that any
duty increased pric.es, and was so much taken out
of the pocket of the consumer and put into that of
the producer. They held that it was so plain that
a child might see it; that the duty was asked that
it might be added to the price. Mr. Y. readily
granted that a child might sec, who knew anything
of ciphering, that if fifty cents were added to a dol-
lar, it mode it a dollar and a half. But was an
arithmetical problem like this the great and absorb-
ing problem of legislative protection > Had their
constituents sent gentlemen here to work so pro-
found a sum as this? If that was all, they might
as well return to their homes, and leave the busi-
ness of legislation to Babbidge's arithmetical ma-
chine. But it was the duty of legislators to look
a little deeper than arithmetic, and to raise their
eyes from a schoolboy's slate to the living world
around them. It belonged to a statesman to take
a calm and practical view of things as they existed.
To investigate facts, and to judge from them wheth-
er an increase of the tariff reduced prices or aug-
mented tliem. They had to do with things, not
figures.
Mr. Y. might adduce a thousand examples to
show the practical truth of the doctrine he main-
tained; for it would be demonstrated by the histo-
ry of almost any article that we were able to make,
and which was protected by an adequate duty.
He would select but two. He would take the arti-
cle of window glass. Before the manufacturer of
this article was protected, it cost the consumer
twelve dollars a box. A very heavy duty was
laid upon it, which, according to gentlemen's the-
ory, ought largely to have increased its price, when,
behold, the price fell to three dollars! Whose
theory did this establish? According to the the-
ory of free trade, here was a result perfectly mys-
terious and unaccountable. On the principles of
protection, the thing was perfectly plain. As soon
ns the duty imposed secured a market to the Amer-
ican manufacturers of glass, they went to work
with all their force, each seeking his own profit,
and alt free to make and sell it as they could,
when the astonishing power of competition soon
effected this great reduction in price.
Another article Mr. Y. would adduce was that
of coarse Cottons. Before these were protected,
they cost the consumer twenty-five cents a yard.
A protective duty was hid upon them of 125 per cent.
From that moment the price began to decline, and
ran down lower and lower, till now an article of a
better quality could be purchased in market at six
and a half cents.
The gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Jones,] who
had addressed the House yesterday, had com-
plained of these high jSrfttective duties as most
onerous and oppressive. What an oppressive bur-
den it was that the people should get an article for
which they used to pay twenty-five cents for six
and a quarter cents! Onerous, indeed! The misfor-
tune was, that gentlemen could not make the peo-
ple think so; they could not believe that adding a
tax of thirty, cents on a yard of cotton that cost
twenty-five cents would bring it up to six and a
quarter cents. They could not be made to see how
the tax was added to the price, and so much more
taken out of their pockets. Eloquently as the free
trade gentlemen might reason, they could not per-
suade a common-sense farmer that hp paid fifty-
five cents for a yard of cotton, when his purse told
him that he paid but six and a quarter. Then there
was the. article of cotton sheeting, on which a heavy
duty was laid in 1816, and which under that duty
had fallen to a price low enough, he presumed, to
suit South Coroiina herself. That species of goods,
under a very heavy duty, had fallen to eight and
three-quarter cents. Was this oppression? Did
this grind the people down and make them groan
for the benefit of a few pampered manufacturers5
They could not get the people to believe so. Let
but the facts of the case be set plainly before them,
and their common sense would very soon discover
that protection had been to them a practical bless-
ing, and, instead of calling out to their Representa-
tives to relieve their crushing burdens, they would
rather pray them to pour out many more such
curses upon them. He might refer gentlemen to
the article of satinets. In 1823 the price of these
goods was ninety cents a yard; in 1830, it was
fifty cents. If the advocates of free trade choose to
dress themselves in a poorer commodity, and pay
for it a higher price, let them do so; but'do not take
from the poor man the opportunity of clothing him-
self and his family in a better article at a lower
price. Mr. Y. rather thought that while the peo-
ple felt the daily effect of protection upon all their
affairs, they could not be brought to listen to
dreamers.
Mr. Y. would here say to the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Jones,] who thought the duties laid
by the tariff of '42 such a grievous oppression
upon the people, that in regard to every article
which could be made in this country, and which
was protected by a high duty, the purchaser did
, not pay one cent of that duty. The iron, for ex-
, ample, which was manufactured in Pennsylvania,
! did not cost the purchaser a penny for duty, for
the simple reason that no duty was paid upon it.
If a housekeeper bought a piece of cotton and a
piece of sheeting, did she pay any tax on the
goods? Mr. Y. averred that she .did not pay one
cent. No man in our .community did in point of
fact pay any tax but the wealthy individual-who
chose to dress himself in foreign goods, for whom
American satinets and American cloth was not
good enough, but whose aristocratic limbs must be
covered with French cassimere, and whose wife
and daughters must be arrayed for the party iu
imported silks and satins. The voluptuary paid
tax that could not be satisfied without foreign wines
and brandies.
Mr. JONES here interposed to say that our poor
people were not able to pay for foreign goods be-
cause thev were taxed so high.
Mr. YOUNG replied that it was evident the
gentleman had not been able to understand him.
He had just stated facts to prove that the protec.
tive tariff, instead of raising the prices on the poor
man, had given him his cottons at one quarter of
1 what he formerly paid. It was the poor man pre-
j eminently who was relieved by the practical work-
| ing of the system. As matters now stood, he
1 might, if content with American manufactures,
clothe himself and his children, and pay nothing to
the support of Government. If anybody hail to
complain of taxes, it was not the poor man, hut
his rich and luxurious neighbor. The glory of
the system was, that the tax was voluntary. No
iron-hearted tax-gatherer presented his "griping
hand and his imperious demand at the hamlet of
the poor day-laborer, but men were left free to
purchase, according to their means; and such means
as they had were rendered, under this benign sys-
tem of protection, of more than double value. This
system had prevailed from the foundation of. the
Government, and nothing but blessings had marked
its course.
The advocates of free trade were constantly an-
swering the friends of protection with this argu-
ment. If you can make goods so much better and
cheaper than we got them before, and so much bet-
ter and cheaper than they can be imported, then
you need no protection. This to them seemed an
