1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
unanswerable argument; but the answer was plain.
We could meet" and could compete with foreign
manufacturers when placed on fair and equal
grounds; but they did not stand on equal grounds.
The one was a child, the other a strong and full-
grown man. The vast manufacturing resources
of England had been increasing and accumulating
for a century, and she was now in possession of
machinery which was able to do the work of two
millions of human laborers. The manufactures of
America had indeed increased with astonishing
rapidity, but they weie not yet in a condition to
compete without protection with the vast capital
and machinery of Great Britain. Abolish all pro-
tection, and England would soon flood us with
such vast quantities of her manufactures, sold at a
sacrifice to effect a special object, as would effectu-
ally break down all our comparatively feeble man-
ufacturing institutions, until at length the threat of
a British statesman would come to be realized
among us, who said that he would not let the col-
onies make so much as a hobnail. We should
then be virtual colonies to Great Britain, and the
threat might be almost literally fulfilled. The !
British manufacturers, with their extensive rc- :
sources, could sustain themselves for a time by i
selling three-fourths of what they made in their !
own market, and therefore could afford to send the
remaining fourth here and sell it at a price that
would accomplish the object of breaking us down.
Let our statesmen unite in this design, (and some-
thing not unlike it seemed to be a favorite objcct
with Mr. Walker,) and then what would become
of our own mechanics—of our hatters, our tailors,
and our blacksmiths9 (Tn referring to our tailors
he meant nothing invidious to the gentleman from
Tennessee.) Besides, after England had accom-
plished this, and destroyed all competition on this
side of the water, what would she do next? She
would do what was very natural—she would raise
the prices to the former standard. Before the con-
sumer got his goods, he must pay the first cost m
England, the taxes there, and all the cost of trans-
portation. And supposing the material to be pro-
duced here, as was the case with coarse cottons,
before the poor man could get a yard of cotton for
his wife, which he now got at six-and-a-quarter
cents, he would have to pay the price of the cotton
in Carolina, the taxes on its admission into Eng-
land, the cost of transportation out, the cost of
manufacture in England, the profit of the British
manufacturer, the tax to the English Government,
the profit of the British merchant, the cost of
transportation home, and, lastly, the profit of the
American merchant. Would hv get his yard of
cotton for six-and-a-quartcr cents? Let the gen-
tleman from Georgia answer. Instead of six-and-a-
quarter cents, it would probably return to the old
price of twenty-five cents, and well for us if it
stopped even there.
Mr. Y. asked every American farmer who con-
sumed imported goods from England to remember
that, so far as he did this, he paid his quota to-
wards the support of British royalty and magnifi-
cence. And now he would ask those free trade
gentlemen, who hud no lonii sung in our ears the
oid song, taxing the many for the benefil of the
few, whether they were not humbugging the many
for tlie benefit of the f-w ?
Heie Mr. Y. said he should be obliged to ppss
over many things which he had upon his notes,
on which his limited time would not suffer him to
dwell. He had shown thus far how the farmer ,
was benefited by a protective tariff on the price of j
the goods he wore and daily used. He would now i
show how that system benefited him in another
way.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Jon-t^n] had j
introduced, with an air of ti mmph, the reduction m ;
the British corn laws, and seemed to consider it as
a conclusive argument in favor of free trade; and
the gentleman went on to say, that the effect of j
that measure would be to benefit the American
farmer by giving him a British market for his ,
grain. This argument was all a perfect fallacy. !
Did not that gentleman know that before the com
laws were abolished, England could get wheat
cheaper from the Baltic under a high tax than she
could get wheat from the United "States under a .
low tax ? Did he not know (ceitainly his position
required him to know) that, although American
wheat paid a duty of eight shillings sterling, while ■
wheat from the shores of the Baltic paid a duty of i
fifteen shillings, still ninetenths of all the foreign '
wheat imported into England came from the Bal-
tic ?
Now, if the wheat-growers in the Baltie could
beat us 111 the English market, under a duty of
almost double of what we paid, what sort of com-
petition could we hold with them when they paid
no duty at all? The abolition of the corn laws ad-
mitted wheat free*, and there were the growers on
the Baltic, and the growers in Holland, and the
growers in the Germanic States comparatively at
the very door of the British market, while we were
three thousand miles off. Did the gentleman from
Georgia really suppose that, under these circum-
stances, the British market would be supplied by
American wheat ? Certainly the gentleman was
too well acquainted with the subject to believe this
himself, however he might preach it to others. So
far from the repeal of the corn laws proving a ben-
efit to our farmers, its practical effect would be to
in jure them. The market would be filled by Euro-
pean wheat; and while our farmers would be com-
pelled, by a reduction of the tariff, to pay more for
their goods, and to have the home market for their
wheat diminished, they would be deprived of the
reciprocal benefit of the British market. This
must be plain to any reflecting man of common
sense; so that all the congratulations of the gentle- j
mar. from Georgia were a little misplaced and pre- |
mature. j
Mr. Y. would now show that the protective policy
benefited the farmer in another way. It had been as- I
certained from authentic statistics that there were [
now not less than seven hundred thousand individ- |
uals personally engaged in manufactures in this '
country. Allowing each of these manufacturers on i
an average tosustain twoothcrpcrsons, wehad two
million one hundred thousand persons to be fed by
I the farmer while they were engaged in manufac-
j Hires. But the presence of manufactures connected
■- itself with a number of other persons who were en-
| gaged in collateral pursuits, such as wool raisers,
i cotton growers, hemp growers, miners, and a va-
riety of others. Adding all these together, they
would form an aggregate of not less than four mil-
lions of persons who had now to be fed and sup-
ported by the agriculturists.
How much agricultural producc did each of these
persons on an average consume? Twenty-five
cents a day ? If they did, then here was a million
of dollars worth of produce to be furnished by our
farmers daily. If this calculation was too large,
put the amount at twelve and a half cents, and" at
that rate here was a consumption of $500,000 worth
eveiy day of the year, or a gross expenditure
among our American farmers of 182 millions of
dollars pei annum. Was this no benefit? How
many ho£S, how many beeves, how many barrels
of flour were thus consumed 5 It was not too much
fo sav that if amounted to six million hoa^s, six
million barrels of flour, and ten millions of beeves.
Now, supposing these four millions of persons,
whose subsistence was now dependant on manu-
factures, to be deprived of that source of living in
consequence of .manufactures being prostrated,
what would they do? The greater'"part of them jl
must become fanners ; the result of which must !j
be a pioportional increase of agricultural products. '[
At the same time that the market created by the !j
supply of their want** was cut off, where would be ,j
the market for their surplus produce? It must lie
upon their hands and rot.
Mr. Y. wished to present one other view. The '■
report of Mr. Secretary Walker showed that last
year the whole amount of these agricultural pro-|j
ducts shipped to Europe was eleven'and a half mil-
lions, of which Great Britain took two and a quar- '
ter millions, (without reckoning1 tobacco and cot-
t«*m.) This was the Bntish market for our Amer- '
ican farmers. Would the)' be willing to surrender '.
the supply of four millions of their own people, :
and the reception of one hundred and eighty-two '
millions of dollars at home, for the sake of this ji
two and a quarter millions in England? Were f
gentlemen here willing to destroy this home market 11
of the farmer in the supplying of the manufacturer
for such a boon as this ? It would be much like in- I;
vitmg a man to throw away a hundred dollar bill i
for the possible chance of making fifty cents. lj
But Mr. Y. pcrcehed that his hour was expired. •'
There were other subjects which he intended to |!
touch, and especially that of the sub-treasury;;:
hut he must forego this, and content himself with !'
writing out more at large what he had wished to i i
say. !1
Mr. OWEN said: There are tilings, seemingly
possible, which yet cannot be done, in this "world,
any more than to turn the sun back in his daily
course. There are certain progressive changes in
society and government that must go on ; it may
be slowly, it may be quickly; but proceed at some
pace they must. A man who io.oks calmly over
the whole field of human affairs and a past his-
tory, and can put from him national and party
prejudice, may readily distinguish these, or some
of t|iem. The short-sighted oppose them. The
sanguine sometimes over-hurry them. The cau-
tious may strive to check their speed, the wise to
direct their course ; but he is no statesman who
thinks stubbornly to arrest them. It is folly, only
that attempts the impossible.
A striking example is to be found, at this day,
in France. They are talking there about the ex-
tension of popular suffrage; as well they may, in
a country containing thirty millions of people, of
whom about a quarter of a million only are voters.
It requires little sagacity to predict the ultimate
result. The right of suffrage in France will be
gradually extended, let the Powers that be strug-
gle against fate as they will. That is a necessity;
as much a necessity, as that a man must grow old
with the lapse of years. The law of the day dis-
franchises, throughout France, fourteen out of
every fifteen male adults; but you can no more
make this a perpetual disfranchisement than you
can say to the youth of twenty-one, that half a
century more shall see him the same youth still.
The bold spokesman of the movement party in
Franco, M. Thiers, spoke words of sober4 truth,
not of vaunting fancy, when, in a recent debate,
quoting the noble language of a German writer,
he said: " I place my hark on the loftiest promon-
tory of the beach, and will wait the rising of the
waters to make it-float." That brave man may
be under the sod before the waters rise.. Sutthey
will rise; and, one day, his bark toUl float, despite
the Canutes of conservatism.
Similar in character to the suffrage movement in
France, is the Anti-corn-law League of England;
the cause as just, the success as certain. The
British corn-laws are more than two hundred
years old. During all that,time, these laws have
protected' British agriculture; which,"being hon- '
estly translated, means, they^ have compelled the
millions to eat dear bread, in order to swell the
rent-rolls of a few thousand landed proprietors.
Throughout two centuries this iniquity has been
suffered to live. But the progress of events is
sweeping it away. Its days are numbered. A -
Tory minister, pressed -by necessity, himself
introduced into Paihamcnt a bill, which cuts off
a considerable portion of this bread-tax at once,
and provides, that, in three years, it shall be
utterly blotted out from the statute book of Great
Britain. The bill passed even the Lords bv a
triumphant majority, and is now the law of that
land.
The corn-laws are part of a great system; a
very ancient system; the system of Commercial
Restriction. And this, in its turn, is but one of
the phases of that master error—ultra legislation.
It is one of the numerous forms, in which the
world has been governed too much.
Now, it is a thing as impossible to perpetuate,
through coming time, this system of Commercial
Restriction, as it is to perpetuate the disfranchise-
ment of voters in France. It is hastening to its
decay. Already many of its forms are confessed-
ly antiquated, and have fallen into disrepute and
disuse.
We may smile at some of these rude old forms,
as we find them in the annals of the mother coun-
try: yet they, like the forms of our own day,"once
had their fair showing pleas, and their specious
apologists. There is an ancient Scots Act of Par-
liament, which, goins: forward, with blundering
directness, to its laudable object, the increase of
wealth among the liege subjects, forbade, under
heavy penalties, the " carrying gold or silver forth
of the kingdom." France, England, Spain, Por-
tugal, all, at different times, resorted to the same
crude expedient to make times good, and encour-
age domestic industry. We ha\e outlived the idea,
that these objects may be attained by passing laws
to detain the money among us per force.
The placing of embargoes on merchandise, for-
merly a royal prerogative, is now out of date.
&ueen Mary frequently exercised it; and Eliza-
beth, before her coronation, sent an order to the
