1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1003
custom-house, prohibiting the sale of all crimson
Sijks until the court were first supplied. Another
of this latter sovereign's legal intermeddling ap-
pears still more whimsical., She took offence, if
iiume may be credited, at the smell of woad; and
issued, in consequence, an edict, prohibiting the
culture of that, useful. plant. The ingenuity of
modern tiroes has always on hand, to excuse the
law s restraints on commerce, some more plausi-
ble apology than the olfactory antipathiesof a sov-
ereign prmce.'
Thus, too, in regard to an order in council, pro-
mulgated under Charles I., which commanded that
all shops m Cheapside and Lombard street. Lon-
don, except those of goldsmiths, should be shut
up, " that the avenue to St. Paul's might appear
more splendid." So idle a whim would not now
be deemed a legitimate cause why the law should
step in and break up a tradesman's business.
In the fourteenth century lawgivers thought it
necessary to interfere between the employers and
the employed,.and determine the price of labor.
The "statute of laborers'," in 1350, fixed the
wage&of reapers at three-pence a day, (equal in
value to nearly a dollar and a quarter of our mon-
ey >) an^ for other labor in proportion. At the
present day the farmer may complain of high wa-
ges, and the laborer of low; but the statesman
uoes not consider the complaints of either a rea-
son to justify his direct interference.
The morality of some portion of the ancient
legislation on contracts is no longer very intelli-
gible to us. St. Louis, called the best of French
Kings, issued an ordinance, in which, " for the
salvation of his own soul, and that of his ances-
tors, he released to all Christians a third part of
what was owing by them to Jews." When mon-
ey is legislated, now-a-days, from one man's pocket
to another's, political decency demands that it
should not be done in so barefaced a manner.
We are scandalized, for instance, when we read,
that Henry VIII, after extorting, by a miscalled
benevolence, (or forced loan, to repay which ho
gave his written obligation,) " one-sixth of every
man's substance, payable in money, plate, or
jewels,obtained from his next Parliament a
statute, in which the Commons "do, for them-
selves and all the whole body of the realm which
they represent, freely, liberally, and absolutely,
give and grant unto the King's highness all and
every sym or sums of money^ which to them and
every one of them is, ought, or might be due by
reason of any money or any other thing to his
Grace at any time heretofore'advanceil,.by way of
ti'iist r i* Irinn " o a <-«> ct rr/vo w*,,T
a part of the bundle of liberties gathered together
in the age of feudalism, and which formed the only
balance of the commercial and manufacturing in-
terests against the aristocracy of the sword." As
such, the custom, like other temporary expedients
indefensible on just principles, may have been use-
ful in its day. Yet it would seem, that its natural
and necessary evils very soon showed themselves.
"When we read, as we do in Hume, that, at the
commencement of the seventeenth century, nine-
tenths of the commerce of England consisted in
woollen goods, it appears almost incredible, though
it be true, that a single privileged corporation,
namely, the "Company of Merchant Adventur-
ers,''held, by their patent, exclusive possession
of this branch of trade. Add to this, Elizabeth's
patents, usually granted to her courtiers, to deal
exclusively even in such necessaries of life as salt,
iron, leather, and coal; and we shall have some
conception of what sort of protection was afforded,
in those days, the very saturnalia of monopolists,
by operation of law, to the true interests of the
commercial community.
The legislative records of England bear testimo-
ny to the effects of such a system on the national
industry. When, during the session of 1601, the
list of articles assigned to the patentees was read
over, including not only the staples already enu-
merated , but paper, glass, tin, beer, Irish yarn, train
oil, and fifty others, a member exclaimed: " Is not
bread among the number?"—the House seemed
amazed. " Nay," said he,if no remedy be found
for these, bread will be there befoie the next Par-
liament." "Every tongue, "adds Hallam, "seemed
now unloosed, each as if emulously descanting on
the injuries of the place he represented." The
CXueen, yielding to the torrent of opinion, sent for
theSpeakcr, ami desired him to acquaint the House
that she would immediately cancel the most gricv
ous and oppressive of these patents. Upon the
delivery of which gracious message, says Hume,
" a member said, with tears in his eyes, that if a
sentence of everlasting happiness had been pio-
nounccd in his favor, he could not have felt more
joy than that with which he was at present over-
whelmed."
Another form of interference with commerce
very common and onerous in those days, was the
law of apprenticeships. One of Edward'the Sixth's
Parliaments passed an act, by which every one
was prohibited from making cloth, unless he had
served an apprenticeship of seven years. "When
this absurd law was repealed in. the succceding
, . - ,, - reign, the preamble to the'repealing statute set
trust or loan.. We are staggered, even, at the h forth, that the restriction in question'had " occa-
boldness of the early Virginia councillors, who,
when tobacco rose in value in consequence of laws
protecting its culture, scrupled not to provide a
remedy, fry enacting that " no man need pay more
than'two-thirds of his debt during the stint;" and
thatall creditors should, take forty pounds for a
hundred.'' And yet, in this latter ease, our scru-
ples are of questionable consistency. Restricting
laws first raised the price of the staple, and conse-
quently the scale of debts; and such are tolerated
in our day. Why, then, take offence at the dircet
legislation, more honest and not more positive,
which lowered that scale to its original standard
again ?
Ah! the politicians of our country are a civil
and a smooth-spoken race, with little of the Tudor
and Stuart downright'ness of the olden time about
them. They scruple much to do injustice—in a
straightforward way. They will not hear a word
said about restraining or fettering trade, or altering
the scale of debts, or impairing contracts. Inter-
ference is a term not. to be found in their vooabu-
sionod the decay of the woollen manufacture and
ruinnd several towns." Yet Edward's law was
revived in therein of Elizabeth; and, strange to
say, was still in force, as late, at least, as the date
of our Revolution.
Our own colonial history furnishes continual ex-
amples of legal encroachments on commerce, thatare
no longer in vogue. Charles, bv proclamation in
1635, announced his intention of becoming, by his
agents, the sole factor of the Virginia planters.
Three years afterwards, he addiessed a letter of in-
structions to the governor and council, offering to
contract for the whole crop of tobacco, and desiring
that an assembly might b.c convened to consider
i! his proposal; a fortunate piece of cupidity! for this
j; was the first recognition, by a British monarch, of
j! a representative assembly in America. The assem-
bly—an earnest, this, of future independence!—.
; rejected the conditions, and protested against the
I' monopoly; but two years later, by a compromise
j between the planters and the King, the former ob-
' tained the exclusive right to supply the British
lary. It has-an offensive sound, and is paraphra- j! market, and the latter succeeded in imposing an
sed-pROTECTioio. exorbitant duty. They divided the spoil between
jWhen the infant settlement of Jamestown lost, , them,and the people paid for the privileges of both:
by Indian massacre, half her colonists, the gallant an apt illustration of the working of that system
Captain Smith_ offered the London Company of ;i which goes by the name of commercial protection.
Adventurers his services to overawe the natives j( Another sample of legislative intermeddling no
and provide for the safety of the colony. The jj longer practised in its direct form, occurs in th
company thereupon graciously declared, that44 he
should have leave to go at his own expense, if he
would grant the corporation one-half of the pillage!"
Similar to the proffered patronage of the Virginian
Adventurers, is the protection which the laxv has
usually afforded to commerce.
A common form of such protection, in the Mid-
dle Ages, w^s that of close corporations. It may ]
be that this system had its origin in a desire to !
protect commerce from outrage. Bancroft calls it i
history of the same period. The early governors
of Virginia, by way of promoting the culture of
corn, sought, by penal statute, to fix its price.
The colonial legislature afterwards hit upon the
true remedy: " For the encouragement of. men to
{ plant store of corn, the price shall not be stinted,
c but it shall be free for efety man to sell it as dear
* as he can." Legislative assemblies gather wis-
dom rapidly, when removed beyondtheatmosphere
of a court.
These various faint lights from the t
to one point. They indicate to us the inevitable
line of progress. It has been, as in ecclesiastical
so in commercial affairs, from the more to th©
less of interference. One statute used to fix the
wages of labor, and another the price of food; both
are now left to regulate themselves. The legisla-
tor formerly decided who should manufacture this
article, and who vend that; as a general rule, each
may now make or sell what he pleases. In these
cases, it is not so much that we have altered the
law, we have repealed it. We have legislated
more wisely than our ancestors, chiefly in thatVe
have legislated less. We have run our experi-
ments through these various phases of interference,
to learn, at last, how many cases there are, in which
legislative aid is an encumbrance, and legislative
duty—to do nothing.
Let us apply these lessons of the past. I hove
spoken of those forms of legal intermeddling with
commerce that are antiquated, and have past away;
let us turn to these that are still fashionable, at this
day, and in our own country.
Tariff protection is the chief of these. The ob-
ject proposed by a protective tariff is similar to that
which the legislator of former days had in view
when he determined rates of wages and fixed scales
of prices'. Some branch of industry, generally a
manufacture, is declared to be in a feeble and droop-
ing condition; its piofits too small; its wages too
low: its prices insufficient. Politicians go to work,
to increase the profits and raise the wages and the
prices. This they effect by shutting out competi-
tion. Formerly a close corporation was the usual
form employed; all but the members of the favored
company were forbidden to compete. In our days,
the monopoly, with some exceptions, is co-exten-
sive with the kingdom or republic in which the law
is passed; and competition is forbidden, under pen-
alty of fine, to foreigners only. This is agrcat im-
provement upon Gtucen Elizabeth's exclusive pat-
ents and closc corporations.
Yet the effect produced by these national monop-
olies differs in degree only, not in kind, from that
caused by those exclusive corporations. Three
hundred years ago, Elizabeth's patent increased
the price of salt tenfold; the taulT of to-day raises
it a comparatively moderate per cenlage only.
The former excluded all competition, both foieign
and domestic, the latter lea\es domc&tic competi-
tion unchecked. Yet in both cases the principle
is identical. Artificial means aie employed to
control and divert from its natural channels the
current of trade. A certain amount of competi-
tion is shut out by law, for the purpose of raising
the price of a certain article to iis producers; and,
of course, to its consumers also. That is the
operation and the intended effect of all protective
tariffs. If they do not produce that eucct, they
are, so far as regards protection, inoperative and
useless. If they do produce it, they legislate
money from the pockets of one class into the pock-
ets of another, without any value received to jus-
tify the transfer. They do not effect this directly,
as did St. Louis by his ordinance against the Jews,
or as did the eariy Governors of Virginia, when
they fixed by law the price of corn. But they
effect it, nevertheless.
As the close corporations of the middle ages
may have been, for the time, a dcfence against
worse evils than themselves, so, at a particular
period during the infancy of a State, the interfer-
ence of a temporary tariff for protection—a hedge
to defend the young plants of enterprise until they
shoot up to an independent growth—may produce
benefits to overbalance its injustice. But this, like
the kindred plea of retaliation, is a question of
the day and of expediency. The ultimate issue of
reform is one matter; the day and the hour when
each step may safely and usefully be made, is
another. Yet the statesman has stronger tempta-
tion to be over-scrupulous than to be over-rash.
It is the tendency of a temporary injustice to en-
dure beyond the term of its necessity, especially
when the pecuniary interests of any class of men
are identified with its endurance.
Sir, I bring no railing accusation against any
party, I presume not to judge the motives; I pass
no condemnation even on the acts of any class of
men. Who so wise that he may boast never to
have been blinded by interest?—so just, that the
hope of present advantage cannot mislead him? I
would speak of errors without denying their hon-
esty. To a long vexed question I invite the atten-
