1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1005
should be laid for one purpose only—to raise
necessary revenue: here they are-to be imposed
for objects wholly different—for the purpose of
keeping the currency sound; for the purpose of
increasing domestic supplies ; and even, looking
through protection towards prohibition itself, for
the purpose of lessoning foreign importations, the
very source of tariff revenue.' In a word, Mr. Clay
endorsed the doctrines of the Home League.
This seems to have been the signal for a con-
tested assault on the compromise and its- principles.
The embarrassments of the day aided the project,
and privilege had one brief triumph more. The
tariff of 1842 was passed.
If the friends of the protective theory ever seri-
ously expected, after the immediate danger from
nullification blew over, to revive and perpetuate
their system, the circumstances under which the
tariff bill of 1842 became 3 hnv, ought to have
shown them the futility of the attempt. Painfully
and with many throes the feeble bantlin^ strug-
gj i"t0 existence- The month of July had pass-
ed; the last days of August were approaching; and
stsll the country was without any revenue law
whatever. Then it was that the protectionists,
availing themselves of the insolvent condition of
the treasury, pressed upon Congress, at the very
close of the session, the alternative of their bill or
no revenue. Even at such advantage, under the
pressure, as it were, of necessity, the measure won
its way with extreme difficulty to the statute hook.
Twice it was defeated in the House by the casting
vote of the Speaker; and it succeeded there at last
by a reluctant majority of two stragglers, their
votes coming in at the last moment, even after the
decision had been announced.
In the Senate it passed by a bare majority of
one-—Mr. Wright and Mr. Buchanan both voting
for it under protest. Mr. Wright
"Assumed that till? bill must pass in the form it now hears
or that no revenue law could pass at the present session." '
The sober-minded even of the party that brought
it forward seemed ashamed of the deed. Mr. Web-
ster, in that speech which he delivered in Faneuil
Hall, in the autumn of 1842, to a "sea of upturned
faces," said:
" Tt is not true that the tnrift' system (of 1842) was passed
by the Whigs nioue. We know that more than thirty, some
of them leading and influential Whigs, voted actainst the ta-
riff, out and out, on nil questions, direct and indirect."
And this is the bill, a vagrant that went about
in the House, at the eleventh hour, begging among
its Whig friends for a stray vote to save its threat-
ened life,—that was saved in the Senate by its op-
ponents, only because they thought it a less crying
evil than a bankrupt exchequer and a broken pub-
lic faith,—this is the biil that is now the law of the
land ! And this bill, thus forced, despite the spirit
of the age, on a reluctant country, is to remain a
permanent system, to become our national policy!
We are not to toucli or amend it! It is too good i
and holy to incur rebuke, or to suffer alteration!
It is not within the scope of my present purpose
minutely to examine the details of this tariff. Suf-
fice it, that it embodies the system of specific du-
ties, minimums, and all the et ccteras of protective
favor. Suffice it, that the average of its duties lias
proved to be thirty-four per cent., actually ex-
ceeding that of the tariff of 183d, of which the aver-
age was but thirty-three and eight-tenths. The
gross revenue it produced for the year ending 30th
September, 1845, was nearly thirty-one millions—
the largest amount ever raised from imports in any
one year (the years 1831 and 1825 alone excepted)
since the foundation of the Government. A gen-
eral idea of its impositions may be gathered from
the fact, that on four staple necessaries, iron, coal,
sugar, and molasses, (yielding six millions of rev-
enue,) its duties actually average over sixty per
cent.; three times the compromise maximum:
while on cotton and woollen goods (on which the
duties reach six millions and three quarters) the
do you expect, to maintain, unchanged, such a sys-
tem as that? Peacefully you canno,t do it—all
experience proves that;and will you destroy the har-
mony of feeling that now binds State to State, stir
up again heart-burnings that but slumber among
us, endanger the very integrity of our happy and
glorious Union—all in a fruitless struggle after
privileges you cannot perpetuate and a policy that
is passing away ?
But you say to yourselves that you can but be de-
feated at last, and may as well struggle on against
the change, with the chance of retarding what you
may nqt avert. Look to it! The history of re-
form throughout the world teaches us this lesson:
that privilege has often lost all because she knew
not when to yield a part. There was a time, in
the early days of the French revolution, before the
oath of the Tennis court or the fall of the Bastille,
when, by well-timed concession, the unfortunate
Louis might have saved kingdom and life. He
suffered the golden moment to pass, and with it all
power to control the rising torrent that speedily
overwhelmed him.
Look well to it! To-day your influence is still
felt, andyou have power to shape a modification of
the tariff. You can obtain discrimination within
certain limits, and even, for a time, protection con-
siderably beyond the pledges of the Compromise.
To-day you can do this, if you consent to guide a
movement which you seem disposed obstinately to
resist. To-morrow it may be no longer in your
power. Reform, dammed up by obstinate oppo-
sition, spreads far and fast, when once the barrier
has given way.
Reflect, also, how small the gain is of temporary
success. Protective favor, in order to benefit steady
business men, must be permanent. 'Fluctuating
duties can serve the purpose of the speculator only.
Will any prudent manufacturer incur the outlay
and risk of founding a large establishment on the
security of a tariff which he may expect to see re-
pented from year to year ? But what is, in point
of fact, the prospect before you, even if you defeat
the tariff bill of this session? Will its defeat be
silently ncquicsced in ? You know it will not.
Session nfter session the struggle will be renewed, !
and renewed with increased forces and with grow-
ing strength. Yes! and reform, like the sybil of
old, will increase her demands at each return.
The tariff bill proposed now in 1846 is more rad-
ical than was that reported in 1844. Reject it, and
see if the next proposal be not one of yet lower
rates and of a stricter revenue stamp.
The bill now before us, as reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means, concedes much
to interests hitherto privileged; and proposes mod-
erate reform only. Its average rate, as nearly as
can now be ascertained, will lie about twenty-four
and a half per cent.; and thus the average of all
its duties, high and low, taken together, is, in fact,
four and a half per cent, higher than the very high-
est contemplated by the Compromise. Its principal
schedule, including the staples of iron, coal, wool-
len goods, clothing, carpeting, saddlery, paper,
wines, and many other staples, is put at thirty per
cent.; being a tax higher by one-half than the
maximum of the Compromise. Cotton and silk
goods bear a duty of twenty-five per cent. Its
duties arc wholly ad valorem—the only fair prin-
cijilc of taxation; and in this it but carries out one )
of the pledges of the Compromise, of which the i
equity has been repeatedly acknowledged by Mr. !
Clay: for example, in his Senate spccch of March I
1, 1842: |
" I xajV' smd lie, " that, in theory, and according to every '
sound principle of justice, the ad valorem mode of taxation |
!i is entitled to the preference."—Nile^s Ro-ista' of March 13, I
2812,^42- ' j
The gross amount of revenue which this bill |
would bring in, supposing the importations to re !
main the same as last year, is about twenty-two
millions. But that importations will remain at
their present amount, there is no chance. These
average rate is about thirty-nine per cent.; nearly
double the same maximum. Under this tariff, too, i! greatly reduced rates would, of course, increase
nearly one-half the revenue is obtained from spe- !; the amount of dutiable articles imported. Our
cific duties. J; total importations are now about one hundred and
In a word, it was a violation the most flagrant six millions; the Secretary of the Treasury esti-
of every principle and promise of the Compromise !; mates that, under the proposed tariff, they would
act. It was an open and undisguised return, both
in form and in rates of duty, to the old protective
policy, that had been tried, condemned, scntcnced,
in 1833.
Again I would appeal to the friends of tariff pro-
tection.- Again I woiild ask them: Do you intend,
increase by fourteen millions the first year; reach-
ing a hundred and twenty millions. This estimate
is, I think, a very moderate one. If it prove cor-
rect, then the tariff, as reported from the commit-
tee, would yield a gross revenue of about, twenty-
six millions of dollars; or, deducting a million and
a half for expenses of collection, would bring; in a
net revenue of twenty-four millions and a half.
This is amply sufficient in time of peace. At
this moment we are unfortunately engaged in war,
though not, I trust, to be of long duration, nor to
demand an expensive armament.. And with a view-
to meet these extra expenditures, it is the inten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, as I understand, to move sundry
amendments to the reported bill, which will yield
an increase of some three or four millions. This
will give a net revenue from imports of above
twenty-ei^ht millions—about as much as the pres-
ent tariff bill; the increased importations compen-
sating for the reduced rates.
The substitute offered by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Hungerford] will produce, I
think, about the same amount. It differs chiefly
from the Ways and Means bill, as proposed to be
amended, in retaining specific duties on a few sta-
ples.
It is a common argument that, since we are ac-
tually engaged in war, we should let the tariff of
1842 alone. Nothing can be more fallacious. The
war is an additional reason why we should alter
that tariff. Many of its rates amount to positive
prohibition; and these it is doubly important to
reduce, at a period of increased expenditures like
this. The Secretary of the Treasury says, of the
present tariff, in lus last annual report:
"Many of the duties are becoming dead letters, except for
the purpose of prohibition; and, if not leduced, will ulti-
mately compel their advocates to resort to diiect taxation to
support the Government. In the event of war, neaily all
th«> high duties will become prohibitory, from the increased
ri&k and cost of importation. "—-Report, p. 6.
But the sufficient reply to all who set up the war
as an argument against any change is, that either
of the bills above referred to is calculated to pro-
duce as much revenue as the present law.
Sir, I have yet a word to say, in conclusion, to
the friends of tariff protection. In voting for
either of these bills, we of the West, and our
friends of the South, abandon, for the sake of
peace, much, which, on the soundest principles of
equity, we might demand as simply just and right,
ff to the probable rate of the proposed tariff, say
twenty-five per cent., we add freight and other
expenses on importations, we shall find the aver-
age of protection actually afforded to be at least
thirty-three per cent.; or, in other words, an addi-
tion of one-third to the price of all imported goods
subject to duty,
Mr. BAYLY. You underrate the amount of
protection afforded by a tariff averaging twenty-
five per cent. Freight and other charges would
bring up the actual protection to upwards of forty
per cent.
Mr. OWEN. Then my estimate is much within
| tile truth; and the argument is but the more forci-
] ble. To grant such an average of protection, be it
| thirty-three or be it forty per cent., is a vast con-
j cession to our fellow-citizens of the North. We
| make it ungrudgingly; but we cannot forget, and
! they ought not to forget, that it is a concession, in
, principle as well as in extent of protection. I will
not withhold the opinion, that all laws which fet-
ter trade are defensible only as temporary expe-
j dients; and that, even in a mitigated form, they
1 cannot be justified as a permanent policy.
But, in all legislative changes, extremes are to
be avoided. While the petty questions of the
hour should not call off our judgments from in-
quiries of a higher order and a wider range; while
we should aspire above the smoke and dust of
partisan warfare, to seek a calm and clear pros-
pect into the future of progress; yet does it be-
hoove us also to bear in mind, that it is one thing
to distinguish a coming change, and another to
carry it out, in fitting form and due season. The
mariner's observation, even of the changeless sun
itself, must be subjected to corrections and allow-
ances, before it suffices to determine his position
and direct his course. And thus the best specula-
tions of the statesman, though deduced from the
unerring principles of justice, must be tempered
and modified by considerations of time ond place,
ere they become available for daily service. We
cannot rush to perfection. It is not enough thst a
reform be just in itself; it must be well-timed also.
It must not jar too rudely on the usages of the day.
It must not outrun the opinions and''intelligence of
the times. To influence the masses we must ap-
proach them. As the power of the magnet ceases
