1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
to us of a thorough revision and modification of
the existing tariff laws.
I am asked, sir, why I do not abandon agricul-
ture and go to manufacturing myself. I answer,
that my hairs are beginning to bleach under the
influence of the years I have spent in agricultural
pursuits. It is an employment to my taste; I de-
light to see the mighty power of Providence dis-
played in the germinating and pushing vegetation
to its maturity. In our land of freedom, and fa-
vored as we are in soil and climatc, I do not wish,
by oppressive legislation, to be driven, in my
years, from the employment of my choice, the
employment of my ancestors, to engage in pursuits
the minutia of which I should yet have to learn,
and in which I have no desire to engage. If a
government, representing those who should be
free, is disposed to heap oppressions upon the farm-
ers of the country, 1 am disposed to suffer the
oppressions with them till wiser counsels shall pre-
vail in our halls of legislation. But as I love my
country, my voice shall ever be raised in protesta-
tions against these oppressions. I am asked
whether, in visiting the manufacturers' fair, I am
not disposed to favor laws which give bounties to
men who are able to show such evidences of
wealth and voluptuousness. I answer, that all the
pomp of royalty, all the splendor of the Tuillcries,
would not reconcile me to the oppressions of a
monarchy. Nor will the gorgeous display of man-
ufactures ever reconcile me to oppression to my-
self, or to its being inflicted upon my countrymen.
If that display of wealth has been wrung from the
sweat and toil of our laboring millions, it is now
high time that our Government should adopt a
policy, that labor may be rewarded by the fruits
of its own industry.
Mr. CHIPMAN, after some preliminary re-
marks, proceeded to observe that what lie had to
say on this all important subject would be said
boldly and fearlessly, and he had taken the other
side of the House from that which he usually oc-
cupied, for the purpose of demanding fiom the ad-
vocates of the present oppressive system of taxa-
tion an answer to some of the questions he should
put to them. He should submit to their consider-
ation documentary evidence—evidence from the
highest authorities on this side of the House, from
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts—
which with all honest, sober, thinking men, was con-
clusive, that the consuming portion of the country
pay every cent of taxation derived from the tnrilf
law of 1842. He laid down this proposition boldly,
that the consumer not only of the foreign fabric,
but of the domestic, pays the full amount of the
imposition on the foreign article in addition to its
real cost, or the price it would otherwise bear in
market; and further pays a price upon the domes-
tic fabric, enhanced m the extent of the whole con-
sumption, to an amount equal to the increased
prices of the foreign product by the imposition of
taxation upon it.
He laid down also the proposition that the tariff
of 1842 was framed for the express purpose of tax-
ing labor, and allowing capital to go exempt. A
baser attempt at fraud, oppression, and partial le-
gislation, was never conceived or executed by any
legislative body. Under it the higher impositions
were on the necessaries of life—as, for instance, the
duty on coarse woollens was from 100 to 150 per
cent. The answer given by those who were receiv-
ing the benefits of this exorbitant system of oppres-
sion was, " Keep quiet, we will give you an equiv-
alent by the home market we will furnish for your
surplus products. Mr. C. scouted this as a flimsy
subteifuge, and an unqualified absurdity and im-
possibility. His State alone produced five million
bushels of wheat surplus. Even were it possible,
he enforced the inequality of advantages enjoyed
by the respective classes. The farmer of Michi-
gan when he got his flour to New York, received
(say) §3 50 per barrel—barely sufficient to afford
him a meagre compensation for his labor and ex-
penses; while in return for it, he received the man-
ufactures of the North, upon which the manufac-
turers levied a profit of some 30, 40, 50, and 100
per cent. This was the boasted advantage which
the agricultural class derived from the present sys-
tem of taxation.
Mr. C. exposed and denounced with much ear-
nestness various other sophistries advanced by the
protectionists to bolster up their favorite system.
Of these, one was, that high duties make low
prices—a flagrant absurdity on its very face.
With reference to the plea that for the protection
received they would return to the agriculturists and
other classes, an equivalent, he argued that the
protection received being a protection which was
to be fed, nurtured, and bloated by the sweat and
blood of the great leading interest of agriculture,
the giving them an equivalent would be to sur-
render entirely the protection The great interest
which was thus oppressed for the benefit of a man-
ufacturing aristocracy, for the " lords of the spin-
dle," was one which he trusted would sooner or
later rise to assert and maintain its just rights.
The day would soon come when forbearance
would cease to be a virtue—when the great masses
of the West would have the power to redress their
wrongs, and would do so—not by violence, but
peacefully, by the force of truth, justice, and equity.
In reply to the argument, that the protective sys-
tem should be maintained because articles of a
certain class had fallen in price during its exist-
ence, he denied that this decrease of pi ice was the
legitimate result of the system of protection, un-
less it was carried to the extent of inhibition, so as
to give play for domestic competition to the full
extent—of which the manufacturers themselves
were afraid. He ascribed the decrease of prices
mainly to the wonderful improvements of the ag-e
—in machinery, skill,and enterprise, which would
have tended to produce a still greater reduction
had it not been for counter efforts and legislation
for protection.
He commented upon the impolicy and profligacy
of the system which tended to force men from
their natural pursuits—compelling them by legis-
lation to pursue a certain avocation or to starve.
He must be excused for warmth on this subject,
when he looked at the State which he had the
honor to represent, with its five million bushels of
surplus wheat, and still robbed and plundered to
bankruptcy under this very species of legislation.
He held the doctrine that this Government has
no right whatever, under the Constitution, to im-
pose taxation upon the people for the purpose of
protection, as contiadistinguished from revenue—
taxation for the benefit of the few, a favored class,
to the oppression of the great masses of the people.
Recurring to the position that the duty on the
imported article was paid by the consumer, and
not alone upon the foreign product, but that it ope-
rated -an equal increase upon the whole amount of
the domestic article consumed in the country, he
illustrated it by supposing the amount of duties
paid by the consumer for the support of govern-
ment to be thirty millions of dollars, upon say one
hundred millions of dollars imported into the coun-
try- The domestic manufacturer sells side by
side with these foreign articles, say two hundred
million of dollars of his fabrics—the prices of which
were enhanced to the consumer to the same amount
as the duty paid on the foreign article. While,
then, the consumer pays thirty millions of dollars
on the foreign article for the support of govern-
ment, he pays sixty millions of dollars (upon the
gross amount of two hundred millions of dollars)
as a bonus to the manufacturer by way of protec-
tion.
Mr. C. then proceeded, in accordance with his
notice, at the outset of his remarks, to read extracts
from a report of Mr. Adams, chairman of the Com-
mittee on Manufactures, in 1832; and from a speech
of Mr. Webster, in 1834, m defence of his (Mr.
C.'s) position, that the duties upon imported arti-
cles are paid by the consumers, &c. He commend-
ed to the advocates of the protective system these
arguments of the gigantic intellects of Daniel Web-
ster and John Gl. Adams, and he wished to give
them opportunity to overthrow them, and show
that those distinguishrd members of their party
were mere tyros in political economy. j
The extracts were read, as follows: i
Extract from the report of John Quinry J3dams, chairman of !
the Committee on Manujucinrcs, in 1&32.
The doctrine that duties ol impost cheapen the price of
the atticlcs upon which they are levied, seems to conflict
with the first dictates of common sense. liut its supporters
fiir-t appeal with confidence to the fact, that most of the arti-
cles upon which additional dunes were levied by the tariff
of 18*28, have vince that time eonsideiablv fallen in priee ;
and then they argue that it mu-t be so, bv the excitement of
competition m the market. It is certainly contrary to the
natural course of tiling that an addition to the cost should
be a reduction of the price of an article. True it is, that
the duty gives a spur to the production of the article at
home. The price of any airicle in the market must always
depend upon the relative condition of the demand and sup-
ply at the time and place of sale. But very slight variations
of time or place affect often, to a very great extent, the re la- i
tive proportion of the demand and supply, and, consequently,
the price of the article. No safe conclusion can be drawn
from the fact that, subsequently to the tariff of 1828, the
prices of the articles upon which the duties were then in-
creased have fallen, unless from other circumstances it can
be shown that the increase of the duty was the cause of the
fall m price; nor will it he sufficient, to prove so strange a
paradox, to account for it by the excitement of cortvp'etUion.
Wherever there is a profitable market there will be compe-
tition. Ilad the tarift'of 1828 never been enacted, the com-
petitionin our markets would have been as great, and would
have been as effectual to reduce the prices as it has been
with the aggravation of duties. In that competition our own
manufactures might not indeed have shared; but it would
have existed in all its force between those who furnished
the supply, and could not have failed to reduce the prices
to the level of the moderate profit necessary to the existence
of the trade.
" But the duty upon the article imported from abroad en-
abled the domestic producer to enter into competition with
the importer from abroad. So long as thisiompetition con-
tinues, the duty operates as'a bounty or premium to the do-
mestic manufacturer., But by whom is it paid? Certainly
by the purchaser ot the article, whether of foreign or of
domestic manufacture. The duty constitutes a part of the
price of the whole mass of the aiticle in the market- It is
substantially paid upon the article of domestic manufacture
as well as upon that of foreign production. Upon one it is a
bounty ; upon the other a burden; and the repeal of the tax
must opeiate as an equivalent reduction of the price of the
article, whether foreign or domestic. We say so long as
the importation continues, the duty must be paid by the pur-
chaser of the article."
" The incidental effect of competition in the market, ex-
cited on the part of the domestic manufacturer, by the ag-
gravation of duty upon the corresponding article imported
fiom abroad, to reduce the price of the article, must be tran-
sient and momentary. The general and permanent effect
must be to inciea&e the pace of the article to the extent of
the additional duty, and it is then paid by the consumer. If
it were not so—if the general effect of adding to a duty were
to make the pnee of the article upon which it is levied less—
the converse of the proposition would also be true; and the
operation for increasing the piice of the domestic aiticle,
would be to repeal the duty upon the same article imported—
an experiment which the ftiends of our internal industry
will not be desirous of making. VVe cannot subscribe, there-
fore, to the doctrine that, the duties of impost, protective of
our own manufactuies, are paid by the foreign merchant or
manufaeturcr. Nor can we more readily believe that they
are paid by the purchaser of the articles exported from our
country to pay for the importations which we receive in
return."
Extract from a speech, of the lion. Daniel Webster, upon the
tariff, 1824.
" To begin with the article of iron. Ourwhole annual
consumption of this aiticle is supposed by the chairman of
the committee to be 48,000 or 50.000 tons. Let us suppose
the latter. The amount of our own manufacture he esti-
mates, I think, at 17,000 tons. -The present duty on the im-
ported aiticle, is $15 per ton ; and as this duty causes, of
course, an equivalent augmentation of the price of the home
manufacture, the whole increase of price is equal to $750,-
000 annually. This sum we pay on a raw material, and on
an absolute neccssary of lite. The bill proposes to raise the
duty from $-15 to $22 50 per ton, which would be equal to
$1,125,000 on the whole annual consumption. So that, sup-
pose the point of ptolnbition which is aimed at by some
gentlemen to be attained, the consumers of the article would
pay this last mentioned sum every year to the producers of
it, over and above the price at which they could supply
themselves with the ^atne article from other sources. There
would be no mitigation of this burden, except from the pros-
pect, whatever that might be, that iron would fall m value,
by demesne competition, after the importation should be
prohibited. It would be easy, I think, to show that it can-
not fall; and supposing for the present that it shall not, the
result will be, that we shall pay annually a sum of $1,125,-
000, constantly augmented, too, by increased consumption
of the aiticle, to support a business that cannot support itself.
It is of no consequence to the argument that this sum is ex-
pended at home; so it would be, if we taxed the people to
support any other useless and expensive establishment, to
build another Capitol, for example, or incur an unnecessaiy
expense of any sort. The question still is, are the money,
tune, and labor, well laid out in these cases? The present
price of iron at Stockholm, I am assured by importers,
is $53 per ton on boaid, $48 m the yard before loading,
and" probably not far from $40 at the* mines. Freight, in-
surance, See., may be fairly estimated at $15, to which add
our present duty of $15 more, and these two last sums, to-
gether with the cost on board at Stockholm, give $83 as the
cost of Swedes iron in our market. In fact, iMs said to
have been sold last year at $81 50 to $82 pei ton."
Mr. C. was proceeding further to comment on
these extracts, when his hour expired.
Mr. RAMSEY followed in favor of protection,
and went mto the particular statistical history of
the coal trade in his native State, showing how it
had grown from very small beginnings under the
fostering influence of the protective tariff.
Mr. DARRAGH obtained the floor, and yielded
(retaining his ri^ht to the same) to
Mr. ST. JOHN, on whose suggestion the tariff
bill was passed over informally, and the following
bills were respectively taken up, and, without dis-
cussion, were laid aside to be reported to the
House, viz.:
A bill authorizing the trustees of Tymochtee
township, Wyandot county, Ohio,-to select lands
for schools within the Wyandot cession.
A bill authorizing the inhabitants of township
one, of range thirteen east, Seneca county, Ohio,
