1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24-
And the House thereupon immediately adjourn-
The committee for superintending the funeral
consists of Messrs. Carroll, of New York; JN cu-
ius, of New Hampshire; Smitii, of Connecticut;
P&ndletonj of Virginia; and C. B. Smith, ot In-
diana.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 23, 184G-
Attwelve o'clock the Senate was called to order,
and proceeded to the House of Representatives,
according to invitation, to attend the funeral of the
late Hon. R. P. Herrick, a member of that body.
Soon after two o'clock the Vice President re-
sumed the cliair, when
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 23, 1846.
FUNERAL CEREMONIES.
Both Houses of Congress paid the last honors
to-day to the memory of IIichard P. Herrick,
Esq., one of the Representatives of the State of
New York.
At twelve o'clock Mr. Herrick's remains were
removed into the hall of the House of Representa-
tives. The Vice President of the United States
and the Speaker of the House of Representatives
were seated on the Speaker's platform.
There were in attendance the President and his
Cabinet, the members of the Senate and their offi-
cers, the members of the House, (of whom those
of the State of New York were in the van of the
procession,) the military and naval officers in uni-
form, and many strangers.
After an appropriate prayer, the Rev. Mr. Tus*
tin, the Chaplain to the Senate, preached an able
discourse, suitable to the occasion.
After the funeral services were concluded in the
Hall, the body was borne out by a number of the
New York delegation, and was immediately fol-
lowed by the relatives and friends of the deceased.
A very long procession was formed, which con-
veyed the remains of Mr. Herrick to the Con-
gressional burying-ground, in the suburbs of this
city.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 24, 1846.
GENERAL GAINES.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate the
following letter from General Gaines to the De-
partment of War, which was read and ordered to
be printed:
Headquarters Western Division,
No.iv Orleans, Jane 7, J816.
Sir: I have to acknowledge the honor of your letter of
the 28th of May, (last month.)
It was with surprise I learned the Department of Wm re-
garded with disapprobation the request made bv m<? upon
the Governors of Kentucky and otli'n* States lor assistance.
At the time it was made, (the 4th oi May hu-t,) Gencial Tay-
lor was in tin; most cntieal situation. Ho had been left
with neither adequate means nor men lo sustain the nation-
al honoi—opposed to an aitny near tour tunes a.'strong as
his own, and cut off fiom hi-s mihtaiy >toies. The country
was uncertain whether he could escape destruction, liy
his own gallantry, and the indomitable eomage ot his olh
cers and men, and the providence of Cod, he extricated
himself from the difficulty. At this cusis he requc-ted
troops to be sent to linn with ali possible despatch. As com-
mander of this division of the United States army, I imme-
diately sought the means of meeting his wishes. And I
would have deemed myself recreant to mv trust, and merit-
ing dismissal from the service, if I had postponed action on
the subject for two weeks, until oiders could have been re-
ceived fiom Washington.
The War Department may deem the number of troops
asked by me as greater than the exigency required. This,
I must confess, would astonish me, as the War Department
asked and procured a bill authorizing the levy of fifty thou-
sand volunteers, and appropriating ten millions ($10,000,000)
to meet the same exigency.
The War Department seem« to be of opinion that there is
no discretionary power lodged in me to act without positive
ordeis. I, therefore, would ask foi mtoinintion: if a servile
insurrection should occur—if an irruption r-hould be made
by large tribes of Indians—if a swsum of steamer*, with
Paixhan guns, were seen hovering about this seacoast—or
if a general, at the head of a great pait of the army of the
United States, upon the frontier of a neighboring State near
me, should ask assistance, would u be my duty to lefusp all
aid until 1 should have received orders troin Washington ?
I humbly conceive that the latter case lias existed within
the last month; and if f have erred in deeming General Tav-
lor and his army m a situation so hazardous as to demand
immediate succor, it is an error under which the countrv
the Congress, and the War Department, have equally labored!
Had assistance been delayed by me, and had General Tay-
lor and his army been cut oft*, I would have legardeditas
an indelible stigma upon my name. I am aware that the
exerci-e of such a discretion must ever be at the p*-riJ of the
officer exercising it. That peiil I can never hesitate to in-
cur, whenever the welfare of the country demands iu If I
exercise it unwisely, I am willing that my commission shall
be forfeited; or if I cxercise it vainly, or for dishonorable
purposes, I am willing to be shot. I am more than willing
to abide the consequences of my conduct rn this matter,
confident as I am that I have not transcended my duty, or
acted with greater zeal than the emergency requited. If
the battles of the 8th and 9th of May, so well contested, as
thev were for a time, on both tides, had resulted m the loss
of Taylor's armv, it would have plunged the whole Union
into deep inoui ning, and into that most poignant of all human
griefs—an abiding sense of s clf-reproach for the settled and
cold indifference with which Ms want of competent force
and supplies had been for months witnessed.
The talented and gallant General Dc Buys, who for a long
time commanded the rinest division of volunteers I have
evei seen since the war of 1814 and '15, and who, [ ain sure,
ha5; 110 superior for the command of this desenptron of force,-
with L. Texada, E<q., one of the most promising young
members of the Legislature, and the talented Judge Bryce,
were not, as you seem to suppose, private citizens. They
were Louisiana volunteers, and gentlemen of high respect-
ability, and were appointed by me to act (-^officers of the
general staff—upon the same principle that the distinguished
Edward Livingston, A. L. Duncan, and John R. Grymes,
all firtot-iate lawyers, were appointed by Jackson to net as
tiaff officers.
Jackson's object was, as mv object has ever been upon
such occasions, to maintain the great principle upon which
ike defence and the indefienderice of our beloved Union must
forever depend; that to be a private volunteer is to hold a
station of high honor, whcnce an acting general staff may
with strict propriety be taken and put on duty in the absence
of the regular staff of tho army.
These appointments, and all the measures taken by me to
which you object, were deemed by me as essential duties,
and discharged by me upon principles sanctioned by the
greatest and best of men ever known to me, some of whom
took their devices in mihtaiy and political scicnce In the
school of our beloved Washington,Greene, and Knox; and
in the more civic echool of Jeffeis>on and Dcaiborn and Gal-
latin ; and though last, not least, in the school of Madison,
Eu^tis, Dallas, and Annstrong, Monroe, and Calhoun, the
mastei spirit* of the war of 38i2 to 1814 and 1815.
lie assnted, sn, that I will obev with much pleasure the
oiders of the President of the United States, according to
my oath of ofiiee. As to the reprimands with which you
have honored me in the la*tyeai,and in the last and present
month, although they stuke me as novelties not being war-
ranted by the sentence of a general comt-martiaI,yet I cheer-
fully submit to them, as they seem to be a source of pleasure
to the War Depaitment,and certainly inflict no injury on me.
I can conceive but one motive for their frequent occurrence,
and that )s, that my name shall be so bandied before the
country, that the public may bo prepared to see with indif-
ference my name passed by in silence if more distinguished
officers are created in the army. If this is so, the labor is
useless, aa I may very soon be unable to discharge the active
duties of niy profession, (though long in the enjoyment of
excellent health ;) for I am already old, of a contented dis-
position. and have received sufficient dMiiK'tioiis during mv
humble hie Not the lea«t of these distinctions do I regard
the late war meitsitraoi Oongicss and the President, and the
noble-hearted Louisianians, and the other whole-souled
western and southern men, in not only indirectly, but cx-
presslv, generously, and unanimously approving my conduct
in having for rnanv months uiged the adoption of the princi-
pal measures which have recently been carried as by accla-
mation.
T do not wish to have the place of any general or other
officer known to me. I, sir, was born at a time and reared
among men who had not, learned tho art of marching to dis-
tinction liy trampling under foot the claims of theii dearest
Ji lends or brother soldieis. Verv respectfully, yours,
EDMUND PENDLETON" GAINES,
Major General U S. Army, comd>g Western Dibision.
Hon. William L. Maroy,
Secretary of War, Washington city, D. C.
PETITIONS.
The PRESIDENT also presented the petition of
the American Philosophical Society, praying that
the provisions of the present tariff relative to the
admission of books, maps, and other scientific
works free of duty in<iy not be repealed; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition ofLyda
Lord, praying a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
THE SMITHSONIAN BEQUEST.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the following reso-
lutions, adopted by a convention of county super-
intendents of common schools, and friends of edu-
cation generally, held at Albany, New York, in
May last; which were ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed:
"Resolve'f, That while this convention are impressed with
profound lespect and veneiation for the memory of the late
James Sniithson, of England, and gratitude for his munifi-
cent legacy to the United States, made with a view to the
incrca*e and diffusion of knowledge among men, they can-
not suppress their deep mortification and painful regret, that
the representatives of the people of these United States
should have suffered a fund created for such noble and ex-
alted purposes to remain so long unemployed; and they do
respectfully, but most earnestly, recommend to the present
Congress to adopt sueh measures as will carry into immedi-
ate effect the benevolent intentions of the philanthropic and
liberal donor.
"Resolved, That a copy of this resolution, signed by the
president and secretaries, be forwarded to each of the. Sena-
tors in the Senate of the United States from the Stare of
New York."
Mr, BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported "A bill to provide for the organ-
ization of the volunteer forces brought into the ser-
vice of the United States into brigades and divis-
ions y and for the appointment of the necessary
number of general officers to command the same;"
which was read a' first and second time by its title,
when Mr. B. gave notice of his intention to ask the
Senate to-morrow to proceed to its consideration.
Mr. WEBSTER called for the reading of the
bill, and it was read.
Mr. WEBSTER said lie wets not at all surpris-
ed at the introduction of this bill; for aught he
knsw it was a necessary one; but it showed^ at all
events, that the law which it was intended to amend
and improve was but a piece of patchwork. That
law was not passed for calling into the service of
the United States the militia of the country, nor
was it passed in the regular exercise of the power
conferred upon Congress for raising and maintain-
ing an army. It was a mixed, an anomalous, an
incongruous system, as, he would venture to say,
this early occasion forks modification provbd it to
be, and as would be made abundantly evident be-
fore the war with Mexico was ended.
I shall not (continued Mr. W.) oppose the pro-
gress of this bill, I cannot say it is unconstitu-
tional, though I think it is irregular, inconvenient,
and not strictly conformable to the exercise of the
constitutional power of Congress. If those who are
charged with the conduct of the war, and are an-
swerable for its results, think it necessary, I sliaJI
not oppose it. But I will take the occasion now
presented, sir, of the second reading of an import-
ant bill respecting the troops called into the service*
to carry on the war, to make a few remarks re-
specting the war itself, and the condition in which
we find*ourselves in consequence of that war. The
war continues, and no man can say definitely when
it will end—no man can say, upon any reasonable
estimate, what expense will be incurred before its
conclusion.
We have received a very important communica-
tion from the President—I mean his message of
the 16th of June—setting forth his vie\vs and
opinions, and the views and opinions of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, with respect to the means
and sources of revenue for carrying on the war.
Upon this, sir, as well as upon one or two other
subjects connected with this billy I have a few re-
marks to make.
The Executive is responsible for the conduct of
the war, and for the application of the resources-
put at his disposal by the two Houses of Congress
for the purpose of prosecuting the war. For one,
I shall .not deny the Government any supplies
which maybe considered necessary. Whatever
may be thought of the origin of the war, the fact
that war does exist is itself a sufficient reason for
granting the means for prosecuting that war with
effect. Those who condemn the origin of the warf
and those who most earnestly long for its termina-
tion , will all agree that the refusal of supplies would
make no amends for what sonic lamentrand would
not hasten what I hope all desire.
The message of the 16th of June informs the
Senate and the country, that for the fiscal year
ending July, 1847, there will be, under the opera-
tion of the existing law for raising revenue, a defi-
ciency, if the war continues, of twenty millions of
dollars, and suggests the ways and means by which
it is expected that this deficiency will be made
good. I refer to these suggestions, for the purpose
of making a few observations upon them.
The object is to provide new sources of revenue,
which shall realize a fresh amount beyond that
furnished by the provisions of the existing law of
twenty millions of dollars between this time and
the first of July next year. That is the object.
The first suggestion in the communication from the
Executive Government is, that five millions and a
half may be produced by reducing the rates of du-
ties on certain imported articles, and by laying new
taxes on certain other articles, now free of ail duties;
meaning principally, I suppose, by those articles
now free, and which are to be taxed, tea and coffee.
There is also an intimation or an opinion expressed
by the Secretary of the Treasury that a million of
dollars will accrue to the Treasury under the opera-
tion of the warehouse bill, if that bill should become
a law. In the next place, it is estimated that, if the
