1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1017
est in the question. ^ I did say, however, that,
when I took my seat in the Senate the session be-
fore the last, there was pending in that body a bill
which purported to be a bill for the adjustment of
ail the large suspended land claims' .in Louisiana,
by the United States courts, which contained a
provision requiring patents to be issued in favor of
the claimants to the Houraas claim, without sub-
mitting the title to the decision of the courts, there-
by confirming it for upwards of 188,000 acres, it
having been previously confirmed by Congress to the
extent only of about six thousand acres; that, believing
the said claim to be unfounded, I had opposed that
provision of the bill requiring patents to be issued
tor the Houmas claim, although the bill contained
another provision confirming a claim to a tract of
land of six hundred and forty acres, derived from
the United States, which I held within the limits
of that portion of the Houmas claim for which a
patent had not been issued; that the said tract
of land was of but little value, and that I had
never attached any importance to it, and I do not
now believe that it could be sold for two dollars
per acre. To the value of that tract of land, how-
ever, I was interested in supporting, and not in
opposing that bill, which, in cffect, confirmed the
Houmas claim; so that, on that occasion, I voted
m direct opposition to my interest to the value of
that tract of land, ami I so informed my colleague
and other members of the Senate at the time. This
claim of six hundred and forty acres is not em-
braced within the limits of the lands covered by
the two patents issued by Mr. Bibh, the late Sec-
retary of the Treasury, to which the joint resolu-
tion relates, and would not in the slightest degree
be affected by the decision of the Senate upon the
said resolution. It is embraced in that portion of
the Houmas claim for which a patent has not
issued, and never will be issued, unless the claim
shall be contained by a. decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, whether the joint res-
olution be adopted by both Houses of Congress
or not; for the present Secretary of the Treasury
has rescinded the order made by Mr. Bibb, on the
3d March last, again directing a (latent to be issued
lor the said tract of land, notwithstanding the
House of Representatives had, at their last ses-
sion, passed a joint resolution, (which was rend
three times, passed, and sent to the Senate on the
same day,) forbidding a patent to be issued for the
said lands, and notwithstanding the Senate hud
passed unanimously at the same session a joint
resolution directing the Attorney General of the
United States to examine the title to the Hounins
grant, and to give his opinion as to the legality of
the two patents previously issued by Mr. Bibb for
portions of the claim. It is not now to be pre-
sumed, therefore, after all the proceedings referred
to, that a patent at any future period will bo issued
for the said lands, unless the claim should be con-
firmed by the judiciary. Thus it is clearly shown
that I have not the slightest interest, in the claims
covered by the two patents referred to, but that I
was directly interested in supporting, and not in
opposing the bill confirming tho Iloumas claim,
as before stated.
Some of the claimants of tho ITommis grant
are my personal and political friends, and have
been so for the last thirty years. It would, in-
deed, afford me groat pleasure to support their
claim, if I could do so, consistently with what I
consider to be a faithful performance, of my duties
here. If the grant be valid to the extent c)aimed,
it may be confirmed by the courts of the United
States, under tho recent act of Congress, passed
expressly for the purpose of enabling the claim-
ants under this, as well as under the other large
grants in Louisiana, to commence suits in the
courts of the United States, to try the validity of
their titles; and if the Houmas claim be valid to
that extent, I hope it may be so confirmed by tho
Supreme Court. It is not niy wish that the claim-
ants should be deprived of any right fairfy ac-
quired under the said grant.
In directing the patents in question to be issued,
Mr. Bibb states, in his written opinion addressed
to the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
that the Houmas claim is confirmed by an act of
Congress of the 18th of April, 1814, prescribing
the manner in which certain certificates shall be
issued, and certain surveys made. If this be so,
the Bastrop, Maison Rouge, and other large claims
in Louisiana, are confirmed also, by the same act.
But such a construction is contrary to the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court of the United States,
pronouncing the Maison Rouge claim fraudulent
and void beyond a league square; and it is contra-
ry to the decision of tfie same court, in the case of
Miner us. Tillottson, in which judgment was ren-
dered in favor of the defendant, and against the
validity of the Houmas grant to theextent claimed.
The members of the Senate must have witnessed
the extraordinary exertions made in both Houses
of Congress, within the hist two years, in favor of
the Houmas claim. Believing it to be unfounded
myself, and that, at all events, it should be dis-
posed of, as the other large claims in Louisiana
are to be disposed of, under the act of Congress
passed for the purpose, I have resisted the attempts
made to confirm the claim, and the issuing of pat-
ents without confirmation, and have been uniform-
ly sustained in my opposition by a large majority
of tho Senate. Hence it is that my mothes
throughout this whole transaction have been mis-
conceived, or intentionally misrepresented. Con-
scious of the rectitude of my course in regard to
this matter, I have hitherto disregarded, as I still
disregard, all attempts (whether wilfully or heed-
lessly made) to injure my character, or to impair
my standing' here or elsewhere; and I should not
have, noticed the reports alluded to, had not the
inquiry been made by a Senator on this floor.
CHIPPEWA INDIANS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, transmitting a report from the
Secretary of War, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, in relation to the removal of the
Chippewa Indians from the mineral lands of Lake
Superior; which, on motion of
Mr. WOODBRIDOrE, was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
THE PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. WEBSTER moved a postponement of the
prior orders of the day, in order to take up the
FIouso act declaratory of the powers and legal-
izing certain acts of the chief clerk of the Patent
Office; which was agreed to.
Tho bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, reported without amendment, and ordered
to a third reading.
Mr. W., asking the unanimous consent of the
Senate to the immediate passage of the bill,
Mr. CALHOUN submitted a few remarks, con-
cluding by a motion that it be laid upon the table;
winch motion was not agreed to.
By unanimous consent, the further considera-
tion of the subject "was then postponed until to-
morrow.
On motion ofMr. HAYWOOD, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
again opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OK REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 24,1846.
Tho Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
THE DEBATE ON THE TARIFF.
Mr. McKAY rose and said that he desired to
offer a resolution fixing a day on which the debate
on the bill reducing the duty on imports should lie
brought to a close. He had named Thursday, the
second day of July. If gentlemen on the other
side of the House would indicate a preference for
an earlier day, lie would, with pleasure, substitute
it. He asked the previous question on the adop-
tion of* the resolution, which was read as follows:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of
the Whole House on the state of the Union on the
bill of the House reducing the duty on imports,
and for other purposes, shall cease at two o'clock
on Thursday, the second of July next, (if the com-
mittee shall not sooner come to a conclusion upon
the same;) and the committee shall then proceed
to vote on such amendments? as may be pending,
or offered to the same, and shall then report it to
the House, with such amendments as may have
been agreed to by the committee.
Mr. ASHMUN was understood to suggest that
as there were but a very few members present, the
gentleman should let the resolution go over to a
later period of the day, simply giving notice that
he would then offer it.
Mr. McKAY hesitating, but not assenting—
The SPEAKER said: Does the gentleman from
North Carolina withdraw the resolution?
Mr. McKAY said he did not.
Mr. ASEIMUN thereupon moved that the res-
olution be laid oh the table.
Mr. McKAY asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. TIBBATTS, remarking that there was ob-
viously not a quorum present, moved that there be
a call of the House. ^
Mr. HENLEY was understood to say it struck
him that the suggestion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] was fair, and that it
would be better to waive the consideration of the
resolution until there was a more full attendance.
Mr. McKAY, remarking that a quorum would
soon be present, persisted in calling for the consid-
eration of the resolution.
The SPEAKER said the question was not de-
batable. The first question would be on the mo-
tion for a call of the House.
And the question having been taken, and decided
in the afliimative—
A call of the House was ordered.
The roll having been called, 126 members answer-
ed to their names.
And the names of the absentees having been call-
ed, 146 members appeared to be present.
And then, on motion of Mr. ASHMUN, all fur-
ther proceedings on the call were suspended.
The question now recurred on the motion of
Mr. Asiimun, that the resolution be laid on the
table.
And the question being taken, the vote resulted
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Ashmun, Barringer,
Blanchard, Brodliead, Wm. W. Campbell, Carroll, Clup-
inan, Coekt , Collamer, Cranston, Crozier, Culver, Darragh,
Delano, Dixon, Dockcry, Ed sail, Jolm H. E\vin«, Garvin,
Guldmgs, Giatuun, Gilder, Gunnel), Harper, Milliard, Ehas
B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Hudson, Washington Hunt,
Joseph R. IngcfrOll, Jenkins, Lewis, Long, McGaughev,
Mcllenry, Meilvame, Marsh, Miller, Moselev, Nivcn, Peii-
(lleion. Pollock, Ramsey, Rathlmn, Julius Rockwell, Jolm
A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Seaman, Severance, Truman
Smith, Albert Smith, C. B. Smith, Stephen*, Stiohin, Thi-
bodeaux, Ja^. Thompson, Tilden, Toombs, Truiuljo, Vinton,
and Winthrop—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Jolm Quincy Adams, Stephen Adams,
Anderson, Atkinson, Bavly, BcVhnger, Bt-H, Benton, J3i*<rs,
James, Black, James A. Black, Bowlm, Boyd, Bimkcibo/f,
Milton Broun, Wm. G. Brown, Burt, John H.Campbell,
Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Claike,
Cohli, Collin, Culloru, Cummin5;, Cunningham, Daniel, Jef-
ferson Davis, DeMott, Dobbin,Duniap, Ellsworth, Erdrnan,
Faran, Ficklin, Foster, Goodyear, Gordon, Grovei, Hamlin,
Haralson, Henley, Hoge, Hopkins, Hough, Geo. S. Houston,
Iluugcrford, J. B. Hunt, Hunter, C. J. fngensoll, J H. John-
son, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, G. W. Jones, Sea-
born Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy, Lawrence, Ligon> Lump-
kin, Mi/Clean, McClelland, McConncIl, Jos. J. McDowell,
James McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Barktey Martin,
Morns, Morse, Moultori, Payne, Porrill, PilKlmry, Tleid,
Il!wtr, Ritter, Roberts, Sawyer, Seammon, Seddun, Alexan-
der I>. Sims Simpson, Robert Smith, Stanton, St. John,
Strong, Sykes, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Towns, Ttcd-
way, Wheaton, Williams, Woodward, Yaricey, and Yost
—VS.
So tbc resolution was not laid on the table.
And the question recurring on the demand for
the previous question, there was a second.
And the main question (on the adoption of ihe
resolution) was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. RAMSEY asked the yens and nays thereon,
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson
Ba>ly, Bedingcr, Bell, Beaton, Big^s, James Black, J. A.
Black, Bowlm, Boyd, Brinkerhoft'. Milton Brown, William
Faran, Ficklin, Foster, Fries, Goodyear, Gordon, Giover,
Hamlin, Haialson, Harmanson, Heniey. Hoge, Hopkins,
Hough, George S. Houston, J. B. Hunt,' Hunter, diaries
J. Ingersoll, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson. Andrew
Johnson, George W- Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman,
Kennedy, Preston King, Kawrence, Lumpkin, Maela.v,
McClelland, McConneB, McCiate, Joseph J. McDowell,
James McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Barkley Maitin,
Morris, Morse, Moulton, Parish, Pen ill. PilMmiy, Reid,
Ritter, Roberts, Sawyer, Seammon, Seddon, Alexander D.
Sims, Simpson, Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, St.
John, Strong, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Towns, Tredway,
Wheaton, Williams, Wood, Woodward, Yancey, and
Yost—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quiney Adams, Arnold
Ashmun, Barringer, Rlancbard, Brodhead, William w!
Campbell, Carroll, Cocke, Cranston, Crozier, Darrarih
Dixon, Dockery, John H. Ewing, Edwin H. Ewin", Foot'
Garvin, Graham, Gnder, Giinnell, Harper, Hilliard, Eli as
B. Holmes? John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hud-
son, Washington Hunt, Joseph It. Ingersoll, Jenkins,. Leib
Lewis, Long, McLean, McGaughey, McHenry, Mellvaine'
Marsh, Miller, Moselcy, Niven, Payne, Pendleton, PolloekJ
