1020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J uoe124,
Again, it was said that those who engaged in
manufactures made vastly more money than any-
body else. If so, why did not others go into it ?
It was their own fault if they did not. The right
was not withheld from them. The door was not shut
against them. It was so very profitable a thing to
make clothing and to work in iron that the Govern-
ment could not let us follow it any longer. Well,
what must we do ? We must buy our goods and
our iron of those who worked in Europe. Suppose
we did, would they make no profit? If it was
such a very profitable business, must the English
have it to themselves, and no American be allow-
ed to share? Were these gentlemen willing to
pay foreign manufacturers any profits they choose
to demand, and yet grudged their countrymen the
same ? They might think this a patriotic feeling,
but Mr. C. really could not understand how.
He, as an American, pleaded in behalf of a pro-
tective policy, because as a nation we could not be
independent without it. Had we not tried the ex-
periment? We had free trade, and made trial of
its benefits over and over, and it worked with us
just as it did all over the world. Portugal had
tried it. By the celebuited treaty of Methucn
she had agreed to buy all her goods from Great
Britain, and give her natural products in return.
And what had been the practical result? From the
height of national prosperity, and the possession of
extensive foreign colonies, she had gone down
and down till she became herself but a colonial
dependency of England. Spain embraced the
same policy. She, too, took all her clothing
from England, and contented herself with rais-
ing wool. And how had the system worked there ?
As beautiful a country as the sun shone upon
had been brought to a state of general desolation.
That was the practical operation of the free-
trade system. That was the fruit of the doctrine
which commanded us to buy where we could buy
cheapest. Germany, Prance, and Russia had
adopted the contrary principle, and the contrast of
their condition tola its own tale. And yet, with
these facts before our eyes, we too, were invited to
join in this free-trade dance; to abandon our own
protection, and agree, like poor Portugal, to buy
where wc can buy cheapest. We had tried free
trade. We had free trade, and nothing but free
trade, when we were colonies. Our clothing and
our necessaries ,of all kinds were brought from
England, and what was the effect? Who need to
be reminded what it was ? To what did it lead ?
To the war of the Revolution in which we got
command of our own market. But now we were
invited to throw away all the experience of our
fatheis and return to our colonial bondage. The
sufferings of the Revolution were greatly enhanced
by our want of clothing. The march of our army
could he tracked by the blood from our soldiers'
feet, and why ? All the shoes in the country were
brought from England. But now the cry was that
we were to feed England and she was to clothe us!
After the Revolution we had free trade. Each
(State laid its own duties and they disagreed. This
free trade swept all the money from^ the country
and jnoduced uuneisal distress. We tried to
make 1'orcign treaties, but could not. Fiee trade
went on, and things grew worse and worse until
Shay's lebellion. The country was fast going
into a state of anarchy, and what was the difficul-
ty ? Nothing but free trade. It drained off all our
specie and brought us to the brink of ruin. We
weie saved by forming our Constitution. Then
came another war, and what was the great source
of suffering then in our army? It was not so
much their battles, but it was cold, shivering,
sleepless nights, passed for the want of blankets.
Mr. C. was then but a poor subaltern, yet lie had
to pay §11 for a yard of broadcloth such as he
could now get for §5, and it took a month and a
half's pay to procure a coat even of this. A small
blanket cost §14, not big enough to wrap a man
in. The Government was unable to comply with
its Indian treaties because it had no blankets. In
that war Congress had doubled all the duties, but
now it seemed that we were to pay for the war by
reducing duties one-half. At length peace came,
and free trade, with its blessings, came back again.
Importations poured in, and specie went out. We
tried the plan of banks, but there was no specie to
base them on, and they broke to pieces. Our old
distresses were fast coming back till we got the
tariffs of 1824 and 1828, and with them prosperity.
And then came the Compromise act. Duties came
down to twenty per cent., the same drain of specie
took place, and the same distress returned. Did
gentlemen want to try it all again? Had not .the
experiment been often enough repeated ? Ilad-.riot
the experience of all the world confirmed our own ?
Why rush once more upon the same miseries ?
But supposing this to be res integra, that we had
vested nothing, and had nothing to sacrifice, what
ought our policy to be? , Mr. Secretary Walker
had lectured us on the doctrine that free trade was'
the best system for all the nations in the world.
It might, perhaps, be the best system if all the
world would embrace it; but it certainly was not
the best system for us. Experience proved that
if two farms had' water of different levels, and
a free communication was made between them, all
the water would run out of the one on to the other.
So if two farms had pastures of different qualities,
and the fences were thrown open, the cattle of both
farms would soon be found in one field, till at
length the grass on both farms was equally short,
and the cattle equally poor. The improvements
in navigation had brought us contiguous to Eu-
rope; and if we were to adopt the principle of free
trade and buying in the cheapest market, it was
easy to predict what would be the conscquences.
Let gentlemen remember that it was left for this
country to solve the great question whether a peo-
ple were competent to self-government. Let them
not forget our high calling under God, as the ad-
vocates of a free constitution; and let them remem-
ber that if our experiment failed we should have
much to answer for to our posterity and to the
world of mankind. We were pre-eminently a pe-
culiar people. We had assumed an exalted posi-
tion before the other nations, and had professed
to them that, under our form of Government,
the mass of the people were and must be better
clothed, better fed, better housed, better instructed,
than the people of any other country. Let us not
bring such a people in contact and competition
with the wretched paupers of Europe, and subjcct
them to a like degradation. Our farmers must not
be degraded to labor at sixpence a day, and oblige
their wives and daughters to labor with them in
the fields, that they may raise their produce so
low as to meet the foreign producer in the foreign
market.
Mr. H ARMANSON (of whose remarks a full
report will be given in the Appendix) followed in
favor of the proposed change in thetariff policy,and
against the continuation of a system which, lie said,
was fraught with ruin to the agricultural, commer-
cial, and maritime interests of the country, which
was sapping the liberties of the people, and bring-
ing down this free government to a centralized
monetary despotism.
Mr. BIGGS said: Considering, as I do, that the
bill under consideration is the great question of the
day, I am induced to depart from my usual course,
to submit some few remarks on this deeply inter-
esting subject, which I design shall be of a practi-
cal character. It seriously affects every class and
every section, " for better or for worse." A crisis
has arrived in the history of this Government,
when, without the once plausible excuse that gov-
ernmental protection to manufactures was indispen-
sable to national independence, we are to determine
whether this Government is to distribute its bur-
dens and benefits with an impartial hand, or is to
be made the instrument of oppression of the many
for the benefit of a favored few; whether we are to
lay and collect taxes with the view of supporting
the Government—the only legitimate object of tax-
ation in any .shape; or whether our institutions are
to be made subservient to that avaricious desire of
the worst part of human nature—a desire to filch
fiom the pockets of the masses a portion of their
earnings, to fatten and pamper a privileged class.
And in connexion with this important question,
we are also to decide that great problem, often
mooted, " Have the people the intelligence, to gov-
ern themselves?"—for it is now insisted that the
object and consequence of this policy is to promote
the prosperity of American industry!—or, more
properly, it is a system to tax American labor to
increase the profits of manufacturing capital; and,
in the event this policy is successfully and perma-
nently adopted, we are called upon and asked to
admit that the people are so stultified they cannot
comprehend how they are injured by taxation not
necessary for the support of their Government. It
is, therefore, an important question in every point
of view, and the result will most clearly demon-
strate whether the aim of our revolutionary fathers,
in the establishment of-our institutions, designed to"
be free and equal, shall be realized, or whether, ia
their- administration, this cardinal doctrine is to be
disregarded-, and by legislative legerdemain and
artful sophistry the masses of the people are to be
gulled and plundered, for the advantage and pro-
motion, of a favored class or section.
With my constituents, the agricultural interest
greatly predominates; and my district 1 think there-
fore fairly represents the interest of the people of
these United States. , Leave that great interest as
free, unfettered, and unburdened as-possible, and
you arrive at that great resfilt which should be the
end of a free government. You dispense the great-
cstgood to the greatest number. Thip Government,
to support itself, is authorized by its creators,-the
people of the United States, to draw sufficient reve-
nue for that purpose from their productions in sev-
eral modes. The Constitution provides that " the
Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises; to pay the debts
and provide for the common defence and general
welfare of the United States; but all duties, im-
posts, and excises. shall be uniform throughout
the United States." Here is the 'power, and the
only power, to tax. To express it more concisely,
you may tax equally the people to defray the
expenses of Government. To this extent every
patriotic heart is willing cheerfully and promptly
to respond. In carrying this power into prac-
tice, however, it must be .admitted there is an
impracticability in making it exactly equal. Ap-
proach that point as nearly as possible, and you
have done all that can be reasonably expected
of human action. - But adopt the protective poli-
cy, you- confessedly adopt a rule unequal in its
operation; for without an inequality in the public
burdens you have not the means of protection. By
common consent'of the people this Government de-
rives its revenue and support by taxing merchan-
dise imported from foreign countries. This tax is
preferred, because it is collected indirectly, though
not more uncertainly, from the pockets of the people.
This, like all other taxes, therefore, should be dis-
tributed as equally as possible; an equality con-
sistent with the privileges and benefits each citizen
of our happy country derives; from its institutions.
Depart from this rule intentionally, let ft become
the permanent practice of this Government, and
while you laud our Constitution as the fairest fab-
ric of human invention to secure" liberty and hap-
piness to the human family, you make the adminr
istration of laws, professedly made in pursuance of
it, more intolerable, more iniquitous, more oppres-
sive, and more tyrannical than any odious edict
that ever emanated from an eastern despot.
Suppose the Government, in its maternal solici-
tude for the prosperity of its citizens, should dis-
tinctly avow that, in the opinion of those who ad-
ministered that Government, the public interest re-
quired them to impose a tax upon A, B, and C,
farmers, to increase the profits and protect the in-
terest of D, E, and F, manufacturers, wpuld this be
called equality and even-handed justice? Would
this be tolerated in the courts of law, or the courts
of the people, under that Constitution which limits
and defines our powers ? Suppose you pass a law
avoiuedly to take a "portion of the earnings of one
section and pay it over to another section, of one
class and pay it over,to another, specifying the sec-
tion and class, would this comport with our ideas
of justice, equality, and the powers conferred upon
Congress under the Constitution ? And still, strip-
ped of all the sophistry which interested ingenuity-
has thrown around the subject, a protective tariff
is this hideous system of plunder, oppression-, and
iniquity. The true doctrine was forcibly and cor-
rectly expressed in a resolution of a meeting of
the citizensof Boston in 1820. It is this:
" Resolved, That no objection ought ever to be made to
any amount of taxes equally apportioned, and imposed for
the purpose of raising revenue necessary for the support of
Government, but that axes imposed on the people 8>r tSe
sole benefit of any one eiassof men, aro equally inconsistent
with the principles of our Constitution and witli souad pol-
icy."
The truth and reason avowed in this resolution
can never be impaired or controverted; and yet
men's judgments may be so blinded by self-inter*
est, their appetites so increased by indulgence, that
what was reason and truth in the'ir estimation yes-
terday , is to-day nothing but theory, unsupported by
fuels. This is the only way to accountfcr the nu-
merous circulars and pamphlets with which our
