THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 30, 1846.
New Series....No. 65.
July—that this measure would not be acted upon ?
On the contrary, he believed the time given was
ample for this and every legitimate, purpose of
government. It had been suggested by the Sena-
, tor from Missouri, that we should, before proceed-
ing in this matter—that is, the establishment of a
government for Oregon—await the arrival of the
British steamer, which would be expected here
about the 3d of August. Should this course be
adopted, in his opinion the month of September
would hardly witness an end to this session of
Congress. But why wait? "Why not set about
this-matter now—to-day? What difficulty is there
in it? The establishment of the government need
not necessarily contain an exact description of
boundaries. But if it were otherwise, could we
not do it? Did we not all know what the bound-
aries were? No man doubted the ratification of a
treaty, sooner or later, by both Governments, es-
tablishing the boundciiies. It was certain enough
to authorize legislation upon it as a "fixed fact."
But if it were otherwise, then he would ask,
what objection there was to acting now for the fu-
ture—that is, by establishing a provisional gov-
ernment? Let the act establishing a government
be passed, to go into effect provided a certain con-
tingency occurred. All would understand him as
referring to a treaty in reference to this territory.
What difficulty could there be in all this? lie
could see none. Officers were appointed in the re-
cess of Congress by the President in other cases;
why should he not be empowered to do it ill this
case ?
But it has been said that there were several very
important, bills in the hands of the Committee on
finance, not yet acted upon, that would occupy
much time. It was true there were several im-
portant bills in the hands of that committee; and
how often had we heard inquiries put to the hon-
orable chairman of that committee, from various
parts of the Senate Chamber, why it was so?—
why those bills were kept, back so long, while all
were talking about the want of tune? These grent
measures, for one, he was prepared, and was, in-
deed, anxious to meet. He was not one. of those
who wished to give them the go-by. His senti-
ments on those great questions were not unknown,
and he would be glad of an opportunity to carry out
and consummate his views by his vote. He could
perceive no reason, viewed in any light in which
Senators chose to place it, why this session should
be prolonged beyond the day he had named. lie
had the honor of a seat in the other branch of
Congress for four years, and lie had, during that
period, made it his invariable rule to vote for the
earliest day of adjournment, well knowing that, as
soon as the day should bo fixed, the business
would at once adapt (Iself to that. time. The great
business of the session was to be done—every-
body understood that; and whether we had two,
three, or four weeks to do it in, it would Ik dune.
When was a Congress ever found willing to as-
sume the responsibility of leaving un( tssed any
of the great measures necessary for the proper ad-
ministration ofthe Government, on the ground of
a want of time ? Never. What was necessary
and proper to be done always was done, and per-
haps the better done for the reason that there was
no surplus time for long speeches. Again, he
hoped he should be pardoned for saying that, in
his estimation, the argument of Senators against
this resolution derived no force from the circum-
stance that they were always found voting against,
meeting at an earlier hour, and always in favor of
adjourning over Fridays and Saturdays, thereby
throwing away two days in the week. If they
were really in favor of the great measures alluded
to, and were anxious to have time to act upon
them, why not avail themselves of the present
time? Why fritter this away in the expectation
that the day of adjournment is constantly to be
pushed off to an indefinite, or to a late period ?
But he was hot disposed to prolong the discussion
of this question, and would close with a motion to
amend the resolution by inserting the 27th day of
July; fully believing that this would afford ample
time for the proper consideration and deterniina-
65
tion of every important measure before the present
Congress.
Mr. LEWIS asked the Senator from Maine,
when had a bill been delayed by the Committee
on Finance for months? and when had he ever
been appealed to by Senators to report any measure
so delayed ?
Mr. FAIRFIELD referred to the independent
treasury bill. The Senator from Alabama would
remember, among others, that the Senator from
Indiana had made inquiries about it, as well as
other Senator*.
Mr. LEWIS continued. No man in his senses
would go for an adjournment in July, without in-
tending to give the go-by to the great measures of
the session. Whoever went for such a proposition
must be opposed to a repeal of the tariff. He had
delayed no great measure. He had stated, and
would state again, that when the waiehousing bill
is disposed of, he would be ready to take up the
independent treasury bill, and to pass it. The
appropriation bills yet remain before us. These
billy did not come to the Senate until five or six
months of the session had passed, and now they
arc crowded in upon upon us, and we are expected
to do in five or wx weeks what the House of Rep-
resentatives, aided by the previous question, had
been six months in preparing. We have no rules
for shortening debate as in the other House. We
cannot &et through with the ordinary business before
thc37tii of July- The warehousing bill, the inde-
pendent treasury bill, the Oregon bill, will then re-
main. Congress has been in session six or seven
months, and business is not in a forward state. The
olher I louse has found it necessary to insert in some
of the appropriation bills subjects that should be
passed by special acts. In short, we hear of
nothing hut u appropriations." One Administra-
tion goos out, and another comes m; but ii is btill
the old song of " appropriations;1' nothing con-
cerning a change of policy is oared about, whether
Whig or Democratic measure^ prevail. When
members get the appropriations, they are ready
to go home and leave the great measures which
the people trusted to them untouched. Surely
this should not bo the way in which Congress de-
liberates for the country.
Mr. BALtBY said he was always diligent in at-
tendance here. If we have spent seven months, it
has not been wasted. We have been involved in
one war, anil, ns it is said, have just averted anoth-
er. This has been the most important session of
Congress since the adoption of the Constitution.
These seven months have not been foolishly wasted.
Olher measures, postponed by these extraordinary
measures, now come up. Above all, the. question
of taxation demands attention. Surely this is too
early a day for adjournment. If we have devoted
seven months to foreign affairs, we ought to devote
some time lo our own. If we are well employed,
we need not fear that the people will sustain us in
a long scfwion.
Mr. SPEIGHT had come from a sick bed to
record his vote against this resolution. The tariff
bill will not be received by the Committee on Fi-
nance till within a fortnight of the day mentioned.
Will two weeks be sufficient for that committee to
examine it, and for the Senate to act upon it? Is
it intended to give this bill the go-by? if it is not,
then we cannot fix the day for adjournment men-
tioned in the resolution.
Mr. CLAYTON said the gentlemen on the other
side would acknowledge him to he very obliging;
but it was hard to find out what they wanted.
"Who can decide when doctors disagree?" One
Senator on the opposite side wants the 27th of July
fixed as the day for adjournment. Another wants
the 3d of August, He was willing to grant them
all thev asked, and would therefore adhere to the
3d of August. The day, whatever it is, should be
fixed. The same arguments would always be used
against any day for adjournment. If tne bill be
laid on the table till the 20th of July, the same rea-
sons will be urged then as now. He would give
them any time they asked; but is it not fair to ask
that they should name some time?
Mr. DICKINSON would not permit any one to
put constructions on his votes. He would sustain
the sub-treasury law, the modification of the tarifl,
and other great measures, but he must be permitted
to say that he thought it was time to fix a day for
adjournment. He was happy to hear the Senator
from Arkansas [Mr. Sevier] say that we were in
the majority. He (Mr. D.) was anxious and wil-
ling to acton all the matters before Congress. Other
gentlemen have their responsibilities: he had his;
but he believed that the people of his State thought
it time to adjourn. We had been longenough here.
If we wait for steamer after steamer, they will be
coming every month. There will be another one
the 19th of August. If we wait on in this way,
we will sit through the whole year. Unless we
mean to do this, we had better go home.
Mr. COLQUITT thought if we were very pa-
triotic we could work without any day being fixed.
He would fix the day of adjournment as that day
on which we could get through with outwork. No
one wants to sit here when there is nothing to do;
but while work remains to be done the people ex-
pect us to remain at our posts. We were elected
to discharge certain duties; let us boldly meet them.
We can adjourn when the work is done. We
should not adjourn sooner. He was in favor of
laying the resolution on the table.
Mr. BENTON said in reply to the Senator from
New (York, [Mr. Dickinson,] that he (Mr. D.)
knew very well there was but one steamer to which
he could refer, which was expected to bring us any
particular news of importance. As for making us
work slower or faster by fixing a day for ad journ-
ment, he always worked the same way. He was
a working man; and working men needed no ex-
traneous application to make them do their duty.
Why can we not, adjourn without giving- ourselves
thirty days'notice? He wanted the work done;
then he would go home.
Mr. DICKINSON replied that the steamer of
the 19th of July might or might not bring out the
intelligence expccted. As for the gentleman's care
for Oregon, new converts were generally the most
enthusiastic. He might bring m his bill for ex-
tending our laws over all Oregon, if he chose,
though that would be rather difficult now. lie
did not'eare how others voted, lie would give hia
vote to fix a day for adjournment.
Mr. BENTON did care how others voted. As
it would not disoblige the Senator from New York,
if other Senators voted to lay the resolution on the
tabic, he could assure them it would oblige him
very much, and he hoped they would so act, as it
would be agreeable to all. He renewed the mo-
tion to lay the resolution on the table.
The yeas and nays were then ordered on the
motion to lay the resolution on the table, and re-
sulted—yeas*27, nays 23, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, B;ig-
I)v. Kenion, Uruese, < laihoun, Cass, Chalmers, Colquitt, Hay-
wood, Houston, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisia-
na, Lewr*. McDultio, Mangum, Phelps, Ru.*k, Sevier,
Speight, Sturgeon, Turney, Wcstcott, Woodbridge, and Yu-
lee—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Berrien, Bright, Cameron, Oil-
lev, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden,
Davis*, Davton, Dickinson, l)i\, Evans, Fairfield, Greene,
Huntington, Jnmagin, Miller, Morehead, Scmple,Simmons,
and Upham—23.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. EAGBY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, being objected to, lies over under the
rule:
Resolved, That after this day, the Senate will
meet at eleven o'clock A. M,
ORGANIZATION OF VOLUNTEER FORCES.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate resum-
ed, as in Committee of the Whole, the considera-
tion ofthe following bill, reported yesterday from
the Committee on Military Affairs:
A BILL to provide for the organization of the volunteer
forces, brought into the service of the United States, into
hiigades and divisions, and for the appointment ofthe
accessary number of general officers to command the
same.
Be it enacted by the Senate and IIoiisc of Representatives
of thp United States of Jimerira in Congress assembled, That
the President of the United States be, and he is beieby, au-
thorized to organize into brigades and divisions such of the
