1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
volunteer forces as have been ormay be called into the sei-
vjee of the United States, under the. act approved May thir-
teen, eighteen hundred and forty- ix, entitled "An act pro-
viding for the prosecution of the e\i..ung war between the
United States and the Republic of Mexico and that he be,
and hereby is authorized to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, such number of major generals
and brigadier generals as the organization of such volunteer
force* into brigades and divisions may render necessary:
Provided, That the bngadicr generals and major generals
so appointed shall be discharged from service bv the Presi-
dent of the United States, when the war with Mexico shall
be tuiminated by a definitive treaty of peace, duly concluded
and rattled; or, in case the brigades or divisions of volun-
teers at any tune in the service shall he reduced in number,
the brigadier generals and major generals herein provided
for shall he di.-chaiged in proportion to the reduction in the
number of the bngadesand divisions : Jlndprovided, farther,
That each brigade of vohmteeis shall consist of not less
than three regiments, and each division shall consist of not
less tnan two bngades.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to amend the bill
by striking out all after the word "Mexico," in
the ninth line, down to the proviso at the end of
the same, and inserting the following addition sec-
tions:
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That when the number of
regiments of such volunteer forces, called into the service
of the United States from any one State, inidei the said act
of the 13th of May, 1846, shall be sufficient to tonn a brigade,
a brigadier general for the command thereof shall be ap-
pointed by tiie proper authority of the State to which they
belong, in the manner prescribed by the laws of said State.
Siic. 3. lie it furlhei enacted, That the second section of
the e''t cntiUed "An act Mipplementa] to an act pioviding
for the prosecution of the existing war between the United
States and the Republic of Mexico, and for other purposes,"
appioved the —-day of June, 184(5, be, and the same is
hereby repealed.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted. That the Pi evident of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized to appointhv
and with tile consent of the Senate, two hi igadier generals
in addition to the present lnihtaiy establishment.
Mr. BENTON said this was a renewal of the
debate of yesterday, and a few remarks would be
sufficient to show that the amendments proposed
ought not to be adopted. They were incongruous
to the bill, and seem to proceed upon an erroneous
idea. The amendment seems to suppose that di-
visions and brigades are to come from States, and
to act together as such; not so the fact. Regiments
are the highest organization authorized; and al-
though it may happen that a sufficient number of
regiments may be called from one State to consti-
tute a brigade, or a division, yet they are not call-
ed as such, and may not be employed together
after they go into the field. One regiment may go
to one place, and another to another place, and
may never act together as a brigade or division.
The incongruity of the State generals would be
manifest. The volunteers are for a year; the mili-
tia generals will come by seniority, and be for six
months. All the generals in the service should be
on the same footing—all appointed by the President
and Senate, and all entitled to equal command and
respect according to their grade. The bill proposes
to appoint generals to serve during the war: if the
war continues more than a year, and generals gain
some experience, we do not wish to disband them.
The States, without a new law, could not appoint
generals to serve either for the war, or for a year;
the generals for six months would be an incon-
gruity. Seniority is the rule of service among the
militia; and that rule might give a general too old
for the active and distant eervicc which these vol-
unteers may have to perform. The President and
Congress are responsible for the management of
this war: it is a Federal, and not a State war. The
Federal Government is responsible for its manage-
ment, and its management will depend upon the
generals. Congress votes—the President orders 
but the generals act: and thus the management of
the war devolves at last upon the generals. They
become the executors of the votes of Congress, and
of the orders of the President, and, therefore,
should bo appointed by Federal authority—by the
President and Senate. This is the principle of the
bill reported by the committee; and to transfer the
appointment of generals to the States, would be to
put the management of the war out of the hands of
those who declared it, and who are responsible to
the country for its management. The amendment
of the Senator from Kentucky seemed to Mr. B.
to involve incongruities and impossibilities—incon-
gruities, in giving six months' generals to twelve
months' men; impossibilities, in looking to the
States for generals which are to serve for a term
unknown to their militia systems, and which would
require the State Legislatures to be called together
alv Pass a new law for their appointment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN explained his amend-
ments, and pointed out the difference between his
proposition and that of the Military Committee at
length, and urged with much earnestness several
arguments in favor of his proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, opposed the
amendment of Mr. Crittenden.- He showed the
difficulties to be encountered in carrying out the
provisions of the amendments.
Mr. CASS was in favor of the bill as it is. The
President is responsible for the war. What he
thinks necessary should not be withheld.
Mr. CRITTENDEN replied to the Senators
from Michigan and Maryland,. defending his
amendment against the objections urged.
Mr. COLGlUITT said it was only to officer the
regiments already raised when mustered into bri-
gades that this bill was intended.
Mr. HOUSTON supported the bill, and spoke
in reply to Mr. Crittenden.
Mr. WESTCOTT offered an amendment to that
of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,]
by which the President was to call on the Executive
of the State or Territory furnishing a brigade of
volunteers, to detail and furnish a brigadier gene-
ral of the militia of said State or Territory to com-
mand such brigade; and so, also, if a State fur-
nished a division, a major general of militia to
command such division; and if a brigade ordivision
was composed of volunteers from different States
or Territories, that the President might call on the
Executive of any one of them for such officers.
He said his objection to the amendment of the
Senator from Kentucky was, that it was impracti-
cable—nay, impossible—to carry it out. It pro-
vided that the Governor of the State was to appoint
the generals according to the law of the State.
Now, in several of the States—in Florida, for in-
stance—the general officers of the militia are elected
by those subject to military duty in the bounds of
brigades and divisions. In others, the Legisla-
tures elected these officers. In others, the regi-
mental officers or brigade officers. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky would not
secure the volunteers officers of their choice. What
brigade or division should elect in Florida, if that
State furnished a brigadier or major general's com-
mand? In those States where the Legislature
choose such officers it must be convened. It could
be readily seen in such cases the laws could not be
carried out. At any rate, great delay would ensue.
Mr. W. said he was opposed to the bill reported,
as he conceived it was a deadly blow to the rights
of the States, as tending to degrade and destroy
the militia, lie believed the militia general officers
m the States were mostly excellent officers, and
best qualified to command volunteers. He believed
there were as good officers m the militia as in the
regular army. Mr. President, (said Mr. W.,) in
your city (Philadelphia) I believe there is as much
military ability, and intelligence, and patriotism,
and of every quality requisite for a good general
officer among your militia generals, as there is to
be found possessed by the same number of regu-
lar officers. I would as soon trust the militia gen-
eral officer of my own State as the best in the
regular army, and much sooner, in command of
Florida volunteers; and I say this without mean-
ing in the least to disparage the officers of the
army. Sir, (said Mr. W.,) the militia officers are
chosen by their fellow-citizens, who know them
personally. But, I ask, how is the President to
ascertain the fitness of the candidates who will be
proposed for brigadierships, &e.? I suppose by
the recommendations of members of Congress, as
he cannot know all the candidates personally. In-
stead of being selected for superior qualifications,
it will be next to an impossibility for the President
to avoid selecting men whose chief claims are po-
litical services rendered or to be rendered. Mr.
W. said he was not for unnecessarily increasing
the Federal Executive patronage. Jackson, Brown,
Porter, and others, of the best general officers of
the last war, where militia officers when they first
went into the service.
Mr. W. said the volunteers who had so nobly
come forward at the call of their country, would
be surprised by the passage of the bill under con-
sideration. It would create dissatisfaction among'
them, and he thought not without reason. They
did not anticipate it. They expected to be com-
manded by their own State officers, and not by
Federal army officers. There was a natural jeal-
ousy amongst volunteer militia against officers of
the regular army. Mr. W. said he did not coin-
cide with those Senators who put the gallant, pa-
triotic volunteers, often among the best citizens of
the country, on the same footing with the .merce-
naries and others, too, many of them-foreigners,
who enlisted in our regular army as private soldiers
for a living, and who would continue mere soldiers
as long as they could find food and raiment in the
service. All our regulars were'not of such class,
but too many were. The volunteers laid off their
habiliments as citizens, and became soldiers tem-
porarily, and, they would return to their former
occupations, as soon as their country no longer
needed their services. Such estimation of the vol-
unteers, classing them with the regalar soldiers,
degraded them; it was an insult to them, and he
did not acquiesce in its justice. Mr." W. said he
did not agree that, this war Was the President's
war, or that he was responsible for it; and, there-
fore, that he was to have the sole conduct of it,
and so forth. It was the country's war. Congress
was as much responsible for it as the Executive.
Every Senator and Representative was responsible
for its proper conduct. All were bound to second
and aid the Executive in bringing it to a speedy-
close, and he was prepared to do so; and he repel-
led with scorn any imputation that, because he dif-
fered as .to the- mode or means of best effecting it,
he was lukewarm, much less disposed to create
obstacles to its successful prosecution. For one.,
he diil not intend to allow himself, in the huzza,
and smoke, and noise of war, to be persuaded or
induced by any means to vote for measures that
would establish a dangerous precedent, or lead to
confusion and dissatisfaction. His object was to
strengthen the power of the country.
The debate was continued by Messrs. DIX,
CRTTTENDEN, CALHOUN, BENTON, and
JOHNSON of Maryland.
Mr. BERRIEN said he would vote for the first
clause of the amendment of the Senator from Flor-
ida, and gave his reasons at some length, but could
not vote for the two last clauses. He gave his
reasons for his opposition to the two last clauses at
some length also.
Mr. CRITTENDEN hoped the Senator from
Florida would withdraw his amendment, and ad-
duced his reasons therefor.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he would withdraw the
two last clauses, but he could not comply with the
request of the Senator from Kentucky as to the
first,and he reiterated his form'erarguments in favor
of its adoption.
The question was then taken on Mr. West-
cott's amendment to the amendment submitted
by Mr. Crittenden, and the same was disagreed
to.
The question recurring upon Mr. Crittenden's
amendment, the yeas and nays were called there-
on, and resulted as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Arche r, Barrow, Cilley, J.M.Clayton,
Convin, Ciittenden, Davis, Dayton, Greene, Huntmgtoaj
Jarnagin, Manguin. Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Simmons,
Upiiam. and Woodbridge—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Atlierton, Benton, Berrien,
Breese, Bright, Cass, Chalmers, Thomas ClaUon, Colquitt,
Dickinson, T)ix, Fairfield, Haywood, Houston, Johnson of
Maryland, McDufiie, Rusk. Semple, Sevier, Speight, Stur-
geon, Tumey, Westcotl, and Yulee—25.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time, and, by
unanimous consent, was immediately read a third
time by its title, and passed. *-
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 25,1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. ASHMUN asked Mr. McK. to withdraw
the motion, to enable him (Mr. A.) to introduce a
proposition the character of which was not stated.
Mr. McKAY, remarking that the gentleman
could introduce the proposition this evening, de-
clined to withdraw his motion.
Whereupon Mr. ASHMUN demanded a divis-
ion on that motion.
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
ayes 62, noes 16.
No quorum voting.
Mr, BOYD moved that there be a call of the
House.
