1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
to the same with the following amendment, vu: Stnke out
tin* whole of said amendment of the Hou^e, ana insert, 111
Iipu thereof, the following: * And it shall l>e the duty of the
< diffeient agents mid sub-agents to take n een&us, and to ob-
'tain such other statistical information of the scveial tubes
'of Indians among whom they respectively reside, a-s maj
1 be required bv the Secretary of War, and in such form as
'he shall prescribe,' .
"Tliatlhe Senate iccede from its disagreement to the
amendment of the Ilou^e to its llth amendment, and agree
to the tamo with the following f>rovi>o: cProvided, That the
'money hoiein or heretotfui* appropriated for the payment
< of the appiaissed value of the Wyandotte improvement*,
< shall be paid by an agent of the United States to the seveial
< individual Indian claimants in person, or, in the event of
< the death of any of the ouginal claimants then to his 1'ani-
<ily. and to no other person or persons whatsoever.'
"That the House recedcfiom its djsagi cement to the 10th
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
"That the Hou^e recede from its disagreement to the 90th,
21st, and 2'M amendments ot the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: Strike out the whole
nf the said three amendments, and agree to the following m
hen thereof:
uSrc.—. Jtnd he it further enacted, That the sum of
$;.\GuO heietoforepaid to the President of the United States,
under the treaty made with the Seneca Indians of New
Yoik, m the year 18-43, for the benefit of said Indians, and
the >took in which the same may have been inve>ted, f-hall
be, and the same is hereby, uken absolutely to the use of
the United Stares, in aceoi dance with the prayer of said In-
dians; and it shall be the duty of the Societal y of the Treas-
ury to cancel the said stock, and place upon the books of
his depaitment the amount of ^75,000 to the ciecht of t-nid
Indians, upon which sum interest thereafter shall lie paid to
them at the rate of five per centum per annum: Provided,
Thai any interest which ma> be duo and unpaid on ^<iid
stock at the time of its cancellation shall he foithvvith p:nd
io them.
"Sec. —. And he it further enacicd, That the President
of the United States be, mid he is hereby, authorized to re-
ceive from the Ontano P,ank of Now York, any stock of tlie
public debt of the United States, or money tvhich the said
batik may hold in trust for the said Seneeas, whenever the
said Indians, or other persons whose consent may be neces-
sary, shall in proper form authoiizo the transfer; and to
caiuse the stock to be cancelled, and the amount thereof,
and of any moneys which he rimy receive, to be deposited
in the treasury to the credit of said Indians, upon which
amount interest thereafter shall be paid to them at the rate
of five per centum per annum, until Couplers maydireet the
principal in this and the preceding section to be paid to tlie
Indians.
"Sf.c.—. Jivd he it further enacted, That the Seeietarv
of War bo, and he is hereby, required to ascertain what an-
nuities or moneys have been wrongfully withholden from
the said Senocas by the late sub-agent of the United States,
and so lost to them: and to that end, the said Secretary is
authoiized, ifin his judgment it shah be necessary orexpe-
diont so to do,.to issue a commission or commissions to
some discreet person or p'ersons, to be selected by him to
take testimony in the piemises, and to report the same to
Congress; and to defray any expenses which mav be in-
curicd in the execution of the provisions of ihi^ section, a
sum not exceeding five hundred dollair> is hereby appio-
priated.
"That the House receded fiom its disagreement to the
first amendment of the Senate, and agreed to the .same with
the following amendment:
"Strike out the woids 1 fully accounted for, and settled
all existing balances that may be outstanding and unac-
counted for,' and illicit in lieu thereof' .settled his aeeounts
of the preceding year, and sati^faotoi ily >hown that all bal-
ances in favoi of the Government, winch may appeal to be
in lus hands, are ready to he paid over on the order of the
department.' "
The question being taken upon concurring with
tlie report, it was agreed to.
THE MEMPHIS CONVENTION.
Mr. CALHOUN, from the special committee to
whom was referred the memorial of the Memphis
Convention, reported a " Bill authorizing the ap-
' pointment of aboard of engineers to make an ex-
6 amination and survey of the Mississippi, with a
* view to the improvement of its navigation, and
* provision for the gradual reduction of the price
4 of the swamps and inundated public lands lying;
i thereon within the States of Louisiana, Arkan-
6 sas, Mississippi, Illinois, and Missouri;" which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. C. said that he rose to present the report of
the special committee to whom was referred the
memorial of the Memphis Convention. Before send-
ing the report to the Secretaiy's table, iie would
make a few explanatory remaiks. The conven-
tion was called to deliberate on the best means for
developing the resources of the western and south-
ern Atlantic States. They adopted twenty resolu-
tions. They embrace many measures, some more
and others less important. The committee con-
fined their attention to four or five of the most im-
portant. Among them they regarded the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Mississippi and its
great tributaries as by far the most important.
They accordingly directed their attention especially
to it. The result of their deliberation was a unani-
mous opinion that Congress had the power, under
the Constitution, to improve its navigation; that it
is embraced in the power to regulate commerce
among the States; and that it is restricted to the
removal of the obstructions which endanger or im-
pede its navigation, with the exception of one of
the members, the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Barrow,] who believed the restriction was too
limited.
In conclusion, Mr. C. moved that the further
consideration of the subject be postponed until two
weeks from Monday next, and that the bill be
made the special order for that day.
Mr. BREESE expressed some regret that the
Senator from South Carolina should have seen-fit
to introduce into the bill anything connected with
the system of the public lands, which had been
under the careful revision and examination of the
appropriate committee, and a bill already matured.
He thought it entirely foreign to the subject before
the select committee. He hoped that so great a
subject as that of the public lands would not be
acted on, at least in so partial a manner as that
contemplated in the bill reported.
Mr. CALHOUN was of opinion that his hill
would harmonize entirely with the views of the
friends of the land bill, and he thought there would
be no subject of conflict between the two.
The question was then taken upon the motion to
postpone the further consideration of the subject
until next Monday two weeks, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
The memorial of the Memphis Convention, and
the report of the Select Committee thereon, were
ordered to be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. ALLEN had not heard the report read. It
was certainly one embracing a subject of much
importance. He would inquire of the chairman
of the select committee whether its view had been
limited to the Mississippi proper, without reference
to its tributaries, whether the general power had
been discussed, and if the precise limit would be in
proportion to the magnitude of the subject? He
should like to hear it read, if it met the views of
the Senate.
Mr. CALHOUN replied that the subject had
been fully discussed, and not only with regard to
the immediate tributaries of the Mississippi, but
all its tributaries. The reading of the report would
not occupy more than one hour or an hour and a
half at furthest, and he wished it read, thaft the
Senate might judge.
Mr. SEVIER'hoped the time of the Senate
would not be tnken up in rending the report. It
could be printed in a short time, and laid on their
tables, and he desired that the reading would not
be pressed.
Mr. ALLEN admitted it would have been more
agreeable to him to have the report read, but he
would waive it.
Mr. ATCHISON moved that five thousand ex-
tra copies be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, said the subject
was a very important one, and one in which all.
the new States were deeply interested,and had been
looking forward to with increased interest. He
therefore thought that the number ought to be in-
creased to ten thousand, and he would make that
motion.
Mr. TURNEY moved-to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Printing1.
Mr. SPEIGHT hoped the motion to refer would
be withdrawn. It was customary on some occa-
sions to refer to the Committee on Printing, but
not on one like the present. There was no man
within the sound of his voice that was not impress-
ed with the importance of the subject; and the very
source from which it had emanated would cause
it to be generally read and universally sought
after.
Mr. TURNEY made a brief reply, but declined
to withdraw his proposition.
Mr. CAMERON hoped the subject would not
be referred, and explained his reasons.
The question was taken on the reference, and
decided in the negative: Ayes 15, noes 20.
The question was then taken on printing ten
thousand copies, and decided in the affirmative.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House had
passed the Senate bill for the organization of the
volunteer forces into brigades and divisions, &c.;
also the inint resolution in relation to the issuing of
grants of certain lands in Louisiana.]
Mr. DICKINSON said he had one word of per-
sonal explanation. In a reported debate, contained
in the Union of this morning, which he supposed
was intended to briefly relate the debate fead, yes-
terday upon the subject of adjournment, fye. would
notice a single error. He was reported to have
said he " was pleased to hear the Senator fromdlrkan-
sas [Mr. Sevi-er] scstf he wm in the majorityThis
he did not say. He said he " was pleased to learn
from the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Sevier,]
for whose opinions he entertained great respect,
that we were ift the majority." This correction
was due to the Senator named.
Mr. CHALMERS submitted the following res-
olution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of
the report of the Joint Committee on. the Library
upon the Exploring Expedition be. printed.
Mr. SEYIER moved that the Senate take up the
private calendar; which motion was agreed to.
On motion .of Mr. JOHN M. CLAYTON, the
Senate took up for consideration, as in Committee
of the Whole, the bill for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of John J. Bulow, deceased; which
was reported back to the Senate without amend-
ment; and, after discussion by Senators JARNA-
GIN; WESTCOTX, DAVIS, DAYTON, and J.
M. CLAYTON, it was-postponed until Tuesday
next.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
"bill for the relief of Elijah White," the question
upon the engrossment of which was taken a few
days since, and decided in the negative, and sub-
sequently ordered to "be rcconsidcrcd, on motion
of Mr. Westcott. After discussion by Senators
WESTCOTT, PEARCE, ATCHISON, BEN-
"'TON, JARNAGIN, and SEVIER, the question
was taken upon ordering the bill to be engrossed
for a third reading, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen. As-hley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Bright, Calhoun, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers,
Davis, Dickinson, Dix, Houston", Johnson of Louisiana,
Scrapie, Sevier, Simmons, Sturgeon, Turney, and West-
cott—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Berrien, Cilley, Tbojnas Clay-
ton, Cojwin, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Greene, Haywood,
Huntington, Jarnagtn, Johnson of Maryland, Lewis, Man-
gum, Morenead, Pearce, and Upham—18.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.'
The bill for the relief of Francis -A. Harrison
was read a second time, considered as in .commit-
tee of the whole, reported baek to the Senate with-
out amendment, and then laid upon the table.
The bill for the relief of Henry Gardner and
others, directors of an association called the 3NTew
England Mississippi Land Company, was taken
up, and the farther consideration postponed until
Friday next.
The " bill to authorize the settlement of the ac-
counts of John Crowell," was considered as in
committee of the whole, reported back to the Sen-
ate without amendment, and the question being-
taken upon ordering it to be engrossed and read a
third time, on a division, 16 voted in the affirm-
ative, and 16 in the negative.
The PRESIDENT giving the casting vote in the
affirmative, the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
The bill, in addition to an act for the relief of
Walter Loomis and Abel Gay, was read a second
time, considered as in committee of the whole,
reported back to the Senate without amendment,
and ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
g^The bill to allow to Elijah White additional
compensation for services and reimbursement of
expenses incurred as sub-agent west of the Rocky
Mountains, was taken up, and its further consid-
eration postponed until to-morrow.
The "bill further to extend the patent of Jethro
Wood," was read a second time, considered as in
committee of the whole, reported without amend-
ment, and the question being taken upon ordering
it to be engrossed and read a third time, it was de-
cided in the negative by yeas and nays—19 to 22.
[A message was received from the President of
the United States, announcing that he had signed
I and approved the bill providing for the organiza-
j tion of the volunteer forces into brigades and divi-
i sions, and th£ appoinment of the necessary offi-
| cers to command the same. Also, the joint reso-
: lution in relation to issuing grants of certain lands
• in the State of Louisiana.]
! On motion of Mr. HAYWOOD, the Senate
j then proceeded to the consideration of Executive
■ business, and after some time spent therein, the
| doors were opened, and
' The Senate adjourned.
