ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1033
it neither protected manufactures nor furnished
revenue to the Government. It was the most
bungling arrangement- of the tariff that was ever
inflicted on the country. That is my opinion.
The revenue produced by the Compromise act at-
the time the tariff of 1849 went into operation was
hot.more than half sufficient to defray the ordinary
expenses of the Government. "We were in debt—
borrowing money, day by day—and it was with the
utmost difficulty that the Government could get
along. Thus the absolute and imperious necessity
was imposed on the 27th Congress of. revising the
tariff system, because the Compromise act, as a
system, had failed to answer any beneficial pur-
pose.
Mr. RHETT rose to make an inquiry.
Mr. GORDON said he would yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. RHETT said he thought the gentleman had
overlooked one feature in the Compromise act. Did
not that act provide that if the amount of duties
should not .be sufficient to meet the expenses of the
Government, there should be duties laid in con-
formity to its principles ? The act proposed certain
reductions, and then provided that if more revenue
■was needed, all the articles under twenty per cent,
should be taxed up to that amount; and thatif more
revenue was still needed, the duty on all the arti-
cles should advance pari passu to any amount which
the country might require.
Mr. GORDON. We all know that. It was so.
Mr. RHETT. Where, then, was the fault of
that act ?
Mr. GORDON. The license of the gentleman,
so far as I yielded the' floor to him is over. The
fact was as he states. But there was no stability
in the system; it was constantly descending; there
was nothing stable, settled, or fixed, either in pro-
tection or in revenue. The storm gathered for the
change; the change came; and it went almost as
far in the c pposite direction. I am not by any means
defending- the act of 1842. But I say that the com-
promise act of 1833 was the most bungling arrange-
ment of the tariff system that this country ever
had. I trust it never will be resorted to again.
That is my deliberate opinion of this matter. 1
do not believe that South Carolina herself would
re-enact that compromise if she had the power.
Now, the responsibility of enacting a judicious ta-
riff—a revenue tariff—and in my opinion a revenue
tariff will give to the manufacturers all the protec-
tion they require—that responsibility, I say, de-
volved on a Whig Congress. Instead of making
such a law, that Congress made the act of" 1842 as
it. is. A faction sprung up hove "to head "Captain
Tyler, and block up the .wheels of Government;
thus forcing a bortion of the Democratic delega-
tion in Con'gress to vote for the tariff of 1842 as it
was, and as it is, or else to play into the hands of
•that faction which had determined to swamp the
Government.
It will be recollected that this act passed both
Houses of Congress with a provision for the dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, and that that was one of the measures of the
"Whig policy of that era. The bill went to Mr.
Tyler. He thought that it was not compatible with
sound policy to give away the land revenue, when
at that very time the Government was in debt, bor-
rowing money, and forced to impose higher taxes
in order to pay that debt, and to sustain itself, and
therefore he vetoed the bill. It came back to this
House, where it originated; and it failed to receive
the vote of two-thirds. Then it was that we saw
a resolution manifested, by whom I will not say,
but it was by a portion of the Whig party in Con-
gress, (enough to defeat the bill,) to adjourn, and
to pass no revenue law of any kind. At the same
time, it was promulgated from this House through
the country that the tariff act had expired, and that
theGovernment was collecting revenue without any
law whatever. At this critical momeot it was that
a portion of (he Democratic delegation in Congress,
and particularly from the State of New York, came
forward and voted for a bill which they had no
voice in making, which was not agreeable to their
taste, and which did not embody such a system of
finance as they desired. I voted for it under a pro-
test. I did bel;eve that that bill would produce a
revolution in the country that would bring aDemo-
cratic majority into Congress,.which would-modify
and amend the act, and strike from it all its objec-
tionable features. Such a representation we had
during the last Congress. An effort to amend the
bill was made, but failed; and it now devolves upon
this Congress to fperform the duty which preemi-
nently belonged to the last.
The great mistake of both parties in this tariff
controversy has been that they have gone from one
extreme to the other. That has been the great
difficulty. We have a war upon our hands. We
have a war debt to pay. We have also the ordi-
nary expenses of the Government. If we pass a
tariff bill that falls much short of meeting the ex-
penses of the war, and the ordinary expenses of
the Government, I need only appeal. to the past
history of the tariff controversy to convince every
man that a party will come into this Hall that will
sweep everything before them as with the besom
of destruction, as was done by the Compromise act
of 1833, and that you will have another act like
that of 1842, or perhaps something worse. You
rtiust, then, pass a sound revenue tariff bill equal
to the expenses of the Government, and to the
prospective and speedy payment of the war debt.
Pass such a tariff as will satisfy the country. You
will then have a stable system of finance; and after
the war debt is paid, you can take off these extra
impositions laid to meet that debt.
These are my views, and I am not going to di-
late upon them.
One word more, in relation to the famous act of
1833. It lias been called a compromise—sacred,
too sacred to be meddled with. Who were parties
to it? I was not. This Congress was not. The
27th Congress was not. It failed to meet the
objects for which it Avas enacted. I deny that
Mr. Clay and Mr. Calhoun, Uvo of the leading
spirits of that day, could concoct between them-
selves—for political purposes—any financial sys-
tem binding upon Congress or upon the people
of the States composing this Union. There was
nothing binding about if, when by experience it
was discovered that it answered riot the beneficial
purposes which its fathers and authors pretended
that it would accomplish.
The great ex-Senator from the State of New
York, who voted for the act of 1842, needs no jus-
tification at my hands. The reasons assigned by
him for the vote he then gave (a vote of which I
knew nothing at the time I cast mine, acting, as I
did, alone 011 my own responsibility, and voting
on the bill before it went to the Senate) were satis-
factory to the country and to the State in which he
lived, and over whose destinies he has since been
called to preside. The result and sequel show that
the motives for his vojte on that trying occasion—
when to some extent he sacrificed nis own. feelings
to come to the rescue of the Government—were
duly appreciated.
So much for the compromise of 1833. Tf I had
not been here ami voted for the act of 1842,1 should
have suffered those matters to have passed in si-
lence. But in justice to myself, I could no longer
sit here and see that measure of 1833 applauded,
when by its costant and final reductions it had
bankrupted the Government and given dissatisfac-
tion in every quarter of the hnd.
There is one other question to which I wish
briefly toadveit, and which is more or less discus-
sed in all general debates on the tariff in this
House. It is the policy of supporting the Gov-
emmentby internal taxation. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] referred to it in a speech
he made the other day, and proposed as a substi-
tute for a tax on tea and coffee, as a war measure,
a tax on banking capital, State bonds, gold and
silver plate, and money loaned. Now, I am op-
posed to internal taxation for the support of the
Federal Government. I am opposed to the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Tennessee. There is
no danger of its adoption; but when these doctrines
are broached, they should be met, I suppose that
we are to have one or the other of the two systems
of taxation. We are not to have both. We are
either to have internal taxation alone, or we are to
have a tariff of duties upon foieign merchandise
imported into the United States, without direct
taxation, except probably in the event of a war
with some great commercial power. The people
of this Government will never consent to have two
classes of officers collecting money to support the
General Government—ofte from internal taxation,
and the other from a tariff of duties on imported
merchandise. This double expense the people
will never endure. And this is one of the great
objections to the proposition of the gentleman from
Tennessee.
Another objection is, that all these things which
he proposes to tax are already taxed, and should
be, for the support of the State Governments.
Bank stock is taxed in Ohio for the support of the
State Government. [A voice: 44 No. '] If it is
not, it ought to be. It' is taxed in the State of
New York, and all the property here enumer-
ated, owned by individuals, is taxed in that State
for the support of the State Government.
A third objection is, it would be the commencement
of a system of internal taxation. This doctrine
of supporting the Federal Government by internal
taxation was repudiated as early as 1805. I will
read one or two extracts from Mr. Jefferson's In-
augural Message of March 4, of that year. He
"The suppression of unnecessary offices, of useless es-
tablishments and expense^, enabled to discontinue our
internal taxes. These covering our land with officers, and
opening our doors to their intrusions, had already begun
that process ot doimciliaiy M'xatuui, winch, once entered,
is scarcely to be restrained from teaching successively every
article of pioperty or produce."
And again:
"The remaining revenue on the consumption of foreign
articles is paid chiefly by those who can aftoid to add foreign
luxuries to domestic comforts. Bein^ collet ted on our sea-
board and frontiers only, and meoi porated wfth the trans-
actions of our mercantile citizens, it may be the pleasure
and the pride of an American to ask, what farmer, what
mechanic, what laborer, ever sees a tax-gatheier of the
United States.1
These (continued Mr. G.) were the sentiments
and doctrines of the apostle of liberty—the father
of the Declaration of Independence—that far-see-
ing statesman. And what he said then of these
officers ransacking the houses of our citizens in
search of property that should be made the subject
of taxation, holds equally good now. One excep-
tion he made. It was the case of a foreign war
with some great commercial power of Europe.
There is (continued Mr. G.) but one other sub-
ject to which I wish to advert. One of the great
objections to the tariff of 1843—and it is only one
amongst many—one objection in particular has
been the low duty on foreign wool—the fraud, the
cheatery, in relation to cheap wool, practised
under that act upon the farmers of the country.
The act imposed five per ccnt. ad valorem upon
all wools costing seven cents per pound and un-
der, at the port from whence they were exported.
On wool costing over seven cents per pound,
a duty of thirty per cent, ad valorem, and of
three cents per pound, wag imposed. But it was
pretended by the manufacturers that this coarse
wool was Smyrna -wool—a species that was not
raised and could not be raised in the, United States,
and fit only for coarse blankets and carpeting. This
was not believed at the time. An effort was made,
even by the Whigs of Vermont, to raise the duty
on wool, and also by Democrats. It was "then
foretold precisely what the result of this low duty
would be. And an amendment raising the duty
on wool was offered in the Senate by Mr. Wright,
and there failed.
Now what is the fact? But before I proceed to
refer to statistics on this head, probably I ought to
advert to a portion of the speech made the other
day by my colleague [Mr. Collin] in relation to
this matter. He says:
"We are told by Mr. Nathan- Appl^ton, m his criticism
upon the report of Mr. Secretary Walker, that the reason
that high duties were not imposed upon wool by the act of
1843 was, that our countiy did not produce enough to sup-
ply the manufactuiers. Now I say—and it is s-u^ceptible of
proof—that tho manufacturers have never consumed one-
half of the-wool grown in this country."
I do not exactly understand (continued Mr. G.)
what my colleague means by this.
Mr. COLLIN. At least half of the wool pro-
duced in the country is manufactured by hand.
Mr. GORDON. If my colleague means to be
understood as saying that this country does not
consume half the wool it produces, he is mis-
taken .
I have no doubt, and I shall endeavor to prove,
that the United States consume nearly double what,
they produce, and yet that they are capable of
producing wool enough to supply the world. Let
us look at the tables, and see what the import of
wool was last year. We imported over twenty-
three millions of pounds, and of that we exported,
I believe, some sixty-four thousand pounds. Now,
the sixty-four thousand pounds which we export-
ed from this vast amount of our imports was fine
wool, as will be seen by the tables, because it paid
a high duty- It was not, therefore, the coarse,
