1038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
the disagreeing votes on the amendments of the
Senate depending to the bill making appropriation
to defray the expenses of the Indian department
for the year ending on the 30th of June, 1847,
made a report, for which see report of the pro-
ceedings of the Senate.
The report and recommendations of the confer-
ees being read, were adopted by the House.
And so the bill has finally passed both Houses.
Mr. WIIEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 27,1846.
Mr. EYANS presented a petition of citizens of
Camden, Maine, praying the adoption of measures
for a peaceful adjustment of all international diffi-
culties; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Air. ATCHISON presented the petition of Mad-
ison Allen, praying the renewal of certain land
warrants, which were destroyed while m his pos-
session; which was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of the
Library Company of Philadelphia, piaymg that
books, maps, and other scientific and literary ap-
paratus, imported for the use of philosophical or
literary societies, colleges, academies, or semina-
ries of learning, may not be made subject to duty;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DAYTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire and report to the Senate,
whether a contract has been made with Robert L,
Stevens for the construction of an iron steam ves-
sel under the act of the 14th of April, 1842; and if
so, what that contract is? And that the Commit-
tee further inquire and report whether said con-
tract, if any, is in the course of execution; and if
the building of said vessel under said contract shall
have been stopped or delayed, that they report the
reasons therefor; and whether other, ana what,
legislation is necessary to carry said contract into
effect.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, which was agreed to:
Resolved) That the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
rnaking an appropriation to indemnify the officers,
seamen, and marines, of the United States steam
frigate Missouri, for the losses sustained by them
by the destruction by fire of the said frigate on the
2d August, 1843.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Na-
tal Affairs, reported a joint resolution for the relief
of G. II. Barry, late a purser in the United States
navy; which was read a first and second time.
.By unanimous consent the prior orders of the
day were postponed, and the joint resolution was
considered as in committee of the whole, leported
back to the Senate without amendment, and order-
ed to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance*
reported the bill making appropriations for the
military service of the United States, for the year
ending June 30, 1847, with certain amendments,
which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Welcome Parmentcr; which was read and passed
to the second reading, and the accompanying re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Air. J. also, from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of John England; which was read
and passed to the second reading, and the accom-
panying report was ordered to be printed.
Air. JOHNSON, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported a bill making appro-
priations for completing the marine hospital at IN ew
Orleans, and for the erection of a custom-house in
the said city, which was read and passed to the
second reading.
THE WASHINGTON MONUMENT.
Air. MILLER moved that the prior orders of
the day be postponed, and that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the House joint resolution
authorizing the selection, from tlie public lands
Within the city of Washington, of a site for the
erection of a monument to General Washington.
On this motion a division was called for, when
there appeared for the motion 24, against it 14.
The resolution was accordingly taken up for con-
sideration.
Air. BENTON submitted a few observations
against connecting the work of a private associa-
tion with the action of Congress. He feared that,
if the sanction of Congress was given to this work
in any way, it would be used as an argument to
induce the public to give large sums of money'in
aid of its prosecution, which moneys—judging from
the past—might not be properly appropriated, or
accounted for. He wanted time to produce his
proofs, in order to show that large sums of money
had been subscribed towards the erection of this
monument which had never been accounted for in
any shape whatever. The public had been pil-
laged, and he was desirous that the sanction of
Congress might never be given, where it might in
any manner or shape be prostituted to such pur-
poses. He moved that the joint resolution be re-
committed to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, with instructions to inquire whether large
sums of money had not been subscribed and col-
lected in New York for the same purpose as that
now in question, which had been utterly wasted,
and never accounted for.
Mr. MILLER briefly replied that the society
had $53,000 in hand, that they simply asked per-
mission to expend it in .the erection of a monument
to General Washington, on some vacant lot of the
public grounds, and that they sought no furthercon-
nexion with the Government. He knew not by
what authority the committee could go, into the
State of New York and demand information as
to the proceedings of any society of individuals
there.
Mr. ALLEN opposed the passage of the joint
resolution for the same reasons urged by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Air. Benton,] and moved
to amend the motion made by the latter, so as to
instruct the committee further to inquire and report
upon the expediency of erecting a monument to
General Washington, at the public cost, and ak§o
to suggest a suitable site therefor.
[A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States.]
After a discussion between Senators DAYTON,
MILLER, DAVIS, CASS, and EAGBY.
Air. HAYWOOD moved to lay the joint resolu-
tion on the table for the present, in order to pro-
ceed to the consideration of certain other business
which demanded speedy attention.
Upon this motion the yeas and nays were de-
manded, and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Afhertou, Bag-
by, Benton, Calhoun, Chalmers, Dickinson, T)ix, Fairfield,
llaywood, Houston, Lewis, Semple, Sevier,Sturgeon, Tur-
ney, and Yulee—19.
NAYS—Mcssr?. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Cameron, Cass,
Cilloy, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwiu, Critten-
den, Davis, Dayton. Evans, Greene, Huntington, Johnson
of Louisiana, Mangum, Milter, Morehead, Phelps, Rusk,
Simmons, CJpham, and Woodbndge—94.
So the joint resolution was not laid on the table.
The question recurring upon Mr. Allen's
amendment, to the motion to recommit, the yeas
and nays were demanded, and, being taken, result-
ed as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Calhoun, Cameion. Chalmers, Dickinson, Dix,
Fairfield, Lewis, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon, Turney, and
Yulee—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Cass, Cilley,
Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Cnttenden, Davis,
Dayton, Evan's, Greene, Haywood, Huntington, Johnson of
Louisiana, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, PhpJps, Rusk, Sim-
mons, Upham, and Woodbridge—23.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurring upon the original motion
by Mr. Benton to recommit, further discussion
ensued, pending which,
Mr. MANGUM moved that the subject be laid
upon the table for the present; which motion was
agreed to.
On motion of Mr. STURGEON, the joint reso-
lution explanatory of the act passed the 23d of
August, 1842, entitled " An act for the relief of
Charles F. Sibbald," was taken up, considered as
in committee of the whole, reported back to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be engross-
ed and read a third time, and, by unanimous con-
sent, immediately read a third time, and passed.
The " bill for the relief of Abraham B. Fannin"
was considered as in Committee of the Whole, re-
ported without amendment, ordered to be engross-
ed for a third reading, ajid, by unanimous consent, •
immediately read a third time, and passed.
The " bill for the relief of Nathaniel Stafford"
was read a second time, considered as.in commit-'
tee of the whole, reported -back without amend-
ment, atnd ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing. f
The " bill for the relief of John Jones, surviving
partner of John Jones & Charles Souder," was
considered as in committee of 'the whole, sported
to the Senate without amendment, and ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The (< bill for the relief of Elijah White" was
read a third time, and passed.
The " act in addition to an act for the relief of
Loomis & Gay" was read a third,time, and passed.
The following bills, from the House of Repre-
sentatives,-were severally read a first and second
time, and referred, viz:
TJie i( bill for the relief of Nathaniel Perry & J.
M. Reesereferred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The " act for the relief of Philip and Eliphelet
Greene:" referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The " act for the' relief of John S. McLeod, of
Linn county, Missouri:" referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands. 1 - .
The " act declaratory of the powers and legal-
izing certain acts of the'chief elerk of the Patent
Office," was read a third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. HAYWOOD, the Senate then
went into Executive session; and T after a short time
spent therein, the doors were opened; and
'The Senate adjourned;
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 27, 1846.
The • Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. OWEN rose (he said) for the-first time
sincc he had been a member, to a personal expla-
nation; and leave having been granted, Mr. O.
continued: He did not consider himself at liberty
to avail himself of such a privilege, except where
an actual misstatement, from inadvertence or other-
wise, was made on this floor of an argument used
in the course of debate. He was not present when
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Gordon,]
whom he regretted not to see in his seat, con-
cluded his remarks yesterday on the tariff; but he
found, in the Union of this morning, the foljowing
reported paragraph:
" One word in relation to the speech of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Owen.] I must differ in opinion with
him. as to one of the consequences of a protective tariff
law. The gentleman seemed to think that but for the Com-
promise act of 1833, this Union was in danger of dissolu-
tion. That idea and sentiment he boldly and prominently
put forth. The gentleman never labored under a greater
mistake than when he conceived that idea, and never com-
mitted a greater blunder than when he uttered it. There is
no such thing as breaking up this Union by nullification.
There was danger to certain individuals engaged in that
controversy, arising out of the extent to which they carried
it. And the Compromise, instead of saving the Union,
saved these individuals, and settled forever the question of
nullification in this country. Nullification will neveragain,
in the North or in the South, in the East or in the West,
rear its hydra head to breed disturbance, confusion, and re-
bellion in these harmonious States. I beg the gentleman
to revise his opinion; and to have more Confidence m the
power and patriotism of the people all over the land—on
this and on the other side of the mountains, too.5'
Mr. O. proceeded: Sir, instead of my revising
my opinion, the gentleman from New York will
have to revise his version of it. I made no asser-
tion that, but for the Compromise of 1833, there
was danger of the dissolution of the Union. To
return the gentleman his own words, he (i never
labored under a greater mistake than when he con-
ceived that idea." The expression I used was
reported in the Union, almost word for word, I
believe, as I spoke it. After adverting to the daily
doubts and fears that filled all good men's hearts,
while the issue of the nullification struggle was
yet undecided, I added:
u And thu>s wa< exposed to danger the most imminent, the
integiityof that Union which the good and the brave had
laid down their lives to establish."
My expression was, that the iniegiity of the
Union was imminently endangered, A glance at
Johnson or Webster will remind Uie gefttleman
from New York, that integrity, in this connexion,
means " entireness, unbroken, whole." What I
said, then, was, that out of this quarrel about the
