THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
'SSth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1846.
dedly of opinion, therefore, that the graduating
principle ought to be adopted.
At Ae time wlretV he had last examined the sub-
ject, in 1841, he believed there were about one
lumdred and sixty millions of acres of land belong-
ing to the General Government, and ready to be
offered for sale, or which had been actually offered.
To give an idea of the extent of this enormous
quantity of land, it covered a space equal to all of
New England, New York, New Jersey, Pennsyl-
vania, Delaware, Virginia, and a part of North
Carolina. Now, even at twenty-five cents an acre,
this would produce no despicable sum; but the
great danger of too rapid a reduction of price would
be, that it would result in throwing; the whole into
the hands of speculators. He thought, therefore,
the reduction ought to be graduated; and he was
convinced that, by a proper graduation and bring-
ing them into the market gradually, a larger sum
would be realized than if they were held at one
dollar and twenty-five cents. If the honorable
Senator who had charge of the bill would modify
it so as to meet these views, he would be very
happy to vole for it; but otherwise it would be
impossible for him to give it his support.
Mr. DAYTON, in order to present the entire
question at once to the Senate, amended his motion
by adding- the price per acre, which he intended to
apply to that class of lands which, by the bill its
it stood, was to be surrendered to the State in which
it lay. The price he named, in accordance, with a
suggestion to that effect from Senators near him,
was ten cents. Senators would recollect that there
were about two millions and a half of acres falling
under this class. This quantity, at ten cents only,
would produce a very considerable sum. But it
was the principle he desired to test. He wanted
to put it to the Senate whether they were disposed
to surrender this quantity of land; whether they
considered that this would be a fulfilment of the
trust devolving upon them. They were called
upon to surrender two millions now: how long
would it be before they would be called on to sur-
render two millions more.' There was an obvious
propriety, too, ho thought, in throwing these lands
into the market at a reduced price; fof it would
add nothing to the expense of the Government;
and, if sold, the proceeds would be a clear gain.
Mr. SEVIER, expressed his concurrence in the
amendment proposed by the Senator from New
Jersey. If the. Senator from New Jersey was
ready to agree to the graduating principle, he (Mr.
S.) would cheerfully accommodate htm as far us
possible.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, argued against
the propriety of making so large a reduction at
once as to bring down the price of any of the public
lands from one dollar and twenty-five cents per
acre to ten cents.
And after some further discussion upon this point
between Messrs. JOHNSON and DAYTON, the
latter proposition was withdrawn, leaving the mo-
tion to amend by striking out merely.
Mr. SEVIER would' not consent to vote for
Striking out until he knew what was to be substi-
tuted. He considered the principle to be well set-
tled, that, where lands had been a long time in
market, they might be given to the States. This
had been done in the case of Tennessee.
Mr. CRITTENDEN denied that any lands had
been given to Tennessee after they had been m the
market. The lands that were ceded to that Slate
he undeistood to be of so little value that they
would not compensate the General Government
for surveying them, and accordingly they never
were surveyed.
The discussion was somewhat further prolonged,
and then, upon an intimation by Mr. CALHOUN
that he desired an opportunity to prepare certain
amendments, as there were thirty thousand squat-
ters on the public lands whose interests were to be
protected—■
Mr. BREESE assented to a motion for a post-
ponement of the further consideration of the bill
until Wednesday next.
The bill was accordingly postponed until Wed-
nesday.
66
THE WAREHOUSING BILL.
Mr. DIX gave notice that on to-morrow at j
twelve o'clock he would ask the Senate to take up ;
the warehousing bill. ||
On motion, the Senate then proceeded to the ;
consideration of Executive business; and, after ;i
some time so spent, the doors were rc-opened,
And the Senate adjourned. i
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 29, 18*10.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. JAIMES THOMPSON asked leave to in-
troduce a resolution providing that during-the dis-
cussion on the tariff bill the House would cach day
take a rcrcss fjom two to four o'clock.
Objection being made, Mr. T. moved a suspen-
sion of the rules, to enable him to oiler the reso-
lution, on which motion no quorum voted,
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON desired to oiler a resolu-
tion, the purport of which was not slated.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON moved that there
be a call of the House, and asked the yeas and
nays on that motion, which were ordered, and,
being taken, were—yeas 29, nays 99.
So a call of the House was it-fused.
And the question then recurred and was taken
on the motion to suspend the rules.
And, two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the
rules were suspended.
The resolution being thus before the House, and
the question being on its adoption,
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON demanded the pre-
vious question.
Mr. G, S. HOUSTON risked Mr. T. to waive
that motion, on a pledge of lenewnl, to enable him
(Mr. ft.) to offer a substitute, prodding1 that du-
ring the time set apart for the debate on the tariff
bill, it should no! be m order for any member to
move thai (he eomnntiee rise until seven p. m.
And Mr. II. renewed the demand for the pre-
vious question.
After some conversation on a point of order be-
tween Mr. TIBBATTS and the SPEAKER,
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
The amendment was agreed to.
And the resolution, as thus amended, was adopt-
ed.
On the suggestion of Mr. COBB, and by general
consent, certain Senate bills on the Speaker's table
were taken up and disposed of.
THE TARIFF.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill to reduce
the duty on imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. TIBBATTS was entitled to the jloor, and
addressed the committee in explanation of his
views of the financial policy be*t adapted to the
wants and exigencies of the Government.
Mr. PAYNE next obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee through his hour in favor of
the bill, and in opposition to the policy and expe-
diency of the principle of protection.
Mr. SPDDON next obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee in favor of the bill, and gen-
erally m opposition to the protective system, which
he believed to be a system of gross impolicy and
injustice to all the great interests of the country,
but especially to those of the section which he in
part represented.
Mr. HUDSON followed in opposition to the bill
before the committee, and in favor of the protect-
ive system generally.
Mr. GOODYEAR then obtained the floor, and
addressed the committee in favor of the substitute
of Mr. Hungerford.
Mr. STRONG addressed the committee in favor
of the bill under consideration, which, however, he
thought susceptible of some modifications.
New Series....No. 66.
Mr, KAUFMAN addressed the committee in
vindication of the course of the present Adminis-
tiation in the conduct of the Mexican war, and in
favor of its vigorous prosecution until its just ends
are secured—redress for the long-continued wrongs
and outrages inflictcd upon us by Mexico, indem-
nity, and an acknowledgment of our right to the
Rio Grande, and of all our just claims.
Mr. BLANCHARD spoke in defence of the
tauif of 1842, and of its beneficial effects upon the
iron, coal, and other interests of Pennsylvania, and
the industrial pu rsuits of the community generally.
Mr, HUNGERFORDaddressed the committee,
giving his views on the subject generally, and es-
pecially pointing out what he considered the de-
fects of the ball of the committee, and explaining
and enforcing the provisions of his pending substi-
tute therefor.
[The above speeches will appear in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. DIXON obtained the floor at seven o'clock,
and yielded to a motion that the committee rise;
which prevailing,
The committee rose and reported,
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuephay, June 30, 1846.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of Captain
Samuel Walker, of the Texas Rangers, praying
that his company may be remunerated for loss of
horses in the war with Mexico; which was refer-
red to the Committee of Claims.
The Chair appointed the following Senators a
committee, under the resolution submitted yester-
day by Mr. Bagby, in relation to providing a place
for reporting the proceedings and debates of the
Senate, viz: Messrs. Bagby, J. M. Cla* ion, Fair-
rjF.i.d, I1ous.tont, and Moreiiead.
The Senate considered the adverse report of the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, on the peti-
tion of Thomas Bryant*, which was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions, on the Petition of Cecilia Carroll, which,
was concurred in.
Mr. BAGBY, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported back the bill for the relief of John
Crowell, with an amendment; which was read.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the report of Lieu-
tenant Abert\s exploring expedition, with a view
to inquiring into the expense of printing the same,
and lithographing maps and drawings attached
thereto, submitted a report upon the subject. [As
well as the Senator could be heard, he stated the
cost of printing the ordinal y number at §1,080, and
of extra copies at 45 cents each.]
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to establish a land 6ffice in
the northern part of Michigan, and to provide for
the sale of mineral lands in the State of Michigan
and Territory of Wisconsin; which was read, and
passed to the second reading.
[A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States.]
Mr. JARNAGIN, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce £t A bill to establish
and organize an Executive bureau, under the exclu-
sive direction and control of the President of the
United States," which was read a first and second
time, and ordered to be printed.
THE WAREHOUSE BILL.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the Senate, as in com-
mittee of the whole, resumed the consideration of
the bill to amend an act entitled " An act to pro-
vide revenue from imports, and to change ahd
modify existing laws imposing duties on imports,
and for otherpurposes."
Mr. HUNTINGTON referred to the statement
of the Senator from New York [Mr. Dix] that this
bill was simple in its details; m which he entirely
concurred. But he regarded the principle it in-
volved as deserving the serious attention of the
Senate. The Senator from New York was per-
