1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
E
fectly competent to frame any bill. Did ho not
believe this to be the case, lie would ha\e supposed
the present bill to be the work of sonic merchant
of great wealth, who had fiamcd it to promote his
own individual interests without reference to its
general effect on the commeicial interests of the
country.
Mr. H. viewed the measure as one of a series,
the objects of which were to restore a hard money
currency, to reduce the tariff, and to play into the
hands of the foreign importer. It was only to the
bill before the Senate 'that he proposed now to
speak.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance had
stated that it was the desire of the committee that
action should take place on this bill previous to
fhe consideration of the Snbtreasury bill, because
this measure was to prepare the way for the Sub-
treasury system, and to obviate the evils which
might result from the specie clause m the Sub-
treasury bill. He thought it a false principle to
adopt measures m advance to remedy evils which
it would be wiser to avoid altogether.
A reduction of the revenue he regarded as the
certain effect of the introduction of this warehouse
bill. He referred to the opinions of Mr. "Williams,
surveyor at Boston, in a letter to the Secretory of
the Tieasury, stating that he believed the effect of
a warehouse system would be, in the first year, a
reduction of 25 per cent, m the revenue, lie oho
referred to the authorities of the collectors at Bus-
ton and New York, similar in their import. From
these he inferred the certain reduction of the reve-
nue for the first two or three first quarters after the
passage of this bill.
He regarded the bill as very impel feet in ils
present shape, and that it could not command any
votes, without a recommitment and revision of its
details; and he proceeded to point out the portions
which contained these defects. The postponement
of the payment of the duties would enable an im-
porter to avail himself of any change of our policy,
oy means of the telegraph, to enter his goods be-
tween the passage of a law and its signature by the
President, and thus to benefit himself to the injury
of the revenue. Again: the perishable character
of many articles of importation would prove a
source of loss to the Government. Another evil
would be the conversion of the public warehouse
into a mere retail shop, because the importer, while
prohibited from removing his packages, might
take out a roll of ribbons, or any other item, for
the purpose of sale. A°<\in: the importer ought to
be required to give bond for the payment of duties,
before lie can take the goods out for home con-
sumption. There is no such piovision. Nor is
there any penalty in the bill against the clandestine
removal of goods, or any kind of frauds which
may be perpetrated. Other points he also pre-
sented as indicative of the imperfect state of the
bill, and as showing the necessity of i(.'commit-
ment.
Me then proceeded to an examination of the
general principle of the bill, which he regarded as
fraught with mischief to the country. It abolished
the cash system, and introduced the worst de-
scription of credit. He considered that the ware-
house system of Great Brit<un, which had been
recommended to our adoption by tiie New York
Chamber of Commerce, was not the liberal system
which had been represented. It was established
principally m reference to her South American
trade. Brazil and other southern ports had no
shipping, when the system was introduced, and it
was important to obtain the products of these ports
for the use of British manufactures. The Com-
missioners of the. Treasury were authorized to se-
lect the ports where the warehouses should be es-
tablished, as well as the kind of goods to be ware-
housed, and to regulate how and when they should
be received. Everything was intended to sub-
serve British interests exclusively. All the im-
portant articles of importation were obliged to be
warehoused for reexportation in the three great
ports of London, Liverpool, and Bristol. East
and West India produce was excluded, as well as
almost all articles of manufacture which could come
in competition with the manufactures of Great
Britain. No articles of wool or cotton were to he
found in their warehouses, except piece goods
from India.
Such was the working operation of the free
trade system of Great Britain, so far as the ware-
house policy was concerned. Even with regard
to her breadstuffs she has taken care of her own
interests, avoiding the taxation of any one interest
without providing for it an equivalent. The French
understood this perfectly; and to prove this, heread
fiom the debates in the French Chamber of Depu-
ties.
He went on to show that this system was not
adapted to a country without colonies.
He would not say that a warehouse bill could,
or could not be framed, which might benefit some
interests without injury to others. He felt sur-
prise that the Senator from New York should have
designated this bill as an extension of the storage
system established by the act of 1799, which was
intended only to securc to the Government the
payment of the duties by bonds; as the act of 1842
provided for their payment in cash. Tinder any
circumstances, they were to be sold after being in
store nine months. The leading minds of our
country had never thought it wise heretofore to
introduce the warehouse system, and this bill he
regarded ps a mere experiment.
Our present system is working admirably, and
it is a wise maxim that we should let well enough
alone. The mercantile system has become accus-
tomed to the debenture system, and to repeal it
would be inequitable. You are now seeking to
abolish the system which has made the duties
secure, and to substitute a hazardous credit. The
Senator from New York admits that the present
cash system works well, buthecomplains that it is
too stringent on the commercial interest, and this
bill is intended to relieve it by giving time to pay
the duties, so that they may not be demandable
before the goods are taken out for consumption.
[Te described the persons who would in fact he
benefited: 1st, the large capitalists, who could
afford to keep their goods in warehouses; 2d, the
foreign merchants; and 3d, the factors of the for-
eign importer. The only fact which he could find
on which this bill was founded, was an expression
m a memorial of the Chamber of Commerce,
of New York, against the sub-treasury bill, that
if that bill should be passed, it would be well pre-
viously to pass a warehouse bill. Respectable as
the Chamber of Commerce is, the small merchants
do not belong to it, and they neither .desire nor
can afford to take the, benefit, of this warehouse
system. These have not asked for the adoption
of the system. If they desired it, they would have
been heard here on the subject. We should have
had their memorials complaining of the stringency
of the present policy, and asking for a change. Is
it the jobbing merchants, whose business it is to put
their goods on the shelves, whence the markets of
the country can be supplied, who are to be benefit-
ed by this system? No; they only desire to sell
their goods as speedily as possible, on the homely
principle that a nimble sixpence is better than a
slow shilling. They will pay the duties, and cir-
culate the, goods, ft is only the foreign merchant
who will be benefited. He read extracts from
letters which he had received from merchants, sus-
taining the views he had presented.
He was convinced that while only the foreign
merchant could be benefited, at the expense of our
own merchants, by this bill, it would be unwise to
pass it. The foreigner could warehouse his goods,
safely and cheaply, for three years, without being
compelled to pay the duties. He can sell the goods
out as he finds customers; and by continuing the
practice of invoicing his goods at a cheaper rate
than the American merchant can, he will always
place himself m a more advantageous position, and
the effect would be to drive the "latter out of busi-
ness.
He denied that the American shipping merchant
would derive benefit from this bill, and that it
would throw the carrying trade into his hands.
That interest was already protected by oui naviga-
tion laws, and he was willing to give it still greater
protection. The goods can be brought here chcaper
by foreign vessel?. They are built cheaper, and
navigated cheaper: and they who desire to ware-
house their goods will seek the cheapest modes of
conveyance, if they are longer on the voyage, it
matters not; because the goods are to be ware-
housed. The foreign vessels are admitted on the
same terms as the American into our ports, so that,
m this respect, our vessels had no advantage over
the foreigner. On these facts, he felt confident that
the carrying trade would be in the hands of the
foreign shipping merchant, instead of the Ameri-
can.
It had been argued that this system would be for
the benefit of the small ports. He contended that
the great market would be in New York, and that'
"Boston, Philadelphia, Charleston, ami New Or-
leans, could not expect-to compete with her. It was
the unavoidable course of things, and no law could
change it.
A majority of the Memphis Convention reported*
in favor of the warehouse system'. The report of
the minority afforded him some extracts on whidh
he founded some remarks.' ' ' '
It had been alleged that this system would en-
able the foreigner to make up an assorted cargo at
our warehouses for reexportation. He insisted
that foreign vessels would not come here for an
assortment, but would prefer to go to the place of
production. It would be out of the way, and more
expensive to come here for them.
But one of his strongest objections to this bill
was, that it is founded on a repeal of the cash-du-
ties, a system which had worked admirably. He
reviewed that system in all its various workings.
The present bill not only gives a credit on the du-
ties to the importer, but it also gives him a credit
in the amount of his capital besides, and it intro-
duces all the evils which the cash duties were in-
tended to abolish.
The warehouse system would introduce an ex-
cessive importation, a fluctuating market, and nu-
merous bankruptcies. Foreign goods, which will
also find their best market here, will come in
more plentifully in conscquence of the new facili-
ties given by this bill, and fhus we shall become "
overstocked with foreign produce. The redun-
dancy of supply and forced sales which preceded
1842, were corrected by the law of that year which
introduced the cash system. The effect of this
bill would be to break down that system^
He predicted that if this bill were adopted, in
(ess than three years New York would demand an
appropriation for a warehouse as large as her cus-
tom-house; and other ports, also, would require
their public warehouses. An army of officcrS will
be required, frauds will be multiplied, and num-
berless other evils will be introduced, from which
we are now exempt.
He would not say that a warehouse system
might not be adopted which would be free from
objections, but he saw too much danger- in this
bill to give it his sanction.' He invoked the Sen-
ate to look at the question calmly, and in all its
practical bearings, and to decide if it wouldnot be the
most wise course to let this bill sleep quietly on the
table.
Mr. ARCHER moved that the further consid-
eration of this bill be postponed until to-morrow,
and that it be made the special order for to-mor-
row.
Mr. DIX assenting, the motion was agreed to.
Mr. CALHOUN submitted an amendment,
which he proposed to move when the bill to grad-
uate and reduce the price of the public lands
should again come up for consideration; which
was ordered to be printed.
RETROCESSION OP ALEXANDRIA.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill for the retro-
cession of the city and county of Alexandria to the
State of Virginia.
Mr. ARCHER observed that he was willing
that the vote should be taken upon the bill without
discussion, provided the opponents of the bill of-
fered no remarks upon it which would force them
; into a discussion.
I Mr. BENTON said this was a case in which he
i desired to vote wit.h a majority of the inhabitants
1 of that portion of the District which it was pro-
(, posed to surrender to the State of Virginia; but he
; did not at present know what the wishes of that
i majority were.
| Mr. ARCHER observed that one of the clauses
of the bill now- before the Senate provided that the
bill should not take effect until the wishes of the
inhabitants were ascertained by a vote, to be taken
in the manner provided for in another clause of the
| bill, to wit: the vote of the white inhabitants of six
[ months'residence.
j Mr. HAYWOOD said the bill had been referred
i to the committee of winch he had the honor to-be
j chairman, and it was perhaps proper, therefore*
: though he had no intention of making a speech
! upon the subject, that he should draw the attention
of the Senate to the fact that the bill provides for
