1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1048
taking the sense of the people of the county and
<iity of Alexandria before the bill should go into
effect. The committee, however, thought it Wor-
thy of consideration whether it was not the desire
of change which prompted the introduction of this
innovation, rather than the necessity for the inno-
vation. If there v/as any particular e-vil to he
remedied by diminishing the extent of the ten miles
Square, the committee had not been apprized of it;
if any particular good to be attained, they were not
apprized. When the retrocession was first sug-
gested" to the consideration of the Senate, doubts
were entertained by many how far it was compe-
tent for Congress to recede what the Constitution
had for a particular purpose authorized them to
accept. The States of Maryland and Virginia had
ceded this territory to Congress, to be taken under
its exclusive jurisdiction for the seat of Govern-
ment; and Congress, in the execution of that in-
tention, solemnly declared by enactment its accept-
ance of the grant, and that this District should be
perpetually the seat of Government. Individual
citizens of the District, a minority, if they chose to
assume that they were so, had purchased property
and become residents of the county-under this
pledge; and unless there was souie evil to be
remedied, or decided advantage to be gained by
the change, which would compensate those citi-
zens, where was the propriety of violating that
pledge? He had been unable to see any necessity
for it. It, wok equally the duty of the Government
fo protect.minorities and majorities; and a ma jority
could have no absolute right or authority to com-
pel retrocession if additional burdens wore to be
imposed as a consequence upon the minority. He
spoke not in reference to any constitutional objec-
tion, but merely in reference to the act of Confess
constituting this District the perpetual seat of the
Federal Government.
There was another difficulty which the com-
mittee found somewhat embarrassing, ;uid it was,
whether the State of Virginia or of Maryland own-
ed the Potomac river at the time of the cession. If
the county of Alexandria were ceded to Virginia
it might possibly be the means of reviving the
contest, and making it a contest between Virginia
and the District. This would be a matter of vt,ry
considerable importance to the city of Georgetown.
If the bill was to be passed, lie thought, it ought at
least to 'be amended so as to make it more definite,
and that the river should be kept within the United
States jurisdiction. It might be of importance that
the jurisdiction of the United States should not be
limited at all. He believed the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts had expressed a desire to oiler some
remarks upon this question. He did not, perceive
that Senator now in his seat; for his own part, he
would be perfectly willing that the vote should be
taken without discussion*
Mr. MILLER said he was inclined (o think that
the subject was of more importance than he had
at first view supposed. His first impressions were
in favor of the bill, for he supposed that the whole,
matter depended very much upon the wishes of the
people of Alexandria and Virginia. Bat, upon an
examination of the subject, he found himself in
great doubt as to whether Congress had the power
to pass such an act; and, even if ihey had the
power, he was perfectly convinced that it would
not be good policy to do it.
Mr. M. then went into an argument upon the
subject of the power of Congress in this matter,
contending that if Congress had the power to cede
away any part of the District, they had power to
cede the whole, and thereby entirely defeat the in-
tention of the constitutional provision in regard to'
the seat of Government. Instead of doing this, he
hoped that Congress would, by a wise and liberal
policy, make it the interest of "the residents of all
parts of the District to continue within the same
jurisdiction.
Mr. PENNYBACKER replied to the arguments
of the Senator from New Jersey, and maintained
that Congress possessed the power to cede a portion
of the District to the State of Virginia. He contended
further that the portion proposed to be ceded did
not, in contemplation of the first law that was pass-
ed on the subject, constitute a portion of the ten
miles square at all.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved that the
Senate adjourn; which was disagreed to: Ayes 16,
noes 18.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the_ Senate not
having come to any vote upon the bill, at about
half past three o'clock proceeded to the considera-
tion of Executive business, and, after some time
spent therein, the doors were re-opened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 30, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. WICK asked leave to offer the following
resolution which was read for information:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of granting land to the officers and privates of the
volunteer forces raised under laws passed at the
present session; and, also, of stimulating enlist-
ments in the regular forces, by granting lands to
such as may enlist between the 1st of June and
the first of November in the present year.
Mr. G. W.JONES said there was very certain-
ly not n quorum present.
[Several voices: " Oh T never mind; let the res-
olution go."]
Mr. JONES. We nre sworn to support.the
Constitution. That instrument requires that a quo-
rum shall be present for the transaction of busi-
ness. It is n different thhi£ in committee.
Mr. HOPKINS moved thnt the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. WICK hoped the motion would not be
pressed until the, resolution had been disposed of.
After a brief conversation, the resolution was
received yiv' adopted.
THE TARIV1*.
The motion of Mr. Hopkins having then been
agreed to, the House resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of Union, (Mr.
Conn, of Georgia, in the chmr,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill to reduce the duty on im-
ports, and for other purposes.
Mr. DIXON was entitled to the floor, and spoke j
during the hour in favor of the protective policy, !
and of the tariff of 1842. [This speech, and all the j
speeches on the Tariff, will be published in the i
Appendix;.]
Mr. BU INKKUIIOFF addressed the commit !
tec, not, he said, in a formal or prepaied speech, j
but in a u plain talk," to tell gentlemen, his friends j
of ihe democratic party, what they could do and j
what they would do; what they could not do and j
what they would not do. % Although not authorized j
to speak for the Democratic delegation from Ohio, |
he presumed he might say that all of them, like j
himself, would not vote for the hill reported from the i
Committee of Ways and Means. For this they j
had several minor reasons, which he specified; \
but their principal objection, and an insuperable i
one was, the tax on tea and codec proposed by it. |
But it was asked by the Administration and the.
" Organ," " Will younot vole this as a war tax i
In advancing to his negative reply to this inquiiy— >
to the inquiry whether they would not do it as a
favor to this Administration—Air. B. noticcd, as
reasons which combined to conduct him to thet ;
conclusion, the dissatisfaction which they of Ohio
felt at the neglect they had received from, and the
in favor of the bill of 1842, and against the bill be-
fore the committee.
Mr. YANCEY enforced with much earnestness
the fundamental principles of the Compromise
act—the levying of duties for revenue purposes.
He traced the history of the tariff legislation of the
country from an early period down to the Compro-
mise act, and noticed the circumstances, provisions,
and obligations of that act. The act of 1842 he
opposed as a flagrant violation of it and outrage
upon the country, and he supported the bill re-
ported from the Committee of vVays and Means
because it was better than the existing law. He
referred to the stand Ions: occupied hy the Demo-
ciatic party in opposition to a tariff for protection,
and to the pledges of the late Baltimore Conven-
tion—the violation of which he charged upon his
northern and western friends—and touched upon
many political topics.
Mr. THIBODEAUX followed, and went into
many statistical dicussions on the production and
protection of smg<ir, showing that the profits of that
business were not as great as many represented
them to be, and that the protection it now enjoyed
ought to be continued.
fie then entered on a curious and interesting ex-
amination of the doctrines of the existing school of
political economy, from which he was understood
to thssent. He quoted several modern works, and
finally arrived at the conclusion that instead of en-
couraging, it was our true policy to discourage the
arrival of foreign tahoiers among us, and to ex-
clude both foreign labor and foreign products.
Mr. MARSH next obtained the floor, and ad-
i dressed the committee in favor of the protective
' policy.
1 Mr. BENTON followed in support of the bill
i before the committee, and in opposition to the prin-
1 ciple of protection generally.
I Mr. CfiAllKE obtained the floor, and addressed
! the committee in remarks in favor of the bill, con-
1 tending that a revenue duty of twenty to twentv-
; five per cent, was amply sufficient for all the pur-
j poses of protection to home manufactures.
Mr. JENKINS addressed the committee on the
1 subject of the tariff generally.
, Mr. JAM KS THOMPSON spoke for about fif-
teen minutes.
: The committee then rose,
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. PEAMAN : The petition of 500 operatives in flint
wo^kss. piaying Con^-ecs that the dtities levied on flint
glass by the trinif of 1842 may remain unaltered, or if alter-
ed, to be specific: referred to the Committee ol Ways and
Means.
Bv Mr. RAMSF.V; The memoital of John S. Werner, A,
E. ynjdei, and (16 others, citizens of Schuylkill county,
t;i'iiiis\lviinia, i:)H>re-ted in the eoal tiade, remonstrating
against auv modtlioation of the duty on coal.
Bv Mr. J. ft. HUNT : This remonstrance of 64 citizens of
Graeme county, Michigan, remonstrating against the en-
;iefnj M]t of a law for the pale of the mineral lands m the
State of Mictu^an, which fixes the minimum pric«at$5
p .r acre, ,\ud drmPs the right, of pie-empuon and the claims
of the lessees of the Government.
By Mi. JACOB THOMPSON: The petition of John and
Daniel Millci, asfci^neo.s of Joseph Perry, a Choctaw fndmn,
want of influence possessed by them in, the ad- f°«" n reservation of land m lieu of one of which the said
rmm*tvMmn nf the P,niwnmpn't. nnd nls.v fhe.v '! Indian bad been deprived in the Chickasaw country: reftr-
ministration of the Government, and also at their
surrender of a western empire, while a war was [>
waged for southern territory. \\
The Ohio delegation, Mr. 13. said, would go jj
unanimously in favor of the substitute of Mr. >\
Hungerford. And even if the duties on tea and ;i
coffee were stricken out, he would prefer the ex- |l
isting law to the bill of the Committee of Ways '!
and Means. jl
Mr. BAYLY followed. After replying briefly
to some of the positions of Mr. Brinkeriioff, !
especially to the accusation of that gentleman in <j
relation to the unfair distribution of the. Executive |!
patronage, the injustice of which he (Mr. B.)con- tj
tended was demonstrable, he proceeded to address ji
the committee in favor of the bill under considera-
tion, as carrying out, to a great extent, the prin-
ciples for which the Democratic party had ever con-
tended. Not being one of/those impracticable men
who would vote for nothing, unless they could get
all they desired, he would vote for the bill before
the committee as a great improvement on the act
of 1842.
Mr. MeHENRY obtained the floor, and spoke
red to the Committee on Indian Aflairs.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 1, 1846.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a re-
port of the Secretary of War, made in compliance
with' a resolution of the Senate, showing the num-
ber and description of troops that have been mus-
tered into service from the State of Alabama since
the 1st of April last; which was read and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of John
Martin, an officer in the last war with Great Brit-
ain, asking to be allowed arrears of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the memorial of the
Common Council of Apalachicoia, Florida, pray-
ing the erection of fortifications for the defence of
that city; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was agreed to:
