1044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to furnish the Senate the names of the officeis,
non-commissioned officers, and private soldiers, of
the a/my under General Taylor, killed, wounded,
or missing, in the recent battles of the 8th and
9th of May, and their age, occupation, and place
of birth.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, asked that the said committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the me-
morial of Wm. R. T . Gales; which was agreed t0-
Mr. S. also asked that said committee be dis-
charged from the farther consideration of the peti-
tion of Thomns Wilson; which was agreed to.
Mr. 13REESE, from the Committee on Public
.Lands, reported a bill to create the office of sur-
veyor general of the public lands in the Territory
of Chc£,on, and 10 grant donation rights to settlers
therein, and for other purposes; winch was lead
and passed to the second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, asked that said committee be
discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of James Smalley, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs; which was
agreed to.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, submitted [
an adverse report upon the petition of Rczm Tenia, j
piayiug an increase of pension; which was ordered ;
to be printed. !
Mr. J. further, from the same cornmittce, re-
ported, without amendment, the House bill grant-
ing a pension to Elijah C. Babbit.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported, with amendments, the bill from the
House of Representatives, to repeal that part of
the act of the 30th August, 1842, which imposes a
duty of 20 percent, ad valorem on Java coflee,and
to refund the discriminating tonnage duties levied
on Spanish vessels, except" those from Cuba and
Porto Rico, by the act of 30th July, 1832, and to
prohibit such duties hereafter.
Mr. McDUFFlE, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, submitted an adverse report upon
the petition of John Strokecker.
^ Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, asked that said committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the memorial of
Samuel Knapp, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims; which was agreed
to.
Mr. YULEE, pursuant to notice, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce an act for the relief of
Fernando Fellanny; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. JOHN M. CLAYTON, pursuant to notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for
the relief of the heirs of Robert Fulton; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report from
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and the " bill au-
thorizing the settlement of the accounts of John
Crowell, late United States agent among (he Creek
Indians;" when the amendments reported thereto
by the committee were agreed to, and the lull was
passed.
THE PATENT OFFICE.
The people of the country read with pleas-
* valuable official documents which srive
of the community. In reference to objections
raised on account of the expense of printing the
document, Mr. A. made a brief statement of the
facts of the case, showing that the profits on the
printing did not exceed those of last year more
than $1,500—making, altogether about $9,000. He
described the heavy losses which the public printer
incurred in printing bills and otherdocuments, and
showed that the only indemnification for those
losses was the moderate profits arising from the
printing of documents of which a large number
was ordered, and in which cases the steam engine
could be employed.
Mr. SEVIER rejoined. He spoke at some
length of the comparatively worthless character of
the agricultural portion of the Patent Office report,
lie adverted to its voluminous dimensions, and
expressed the conviction that not one of the Sen-
ators had read the bulky document. He was s trc
that his colleague [Mr. Ashley] had not read it. j
That gent'eirian possessed too much good sense— j
too much intelligence—he had too correct a value ■
of time, to have read such a massive amount of
trash
ure the
them information relative to the national affairs,
and the operations of Government; but they did
not desire to be burdened with the expense of pro-
ducing such accumulation of newspaperparagraphs
as made up this document.
Mr. BENTON then took up a package of seeds
from the Patent Office; and, "in a speech full of
characteristic humor, and which excited much
merriment in the chamber, exposed the absurdity
of the agricultural labors of the Commissioner of
Patents. Be alluded to the " flash names," as he
styled them, labelled on the packages of seeds;
spoke,_ for instance, of " the thousand-headed cab-
bage;" humorously described the excitement which
the announcement of such a wonderful plant—af-
fording three cabbages a day throughout the entiie
year !—was calculated to produce on the minds of
the unsuspecting farmers and their wives, and ad-
verted, with becoming pathos, to the sad disap-
pointment of the confiding agriculturist. The
honorable gentleman, in conclusion, expressed, in
an emphatic manner, his readiness to unite in any
measure calculated to suppress the enormous
abuses of the Patent Office.
Mr. McDTJFFIE expressed his gratification in
finding that the gioss abuses of the Patent Office
were now about to be remedied, lie would sug-
gest that the most correct way of confining the
Commissioner to the dunes of his office, would he
to discontinue the annual appropriation for the
collection of agrieultuial statistics.
Mr. CALHOUN said tliat he gladly embraced
this opportunity to aid in the suppression of one
of the most enormous abuses under this Govern-
ment. In the year 3836, with great reluctance, an
appropriation of $1,000 was asked, and with great
reluctance was granted, for the collection of agri-
cultural statistics. Ten yeais afterwards it" is
found that the expense of publishing these statis-
tics exceeds by a considerable amount the entire
expenditure for the government of one of the most
considerable States in the Union. If lie was cor-
rectly informed, the annual expenses of the State
of North Carolina were but seventy-odd thousand
! dollars; and here they had paid for the printing of
_ The act " declaratory of the powers, and legal- ! this document eighty-three thousand dollars. Nor
lzing certain acts of the chief clerk of the Patent p was this only a moneyed abuse. It was an abuse
Office," coming up on its third reading, il in every aspect. The Congress of the United
Mr. SEVIER submitted a few remarks in rela-
tion to the abuses which had grown up in the pat-
ent department from the appropriation made for
collecting agricultural statistics, &e., and moved
that the bill under consideration be recommitted to
the Committee on Patents, with instructions to re-
port an amendment repealing the 9th section of the |! concurrence,
act authorizing the expenditure of money m the " "
purchase of seeds, &c., which would put" an end
to the abuse referred to, and confine the patent de-
partment to its appropriate sphere.
Mr. CAMERON opposed the recommittal, and
submitted a few remarks in favor of the publica-
tion of the Patent Office agricultural report, (which
had been referred to,) a document which the farm-
ing community looked for with a great deal of in-
terest.
M.r. A§HLEY replied in the defence of the pub-
lication of the agricultural statistics. He spoke of
the value of that portion of the report to the farm-
ing classes, who constituted such a large majority
States had no right to take charge of such a sub-
ject; and if it had, it did not belong to the Patent
Office department. The only effectual mode of
putting down this gross abuse "was the plan pro-
posed by the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Sevier,]
and to it he (Mr. C.) should gi\e his most hearty
Mr. DAYIS was opposed to recommittal on the
ground stated by the Senator from Vermont, TMr.
Phelps . J
Mr. WESTCOTT said he had no idea of pass-
ing laws to remedy the negligence of the Commis-
sioner in leaving the duties of his office to be dis-
charged by the chief clerk. He then pioceeded to
speak of the inutility of the agricultural laloors of
the Commissioner.
Mr. ATHERTON had always regarded this as
a gross abuse; and he was ready to adopt any
proper means to put an end to it. He was of
opinion that the original appropriation had been
only for that year, and that there was no provision
for its continuance. By striking the appropriation
from the civil and diplomatic bill, he thought that
the object of the Senator would be gained. He
would therefore vote against the' recommittal,
although quite agreeing with the object of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas.
The discussion was further continued by Messrs.
JOHNSON of Maryland, PHELPS, WEST-
COTT, DICKINSON, and YULEE; the last
named Senator stating that he was authorized by
the Commissioner of Patents to" say he would be
very happy to be released from this labor.
The (pestion was then taken oft the motion to
recommit with instructions, with the following re-
sult:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Atchison, Bashy, Barrow,
Bentra, Bright, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Crittenden, Dick-
inson, Dix, Fairfield, Hamiegan, Haywood, Johnson of
Maryland, Lewis,'Man^rum, M'cDuffle,Pennybacker, Rusk,
Sevier, Turney, Westcott, and Ytljee—20.
^ NAYS— Messrs. Ashley, Alherton, Breese, Cameron* Cil
ley, Thomas Clayton, Davj*, Dayton, Evans, Greene, Hous-
ton, Huntington, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Semple, Sim-
mons, and Sturgeon—18.
So the motion was adopted.
Mr. ARCHER moved that the Senate proceed .
to the consideration of the unfinished business oP
yesterday—the bill for the retrocession of Alex-
andria.
The PRESIDENT stated that the bill referred
to came up in the regular order of business.
Mr. GREENE moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Executive business; which-
motion was agreed to.
The Senate then went into Executive session,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were'
again opened, ' . - '■
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wedncsday, July 1, 184G.
The Journal of yesterday svas read and ap-
proved. <
Mr. ARNOLD asked leave to introduce on
amendment (with the purpose of having it printed)
to the revenue bill; which amendment he intended
to offer when in order.
Objection was made.
THE TARIFF.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of-the Union, (Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill to
reduce the duty on imports, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON (who held the floor
from yesterday) resumed and concluded his re-
marks in opposition to the bill. He stated the fol- ,
lowing as some of the reasons why he should vote
against it:
Because, if a war measure, the result will be en-
tirely inadequate to this object, yielding, according
to the estimate of the Secretary of the Treasury,
less by a million of dollars than the tariff of 1842,
11 which estimates he believed to be conjectural at
}i best, and to his mind erroneous.
Because, as a measuie of ordinary finance, it.is
Mr. PHELPS hoped that the motion to recom- ,        
mit would not prevail; although he was favorably I insufficient to meet the wants of the"" country', and'
■1  -1 - * ° *--- • if adopted, will in the end lead to direct taxation,
destroying at once both the purposes of- revenue
charged to a great exten
Commissioner, a law legalizing
disposed towards the object of the Senator from
Arkansas, yet he did not wish to see the ioint res-
olution embarrassed. In consequence of the chief ij and protection.
clerk of the Patent Office having for years dis- jj Because it will change the industry of the people,
the duties proper of the driving them from employments undertaken upon
his acts was ne- ;j the faith of your legislation, by admitting a free
cessary. !j and almost unrestricted competition from abroad,
Mr. MANGuM spoke energetically against the jj of labor reduced to-the lowest possible living prices,
gross abuses of the Patent Office, and represented i! the fruits of oppression and poverty.
the bulky agricultural report as matter at which jj Because it will retard that great national pros-
practical farmers turned up their noses with utter j perity now everywhere so conspicuous, by not
scorn and contempt. only greatly impairing the success of enterpriser -
