1046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,-
parent. Nor was there, in his opinion, any viola-
tion of a pledge on the part of Congress, as argued
by the Senator from North Carolina, [Air. ^A^'~
wood.] The act of Congress, it was true, estab-
lished this as the permanent seat ot Government;
but they all knew that an act of Congress possess-
ed no perpetuity of obligation, it was a simple le-
solution of the body, and could be at any time re-
pealed, Although he thought that Congress had
the power to remove the seat of Government, yet he
was not to be understood as supposing that it u ould
ever be expedient or wise to remove it. Re could
not concur in the views presented by Mr. Madison
on the subject of the location of a scat of govern-
ment, and read yesterday by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Pennybacker.] Mr. Madison made
an elaborate argument m favor of the position that
the seat of Government ought to be in the centre.
As far as the seats of government of the States were
concerned, that might be a just argument; but the
history of the world would show "thai the seats of
national government never were, or scarcely ever
were situated in the centre, and theiewas reason
for that general arrangement. They were nl\vc ys
situated on the frontier the most exposed. Where
was London, the seat of the British Government t
On the southeast frontier of the kingdom, looking
towards the continent of Europe. That of France,
Pans, was in the most exposed position. So with
regard to the seat of government in Russia, and so,
indeed, with regard to the capitals of all the chief
nations of the world. In the nature of things it
must be so. Now, if that was true in the geneial,
it was preeminently true of this Confederacy; for
the Federal Government looked almost exclusn ely
to their foreign relations. And here it had been
wisely located; and here, in his opinion, it would
continue, so long as the institutions of the Repub-
lic endured. If the seat of Government was ever-
changed, it would be in consequence of some other
cause than the retrocession of Alexandria, which
could not possibly in any way affect that maUer.
There might be a change from disruption, or m
consequence of some strong local interest prevail-
ing, though under their equal system of Govern-
ment that was hardly to be feared If great incon-
venience would arise to members at distances
extremely remote, murmurs might originate, and
produce such a change. Yet, even on that score,
there was not much ground for apprehension, as
the equitable arrangement of mileage had placed
members on a perfect equality, those farthest re-
moved, and whose home and family associations
and affections were most interfered with, receiving
appropriate compensation. As it was evident
from the temper of the Senate that the bill would
pass, he would not Jongei detain them by any ic-
marks.
Mr. ASHLEY inquired what clFect would be
produced by the retrocession with legard to the
debt of Alexandria ?
Mr. CALHOUN said there were abler lawyers
than himself in the body; hut he supposed that not
the slightest effect on the debt would be produced.
Mi\ PENNY13ACKER expressed the same
opinion.
Mr. ALLEN expressed his regret that the dis-
cussion had passed beyond the bill, and added,
that be rose only for the purpose of dissenting
from the views expressed by the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] in regard to the
location of the seat of Government. He (Mi-. A.)
had no intention to agitate the question of chan-
ging the seal of Government. It ni'ght not be
proper to do so at the present time; but the gen-
eral reasons urged by the Senator from South Caro-
lina would give it an eternity of location at this
point, and it was to that idea that he (Mr. A.) ob-
jected. The Senator had alluded to the example of
other nations of the world—to those ancient monar-
chies where the location of the capital was a matter
dependent upon the caprice of the court, and not the
convenience of the people Was it to be supposed
for a moment that such examples were proper for
the imitation of this Confederacy? No. He thought
that the United States should on that verv ground
adopt a different policy. The location of the seat
of Government near the seaboard in the vicinity
of the commercial cities gave to those cities a pre-
ponderating influence in the counsels of the Con-
gress of the United States five-hundred fold to one
over the influence exerted by a corresponding num-
ber of people situated in the vast interior. They
had no - committees from the banks of the Mis-
souri, the Mississippi, or even of the Ohio, " lob- ij
bying*' in these halls to regulate tariffduties. No. j
They had no companies of individuals in those j
western regions, and delegated to the Capitol with {
the view of obtaining laws to meet the wishes of j
individual and sectional interests, instead of the ;
wants and wishes of the great mass of the nation, 'j
The whole tendency of the Government since its 1
foundation had been to place itself exclusively un-"1
dcr the control of the commercial interest: and -
this pernicious tendency had been produced by the 'j
location of the seat of Government near the great j
influential commercial cities on the seaboard. He
ness; and, after some time spent therein,'the doors
were again opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jnty-%, 1846.
When we closed our repprt last evening, Mr,
Daniel was addressing the committee.
The committee was subsequently addressed by
Messrs. HOUGH, HAMPTON, HOUSTON of
Delaware, and LEWIS.
Mr. HOUGH obtained the floor and addressed -
might present many illustrations of this fact. Be- ■; t}ie committee, confining himself strictly to the sub-
fore the telegniphic communication was establish- ;j ject of the revenue. He briefly reviewed the Whig
ed, when a bill was introduced into Congress,
Wall street had notice of it,* if necessary, in fifteen
hours, and in fifteen hours more the cars brought
a delegation from Wall street to regulate the de-
tails of the bill. Thus had their tariffs been form-
ed—thus had the commercial interesis overruled
all others from their proximity to the Capitol.
The great mass of the people—four-fifths of them—
lived on the soil, and obtained from it subsistence.
It was m their centre that the seat of Government
ohouid be located. These, were his opinions, and
he stated them not as having any immediate bear-
ing on the bill before the, House, but in opposition
to the views expressed by the Senator from South
Carolina, whose remarks were always entitled to
high consideration and carried with them great
weight. ;
Mr. CALHOUN again rose and stated that it •
happened, that at the Memphis Convention—a body i
composed of six hundred members, possessed of |
great intelligence, and representing almost exclu- !
sively the interests of those'who lived upon the)
soil—a resolution was offered recommending a i
change of the seat of the General Government. A
most extraordinary sensation was produced, and
act o.f 1842, and pointed put many of its highly-
protective, and unjust, unequal, and oppressive
operations. He.avowed himself, in accordance
with the expressed will of his constituents, in favor
of its repeal, or material modification; and in favor
of such revision as shall divest it of its objection-
able features. Mr. H. also reviewed the bill under
consideration, reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means,, and avowed himself ia favor of its
passage, provided it should be so amended as to
relieve tea and coffee from taxation,-and to afford
an equal protection to wool, woollen blankets, flax-
seed, ana some other agricultural productions,
with that given to the manufacturers; and her-ould
become satisfied it would produce sufficient revenue
for the economical administration of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. HAMPTON next obtained the floor. He
represented, in part, a State deeply interested in
the protective policy, and came from a district, in
which all the Whig^, and, he believed, many'of
the Democrats, are in favor substantially of the
tariff of 1842; and he took this opportunity of en-
tering his most earnest protest against the passage
of the bill reported by the chairman of the Com-
whon the resolution was submitted, there was one jj mittee of Ways and Means. He then proceeded
lond-foned. overwhelming "no." ormosed to the i tn wlro Via shfmlfl sustain thft
loud-toned, overwhelming "no," opposed to the
solitary voice of the mover.
Mr. ALLEN". Where was that?
Mr. CALHOUN. At the Memphis Conven-
tion.
Mr. ALLEN. Ah ! that proves nothing. The
only difficulty has been the-ciioice of another site,
and-the contesting claims have been so numerous,
that the change has not been, ere this, seriously
mooted.
Mr. WESTCOTT was in favor of the bill, be-
cause it relieved the people of Alexandria from a
gal'tina; disfranchisement, of which he knew some-
thing by experience.
Mr. ARCHER advocated the bill in a long and
able speech.
Mr. HAYWOOD opposed the bill, and in an
eloquent manner contended for the sacred immu-
nity of the Constitution, and the wise arrange-
ments of the sages of the Revolution. He also
to give some reasons why he should sustain the
tariff of 1842, and oppose the bill under consider-
ation. • v
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, next obtained
the floor, and addressed the committee in opposi- -
tion to the bill in warm and animated terms-. He
proclaimed his ' determination to adhere uncom-,.
promisingly to the pcovisions of the teriff act. of
3842, and would take occasion at once'to say that
! he should vote against the bill under consideration>"
and all the amendments which are likely to be sub-
i nutted, as he was convinced that they would aE
1 prove alike fatal in the end, to the sound and sal-
; utavy influences which had been exerted by the
>\ existing law, and the principle of protection incor-
porated in it. There was but one honest and con-
j i scientious conviction among the people of his sover-
|1 eign district, which, as gentlemen are aware, was
! J a whole State, upon this great and important ques-
tion; and he was convinced that he hazarded no-
argued the constitutional question at considerable !i thing in saying that that conscientious and unani-
^ u  1 '! mous conviction was, that the provisions and
! policy of the act of 1842 should not be disturbed,
j Mr. H. spoke of the benefits resulting from the
i passage of this law, and predicted ruin and disas-
j ter as"the certain and inevitable consequences of its
. destruction and repeal.
i Mr. LEWIS obtained the floor, and addressed
I the committee in favor of the bill of 1842, and
i against the bill under consideration.
j A few minutes before midnight the committee
, rqse.
i And, in the House, the right or ten members
! then present adopted a resolution providing that
; the House should meet this day at nine o'clock.
: And a portion of the House, much less than a
; quorum, accordingly met.
I Mr, CROZIER moved that there be a call of the
'! House; which motion was agreed to.
> And the Clerk proceeded to call the roll of raem-
i! bers; and having called to the name of Mr. Pres-
h ton King,
- On motion of Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, a fur-
ther call was dispensed with.
A quorum having appeared,
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. McDOWELL, of Ohio, asked and obtain-
ed leave to make a personal explanation. He said
it was unpleasant to him to be under the necessity
of troubling the House with any explanation of his
position on the question of the tariff, or any other;
length, and with characteristic ability.
Mr. PENNY BACKER replied.
Mr. BREESE regarded the bill as unconstitu-
tional.
The bill was then reported to the Senate; and
the yeas and nays being called for on the question
of ordering it to be engrossed for a third reading,
they were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
^ EA3 — .Me^rs Allen, Archer, Ashley, Atchison, Ather-
toa, Briiiovw Benton, Calhoun, Camei on. Chalmers, Ciliey,
Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwni, Crittenden,
D im-, D<t\ tan, Faiifield, Gietne, Hannegan, Jnrnasnn, John-
son of Maryland, Jnhivnn of Louisiana, Lewis, Moreliead,
Penmlncker. Rusk, Sevier, Simmons, Turney, Westcott,
■ and Ynlee—'f2.
jNTAYy—Mcsih. Bieese, Blight, Dickinson, T)i\*, Evans,
Hayxvood. Uousto i, Huntmaton, Mansum, Miller, Niles,
Pnelps, Semjvle, and Sturgeon—14.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading.
Adr. ARCHER asked that the bill be put upon
■ its third, reading now.
| No objection being offered, the bill was read a
I third time and passed.
The title of the bill as passed is as follows, viz:
: " An act to retroccde the county of Alexandria,
' in the District of Columbia, to the State of Vir-
ginia. "
i On motion, it was
I Resolved, That when the Senate adjourns, it be
j to Monday next—the 4th of July intervening.
| On motion of Mr. HAYWOOD, the Senate then
I proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
