1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1047
but circumstances that bad taken place had, with-
in the last few days, made it proper that he should
now- do so.
About the time we received the President's Mes-
sage and the Report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, he understood that it was contemplated that
the Committee of Ways and Means, when they
reported a bill to amend tbe present tariff law, in-
tended to have in it a provisional clause to tax tea
and' coffee in case the wants of the. treasury should
require it. Prom that time to this, wherever or
whenever the subject was mentioned of taxing
these articles, he had most explicitly objected to it.
He had taken the position before his constituents,
when the Whigs here, in 1841, attempted to tax
them in their tariff bill. It was no new thought of
his, and had not originated, as had been insinuated,
in the disappointment of the Ohio delegation as to
the manner in which the Oregon question had been
settled. No: he held to principles. Whate\er
objection he had to the settlement of that question
originated in principle; such principle as should
characterize the conduct of an American citizen
and a representative of the people. He was no
toady, to prance around the feet of Executive
power; no jackal, to minister to the appetite of
the lion. Nor was he a tail to any comet. He
was an American citizen, born free, raised free,
and should claim the liberty of speech and action
here and elsewhere, and condemn what he disliked.
comefVom what source it might. His colleague
[Mr. Brinkerhoff] took the liberty of making
a short speech the other day, and in announcing
his views took occasion to say that his colleagues
would take a certain position. What was it?
That they could never sustain any bill whatever
that proposed to tax the stomachs of their constit-
uents; and unless tea and coffee were stricken from
the dutiable articles in the bill of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and they were satisfied the pro-
visions of the bill would raise a sufficiency of rev-
enue, as revenue tariff men, they could not support
it, but would take, in preference, the substitute of
Mr. Hungekfoixd. They had authorized Mr.
Brinkerhoff to make that statement, and that
was their position. They authorized nothing fur-
ther. He wished now to read the remarks of the
" Union" of last night, in which the editor says,
in speaking of Mr. Brinkerhoff:
" So much for his financial views. Rut what are we to
think of a Representative of the people who, after professing
to bean anti-tariff man, is willing to incur tlie danger of
defeating a great reform, because lie has been disappointed
about Oiegon. and still mote, because h" has been disap-
pointed in the search of office. Judge Wick has so scath-
ingly exposed these appeals, m hi* specch of this day, that
it is scarcely npcossary for us to expose them to the public
indignation. With what scorn did the member from Indiana
lash this disgraceful attempt of 'truckling and bargaining
with the Administration for a little Treasury pap;' thus to
bargain away votes winch the interests of the country re-
quired to be given! The Judge repiobated such a course,
< which God himself hates, which the Whigs despise, and
no honest man can respect.,}y
Truckling and bargaining with the Administra-
tion for a little Treasury pap! Thus to bargain
away votes, &c. He knew not what was the in-
tention of the writer of the article, but if he intends
to insinuate that his colleague (Mr. BbtnkerhoffI
had the power of moving him on the chess-board
to accomplish his purpose, or to wreak his indig-.
nation on the President—if, he repeated, the re-
mark was so intended, which he hoped it was not,
he threw back the insinuation with the contempt
which it deserved, and branded it as false, and
worthy alone of the mind which could conceive it.
He hoped, however, this was not the intention of
the editor of the paper. Such must be the infer-
ence on reading the article, it seemed to him, and
he must clear his skirts. If such charge was de-
signed, it came with a bad grace from one who now
lives in part on the patronage of this House. He
was not present yesterday to witness the display
made before this House by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Wick,] who undertook to lecture
Ohio, Pennsylvania, and New York* The " cas-
tigation5' given, seems to apply to his colleague.
"When the gentleman's speech was published, he
would cast his eyes over it, and judge of the " se-
verity of the castration." If the gentleman took
the liberty of ascribing to him any " bargaining"
motive's, he would reply to him. He would give
him alecture on his rights, and desire no interfer-
ence with them from him. When the gentleman
•wishes to demonstrate his admiration for the Ad-
ministration;, and advocate its principles, he should
do it in a different way, and not attempt to make
others stepping-stones to cffect his object. He
would take notice of him at the proper time; and
if his course toward him required it, he would take
the veil off of the gentleman, and let the world
know who he was.
Mr. JAMES McDOAVELL moved that the
rules be suspended, to enable him to offer the fol-
lowing resolution, viz:
Resolved, Tuat when the general debate upon the bill
now befoie the Committee of ihe Whote on the state of the
Union shall terminate at two o'clock to-day, the bill with
its propositions, and the amendment* the-eto. which have
been or may be otfeied, shall be put to vote, it shall be m
oidoi to discuss ?aid propositions oi amendments, piovided |
the discussion thereon by anv one member of the commit- ji
tee shall not exceed fifteen minutes. 11
The said resolution was read. |j
And the question being put, 6< Shall the rules be i
suspended?" '■
It appeared there was not a quorum of members
present; when
Mr. BARR1NGER moved there be a call of the
House.
And the question being put, it was decidcd in
the negative.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question then recurred on the motion to
suspend the rules, for the purpose of receiving the
resolution above mentioned.
And two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended, and the resolution was
not received.
THE TARIFF.
On motion of Mr. G. S. HOUSTON", the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole -on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill
to reduce the duty on imports, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. GENTRY was entitled to the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee in remarks generally in favor
of the protective policy, but mainly in exposition
of what he denominated the great, damnable, and
infamous conspiracy (alluding to the Kane letter)
by which the people of the State of Pennsylvania
had been defrauded out of their votes, and by
which the men who had perpetrated it had, in
violation of every principle of democracy, reached
the station they now occupied. These men were
James it. Polk and James Buchanan.
Mr. ASHMUN" obtained the floor.
Mr. RATHBUN contested his right to it.
After some conversation,
Mr. ASHMUN. rather (hn said) than give rise
to any difficulty between the Chair and the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Rathbun,] abandoned
his right to speak.
Mr. RATHBUN was in favor of modifying the
tariff of 1842—not of destroying, not of repealing.
When the cry came up from the Richmond En-
quirer, ''repeal the tariff of 1842," it was answered
from New York with one universal burst, almost
without exception, of "no repeal." They were
for correcting, not destroying; for equalizing, not
abandoning and overthrowing. He could not, as
a Representative of the people, in a time of war,
agree to a system that would greatly reduce the
revenue. The tariff we now have, with all its de-
fects, with all its provisions against revenue, pro-
duces in the gross about $30,000,000; by some
modifications, by laying their hands on some free
articles and making an increase on some few arti- [
cles which would admit of it, they could brina: up j
the revenues of this Government to from $35,000,- '
000 to $38,000,000. He stood on the same ground !
with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bdixkerhoff,] :
who (he said) had been much misrepresented in his i
opposition to the bill of the Committee of Ways j
and Means. Mr. R. wished it distinctly under- 1
stood that he opposed it bccaiu>e it would not yield \
. sufficient revenue. |
He reviewed the circumstances, action, and ob- \
ligations of the Baltimore Convention, and devoted '
a considerable portion of his remarks to a severe ,
reply to Mr. Wick.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL followed in defence of
tbe law of 1849.
Mr. McKAY, chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, made a general expose, as far
as his brief hour would allow, of the financial con-
dition of the Government with reference to the
peace establishment, as well as to the extraordinary
expenses of the subsisting war with Mexico, and
of the calculations on which this bill was based,
and the probability of its yielding sufficient revenue
to meet the wants of the Government.
He first reviewed the financial history (if the
Government, both as to its receipts and expendi-
tures, for the three years of the present law, and
in view of the circumstances of great public emer-
gency under which that act was passed^ (with the
intention of making it only a temporary measure,)
of the oppressive and monstrous provisions it
contained, and of the absolute necessity, before
any quiet could be secured, of making at least a
trial of the anti-restrictive system. Assuming that
sonic change was required, he proceeded to in-
quire whether the bill proposed was a suitable
measme:
I. UKT)ER THE PEACE ESTABLISHMENT.
First, as to expenses: for the last three years,
(excluding extraordinary means for the war, and
preparations for it,) they have averaged a little
less than $91,000,000; for the present year they
might be stated at $21,000,000; but, for entire
safety, he would estimate them at $24,000,000—(for
the peace establishment)—a large and liberal esti-
mate.
Second, as to revenue: if the amount of imports
were increased, as the Secretary estimated, in case
the bill went into opeiatiori, by the amount of
$14,253,000, (the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Hu.vcERroiiD,] admitted a probable increase of five
or six millions,) the bill, without raising at all the
rate of duty proposed by it, the Secretary esti-
mated, would produce $24,500,000 net, and upon
subsequent estimate, he thought it might go to
$26,000,000. But Mr. McK.'did not go so far;
for greater security, he assumed it to be only
$29,000,000.
The Secretary estimated receipts from sales of
the lands at $2,400,000. Mr. McK. adopted this
estimate. Then, according to Mr. McK.'s esti-
mate (as above) for the -peace establishment, the
expenditures for the current fiscal year would
be   #94,000,000
Receipts from the bill of
the Committee of Ways
and Means   #22,000,000
Receipts from the sales of
lands    2,400,000
  24,400,000
II. WAR ESTABLISHMENT.
If this Administration does the duty it owes to
the country, and to humanity, it will bring this
war to a close, as he believed it ought to do, when-
ever Mexico will consent to the establishment of
our boundary at the Rio Grande, and will give
sufficient guaranty of indemnity to our citizens.
He was opposed to a war of conquest—to despoil-
ing Mexico of a single part of her territory. He
believed the Administration had done its duty—
nothing more than its duty—all that it could do to
avert this war which was forced upon us. If this
coursc were pursued, the war might be closed in
six months—perhaps in three months. Calcula-
tions from the proper officers of the various de-
partments placed the expenditures of the war for
the year at §22,000,000. We have now, according
to the returns from the Treasury Department, pub-
lished this morning, in the treasury, available for
the service of the current year, $9,300,000. If,
then, the war were brought to a close, as he hoped,
in three to six months, this sum would be ample to
defray its expetises; and he did not propose to raise
additional revenue for the war.
The $9,300,000 now on hand in the treasury, he
estimated, then, would be ample for the three to
six months'war, (which he hoped would be its
limit.)
But in case the war unfortunately should not
thus soon be terminated, under the instruction of
the Committee of Ways and Means, he should re-
port a bill authorizing the issue of treasury notes,
or a loan, to meet its expenses.
He mentioned, in the course of his remarks, as
an important fact which called for a change of the
present tariff, that in its returns it was stationary
at best—in fact retrograde—the amount of revenue
under it for the year just closed being less than in
the year previous.
At the instruction of the Committee of Ways
and Means, (though against his own judgment,)
he gave noticc also that he should move to strike
out the duty on tea and coffee, and certain amend-
