1048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
ments which would probably increase the revenue
§1,500,000, making a revenue, on Mr. Walker's
estimates, of near §28,000,000; according to his
own, $23,500,000.
Mr. NOillllS followed in defence of the bill of
the Committee of Ways and Means, and in reply
to gentlemen who had preceded.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, obtained the floor,
but two and a half minutes remaining of the time
allotted to debale, and proceeded to repel certain
attacks made upon Mr. Secretary Walker in the
course of the debate.
The hour of two having arrived, the committee,
in pursuance of the order of the House, proceeded
to vote.
The following item bein^ under consideration:
"On goofl^, ware*, and moichandi^e, mentioned msched-
ule A, a duty of 75 per centum ad valorem."
3Vh\ McKAY moved to amend it by striking out
"75," and inserting "100."
The question was taken, (by tellers,) and the
vote stood—ayes 109, noes 67.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved to strike out from schedule
A the following:
"Cordials, ab ytithe, anack, curacoa, kir=cbemva^or,
liqueurs, maiaschmo, ratafia, and all other spirituous bev-
euiges of a similar character."
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to amend the amend-
ment, by adding to the said item the following:
"Wines, Bmgundy, Champagne, Claret, Madeira, Port,
Sheny, and all other wines, and imitations of wines."
The question was taken, (by tellers,) and the
vote stood—ayes 55, noes 88. j
So the amendment to the amendment was re- ]
jected. j
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. McKay to strike out the above-mentioned
item.
The vote was taken by tellers, and stood—ayes
74, noes 93.
So the motion was rejected.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved an amendment, to in-
sert an additional item, as follows:
" Silk, unmanufactured, and manufactuies of which silk is
the chiet component part, 50 per cent. ad valorem."
Mr. HAMLIN here suggested that the most reg-
ular mode would be to proceed regularly with the
sections of the bill, and afterwards to adapt the
schedules to the sections. I
After some conversation, the suggestion having i
been acceded to, that course was adopted. I
The question recurring on the amendment of Mr. !
Tibbatts, which he accompanied with a schedule |
to be marked "I''— j
It was taken, and the amendment was rejected. ;
The following item being under consideration: j
" On goodfr, wares, and merchandise mentioned in sched- j
ule B, a duty of 30 per cent, ad valorem "
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the item, to read
as follows:
« On good*, wares, and merchandise mentioned in sched-
ule B, a duty of -40 per cent, ad valorem."
Mr. SCHENCK inquired if it would be in order
to insert " fifty-four" before " forty
Mr. McKAY sent to the Clerk's table a list of
articles which he intended should constitute this
schedule.
The Clerk was about to read it.
Mr. ASIIMUN objected, on the ground that it
was not in accordance with the arrangement.
The CHAIRMAN said, if the objection was
persisted in, the committee would go back to the
original mode of proceeding1 on the bill.
Mr. McKAY, to obviate the objection, snid he
would designate the schedule as schedule J.
Mr. WOOD moved to amend the amendment,
by substituting 50 for 40 per cent. Rejected.
The first part of the amendment of Mr. McKay
was then agreed to.
And the question recurring on the schedule,
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to amend the schedule,
by inserting-—
"Silks unmanufactured, and manufactures in which silk
is the chief component part."
Which amendment, by ayes 43, noes 86, was
rejected.
_ Mr. P. KING- moved to amend the schedule by
inserting the following:
n£lr2n>in bar®> bIo°ms, bolts, loops, pigs rolls, slabs, or
other form, not otherwise provided for; castings of iron : old
or scrap iron ; vessels of cast iron.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. T1BBA.TTS moved to amend by inserting
the following, which was rejected:
"Hemp and wool unmanufactured, Manilla1, and other
hemp ot India, jute, Sual grass, con used for cordage, co-
diJ i, or tow 01' hemp, cables, twine, arid cordauc, \ain and
packthiead, tarred or unUned, seines, cotton bag.'ing, gun-
ny clot)), Fail dar k, Russia sheeting, linens, and grass cloth,
flaxseed, heinp&eed, linseed, and rapeseed."
Mr. P. KING moved to amend the schedule, by
inserting the following:
" Cloth ins rendy made, and wearing apparel of every de-
scription, oi*uintevcr material composed," made up or man-
ufactuied wholly or m part by the tailor, seamstress, or
manufacturer."
The amendment was rejected.
The question was then taken on the schedule,
and, by ayes 90, noes 54, it was agreed to.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved to amend the
schedule I, by inserting " ale, beer, and porter, in
casks or bottles." Not in order.
Mr. H. appealed.
The committee sustained the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved an amendment
raising the duties on j>oods, wares, and merchan-
dise, mentioned m schedule B, fiom 30 to 35 per
ccnt. Rejected.
Schedule 13 was then read over, and such arti-
cles therein mentioned as had been transferred to
the new schedule I, were stneken out.
Mr. FOSTER moved to amend schedule B, by
striking out "coal." Rejected.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON moved to strike out
the following, (with the design of inserting it else-
where:)
Iron in bars., blooms, bolt0, loop?, pig«, roll?, slab«,orm
othoi form, not othoi wise proMdcd for; casings of  on;
old oi scrap iron; ves^ch of cast non ; japanned ware of all
kinds, not otherwise piovidcd for."
The amendment, by ayes 45, noes 83, was re-
jected .
Mr. McCRATE moved to strike out from
schedule B, 44 molasses," and to insert an amend-
ment which was read.
The only part of the amendment now in order,
was that which related to "molasses."
And the amendment was rejected.
To the item m said schedule, "Salmon pre-
served,"
Mr. HAMLIN moved to add " or fresh." Re-
jected.
iVJr. McKAY proposed to amend schedule B,
by adding thereto the following:
" AIe,beei,and porter, m ca*ks or bottles; corks; earthen,
china, and stone woic, and all other wares composed of
eruthv or nnneial substances, not othoi wise provided for;
fiie cracker-; flats, braids, plaits, sparterre, and willow
squaies, used for making hats or bonnets; glass tumblers,
plain, moulded, or pressed, not cut or printed; hata and
bonnets, for men, women, or children, composed of straw,
satin stiaw, chip, grass, palm-leaf, ratan, and willow, or any
othoi vegetable substance, or of hair, whalebone, or other
matenal not othei wise piovided for; hemp, unmanufactured;
nut*, not othcuvi-e piovided for; ochres and ochrey earths,
used in the composition of painter^ colors, whether dry oi
growid in oil; oiive oil in casks, other than salad oil; pota-
toes; sewing silks, in the gum or purified ; shoes composed
wholly of India rubber; silk twtnt and twist composed of
silk and mohau; tobacco, unniauutactuied; twines and 1
packthread, of whatever mateual composed; virieirar; wood
and wood uumanuiactuicd, not otherwise piovided for;
wool, unmaiiufactuicd "
Mr. GORDON moved to amend the amendment
oy adding aftai the words "wool unmanufactured,"
the words, "according to its value at the port of
entry in the (Tinted States."
After a brief conversation between Mr. WIN-
TTTROP and the CHAIR on a point of order,
The amendment of Mr. Gordo\t was rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding " firewood and wood unmanufac-
tured." Agreed to.
Mr. HOUGH moved to insert " blankets of all
kinds." Rejected.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to add, " cotton-bag-
; gins; of hemp, flax, or other material." Rejected.
, Mr. RATHBUN moved tu add, " woollen and
! worsted yarns.Rejected.
I Mr. R. moved to add flaxseed and hempsecd."
| Rejected.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to add, " hemp-flax, or
manufactures of hemp." Rejected.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to insert:
£cFish, foieisn, whethei fre-di. smoked, salted, dried, or
pickled, not otherwise provided for."
Rejected.
Mr. HOUGH moved to strike out line 199, with
the intention of inserting it elsewhere. Rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to insert—'
" Boards, planks, staves, laths, scantling, spars, hewn and
sawed timber, and timbe^to be used in building wharves."
Rejected.
Mr. RATHBUN moved to insert raw hides and
skins of all kinds, whether dried, salted, or pickled,
not otherwise provided for. Rejected.
Mr. FOSTER moved to amend the amendment
by adding " salt." Rejected.
Mr. SIMPSON moved to strike-out "hemp."
Rejected.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved to add " cables
and cordage." Rejected,
Also, " paper hangings and paper for screens and
fire-boards.'* Rejected.
Also, window glass, broad, crown, or cylinder.
Rejected.
Also, another item not heard.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to strike out after the
word " hemp" the words " not otherwise provided
for." Rejected.
And then the amendment of Mr. KcKay to the
schedule, by ayes 95, noes not counted, was agreed
to.
The following item being under consideration:
(< On goods, wai es, and merchandise, mentioned in sched-
ule C, a duty of 25 per cent, ad valorem."
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved to strike out 25?
and insert 30. Rejected.
Mr. GORDON moved to strike out from the
schedule " wool unmanufactured." Agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN moved to strike out the fol-
lowing, which was rejected:
" Raw hides and skins of all kinds, whether dried, salted,
or pickled, not otheiwite provided for." *
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved to insert—
" Velvet in the piece, composed of cotton and silk, but of
which cotton is the material of chief value."
Rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to insert the following,
which was rejected:
" Fish, foreign, whether smoked, fresh, salted, dried, or
pickled, not (ithcrvvi.se provided for."
Mr. McKAY moved to amend schedule C by
adding:
" Borax or tincal; Burgundy pitch; calomel, and all other
meicurm! prcpaiations; camphor, crude or refined; feather
b^ds, feathers for beds, and downs of all kinds; floss silks;
grass cloth ; hair cloth, hair seating, and all other manufac-
tures of hair, not othei wise provided for; jute, Sisal grass,
coir, and other vegetable substances, unmanufactured, not
otherwise provided for; matting, Chinese, and other floor
I malting and mats, made of flags, jute, or grass j roofing
I slates."
The motion was agreed to.
Schedule D (duties 20 per cent^ad valorem)
being under consideration:
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved to strike out
the following:
1 Acids, acctic, acetous, benzoic, boracic, chromic, citric,
muriatic, white and yellow, mtnc, pjroligneous and tar-
taric, and all otheracids of every description, used for chem-
ical or medicinal purposes, or for manufacturing, or m the
fine aits, not otherwise provided for,"
The motion was rcjcctcd.
Mr. McKAY moved to strike out the following:
<4 Ale, beer, or porter, m casks or bottles."
Agreed to.
Mr. HOUGH moved to strike out " boards and
planks." Rejected.
On motion of Mr. McKAY " borax or tincal"
were stricken out, and other items that had been
transfejred to other schedules.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to amend in line 27X by
j inserting " fresh" before " fish." Agreed to,
I On motion of Mr. McKAY, the following was
1 stricken out:
j " Hat*. braids., plaits-, sparterre, and willow squares, used
; for making hats or bonnets."
| On motion of Mr. McKAY, the following was
stricken out:
" Ginger root, di ied or green; glass tumblers, plain, mould-
ed, oi pressed, not cut or printed."
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL moved to strike out
the following, which was rejected:
"Hair, furled, moss, sea-weed, and all other vegetable
substances used for beds or mattiesses."
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the following was
stricken out:
"Jute. Sisal grass, coir, and other vegetable substances,
unmanufactured, not otherwise provided (or."
A verbal amendment by Mr. J* R. INGER-
