1840.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1053
£ph<?rts, gawtellc, Sawyer, Seammon, Seddon, Alexander
I>. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Stan-
ton , Strong, Jacob Thompson, Thurmari, Town?, Tredway,
Wheaton, Wick, Williams, Woodward, and Yancey—102.
So the House decided that salt should be added
to the list of free articles.
The SPEAKER said that all proceedings that
had takeli place in relation to the reconsideration
so far, must be regarded as a nullity, because the
gentleman making the motion had no power under
the rule'to do so.
^ Whereupon, Mr. TIBBATTS moved a recon-
sideration of the vote by which salt had been add-
ed to the free list. /
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being ta-
ken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
Bayly, Bedinger, Benton, Biges, James A. Black, Bowlm,
Boyd, Broekenbrough, William G. Brown, Burt, Catlieart,
Augu^tu^A Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Olnw*, Chipmau,
Clarke, Cobb, Collins Constable, Cullom, Cunningham,
Daniel, Dargan, Jefferson Davis, DeMott, Dobbin, Douglass,
DiomgooIC, Dunlap, Ellsworth, Fat an, Ficklin, Flies, Gor-
don, Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Haimanson, Henley, I-Iogc,
Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, George S. Houston,
Edmund W. Hubard, James B. Hunt. Hunter, Joseph John-
son, Andrew John^m, Gcoige W. Jones, Soaborn Jones,
Kaufman, Kennedy, P. King, Lawience, Leake, La Sore,
Lumpkin, Maehiy, McCteruanti, MeConnell, MeCiate, Jo-
seph J.McDowell, James McDowell, McKay, John P. Mar-
tin, Barkley Martin, Morn", Morse, Noiri-s, Parn-Ji, Payne,
Pernll, Phelps, Pill>bury, Roid, Relfe, Rhett, Roberts, Saw-
telle, Sawyer, Seammon, Seddon, Al^xandei D. Sims, Leon-
ard H. Suns, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robe it Simtli, Stan-
ton, Strong, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatt-, Towns
Tredway, Wheaton, Wick, Williams, Woodward, and
Yancey—101. -
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Clumey Adam«, Arnold,
Ashmun, Baninger, Bell, James Black, Blanchard, Bnnk-
erftoft, Hrodhead, Milton Brown, Bufhngton, William VV.
Campbell, John II Campbell, Cnrroll, Cocke, Collamer,
Cianston, Cro/.ier, Culver, Dairagh, Gairett Duvih, Delano,
Dillingham, Dixon, Dockery, K(Uall, Erdman, John II. Kiv-
mg, Edwin II. Kwing, Foot, Foster, Garvin, Gentry, Gid-
dmgs, Giles, Giah-vm, Glider. Grimiell, Hampton, Ihuprr,
Milliard, Eha^ B. Holmes, J. W. Houston, Samuel D. Hub-
bard, Hudson, Ilungerford, Washington Hunt, diaries J.
Jngrrsoll, Joseph R, inger oll, James H. Johnson, Darnel P.
King, Leib, I.iewis, Levin, Long, McCIean, McGnuahey,
McBenry, Meflvalne, Marsh, Miller, Mosdey, Moulton,
Pendleton, Perry, Pollock, Ramsey, Ritter, Julius Rockwell,
John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Ruvsell, Sehenck, Seaman,
Severance, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Starkweather, Stephens, Stewart, St. John, Sliohm, Sykes,
Thibode«>u\, Thompson, Benj. Thompson, Jame«. Thomp-
son, Tilden, Toombs, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton.White, WU-
mot, VVintlirop, Woodrull', Wright, \ oung, and Yost—L U
So the vote was reconsidered.
The question then again recurred on inserting
"salt" in the list of free articles.
Mr. ASHMTJN asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered-, and, being taken, resulted a? fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams, Anderson,
Arnold, Ashmun, Barrmger, Bell, James Black, Blanchaid,
Brmkerhoff, Broahead, Milton Brown, Buffmgton, William
W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, Cocke, Collamer,
Cranston, Croalor, Culver, Darragh, Garrett Davis, Debmo,
Ihlhngbam, Dixon, Dockery, Erdmati, John 1-1. Ewing, Kd-
vvm H. Btying, Foot, Foster, Garvin, Gentiy, Giddnigs, Gi les,
Gtabani, Gnd^i, Gnnne.ll, Hampton, Harper, Hilliaul, Kiiaa
B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson,
Hungertord, Washington Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoil, Joseph
R. ingorsoll, James H.Johnson, Daniel P. King, Leib, Lewis,
Levm, Long, McCIean, McGaughey, Meliencv, McUvamo,
Marsh, Miller, Moseley, Moulton, Noras, Pendleton, Perry,
Pollock, Ramsev, Ritter, Julius Rockwell, J. A. Rockwell,
Root, Runk, RuaselJ, Schenck, Seaman, Severance, Ti uman
Smith, Albert Smith, C. B. Smith, Starkweather. Stephens,
Stewart, St. John, Strohhi,Sykes,Tlubodeauv, Thoiua-son,
Benjamin Thompson, Jtiiniw Thompson, Tdueu, Toombs,
Tiumbo, Vaneo, Vinton, White, Wilmot, Wmthrop, Wood-
ruff, Wiight. Yonna", and Y7ost—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bayly, Bedin-
ger, Benton, Biggs, James A. Black, Bovvhu, Boyd, Biocken-
brough. Win. G. Biown, Bint, Catlieart, Augustus A. Chap-
man, Reuben Chapman, Cfiase, Clnpman, Ciaike, Cobb,
Collin, Constable, Cullom, Cunningham, Daniel, Oaigan,
Jefferson Daw«, De Mott, Dobbin Douglass, Diomgoole,
Dunlap, Edsall, Ellsworth, Faran, Fiekhn, Fries, Goodyear,
Gordon. Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Harmanson, Ilenley,
Hoge, If-aac E. Holme.-, Hopkins Hough, Geo. S. Horn ton,
Edmund W. Hubard, James B. Hunt, Hunter. Joseph John-
son, Andrew Joiinsou, George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones,
Kauitnan, Kennedy, Preston King, Lawrence, Leake, La
Sere, Lumpkin, Maclav, McClelland. MeClernand, MeCon-
Roborts Sawtelie, Sawyer, Seammon. Seddon, AlexanderD.
Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Rolvrt
Smith, Stanton, Strong, Jacob Thompson. Tuurman, Tib-
batts, Towns, Tredway, Wheaton, Wick, Williams, Wood,
i Woodward, and Yancey—10.5.
So the House decided that salt should not be
placed on the list of free articles.
On concurring with the committee in the follow-
ing amendment:
"No drawbacks or bounties in lieu thereof shall be allow-
ed or paid on the exportation of pickled fish of the fisheiies
Qf the United States: And provultd further, That all laws
now allowing bounties on the tonnage of vessels engaged in
the cod and bank fisheries, be, and theyaie hereby, re-
pealed."
Mr. BARRTNGER asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Ashmun, Barririger. Bell,
James Black, BJanehard, BrinkerhofJ, Brodhead, Milton
Brown, Buffington, William W. Campbell, John H. Camp-
bell, Carroll, Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, Crozier, Culver,
Darragh, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dixon, Dockcry, Ed^all,
Eidm'an, John H. Ewmg, Edwin H. Ewmg, Foot, Fostei,
Garvin, Gentry, Giddings, Gordon. Graham, Glider, Grin-
ncll, Hampton, Harper, Hoge, Eli'as B. Holmes, John W.
Houston, S. D. Hubbard, Hudson, Hungcrford, Washington
Hunt, Charles J. liigcrsoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins,
Daniel P. King, Leib, Lewis, lievin, Lone, McCIean,
McGaughey, M«-IIemy, Mellvame, Marsh, Miller, Mo«( b-v,
Niven. Pendleton. Perry. Pollock, Ram^ev, Rathbun, Ritter,
Jufius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Boot, Runk, Russell,
Schenok, Seaman, Seveiauce, Tiuinan Smith, A. Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Stephens., Stewart, Sttohm, Sjkes, Thiho-
deaux, Thomasson, J^eujamiri Thompson, James Thompson,
Titden, Toombs, Trumbo, Vance. Vinton, Wheaton, White,
Wilmot, Wmthrop, Woodruff, Wnght, Young, and Yo^t—
100.
NAYS—Messrs. Jolm Qumcy Adams, Stephen Adams,
Atkinson, Raylj , Bedmger, Benton, Bi«i s, .Taiue^ A. Bint k,
Bowlm, Bojd, Broekenhiomch, William G. Brown, Burt,
Catlieart, Aucfu^tus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase,
Clnpman, Chukc, Cobb, Collin, Constable, Cullom, Cun-
ningham, Daniel. Dargan, Jefferson Davis, De Molt, Dilling-
ham, Dobbin, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dunlap, filkworth,
Faran. Fiekhn, Fiies, Giles, Goodyear. Grover, Hamlin,
Haial^on, Hamianson, llenley, Milliard, [s-aac E. Holmes,
Hopkins, Hough, George S. Houston, Fjdmund W. Hubaid,
James B. Hunt, Hunter, James H.Johnson, Joseph John-
son, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones,
Kaufman, Kennedy, 1\ King, Lawrence, Leake, La Sore,
Lumpkin, Maelay, McClelland,* M< Cleinand, MeConnell,
McO.ate, Joseph'J. McDowell, jant'-s McDowell, McKaj,
John P. Mirtm, B.ukky Martin, Moiris, Mor-e, Moulton,
Norris, Parrish, Payne, Pertill, Phelps, Pillsburj, Renl,
Relfe, Rhett, Robt:rt.s,Savvtcll'-,Sawyer. SeainuHJii. Seddon,
Alexander D. Sims, Leonaid H. J-iuns, Simpson. Thomns
Smith, Robeif Smith, Stanton, St.n kweather, St. John,
Strong, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, TibbaM>, Town«,Ti ed-
way, Wick, William^, Woodward, and \'ane.ey—lt>9.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
The. bill, as amended, was now ordered to n third
reading; and, having hem read a third time by its
title, and the question being on its passage,
Mr. IiOYD demanded t he previous question.
There was a second, and the mam question was
ordered tr> he now taken
The yc\ns ^iid nays wore asked and oidered;
And the mam question, u Shall this hill pass
was taken, and decided in the affirmative, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—MosHfs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
Bayly, Bedmger, Benton, Biggs, James A. Black, Bovvlin,
Boyd, BrinkerhofF, Brookonbtough, William G. Brown,
Burt, Catbeart,, Augustus A. ('hapmnn, Reubyn Chapman,
Chase, Chipman, Ciaike, Cobb, Colhb, Cuilom, Cunning-
ham, Daniel, Diirgun, JcflVisou Da>i>, De Mott, Dobbin,
Douglass, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Ellswoith. Faum, Fiekhn,
Fries, Giles, Good\ear, Gordon, (*rover, Hamlin, Haralson,
Harmanson, Henley, Hilliaul, Hogt', Isaac E, Holmes,
Hopkins, Hough, (ieorge S. Houston, Edmund W. Huhurd,
James B. Hunt, Hauler, James IJ. John>on, Joseph Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones Kauf-
man, Kennedy, Pro-ton King, Lawtenee, Leake, La Sete,
Lumpkin, Maclav, McClelland, MeClernand, MeConnell,
MeCrato, Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell, McKay,
John P. Martin, Barkley Manin. Moms, Morse, Moulton,
Niven, Norris, Piirrwb, Payne, Pern!!, Phelps, Pillsbury,
Rathbun, Keid, Reife, Rhett, Roberts, Sawteile, Sawyer,
Seammon, Seddon, Alexander D. Sims-, Leonard H. Sims,
Snnp-on, Thomas Smith, Bobeit Smith, Stanton, St.uk-
weather, St. John, Stums, Jacob Thompson, Thurman,
Tibbatts, Towns, Tredwa>, Wick, Williams, Wihnot,
Wood, Woodward, and \anecy—1H.
NAYS—MusPiiJ. Abbott, John <luinoy Adams, Arnold,
Ashmun, Baninger, Bell, James Black, lllanchard, Brod-
head, Milton Brown, ButFmgfon, William W. Campbell.
John H. Campbell. Carroll. Cocke. Collann r, Ctnnsfon,
Cro/.ier, ('ulver, Darragh, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dixon,
Dockery, Ed*all, Eidtnan, John H. Ewmg, Edwm H.
Ewing,' Foot, Foster, Garvin, Gentry, GnUhugs, Graham,
Grider, Grmni'll, Hampton, Harper, Elia- B Holmes, John
W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Hungeifoid,
Washington Hiurt, Charles J. (ngersoli, Joseph R.~ Inger-
.-.oil, Jenkins, Darnel P. King, Leib, Lewis, Levin, Long,
McCIean, MeGaughev, Mcljeniy. MeJlvaine, Marsh, Mil-
ler, Moseley, Pendleton, Pejrj, Pollock, Ramsey, Ritter,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Hunk, Rmsell,
Schenck, Seaman. Severance, Truman Smith, Albert
Smith, Cileb B. Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Stiohm, S\kes,
Thibodeauv, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson, James
Thompson, Tildcn, Toomb?, Trumbo. Vanee, Vinton,
Wlieaton, White, Wmthrop, Woodruff, Wright, Young,
and Yost—95.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. FARAN moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and demanded the previous question.
There was a second. The mam question was
ordered; and, being taken, the vote was not recon-
sidered.
The question then was on the title of the bill—
Mr. COBB demanded the previous question,
which was seconded. And the main question was
ordered; and, being taken, the House agreed to the
title.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and demanded the previous question,
There was a second. The main question waa
ordered; and, being taken, the vote was not recon-
sidered.
THE FOURTH.
On motion of Mr. HOGE, it was
Resolved, That when this House adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 6, 1846.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, made in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate passed
on the first instant, collin"* for the names of the
ofliceis, non-commissioned officers, and privates,
killed, wounded, and missing, in the actions of the*
8th and 9th of May last; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed. Subsequently,
Mr. SEVIER moved that the vote directing the
printing; of the document be reconsidered, as it did
not contain the information desired.
Mr. STURGEON presented the memorial of
Thomas O'Nciil, deputy marshal of the United
States for the eastern district of Pennsylvania,
asking remuneration for services>in arresting a fu-
gitive from justice, charged with counterfeiting the
com of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CUlEEiNE presented a memorial from the
faculty of Brown University, asking that foreign
books imported into the United States, except such
as are printed in the English language within five
years previous to the tune of importation, may be
admitted free of duty; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition of riti-
'70iw of Missouri, asking the establishment of a
mail-route from the county seat of Atcluson to Sono-
rn, hi that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Oiliec and Post Roads.
The Senate took up the bill for the relief of the
lc£ al representatives of .T. J. Bulow, deceased;
when its consideration was postponed until to-
morrow.
A " bill granting a pension to Joseph Morris"
was taken up and considered as in committee of
the whole.
Mr. EVANS explained the circumstances under
which the petitioner presents his claim.
The bill was reported hock to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed and read
a third tune.
The "bill for the relief of Henry Ettinc1" was
read a second tune, constrictc<1 as in committee of
the whole, reported back without amendment,and
ordered to bo engiosscd and read u third time.
The "bill to allow to Elijah White additional
compensation for services, and reimbursement of
expenses incurred a^ acting sub-agent west of the
Kooky Mountains,was read a second time, and
considered as in committee of the whole.
Mr. ATCHISON submitted a substitute for the
bill; which was agreed to.
The bill was reported back to the Senate, the
amendment concurrcd m, and the hill was oidered
to be engrossed and read a third time, by yeas and
nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Raeby, Breeze,
Bright, Calhoun, Ca««, Cbalmer*, Colquitt, Dickinson, Fair-
field, Hannegan, Houston, Johnson of Louisiana, McDuflie,
Nilrs, Pemiybacker, Rusk, Semple, Sevier, Stuigeon, Tur-
ncj, and Wcstcott—24.
NAYS—Me^r>. Cillev, Thomas Clayton, J M. Olavton,
Corwin, Evan^, Greene, Huntington, Jarnagin, Mangum,
Morehead, and (Jpham—11.
The <( bill for the relief of Bent, St. Vrain, &
Co.," was read a second time, considered as in
committee of the whole, reported back to the Sen-
ate without amendment, and then laid over until
to-morrow.
The u bill for the relief of Benjamin Harris, of
La Salle county, State of Illinois,"was read a sec-
ond time, considered as in committee of the whole,
reported back to the Senate without amendment,
and ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
THE TARIFF.
The bill from the House entitled "A bill re-
