1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1055
the committee be temporarily filled. The majority
upon the committee will of course be given to the
other side of the House. And it really does seem
to me that those gentlemen who most desire the
passage of the bill ought to be in favor of having
the subject thoroughly investigated. The more
thorough and earnest the investigation the more
fixed and durable will the system become. ,
Mr* SEVIER said he would modify his motion
so as to make the bill the special order for Monday,
at one o'clock, and every day thereafter until final-
ly disposed of.
Mr. LEWIS said he was not present when the
motion was made. He happened, at the moment,
to be in the committee-room; but it was a motion
which he himself would have made had he been in
his seat. ,He would have made it, not as chairman
of the Committee on Finance, but as an individual
Senator, anxious for the passage of the bill. He
agreed with the Senator from Arkansas, that it re-
solved itself almost into a question of time. Under
the present circumstances, it appeared to him, that
to refer the matter would be to delay it; and to de-
lay it was to defeat it. The gentleman from North
Carolina talked about a report being made by Mon-
day next; but he thought he would be but little
enlightened by any report that could be made by
the committee. Gentlemen would got more en-
lightenment upon the subject from the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury than from all the re-
ports which could be made by the Committee on
Finance. Besides, time was important; there were
many important measures y<,t to be acted upon.
The sab-treasury, the warehouse bill, and one that
wns hardly less important, the graduation bill; and
there was the Oregon bill, besides the appropria-
tion bills which he had not yet boon able to bring
forward. He had been waiting for the Senator
from .New York to get his warehouse bill through;
he had been waiting also for the Senator from Illi-
nois to make progress with his graduation bill,
which he had been sedulously endeavoring to get
forward. And yet gentlemen, who ought to feel
themselves responsible for these measures, did not
hesitate to vote en masse to adjourn over from Thurs-
day to Monday of last week. It was a matter which
those who had to bear the responsibility ought to
look to. lie hoped they would now go diligently
to business, pass the graduation bill to-day; take
up the warehouse bill to-morrow, and pass it or
reject it at once; and then proceed to some of the
.appropriation bills; and, on Monday next, take up
the tariff, give gentlemen an opportunity to discuss
it, and make it the order of the day every day un-
til it was adopted. He was in faVo£ of no gag-law;
and he hoped that no mere adherence to form would
induce the Senate to vote down the proposition to
make this bill the special order for Monday next.
Mr. ARCHER saidMie was totally opposed to
the proposition of the-Senator from Arkansas.
What was that proposition? It. was that the bill,
the most important perhaps of all others which
had or would come under the legislation of Con-
gress during this session, was to be driven through
the Senate without the possibility of .suggesting an
amendment.
Mr. SEVIER said he had made his motion for
the very purpose of giving time.
Mr. ARCHER protested against the unusual
course which was proposed to be taken in regard
to this bill.
Mr. DAVIS differed from the honorable gentle-
man opposite in regard to the clfect of a refeience
to a committee. Hjs general impression was, that
the body was enabled to act with greater expedi-
tion when they had the report of a committee.
The gentlemen on the other side alluded to this bill
as one of vast importance—a bill involving high
considerations. He cheerfully accorded to the
gentlemen that it was an important measure, and
one fraught with deep interest to the people'of this
country, and therefore not to be acted upon with
so much haste; not to be rashly adopted; not to
receive the concurrence of the American Senate
without full deliberation. The honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Finance said, if you
refer the bill itis lost. Lost!,how? by deliberation >
If you stop to deliberate, the bill is lost. If the bill
is to be lost (said Mr. D,) by deliberation, let it be
lost; if it is to be lost on considerations of this de-
scription, I am in favor of losing it. If calm delib-
erate examination, which the public interests
demand, is to operate its defeat, why then the nat-
ural consequence is, that it ought to be defeated.
Is not.this great question to be tested with delib-
eration? Are we not to be allowed to look into
its character through the agency usually employed
in this body? If 1 understand the annunciations
on the other side, they anticipate that the bill is
destined to become a law. Leave, then, the re-
sponsibility of making it such to those who vote
for it. In its present form I am quite sure it will
not get my support. As has been observed, it
proposes an entire change in the financial affairs
of the country; and not only the financial but the
ordinary trade and business of the country. And
notwithstanding this, gentlemen tell us we will not
stop to deliberate upon a measure of this descrip-
tion. Well, I shall not be much disappointed if
it should be the sense of the Senate that commit-
ment should be refused, although it is the long-
established usage of this body. It is somewhat
extraordinary, however, that the opinions enter-
tained by gentlemen constituting the committee
should be asssumed. If gentlemen were afraid
to trust the committee, they had it in their power
to constitute a majority of their own way of think-
ing. He could not thing that refusing to commit
the bill would have the effect of hastening its pas-
sage.
Mr. REVERDY JOHNSON remarked that he
need not dweil on the important public considera-
tions connected with this bill.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance had
described this bill as involving the liberties of the
people. Lie (Mr. J.) was inclined to think that
there was a huge majority of the community who
thought that there could be no practical freedom
without some such measure as this bill sought en-
tirely to destroy. Now he had supposed that be-
tween these two conflicting opinions, each perhaps
carried to excess, the good sense of Congress
would have been able to devise some measure en-
abling them to stand on something hkc common
ground, and which would have quieted the public
mind. He was sure that the Senator from Arkan-
sas had no desire to keep this subject befoicthc
public through all time. An election was about to
come on again, agitating the nation from one, ex-
hemity to another; and if tins bill wen- to pa^s
pieeisely as it came fiom the other Iionse, u iiieh
was, he undeistood, the wish of the chairman o{
the Committee on Finance, (and it was not to be
referred in order that it might so pass,) lie must
indeed be deaf and blind to all the indications of
the kind who does not see that the agitation will
but commcnce the day when Congress shall have
passed, under such circumstanced, such a bill.
♦His friend from Alabama, [Mr. Lewis]—if he
would permit him to say so; not that he was his
friend, for that he would say without his permis-
sion, but if he would permit him to say so—his
friend from Alabama was unnecessarily alarmed
about the present financial condition of the coun-
try. If his earthly pilgrimage had commenced so
far back, be would have been in a state of unne-
cessary alarm from 1789 to the present hour; for
if this bill was to pass because it involved a ques-
tion of taxation and freedom, the honorable gen-
tleman, without knowing it, would have been a
slave from 17d9 until this very (jth of.luly, one
thousand eight hundred and forty-six. What, he
would ask, was the best mode of accomplishing—
if it were capable of accomplishment—the com-
posure of the public mind with regard to this agi-
tating subject? The people of the South—acting
no doubt honestly, entertaining then opinions with
the same sincerity with which contrary opinions
were elsewhere entertained—thought for the most
part that their interests were seriously affected by
the present system oi\ imposing duties. The peo-
ple of the North and of the Middle States gener-
ally entertained a different opinion, and under the
pledge of the law passed by Cong) ess, have in-
vested countless millions in this home industry.
These countless millions were about to be struck
down by this bill. So they said; with what
truth, he was not sufficiently informed to say.
Whose fault, then, was it that the bill did not
come up two months ago ? Was the Senate
to be blamed for that ? Were their propositions to
adjourn from Thursday until Monday the cause?
The other House had just sent the bill to them;
and, by-the-by, he thought it a little out of time for
the chairman of the Committee on Finance to rep-
resent these adjournments as having been in some
measure the cause of the delay, for jf he recollected
aright, that gentleman had uniformly voted, except
on the last few occasions, in favor of these ad-
journments. He (Mr, J.) had voted against fix-
ing any day for adjournment, chiefly because he
wished that this bill should be perfected by its
friends, and come to this body, and be acted on
with all the deliberation which the rules of the
body demanded. Now that it was here, they were
told to pass it at once. Well, he was not desirous
to put any question to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance which that gentleman might not
feel disposed to answer; but he (Mr. J.) knew what
answer he himself would be obliged to give to the
question, "Do you know what the bill is ?" The
chairman of the Committee on Finance no doubt
knew what the bill was, because he was ready to
j go for it. He had not had time to go through the
j items of the bill referred to his own committee, but
■ he had had time to go through the items of tins bill,
! which had not been completed till last Friday.
! The chairman of the Committee on Finance did
! not oppose the reference on the ground stated by
j the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] that the
j committee was a mutilated conccrn, but because
the committee was divided. How did he know
• that? Had the honorable gentleman taken the
! sense of the committee on the subject? Who had
| told him what his (Mr. J.'s) opinions were? Did
I we deal in probabilities and guess-work? and
j were they about to act on a great matter like this
- upon the assumption that just as the locale of the
members was so would be their votes. Judging m
1 that way, the member now speaking would he m
; favor of the bill, for so he believed the majority of
I the delegation from Maryland voted in the other
j House. The chairman of the Committee on Fi-
1 nance perhaps reasoned thus: " There is the Sen-
i ator from Maim;, and from his long experience and
I familiarity with this subject he may be able to show
i that this bill will not realize thirty millions—that U
| may not realize sixteen millions; and there is the
1 Senator from Maryland who will agree wi'h lum.
j They arc two troublesome fellows, and I am con-
I fulent the best plan is to get rid of them by not per-
^ niitting the bill to he referred at till.*' Where was
the sub-treasury bill? He understood the chair-
; man of t he Committee on Finance to have said that
. he did nor intend that it should go into operation
1 till the iiixt of January next.
i Mr. LEWIS. The spceie clause.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then the bill would not go
into operation with or without the clause, hccause,
if the present bill passed, there would be no specie
to touch. But whose fault was it, he (Mr. J.)
would again ask, that the various bills which had
been enumerated had not been acted upon5 Theie
was the graduation bill: why, it had been hrought
up only n week ago. Whose fault was it that it
! had not been brought up sooner? Not his, (Mr.
| J.'s.) certainly. Whose fault was it that the ap-
! propriation bills were delayed?
| Mr. LEWIS asked the Senator if it was to be
; expected that bills on which the House of Repre-
i sentati\es had been engaged for months should be
| despatched by the Committee of Finance in as
: many weeks 5
| Mr. JOHNSON. Very true. If had taken the
; House of Representatives from the first Monday
j in December till last Friday to perfect this hill, and
| how was it possible for the chairman of Finance to
\ pass it here in a few days? Out of his own mouth
i would he (Mr. J.) judge the honorable gentleman.
Now, the ability of the chairman of the Committee
' of Finance was equal to anything which any one
man could do; but was he a practical merchant or
1 manufactmer? No; he knew no more, practically,
| of commercial and manufacturing affairs than he
j (Mr. J.) did. He bought clothes for himself and
1 his servants, and that was about the extent of his
: commercial transactions. There were numerous
: articles mentioned in the bill, of which he did- not
I know even the names; but yet he was ready to
! pass the bill. But it appeared that they had all
the information that was to be desired long ago.
The Secretary of the Treasuiy had enlightened
them sufficiently by his report.
If he (Mr. J.) rightly apprehended in relation
to the matter treated of by the Sccrctary, there
was, as of all other subjects, two sides. The first
inquiry was, were the principles of the hill right?
And having examined that, the next subject of in-
quiry was, were its details right? It was all-im-
portant to be fully informed as to the details of the
bill; because they had a most important connexion
with its principles. He (Mr. J.) could not state
