1056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6.
what was the average rate of duty proposed by
this bill. Nor could the chairman of die Commit-
tee on Finance, unless he relied solely on the state-
ments of the Secretary. And yet he was wilting*
to pass the bill at once He (Mr. J.) believed that
the gentleman from Virginia was wrong when he
said the destiny of the bill was to pass. He could
not believe that; with all sincerity, he said that he
would consider it as a reproach to his character as
a {Senator and a man, that on a vital question like
this, he would vote for it without knowing what
would be its effect. The bill would not pass if a
majority of the Senate were satisfied that, so far
from being a bill bringing in twenty-eight millions
it would not bring in eighteen; and that it was
as nonsensical an effort as e\er was made to carry
out the principles of fiee trade, being protective
here and free trade there. If protective with re-
gard to salt—the salt would have protection—its
days were not numbered. In conclusion, he ridi-
culed the idea of neglecting all the pioper and sal-
utary forms of procedure for the sake of shortening
the session. He added that, a* an illustration of
tiie piopriety of examining the bill in detail, he
would like to be informed whether the duty which
it imposed on salt was protective or otherwise;
whether the duty was laid for protection or not on
that uiticlc, which, of ail others, the poor man's
stomach could not do without.
Mr. SEVIER mqmicd how long it would take
the Senatoi fium Maryland to understand the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON replied that lie would ask a
week.
Mr. RTCVTER. A week?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, a week, with all the
li^ht which the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance could afford him. There were reasons
which he (Mr. J.) thought should operate on the
other side in favor of the reference of the hill. He
knew that there was one distinguished gentleman
on the opposite sidk who would regard the pas-
sage of this bill as the crowning act of his legisla-
tive life. Surely, then, he would desire that full
deliberation would be given to it.
Mr. BENTON said that there was no disposi-
tion on the part of any member of the committee
to avoid the labor of giving to this bill the fullest
examination. But he was confident that all the
labor thus bestowed would he of little practical
value. It would lie quite impossible for the com-
mittee tu examine the deuuls of the bill m a .short
time. E\<-ry item would requiic sepai ate consid-
eration. In his opinion it \\ ould be entirely use-
less to send the hill to the. committee. The only
practical course to be adopted was, to proceed to
the consideration of the bill item by item. He
nerd haidSy say that the important character of the
bill demanded lor it the fullest investigation and the
most serious consideration. The most advisable
course was, to name a day on which the bill would
be taken up, and then to proceed calmly and delib-
erately to its consideration.
Mr. J. Ai. CLAYTON here raised a point of or-
der lie insisted I hat when the bill w<>s, by unan-
imous consent, read a second time, it was with the
undei standing that the usual course should be
taken, and that the bill should be referred to a com-
mittee; otherwise Senators 011 his side ofthe cham-
ber never would have given their assent to the
second reading. He appealed to the President for
support in this view of the matter.
The PRESIDENT remarked that he could not
jud^e of the motives of Senators in giving their
consent to the second reading.
Mr. CLAYTON" still insisted on his view of the
procedure, and would ask gentlemen on the oppo-
site side, it'they gave their conscnt to ,i second read-
ing for any other purpose than that of reference'
Mr. McDUFFIE then rose and said .that having
been thus, with otheis, appealed to, he fell bound
to state his motives in giving his assent to the sec-
ond reading. Without hesitation, then, he would
state that he gave his assent for no such purpose
as that mentioned by the Senator from Delaware. M
He gave that assent m order that the bill might be jj
disposed of just as the Senate thought proper. i:
Mr. SEVIER wished to know what advantage 1
had been gained over the gentlemen on the opposite ;
side, and described the usual practice of the Sen- '
ate, which had, he contended, been strictly follow- ;
ed on the present occasion. The object of a sec-
ond reading was, to allow the bill to* be disposed
of as the majority thought proper. Of what did
the gentlemen on the opposite side complain?
Why, that the motion for the second reading was
made to-day instead of being deferred till to-mor-
row. That was the length and breadth of the of-
fence charged, although, from the emphatic lan-
guage of the Senator from Delaware, it might be
supposed that some gross violation of right had
been perpetrated. He reiterated the arguments
which had been urged against the reference of the
bill. Reference, he contended, would in no way
aid the intelligent action of the body. ,
Mr. HANNEGAN next addressed the Senate.
He said he should vote on this question in strict
consistency, as he took it, with the course which
he had heretofore pursued on other matters. An
allusion had been made to the attempts made to
fix a day for the adjournment of Congress, and
that one of the objects of these efforts had been to
defeat this bill. In making his motion to fix the
day of adjournment, he (Mr. H.) had expressly
disclaimed any such intention. But there had been
ample time for action on this and all the other im-
portant measures before the body prior to the 20th
of July, if the proper disposition had existed. He
still thought that they might adjourn in three or
four weeks from this day; but now that they had
this bill completely in their power, he would be
unwilling to ,fix a day for the adjournment until
they had passed upon it oneway or the other; and
he hoped that that day would not be far distant.
He would oppose the reference of the bill to any
committee, select or standing, for the reasons
assigned by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, and his friends who had spoken on the
same side. He opposed that procedure, because
he believed it to be dilatory in all its tendencies—
he did not say intentionally so, but so it would be
m eflect. They had no guaranty whatever, that
if the bill were sent to the committee, it would be
reported to the Senate in a month. The Senator
from Maryland had asked the chairman of the
Committee on Finance—veiy significantly indeed
•—if he had examined all the details of this bill, so
as to be able to give a list of the items? He (Mr.
II.) would ask the Senator from Maryland, in his
turn, if he had examined, and could give in detail
all the items taxed under the present tariff law, or
any other that ever existed. He presumed that
such an exercise of memory would be labor wasted.
It would be very foolish, indeed, for the chairman
of the committee, or any other gentleman, to com-
mit to memory a parcel of outlandish names, as
were many of those to be found in the bill. The
bill had been m print since last Saturday morning.
He had read it m the "Union." Ho was per-
fectly satisfied with its general principles, which*
corresponded with his own opinions. He had ex-
amined the details as far as he could understand
them, and had arrived at the conclusion that the
bill should have his support without amendment
or alteration. It contained one great principle
which he held to be right, and that was, the ex-
clusion of two most obnoxious features from the
tariff system—the minimum and specific duties.
Had either of these features been included in
the bill, it never could have received his assent.
So far as the duty on salt was concerned, he
would with great pleasure give the Senator from
Maryland his construction of that item of the bill.
It was, m his opinion, a levenue duty. As to its
oppiessing the poor man, he had only to say, con-
test it with the present taxation of that article,
and you can ascertain in a moment which system
was most oppressive to the poor man, for whose
stomach the Senator appeared to cherish such an
affectionate regard. If he recollected right, the
duty under the present law on the article of salt
was specific, amounting to eight cents per bushel.
In the bill before them, the duty was ad valoiem,
20 per cent.; so that the duty would be about one j
and a half cent per bushel at most. So much for 1
the oppressive character of this act.
A good deal had been said about observing strict-
ly the rules of the Senate. Where was the neces-
sity of delaying action on account of what was '|
confessedly, in this case, an idle form? He must ;j
be permitted to remind his friends over the way, ti
who were such sticklers for strict observance of j j
forms, that, not long since, a measure of far greater . j
importance than this was disposed of without any j.
reference whatever—nay, disposed of summarily, j
after all freedom of debate had been absolutely j
stifled. There was a precedent which fully sus- j
tained him on this occasion. i
Mr. ARCHER. To what measure do you allude? I
Mr. HANNEGAN. It will be no great.stretch
of memory to-enable the Senator to find ah answer
to his inquiry. Let me help the gentleman, how-
ever. It is not quite two weeks since. Is it neces-
sary for me to be more particular?
Mr. ARCHER". It is not necessary, sir. I
understand you. There is no need for an expla-
nation.
Mr. HANNEGAN. Very well, sir; if the rule
is good, it is good for both sides. After that pre-
cedent no gentleman on the opposite side could
complain of any want of proper courtesy in hold-
ing them to the same rule. With regard to the
time likely to be occupied in the discussion of this
measure, he believed he could refer to another pre-
cedent. The famous " Compromise act"—which
presented the tariff question m a more important
aspcct than it ever had assumed, or probably ever
would assume—occupied but ten days in its dis-
cussion in both Houses. And yet that great
measure arrested the progress of intestine hostili-
ties. It passed the House of Representatives, my
friend from South Carolina tells me, in twenty
minutes. The present question has had a most
thorough discussion. Not only in the Halls of
Congress, but in every town, village, and hamlet,
at every cross-roads, throughout the Union, has it
been discussed. Its great'principles are known to
the masses of the people—I speak, of course, of
its principles, not its details; why, then, should
we be asked to give perhaps months to the consid-
eration and discussion of a subject as familiar to
the people as a "household word/* and upon
which I suppose the mind of every intelligent citi-
zen is fully made uj*>? Yet, for his own part, he
would listen with pleasure to the discussion of the
merits of the bill by gentlemen who felt called
upon to make speeches, either for the Senate or
for home consumption. He would be perfectly
willing to afford fall latitude of debate so long as
any gentleman desired to express his views.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON read from the rules of
order with respect to the procedure on the passage
of bills to a first, second, and third reading, for the
purpose of sustaining his former remarks with re-
gard to the understanding of himself and his
friends in assenting to the second reading of the
bill before the Senate. He then proceeded to re-
mark that the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hanne-
gan] labored under a certain degree of misappre-
hension with regard to the time occupied in the
discussion of the Compromise act. lie trusted
that he had not forgotten the important fact, that
during that session of Congress, the Senator from
South Carolina, who had informed him that the
bill passed the House in twenty minutes, be-
ing then a member of that House, a measure of
similar character—" Mr. Veiplanck's bill," as it
was called—had been discussed for nearly two
months. Indeed, no bill of any character had
been more elaborately discussed than that. In the
Senate the Compromise bill was discussed a week
or more—he was not particular about the time—
and that after the subject had been exhausted by
the discussion of " Verplanck's bill" in th^ other
House. Mr. C. went on to say that they did not
desire a protracted discussion of the bill before the
Senate, but in vain could a parallel be sought for
the course now proposed with regard to it. He
feared very much—he would not say that he
knew—that the fate of the manufacturing interests
of the country was decided. Gentlemen on the
other side possessed the power, and they were de-
termed to pass this bill, or some similar measure.
The victim was to be bound, and led to the sac-
rifice. He could only ask that the decencies of the
sacrifice should be observed.
Mr. NILES was in favor of the reference, first,
because it was the usual course in that body; and,
secondly, because, it had been stated bv several
Senators, this was a bill which required the ex-
amination of a committee. It was almost wholly
a matter of detail, and he wished the subject pre-
sented in such a light, if possible, that he might
vote for it. As it at present stood he was not in
favor of the bill, nor would it be approved by the
people of this country. It would come upon them
by surprise. They expected no such measure a&
this. He had felt that it would be the part of wis-
dom to let this matter be passed by for another
year, until the consequences of the war in which«,
we were now involved might be clearly known,
and the condition of their finances be-ascertalnec!.
He had hoped, fondly hoped, that the good sense
