& •-
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1846.
New Series....No 67.
and the practical interests of the country would
have had some effect upon public opinion, and
that the time would come when this subject of the
tariff, which had hitherto been agitated between
the two extremes of parties, would cease to be a
football of- party contest.
It was easy to foresee the fate of this measure.
There would probably be no amendments tolerated;
reference, therefore, would be of little importance.
He would have desired to see it amended so that
it would guard the ordinary interests of the coun-
try. Such were his hopes; but they were destroy-
ed. He saw it was determined that the bill should
be forced through without examination, and they
would be driven to the disagreeable necessity of
voting upon it as it stood. In such case he should
not hesitate. He had no agency in making the
Saw of 1842; he had no agency in this; indeed
he might almost say Congress had no agency in
it; it was an Executive measure, and Congress
was merely called on to register it by their votes.
But he would say to his friends that perhaps they
were not aware of the responsibility of passing an
act of this kind. It was not a lis>ht subject. If
that bill were passed it would be found not to be a
light subject, when they came back here one or
two years hence and found an exhausted treasury,
a discredited Government, with the necessity of
making a loan of twenty millions of dollars. Gen-
tlemen would then begin to perceive its effects;
they would then begin to discover how destructive
it was to the best interests of the country. Those
interests were not to be trifled with; they were not
to be made the sport of party influcnccs or of party
caprice; and they should not be made so by his
vote. That vote should be given with a proper
regard to the interests of his own constituents and
of the country at large. The time would come
when the present law would be repealed, but the
repealing law must be based upon no new experi-
mental principle. The bill he supposed would
take its course; he should take his. He would
stand where he had ever stood, on tariff ground,
which belonged to the Democracy of the North.
The people of the North knew their rights, and
they would not be betrayed. He would endeavor
always, so far as he was able, to carry out the
principles of the Northern Democracy. Those
principles were, a tariff for revenue with dis-
crimination for protection. Was this bill based
upon those principlesf He was inclined to think
not. He was inclined to think that, in many in-
stances, it discriminates against protection. It
had no uniform principle except one, and that was
the ad valorem principle. He could not sanction
it; still, it was due to the subject as well as to the
country that it should have full examination and
full discussion. He hoped, therefoie, it would be
referred.
Mr. BAGBY remarked, that if even there was a
possibility of any good resulting from the refer-
ence, he would vote for it. He asked, in the name
of all that was sensible, what was the object of ref-
erence ? Was it for the purpose, at that advanced
period of the session, of going through forms which
gentlemen admitted to be useless? He was amongst
those who had voted against every proposition for
adjournment. Well, the bill had come before them,
and what was the first proposition with which they
were met? To refer it! For what purpose? For
the purpose of delay; for no one had the hardihood
to say that he expected an agreement in the com-
mittee, or any result tending to facilitate the action
of the body. He was prepared to take the bill as
it was; not because he had examined it in all its
details, but because he approved of its great prin-
ciples, which were to reduce and to equalize the
taxation of the country. If no member would vote
for it until a bill were found unexceptionable in all
its details, they would remain without such a meas-
ure to the end of time. He had participated suffi-
ciently in the affairs of this great republic to have
reached the conclusion, that if a thing could not be
got exactly as it was desired, it was best to take it
as-it was. If the vote were to be taken now, he
should vote for the bill; because he would have the
supreme satisfaction of doing away one of the most
67
odious measures with which the country was ever
oppressed—he meant the tariff-of '42. Refer the
lull! For what purpose? he again asked. So far
from gaining time, as Senators on the other side
seemed to imagine, it would be the reverse. They
would have a minority report to satisfy one por-
tion of the community, and a majority report to
satisfy another; so that all the time consumed by
the reference, and all the labors of the committee,
would be lost. He had heard with regret some of
the remarks which fell from his friend from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Niles,] to whose opinions he always
listened with the most profound respect. He seem-
ed to think that the measure now pending was not
calculated to lighten the burdens of the country.
He (Mr. B.) thought he knew something of south-
ern Democracy, and that he was not altogether un-
acquainted with northern Democracy. If the north-
ern Democracy was to be maintained—to be kept
alive only by that system of unjust exaction under
which the South had so long labored, then he saw
an irreconcilable difference between southern and
northern Democracy. Allusion had been made to
the great State from which the presiding officer of
that body came—allusion had been made to Penn-
sylvania. He had only to say, that no one part
of the Union was to be looked at, exclusive of all
the other portions of the country. The system of
taxation was to be an equitable one, operating
equally on all classes of tax-payers. But he would
not go into the discussion of the principles of the
bill. The object of reference and delay could only
be to aflbid gentlemen an opportunity of drawing
their robes around them before they fell. But if
they were to fall, let them fall at once, and die with
all the decency they could, without subjecting the
bill to this unnecessary delay, only for a little time
to protract their fate.
Mr. SIMMONS was in favor of the reference.
The bill had been modified since the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury. It demanded exami-
nation by the committee. Time would be saved
by that course. It was not proposed by the other
sido to take up the bill before Monday—why not
allow the committee to examine the bill in the
meantime ?
Mr. BAGBY asked if the committee would re-
port unanimously in favor of the bill, would it
change the gentleman's opinions?
Mr SIMMONS replied that if the committee
could report that the bill would raise twenty-eight
millions of revenue, his opinions would be changed.
He had voted for the members of that committee
because he had confidence in their judgment. j
Mr. BAG B V. Would their report change your j
vote ? ,
Mr. SIMMONS. Oh ' then I should like to go i
into the details. i
Mr. ALLEN again addressed the Senate. He j
regretted to have heard the observations of his |
friend from Connecticut, [Mr. Niles. J It seemed ;
to him (Mr. A.\ that the only question was, wheth-
er the proposed law was better tlian that now in '■
existence? Nothing could be more monstrously }
unjust than the bill of 1842. If superseded by the j
bill now before them, a great public benefit would i
be conferred, and the new law would be subject i
to revision, if revision were, required. Independ- I
ent of the manifest injustice of the act of 1842, j
there was one consideration which alone would in-
duce him to vote for its repeal. That act violated
the fundamental principles upon which the Revo-
lution turned, and upon which the financial part of
the Federal Constitution was based. In the pas-
sage of that act taxation and representation did not
go together. That act was passed under an ex-
pired census, which gave an undue preponderance
to the old States. The new census would have
given against the bill five times as great a majority
as that by which it was made a law in the House
of Representatives.
Here there were general cries of " Question,
question;" and the yeas and nays having been
taken, resulted as follows:
PEAS—Messrs. Archer, Bairow, Cilley, Thomas Clay-
ton, John M. Clayton, Curwin, Crittenden, Davis, Evans,
Huntington, Jarna'gin, Johnson of Maryland. Johnson of
Louisiana, Mangum, Morehead, Niles, Pearee, Phelps, Sim-
mons, Sturgeon, Upham, and Woodbridge—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Bagby, Ben-
ton, Breese, Bright, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Colquitt,
Dickinson, Fairfield, Hannegan, Houston, Lewis,MeDufne,
Pennybackcr, Rusk, Semple, Sevier, Turney, Westcott, and
Yulee—94.
[Mr. Greene, though present, did not vote, hav-
ing agreed to pair off with Mr. Atherton, who
was necessarily absent.]
The question recurring upon the motion by Mr.
SEVIER, that the bill under consideration be made
the special order for Monday next, and every day
thereafter until disposed of, it was decided m the
affirmative.
Mr. ATCHISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the further consideration of the bill for
the relief of Bent, St. Vrain, Co., had been
postponed until to-morrow; which motion was
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and, by unanimous consent, was
read a third time and passed.
Mr. BREESE moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the special order—the bill for
the graduation and reduction of the price of the
public lands.
Mr. LEWIS moved that three hundred addi-
tional copies of the House " bill to reduce the
duties on imports, and for other purposes," he
printed for the use of the Senate; which motion
was agreed to.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON inquired of the chair-
I man, or any other gentleman of the Military Com-
j mittee, when it was proposed to consider the reso-
■ lution tendering the thanks of Congress to General
; Taylor, his officers and men, introduced several
| weeks since, ant) referred to said committee. He.
(Mr. C.) did not suppose there would be the least
objection to the passage of the resolution.
! 'Mr. HOUSTON replied that he had promptly
\ reported the resolution back from the committee,
i and had only waited for a proper time to call the
attention of the Senate thereto. With the assent
of that body, he would move that the resolution
be then taken up and considered.
The PRESIDENT signed the bill retroceding
the county of Alexandria, in the District of Colum-
bia, to the State of Virginia—said bill having been
reported back from the House of Representatives
with the signature of the Speaker affixed.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. BREESE pressing his motion to proceed
to the consideration of the special order, the ques-
tion was taken and decided m the affirmative.
So the Senate resumed, as in committee of the
whole, the consideration of the bill to reduce and
graduate the price of the public lands.
Mr. CALHOUN submitted the following amend-
ment, of which he heretofore gave notice:
Strike out all of the original bill after the enact-
ing clause, and insert the following:
That all public lands which shall have been offered for
sale ten years or more on the fii&t day of March, eighteen
hundred and forty-seven, shall thereafter ho subject to entry
at one dollar per "acre, untiJ the first day of March, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty; all tlien remaining unsold
shall be subject to entry at seventy-five cents per acrc until
the first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
three ; and" all then remaining unsold shall be subject to en-
try at fifty cents per acre until the first day of March, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-six; when they shall he
subject to entry at twenty-five cents per acre until the first
day of March, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine;
when all that then remain unsold shall be ceded to the States
within which they respectively lie.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all public lands
which, after the first day of March, one thousand eight hun-
dred and forty-seven, shall have been offered for sale ten
years or more on the first day of March, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty, shall then he subject to graduation, entry,
and cession, in like manner and at like periods of three
years; and that all public lands which shall have been offer-
ed for sale ten years or more at the next succeeding period,
or any subsequent one, shall be subject in like manner to
graduation, entry, and cession, at hke periods of three years
as they consecutively occur: Provided, That no one person,
under the provisions of this act, shall be authorized to
purchase more than one section at the two lowest rates of
fifty and twenty-five cents per acre.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That upon every reduc-
tion in the prices of said lands which shall take place by the
graduating process of thi* act, the occupants or settlers:
