1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
States, under the provisions of this act, shall be required
fir.*! to make affidavit befoie the register or receiver of the
proper land office that he or she enters the same for his or
her own use, for the purposes of actual settlement and cul-
tivation by and for him or herself, or for the use of an adja-
cent farm or plantation owned and occupied by him or her-
self; and that, together with said entry, he of she has not
acquired from the United State*, under the provisions of
this act, more than three hundred and twenty acres of land,
according to the public surveys thereof; and if any person
taking such oath, by affidavit, shall swear falsely in the
premises, he or she shall be subject to all the pains and -pen-
alties of perjury: Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall be construed to prevent any person from entering or
purchasing the lands of the United States at the price of one
dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, as now authorized and
provided bylaw: Jh\ d provided, alio, That the quantitv of
land which the President of the United States shall hereafter
proclaim and offer for sale in any one vear shall not exceed
five millions of acres. This act shall take efleet six months
from and after its passage.
The bill having been read through, was taken up
by sections.
Mr. BIGGS moved to strike out the following
words:
" And all of the lands of the United States which shall have
been in market at the pissage of tins act, or any time there-
after, tor any period of thirty or more than thirty vears, and
still remaining unsold, shall bo. and the same are hereby,
ceded and forever absolutely vested in the States respectively
in which they lie."
Mr. BO WTjIN said he rose to submit a few re-
marks upon the merits of this bill, and the princi-
ples involved in it; as he regarded it one of the most
* important measures for the West that had or could
engage the attention of this House. As a matter of
policy, the West was deeply interested in it, as it
tended to bring her waste lands into market and
useful occupation. As a matter of principle, its
sound doctrines addressed themselves to the whole
Union, and demanded from us such action as was
best calculated to promote the ends of free govern-
ment. The public lands were a trust fund in our
hands for the benefit of the people—not to be held
up by prohibitory, nor squandered by corrupt le-
gislation; but to be so disposed of, as would secure
to them the greatest benefits—whether that was
in promoting correct, principles, increasing the rev-
enue, or in advancing the general prosperity of the
country.
Land being the true basis of nil individual and
national prosperity, its disposition, and the tenure
by which it is held, has in every age of the world,
and in every civilized nation, engaged the most ar-
dent attention of the statesman. There is no subject
in the whole range of political science, that so nearly
and directly interests the great body of the people,
as that of the right of soil. Its disposition is not
only a question of mere utility—that changes with
the passing hour—but it is one involving great and
important principles, upon which may hang the
fate of man and governments. So intimately iden-
tified-is it with the forms and systems of govern-
ment, and the political rights and privileges of men,
that we are frequently enabled to read the history
of a nation, either for weal or for wo, for glory or
shame, in the mere regulations of her land systems.
That government, no matter by what name it may
be called, whose lands are scattered amongst the
great body of her people, and are left unfettered by
law, to pass in their natural coursc, from genera-
tion to generation, preserving and perpetuating an
independent yeomanry, must forever enjoy a high
state of political freedom. Whilst such a system
is preserved, there is no focus around which to
rally political power to oppress. The rays of
power are scattered, and can only be concentrated
over the ruin3 of the system itself. Upon the con-
trary, that government which adopts a system,
and pursues a policy, tending to concentrate its soil
in the hands of a few, to the detriment of the many,
fettering its free passage from man to man, no mat-
ter what name it may bear, its ultimate destiny is
the destruction of every vestige of equality and lib-
erty. It is the inevitable destiny of nations to be
controlled by the proprietors of the soil, and the
government is free or despotic, just in proportion
to the number of its rulers, or participants in po-
litical privileges. If you wish to preserve and per-
petuate its democratic form, you must pursue a
policy tending to disseminate the lands amongst
the largest possible number of the people of the
State. Hence the great principle that lies at the
foundation of any system for the disposition of the
public lands we may see proper to adopt.
In the origin of society, land, like the other ele-
ments, was free to the common en joyment of all.
But land being capable of individual appropriation,
soon became the subject of proprietorship-—at first
temporary, subsequently permanent. Under the
influence of such a system, nothing but the purest
principles of democratic equality could have exist-
ed. But it was doomed not to last. The ingenu-
ity of man soon dissipated that system of equality
by striking at the first cause—the equal enjoyment
of the soil, the only permanent foundation of all
wealth, and its consequence—power. From that
day to this, the land systems of every country have
stamped their impress upon their institutions for
good or for evil—for the advancement or suppres-
sion of free principles. History is filled with ex-
amples in illustration of this fact.
Rome, in the earlier and purer days of the Re-
public, adhered to the policy of making as many
of her citizcns landholders as was compatible with
justice; and, to that end, had laws for the division
of conquered lands among the soldiers who had
won them by the prowess of their arms. The most
of her citizcns being at times soldiers, in that mar-
tial age, the natural tendency of this policy was to
make almost every citizen a land proprietor. This
system continued while public and pnvate virtue
guided the counsels of the Republic, and only fell
into disuse when corruption began to stalk broad-
cast through the land. And it is a remarkable fact,
that while no Senator had the temerity to propose
the repeal of this equitable law, all could unite in
fostering abuses of it for the aggrandizement of
their own wealth and power, until it fell into utter
neglect. They dared not repeal the law; they let
it stand upon the (statute-books to amuse the peo
pie, while they cheated them out of all its benefits.
They commenced their encroachments by degrees,
insidiously at first, openly at la«;t. They com-
menced appropriating to their own order a portion
of these lands; but, becoming bolder by the suc-
cess of their usurpation, they finally took the whole
for their share, and the citizen-soldier who won
them got nothing. The natural effect of this was
to increase the wealth and power of their order,
and weaken the opposing force of the peonle. So
successful had this system of barefaced plundering
become, thai, for more than half a century prior to
the appearance upon the public stage of Tiberius
and Cams Gracchus, there was not an in^ianee of
the law being executed. Tt had wholly fallen into
disuse—had become a dead letter upon the statute-
book; and the lusher orders alone were recognised
as the legitimate plunderers of the public lands.
When Tiberius Gracchus came into power, with
a laudable zeal for the public good he undertook
to restore this old neglected law* which had been
overshadowed by corruption. The nobles took
the alarm; and, seeing its just execution would
tear from them their fraudulently-acquired proper-
ty, sought a resource in endeavoring to blacken
his reputation, and applied to him the epithet of
agrarian. A direct proposition to take from them
usurped property, and return it to its legitimate
owners, they called dividing out people's property.
The conflict between Tiberius, backed by the peo-
ple, and the Senators, backed by the participants in
the frauds, was fierce and vindictive, until they
found a solace for all their fears in the hands of an
assassin. He fell; and his brother, taking warn-
ing from his fate, trusted to his own good sword,
in the hands of a faithful servant, to avert a simi-
lar destiny. Thus perished the Gracchi; and with
them perished the last hope of popular liberty in
Rome. The triumph of fraud was complete. The
practical cffect to the system of government was
changed; the political power had departed with
the lands, from an independent and virtuous yeo-
manry to a bloated and corrupt aristocracy, who
maintained by force what they had acquired by
fraud; and perpetuated as a term of reproach the
title they conferred upon the defenders of the peo-
ple's rights to render them odious in the eyes of
the world. Shallow-pated historians have been
duped by the schemc, and interested monarchical
writers Iiave seized upon it, to strengthen conupt
power by holding up the title oP agrarian as some-
thing odious, something horrible. It is a term
canonized in the best blood of Rome, and meant
patriotic resistance to the corrupt usurpation of the
public property by those selected to be its guar-
dians. It is a term identified with all that is gener-
ous, noble, and patriotic. Then let not the exam-
ple be lost in teaching us how important a principle
lies at the foundation of any system with regard
to the public lands. The public land was the in-
strument here used to strike a blow—a fatal blow—
upon the liberties of the people.
The celebrated feudal system of more modern
times was but a cunningly devised scheme to rob
the great body of the people of their just and legit-
imate interest in the landed estate of the country,
and thereby build tip an aristocracy upon the
ruins of popular liberty. It was but a scheme to
perpetuate political power in the hands of the few
to the detriment of the many; to make serfs of the
people and lords of their rulers. But the mere
seizure of the land would not accomplish the ob-
ject without fettering the free transfer of the soil;
and corrupt legislation was not long wanting to
perpetuate a system established by a mixture of
fraud and force, by laws of restraint upon aliena-
tion. The laws of exempting real estate from
seizure for debt, of primogeniture, and entails,
constituted a pari of this illegitimate brood. It is
this land system that constitutes the props to up-
hold the monarchies of the Old World. Let them
"unmuzzle the ox that treadeth out the grain;"
let them take off the fetters upon transfers of soil,
and placc it upon the same footing as other prop-
erty, free to disseminate itself in small parcels
amongst the great body of the people, and it would
require no spirit of prophecy to foretell the result.
The down-trodden serfs beneath the iron heel of
power would give place to a bold, fearless, and
independent yeomanry, who would soon make the
crowns based upon illegitimate power topple
from their lofty heights. The land system of
every country stamps its impress upon and gives
character to its institutions, and as such involves a
gieat political principle.
Havingendcavored todemonstratethegreat prin-
ciples at slake upon this question, let us now turn
our attention for a moment to the policy adopted
by the European nations in colonizing this conti-
nent, and its natural and legitimate consequences;
for it is a notorious fact, attested in almost every
page of American history, that they pursued a pol-
icy diametrically opposed to the system of policy
adopted at home. The monarchs of England,
France, and Spain, "the three great colonizing
notions of Europe, donated their lands to the emi-
grants in the newly-discovered countries—the two
latter in the most liberal manner. The policy of
tins measure wns to encourage emigration and set-
tlement in the New World. The effect of it was
to inculcate ideas of independence in the great
body of the people, elevating their moral senti-
ments, and arousing their innate love of liberty,
until it resulted in stretching a line of republics
from the St. Lawrence to the Rio de la Plata.
Their day-dreams of empire in the New World all
dissolved at the tourh of the magic wand of free-
dom, inculcated and nourished in the breast of the
people by the fact that they were the free occu-
pants of their own soil, and ate the bread of their
own industry.
The early and rapid effects of this system of
making every settler a landholder, showing its in-
fluence upon their habits, manners, and opinions,
is beautifully illustrated in almost every page of
our colonial history The first generation of emi-
grants had not passed away, before its effects were
manifest. The whole character of the people had
changed, with their altered condition, before time
had changed the people themselves—one beautiful
illustration of which he would beg- leave to recur
to, from the history of Virginia. The first colony
in Virginia was planted about the year 1606; but
the settlement did not assume a permanent char-
acter until about 1G18. Shortly after this, followed
the Revolution in England, which brought the head
ofClmrlesI. to the block. The little colony, during
that long and violent struggle, knowing no other
benefactor, adhered to the Stuarts. After the fall
of the king, in 1650, when she had a population of
only twenty thousand, the Parliament fitted out a
fleet to bring the rebellious colonies to subjection.
It first sailed to the South, and the little island col-
onies and trading; posts soon bowed their necks to
the yokes of their new masters. The fleet then
sailed for Virginia, but upon entering the capes,
found themselves everywhere met with prepara-
tions for an armed resistance. The colonists were
not prepared to submit without knowing the terms
of the surrender; and then, that they were such as
comported with their notions of civil liberty. It re-
sulted in negotiations; and it is a curious fact, that
in the very first article of the treaty, they make
their invaders agree to repudiate the idea of sub-
mission, and make them regard them in terms "as
equal treating with equal," and aver it " a volun-
