1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
tary act, not forced or constrained." In that tieaty,
Virginia made them recognise her general assem-
bly, and their sole right to impose taxes—a gen-
eral amnesty for past political oiFences—her ancient
boundaries—the validity of their land-patents—the
land premium to emigrants—freedom of trade—
her exemption from charges on account of the ex-
pedition—and, lastly, that "no castles should be
erected, or garrisons maintained,''' without the con-
gent of the assembly. If this was subjugation, it
was a glorious subjugation for the colony, securing
her every blessing of civil government at home,
wlulcshe preserved the British Government merely
as a protector against foreign aggression. This
was what a little band of brave, daring, and fear-
less men, free occupants of their own soil, were
able to achieve against the power of the British
empire, at that time everywhere victorious. In
contemplating such results, we are naturally led to
inquire for the cause. They were British subjects,
chieily born in England, but they were removed
from her fettered land system, to a clime in which
they inhaled the spirit of liberty in every breeze,
and felt a glorious independence in the competence
that their own rich soil yielded to enterprise and
industry. They had ceased to be tenants, and
were lords of the soil.
Having endeavored to show the principles in-
volved in this question, and the effect of a liberal
system upon the moral,physical, and political man,
let us now turn our attention to our own system,
and see what is likely to be its effect if rigidly ad-
hered to. And he could tell gentlemen in advance,
who fancied a kind of veneration for the system,
that this bill did not contemplate either its radical
change or destruction, but merely to give such a
direction to its operations as would ultimately de-
stroy the relation of landlord and tenant between
this Government and the States, and place the new
States upon the elevated platform of equality guar-
antied by the Constitution. That any policy we
may see proper to adopt ought to look to a period
when that relation should cease to exist, he pre-
sumed no gentleman would deny; and yet it re-
quired but little foresight to perceive that the pres-
ent system, rigidly adhered to, would necessarily
render it perpetual. Are there no evils in this re-
lation, which, as statesmen, we are bound to fer-
ret out and remedy? What are its effects upon
this Government—upon the free, sovereign, and
independent States—av, and e\en upon the legis-
lation of this Hall? Ita natural and direct ten-
dency is, to make this Confederacy a parchment
sovereignty—the creature of the States—arrogant
in her pride of power; while the States, with ori-
ginial sovereignty—the pillars that support this
mighty fabric—are reduced to the condition of sup-
pliants to a benefactor. How do gentlemen of the
State-rights school relish this picture? Yet it is
true to the life; and they nil must see it, feel it, and
know it. The humiliating spectacle is daily pre-
sented to our view of sovereign States begging of
this great landlord pittances of their own sacred
soil, which almost an imperative necessity requires
they should have the control of. A striking illus-
tration of this is to be found in a bill upon your
table, providing for draining the swamp lands 111
southern Missouri and northern Arkansas. As
this case presents an apt picture of the workings
of the system, and its frequent deleterious opera-
tion upon the prosperity of the States, he would
beg leave to invite the particular attention of the
House to it. In the southern part of Missouri,
and borne distance back from the Mississippi river,
commence a line of swamps, produced by the cho-
king up of rivers and outlets, and running south
nearly parallel with the Mississippi, extending a
considerable distance into Arkansas. Between the
swamps and the river, extending along down, is a
beautiful section of high rolling country, settled
and improved to a very high state. Immediately
west of this line of swamps are the uplands again,
with a considerable population. This section of
the State, on both sides of the great swamp, is
beautifully diversified with hill and dale, well wa-
tered, and a fine climate, being about the tempera-
ture of southern Virginia. Its valleys are rich,
and in many cases its hills abound with mineral.
The land in these swamps would be one of the
richest valleys of land of the same extent in the
world, if it was only reclaimed. In the surveys of
the country, it is returned worthless. The sur-
veyors, not being able to penetrate it through the
slimy waters, returned it as valueless; and so it
remains, and so it is destined ever to remain, in the
hands of this Government. The amount of land
thus covered with water in Missouri is something
like a half million of acres; but stretching along in
a line casts its baleful influence over millions of
acres on each side of it. There it lies stretched
out—a long black line of corruption, disease, and
death, occupying territory that ought to be yieldr
mg up a rich harvest, and yet it cannot be touched.
Why? Because this Government owns it, and
clings to it with the miser-grasp of a rich landlord, to
whom it is utterly useless, and who will neither im-
prove it nor let it go. In the meantime, what is the
condition of the people in that section of the State?
The outlines have been sketched; every gentle-
man's fancy can fill up the picture.
The State, always anxious for the health, happi-
ness, and prosperity of all her citizens, has again
and again brought this matter to the attention of
Congress. She has invited you to drain them and
reclaim as a prize the rich and beautiful valley they
cover. The response is, that it is an improvement
of too local a character for this Government to en-
gage in. She then invites you, if you will not use
them, to abandon them to her; she will reclaim
them, and bring health and prosperity to the sur-
rounding country, and a rich valley into cultiva-
tion, adding to the general wealth of the Republic.
Even that has been so far refused. It is true a
committee of this House has worked up its gene-
rosity so far as to report a bill, giving the State
one half of what they reclaim. That is, if the
State can, at her own expense, manufacture some-
thing out of nothing, we are willing to share the
profits. Well, even that is better than nothing.
As you see the State will be compelled to do the
woik at some time for the preservation of the
health of her citizens, your consciences will only
allow you to take from her half of her generous
and humane labor. But he trusted the House
would be more generous than the committee, and
he intended to try them when the bill came up for
consideration. She ought to have all that she re-
claimed upon every principle of justice, right, and
common honesty. This is but a striking illustra-
tion of the effect of your policy under the present
system upon the States; you retard improvement,
check population, and consign whole sections to
disease and .death, simply because, like the dxjg
in the manger, you will neither eat the hay nor
let the ox eat it. You will neither reclaim the
country, nor suffer others to do it and enjoy the
fruits of their labor.
Sir, it is a familiar spectaclc in this Hall to see
the States, through their Representatives, like
sturdy mendicants at the footstool of power, ask-
ing appropriations of pittances of their own lands
for some public purpose. They come forward
with their tabular statements, exhibiting the amount
that each one has been enabled to seeure by the
same process, as a warrant for their claim—upon
the principle tlmt favors granted were to be gradu-
ated to a specific standard amongst the appliccants.
Does this humiliating spectacle present the rela-
tion that ought to continue to exist between the
free sovereign States of this Confederacy, and
the Confederacy itself? Are gentlemen prepared
to adhere to the workings of a system which is
destined to give perpetuity to this condition of
things ? If not, the remedy is at hand—not by
a radical and sudden change of the system, right-
ing ourselves by injustice to others; but by a slow,
regular process, looking through the vista of time
to the period when a relation working injury to
both should have a happy termination. This is
all the people of the new States desire; it is all
they ask; and the immutable principles of justice
would not allow them to demand less. They seek
not to take the land, which is the joint product of
all; they ask not to deprive you of your interest
in it; but only that it shall not be held up in masses,
at a price beyond its value, blighting their pros-
perity and their hopes of future aggrandizement.
Another evil of the system upon the new States,
for which this bill 13 not an immediate, but only
an ultimate remedy, is the constant and eternal
drain of money from these States in payment for
their lands. This is a drain which nothing but the
indomitable and unconquerable energies of the pio-
neer could withstand. He was well aware that the
bill afforded no immediate remedy for this, but
rather aggravated it for the time, as he would show
when he came to examine it as a revenue measure;
but it did look to a termination of it—to a period
when it would cease—and the new States could
husband their resources, and employ them in ad-
vancing their own prosperity. They, preferred a
sudden attack and return to health, to a lingering"
and interminable disease. Though the drain upon
their resources would be greater, it would be of
shorter duration; when the lands in the hands of
individual proprietors would contribute to the re-
sources of the State, and the general wealth of the
nation..
Having briefly reviewed, he said, the evils of
the present system, he should now proceed to the
investigation of the general character of the bill,
and test it by the soundest principles of justice. It
is, then, but an act of sheer justice to sell those
lands for their intrinsic worth—-justice to the pur-
chaser, who pays his money; justice to the State
in which they lie, as she is deeply interested in
their occupation and cultivation. To fix a-stand-
ard price upon all the lands of a country, regard-
less of the variety of the character of the soilr
varying from very rich to poor, is unjust to the
purchaser and grossly unjust to the State interested
m their settlement. It is to establish a kind of
bed of Procrustes, to which everything must be
forced to conform, regardless of the incongruity.
Such a doctrine is absurd, if it is intended for any
other purpose than retarding the growth and pros-
perity of the country. There is nothing in which
a greater variety exists than in the qualities of the
soil of any large extent of country. And to put
the poor lands at the standard price of the rich, isc
in effect to reserve them from market. But sup-
pose, against every reasonable hypothesis, they
could be sold, is it just in this Government, like a
monopolizing speculator, to prey upon the neces-
sities of its citizens, and force from them more than
it is worth ?
In the next place, it is the tendency of this bill
to foster and encourage emigration and settlement
in the new States, and consequently their growing
wealth and prosperity. Is it the policy of this
Government to keep obstacles in the way of that
advancement? Is it just to retard them in their
onward march to greatness and to glory? We
ask no special privileges—we ask to be exempt
from no general burdens—we ask no special favors
to aid us in our inarch; we only ask that you place
no obstacle in our way—that you leave our action
free; and the enterprise, energy, and industry of
the same people who subdue forests in their march,
and make the wilderness to yield abundant har-
vests, will make the country prosper. The rich
soil, the magnificent rivers, the mild and genial
climate of the great West, all contribute to invite
emigration amongst us, and that policy would be
suicidal that would obstruct or retard it. The
West needs population to develop its great re-
sources; and it will be one of the blessings of this
great measure that it will contribute to its increase,
without impairing the best interests of other por-
tions of the Confederacy. Then he would ask if it
was not the grossest injustice to adhere to a system,
the direct tendency of which was to check emigra-
tion and settlement in the new States ? Was it not
suicidal to the best interests of the country ?-
But the new States have another interest at
stake, which appeals strongly to the magnanimity
of this Government in behalf of this measure; and
that is an interest which almost as deeply concerns
the whole Confederacy as the new States—and
that was, their interest in bringing these lands into
general occupancy and cultivation, so that they
might yield a revenue in support of the Govern-
ment. Under the present system the public lands
are not taxed; and the States in which they lie, and
from the labor of whose citizens they derive value,
can exact no revenue from them. In the hands of
individuals they would be taxable, and liable to
be made, like other lands, tributary to the support
and improvement of the State. Missouri, one of
the richest States in the Union, contains about
forty-three millions of acres, less than one-fourth of
which has been sold, and upon which taxes are
raised for the support of the whole Government.
Those that have been sold have to some extent
been culled, which lessens the chances of the sale
of the balance, while a rule is continued upon us
by which all must come up to the standard max-
imum of the best; and a half century may elapse
before another fourth shall, by becoming individ-
ual property, and productive, be tie subject of
taxation for the support of the State. This bill, he
was perfectly aware, did not afford an immediate
