1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1061
remedy for all this; but it held out the bright hope
of an ultimate remedy, by putting the lands in
market at a fair value. Was there anything in this
that militated against the sternest principles of jus-
tice? Did not, on the contrary, equal and exact
justice imperatively demand the measure ? That
the soil of a State, the true representative of its
.wealth, ought to contribute to its support, is a sound
political maxim, which .no statesman would con-
_ trovert. And yet, sir, it was not the fact when
applied to the new States of this Confederacy. A
very small portion of their soil contributes to the
support of their governments. This was radicall y
wrong; and it was a wrong likely to continue,
unless relief was found in the just and equitable
principle of reduction and graduation.
Having presented the policy and the justice of
this measure, he would now proceed briefly to ex-
amine the objections usually taken to it, and en-
deavor to expose their fallacy.
In the first place, then, it has been objected to as
a revenue measure, upon the ground that the rev-
enue arising from the public lands would fall short
under the operation of this bill. In answer to this
objection, he might content himself by referring to
the very able report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury at the opening of Congress, where the very
reverse is triumphantly maintained. He recom-
mends the reduction of the price of public lands to
actual settlers, as a measure by which " the public
interests would be promoted and the revenue atio--
tnented." And again,in alate able communication
of his, in answer to the Senate resolutions in rela-
tion to the finances, he uses the following emphatic
language upon the subject of the public lands:
" It is believed, also, that the reduction and graduation of
the price of the public lands in favor of settler*, and cultiva-
tors, as recommended in your message of December last
would make an annual addition of half a million of dollars
to the revenue derivable from the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands, by bunging into market many millions of
acres of the public domain which are wholly unsaleable at
the present minimum prire established by Jaw."
A half a million of additional revenue derivable
from this source; and no mail who lias taken the
trouble to investigate the subject, will doubt the
legitimacy of his conclusions.
It is but a fair calculation that what you reduce
in price, would be so much more augmented by in-
creased sales, that the land revenue, instead of be-
ing reduced by the operation of this system, would
in reality be enlarged. The best evidence that the
land is held too high, is the limited demand, and
that is an evil not likely to decrease, but rather to
increase under the present system. For as the
lands become more culled, there will be less demand
at this standard unvarying price. The whole sales
for the last year were less than 2,000,000 of acres,
while the amount in market is 133,000,000 of acres,
and 109,000,000 more ready to be brought into
market, and some 700,000,000 more to operate
upon for the future. Taking the sales of last year
as the criterion for the future, and how long will it
take to dispose of the lands already in market?
Sixty-six years; and adding in the other lands to
which the Indian title is already extinguished, (be-
ing 109,000,000 moie, at the same rate of sales,) it
would take one hundred and twenty years. And
the sales of last year are above an annual average.
In the mean time the population is doubling about
every twenty-five years. The sales do not increase
with the population, which is the creation of a
natural and legitimate demand; but vary with the
value of money, being greater to-day and less to-
morrow, as money is plenty or scarce; demonstra-
ting that it is the price that constitutes the check
upon the purchase. In the last ten years the popu-
lation has increased 40 per cent., whilst the land
sales within the same period have been constantly
decreasing. What is the cause of this, if it is not
in the exorbitant price? And what is the remedy >
Remove the evil, reduce the price, and the increased
sales will more than compensate for the reduction,
and increase the actual revenue. No man can
doubt this fact who has taken an impartial survey
of the past. The population increasing with un-
exampled rapidity, and the land sales decreasing
during the same period, must demonstrate to the
most skeptical that the proportionate number of
land proprietors is daily decreasing in the country.
This would be incomprehensible in a country
which, by a regular proccss of sales, could scarce-
ly dispose of her public lands in three centuries to
occupants and cultivators, but for the restraining
policy of the present system, which, if it does not
amount to a prohibition, certainly forms a great
check upon sales; and every check upon sales must
diminish the revenue arising from that source.
Open the door to this army of non-proprietors
who have been accumulating for fifty" years, by
offering to make them free, independent proprie-
tors of the soil, at a price within their means to
command, and it requires no spirit of prophecy to
foretell the result. They would rush in millions
from their dependent condition as tenants, purchase
your lands, swell your revenues from that source,
subdue the forests in their march, make the wilder-
ness blossom as the rose, and, as free cultivators
of their own soil, would spread wealth, happiness,
and prosperity around them. From your abun-
dance that may lie useless for centuries, tell the
hardy citizen, whose energies are palsied by pov-
erty, whose sinews are taxed to their utmost ten-
sion to secure bread and meat for his family, that
forty dollars would buy him a plantation in the
rich soil of the "West that would pour forth abun-
dance as the reward of his industry, and he would
acquire it, pour it into your treasury, and secure
to himself an independent, prosperous, and happy
home. Such, he believed, would be the happy
workings of the system of reduction, even upon
the revenue.
Mr. ItEID inquired if the Slate of Missouri had
sold her fivo hundred thousand acres grant, which
she received under the distribution law, for a price
less than $1 25 per acre.
Mr. BOWLIN replied that she had done better
with it than sell it. She had, by a solemn act of
her convention, donated it to the use of public
schools. She had consigned it to the noble and
generous purpose of educating her youth.
Mr. YINTON interposed and said, under the
law granting it, she could not sell it for less than
the Government sold her lands.
Mr. COLLAMER corrected him, by informing
him that the restriction was to one dollar and a
quarter per acre specifically.
Mr. MeCLERNAND also made some remarks
explanatory of that act, which were not caught by
the reporter.
Mr. BOWLIN proceeded. Another objection
deeply felt, if not openly urged against the system
of cheapening the public lands, was its tendency
to draw off the population from the older States.
That, such would be the inevitable tendency he
would not attempt to controvert; but that its effects
would be injurious to the national interest, he
boldly denied. Whatever had a tendency to de-
velop the resources of a nation, and give that direc-
tion to industry and enterprise which was at once
most profitable and most elevating in its nature,
was a national blessing and no evil. And it was
the duty of Congress, in its legislation, not to look
to the interest of particular sections, but to the
whole Confederacy. Government was interested
in the productive industry of the country; and as
individual enterprise, left free and unshackled from :
legislative restraints, is the best method of promo- I
ting it, we should leave it to its own career for its '
full development, unembarrassed by restrictions. [
Land should not be kept up to restrain emigration
to the new States, and we do not ask that they should
be reduced solely to promote it; for in either ease
the legislation would be partial in its character.
But we do ask and demand, in the name of com-
mon justice, that it should be graduated in such a {
manner as to make the price bear some relative :
proportion to the value of the land. This much !
we liave a right to demand, as consonant to every |
principle of public policy and public justice. A I
partial evil is no argument against a measure look- '■
mg to a general good. Population might be drawn j
off from some of the old States by cheapening ]
lands m the new; yet the country was benefited I
by a change which directed their labors to a more I
productive soil, and gave a market for the lands, i
The emigrant himself was benefited by a change
which elevated his condition from that of a tenant
to that of the proud proprietor of the land his toil
beautified and adorned. The new States were I
benefited by the change which gave them popula-
tion, biought their unproductive lands into cultiva-
tion, and, while they added to the general wealth
of the State, were made to contribute to its sup-
port. The manufacturing interests were interest-
ed in the change that opened new and extensive
markets for their products. Commerce was in-
terested in the change, as it tended to increase the
productions upon which it relied for support. A
policy whose tendency was to scatter such wide-
spread blessings in its march, should not be check-
ed or abandoned on account of some temporary or
partial inconvenience.
Upon the subject of political power, the older
States of the Confederacy had nothing to dread
from the increasing strength of the West, but much
to encourage hope for the future. If the people of
the West had no stronger tie than interest to bind
them to the East in a common destiny, that of it-
self were sufficient. The West, in all time to come,
must be the great producer of this nation; the East
holds the key to that commerce which must give
value to those productions; and this renders each
dependent on the other, and forms a bond of union
more indissoluble in its character than parchment
compacts. It is the peculiar position of the great
valley of the West, her capacity for containing an
immense population, the fertility of her soil, the
agricultural character of her people, and the neces-
sity of preserving a free intercourse with the seat
of commerce on the Atlantic, that gives the highest
hope of the perpetuity of this glorious Confederacy.
It is to the West, the agricultural West, her com-
munity of independent farmers, who eat the bread
of their own industry, that the eye of the states-
man must turn with prophetic hope for the patri-
otic race who are destined to preserve the principles
of democratic liberty. The very pursuit of such
a people is congenial to patriotism; and the Re-
public could not be intrusted to safer keeping.
!! Linked to the soil by the strongest attachments of
| interest, of early associations, of fixed habits, and
| above all by the cherished remembrance of the
i spot of their birth, their patriotic affections natu-
| rally cluster around those institutions which pre-
I serve freedom to a home endeared by so many ties.
Then it is no evil to any portion that
u The star of empire westward holds it way
but a blessing that you have a country freed from
the rorruptions of your crowded cities, where the
sentiments of unostentatious virtue and patriotism
are inculcated in their original simplicity and beau-
ty, and where devotion to country is no idle cere-
mony. If, then, this objection be true, as doubt-
less it is, then it is a glorious truth, that flashes
light in the path of the patriot, as he traces the fu-
ture destiny of his country on her march to great-
ness and to glory.
But if the tendency of population and political
power towards the West were really evils, it would
be a rashness, bordering on madness, in the states-
man to attempt to resist them. It would be war-
ring against a fixed destiny. The wave of popu-
lation that passed the barriers of the Alleghany, a
half century ago, is still rolling on, the pioneers of
an enlightened civilization, and will continue to roll
while they have a wilderness to penetrate and a
country to beautify and adorn by their industry.
The only barrier to their advance is the Pacific.
To attempt to check it by restrictive policy would
he as idle as it was in Canute to command the
waves. Their destiny is onward—their enterprise
will make that destiny brilliant.
But if it were even possible, it is no part of the
duty of this Government to throw restraints
around one portion of its citizens to preserve by
force an apparent prosperity to another portion.
Its legislation should be general and free from all
bias and partiality, regardless of the effect that
the enterprise of any portion should give to its ac-
tion. If it is just and sound policy to reduce and
graduate the price of the public lands, it ought to
be done, though the people of the West might
make it a lever to elevate them to unexampled
prosperity. If, as the Secretary of the Treasury
supposes, in his estimates, it will enhance the reve-
nue a half million of dollars from this source, now,
when the country is engaged in a war, and needs
all the. money it can justly command, is the ap-
propriate time to accomplish the act. Give the
people lands at a fair price, graduate them accord-
ing to the true value, receive their money, and by
one single great stroke of public policy, enrich
your treasury, elevate your citizens, and increase
the general wealth of the country, by inviting its
improvement and cultivation.
And we must not shut our eyes to the fact that
the people have decided this question at the ballot-
box, in elevating to the presidency our present
Chief Magistrate. It was one of the great issues
in the contest of 1844, and stood contradistin-
guished to the Whig scheme of distribution. The
people decided in favor of reduction and gradua-
