1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1063
object of this G-overnraent4 in the disposition of
the public domain, should not be revenue alone;
that should only be a secondary consideration.
It was unbecoming the dignity of a great nation,
and a free people, to make dollars and cents alone
the governing principle in the disposition of that
which the' Almighty created free for the use of
man." The Government ought to fix the price of
her lands at such a sum as would barely cover the
cost of the land and the expense of surveying and
selling the same. Mr. S. said some gentlemen
from the old States seemed to look upon the reduc-
tion of the pricc as a gratuity to the new States,
and exclusively for their benefit. This was not
the fact. Reducing the price would more especi-
ally benefit those emigrating from the old States
and settling in the new. The most important ad-
vantage or benefit to the new States would be, that
when the price of the lands was reduced to their
real value they would sell rapidly, and the States
would derive a revenue by taxing them, with the
improvements that would fee made thereon. Mr. S.
said it was contrary to the spirit and genius of our
Government, our Constihition, and laws, for the
Federal Government to hold lands in a sovereign
and independent State, except such as the Consti-
tution specially provided for. The fact of the
Government being the mammoth landholder in
many of the sovereign States of this Union, and
exercising the rights of landlord over the freemen
who sustain the Government and give it vitality, is
what the framers of our Constitution never intend-
ed or dreamed of, and while this state of things
existed no State could be sovereign and independ-
ent. He trusted, Uiereforo, that all who were
favorable to the maintenance of the sovereignty,
freedom, and independence of the States, would
aid m relieving the new States as speedily as pos-
sible from this odious vassalage to the Federal
Government. Mr. S. said, when a similar bill was
befoie the House at the last session Nome gentle-
men from the old States contended that $1 25 per
acre was cheap enough for any land fit for eultiva- i
tion; and the drift of their arguments went to show |
that it would be of little or no avail for the Gov- j
ernment to try to fix a less price to benefit those I
who could not pay $1 25 per acre. This course of ;
reasoning showed conclusively to his mind that ;
those gentlemen were not acquainted with thcprac- j
tical operation of the present laws regulating the ;
sale of the public lands in the new States. Mr. i
S. said he concurred most heartily in the argument
urged by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, Judge Shields, in his very able'report to the
two Houses of Congress at the commencement of
this session, in favor of graduation and reduction,
and he would read from this report:
" But few subjects of equal importance have been more
earnestly pressed upon the conniaerutitfo of Congress than
this, and none have hitherto been less successful. The re-
commendations of the Executive, concurred in on several
occasions by the Senate, thy resolutions of Louisiana es, the
petitions of the people?, and the advocacy of the first talents
of the nation, have failed, us yet, to obtain the introduction
of a system by which the public lands might be rated ac-
cording to quality, and sold according to value. Among
those who feel the unequal opeiation of the present system,
and with whom the question i* not merely a speculative
one, the repeated failures of this favorite project have been
the cause of deep mortification and disappointment; and
they have been ready at times to charge its opponents, not
with the want of practical information on the subject, hut
with secret hostility to the growth and prosperity of the new
States. This suspicion is ill founded ; but, unfortunately, it
has sunk deep in the minds of the people of that region, and j
if not removed in time, may >et lead it) a sj>tem ofrepi is.U j
both discreditable and injurious* to the character of the
whole country. The present is a propitious time to termi-
nate the agitation of this question; and with tins view,I
recommend the e&tabhahment of such a graduation system
as will satisfy the reasonable demands of those States in t
which the public lands are situated, without doina; the :
slightest injustice to any other section of the country. T
avwme that the primary object of every enlightened system
of policv relating to the public lands is occupation and settle-
ment, and that revenue is only to be regarded as a second-
ary and subordinate object. Indeed, a liberal policy would
only seek sufficient revenue from this source to indemnify
the Government for all outlays and expenditures incurred
in relation to it. To facilitate settlement, it is necessary to
reduce the price of public land to such an extent as tobiing
its acquisition within the limited mean* of the great bodv of
first settlers. This consideration is wholly disregarded at
present. The average maximum price of the best quality
of public lands has "been found bv experience to be only
SI 27 per acrc ; while the minimum price of the worst
quality is #1 25 per acre. This looks somewhat absurd,
even in theory; but in practice it is not only absurd, but is
radically unjust. .
« When a district of land is proclaimed at public sale, non-
resident capitalists can select all the valuable land* in such
district not previously secured by pre-emption, and purchase
the same at an avei aee of $1 27 per acre; while subsequent
settlers are compelled to purchase inferior lands at $1 So per
acre, or give an exorbitant price to these capitalists and spec
ulators. It is idle to talk about competition in such a case.
There is, in fact, no com petition, except amongst speculators,
and they are always sagacious enough to arrange the extent
of it beforehand. It has been estimated that about an aver-
age of one-tenth of the public domain is unsaleable, being
composed of swamps, marshes, mountains, and other lands
of a very inferior quality. The residue, or saleable lands,
I)
[It was now near three o'clock.]
At the request of Mr. McCOjN'NELL, Mr. S.
having yielded the floor,
Mr. McC. spoke for a few minutes in advocacy
of his substitute proposing to grant to every man,
. maid, or widow, being the head of a family, one
« -   - a ■ i hundred and sixtv acres of land. lie considered.
may he divided, according to quality, into hve classes As i nunur y Jmnni-inni'p thf 
27 is the average maximum price of the best quality of iS this question one of at mighty importance to ine
lands, it rau^t be admitted that $1 25 per acre will be asuffi- j! rights and interests of the laboring, industrious,
dent minimum price for lands of the first ela«s ; $-1 for the ,j Dro(lucin^ classes of the community.'' The unoc-
second; 75 cents for the third; 50 cent- for the fourth; and j J . , , * , • confederated States and Terri-
25 cents for lands of the fifth class. This will do away with ;: cupied land in our eonteaerateu ©ww  turn
the incongruity of holding lands of every kind and quality ' tones, he wished to convince the committee,
subject to «ale at the same minimum rate. The private own- ;j belonged substantially to the laboring industrious
er of a particular commodity, who should act upon the prin- j! Bv the valor "and industry of our western
ciple of the present public land system, would be regarded jj l . * J , , , enhrhipd the
as impolitic; and surely such poiicv i« no less objection- j; pioneers, who had gone foi ward, subdued me
able in the Government, which is not so much an absolute land, and met and conquered tne Indian norues,
owner as a trus-tee of the public lands for the public. I have ,j tm(j brought them into treaty arrangements, it had
already stated that the Government, in the < xerciw of an . b aetlUired, and OUt of its ample domain, he
enlightened spirit of hherahtv, should be satisfied within- ■ ULCIi <"uuiicu, uut I
demnifieation for all expanses meuired in relation to the ■' proposed to gi\e to each of them a homestead,
public lands. The «<-lteme here recommended must, in He mged the measure as one of justice and sound
.•very po«.«ible event, do more than indemnify the Oovern- jj policy calculated to develop the resources, advance
nnnt. The estimate of the whole excuse of purchasing the interesl of tjie country, and promote its popu-
! Htion, and their wealth, education, industry, and
; happiness.
Mr. STEPHENS resumed the floor, and yield-
; ed to
Mr. SAWYER, who moved an amendment as
' a substitute for the bill, being the bill of the Sen-
ate, with certain modifications.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, also gave notice
j of the following amendment:
I ..hoi be it further enacted, That upon the reduction in the
! pn^e of the public lands, as herein before provided for, the
occupants or settlers upon any of said lands shall have the
' riifbt of pre-emption at such graduated prices, which right
shall extend to a period of two years from and after the
' dates at winch the lopective graduations shall take place ;
1 and any land* not entered by the respective occupants or
i settler-* wtfhm thai period shall be liable to be entered or
' purchased bv fmv otlmr peison: Provided. That nothing in
! this aei contained shall be constiued to interfere with any
! right which has accrued, or may acciuc, by virtue of any
j act granting pre-emptions to actual settlers upon the public
| tamK
On motion of Mr. STEPHENS, the committee
then rose and reported.
THF. ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. ITOGE osked leave to introduce the follow-
ing resolution, with a view of asking its considera-
tion to-nioirow morning:
i Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
I the t'nit&l Sl.des of Jhnerica hi ihn^ress assembled, That the
1 President of the Senate mid Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives do adjourn their respective Houses on Monday,
I the 07th day of July instant, nt twelve o'clock, meridian.
Objections being made.
' Mr. HOG-E moved a suspension oftlie rules,and
! asked the ven« nnd nays: whieh were ordered.
Mr. W1NTHROP said that as the motion to
suspend the rules would come up as the first busi-
i nesa to-morrow morning, he would move that the
: House adjourn. There could be no test vote
taken whilst the benches were so empty.
On the suggestion of the Speaker, Mr. Win-
' tiirop waived his motion, to allow certain Senate
bills on the Speaker's table to be taken up and re-
ferred.
Mr. McKAY, by leave, from the Committee of
Vnys and Means, reported a bill to authorize an
issue of treasury notes and a loan; read twice, and
referred to the "Committee of the Whole on the
tato of the Union.
Mr. McKAY, by leave, from the Committee of
Ways and Menns, also reported "A bill making
territory from foreign nation:-, exUn iiisiinip the Indian Till
and suiveytnjr and selhmj the pul>he domain, i-4 an average
of 23 eentf per acre. By taking the data already given, nnd
by allowing nlo*s of 93 rrnM jvr acre on one-l'mtb, being
the whole of the unsaleable lands, ihe n" idtu*,or nmc-trnfh^,
will amount nt th« <e uradaated rate* to an n vet age of67J
ccnls per aeie; thus leaving an excess of 4!.' e>mN pei acre,
to meet all possible contingencies. These calculations arc
based upon reliable daia; not evu't, it i-* ttne, in a mathe-
matical KCnse, but accurate in a general and practical sense.
*******
"This will constitute a species of sliding <ile which
will gh'an and clear out districts, and give the new Stale-,
within a reasonable tunc, the control of the lands within
their limits. Objections may. perhaps b«  made to the quan-
tity oflmul which this process of clarification will ve-t at
once in «ome particular States It will vest acres in
Ohio; neies m Indiana : 1 ncr.** in Illinois;
'3.307acres in M^soun ; KI-Hi.kt^ .i« m « m Mi^i--ippi:
1,1 ll,fi«"> acres m Louisiana; 4..">!()>!):> in-re* in Alubaina ;
and aeies in Michigan. 1 can obviate these antici-
pated objection* by stating that, a-Tmding to our e^tnnme?-,
onlv a compatativclj ini-onstdeiable poniou of tbi* large
ma*s of land i* either sah-able or valuable; and that it
hkelv to continue a soun-e of <-\pense mthei than prolit to
the f.overnment, r-(  long a-« fup« nor Innd-i can be obtain* d
at the same rute'hv going westward. It i* imuortbv a lib-
eral spin! to eavd about the value of Mich land*. What
though a small quantitr of valuable, antonsM a niavs of
woithh'H* land, be transferred to a lew p:itocular States ' l*
the (Joverument to continue it* ptevent m;u hineiv over all
the pond*, bikes. s \auip*. marshes, moimtain . and preci-
pn <•«, in the new State-, lest, if relinquished now ,
they niav pereluuiee include, here and theic, a valuable
trac't of laml, w hu-h has happened to e^e.ipe the vicilariee
of jmiehasers ami speeulatois foi twent\-hvc \ < at'-! On the
cotiti.uy, it is the dntv of (Jovcrnment to relinquish these
Inmls nt once. Tbi* is* the onlv way in which it can indem-
nify these States lor the irmunice already done them by
withholding their lands so long from settlement. !t will be
the policy of the States, in instances, even to give
bounties to settlers to drain swamp* and marshes, and re-
elnim'banen wastes, ut order to render the hind-' salubrious
nnd capable of contributing to the support of the local gov-
ernments. The interference of Federal officers irt the inter-
nal affairs ot State* hhould be prevented a- much as jw>*m
hie, by withdrawing the machinery of the public land system
from each Stale in suece.s*ion as soon as practicable. This
maclunerv eveiciscs an influence at this tune over ten
States ami two Territories, and it will continue to do so
Hu over, unlchs there is a chature of policy."'
"" Mr. S. waul, if there ever was a time when u
measure of this kind should pass, this was the ap-
We were now enira^ccl in a war,
propnate time
and he contended that we needed revenue; and if h
SS aXK i - «  .•..> «?■. 
would be paid into the treasury. It was the poli-
ev of the Government to make eioiy man a land- ,. T .
holder. lie would then feel more interest in the it v K'
defence of the eountry. He would have a real |i
interest to defend. lie would feel thnt the Govern-!| "
mont which wate.hod over and snarded his ristl.to, ! appropriations for the support of the volunteers
.v , -1 Wrx'uw in thr hnttV field d unci other troops authorized to he employed m the
W SlXid Mrh SO l « n vri ' of 0 land, j prosecution of the war with Mexico, daring the
in most of the new Statps 1ms been <riven to them cnd> B 1847-," wh.eh waS read
bv Ihe toil, the privations, nnd the blood of the uuce an^ commit e(*-
  * •. •« — : ...t, ^ /; .,r.  4 .un il\/f ►- t\* a tt171vt a .
hardy and patriotie pioneers who first settled the j
western eountry: and it was due to them and their J
descendants to pass the bill graduating and redu- j
cms; the price of these lands. j
Mr. S. introduced some statistical tables and i
facts in relation to the sales of lands in several of |
the new States, and the. amount of money paid into !
the treasury, which were not furnished the report-
er. He also cited the opinions of General Jackson
and Mr. Van Btireu, as expressed in their mes-
sages to Congress, in favor of graduation and
reduction.
- [Cries of " Question," " question."]
Mr. STEPHEN'S wished to submit some re-
marks, but was not prepared to go on to-night.
He therefore moved that the committee rise.
Mr. KAUFMAN, on leave given, offered the
following resolution; which was adopted:
Unsolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a port of entry at the Saline Pass in the
State of Texas.
Mr. B. MARTIN, by leave, from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office arid Post Roads, reported the
following joint resolution:
Resolved try the Senate and Home of Representatives of
the United Statei of America in Congress assembled, That
the Postmaster General be, and he is authorized and direct-
ed to cause the accounts of M. A. Price and E. A. White, of
the Stare of Tennessee, for mail transportation, tobeaudited
and settled; and to pay to the &aid Pnce and White, out of
the fund appropriated for mail transportation, the same rate
of compensation from the first day of January to the first
