1064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
day of February, 1837, as was allowed arid paid them fiom
the first of June to the 31st of December, 1837.
Read twice and committed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States:
To the House of Representative*:
I herewith tiaminit a report from the Secretary of State,
together with ''copies of the correspondence, in the year
1^41 between the President of the United States mid the
Governor of New York, relative to the appearanee of Joshua
A. Spencer, i^q., district attorney of the United States, in
thecouito of the State ofNew York, as counsel for Alexan-
der MoLeod," called for by the resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 10th of Apnl, 1846.
Washington, July2d, 18-16. JAMES K. POLK.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 7, 1846-
Mr. DAVIS presented petitions of a vast num-
ber of the citizens of Boston, Massachusetts, deal-
ers in wine, asking that the duties on that article
may be made specific; which were laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. YULEE presented additional papers in re-
lation to the claim of Isabella Stout; winch were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CILLEY presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying the adoption of all con-
stitutional measures for abolishing- slavery in the
United States; the motion to receive which was
laid on the table.
Mr. DAYIS presented the memorial of a large
number of apothecaries of Boston, Massachusetts,
praying that leeches may not be subject to duty;
which was laid on the table.
Mr. ATCHISON presented two petitions of
citizens of Missouri, praying the establishment of
a mail route from Tully to Lancaster, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented me-
morials from Philip R. J. Freese, Cragin & Cleve-
land, and Cragin, Cleveland, & Co., Sliaw, Pater-
son, & Co., A. &G. A. Kendall, Almy, Blake, &
Co., Jordon & Stoddard, Whiton & Marsh, Kim-
bell, Jewett,& Co., Freeman, Cobb, & Co., (three
petitions,) Thomas P. Cushing, Thomas P. Crush-
ing & Co., Lambert & Slade, and Lambert, Slade,
& Co., George Home& Co., (four petition#,) John
Williams & Co., Joseph Lill, James Reud, and
Chace & Grew, mercantile houses, asking that
certain duties alleged to have been illegally exact-
ed, may be refunded; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing1:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate cause
to be printed, for the use of the Senate, three hun-
dred copies of the map of the coast survey.
Mr. JARNAGIN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to transmit to the Senate all correspond-
ence between the Navy Department and Captain
E. A. F. Lavelette, while he was stationed at
Memphis, Tennessee, with the reasons for trans-
ferring him from that place; and that the Secretary
also furnish a copy of all letters and instructions
from the Navy Department to Mr. Warford, and
all other persons employed in the navy-yard at
Memphis, and also all letters from them to the
Navy Department.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back the bill to increase the pay
of the rank and file of the army, with an amend-
ment, and recommending that it do not pass.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported, without amendment, the House
bill for the relief of William Culver.
Mr. CASS, from the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, reported, without amendment, the bill for
the relief of Thomas ap Catesby Jones.
_Mr. JOHN M. CLAYTON, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back, without amend-
ment, the bill for the relief of the heirs of Robert
Fulton.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the relief of Milledge
Calphin, legal representative of George Galphin,
deceased; accompanied by a report in writing;
which was read, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, also, from the same committee,
reported, with amendments, the bill to provide for
the distribution of the edition of the laws and trea-
ties of the United States, published by Little &
Brown, under the provisions of the resolution of
Congress approved 3d March, 1845, and for other
purposes. . ,
Mr. PENNYBACKER, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back to the Senate the House bill
for the relief of Samuel D. Enochs, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
THE EXPLOHHSfG EXPEDITION.
Mr. PEARCE asked and obtained leave to in-
troduce a joint resolution supplementary to a joint
resolution of the 20th February, 1845, in relation
to distributing the works of the Exploring Expe-
dition; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. P. explained the object of the joint resolu-
tion, and hoped that there would be no objection
to its immediate passage
The joint resolution was then read a third time,
and passed.
j PAY OF VOLUNTEERS GENERAL GAINES.
Mr. BENTON moved that the prior orders of
the day he postponed, and that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the joint resolution, (from
the House,) to refund to the States and individuals
the sums of money advanced by them to raise and
equip volunteers under the calls by Generals Tay-
lor and Gaines; which motion was agreed to.
The joint resolution was considered as in com-
mittee of the whole, and, having been read,
Mr. WESTCOTT moved that the proviso—
which provides that nothing contained in the joint
resolution shall be considered as a sanction of the
calls by General Gaines for troops, without the
orders of the President—be stricken out; which
motion was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, the
amendment was,concurred in, and the joint reso-
lution as amended was,
On motion of Mr. BENTON, read 's third' time,
and passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported without amendment the
(House) bill for the relief of Dr. John Gray, de-
ceased.
THANKS OF CONGRESS TO GEN. TAYLOR.
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON, the Senate took
up for consideration the joint resolution presenting
the thanks of Congress to General Taylor, and for
other purposes; which was considered as in com-
mittee of the whole.
Several amendments weic submitted and agreed
to; and, after a discussion, occupying nearly an
hour and a half, while every one admitted the
propriety of the vote of thanks, some differences of
opinion were disclosed as to the phraseology in
which it should be conveyed, a resolution was
adopted unanimously in the following form:
JOINT RESOLUTION presenting the thanks of Congress
to Major General Taylor, his officers and men.
Resolved unanimously by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentative? of the United States of Jlmcrica in Congicsb as-
sembled, That the thanks of Congress are due, and are herehy
tendered to Major General Zachary Taylor, commanding the
anuy of occupation, his oflicers and men, f'or tiie fortitude,
skill, enterprise, and courage, winch liave distinguished the
recent brilliant operations on the Rio Grande.
Sec. y. Jlnd be it. further resolved, That Congress sincerely
sympathize with the relatives and friends of the officers
and soldier* of the army of the United States who so
hravely fell in the service of their country on the Rio
Grande.
Sec. 3. .find he it further resolved, That the President of
the United States be requested to cause the foregoing reso-
lution to be communicated to General Taylor, and through
him to the army under his command.
Sec. 4. Jind'he it further resolved, That the President of
the United States be authorized and requested to have a
medal of gold procured, with appropriate devices and in-
scriptions thereon, and presented to General Taylor, in the
name of the Republic, as a tribute to his good conduct, valor,
and generosity, to the vanquished.
The " act granting a pension to Joseph Morris,"
was read a third, time, and passed.
The " bill for the relief of Benjamin Harris, of
La Salle county, State of Illinois,''' was read a third
time, and passed.
The " bill for the relief of Henry Etting," was
read a third time, and passed..
'The " bill to allow to Elijah White additional
compensation for services, and reimbursement of
expenses incurred as acting sub-agent .west of the
Rocky Mountains," was read a. third time, and,
after some remarks by. Mr. P£A{ICE against,
and Mr, ATCHISON in defence of the bill, was
- THE PUBLIC LANDS.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, the Senate resumed,
as in committee of the whole, the consideration of
the bill for the graduation and reduction of the
price of the public lands, the question pending-
being upon the adoptitfri of an amendment submit-
ted by Mr. J. M. Clayton to the amendment sub-
mitted to said bill by Mr. Calhoun. Mr. C., it
will be remembered, presented his amendment as
a test question of the sense of the Senate in rela-
tion to the principle of ceding the public lands to
the States in which they lie.
Mr. HUNTINGTON addressed the Senate in
opposition to the bill, at some length, contending
that the effect of this bill would be to lessen the
amount of sales, and thus diminish the re-venue,
instead of increasing it. He contended also .that it
would reduce the value of real estate generally iti
all the States in which" the lands lie.
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States.]
Messrs. SIMMONS, JOHNSON of Louisiana,
and DAYTON, also spoke in opposition to the
graduation bill, and Messrs. CALHOUN and
YULEE in favor of the same.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, was about to
address the Senate, when the Senate went into Ex-
ecutive session; and, after some time spent therein,
the doors were opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 7,1846.
Mr. GILES (so soon as the House had been
called to order) rose to Inquire of the Speaker
whether it was too late to move an amendment to
the Journal of Friday last. , ,
The SPEAKER said it was too late.
[Mr. Giles wished to amend the Journal of Fri-
day in this particular: "The Committee of the
Whole on the tariff bill had recommended the fol-
lowing amendment, viz: ' That toiacco unmanufac-
tured' be taken from the twenty per cent, list, and
be placed in the thirty per cent. list.' " The House
refused to concur in this amendment; but the Clerk
had entered that the amendment was concurred in.]
The Journal of yesterday was then read.
Mr. ASHMUN rose to move a correction.
Mr. CULLOM desired to move a suspension of
the rules, to enable him to submit a motion for the
printing of an extra number of copies of the report
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs in relation
to the Mexican war.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not now
in order. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Asiimcn] would state his amendment.
Mr. ASHMUN said that the motion submitted
by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. McGacghey]
was not stated on the Journal. It was stated simply
that the gentleman made a certain motion. The
Clerk had given a brief abstract of the substance of
the proposition; but the proposition itself was not
on the Journal. It would not, therefore, appeal'
what the motion which the Speaker decided to be
out of order was. He moved that the Journal be
amended by inserting it.
The SPEAKER directed the Clerk again to read
the portion of the Journal referred to.
Which having been read,
The SPEAKER said: The Chair understands
the gentleman as moving to insert the amendment
itself on the Journal.
Mr. ASHMUN. Yes; to insert the motion
made by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Mc-
Gaughey.]
Mr. GENTRY inquired whether it was not
usual, in making up the Journal, to spread at full
length upon it any proposition taken by yeas and
nays ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
usual to spread on the Journal an amendment such
as that offered by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
McGaughey,] for the reasons which the Chair sta-
ted yesterday, and for the additional reasons which
