1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1005
the Chair will now state. All nullities, or errors
perpetrated on the part ftf the House, through error
on the part of the Clerk, had never been consider-
ed as journalizing matter. And the Chair would
call attention to.two cases which had occurred at
the present session. ' On the engrossment of the
bill making appropriations for the payment of In-
dian annuities, when that bill was under consider-
ation, the Clerk omitted one of the amendments,
and the House went on and ordered the bill to a
third reading. After that had been done, a gentle-
man from Tennessee called the attention of the
Chair to the fact that one of the amendments had
been omitted. The Chair stated that the proceed-
ing would be regarded as a nullity, and that it
would not appear on the Journal. And it did not.
At another time during this session, when the
bill in relation to fishing bounties was under con-
sideration, the Chair was precisely in the same
condition in which it found itself on Friday last.
The Chair gave" the -casting vote. It was after-
Wards ascertained that the Chair had no right to
vote. The whole proceeding was a nullity, and
did not appear on the Journal. In neither or these
cases—both of which were in point, and the latter
especially so—did any gentleman x-ise and move an
amendment of the Journal.
On these considerations, and looking to the prac-
tice of the House, the Chair had yesterday decided
that the amendment could not. be entertained. An
appeal had been taken from the decision. The mo-
tion had been put, and the decision of the Chair
had been sustained.
Mr. GENTRY said, it seemed to him that the
reasoning of the Chair would apply forcibly, and
probably conclusively, to the original matter about
which it was proposed to amend the Journal, that
being of itself a nullity. It did not, however, ap-
ply to the motion submitted yesterday by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. McGAUGHEy.1 The
amendment was an actual proceeding of the House.
It was ruled out of order. An appeal was tuken
from the decision. These were all parts of the
proceedings of the House.
The SFEi*
iAKER. Yesterdav rooming ihe Chair
ruled the amendment out of order, and that it could
not appear on the Journal. The object of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] appear* to
be, to spread unon the Journal that which the
House, by its decision, refused to admit. The
Chair means that the Journal cannot be so amended.
Mr. Gr. S. HOUSTON inquired whether there
was not a case precisely in point, in the notable
protest of a portion of the members of the 28th
Congress at its organization ? And whether the
House did not, in tha*t case, solemnly decide, that
the protest should not go on the Journals of the
House ?
Mr. GENTRY admitted the fact, but said he
believed it was then held, that the proceeding was
a violation of the long-established practice of the
House.
After a brief conversation, in which Messrs. Or.
S. HOUSTON, ASHMUN, and GENTRY, par-
ticipated,
Mr. ASHMUN appealed from the decision of
the Chair,
The question on the appeal was taken, and the
House sustained the decision of the Chair.
So the amendment was not entertained.
And then the Journal was approved.
the adjournment of congress.
When the House adjourned last evening, a mo-
tion had been made by Mr. Hoge to suspend the
rules, for the purpose of enabling him" to offer a
joint resolution providing for the final adjournment
of Congress on Monday, the 27th day of July; on
which motion the yeas and nays had been or-
dered,
Mr. HOGE now modified his resolution, so as to
substitute Monday, the 3d day of August, for Mon-
day, the 27th day of July.
And the question, "Shall the rules be suspend-
ed?" was taken, and decided in the affirmative,
(two-thirds voting therefor,) as follows:
yeas—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Barringer, Benton,
James Black, Brinkerholi', Brodhead, Milton Brown, Wm.
G. Brown, Buffington, John H. Campbell, Cathcan, John G.
Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Cocke, Coliamer, Oianston, Cro-
zier, Darragh, Garrett Davis Delano, De Mott, Dillingham,
Dickson, Dunlap, Erdman, J. H. Ewing, Edwin H. Ewing,
Picklin, Foot, Foster, Gentry, Giddings, Giles, Goodyear,
Gordon, Graham, Grider, Grinneil, Grover, Hamlin, Hamp-
ton, Harper, Heniey, Billiard, Hoge, Hudson, Hungertord,
W. Hunt, J. B. Hunt, J. R. IngcrbulJ, Jenkins, James H.
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Daniel P.King, Preston King,
Leib, Lewis, Long, McClelland, McClernand, Joseph 3.
McDowell, McGaughey, McHenry, Morris, MobcIcv, Moul-
ton, Niven, Noma, Perry, Pollock, Relfe, Bitter, Julius
Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Sawtelle, Scamraon,
Leonard H. Sims, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Thomas
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Stevens, Stewart,
St. John, Strohm, Sykes, Thibodeaiix, James Thompson,
Tiiden, Toombs, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, Williams, and
Winthrop—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bedinger,
Biggs, Jamea A. Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Burt, Augustas A.
Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chipman, Cobb, Cullom,
Daniel, Dargan, Dobbin, Dromgoole, Fries, Harmanson,
Hopkins, George S. Houston, Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoil,
Joseph Johnson, George W. Jones, Leake, Lumpkin, Ma-
clny, James McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Barkley
Martin, Morse, Owen, Payne, Phelps, Rathbun, Real,
Rhett, Simpson, Stanton, Strong, Jacob Thompson, Tib-
butts, Trcdway, Wick, Woodward, and Yancey—48.
And the resolution being; thus before the House,
Mr. HOGE and Mr. BRODHEAD demanded
the previous question.
Mr, MARTIN, of Kentucky, and Mr. STEW-
ART, desired the demand to be withdrawn, that
they might offer amendments.
The demand, not having been withdrawn, was
seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Mr. ROBERTS moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. HOGE and Mr. BRODHEAD asked the
yeas and nays on that motion, which were order-
ed; and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Menpra. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bedinger,
Biggs, James A. Black, Bowlm, Boyd, Broekenbrongh, Burt,
John G. Chapman, Augustus A. Clmpnmn, Reuben Chap-
man, Chipmnn, Cobb, Collin. Cuilom, Daniel, Dargan,
Jefferson Davis, Dobbin, Dromgoole, Haralson, Hopkins,
George S. Houston. Edmund W. Hubnrd, Hunter, Joseph R.
Jngersoll, Jonepli Johnnon, Andrew Johnson, Gi'nrge W.
Jones, Leake, i.a Here, Lumpkin, Macfav, MeConneff,
McCrate, James McDowell, McKay, John 1\ Martin, Rark-
ley Martin, Morse, Owen, Payne. Phelps Rathbun, Rrjd,
Illicit, Roberts, Sawtelle, Leonard II. Suns, Simpson, Stan-
ton, fltrontf, Sykes, Jacob Thompson, Tredway, Wick,
Woodward, and Yancey—f>9.
NAYS—Messis. Abbott, Arnold, Ashmun, Barrincer,
Benton, Jas. Black, BnnkerholT, Brodhead, Milton Brown,
William G. Brown, Buliington, John H. Campbell, Cath-
enrt, Chase, Clarke, Cooke, Coliamer, Crunxton, Croswr,
Cunningham, Darragh, Garrett Davis, Delano, De Mott,
Dillingham, Dixon, Doekery, Dunlap, Ellsworth, Krdman,
John If. Rvnnu, I'M win If. Dwtne, Fariui, Foot. Foster,
Fries, Gentry, Gidding**, Giles Coodvear, Cordon, Craham,
(Jrider, Giimtell, Grover, Hamlin. Hampton, Harper. Hen-
ley, Hoge, ftlia* J3. dolmen, Hudson, llnmrerfnrd, Well-
ington Hunt, James tt Hunt. Charier J In£er*<>M, Jenkins
James H. Johnson, Daniel P. King, Preston King, Leib, Long,
McClelland, MeUlernand, J. J, McDowell, McGaughey,
McHenry, Miller, Morris, Moaelcy, Moulton, Niven, Norm,
Banish, Perry, Pollock, Relfe, Ritter, Julius Rockwell, John
A. Rockwell, Root, Sawyer, Scammon, Sehenck, Truman
Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Ste-
phens, Stewart, St. John, Strohm. Thibodenux, James
Thompson, Tibbartu, Tiiden, Toombs, Trumbo, Vance,
Vinton, White, Williams, Winthrop, Young, and Yost—10," .
So the resolution whs not laid on the table.
And then it was adopted.
So, by this vole, the House, on its part, deter-
mined that Congress would adjourn on Monday,
the 3d day of August.
TILE GRADUATION BILL.
Mr. BOYD offered a resolution (in the usual
terms) providing that nil debate in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on the hill
j " to rcducc and graduate the price of the public
lands to actual settlers and cultivators" should ter-
minate this day at two o'clock.
Mr. TIBRA'TTS rose to move a modification as
to the time, (as the reporter understood.)
Mr. BOYD, remarking that he had not yielded
the floor, demanded the previous question on his
resolution.
Mr. GORDON and Mr. ASHMUN moved that
the resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. C. B. SMITH asked the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
And the question having been taken, the resolu-
tion was laid on ihe table.
adjournment of congress.
Mr. STEWART moved a reconsideration of
the vote by which the House had this morning
adopted a joint resolution providing for the ad-
journment of Congress on Monday, the 3d day of
August.
Mr. S. submitted this motion, lie said, with a
view, should it prevail, to move an amendment
fixing an earlier day—the 20th of July.
M7I. E. HOLMES. We will not do it.
Some conversation followed on a point of order.
Mr, STEWART remarked that he thought all
the necessary business of the country could be
transacted, if there was a disposition manifested
here and elsewhere to transact it, within the time
designated by him., He thought that the sooner
Congress adjourned and went home the better;
and he thought, also, that the longer the time for
which it adjourned the better. If Congress would
adjourn for three or four years, he thought it
would be far the advantage of the country.
Some conversation followed on a point of order.
Mr. STEWART proceeded in his remarks, re-
ferring to the tariff and other measures which had
passea the House, and declaring his object, in
moving an earlier day, to be to prevent injurious
and destructive legislation.
After some further interruptions on points of
order, &.c.,Mr. S. concluded nis remarks.
Mr. COBB said that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stewart,] in assigning the rea-
sons which had influenced him in submitting the
motion to reconsider, had assigned his (Mr. C.'s
also) with some slight variation; and he trusted
that these reasons would be duly considered by a
portion of his political friends, and would induce
them to reverse their decision, to reconsider the
vote on the adoption of the resolution, and to lay
the resolution on the table. The object avowed by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, he (Mr. C.) had
no doubt met with a hearty response, as the gen-
tleman himself had said, by those of his political
friends who surrounded him, and who had smiled
approbation on the reasons he had given for the
reconsideration. If the object of those who had
supported the resolution was, in common with that
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to defeat one
of the great measures adopted by the House, and
now awaiting the decision of the Senate, let them
pass a resolution to adjourn on the 27th of July,
or on the 3d of August, and bring this session to a
speedy close. If, on the contrary,it was the sin-
cere wish and intention of a majority here to see
the measures which had received the unequivocal
approbation of a majority pass and become laws,
then it was their duty to go with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania so tar as the reconsideration of
this vote was concerned, and then to lay the reso-
lution on the table, and to allow sufficient time for
the action not only of the House, but of the Sen-
ate, on the various groat measures now pending
before them. When that action had been had—
when the measures to which the Democratic party
were devoted and pledged to the country—(which
pledges, so far as this House was concerned, had
been redeemed)—should have received the nction
of the Senate, for weal or for wo, it was immate-
rial—it would then be time to determine on the
proper period for an adjournment. He appealed
to the friends of these measures. Could his voice
be heard by the friends of the sub-treasury bill,
which had passed this House by a decided majo-
rity, and which now slept at the other end of the
Capitol ? Could the fnends of the tariff bill he
appealed to with success? Could the friends of
the graduation bill be so appealed to> Could the
friends of these three great measures now pend-
ing—when thegentlemnn from Pennsylvania avow-
ed his object to be to defeat them—could the friends
of these measures, Mr. C. asked, unite with that
gentleman and his political friends in the adoption
of legislation by which the inc\itable defeat of
these measures was to be brought about? And
that, too, when these motives were publicly avowed
and given to the country as the reasons for an
early adjournment? Were gentlemen in earnest?
Did they intend faithfully to carry out these meas-
ures to which they had pledged their support?
Were they trifling with the country ? Were they
trifling with the wishes of their constituents ? Did
they intend to deludeand deceive them by the pas-
sage of bills here, and then defeating the successful
action of Congress upon them by adopting a reso-
lution of early adjournment, for the purpose, ex-
press and implied, by some, to defeat these bills ?
He could not believe it. He would not believe it
until the final vote had been taken on the reconsid-
eration, and a majority of this House had, by their
votes, demonstrated their intention to stand by the
side of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
But if in order, he would go one step further,
and refer to details. How stood the business be-
fore the Senate? There was the tariff bill. There
was the sub-treasury bill. There was the ware-
housing bill; the public land bill; the civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill; and all the other appro-
