10fi6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
Eriation bills of the session. As yet no action had
een taken on these measures on the part of that
body. How long a time would be consumed in
their consideration? Look back to the pievious
action of the Senate on measures of this charactcr?
Give them two weeks for the tariff; and then there
were the sub-treasury and the other great measures.
It was impossible that the business could be dis-
posed of within the time contemplated; and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania had spoken the sol-
emn truth—the adoption of the resolution would
destroy and defeat these measures in the other
branch of Congress which had received the favor-
able action of this. He appealed earnestly to his
friends, therefoic—not to this side of the House,
(Mr. C. standing on the Whig side as he spoke,)
for he knew that they were honestly and bona jide
carrying out the feelings which had actuated them
in relation to these measures from the commence-
ment of the session—but he appealed to those who
were friendly to the causc which he espoused to
carry through in good faith the pledges they had
given to their constituents, to fulfil the wishes of
the people, and not to effect their inevitable defeat
by the adoption of this resolution. Were his
friends afraid to go before the country upon a vote
against an early adjournment? He trusted not.
If necessary, let them go before the people with
the Journal of the House in their hands. Let them
read over the yeas and nays on every day's ad-
journment, and let the people see, if necessary, by
whom this delay had been brought about. Let
them see who it was that had voted on each suc-
cessive day for an early adjournment during the
session—at two—at three—at four o'clock.
Mr. GENTRY was here understood to inquire
■whether the gentleman intended to convey the idea
that a minority had adjourned the House.
Mr. COBB. No, sir, no; it is not necessary to
convey the idea that a minority has adjourned the
House. But I will tell the country what minorilies
have done. And those who are acquainted with
the rules which govern this body, know what the
power in the hands of a minority is to throw ob-
stacles in the way of legislation. They have seized
every opportunity during this session to exercise
the power which is always vested in the minority.
Mr. C. here went into some statements respect-
ing daily motions to adjourn, <fec., which gave
rise to some controversial explanations, in which
Messrs. J. R. Inghhsoll, Vinton, Tibbatts,
Wintiirop, and Toombs, participated.
He concluded by saying, that no member was
more desirous to leave Washington city than be
was. But he had voted against fixing a day of ad-
journment, and he should continue to vote so until
the reasons assigned by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania should cease to operate. When they had
ceased to have any force—when it was no longer
desired to defeat these great measures, which this
Congress had assembled to carry out, in obedience
to the views of the people—he should be prepared
to aid in bringing about an adjournment at the ear-
liest moment. Till then he should vote to remain
here.
Mr. HOGE inquired whether it would be in
order to move to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider -11
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. HOGE submitted that motion.
Mr. RHETT inquired as to the effect of that
vote.
The SPEAKER replied, that if the motion to
reconsider was laid on the table, the resolution
would stand passed.
Mr. HENLEY asked Mr. Hoge to withdraw
his motion.
Mr. HOGE declined.
Some conversation followed on a point of order
between Mr. DROMGOOLE and the SPEAKER.
Mr. HENLEY said it was his intention to
change his vote on this subject, and for this rea-
son he asked the gentleman from Illinois to with-
draw his motion in order to allow him to state the
reasons which would influence him. It was well
known to every gentleman in this House that he
(Mr. H.) had uniformly voted for the earliest day
of adjournment. He had thought no circumstan-
ces could occur which would prevent him from
agreeing to that course. But a state of things now
exists which changes my opinion, and I intend to
take a different course. I take the responsibility
.of a directly opposite course from that which "I
have always heretofore taken. I listened with
pleasure to the remarks of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Cobb:] I am glad he made them;
they have had their effect upon me, and should
have upon every individual of the majority of this
House who is willing to take the responsibility of
what he believes to be correct. When responsi-
bility is cast upon me, it is well known by those
who are acquainted with me, I assume it willingly.
I shall now assyme the responsibility of voting
against the motion to lay on the table; if that be
defeated, I shall vote to reconsider, and then [ shall
vote to postpone the question until we can see the
tariff bill safe, and all the other great questions
which this Congress is bound to carry out. I
am still for the earliest day of adjournment,
and hope we shall yet adjourn as early as the
day mentioned in that resolution; but this is
not the proper time to fix the day. It does not,
then, become gentlemen of the minority here
(whilst I respect them as high-minded, honorable
gentlemen in all their social relations, I say it) to
attempt to defeat us here, and delay our action in
the manner in which they attempt to -do in this.
The gentleman from Georgia told them the truth.
The gentlemen say they are for an early adjourn-
ment; if so, will they prevent this Congress from
doing all the proper husiness before Congress, in-
dependent of the tariff? Is it their intention to do
all the harm they can, and no good, because they
arc in the minority ?
Mr. HUNT, of New York, inquired if five weeks
was not sufficient time for the remaining business
of the session ?
Mr. HENLEY. Five weeks may be sufficient
time; and if it be sufficient time, and if that gentle-
man , and all others, will come forward and assidu-
ously discharge their duty, then we may be through
in five weeks; but if we are not through I am not
for adjourning. What has been the policy of the
minority? I have sat in my seat and witnessed
their course. I would not blame them so much
for it if they were willing to come out boldly and
take the responsibility of that course. They have
voted uniformly for every proposition (with now
and then an exception) made to adjourn early, day
by day; they have voted against calls for the pre-
vious question, for early adjournments, for yeas
and nays, and for all measures tending- to defeat
and delay business. The Journal will show it.
Gentlemen could not deny it. They have occu-
pied their seats and refused to vote, in order to
break up the committee for want of a quorum,
and have thrown obstacles in the way of the ad-
vance of business generally. He had seen them
do it: it could not be denied.
Mr. VANCE. Did the gentleman ever see the
other side do it *
Mr. HENLEY replied that he would answer
that question fairly. In the first place, if any of;
the majority had been recreant to their duty, it was |
no justification for gentlemen on the other side for 1
their course in defeating and delaying the action of j
Cong) ess. He acknowledged that some of his 1
friends had been absent from their seats at times—
and that when gentlemen of the other side were
here—for what? To do their duty to the country ?
The duty which they were sent here to do for the
country? No; they were here to prevent action,
and delay and embarrass the progress of the ma-
jority in legislation. They found no justification
for this, even if some of our friends have been ab-
sent at times from their seats: he would not justify
that; he hoped the country would look into it. He
would screen no one who was guilty.
Mr. VINTON interposed,and said the majority
of Congress was responsible to the country, and in
their hands: and he took it for granted they would
do their duty.
Mr. HENLEY knew very well there was some
truth in this—that they of the majority were re-
sponsible—and, for one, he was ready to assume
that responsibility, and to act upon it.
Mr. McCLERNAND appealed to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Henxey,] and to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Hoge,] (from whom he
had received the floor,) to withdraw the motion to
lay on the table, and adopt that of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] to postpone'the reso-
lution to some future day. He had no disposition,
and he was sure his colleague had no disposition,
to jeopard the passage of the tariff, or any of the
great measures before Congress; and he therefore
preferred to retain the decision of the question
within their own hands. At the same time, as
early as the progress of th£ public business would
allow, he was ready to fix a day to adjoiirn.
Some conversation took place, in whicfr Messrs.
GRIDER, HOUSTON of Alabama, GENTRY,
KING of Massachusetts, and SCHENCK, parti-
cipated. '
Mr. HENLEY, in conclusion, addressed him-
self to the democratic party, (for it was sometimes
necessary to speak in a party sense). Was there
any Democrat (he asked) who stood more strong-
ly pledged to an early adjournmeiit of Congress
than he? Yet, with cheerfulness, with pleasure,
he now came forward'and voted to postpone action
upon it, because he believed it for the good of-the
country, and for the greater security of those im-
portant measures of reform to which the Democrat-
ic party were pledged, and which had been carried
out to so great an extent by this House.
Mr. JOSEPH J. McDOWELL inquired if this
resolution would be operative until the Senate
adopted it? He was willing to let them take the
responsibility; the House had discharged theirs.
Mr. HENLEY replied in the negative to the
inquiry. But did not the gentleman know that if
they sent this resolution to the Senate, and they
could by hook or by crook succeed in getting it
adopted, theyjhaving no previous question, no par-
liamentary rules which enabled the majority so
certainly to command the business of the body,
the opposition might succeed in defeating action
upon the tariff, and Upon the other great measures
of the session? The little minority in this House
actually embarrassed business, and defeated the at-
tempts of the majority to press it along; but there
they were nearly equal. Yes; exactly equal on
the tariff question; and did not tHe gentleman from
Ohio know, if this resolution was adopted* by pro-
longed debate, by calls of yeas and nays, by mo-
tions to.adjourn, and by other means of delay,
they could stave off action until the day of adjourn-
ment came* And then this bill would be defeat-
ed; and if it was defeated, would not those in this
House who voted for the resolution to adjourn,
be in some measure responsible?
In conclusion, he renewed the motion to lay on
the table.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON appealed to Mr. H. to
withdraw his motion, in order that the .demand
for the previous question might be seconded, and
then,the subject be postponed.
Mr. HENLEY waived the motion at the re-
quest of
Mr. McICAY, who said he would not waste the
time of the House by repeating the arguments
which had been pressed with so much force by the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] and the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Henley.] There were
one or two other considerations, however, which
he wished to bring to the notice of the House,
which he thought would have some weight in the
decision of this question by this House. We met
here on the 1st December last. What then was
the condition of the country ? Were there not va-
rious grave and important questions presented for
the action of Congress, not only touching the do-
mestic policy of the country, but also our foreign
relations? You had the annexation of T^xas to
complete. You have had a controversy existing
between the United States and Great Britain for
the last thirty years respecting the territory on the
northwest coast of America. By the deliberations
of Congress, in conjunction with the action of the
Executive, (no matter who is entitled to the credit
of it; if the Whigs have had some agency in bring-
ing it about,) that long-pending controversy, which
was" just about disturbing the peace of two great
nations of the earth, has fortunately been brought
to a close. A neighboring republic has been incor-
porated into the Union. It is true it has been fol-
lowed by a war.
The SPEARKER interposed, and stated that,
under the decision he had before made, he must
consider this course of remark on the part of the
gentleman irrelevant.
Mr. McKAY did not intend to violate the rules
of order. He was only referring to the subjects
which had excited the attention of Congress during
the present session—the tariff, the ware-housing
bill, and the graduation bill*, all these measures
touching the domestic policy of the country. Has
this session, in which all these important questions
have been considered, been unusually long? I
know gentlemen feel anxious about adjournment;
I am as much so as any one; I am always in my
