1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1067
seat attending to public business, and desirous, as
far as in my power, to expedite the business of the
country. On that point 1 have nothing to reproach
myself. I am prepared, and I think if the House
will act up to the requirements upon them, we can
bring this session to a close-by the 2d of August.
You can do it.
But how, let me ask gentlemen, does this session
compare with the first session of the twenty-seventh
Congress, when the Whigs were in a large major-
ity here in both branches of Congress ? Did you
bring it to a close in seven months, as you now
■wish? In eight? No. You met on the 1st De-
cember, and when -did you adjourn? The middle
of July? The 3d of August? No! With all
your wonderful zeal for economy, with all your
wonderful anxiety now to bring this session to a
close, when did you adjourn? On the 31st Au-
gust! And is this all? No; you not only con-
tinued the session nine months, but you had an
extra session, commencing the 31st May,and end-
ing some time the latter part of September. But
here gentlemen of the Whig party are raising this
clamor for the termination of the session. Some
change has come over the spirit of their dream,
and they are found now loudly clamoring that this
session must be brought to a close long before the
public business is done.
Mr. STEWART rose to withdraw his motion
to reconsider. It was not received; Mr. McKay
declining to yield the floor,
[There was great confusion in the Hall. The
Speaker rapped loudly to order, and requested Mr.
MoK. to suspend his remarks until the House
came to order. Order having; been restored in some
measure, Mr. McK. proceeded.]
Mr. ROBERTS (interposing) was understood to
inquire of Mr. McK. whether any proposition was
made by the Whigs in 1842, and the called session,
to reduce the pay of members?
Mr. McKAY replied, not that he had ever heard
of.
I have here (said Mr. McK.) a list of the dura-
tion of the several Congresses from the commence-
ment of the Government. The fifth Congress met
on the 13th November, 1797, and adjourned July
16, 1798, being in session eight months and three
days. Here, when this country was just in its in-
fancy, when its population wns small, when there
was not n great deal of legislation required, the ses-
sion of Congress wns eight months and three days
in duration. Again, at the commencement of the
. war with Great Britain, Congress met on tlio 4th
November, 1811, and it was not until July 1st that
they adjourned. This session, then, was not unu-
sually long.
But we are all anxious to adjourn. I believe we
can adjourn on the 3d of August—perhaps on the
27th of July. What I wont is, that my friends
who are anxious to bring this session to a clo.se
should retain the decision of this matter in their
own hands; and I now propose to my friend from
Indiana, in order to prevent the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stewart] from playing the
trick—he would not use this phrase, for he would
confine himself to parliamentary language—but
from practising the tactics which be had intimated
very clcarly he would do, [of withdrawing the
motion to reconsider, thus leaving the resolution
in force, and without the power of the House,] I
call on my friend from Indiana to make the mo-
tion to reconsider. We can then move to post-
pone it to this day two weeks; and if we. find,
from the progress of business before the Senate,
that all the important and necessary business be-
fore us can be accomplished, I will vote for the
resolution. But is there a single man in this
House belonging to the majority, who are respon-
sible for those great measures, who will dare,
after we have been some six or seven months pre-
paring them for final action, now to vote for an
earlier day of adjournment than will ensure their
passage by both 'Houses of Congress?
But there is another circumstance. The appro-
priation for the pay and mileage of members of
Congress is about being exhausted. I shall be
foreed to report a bill; and, for my own part, I am
inclined to take good care to practise what gentle-
men say ought to be done, I do not know how
the Committee of Ways and Means will be dispo-
sed to act, but you have it completely within your
power. You can starve out these members if you
will, who, you say, want to stay here. I am anx-
ious' to adjourn as soon as our business will allow.
I again appeal to my friend to postpone this motion
to reconsider two weeks, and then we can fairly
decide whether it is? proper or not to fix upon the
3d .of August for adjournment.
Mr. HAMLIN obtained the floor.
Mr. HENLEY rose to move to reconsider the
vote on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN declined to yield; and
The SPEAKER stated that it was not in order,
for the further reason that the very motion by Mr.
Stewart was pending.
Mr. HAMLIN had risen for the purpose of
stating the reasons which would influence him in
the vote which he should give on this subject. If
there was a single man within these walls who had
been the sincere supporter of the great Adminis-
tration measures which he believed beneficial to
the country, he trusted he might be numbered
among them. He had been a warm and devoted
supporter of the independent treasury. He had
voted for the modification of the tariff, although he
would have preferred a bill differing somewhat from
that which they had passed, and for which he did
vote. He should vote for a bill graduating the
price of our public lands, [cries of "good;"] I have
always voted for that measure,because I believe it
to be just and right to the country. That is my
position. I voted this morning for the suspension
of the rules for n. resolution fixing a day of adjourn-
ment. I shall adhere to that vote, and I will state
the reasons for it; and I do hope that gentlemen on
this side of the House will not be frightened from
their propriety by this whirlwind which has been
got up here.
What, are the reasons? Months ago we sent the
independent treasury bill to the Senate, and there
it slumbers now—I know not, and I care not, in
whose hands. I am simply stating farts, without
intending irilecfxm upon any one. We pent our
appropriation bills there—some of them months
ago. There they are slumhrrino: now We srnt
the tariff bill to them yesterday, which was passed
in this House on Friday of last week, and we are
informed that they have assigned next Monday for
its consideration. Now, I have the authority of
the honorable chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means for declaring (what I most cheerfully
concur in) that v. e can adjoin n by the 3d of August.
Postpone tins resolution two weeks, and then we
will be no nearer an adjournment than we arc
now—hardly nn hour. If the 3d of August, then,
shall afford sufficient time within which to do the
public business, (and I sincerely and honestly be-
lieve that it does,) then let us fix it, and go to work
in view of it. I say what I believe is true, and
what I regret to hiwe to say, that there has been,
on the part of this House, a remissness in coming
up like men and doing the duties for which they
were sent here. I say it of the H'mse as well as
of the Senate; and more, of this side of the House
as well as the other. I have witnessed with regret
upon every day when private bills are under con-
sideration here, there has been a disposition on this
side of the House to stave olf action. So it has
been, also, on the other side. These are facts
which no candid man here can have failed to wit-
My friend near me thinks I have voted for most f
of the early adjournments. I have voted oeea- 1
sionally for adjournments past three o'clock. I he-
lieve I state what the Journal will show to be true, :
that, saving the time when a part of my family ■
were indisposed, no man in this House has been ,;
here more promptly and more punctually than I !
have been. ;j
Now, there being sufficient time for the tnmsac
become a rule of action, or of any binding force,
until they agree to it. We shall give our opinion
merely to the Senate, that the time will be sufficient;
if their opinion is different, they can non-concur.
The course of the 27th Congress has been alluded
to by the gentleman from North Carolina. I do
not now rise to cast reproach upon that Congress,
and I have no apology for it: God forbid. But I
trust we will not split on the same rock. I instst
there was, throughout the length and breadth oi
this land, a settled conviction on the minds of out-
people that there' had been unnecessary delay and
I prolongation of the session. It is so now; it is time
! we should act, and not talk—that we should come
; to a conclusion, and definitively settle the great
1 questions for which we were brought here; and I
I am for fixing a time for the adjournment of Con-
i giess, and would fix that time which the gentle-
1 man from North Carolina says will be ample and
j sufficient.
I Mr. H. did not hear his friend from Georgia,
! [Mr. Cobb.] He never heard him without placing
i great weight in what he snvs; and not a sentiment
1 that falls from his lips but he took to be the state-
ment of an honest heart. But he would excuse
those who came to a different conclusion, backed
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, viz: that there will be ample time within
the period specified by the resolution.
After some conversation on a point of order be-
tween Messrs. STEWART, DROMGOOLE, and
the SPEAKER,
Mr. STEWART withdrew his motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. HOGE renewed the motion. He desired,
he said, to submit one or two remarks by way of
explanation. He was induced to make them in
, consequence of remarks which had fallen from
: gentlemen who bud nddrcssed the House, particu-
larly the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,]
! and the honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means. He should not go into a vin-
dication of the motives that influenced him in
' offering this resolution. He did nut think any
gentleman here was prepared to question the puri-
tv and sincerity of his motives. He had given to
the great measures which had been alluded to by
gentlemen, and which had gone to the other branch
of Conercss, his firm support. jN'o man who
occupied a seat on this floor had given a more
hearty, determined, disinterested support to the
tariff bill, the sub-treasury, and all those other
great measures which they had passed upon during
this session. Certainly, then, he was not to be made
liable, to the imputation of the motives, designs,
and intentions, to which the honorable gentleman
from Georgia alluded, and which he seemed to fix
upon those who advocated the passage of this res-
olution. Why. it was most unfortunate that that
| honorable member, in supporting Ins views, called
i upon the friends of the sub-treasury to stand firm
! by the country, ami vote down tl'iis resolution,
j aimed at the success of these great measures. It
! was a most unfortunate allusion. We passed the
! sub-treasury bill by an immense majority months
i ago, sent it to the Senate, where it lias slumbered
under the guardian enrc and management of the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Finance
—a gentleman from the South. Again and again
has that honorable chairman been called upon to
produce that measure to the body for its action.
It remained with him for months.
[A voice: " It was reported, and has been before
the Senate.'']
If repotted at all, (said Mr. H.,) it has been
within a few weeks. Repeatedly has the chairman
tion of all the remaining public business, there are !; hcen called upon to produce that bill to the Senate,
two main and particular considerations that impress [; Some reason or other has delayed it. It has slept
themselves upon my mind: first, that if the other
branch of Congress is disposed, by the spirit of
faction, to defeat the great measures of the coun-
try, upon them, and not upon us—upon that body,
arid not upon this—must rest the responsibility.
There is sufficient time. I believe we are not
bound to conclude—that we are not justified^ in
concluding—that the spirit of faction is to reign
triumphant in the other branch of Congress. 1
have the authority of my friend from North Car-
olina, that there is time by the .Id of August. Let
us then fix the time now, and work up to that
time, and all our business may be punctually and
thoroughly performed.
Again: suppose this resolution pass, and it is
sent to the other branch of Congress; it does not
there in care of the chairman of that committee
for months; and are we, who gave this measure
our support—who passed it months ago—now to
be called upon and dragooned, because, in the per-
formance of our duty, and acting upon the convic-
tions of our judgment, we offer a resolution to
terminate this session of Congress after it has
continued some eight or nine months? Sir, I am
governed in my action here, not by the responsi-
bility of Senators—not with reference to the state
of business of that body—but with reference to
my own duties as a member of this House, and
with regard to the business in this House; I dis-
charge my duty, and leave Senators to discharge
theirs. When I offered this resolution, it was
after every great and leading measure submitted
