1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JulyS,
for the action of Congress had been voted upon,
except the one which is now under consideration
in Committee of the Whole, and which I hope we
shall soon dispose of. I offered it as evidence to
the Senate of the United States, that the House of
Representatives had arrived at that stage of their
business which would justify them in fixing a time
to adjourn. Am I to be accused of an intention to
defeat those great measures which I have been
fighting for ever since I had anything to do with
politics? This is all humbug—pure humbug. If
we have a controlling majority of the Senate to
pass these measures finally, we have the controlling
power in directing the course of these measures,
and in deciding when the public business is so far
advanced as to justify them in fixing a day to ad-
journ. I am not going to assume, in advance,
that there is a factious majority of the Senate,
either of the Whig or Democratic party, who are
resolved to defeat the great business of the country.
I am going to assume no such thing. But 1 as-
sume that they stand prepared to do their duty
when the time comes. I am here to do mine; 1
have heard nothing to change my opinion; I believe
the time has come to pass a resolution to adjourn.
We have nowpassed the tariff bill; and that is the
last of the great measures we are called upon to
pass, with the exception of the land bill, and that
will be disposed of in a day or two.
There is a strong reason, which, in my opinion,
is behind the whole of this business—not the doubts
as to the success of this measure in the Senate, (for
I entertain none;) but the thing is to wait, and keep
this Congress in session, the House dependent on
the Senate, and the Senate on the arrival and de-
parture of British steamers, and the decision of the
British Parliament. If this is the course to be ta-
ken, when, in the name of common sense, I ask,
will the time ever come for the adjournment of this
Congress ? The honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means says we have done an
immensity of business here; that we have disposed
of all the grave questions submitted to the consid-
eration of Congress; that we have settled the Ore-
gon question, (God save the mark !) But the Ore-
gon question is not quite settled yet; and that is
the reason the Senate will not adjourn. [Mr. H.
here alluded to the recent treaty for the settlement
of the Oregon question, which, it was well-known,
although, perhaps, not officially, had received the
final action of this Government, and had been sent
back to the Government of Great Britain, and to
the folly of holding this Congress in session until,
by the arrival of the steamer of the 3d of August,
we should receive tile news of the final ratification
by the British Government of their own proposition,
which they had sent to us, and which toe had ac-
cepted without crossing a t or dotting an i.] This
was a very easy way of settling the Oregon ques-
tion! The Chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means says it is a question that has occupied
the attention of Congress for thirty or forty years
—from the Administration of Thomas Jefferson
down to the present time. Why, Thomas Jef-
ferson could have settled it in the same way thirty
or foity years ago ! According to this rule, there
was only one way to settle it, and that is, by giving
up everything.
The SPEAKER interposed, and stated that this
course of remark was irrelevant.
Mr. HOGE had no desire to break any of the
rules of the House. He had merely been replying
to the gentleman from Georgia and other gentle-
men, and was desirous to avoid being placed in a
false position.
In conclusion, he stated, that although his own
opinion as to the propriety of the resolution re-
mained unchanged, yet, in order to give many of
his friends who differed with him an opportunity
to vote upon the question, he moved a reconsider-
ation of the vote by which it had been adopted;
and, in compliance with the request of gentlemen
around him, on that motion he demanded the pre-
vious question.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Mr. HOGE moved to postpone the further con-
sideration of the motion until this day two weeks.
The SPEAKER said it was too late to make
that motion, the House having determined that
the main question should now be put.
Some conversation followed, in which Messrs.
TIBBATTS, LEAKE, DOUGLASS, and the
SPEAKER, participated.
Mr. GILES asked the yeas and nays on the
motion to reconsider, which were ordered, and,
being taken, resulted as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bayly, Bed-
inger, Benton, Biggs, James A. Black, Boyd, Brinkerhoff,
Brockenbrough, William G. Brown, Burt, Cathcart, Augus-
tus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipraan,
Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Cullom, Cunningham, Daniel, De
Mott, Dobbin, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Faran, Ficklin,
Fries, Haralson, Harmanson, Henley, Hoge, J sane E.
Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, George S. Houston, Edmund W.
Hubard, James B. Hunt, Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jo-
seph Johnson, George W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy,
Leake, La Sere, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClernand, McCon-
nell, McCrate, James McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin,
Barkley Mai tin, Morris, Morse, Moulton, Norris, Owen,
Parrish, Payne, Phelps, Pillsbury, Rathbun, Keid, Relfe,
Rhett, Rittcr, Roberts, SawteHe, Scammon, Leonard II.
Sims, Simeon. Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, St.
John, Strong, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Tredway, Wick,
Williams, Woodward, and Yancey—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams, Arnold,
Ashmun,Barringer, James Black, Brodhcad, Milton Brown,
Buffington, John H. Campbell, Cocke, Collamer, Cranston,
Croziei, Dan ugh, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dillingham, Dixon,
Dockery,Edsall,Ellsworth, Erdnrnn, John H.Ewing,Edwin
II. Ewinjj, Foot, Foster, Gentry, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon,
Graham. Grider, GrinnclJ, Grover, Hamlin, Hampton, Har-
por, IS. B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Hudson, Hunger ford,
Washington Hunt, Joseph R. Ingeisoll, Jenkins, James H.
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Daniel P. king, Preston King,
Leib, Lewis, Long, McClelland, Joseph J. McDowell, Mc-
Gau?hev, McHenrv, Miller, Moseley, Niven, Pollock, Julius
Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Schenck, Truman
Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Stew-
art, Strohm, Sykes, Thibodeaux, James Thompson, Tilden,
Toombs,Towns, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, Wheaton, White,
Wmthrop, Woodruff, Young, and Yost—85.
So the vote was reconsidered.
And the question again recurring on the adop-
tion of the resolution,
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved that the further
consideration thereof be postponed to next Mon-
day week.
Mr. YANCEY asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
After some conversation on a point of order,
The question, on the motion to postpone, was
taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bayly, Bedin-
ger, Benton, Biggs, James A. Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Brink-
erhoff, Brockenbrough, Burt, Cathcart, Augustus A. Chap-
man, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb,
Collin, Cullom, Cunningham, Daniel, Dargan, De Mott,
Dobbin, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dunlap, .Ellsworth, Faran,
Ficklin, Fries, Haralson, Harmanson, Henley, Hoge, Isaac
E. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, George S. Houston, Edmund
W. Hubard, James ft. Hunt, Hunter, Charles J. Ingert-oll,
Joseph Johnson, Georjre W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy,
Leake, La Sere, Lumpkin, Maclav, MeClernand, McCon-
nell, McCrate, James McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin,
Barkley Martin, Morris, Moise, Moulton, Norris, Owen,
Parrish, Payne, Phelps, Pillsbury, Rathbun, Reid, Relfe,
Rhett, Kitter, Roberts, SawteHe, Sawyer, Scammon, L. H.
Sims, Simpson. Robert Smith, Stanton, Staikweatbei, St.
John, Strong, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Tredway, Wick,
Williams, Woodward, and Yancey—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John ciuincy Adams, Arnold,
A«hm iti, Barnnger, Jam^s Black, Brodhead, Milton Brown,
William G. Brown, Buffingtoiif John H. Campbell, John G.
Chapman, Cocke, Cranston, Crozier, Darragh, Garrett Davis,
Delano, Dillingham, Dixon, Dockery, Edsall, Erdman, J.
II. Evving, Edwin H. "Riving, Foster, Gentry, Giles, Good-
year, Gordon. Graham, Grider, Grover, Hamlin, Hampton,
Haipei, Elids B. Holmes, John W, Houston, Hudson, Hun-
gprford, Washington Hunt, Joseph R In«o *soH, Jenkins,
James IF. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Daniel P. Kins, Preston
King, LPib, Lewis, Long, Joseph J. McDowcll,McGau«rhev,
Miller, Moseley, Nivcn, Porrv, Pollock, Julius Rockwell,
John A. Rockwell, Schenek, Truman Smith, Thos. Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Stewart, Strohm, Sykes, Thibodeaux, Jas.
Thompson, Tilden, Toombs, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton,
White, Winthrop, Woodruff, Young,and Yost—78.
So the further consideration of the resolution
was postponed until next Monday week.
VOLUNTEERS NOT RECEIVED.
Mr. PAYNE asked leave to offer the following
resolution, which was read for information:
Resolved,'That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of reporting a bill providing for the compensation
of the volunteers called out by the order of Major
General E. P. Gaines, but not received or mustered
into the service of the United States.
Objection being made, the resolution was not
received.
Mr. HARALSON made an ineffectual effort to
make a report from the Committee on Military
Affairs.
And several suggestions relating to the call of
the committees for reports were made, but not
adopted.
THE GRADUATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Fickun, ofJIIinOis, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill to
reduce and graduate the price of the public lands
to actual settlers, cultivators,  &c.
Mr. STEPHENS was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committee during the hour in oppo-
sition to the bill;- yielding the floor several times
for purposes of explanation.
Mr. DOBBIN addressed the committee in. fa-
vor of the graduation of the public lands, and
in opposition to their cession, as proposed by
the bill. He also gave his views on the sub-
ject of the tariff, in support of the bill just pass-
ed the House, considering it with reference alike to
the questions of protection and of revenue. In the
course of his remarks he yielded, for explanation
or inquiry, to Messrs. George S. Houston, Ste-
phens, Vinton, and McClernand.
Mr. COLLAMER next obtained the floor, and
moved that the committee rise.
The question being taken, no quorum voted.
The committee-rose, and reported that fact.
It was now three o'clock.
Some two hours and a half were spent in taking
yeas and nays on motions for adjournment, and in
a call of the House. The latter was ordered, and
was carried to the point of closing the doors, re-
ceiving.excuses, &c. - And the proceedings stand
adjourned until to-morrow morning.
Whilst these proceedings were pending,
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he felt desirous that
the House should again go into committee, that he
might indicate an amendment he should offer to
that part of the bill relating to a cession of the resi-
due of unsold lands to the States. Instead of an
absolute cession without any payment, he should
propose that the States should give some equiva-
lent therefor.
It is understood that Mr. D. will offer this as a
compromise.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, July 8,1846.
Mr, BRIGHT, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for the final set-
tlement of the accounts of John Spencer, receiver
of public moneys at Fort Wayne, Indiana; which
was read .a'first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims..
Mr. SEVIER submitted the following resolu-
tion*, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
directing by law that all the lands in the State of
Arkansas, of which there are unconfirmed French
or Spanish claims, and for the investigation and
confirmation of which by suit in the circuit court
of the United States in the judicial district of Ark-
ansas, provision was heretofore made, and for the
investigation of which no suit or suits have been
instituted by the claimant or claimants, shall be
considered public land, and disposed of in the same
manner that other public lauds aie disposed of, any
law to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported a bill for the relief of Joshua
Dodge; which was read, and passed to the second
reading, and the accompanying report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Sarah A. King; which was read, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
GENERAL ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The Senate considered the resolution submitted
a day or two since by Mr. Hannegan, calling upon
the President for information in relation to any
orders to General Taylor since the battles of the
8th and 9th of May last, controlling his move-
ments.
Mr. BENTON expressed his doubts of the pro-
priety of the resolution. He supposed it was suf-
ficient to say that if any officer of the army com-
municated the information sought by the resolution
he would be court-martialed and shot.
Mr. HANNEGAN replied that he had offered
the resolution at a time when great anxiety per-
vaded the public mind relative to the operations of
the army on the Rio Grande. Since then the com-
manding officer had not advanced, having had da-
