1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1069
ring the greater period of the time a large body of
troops under him, constituting a force adequate for
all offensive purposes; and really he (Mr. H.) must
express his surprise at the dilatoriness which ap-
pears to have characterized the movements of the
army since the decisive battle of the 9th of May.
It seemed to him proper that the public should
be informed as to the destination of the army, and
the intentions of the Government with regard to
the conduct and operations of the army now in
Mexico. That consideration had induced him to
propose the resolution now before the Senate. Of
course he did not imagine that anything would be
communicated in reply to the resolution which
would be prejudicial to the public interests. He
complained that the army at Matamoros, which
had been sustained at great expense, had remained
inactive, whilst the fair opportunity of a favorable
campaign was suffered to go by. He was satisfied
that the Executive had not been to blame for this
delay.
Mr. BENTON repeated that it would be im-
proper to communicate the information desired;
and suggested to the mover to lay it on the table.
Mr. HANNEGAN. Let it lie on the table for
the present.
Mr. BENTON. Not to be taken up again, I
hope.
Mr. HANNEGAN. I wont say so. It may
take its course.
The question was then put, and the resolution
was rejected.
THE TARIFF BILL.
Mr. DAVIS rose to make an inquiry. He re-
marked that on Monday last a bill of some import-
ance had been ordered to be printed and laid on
our tables. He had not vet seen the bill, although
the week was pretty well advanced; and, as the
bill was of great importance, he would be glad to
be informed when it might be expected.
The VICE PRESIDENT remarked that the
bill had not yet been returned from the printer.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, said he should
like to know when the bill might be expected,
particularly as it had not been referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance. He thought a bill of so much
importance should have been printed and sent to
the Senate forthwith.
Mr. LEWIS. It ought to be here.
The VICE PRESIDENT replied that proper
directions should be given to have the bill furnish-
ed forthwith.
On motion of Mr. NILES, the bill supplemen-
tary to an act entitled u An act to provide for the
transportation of the mail between the United
States and foreign countries, and for other pur-
poses," was takfcn up, read a second time, and
made the special order for the third Monday in
the present month.
On motion, also, of Mr. N., the bill reducing the
rates of postage and limiting the use and correct-
ing the abuse of the franking privilege, was also
taken up, and made the special order for the same
day.
The Senate considered the adverse report of the
Committee on Pensions, upon the petition of Resin
Levis; which was concurred in.
The " bill to establish and organize an Execu
tive bureau, under the exclusive control and direc-
tion of the President of the United States," was
read a second time, and then laid over until to-
morrow.
JMI.NEjR.AL LAJVDS.
The Senate took up the " bill to direct the Pres-
ident of the United States to sell the reserved min-
eral lands in the State of Illinois and Territories
of Wisconsin and Iowa, supposed to contain lead
ore,5' as in committee of the whole.
Mr. BREESE moved that the bill be laid upon
the table, and that the Senate take up the bill passed
by the House, having the same object.
Mr. EVANS called for a division of the ques-
tion, when,
Mr. BREESE withdrew his motion, and the bill
was read.
Mr. SEVIER moved to amend the bill by stri-
king out all after the enacting clause, and inserting
the House bill.
After some explanatory conversation between
the above gentlemen,
Mr. S. withdrew his original motion, and moved
that the Senate bill be laid upon the table; which
having been agreed to, he also moved that the
prior orders be postponed, and the House bill of
the same character taken up.
Mr. PHELPS opposed going out of the calen-
dar.
Mr. SEVIER contended that there was no de-
parture from the calendar involved in his motion.
He only proposed, for the sake of avoiding com-
plexity, to take up the bill that was then in order,
with the exception of a trifling amendment.
The question being taken, the motion to take up
was agreed to.
The bill was then read.
Mr. DAVIS called upon the friends of the bill
for an explanation of its objects.
Mr. BREESE called for the reading of the bill
and the report of the committee in relation to the
same.
The bill was read.
No amendments being offered, the bill was
reported back to the Senate, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
The " bill to provide for the more effectual pub-
lication of the laws of the United States'* was
taken up, read a sccond time, considered asm com-
mittee of the whole, reported without amendment,
and ordered to be engrossed, and read a third time.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
" bill providing for the graduation and reduction of
the price of the public lands," the question being
upon the adoption of an amendment submitted by
Mr. J. M. Clayton to the substitute for the origi-
nal bill introduced by Mr. Calhoun, the object
of Mr. Clayton's amendment being to test the
sense of the Senate upon the principle of Ceding
the public lands to the States m which they lie.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, spoke in support
of the amendment submitted by Mr. J. M. Clay-
ton.
Mr. BREESE advocated the bill at length.
Mr. CRITTENDEN replied.
Mr. NILES followed in opposition to the future
cession of the unsold lands to the States, and char-
acterized the bill as the commencement of the
" stand and deliver" policy of the new States.
Mr. CALHOUN earnestly contended m favor of
the policy and propriety of ceding the unsold lands
to the States, in accordance with the provisions of
his amendment to the original bill.
Mr. BENTON followed in favor of the bill.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON further advocated his
amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN again submitted a few re-
marks in opposition to the entire bill.
Mr. YULEE replied.
The question was then taken upon Mr. .T. M.
Clayton-'s amendment, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archcr, Atherton, Cameron, Cilley, J.
M. Clayton. Thomas Clavton, Corwui, Cnttenden, Davis,
Dayton, Dickinson, Di.v, Evans, Fairfield, Greene, llunting-
ton , Johnson of Maryland, Mangum, Morohead, Niles,
Pearce, Pennyhacker, Phelps, Simmons, Sturgeon, Turney,
ami IJpharn—27.
NAYS—Me«wrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Bagby, Barrow,
Benton, Brooke, Bright,, Calhoun, Chalmers Hannegan,
Houston, Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis, Rusk, Semple,
Sevier, Westcott, Woodbridge, and Yuloe—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring upon Mr. Calhoun's
amendment as amended, it was agreed to by the
following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Athlev, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
bv. Barrow, Benton, Breeso, Bright, Calhoun, Chalmers,
Dickinson, Dix, Fajrfield, Hannegan, Houston, Johnson of
Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis, Pennybacker,
Rusk, Sample, Sevier, Turney, Wosteott. and Yulee—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Cameron, Cilley, Thomas Clay-
ton, John M. Clayton, Corum, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton,
Evans, Greene, Huntington, Manguin, Niles, Pearce, Phelps,
Simmons, Stuigeoi), Uphain, and Woodbridge—20.
A motion to adjourn was here submitted, and \
lost.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate
as amended.
Mr. DAYTON moved to strike out the proviso
in the bill which limits the right of the settler to
but one hundred and sixty acrcs at the minimum
price;
which motion was disagreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to amend the bill
by striking out all after the enacting clause, and
inserting the provisions of a bill authorizing the
institution of a suit in the Supreme Court of the
United States against the States for the purpose of
testing the title of the United States to the lands
received upon the admission of States into the
Union.
Upon this question the yeas and nays were
called, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Cilley, Thomas Clayton, John
M. Clayton, Coiwin, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Evans,
Greene, Huntington, Johnson of Maryland, Mangum, Phelps,
Simmons, IJpham, and Woodbridge—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Bright, Calhoun, Cameron, Chalmers,
Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hannegan, Houston, Johnson of
Louisiana, Lewis, Niles, Pennybackcr, Rusk, Semple, Se-
vier, Sturgeon, Turney, Westcott,and Yulee—97.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAYTON moved to amend the bill by stri-
king out the fourth section, and demanded the yeas
and nays, which being taken, resulted—yeas 5,
nays 36.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question was then taken upon concurring
in the amendments made in committee, and the
same were concurred in.
The question recurring upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time, the yeas and
nays were demanded, and, being taken, resulted
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Barrow, Benton, Breese, Bright, Calhoun, Chalmers,
Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hannegan, Houston, Johnson of
Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis, Pennybacker,
Rusk, Semple, Sevier, Turney, Westcoit, and Yulee—136.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Cameron, Cilley, Thomas Claj'-
ton, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Ciittenden, Davis, Dayton,
Evans,Greene, Huntington, Maneuui, Niles, Peaicu, Phelps,
Simmons, Sturgeon, Uphain, and Woodbridge—20.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 8, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
The SPEAKER announced the business first in
order to be the execution of the following resolu-
tion, adopted immediately before the adjournment
of the House last evening:
Resolved, That all members now absent, except
such as have been excused, be required, at the
meeting of the House on to-morrow morning, or
when they shall next attend, to give excuses for
their absence at this time; and it shall be the duty
of the Clerk to enter their names on the Journal for
that purpose.
Mr. TIBBATTS (after some conversation, m
which Messrs. DROMGOOLE, TIBBATTS, I.
E. HOLMES, and the SPEAKER, participated)
moved to expunge from the Journal the whole
proceedings in relation to the call of the House, so
far as they related to the overruling the decision
of the Speaker, and to the passage of the above
resolution.
These proceedings (Mr. T. said) were placed on
the Journal by a vote of the minority of the House;
and on an appeal from the decision of the Speaker,
(declaring the resolution out of order,) by which
that decision was reversed. In ruling that resolu-
tion out of order, Mr. T. considered that the
Speaker was correct, a majority of a minority of
the House having undertaken to change one of its
standing rules. The Journal was a record of the
proceedings of the House, not of errors. He there-
fore considered that these proceedings had no right
to a place on the Journal.
The SPEAKER announced the question to be
on the morion to expunge.
Mr. STEPHENS opposed the motion, yielding
the floor, for explanation, to Messrs. TIBE&ATTS,
EWING, of Pennsylvania, and G. DAVIS.
Mr. RATHBUN sustained the motion.
After some conversation on the part of Messrs.
TIBBATTS and G. DAVIS,
Mr. TIBBATTS modified his motion, so as to
make " to leave out" this portion of the proceed-
ings from the Journal.
The SPEAKER said the Chair would put the
motion as beingto correct the Journal, &c.
Mr. TIBBATTS then finally put his motion in
this form: to correct the Journal so as to leave out
that portion of the proceedings.
Mr. HAMLIN sustained the motion, on the
ground that such proceedings had no constitutional
place on the Journal, and that justice required its
adoption.
Mr. B. MARTIN" demanded the previous ques-
tion.
There was a second.
