1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
A good deal of conversation followed on points
of order, in which Messrs. HENLEY, BURT,
TIBBATTS, BROCKENBROUGH, DOUG-
LASS, DROMGOOLE, PAYJNE, and GEORGE
S. HOUSTON", participated; and an appeal taken
from the decision of the Chair, overruling a point
of order raised by Mr. Brocrenbrough, was voted
down.
Mr. DOUGLASS asked the yeas and nays on
the main question; which were ordered.
And the main question (i. e. on correcting the
Journal, as moved by Mr. Tibbatts) was taken,
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Atkinson, Bayly, Bedmger, James
Black. Brinkcihoff, Milton Biown, Clarke, Collin, Darragh,
Do Mott, Duulap. Edsall, Ellr-woi tli, Erdman, Frie>, Garvm,
GiIp-?, Goodyear, Gordon, Grovei, Hamlin, Hariuauson,
Hojze, IIou^li, Hunuerfoid, Jenkins, Kennedy. Thomas B,
King, La S.'te, Maelay, McCleinand, MeConnell, Me-
Gaughey, McIIenrv, Maish, Moselcy, Psll.-buiy, Rarrk-ey, j
Raihlmn. R.lie, Rhert, Ritter, Robeits, Sawtdie, Thomas j
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, St. John, Jimes Thompson, Tib- j
ban-, TiMen, Wheaton, Williams, Wilmot, and Yost—55. j
NAYS—M.'S'srf. John Q.uinov Adams, Stephen Adams, j
Arnold, A<hmun. Barnngf-i, Benton, Big«>, Jamc^ A. Black, ;
Biockeiibrouirh, Brorjhead, William G. Blown, Buthngton,
Bnit, John H. Campbell, Cafscuit, John G Chapman,
Ri-uben Chapman, Chase,Chip.nan,Cobb,Cocke,Cran-tmi,
Crozier, Cullom. Cunningham, Danul, Girictt Davis,
Dixon, Dobl/in, Doekm, Douglas-, Dromguole, John II.
Ewmg, F.'nan, Pu-khn, Fo^or, Giildms^, Graham, Gimnell, I
Hampton. Har il-on, Harp. r, Henley, Eha- B. Holmes, Hop-
km<, John W Houston, G.'oige S. Houston, Edmund W.
Unbind, James IB. Hunt, Charles J. Inget>oll, James IJ.
Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, G.-orgc W,
Jonr«, Daniel P. Kintf, I,"ake} Leww, Lonir, Lumpkin,
McClelland, Joseph J. M< Dow ell, James McDowell, Mc-
Kay, Barkley Mai tin, Miller. Moms, Moulton, Niven,Noru ,
Owen, Pani«h, Payne, Pendli-ton, Periy, Pollock, Rtid,
Juliu-. Rockwall, J A. Rockwell, Root, Sawyei, Sfaimnon,
Schenck, S;-ddon, LeomudH Sim^, Tiuman Smith, Robeit
Smith, Stanton, Suukweather, Stephens, Stewart, Snohm,
Sykes, Thibotk-aux', Tredway, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton,
Wick, Winthiop, Woodiulf, and Woudward—101.
So the House decided that the Journal should
not be corrected.
The SPEAKER thereupon announced that those
members not present at the coll of the House yes-
terday, and not excused, would now, in execution
of the resolution, be called upon for excuses.
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for the reading of the
resolution; which was again read.
Mr. D. said that to call up these gentlemen one
by one would give much trouble, and would result
in the loss of another day. The object of the call
yesterday was to procure the attendance of a fjuo-
rum. The House was now full. Should they
lose another day's business?
In addition to this, there was some well-ground-
ed doubt as to the regularity of the proceeding.
The resolution adopted yesterday was in the nature
of a rule m relation to absentees. They were here
to show cause why they were absent. To use a
strong technical phrase, which he supposed to be
as good as any that he could employ, he moved to
"discharge the rule."
Mr. HOPKINS rose to what he supposed to be
a privileged question. He was one of the number
embraced m the resolution, and he asked leave now
to make his excuse.
[Cries: The list of absentees must be called in
its order.]
The SPEAKER suggested that the gentleman
could not make his excuse until regularly called in
order.
A motion was here made, as suggested, (but by
whom the reporter could not learn,) to reconsider
the vote by which Mr. McKay's resolution had
been adopted.
Mr. HOPKINS claimed the privilege of making
his excuse. It was due to himself to do so.
The SPEAKER, said _the motion to reconsider
would be the first business in order.
Mr. MILTON BROWN now rose, and moved
a reconsideration of the vote by which the resolu-
tion had been adopted.
A brief conversation followed between Mr. G.
DAVIS and the SPEAKER.
Mr. DELANO sent to the Clerk's table-the fol-
lowing resolution; which he desired, when in order,
to offer, which was read for information:
Resolved, That the resolution adopted in this
Hall yesterday by a number of members less than
a quorum, which resolution requires absentees to
furnish excuses for such absence, was passed with-
out authority of law, and is null and yoid. li
Mr. FAEAN demanded the previous question; ||
on which motion no quorum voted. |!
A call of the House was moved, (by whom the
reporter could not learn.)
Mr. DROMGOOLE raised the question of order,
that proceedings on one call were yet pending, and
that calls could not thus be accumulated.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
And the question being taken, a call of the
House was refused.
The question then again recurred, and was ta-
ken, on the demand for the previous question, and,
by ayes 73, noes 49, there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
Mr. GORDON asked to be excused from voting,
assigning as his reason that, at the time the reso-
lution was adopted yesterday, there was neither a
House nor a quorum to pass new rules.
The House refused to excuse Mr. G.
The question, " Shall this vote be reconsidered?"
was taken, (after some fuither conversation, in
which Messrs. ROOT, GARRETT DAVIS, and
the SPEAKER took part,) and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Abbott, Stephen Adams, Arnold, Atkin-
son, Bamnaer, Ba\ly, Bedingei, Bmton, Biggs, Jas.Black,
James A Black, Buwlin, Biinkerhotf, Brodhead, Milton
Brown, Buiftngton, John II. Campbell, Reuben Chapman,
Chipman, Cocke, Collamer, Collin, Darragh, Delano, De
Mott, Dixon, D.ibbm, Dunlap, Edsall, Eidtnan, John H.
Ewjng, Faran. Foot, Garvin, Goodyeai, Gilder, Hampton,
HvUiiiAn^on, Hough, Hudson, Washington Hunt,-Charles J.
Inger. oli, Jenkins, Joseph Johnson, G.W. Jones, Kaufman,
Kennedy, Daniel P. Ku.g, Preston King, Thomas B. King,
Leake, Leih, La Seie, Li wis, Lumpkin, Maelay, McC.er-
naiid, MeConnell, Joseph J. McDowell, McHenry, Marsh,
Moseley,Owen, Pai rish, Pendleton, Pern", Phelps, "Pillsbury,
Pollock, llamsey. Hitter, Roberts, Julius Rockwell, John A.
Rockwell, Sawtello, Sehenok, Leonard HL Sims, Simpson,
Caleb B Smith, Stanton, Stephens., Stewatl, Strohm,
Jaine> Thompson, Vance, White, Williams, Young, and
Yost—80.
NAYS—Messrs. John Gtuiney Adams, Ashmun, Brock-
enbrough, Win. G. Brown, Bint, CatUcart, John G. Chap-
man, Claike, Cobb, Craunton, Crozier, Culloin, Cunning-
hum, Daniel, GairottD.iVK, Doekeiy, Dousrla^s,Diomaoole,
Fk khn, Fnes, Gidding^ G'les, Goidon, Graham, Giover,
Hamhn, Haralson, Harper, Henley, Hoge, Elms B. Holmes,
Hopkins, John W. IIou ton, Geoige S. liou ton, James B.
Hunt, J.une*: fl. Johiuon, Audiow Johnson, Long, McClel-
land, Jame McDowell, McGaughey, McKay, Barkley Mar-
tin, Millei, Moins, Moulton, Niven, Nortis, Payne, Rathbun,
Il.'id, Relfe, Sawyer, Seammori, Seddon, Truman Smith,
Thomas Smith} Robert Smith, Starkweather, Sjkes, Thi-
bodeaux, Tibbatts, Tonmb*, Trumbo, Wheaton, Wick, Wii-
rnot, Wirithrop, and Woodruff—t>9.
So the vote was reconsidered.
And the question accordingly recurred on the
adoption of the resolution of Mr. McKay,
Mr. ROBERTS moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the House had yesterday reversed
the decision of the Chair ruling the said resolution
to be out of order.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON raised the point of order,
that the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Rob-
erts] could not make the motion, because, as the
record showed, the gentleman from Mississippi
was not present.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order, on
the ground that where there was no record vote
taken, (as in this case,) members were presumed
to be present.
Some conversation followed.
Mr. ASHMUN appealed from the decision, on
the ground that the Journal would show that the
member was not present.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON asked the yeas and nays
on the appeal.
Mr. HOGE inquired if a motion to lay the whole
subject on the table would be m order.
The SPEAKER said, not pending the appeal.
Mr. McKAY said that, as the resolution was
likely to give rise to great trouble, and would prob-
ably waste the whole day, he would inquire whether
it was competent for lam to withdraw it.
The SPEAKER said it was not, after the House
had taken action upon it.
Mr. McKAY. It must be apparent 
Cries to order,
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to lay the appeal of Mr.
Ashmtjn on the table, but withdrew the motion to
enable
Mr. HAMLIN to cite a case in point; having
done which, Mr. H., according to promise, re-
newed the motion to lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON asked the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
Mr. McKAY inquired of the Chair whether he
could now modify his resolution.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman could not
do so.
After some conversation on a point of order be-
tween Mr. WINTHROP and the SPEAKER,
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Tibbatts, and the vote stood'—yeas 51, noes'68.
So the appeal .was not laid on the table.
The question then recurred, "Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
And the vote .being taken, stood—ayes 47, noes
72.
So the decision of the chair was reversed.
And the motion of Mr.'RoBERTs was not enter-
tained.
The question then recurring on the adoption of
the resolution of Mr. McKay,
Mr. G. W. JONES offered an amendment, and
demanded the previous question. [This amend-
ment was not read, and we have not a copy of it.]
Mr. GORDON (renewing the motion of Mr.
Roberts) moved a reconsideration of the vote by
which the House had reversed the decision of the
Speaker, ruling the resolution of Mr. McKay out
of order.
Some conversation followed.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS-*-Mepsrs. Stephen Adams* Arnold, Atkinson, Bar-
ringer, Baylv, Bedingor, Benton, James Black, BrftikerbofiF,
Brodhead, Milton Bi own, Reuben Chapman. Clarke, Cocke,
Collamer, Daniel,-Dargan, Darragh, Garrett Davis, De Mott,
Dixon, DunUp, Edsallj Erdnian, John H. Ewmg, Edwin H.
Ewmg, Foot, Fries, Garvin, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon,
Giaham,'Gnder, Grover, Hamlin, Hampton, Harmanson,
Hoge, Eiias B. Holmes, Hopkins, Hudson, Hungerford,
Washington Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jwtkinsy G. W.
Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Preston King,
Thomas Butler ftiug, Leake, La Sere, Lewis, Lumpkin,
MeConnell, Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell, Mc-
Gaughey, Marsh, Moseley, Owen, Parrish, Pendleton, Pills-
bury, Pollock, Ramsey, Rathbun, Reid, Relfe, Ritter. Rob-
erts, JuliusRockweH, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Leonard H.'Sims,
Simpson, Albert Smith, Thomus Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Stanton, Thomasson. James Thompson, Tibbatts, Tilden,
Tredway, Vance, Wheaton, Williams, Wilmot, Woodruff,
Woodward, Young, and Yost—95.
NAYS—Messrs. John Quiney Adams, Ashmun, Bigg**,
James A. Black, Bowlin, Broekenhrough, Wm. G. Brown,
Bufflngton, Buit, J. H. Campbell, Cathcart, John G. Chap-
man, Cobb, Cranston, Crozier, Cullom, Cunningham, Dob-
bin, Dromgoole, Faran, Ficklin, Foster, Haralson, Harper,
Henley, George S. Houston, James B. Hunt, James H. John-
eon, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Long, McClelland,
McHenry, McKav, Barkley Martin, Miller, Morris, Moulton,
Nive s Norris, Payne, Perry, Phelps, Scarmnon, Seddon,
Robert Smith, Starkweather, Stephens, Strohm, Sykes,
Thihodeamc, Jacob Thompson, Trumbo, Vinton, White,
Wick, and Winthrop—57.
So the vote was reconsidered.
Whereupon, the question recurred, "Shall the
decision of the Chair (ruling the said resolution out
of order) stand as the judgment of the House?"
The SPEAKER said it was his impression that
the gentleman from Worth Carolina [Mr. McKay]
could now withdraw the resolution.
Some conversation followed on a point of order,
in which Messrs. TIBBATTS and ASHMUN
participated.
Mr. ASHMUN withdrew the appeal.
Mr. McKAY asked leave to offer a resolution.
Objections were mode.
Mr. McKAY moved a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman withdraw
his original resolution ?
Mr. McKAY. I do withdraw it.
The SPEKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina has withdrawn his resolution, and now
moves a suspension of the rules, to enable him to
offer certain resolutions, which will be read for in-
formation.
They were read as follows:
Resolved, That whenever the House may be in
Committee of the Whole, or Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and it shall ap-
pear on a division that there is not a quorum pres-
ent, it shall be the duty of the Chairman to direct
the Clerk to call the roll of members, and to report
the names of absentees to the House, to be entered
upon the Journal.
Resolved, That it shall be the duty of the Clerk,
at the close of the present and every subsequent
session, to prepare a table showing how often the
yeas and nays were taken, and the number of times
each member was absent, distinguishing as far as
it can be done in tabular form the character of the
question upon which the yeas and nays were taken,
and cause the same to be published.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and (after a
brief conversation between Mr. WINTHROP and
the SPEAKER on a point of order) were taken,
and resulted as follows:
