1846,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1071
YEAS—Messrs. John U- Adams, Arnold Ashmun, Ben-
ton, Biggs, James Black, James A. Black, Bovvlin, Brock-
enbrough, William G. Brown, Cathcart, Reuben Chapman,
Chase, Cobb, Cocke, Collamer. Colhn, Cranston, Daniel,
Dobbin, Erdman, John H. Ewmg, Faran, Fieklin, Foster,
Fries, Giles, Graham, Giover, Hamlin, Haralson, Henley,
Hoge, Ehas B. Holmes', Hopkins, George S. Houston, James
B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, James H. Johnson, Anrhew
Johnson, George W. Jones, Long, Lumpkin, McClelland,
MeClernand, Joseph J. McDowell, McGau^hey, McKay,
Barfcley Martin, Morris, Moulton, Owen, Payne, Phelps,
Reid, Relfe, Ritter, Root, Sawtelle, Scammon, L. H. Sims,
Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Thoma^sow, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Tredway, Trumbo,
and Wick—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Stephen Adam55, Atkinson, Bar-
ringer, Bayly, Bedinger, Bnnkerhoff, Brodhead, Milton
Brown, Bufiington, Burt, John H. Campbell, John G. Chap-
man, Chipman, Clarke, Crozier, Dargan, Garrett Davis,
Delano, De Mott, Dillingham, Douglas*, Dromgoole, Dun-
lap, Edsall, Ell>worth, Edwin H. Ewing, Foot, Garvin,
Gtddm^s, Goodyear, Gordon, Grider, Hampton, Harman-
son, Harper, Isaac E Holmes, Hough, Edmund W. Hubard,
Hinkon, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, Jenkins, Joseph
Johnson, Kennedy, Darnel P. King, Preston King,Thomas
Butler King, Leake, Leib, Lewis, McConncll, James Mc-
Dowell, McHenry, Miller, Moseley, Niven, Norris, Parrish,
Pendleton, Perry, Pollock, Ramsey, Rathbun, Robeits, Juiiu3
Rockwell, Bchenck, Seddon, Albei I Smith, Starkweather,
St. John, Strohm, Syke*, Tlnbodeaux, Tibbatts, Tilden,
Vance, Vinton, Wheaton, White, Wilmot, Wintltrop,
Woodruff, Woodward, Young, and Yost—8fi.
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lutions were not received.
ARMY LETTERS FREE OF POSTAGE.
Mi;. OWEN moved a susp^jision of the rules,
for the purpose of enabling him to introduce a bill
" to provide for the passage, postage free, of letters
to and from the army of occupation."
[This bill provides that all letters to and from the
army of occupation shall be free of postage, if
written by, or addressed to, any officer, non-com-
missioned, officer, musician, or private; and for the
purpose of determining which are such army let-
ters, all letters written to a soldier shall have, added
to the name, the company and regiment of the
person to whom addressed; and all letters written
by a soldier shall be franked, officially, by an of-
ficer of the grade of a captain, or higher; and the
names of all officers of the army, of the grade of a
captain or higher, shall be communicated by the
Secretary of War to the X'ost Office Department;
the law to remain in force so long as the army re-
mains on the right bank of the Rio Grande.]
The question on suspending the rules was put;
but two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, it was
decided in the negative.
Mr. HARALSON made an ineffectual motion
to suspend the rules, to enable him to report a bill
from the Committee on Military Affairs. ►
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH made an unsuccessful
effort to have the committees called for reports.
Mr. HENLEY said a few words in explanation
of a remark made by him yesterday.
THE GRADUATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Ficklin, of Illinois, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill to
reduce and graduate the price of the public lands to
actual settlers and cultivators.
Mr. COLLAMER was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committee during the hour. After
briefly discussing the right of Congress to cede the
public lands to the new States, he proceeded to the
question of graduation. He maintained that there
was no need of passing this bill to give homes to
poor men, because they could now get a farm for
$50. The United States never could calculate on
getting more than the minimum price: this was
proved by all experience; and if the minimum was
put at 25 cents, 'that would be the price of new
land, and squatters would wait till the land came
down to that before they entered their land. He
denied that land long in market would not sell at
the present minimum price, and appealed to the
tables from the Land Office to prove it. The effect
of the new minimum would be to reduce the value
of all lands now settled, and would prevent the
new States from paying their debts.
Mr. HENLEY then took the floor, but yielded
for a moment to
Mr. DARRAGH, who indicated the following
amendment:
Beit enacted by the Senate and Howe of Representatives
of the United States of Jimenca in Congress assmhled, That
from and after the first day of November, 1S46, any citizen
of the United States, and any female, the widow or daugh-
ter of any citizen of the United States, above the age of
eighteen years, who may desire to make a settlement and
habitation upon, and to cultivate public lands of the United
State?, subject to entry for the term of ton years prior to
that date, and remaining unsold and not reserved from sale,
or subject to preemption in favor of any other person, he
or she may file his or her application in writing with the
legi&tei of the land diatnetm which said lands shall lie, spe-
cifying the township, range, section, and sectional sub-di-
vision of said lands; and-upon his or her adducing satisfac-
tory proof to the register aforesaid, and to the receiver of the
same district, that no other person has settled upon said
lands, which proof shall be filed with said register, then the
said register and rcceivcr shall issue to such applicant a
certificate, icciting tfiat upon the continued habitation and
cultivation of said lands by said applicant, or should he or
she have died, by ins or her heirs, for the term of throe years
from and after the date of s-aid certificate, and upon proof
thereof being made within sixty days after the expiration of
saidteim, to such register and receiver as aforesaid, such
applicant, or if he or the shall have died, his or her hem*,
shall be entitled to said land.s, and a patentshall l&sue there-
for to «aid applicant, or his or her heirs, without any charge
therefor: Provided,fio-tever, Thatin no case shall an appli-
cation be made, or certificate or patent he issued, in favor
ot the same person for more than a quarter of a section of
said lands - +ind jironded, atso,Thnt if the right ot sanl appli-
cant, oi lu-s or her heirs, to such land-, shall m nnv can* be
sold, assigned, or transferred, befoie the said patent shall be
issued, such sale shall be null arid void ; nor shall said right
to said laud.* bu subject to sale by or under any process at
law, or in equity, prior to said patentbeing is>ued.
Jlnd be it further emitted, That it shall be unlawful for
any person, "vepttho applicant aforesaid, or his or her heirs-,
as aforesaid, to settle upon a quarter section of land, for
which a certificate shall have i-:s>ued as aforesaid, and such
illegal settlement shall in no case givetueh pei&on any right
to such lauds.
Mr. DROMGOOLE intimated the following
amendment:
Stiike out the following words, occurring in the 21st and
2yd linos of the fiist section, to wir: "Ceded and lorever
nbsoluh ly vested in the Stale- revpeetivcly in which they
he," and nwit m lieu theieof the following, to wit: '• made
subject to cutiy for the entire quantity, and not otherwi. e,
bvtlie States rc*pe< tiwly, m which such lands he, at the
puce of five cents per acre."
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON indicated the following
amendment:
Sec. U. jlnd be it further emtcled, That upon the condi-
tions herein specified, thoie shall I) • gianh-d to each head of
a family one bundled and sixty ncics 01 land.
Wise. *1. Jlnd he it jurther enacted, That any pei son desir-
ing the benefit ot tins act, shall make, and file with the
register of the prop.-r lantJ ofuce, a statement, uuder oath,
that he or .she w not the owner 01 am leal estate, and that
no one holds any real estate in trustor him or i.er, or tor
his 01 hei us.e and benefit; winch statement >liail .set lortti
the unmix t of persons, in the iainih, giving uaine.s and age.- ;
and shall <les< nbe the laud mI, ot. d, :n,d mat it i* the inlen
tion ol the applicant, m good faith, to n^-tde upon said l.tnd.
The icgister 5-ball file said statement, and make an cutty
thereof in a houk piovided foi that, puipo-sc, and -hall grant
t<> the applicant a certificate, setting loith the application,
with a description of the land; and that the applicant, arthe
expiration ot thiee years from the date thereof, shall receive
a patent for the land : Provided, in the mean tune, the ap-
plicant shall have become a resident thereon.
Skc. 5. Jlnd be it Juithrr enacted, That on the expitation
of thrcH years fiom the date of the register^ certificate, the
applicant, or his or her heirs, may apply for and obtain a
patent for the land, provided satisfactory piool is made to
the register that the applicant is icsuhng on the land for
which the patent is requued.
Sec; li, JtnJ be it further enacted. That all such selected
land shall be subject to sole, as at present, at tne expuation
of one ) ear after the date of the mgistei's certificate, if tnt-
isf'aetory pi oof, bj disinterested witnesses, is made to the
register that the applicant has done nothing to tmpjove or
lake possession thereof. The icgister chall rtcervo fifty
cent* upon tho In*-** application, and filly cents upon appli-
cation lor patent, for his sen ices requued herein.
Skc. 7. ^ud be it further enacted, That no land shall be
granted, under the provisions of the five last sections of this
act, that has not been oflercd for sale at the last graduated
price for two years, and remains unsold ; and all lands thus
acquired shall be subject 10 taxation from the date of the
regit-tei's certificate, as other lands aie within the respective
States.
Mr. VINTON gave notice of the following:
Strike out all after the word that," in the first section,
and mseit so as to read as follows: u That authority and
peimission be, and is hereby given, to any State of the Uni-
ted States to institute a suit in the name and for the benefit
of such State against the United Suites, by hill in equity,
filed in the Supreme Court of the United Stales, which hill
shall set foith and state fully and specifically the right,title, or
chum which such State has, or claims to have, 111 law or
equity, to the lands, or proceeds thereof, or to any part or
piopoition of such lands, or the proceeds Thereof, as still
remain unsold or othei wise, and not disposed ot by the Uni-
ted States, and which were ceded and coin-eyed to the Uni-
ted States bv deed of cession of the State of Virginia of the
first of March, 17^4, by likedeed ofthc State of South Caro-
lina of the 9th of Angus.!., 17«7, and by the at tides of agree-
ment and cession entered into between the United States
and the State of Oeorgia on the 24th of Apnl, 1H)2; and it
shall he the duty of the said Supienie Couit fully to hear
and determine satd suit between the parties aforesaid, ac-
cording to the rules and principles of equity, and specially
to decide and determine by its decree what claim, right, or
title said State hath, ifanj, to the said lands, or the proceeds
thereof, or to any part of the same; by what tenure and for
what use the United States holds said lands; whether as the
absolute property of the United States or in trust for the sev-
eral States composing the Union; and if in trust for the
said several States, to declare the uses and proportions of
use or benefit belonging to each, or the rule by which the
same is to be determined; and further to decree and declare
whether said United States is bound in equity to distribute
amon" and pay over to said several States the proceeds of
said lands in the proportions so as aforesaid to be declared
by said court; and if the said, court shall find and decree
that the said lands are held in trust for said States by the
United States, and that the said United Stites are bound to
pay over the proceeds of said lands to and amongsaid States,
then and m that case it is hereby made the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury of the United States to pay over, on
due requisition made, to and among the said several States
that now are, or hereafter may lie, members of the Federal
Union, the proceeds of said lands as the same shall, from
time to time, accrue and comc into the treasury of the Uni-
ted States, accordins to the respective pi oportions of each
State, as settled and declared by the principles of said de-
cree."
Mr. WHITE heretofore gave notice of the fol-
lowing amendment:
In line 9, after the word " unsold,'' insert the following:
"and having been in market and offered for sale for the
period of five years, at one dollar per acre, shall," &c.
In line 13, after the word " unsold," insert "and having
been in market and offered for sale for the period of five
years, at seventy-five cents per acre."
In line 16, after the word " unsold," insert, "and having
been in market and ofleied for sale for the period of five
jears, at fifty cents peracie."
Mr. HENLEY, after some few humorous re-
marks in reference to the absence of gentlemen at
thistime fromtheHal!—many of his own friends—
and some other preliminary remarks, proceeded
to pay that it was necessary to be determined, in
deciding upon the propriety of this bill, whether
the price of these lands ought to be reduced;
whether thev were too high at a dollar and a quar-
ter, the minimum price, per acre; if so, reason
and justice would require every man to go for this
reduction. Ill searching for proof of this fact, if
he went to western gentlemen it might be said that
they were interested witnesses; although he had
no ilouht they would tell that which was strictly
true. He would therefore endeavor to prove it by
analogy—by asking gentlemen from other sections
as to the value of land in their States respectively.
He would ask the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Ashmun] it' there were not lands in his State
not worth n dollar and a quarter an acie?
Mr. ASHMUN replied, some few; no large
tract a.
To similar questions from Mr. HENLEY di-
verted to them respectively,
Mr. HAMLIN leplied there were such lands in
Ins State in considerable Quantities.
Mr. GrROVER knew of none in his State.
Mr. GORDON, differing with his colleague,
said there were large tracts in New York not worth
ten cents an acre; hut at the same time, he would
state that some of the finest lands in the State were
not cultivated until one hundred years after they
were first offered for sale.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said a large part of Virgi-
nia was " inhabited" (as the saying was) " by the
mountains," and not worth paying the tax for—
not worth anything.
' Mr. SCHENCK thought all the lands in his
State would bring a dollar and a quarter, if they
were kept in market sufficiently long.
Mr. HENLEY, resuming, in reply to Mr.
Schenck, said, in his opinion there were many
lands in Ohio that never would bring it—that
never would be worth it. So his opinion stood
against the gentleman's opinion.
But from the testimony of all these other gentle-
men, it plainly appeared that there were lands m
each of their States not worth a dollar and a quar-
ter an acre; and it was fairly inferible from an-
alogy, and it was absolutely true, that there were
thousands and millions of lands in the western
country not worth a dollar and a quarter per acre,
and which would never bring it. He asked gen-
tlemen, then, if they would persist in holding them
at that price, and thus prevent the poor man, un-
able to pay it, from obtaining a freehold and a
homestead? Would gentlemen go before their
constituents on that ground ? They could not jus-
tify it to them.
This land question was a great question. He
was sorry to see it made a political question—to
see the Whig party rallying with a portion of the
Democratic party of the North, to prevent the poor
man from getting a home upon land which is not
worth a dollar and a quarter an acre.
Mr. GORDON. Are you recognising it as a
party question ?
Mr. HENLEY. I am; for it is made so by the
Whigs, who are uniting in opposition to it, as the
votes will show.
