THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session*.
TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1846.
New Series....No. 68.
in the State of Michigan; .wliich was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims, and order-
ed to be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed, to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
extending the criminal laws of the United States
over the Indian territories.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on
Territories, reported back the (House) joint reso-
lution, affirming a certain act of the Legislative
Assembly of Wisconsin, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. W., also, from the same committee, report-
ed back the (House) bill disaffirming all laws of
the Territories of Iowa and Wisconsin, granting
banking privileges, without amendment, and rec-
ommending that it do not pass.
Mr, W. further, from the same committee, re-
ported back the (House) bill to define the bounda-
ries of the State of Iowa, and to repeal so much
of the act of the 3d of March, 1845, as relates to
the boundaries of Iowa, without amendment.
Mr. W. still further, from the same committee,
reported back the (House) bill to enable the people
of Wisconsin to form a constitution and State
government, and for the admission of such State
into the Union, without amendment.
Mr. W. moved that the two last named bills be
made the special order for Satuiday next.
Mr. LEWIS objected. There' were (he said)
several important bills which had the preference,
and should be disposed of before these minor mat-
ters were discussed.
The question being taken on the motion, it was
disagreed lo.
Mr. DICKINSON, from (lie Committee of
Claims, reported a joint lesolution for the relief of
John Devlin: winch was read a first and .second
time.
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States.]
The bill to establish and organize an Executive
bureau, under the exclusive direction and control
of the President of the United States, was taken
up; and, after a conversation between Senators
JARNAGIN, HUNTINGTON", WESTCOTT,
and CHALMERS, it way referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
The " bill to direct the President of the United
States to sell the reserved mineral lands in the Suite
of Illinois and Territories of Wisconsin and Iowa,
supposed to contain lead ore," was read a third
time, and passed.
THE GRADUATION BILL.
The bill to graduate and reduce the price of the
public lands was read a third dine and passed, by
the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bas-
by, Barrow, Benton, Breese, Calhoun, Cameron,Oa-<H, Cnal-
niers, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Ilamiegiin, Houston, Jolui-
roii of Maryland, Lewi*. Ponnyhaeker, lliulc, Semplc, Se-
vier, Tnrney, Westeott, and Yalee—-26.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Cdley, Thomas Clayton, John
M. Clayton, Oorwin, Davis, Dayton, Evans, Greene. Hunt
ington, Jarnagin, MiJler, Moiehead, Pearee, Pheljx, fcrim-
inons, Upliam, and Woodbndge—18.
THE TEXAN NAVY.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the u bill to authorize
the President of the United States to increase the
naval force of the United States, by adding thereto
the naval establishment of the late Republic of
Texas" was taken up.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said, that although this bill
came from the Committee on Naval Affairs, he did
not claim any participation in the honor of its pa-
ternity. On the contrary, it had his opposition in
committee, and had been reported to the Senate
during a temporary absence, contrary to his wishes
and expectations. In his view, the bill had no
good foundation, either in principle or expediency;
but, on the contrary, was violative of both. It was
contended by its friends that its object was em-
68
braced in the joint resolution annexing Texas to
the United States; that the term " navy," there
used, embraced the officers as well as the ships.
This was a strange position, and one which he was
persuaded woulct never receive the sanction of the
Senate. The language of the second section of the
joint resolution referred was thus:
" Said State, when admitted into the Union, after ceding
to tile United States all public edifices, fouifieations, l ar-
uicks, port*, and harbors, navy and navy-yank, dock-;, mag-
azines, and armaments, and all other tiioni^ peitanmn? to
the public defence, iN'Innenn* to the «,nd Republic of Texas,
shall retain all the public funds," &.c.
Now, though it might he conceded that the term
<l navy" may be used in certain connexions, and
under such circumstances as to warrant the en-
larged sense claimed for it, yet surely no such
meaning could be attached to it here. It would be
observed that the language speaks of " ceding"—
after ceding the navy, &c. Could it for a moment
be supposed that Congress was then contemplating
a cession of men—full-grown, uniformed and com-
missioned men? Certainly not. The term cede \
could properly apply to property only. But these
officers were not only not embraced in the joint j;
resolution by express terms, but the transfer of !i
them to the navy of the United Slates could notj'
fairly be regarded as understood or implied. What j|
reason, he would ask, was there for bringing these m
officers into the navy of the XTniied States, that ,
would not as well apply to the officers of the army, j
or, indeed, to the civil list? It would be difficult, j
he thought, to discriminate between them. The j
truth was, the. officers of Texa^, whether belong- r
ing to the army, navy, or civil list, were officers of
an independent republic. When it ceased to be a |j
republic, and became one of the United States, the 1
functions of its officers ceased also. The adniis- ;
sion into the Union of itself created a necessity
for new officers, with new powers, holding under
anew tenure. The sourer of auihoi it y < easing, ■
the subordinate powers, of course, ceased with it. .
Again: he would ask if this bill did noi interfere with j;
the constitutional powers of the President5 The j;
power of nomination and appointment is vested in ji
him alone by the Constitution. Could we, then, ;f
legislate men into office?—or could mx limit and ii
circumscribe his range for selection ? Congress
can creatc offices, to be sure; but can Congress
prevent the President from taking an unlimited
range in the selection of persons to fill those of-
fices? He apprehended not. Hut if it were other-
wise, it was, perhaps, questionable whether, in
point of fact, there were nny officers of the Tex-
an navy in esse at the time of annexation. Upon •
this point he would not speak with conf.dence. j.
The Senators from Texas were much better ac-l|
uuamted with the facts than himself, and he should ,
defer cheerfully to nny statement or correction S
they might make. lie had always supposed that !!
the navy had been broken up, and the officers dis- j
charged or put on perpetual furlough. The com- jj
mander, at least, had been discharged, by the then "
President of Texas, and the fact made known to j!
the world by proclamation. This, to be sure, was
attempted to be reversed afterwards by the Legis- j;
laturc, but without ofleet, in consequence of the li
interposition of the veto power of President .Tones. 'I
If he, (Mr. F.) was wrong in these facts, the Sen- j;
ators from Texas could correct him. If right, it;,
was exceedingly questionable, as he had said be- ;
fore, whether there were, in fact, any officers of [;
the Texan navy in existence at the time of annex- ji
ation. But independently of these considerations, |>
it would he exceedingly unjust to the officers of !
our own navy to bring into it the officers of the jj
Texan navy, with the rank they then held. Cap- |>
tain Moore left the naval service of the United
States m 1839, to enlist in a foreign service, for the
purpose, it is presumed, among others, of promo-
ting his own personal interest. He gave up a
lieutenancy in one navy, and took a captaincy in
another. In the service of the latter he fought gal- J
lantlv, it is believed, and won high honors. Oft
these Mr. F. would not deprive him. They were |
fairly won, let them be freely enjoyed. But did !
this entitle him to come back into the navy of the !l
United States, and overslaugh those who had been
standing faithfully by the flag of their country, and
watting anxiously for their legitimate turn for pro-
motion ? If Captain Moore should now come into
the navy of the United States with his present rank,
he would overslaugh ninety-six commanders and a
large number of lieutenants. Several of these com-
manders served most gallantly and honorably du-
ring the last war, and several of them served from
twelve to fifteen years before Captain Moore enter-
ed the seruce as a midshipman. Now, could it
be just or right to permit Captain Moore to come
back into a service which he voluntarily left, and
take command of those under whose command he
was when he left ? It could not be otherwise than
galling to those gallant officers, and, so far as his
vote went, should never be permitted. So of the
junior officers; it would be equally unjust to them.
The position they hold in the navy they have toiled
for; and for long, long years, in consequence of the
great number of our officers, have they been wait-
ing patiently for their regular turn of promotion to
arrive. Promotion, the result of an honorable am-
bition, is an object of which they never lose sight.
Can it be just to these men to permit others to come
in from a foreign service, and seriously and mate-
rially interfere with their legitimate advancement?
It would be not only cruel and unjust to them, but
deeply injurious to the service. J?or he held it to
he clear, that you could not thus dampen the ardor
and honorable ambition of the junior officers with-
out seriously affecting the service itself. Themost
that could properly be asked, he thought, for the
officers of the Texan navy, was to let them come
back and occupy the positions they would have
held if they had never left the naval service of the
United States. To this extent, if it could be prop-
erly done, he was willing to go, and no further;
and for the purpose of having the bill made con-
formable to this view, he should move to have it
lecoimmtted.
At the icquest of Mr. RUSK, several amend-
ments submitted by him were ordered to be printed,
and the further consideration of the bill was post-
poned till to-morrow.
THE WAREHOUSE BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
special order of the day, the warehouse bill.
Mr. DIX remarked that as the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr, J.M. Clayton,] had expressed a
desire to address the Senate on this subject, he
(Mr. D.) would gladly give way to him.
Mr. .T. M. CT.AYTON replied that he would
not now address the Senate on the bill before it,
because, in his opinion, the tariff bill should first
lie disposed of. The Senator from New York
was probably, however, prepared to address the
body; and he (Mr. C.) desired to ask him whether
the features of this bill were identical with the
English warehousing law ?
Mr. DIX replied "that he had never advanced
any such sentiment. He would in the course of
the remarks which he intended to offer, point out
the difference between the two systems.
Mr. CLAYTON said he would be very happy
to hear the Senator on these points. He (Mr. C.)
understood that in Great Britain, whengoods were
entered for warehousing, a declaration was required
whether the goods were intended for general con-
sumption, or for reexportation, and that bonds
were required. Did the honorable Senator so un-
derstand the English regulation?
Mr. DIX replied in the negative.
Mr. HUNTINGTON remarked that he would
be happy to hear the Senator on that point.
Mr. BAGBY said, before his honorable friend
from New York [Mr. Dix] proceeded with the
main discussion, he begged leave to call his atten-
tion to a single point, which he (Mr. B.) consid-
ered of great importance, and upon which his
vote would greatly depend. Mr. B. did not pro-
fess to be familiar with commercial topics. The
pursuits and habits of his life had led him mainly
in a different direction. But if he understood the
leading objects and effect of the bill now under
consideration, they were two-fold. First, to en-
