1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
com aire the navigating interest; and second, to aid j
the importing interest, by substituting', so far as >1
the amount of duties were involved, credit for ;!
capital. Now, what he desired to know was (
whether, unless the bill was so amended as to be ij
confined in its operation to American citizens, the
principal benefits of the bill will not enure to for-
eign importers and foieign snip-owners, without
a corresponding benefit to any class in the United \
States > Mr. 1>. had great respect for the opinions i
of the Senator from New York, especially upon I
subjects of this kind. . {
R"[r. D1X said he would reply to that inquiry in !
the course of his remarks; and then went on to ad- ,
dress the Senate at pi eat length, and with charac-
teristic ability, with a Mew to the refutation of the
aigmnents advanced by the Senator from Connec-
ticut, [Mr. Huntington ,j and advocating the prin-
ciples and provisions' of the hill.
[A full report of these remarks will be found in
the Appendix.]
Mr. HUNTINGTON submitted a few remarks
in reply; and, having concluded, the Senate pro-
ceeded'to take action on the pending amendments
to the bill
order of business, being the call of the committees
for reports.
Mr. CULLOM moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to call up a motion (heretofore indi-
cated by him) to print an extra number of the
report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs in
relation to the causes of the Mexican war.
The motion did not prevail.
The question recurred, and (after a brief con-
versation) was taken, on the motion of Mr. Mc-
Ci.f.rnand, and no quorum voted.
Mr. COBB asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and, being taken, were, yeas 108,
nays 15.
THE GRADUATION BILL.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Fick-
of Illinois,) in the chaiivand resumed the con-
sideration of the bill to reduce and graduate the
price of the public lands to actual settlers and cul-
tivators.
Mr. GORDON, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee. lie avowed himself in
favor of the principle of a reduction of the price of
Mr. DIX submitted several amendments, which j! the public lands to tlieir actual value, but was
• T t i i . !: J_ . i x . .t.i <ii _ - i "ii -i.    *i, „
were considered and agreed to.
Air. LEWIS mo\ed to amend the bill by adding- j1
an additional section. ;!
The question l>ein<^ taken upon the amendment, !■
it was agreed to. |i
On motion of Mr. J. M. CLAYTON, the bill,
as amended,was ordeied to be printed. ;i
army appropriations.
Oji motion of Mr. LEWIS, the Senate proceed-
ed, as in committee of the whole, to the considera-
tion of the (House) bill making appropriation,s for
the support of the army for the fise.nl year ending
June 30th, 1847, which had been reported from the
Committee on Finance, with amendments.
The amendments, having been read, were agreed
to. The bill was reported hack to the Senate as
amended, the amendments were concurred in, and
the bill was ordered to be rend a tliud time. J3y
unanimous conscnt the bill was immediately read
a third time, and passed.
MINERAL LAKDS OF LAKE SUPERIOR.
The following message from the President of the
United States was read, and ordered to be printed: ?|
To the Swat" of the Vailed Sides: \ \
I eoiumume.ite heiewith a report from tbr l-eetot;nv of ,
?he \ . U.UWIIIlltlllfj; il l«'|M>ll iVllll lil • < 'xlUTU^I'tlirl j1
of' I'nbhe Lands in teply to tbe le-olutiun o( !b< S.-nate o;
S22d June, 16, ( nil my lor inform ttiop ot tne pio<(ie-:v \\ Ineh
Jin-been mitdo m the sutvej.* ot the niinrial icg.on upim
Lak<> riujVHor, ami \\ itbm what time suoh Huvey^ may j
probably be prepaied ioi the sale- of the laud in tbiit conn- i
try. In an«\voi to that portion of the resolution wlm-h e:ills i
fot the views o{ the Exe< utivo respei tn.jr th#-' pioprr mode .
of dx-'po-irife? of said land*. keepm? in view tin* inieiect 01 the j
United Strife-;, anil the equitable el-runs of individual who, !
i the authority ofthe War Dep.urrnent, ha\-'
opposed to this bill, as a bill not graduating the
puce of the lands to their value, nor yet a bill to
give the lands to actual settlers, hut a bill to give
the lands to speculators, and the States and Terri-
tories in which they lie, under the pretext of grad-
uation.
Mr PAYNE said the day had past when an ar-
gument founded upon the natural rights of man to
his due propoition of the soil on which he lives
should be addressed, to the Pluuse or the country.
Yet, looking at the question in an abstract point of
view, it would be very difficult to say how it was
that a creature of God, placed upon this earth, and
drawing his subsistence from that earth, should not
have as much of it as was necessary to supply his
wants. But this Gm eminent had thought proper
to interfere with tins natural law, and place a price
upon our public lands.
One dollar and a quarter, he contended, was am-
ple price for the best unimproved land in the remote
sections of the eoiuilt y. He .spoke from a knowl-
edge of the facts. He estimated, even at this price
to commence with, by the time they were cleared
and brought into proper cultivation, they will, have
cost their full value—some $10 or §12. But as all
lands were not of equal value, a graduation of the
price would be just and equitable.
The question then was, what system shall be
adopted? Mr. P. was not particularly wedded to
this system. He was willing to go for any reason-
able one which might be proposed. At the same
time lie would remark, that he was satisfied with
the one proposed by this bill, with a very slight
amendment.
Gentlemen seemed to oppose this bill on the
und'-i the authority of the War Department, have made mi- :   y l. "i Hi""","
thereon, or aequned rights of pos-e^r ion,*' I \ ground that tae pvjee of alHnuds \\ as to Le)cduced
  ■ ' 'under it. This was not the ease, a he present
provement-> thereon, or aequiiert mbts of pos-e^r irni
ifeoriimewl that these land- be bionght into matket, and
sold at i«uoh pi ice and under Mich lobulations ;iv Confess
juuv pre^'iibe. and th.it the mrht of pre-emption he --eemed
to MH'h persons a-; have, under the authority of the War
Depaitment, made improvement* or acquired lights of pos-
fccv ion tlieieon. .Should Confess deem if pioper to au-
thorize the <a!o of there land.-, it will be neee'-'-ni \ to atla< h
them to suitable land dntnet.-. and that they be plaeed under
the mauagi nient and control ol the Geneial l>and Office, as
othoi public lands, JAMES K. POLK.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. CAMERON rose and said that he found ij thai this bill would redound to the benefit of spccu-
on Public Lands [Mr. McCleruand] if it would
not be better—more in accordance with his own
wishes and the "wishes of the country—to amend
it so as after thirty years to give.it to any citizen
who would settle on and cultivate it.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, with the permission
of his friend from, Alabama, he would make a brief
explanation. Mr. McC. had reported the bill from
the Committee on Public Lands with a full know-
ledge of,all its provisions. The clause of cession,
as he conceived, involved no constitutional diffi-
culty. The Constitution evidently contemplates
that the several States shall occupy the same foot-
im;of equality and sovereignty, under its provisions
in atl respects whatsoever. The old States claimed
and exercised a jurisdictional and proprietary right
over the lands within their limits. To deny the
new States the same right is to strike at their sov-
ereignty in a vital point. The power of taxation
is a vital attribute of sovereignty. The old States
enjoy this power as well in rceard to lands as in
regard to personal property. The new States are
denied this power in regard to the public lands
before sale, and in several cases after sale, for five
years. The Federal Government cannot take
power beyond the pale of the Constitution, .nor
can a State give it, except in the manner prescribed
by the Constitution; yet, by virtne of compacts,
otherwise than in such prescribed mode, the new
States are prohibited this vital power. The true
and strict construction of the Constitution would
seem to be that the act of admission admits each
State to the proprietary right of the soil within its
limits, and excludes from their limits the jurisdic-
tion of the General Government to prevent the
public lands from being entered upon by the citi-
zen, by civil or criminal proceedings, or by mili-
tary force.
Mr. McC. said that he was willing, however,
for the sake of the success of the measure, and to
I bring to a speedy termination this invasion of State
| sovereignty, to rote for the amendment ot his
1 friend from Virginia, [Mr. Bp.omgoole,] which
fixed a minimum of five cents per acre upon the
lands remaining unsold at the end of thirty years,
upon the terms of the bill, to the States in which
such lands may be situated.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON called the attention of
his colleague to the amendment he had offered,
which proposed precisely the provision which his
colleague now suggested—viz: after the land had
passed through the various gradations, it should
be given to those who chose to settle upon it, by
paying the fees of the officer.
Ml'. PAYNE (resuming) disclaimed all idea of
any imputation on the political orthodoxy of the
gentleman from Illinois, and recapitulated the po-
sition just laid down. He expressed his satisfac-
tion at the amendment of his colleague, and his
hope that it would receive the sanction of the
House; and then proceeded to refer to some of the
i advantages of graduation:
First, instead of diminishing revenue, the very
object of this bill was to increase it: First, direct-
ly from the sales of the lands; and second, indi-
rectly, by the increase of wealth and prosperity of
the western country, and the consequent demand
for imports, and bringing with them a proportionate
increase of revenue, receivable through the cus-
tom-house.
Another advantage to which the statesman, phi-
Ill refeierce to the argument of Mr. Gordon, j lanthropist, and patriot, cannot fail to look with
minimum of <jl 25 would be continued for good
lands. These would not go below that, but the
graduations weie applicable to inferior lands. Mr.
; P. recounted and defended the graduation provis-
j ions of this bill. It was founded on principles of
| common sense, and of that stern justice which
! should regulate the action of this, if it does not of
> other governments.
his vote upon the passage of the graduation bill
had been recorded in the affirmative, whereas he
intended to vote, and supposed that he did, in the
lators, Mr. P. had no sympathy for them, and he
differed with him as to the effects of this bill upon
them. He considered the present system better
negative. If compatible with the rules of the Sen- i! calculated to favor them. The swollen purse of
ate, he would like to haie the vote corrected.
Several Senators observing that it was too late to
make the correction, the Journal having been read
and approved, the matter was passed over, and
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 9, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. McCLERNA'ND moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union (for the purpose of resuming
the consideration of the graduation bill.)
. Mr.. PRESTON KING called for the regular
the land jobber, aided too frequently by the money-
ed institutions of the country, was too likely to
monopolize the public domain, and then to deal it
out in parcels, extorting from the poor settler the
prices which he saw fit to demand.
With reference to the provision for the cession
of lands not sold after exposure to sale for thirty
years, the presumption, if they were refused for
that time (he said) was, that they were worth no-
thing—not worth giving away. But he was op- i
posed to it—to giving, or to a pretence of giving '
to the respective States of this Union. He hoped
the day would soon come when the respective sov-
ereignties of this Union would spurn all gifts, or
semblanccs of gilts from the General Government.
He was opposed to this section of the bill; and he
would suggest to the chairman of the Committee
feelings of pride and exultation is, that it would
tend to increase the number of the agriculturists of
the country. He disparaged no class or profes-
sion, yet this was the noblest of all occupations—
| the foundation of all society and of all employ-
i ments. The cultivators of the soil were the main
i reliance of the country in the hour of peril; and if
I the liberties of tlie country were ever to be trodden
, down by some ambitious usurper, the very last
resistance would be offered by hands which had
! been inured to labor at the plough. He would,
then, encourage them by all proper and constitu-
tional means.
Again, it was important to the States as a mat-
ter of revenue, by enabling them to tax the lands
within their respective limits; and also, inasmuch
as it would tend to complete and perfect their
sovereignty.
Mr. PAYNE having concluded—
Mr. SCHENCK obtained the floor. •
Mr. McCLERNAND asked him to yield for
the purpose of taking up and referring the grado-
