1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
Mr. COLLAMER (interrupting him) rose to a
point of order. He submitted that the previous
question had nothing to do with the question now
before the House. In the nature of the question,
a motion to lay on the tabic whs not debatable.
And, in the next place, he insisted that that motion
could not be postponed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, after a moment s
reflection, is under the impression that the motion
to lay on the table cannot be postponed.
Mr. COBB. Then 1 do not withdraw my de-
mand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no recollec-
tion of a case where a motion to lay on the table
has been postponed. According to the regular
order of business, as prescribed by the rules, a
motion to lay on the table is a privileged motion
over the motion to postpone.
Mr. McKAY inquired of the Speaker whether,
if the motion to lay on the table should be rejected,
a motion to postpone would then be in order?
The SPEAKER said it would.
Mr. BEJNTON asked to be cxcused from voting,
on the ground that he had an understanding with
his fliend from Michigan, [Mr. J. B. Hunt,] who
was a friend of the bill with or without the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,]
(and who, on account of indiposition, had been in-
clined to accompany some friends to the sea-shore
for the purpose of recruiting his health) not to vote
against the bill on its final passage. Mr. B. said
he had without reflection voted for the motion to
lay on the table, and would have recalled that vote,
if he could have done so consistently with the
rules. He had not voted on the motion to recon-
sider, and the question now recurring on the mo-
tion to lay on the table, he felt it due to his friend
to make this statement, and to ask to be excused
from voting.
The House refused to excuse Mr. B.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the leour-
ring motion, that the bill and amendment be laid
on the table, and, being taken, resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams, Arnold,
liarriuger, Bell, Benton, Bianchard, Bzodhead, M. Biown,
Butfington, William W. Campbell, John H CoiupbelJ, Car-
roll, John G. Chapman, Cocke, Collamer, Cianston, Orozier,
Culver, Garrett Davis, Delano, De MotL Dillingham, Dixon,
Dockery, Ellsworth, Erdman, John H. Ewing, Edwin II.
Ewing, Foot, Garvin, Gentry, Giddirigs, Goodyear, Gordon,
Graham, Gnder, Gnnnell, Grover, Hampton, TTaiper, Etias
B. Holmes, J. \V. Houston, S. I). Ilubbaid, Hstdron, W^h-
injrton Tlnnt, J. R. Insersoll, Jenkins, I). P. King. Piston
King, T. B. Kins, Leib, Lewis, Lous, MoCJe.m. M< Hen-
ry, Mcllvame, Marsh, Millet, Mosclry, Niven. Pendleton,
Ramsey, Rathbun, llittei, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rock-
well, Root, Schenck, Seveiane^, Truman ^nufli, Albeit
Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Strohm, Syke-<, James Thomp-
son, Tildon, Toombs, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, Wheaton,
White, Wilmot, Winthiop, Woodiuff, Young, and Yos>t
—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bayly, Bed-
inger, Jame« A. Black, Bowlm, Bo\d, Biockenbroujjh, W.
G. Brown, Buit, Catheart, Auyu>tus A Chapman, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Cullom, Cun-
ningham, Daniel, Daigan, Dobbin, Douglass, Diom^oole,
Dunlap, Far.™, Fieklin, Fries, Giles, Ilamhn, Haralson,
JIarmanson, Henley, Hope, Hopkins, Hough, George S.
Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Hunter,Chailes J. Jnsr^isoll,
James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, G.
W. Jones, Kaufman, Leake, LaSere, Lumpkin, Maelav,
McClelland, McC'leruand, McConnell, Me Crate, Joseph J.
McDowell, James MeDovvcIl, McGaughey, Mt Kay, John P.
Martin, Baikley Martin, Morris, Monlton, Noin^, Owen,
Panish, Pavne, Perrill, Phelps, Pill>biiry,Re!d, Relfc, 1thett,
Roberts, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Seammon, Seddon, Leonard XI.
Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, C. B. Smith. Robert Smith,
Stanton, Starkweather, Stiong, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts,
Tredway, Went worth. Wick, Williams, and Woodward
—93.
So the House decided that the bill and amend-
ment should not be laid oil the table.
The question then recurred on the demand of
Mr. Cobb for the previous question.
Mr. DANIEL rose and asked Mr. COBB to
•withdraw liis demand for the previous question.
Mr. COBB inquired of Mr. DANIEL for what
purpose ?
Mr. DANIEL. To enable me to move that
the House proceed to the consideration of the pri-
vate calendar.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw the demand.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. DANIEL thereupon submited his motion.
Mr. PAYNE desired that certain hills on the
speaker's table should be taken up and disposed
^uestion was teken. first on the motion of
Mr. Daniel, and decided in the affirmative.
So the House passed to the consideration of the
private calendar.
The bills which have heretofore passed through
the Committee of the Whole, and now remain on
the Speaker's table, were first in order.
The bill for the relief of Sheldon B. Hays was
ordered to be engrossed, and was read the third
time and passed.
The bill for the relief of Sellers and Pennock
was read, and after being; opposed by Mi*. HOP-
KINS and Mr. BARKLEY MARTIN, and advo-
cated by Mr. McILVAlNE, was postponed to
some other day.
The bill to pay to Abraham Hoorbach the
amount of a draft drawn by James Reeside in 1836,
then a great mail contractor in the Post Office De-
partment, and accepted by the department and
duly protested for non-payment, was next con-
sidered; and it was read the third time, and the
question was on Us passage.
It was opposed by Mr. HOPKINS, who moved
that it bo committed to the Committee on the Post
Oilier and Post Roads. On this motion a long
debate arose, m winch Messrs. FOSTER and
DARRAGH advocated the. bill, and it was farther
opposed by Messrs. HOPKINS and ADAMS, of
Mississippi.
The motion to commit was lost: Ayes 55, noes
G5.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the bill be postponed
until next Friday, Lost.
And the question was put by yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, and it was passed: Yeas
70, nays 58.
The bill for the. relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Cyrus Turner, deceased, was taken
up, and was ordered to be engrossed, and was read
the third time and passed.
The bill for the relief of Gad Humphrey and
George Centre was next read.
Mr. BOAVLIN opposed it.
Mr. BROCKENBROtlGH supported it.
The previous question was moved on the vote:
Upon it a quorum did not vote.
THE TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. McKAY gave notice that he would on
Monday next call up the hill to provide for the
issue of Treasury notes and for a loan..
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Momday, July 13, 1846.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial from the Mer-
cantile Library Association, and other literary as-
sociations of the city of New York, praying that
books, maps, charts, and other literary and scien-
tific works imported by them for the use of their
institutions, may continue to be admitted free of
duty; which was ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented additional docu-
ments in relation to the petition of Isaac Daven-
port; which weits referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. ASHLEY presented the petition of Sencca
G. Simmons, praying compensation for services
as Secretary to the Hoard of Commissioners for
treating with the Creek and Osage Indians; which
wns referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CORWIN, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Moses Shepherd, deceased;
which was read, and passed to the second read-
ing.
Mr. THOMAS CLAYTON, fiom the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, submitted an ad-
verse report upon the petition of the Trustees of
the Presbyterian church nf Springfield, New Jer-
sey; which was ordered to be printed.
The " bill for the relief of Elizabeth Hamilton,
widow of Alexander Hamilton," was read a third
time; when, the question being upon the passage
of the bill,
Mr. MOREHEAD rose and said that had he
been in his seat on Saturday, when the bill under
consideration was ordered to a third reading, his
vote would have been cheerfully recorded in its
favor.
Mr. ATHERTON" callcd for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill, and they were ordered.
Mr. SPEIGHT called for the reading of the
bill, and it was read.
Mr. ASHLEY desired to know if there was
any one present who could explain the object of
the bill, and what was to be done with the papers
in question ?
Mr. WEBSTER wished to know if, hereafter,
bills were to be put on their third reading imme-
diately after the reading of the Journal ?
Mr. SPEIGHT apprehended that in this case
they were proceeding according to the usual rule
This was unfinished-business. He was in favor
of the bill from the high respect he entertained for
the character of the venerable lady "herself, and for
the eminent services of her departed husband.
The yeas and nays were then taken, with the
following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Barrow, Cameron, Chalmers, OiJley, T-
Clayton, Onnvin, Crittenden, Davis, £>a.vton, Gieerte, Han-
egan, Houston, Huntington, .Tarnagin. Johnson of Louisi-
ana, Mangum, Miller, IVforehead, Phelps, Rusk, Speight
Uplmni, Webster, and Yulco—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen,Ashley, Athorton. Benlon. Breese,
Bright, Calhoun, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hay wood, Lewis,
McDuHic, Niles, Turney, and We&tcott— 1G.
So the bill was passed.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that said House had pass-
ed the Senate bill for the relief of Benjamin Harris,
of La Salle county, State of Illinois. Also, the
joint resolution in relation to the publication of ad-
ditional copies of the United States Exploring Ex-
pedition. Also, announcing that said House had
concurred in the Senate amendments to the joint
resolution to refund to States and individuals the
expenses incurred by them in fitting out volunteers
raised under calls from Generals Taylor and Gaines.
Also, that said House had concurred in Senate
amendments to the resolution presenting the thanks
of Congress to Greneial Taylor, his officers, and
men. Also, announcing that said House had pass-
ed sundry private bills.
The " bill for the relief of Ross "WHians," was
considered as in committee of the whole, amended,
reported back to the Senate, and the amendment
concurred in.
The question being upon ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading, the yeas and nays
were called for and ordered.
Mr. CAMERON advocated the passage of the
bill.
Mr. DAYIS opposed it; and, after the reading
by the clerk of various documents, moved that the
bill be laid upon the table; which motion was
agreed to on a call of the yeas and nays: Yeas 26,
nays 20.
Mr. CASS, from the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, moved that the bill for the relief of Com-
modore .Tones, reported to the Senate a few days
since, be recommitted to said committee; which
motion was agreed to.
The (House) joint resolution for the relief of
Sheldon B. Hayes, was read a first and sccond
time, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Oifice and Post Roads.
The (House) bill for the relief of Henry Hor-
back, was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The (House) bill for the relief of the heirs and
legal icpresentatives of Cyrus Turner, deceased,
I was read a first and second time, and leferred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
THE WAREHOUSE BILL.
Mr. DIX moved that the Senate resume the con-
sideration of the bill to amend an act entitled " An
act to provide revenue from imports, and to change
and modify existing laws imposing duties on im-
ports, and f<?r other purposes."
Mr. PHELPS stated that the gentleman from
Delaware, [iVTr. J. M. Clayton,] who was not in
his seat in consequence of severe indisposition, de-
sired to address the Senate upon the bill in question,
and he hoped that, as a matter of courtesy to that
gentleman, the warehouse bill would not be passed
m his absence.
Mr. DIX said that the bill had been delayed
from time to time, until months had gone by; and
I although he was ready to yield all due courtesies
to members, he could not consentto further delay.
The final action would not be had upon the bill to-
day, as it had not yet been ordered to a third read-
ing, but it would be necessary to perfect the bill
before it could be engrossed.
The question was then taken upon themotkm to
take up the bill, and it was agreed to.
The bill, whicfc had been reported to the Senate
