1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
gentlemen persist in telling us that because ofthe
frequent under-voluation there will be no possibil-
ity of raising a sufficient amount of revenue by ad
valorem duties. There is another argument urged
against this bill, and that is, that upon certain ar-
ticles the appraisers cannot arrive at the value.
Wines are instanced in this connexion. It is said
that no one can, from mere inspection and tasting
of wines, judge of their value. Now, sir, whether
this be true or not of the choicest quality of wines,
I cannot say. One thing, however, may be said,
the thing has not been tried. When once tried,
I hope it will be found with regard to wines, as
other articles, that if individuals have intelligence
enough to purchase them judiciously, other in-
dividuals will be found competent to appraise
them intelligently. I believe that this is the strong-
est case that can be put; and even with regard to
wines, I am inclined to think that the objection
will not be found to have any practical weight—
that if wines can be purchased with judgment,
they can also beappraised with judgment. But it
happens, singularly enough, that, under the law
of 1812, ad valorem duties have been placed on
those articles of which it is most difficult to ascer-
tain the value—those kept out of the prices cur-
rent, whilst specific duties have been imposed on
those articles of winch the value is most deter-
minate. That is the result'of an attentive examin-
ation of the subject. I will name some of these
at tides. Coarse cottons pay minimum duties;
line cottons ad valorem duties; (fine fancy cottons,
the value of which no one can tell till he sees
them;) sewing silk pays specific duty; silk mixed
with cotton or wool, the value of which is most
difficult to ascertain, pays ad valorem duty; chain
cables, anchors, castings—articles at which no
one wishes to look in order to ascertain the value,
judging solely by their weight—pay specific du-
ties; whilst cassimere cloths and linens—the quan-
tity and quality of which can be determined only
by inspection—pay ad valorem duties. It will be
seen, therefore, that this objection does not hold
^ood; and that instead of articles the value of
which is uncertain paying specific duties, as the
reasoning* of gentlemen would lead us to infer, it
is quite the reverse, the duties b.eing in those cases
ad valorem. But the general answer I made in
the case of wines will suffiec for this whole class
of articles; and that answer is this, that if any
man possesses intelligence enough, on inspection
of the aitide, to make a judicious purchase in the
foreign market, three merchants can suiely be
found, ia New York for instance, with equal in-
telligence, and able to put a market value on the
article. But if frauds are necessary concomitants
of ad valorem duties, how comes it that these
frauds have not been detected? We hear a great
deal of complaint from the manufacturers, but
from no other source. Did any man ever hear a
merchant complain of another on account of any
violation of the law under these ad valorem duties?
No. With all their means, wealth, industry,
ehaiactei, and zeal, yet they have never been able
to detect any notable instances of fraud resulting
from the ad valorem system. This I will prove
before I have done. If fraud has ever been perpe-
trated, where is the proof? It has been charged
over and over again, but so far from having been
proved, I will show that, after the most thorough
investigation—and at the head of which was a
distinguished member of the Whig party, who,
after a most laborious examination, made a report
on the subject—no case of fraud could be made
out. .Let me now direct the attention of the Sen-
ate to the result of that investigation. [The Clerk
read the following extract from House Doc. No.
212, 27th Congress, 2d session, page 209:]
'* In search of tiie-e frauds, and the mannei in winch thoy
hive ! e.*n or might be peipefiated, the commissioners have
examined tne moit intelligent and experienced meiciiants
engaged m tlv importation of foreign goods and in domes-
tic manufactures, both in New York and Boston. The in-
terrogatories put to these merchants'coveted the whole
ground of their knowledge of frauds or evasions of the rev-
enue laws; their belief m the existence ofsuch frauds; the
information which they had leeeived fiom othcis, and cir-
cumstances which might lead to tlie conclusion that such
hands and evasions had been practiced, to the injury of the
levenue or of the honest importer. Of their own knowledge,
not a single witness called has testified to any fact which
established, in any particular case or any number of ca'es,
the exi&tence ot frauds or evasions of the revenue laws,
from rumors and various circumstances ielating to the
discrepancy in price between unporters ot the same descrip-
tion ot goods, (some of these selling at a price far below
what could be afforded by others at a reasonable profit,) and
speculative opinions, all agree that frauds have been prac-
tised on the revenue, at different times, to a considerable
extent. They also spoak of the devices by which these
fi auds have been s>uceesbfu)ly perpetrated, and by which they
may he again ; but of their own knowledge they do not pro-
fess to know anything, resting their opinions entirely on
general reputation, and the course of trade, as it has existed
under their own obscivation. Many of the witnesses ex-
amined on these points are domestic manufacturers or their
agents, or merchants referred to by such manufacturers to
establish the existeuce of frauds on the revenue, in order to
place foreign commerce under the most rigid restrictions, to
exclude the foreign fabric, for the benefit of domestic goods
of the same description. It may, therefore, be fairly pre-
sumed, that if any positive evidence could be adduced to
fix the charge of fraud on any number of foreign importer
it would have been, as the door was widely thiovvn open
bvthe commissioners to the inttoducrion of such evidence.
None such, however, was adduced, and it is presumed,
therefore, that none such existed."
None, sir, " was adduced, and therefore it if? to
be presumed none existed.55 Now, I ask the Clerk
to read another extract from the same document,
page 372—the report of three very experienced
appraisers, long employed in the business in the
city of New York. [The Clerk read as follows:]
"The undersigned, late principal appraisers of the cus- !•
tom> foi the poit and district of New York, beg leave to
submit the following report, and respectfully solicit that it
may he conMdcicd as a part of their testimony, viz:
" From long and eaieful obseivauons and'examinations
of merchandise at the custom house, they are fully satisfied
that there have been no frauds of anv consequence practised
on the revenue by the uuder-valuation of cloths and cassi-
meics at their entiy—
"Because tlieie has been, in all English fabrics of that
kind,a great iimfornntvin value on the invoice prices, when I
of similar quality, whether imported by American or foreign
merchants.
<{ Bemuse most of the woollens, particulaily the middling
and lower qualities, have riot been subjected to duties ac-
cording to invoice value; but have, in most cases, been sub-
jected to increased duties through prejudice, caprice, or
false valuation, by tiiose acting as appiaisers, who were
not the legal appraisers in the New York custom-house.
c< Because thete has been no motive to undcr-value the
goods on invoice, since it was not taken as the criterion of
value on which the duties were to be computed ; and, con-
sequently, the ineichant on the othersule of the water could
not consider his invoice as a guide to the duties to be im-
posed here.
"Became neither m our official capacity nor otherwise
have complaints been made of any instances of suspcctcd
und n-valuation, cither by importers or by persons engaged
m the manufacture of domestic goods; and had there been
any bitch under-valuations, the vigilance of rivalry and
promptings of interest would have made the facts known.
vBecame, in the sales of cloths and cassimeros, when they
have been made after seizure, by consent of parties, and
without prejudice, they have rarely brought the invoice cost
and charges, even when made under the most favorable cir-
cumstances; and, in a large majority of the cases, they have
not [nought to exceed two-thirds of the custom-house valu-
ation.
Ct That there were frauds bv smuggling, committed during
tho last term of Swartwoufs incumbency, there cannot be a
doubt; but these were brought about by collusion of officers
of the customs with certain importers, and whether by under-
valuation or otherwise, the undersigned, not having seen the
goods, are unable to say.
" Wo have confined these remarks to cloths and cash-
meres solely, because no allegations of frauds in any other
descnptions of merchandise or manufactures have ever been
made by the American manufacturers, to our knowledge.
But it is due to the public to state (and we do it with great
deference and respect) that among the numerous eases of
evasions and frauds that came underour observations, when
acting as appraisers of the customs, whether by false or un-
dervaluation, or otherwise, much the greatest proportion,
both m numbers and amount, were of goods other than those
in which wool was a component part.3'
Now it seems to me that the result of this
thorough investigation establishes, in the most
conclusive manner, that the objection which we
have been considering is entirely destitute of weight.
Having, then, thus disposed of the objections as to
fraud urged against ad valorem duties, 1 feel that
I have put down the principle argument in favor
of specific deities; for I do not know that I ever
heard any individual express an opinion m favor
of specific duties, unless on the principle of the
danger of ad valorem duties. The great argu-
ment is, that, as ad valorem duties are not adequate
for the purposes of revenue, we must, of necessity, ;
be driven to specific duties. It appears to me that t
the fairness and equity of ad valorem duties alone I
entitle that system to preference. "But I am dis- !
posed to proceed still further, and show that speci- I
fic duties themselves are most favorable to fraud, i
and therefore that, for revenue, or any other pur- |
pose, they are by no means so safe and efficient as !
ad valorem duties. Gentlemen speak of specific j
duties as if they had been necessarily resorted to >
on account of the uncertainty of collecting revenue !
by ad valorem duties; and that the experience of'
the Government had led to the erasure of ad va- 1
lorem duties, and the substitution of specific duties.
Let us see with what truth this assertion is made. !
I have a list of the principal -articles on which I
specific duties are laid, with their history. It will 1
be found, on examination, that-the act of 1790
was the parent of a large-portion of these specific
duties, and that they have been increased from
that day to this, In 1816 a large number was
added, not under cover of allegations of fraud, but
no doubt to conceal the enormous duties required
at the time for revenue purposes, if you piiease,
but still much greater; and that, as to the remain-
ing specific duties, they are on those articles which
have sprang into existence, or rather into compe-
tition with English goods since the year 1816, and
have been imposed, upon the petitions of parties
who have asked for the tax for purposes of pro-
tection ; not because the ad valorem duty had been
evaded, but because protection of a particular
article was desired. The highest rate was demand-
ed, and if that was given, it could only he by a
specific duty. The following is the list to which
I refer, and it will be found instructive:
All the articles on the specific list amount to about ninety.
None of these appear to have been imposed with a view of
preventing frauds.
Nails have been specific from 1790 to the present time.
Spikes have also. Cut nails are only made m the United
States.
Steel has alsfo.
Wire was ad valorem till 1858. Iti)egan to be manufac-  
tured three or four years before that time, when a petition
for protection was made the ground of the duty.
Tacks, brads, and sprigs, made specific in 1816—no cut
tacks used or made in England, and none others of any con-
sequence are-used.
Sheet, hoop, round, split, and rolled iron, made specific in
1816 and J844, on account of domestic competition.
Bar, rolled, hammered, and pig iron were changed to spe-
ciric—the first two m 1816, and the last in 1818, for the "pur-
pose of revenue solely.
Anchors were made so high in 1816 for revenue purposes,
that the duty induced competition at liome, till the manufac-
turers asked and obtained increased protection in 1824, and
still more m 184*2.
Castings, in 1818, weie increased, for protection, from
three-quarters of a cent to one and a half; in 1824 one and a
half; and m 1812, from various rates, one to five cents per
pound.
Anvils, hammers, and chains, raised for protection, on pe-
tition, in 1824 from 20 to 56 per cent.
Brazier's rods raised for protection from 20 per cent, to 3
cents per pound in 1824, on petition of manufacturers; pres-
ent duty equal to 56 per cent.
Mill saws raised in 1824 from 20 per cent, to one dollar
each, on petition of an Englishman in Philadelphia by the
name of Milhngton. There are now four otaer manufac-
turers.
Mill cranks and mill irons both raised in 1824 from 20 per
cent, to 4 cents, per pound, for protection.
Sad irons,-in 1824, were beginning to be made, and Con-
gress raised the duty from 20 per cent, to 2| cents per pound;
equal to 87 per cent.
Manufaetiupd silks: These were free principally in 1842,
when a silk mania had oveispread the country, and a high
specific rate was imposed on the article, by the pound, with
a view to protection.
Sewing bilk: This articlc had been subject to a specific
duty for some yeais, in consequence of its hems; manufac-
tured in Connecticut, at Mansfield; a duty was imposed in
1841.
Gloves, boots, skins, paper, earpeting, hemp, glassware,
all made specific with a view to protection.
Pins, shovels, spades, &.c., were all increased to protect,
and so ot most other articles-
Now, having given this history of specific du-
ties, which is anything but honorable to them even
for revenue purposes, I go on to say, that the first
objection to them is that they increase the expense
and add greatly to the difficulty of collecting the
revenue. I am told that a very large number of the
clerks—as many as one hundred—employed in the
New York custom-house, may be—I do not say will
be—but may be dispensed with if you get this ad
valorem system established. Get rid of this sys-
tem of specific duties, and you can dispense with
the army of weighers, measurers, gaugers, and
clerks. You can also in that case dispense with a
large number of clerks in the Treasury Department,
a large portion of whom being devoted to the labor
resulting from these specific duties. You also get
rid of those most vexatious questions which come
up before our comptrollers, occupying their time
almost exclusively, to the great detriment of other
business. Thai is a fact well known. The most
difficult questions which come up before our courts
of justice connected with the custom-house business
originate in this system of specific duties. Tlie con-
tested cases arising from specific duties are ten to
one to those arising from ad valorem duties. There
is also constant danger under the specific duty sys-
tem of the officer making a mistake either in meas-
uring, weighing, orgauging. The probability of col-
lusion and fraud under this system is as ten to one
under the ad valorem system. Articles on which
ad valorem duties are imposed, in going through
the custom-house, pass under the surveillance of
the collector, naval officer, appraisers, and assist--
ant appraisers, clerks, and examiners. A con-
