1084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
much against me, because the duties were much
higher than they will be for the next five years.
The net average importations for 1837,1838,1839,
1840, and 1841, was one hundred and fourteen
millions. The average rate for 1847, 1848, 1849,
3850, and 1851, we will set down at one hundred
and fifty-four millions, which, under the present
rates of the new bill, will give an average in these
years of thirty-three millions one hundred and six-
teen thousand dollars. But out of this calculation,
as will be at once perceived, I have left out all
those causes of increased importation which I have
already enumerated—the annexation of Texas,
the growth of the country, and the abolition of the
English corn laws. In every view in which I
have been able to contemplate this measure, I am
convinced of its soundness and its utility. Very
imperfectly, as I must confess, I have endeavored
to present my views of the bill m that aspect to
which I set out by saying I would confine myself.
But I have done the best I could, considering the
shortness of the time winch circumstances placed
ut my disposal for the consideration of the sub-
je<t, and in the absence of aid from the Treasury
Department; and 1 have now only to thank the
Senate for the patjent attention with which they
have honored my remarks.
Mr. EVANS then rose and announced his desire
of addressing the Senate on the bill, but as the day
was now far ad\ anced, he would ask to be indulged
in waiting till to-morrow, and would therefore
move that the further consideration of the bill be
postponed till tweUe o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was then put and agreed to.
THE WAREHOUSE BILL AGAIA'.
Mr DIX moved that the Senate resume the
consideration of the warehouse bill, in order to
take action upon any amendments pending, or to
be submitted.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill accordingly was again taken up, the
question being upon the amendment submitted by
Mr. Revkrdy Johnson.
The yeas and nays being called for upon the
adoption of the amendment, were ordered, and,
being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Ciliey, Thomas Clay-
ton, Cmwm, Crittenden, Davis, Evans, Greene, Hunting-
ton, Jarnagin, Johnson of Maryland, Mangum, Miller,
Moiehodit, Niles, Simmons, Sturgeon, Upham, and Wood-
1)1 !'!lfp—
\'AYfl —Alien, Ashley, Atherfon, Ra<rby, Benton,
Ru^ht, Calhoun, C.i^.Chiilmei-s,Dickinson, Div," Fairlield,
IJ.uwond. Ilou-ton, Johnson of Louisiana,
L-uvi?,' Peunj bicker, Uus>k, Speight, Turney,
Wehstoi, We&tcott, and Yuh>e—25.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MILLER submitted an amendment, which
was agreed to.
No further amendments being submitted, the
bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE WESTERN RIVERS.
The " bill to provide for the improvementof the
navigation of the rivers Ohio, Mississippi, and
Arkansas," was taken up for consideration.
Mr. CALHOUN moved that the bill be laid
upon the table, as a bill recently reported by him
from a selcct committee would cover the whole
subject.
Jitr. CRITTENDEN suggested that the bill
reported by the gentleman from South Carolina
might not pass during the present session, and
expressed the hope that action would be had upon
the bill under consideration, as it was a familiar
subject which would require but little time for
consideration.
Mr. CALHOUN withdrew his motion.
The bill had been referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals, and reported back with sundry
amendments, which were agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. CALHOUN moved to amend the bill by
adding the two following sections, being the two
first sections of the bill reported by Mr. C. from
the select committee to whom was referred the
memorial of the Memphis Convention:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Uniced States of Jlmetica in Congress assembled, That
tiie President of the United States be, and he is hereby,
Jluthorized to appoint a board of engineers, consisting of
three, one to be of the corps of engineers, and the other two
to be civil engineers, whose duty it shall be to make, under
the direction of the Secretary of War, a careful examma-
tion and survey of the Mississippi, including its principal
tnbutauos, and to report their opinion in detail to him, as
to the present condition of its navigation; the character of
the ob>tmcnons which endanger oi impede it; to what ex-
tent they may be removed; what would be the effect of their
lemoval in lessening the hazard to which they are exposed,
and increasing its safety and expedition; what measures
should be adopted for their removal; what sum it would be
advisable to appropriate annually for removing them j what
sum would probably be required to keep its navigation in
good condition after they are removed; and what measures
should be adopted to insure an efficient and economical ex-
penditure of the moncv which may be appropriated for the
improvement of its navigation.
Sec. % And be it further enacted, That the two civil engi-
neers shall be each paid for his services at the rate of $2,000
per annum, m full of all charges; and that the sum of §5,000
be, and is hereby, appropriated to pay the expense inci-
dental to the examination arid survey of the board.
Mr. JARNAGIN had no objection to the latter
amendment as a substitute for the original bill, but
as an amendment of said bill, he thought that it
would make confusion. He did not consider it
regular to first pass appropriations for the improve-
ment of certain tributaries of the Mississippi, and
then pass an enactment appointing a board of en-
gineers to make examination of said waters, with
a view to the improvement of-their navigation.
Mr. HANNEGAN hoped that the amendment
would be withdrawn, as he feared that passing it
now might defeat the entire measure. Mr. H.
alluded, in strong terms, to the importance of the
"Wabash and other western rivers, and the neglect
by the Government to take the proper steps for
their improvement.
Senators MOREHEAD and CRITTENDEN
expressed themselves in favor of the amendment.
Mr. ALLEN expressed his views in opposition
to the amendment.
Mr. JARNAGIN said he would vote for the
amendment offered by the gentleman from South
Carolina, and would then move to amend the bill
further.
Mr. BAGBY expressed his intention to vote for
the amendment, giving his reasons for such vote;
which, however, were not distinctly heard by the
reporter.
Mr. DIX stated that the river and harbor ap-
propriation bill, which had passed the House of
Representatives, contained provisions for some of
the improvements now asked for. "
After some further remarks by Mr. HANNE-
GAN, the question was taken on the adoption of
Mr. Calhoun's amendment, and the same was
agiecd tn.
Mr. JARNAGIN moved an amendment to the
bill, appropriating $150,000 for tho improvement
of the Tennessee river above the Muscle Shoals.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said, that if his friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Jaknagin] would withdraw
his amendment, and bring it up on the harbor bill,
he would find him (Mr. C.) an ally in his cause;
but he feared that if the amendment was passed
now, it might endanger other measures of a simi-
lar character.
Mr. HANNEGAN said that he would vote
against the amendment. It would not be proper
for him, and other western Senators, to vote for
the improvement of the Tennessee river, without
at the same time insisting upon a similar measure
in behalf of the Illinois, Wabash, and other rivers
in the same direction, which were of so much
importance to the western country, upon which
so jrreat a loss of life and property annually occur-
red for want of a paltry sum to remove the obstruc-
tions to their navigation.
After some fuither remarks by Mr. BAGBY,
the question was taken upon the amendment, and
it was disagreed to on a division—yeas 12, nays 17.
The question recurring upon ordering the bill to
a third reading—
Mr. BAGBY called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as
follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Ashley, Barrow, Benton
Creese, Bng'it, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Thomas Clay-
ton, Cnnvin, Crittenden, D.lvis, Dayton, Greene, Haimega'n,
Houston, Huntinsjton, Jarnidn, Johnson of Maryland, John-
son of Louisiana, Miller, Morehead, Rusk, Scrapie, Sim-
mons, Speight, Sturgeon, Upham, Webster, and Wood-
budge—32
NAVS—Messrs. Athcrton, Basjby,Cillov, Dickinson,Dix,
Fairfield, Haywood, Niles, Phelps, Turneyj Westeott, and
Yulee—1'2.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, no objection
being- made, the bill was then read a third time and
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 13, 1846-.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER said the business first in order
■was the consideration of the variQus propositions
pending in relation to the public printing.
Mr. OWEN, on leave given, introduced an
amendment which he proposed to offer to the grad-
uation bill.
On motion of Mr. O. it was ordered to be printed.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON. Let us receive reports.
Mr. WHITE asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed
by the Speaker to examine the accounts of the
Fifth Auditor, and the propriety- of placing the
duties of said office under the consideration and
management of the Topographical bureau, and
report by bill or otherwise.
Objections were made.
Mr. W. said he had several times endeavored to
introduce-the resolution, but had not troubled the
House with a motion to suspend the rules. But
he now made that motion.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in
order, the rules having already been suspended for
the purpose of the special order.
BUSINESS BEFORE THE SENATE.
Mr. DROMGOOLE sent up to the chair a reso-
lution, which he asked leave to offer.
Mr. BOYD proved that the consideration of the
special order (the pubh.c printing) be postponed for
one hour, in order that the committees might be
called for reports.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman" from Vir-
ginia [Mr Dromgoole] has asked- leave to offer a
resolution.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked for the reading of
the resolution.
And it was read for information, as follows;
Ordered, That a message be sent to the Senate reminding
that body that'a bill'entitled "An act to provide for the but-
ter organization of the treasury, and for the collection, safe-
keeping, transfer, and disbursements the public revenue,"
passed April 2, 1846, and communicated to the Senate for
concurrence j also, a bill entitled "An act making appropri-
ations for the civil «nd diplomatic expenses of Government
for the year ending on 30th June, 1847, and for other pur-
poses," passed May 28, 1846, and communicated to the Sen-
ate for concurrence,* also a bill entitled "Ah act making
appropriations for the naval service for the year ending the
30th June, 1847," passed June 15, 184G, and communicated
to the Senate for concuirence ; aNo a bill entitled "An act
making appropriations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the year ending the 30th June, 1847," passed May
14,1846, and sent to the Senate for concurrence; and re-
commending to the Senate the consideration of the aforesaid
bills, as of great importance.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move to amend the
resolution so as to include the bill which passed
this Xiouse a long time ago, making appropriations
for harbors and rivers.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. Is there any objection to
the reception of the resolution ?
_ Mr. WENTWORTH. Yes, I objcct unless the
river and harbor bill is included.
Mr. .T. Ti. INGERSOLL and other members
rose and objected to the introduction of the resolu 
tion.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved a suspension of the
rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
for the reasons stated by the Chair, that the. rules
have already been suspended for the special order.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to postpone the con-
sideration of the special order.
Mr. HENLEY remarked that as all the printing
was not yet executed, it would be necessary to
postpone the consideration of the special order un-
til to-morrow. And he made that motion.
.Mr. McKAY requested Mr. Henley to modify
his motion, so as to postpone the special order
until the bill authorizing an issue of treasury notes
should have been disposed of. He (Mr. McK.)
hoped that the chairman of the selcct committee
on printing would acquiesce in the suggestion.
Mr. G. DAVIS assented.
Mr. HENLEY said he hoped so long a post-
ponement would not take place. It had been said
that if the subject was not acted upon soon, it
would be lost sijjht of altogether.
Mr. McKAi suggested a postponement until
this day week.
Mr. G. DAVIS suggested until next Thursday.
