"1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1085
**'Mr. McKAY. Say Friday.
After a brief conversation,
i The farther consideration of the special order
was, on motion of Mr. McKAY, postponed until
Monday next.
BUSINESS BEFORE THJE SENATE.
Mr. DROMGOOLE now moved that the rules
•-.'fee suspended, to enable him to introduce the reso-
lution above given.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON. I shall feel con-
strained to call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. The resolution is per-
ctly respectful, and in conformity with paarlia-
mentary usage.
Mr. T1BBATTS desired the gentleman to state
■why he had left out the river and harbor bill. He
(Mr. T.) would like to have ail answer.
Mr. DROMG-OOLE said it would be perceived
that he had mentioned three appropriation bills
which ought to have passed in time to take effect
at the commencement of the current fiscal year.
The other bill was a bill passed in April last, hav-
ing relation to the great fiscal conceniK of the. Gov-
ernment, and he had, therefore, selected these four
bills as requiring immediate action. If the rules
were suspended, it would be competent for the
gentleman to move an amendment.
Mr. G. DAVIS (turning to Mr. Drohgoole)
put a question to him which the reporter could not
hear distinctly, but which was understood to be to
this effect: whether the gentleman supposed that
the Senate had forgotten, or was ignorant of the
business before it ?
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose.
Cries to order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. I am going to answer the
question of the gentleman.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON submitted that all
debate was out of order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. If the rules should be
suspended, and the resolution introduced, 1 shall
be prepared to show, by authority and precedents,
that such a message is in conformity with long-
established parliamentary usage, and cannot be
properly regarded as in any degree disrespectful
to the Senate.
At the request of Mr. D. the following quotations
are made, to wit:
(L it is nor the u.<.i;je tor one House to inform Die oilier by
what numhcis a />jI1 has pa-wod. (10 ( >'<■ /, If>0.) Yet fliey
have sometimes recommended ft bill, as of^'ieaf importune**,
to the consideration of the House to winch it is sent,"—(3
Hats. v!T>.)
" When a bill is sent by one House to the other,andis ne-
glected, they may send a message to remind them of it."—
(3 ]flats.} 25; f> &rey, 154; Jcjferson'aManual.)
In 5th Grey, 154, the following debate is re-
ported:
" Mr, Powle. T air  glad to see the inclination ofthe House
to strengthen the Protectant religion, and I hope it will con-
tinue. I move, therefore, to K'lid up to the Lords, lo put
tliem in mind of our hill of Popery, that we may give tin;
counh y vonie account of the delay of'it.
"Sir Thomas JLek. You have sent several messages to
the Iloufo of Lords about that bill, without effect. I would
move the Lords with a message for a conference, and there
pur the Lord;< in mind of it.
"Sir Thomas Ci.uioes. Nothing may be sent by mes-
sage to the Lordi but what may be done by coniereiiee, and
it i*. the more decent way to do thi-s.
*< The ftpKAKER. I would know what you would confer
about. You can take notice of nothing that the Lords have
done in their Hou>f ; and your former me^ages have not
been taken well. If it he done, the Lords may do the same
upon u-=, and it may be very inconvenient.
" A menage was sent to the Lords, (by Mi. Powle,) as
moved,1' 8cc.
Under the title li Form of messages between
Lords and Commons," in 3 Hatscll's Precedents,
pa£?e 25, the following is entered:
"On the 28th of February, 1699, the Lords send down a
bill, which they recommend to the eonsideiation of the
House as a hill of great consequence. A committee in ap-
pointed to inspect precedent^ of such recommendatory
messages, who report on the 5th Match several precedents
of similar messages! fiom the Lords and from the Commons
to thf- Lords."
And under the head of "Observations" on the
foregoing title, the following occur:
« Though it is not customary for either House to inform
the other by what numbers a bill ha* passed, yet it appears
bv a report of the 5th. March, 1099, that they have sometimes
recommended bills a<? of great importance to the considera-
tion ofthe House to which the bill is sent. It lias afco hap-
pened that when a hill has been sent to the Loids, and it
has been neglected there, the Commons have sent a mes-
s ae to remind them of it, a<?in instances of 11th April, 1716,
2.'$ May, 1721, and on the 12th February, 1722."
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The yeas and nays on the motion to suspend the
rules were asked and refused.
And the question being on that motion,
Mr. HOGE culled for the reading of the resolu-
tion; which was again read.
And the question "Shall the rules be suspended'"
was then taken, and the vote stood—ayes 39, noes
72.
So the SPEAKER declared that the rules were
not suspended.
Mr. DROMGOOLE (to the Chair.) Does a
quorum vote?
The SPEAKER. A quorum votes with the
Speaker, who votes either way, to make a quo-
rum.
So the resolution was not received.
Mr. McKAY called for the orders of the day .
Bills on the Speaker's table of the following
titles, viz:
An act granting a pension to Joseph Morrison;
An act to provide for the more effectual publica-
tion of the laws of the United States;
An act to allow to Elijah "White compensation
for servio.es and reimbursement of expenses incur-
red by him as acting sub-a^ent of Indian affairs,
west of the Rocky Mountains;
An act for the relief of Henry Eltinsr;
An act for the relief of Bent, St. Vrain, and
Co.; which bills were read twice, and committed;
and also
An act for the relief of B. Harris, of La Salle
county, in Illinois;
A resolution supplementary to the resolution of
the 20th of February, 1845, for distributing the
works of the Exploring Expedition, were bcverally
read a third time and parsed.
PAY OF VOLUNTEERS.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the amendment of the Senate to the joint resolu-
tion of the I louse to refund to the States and indi-
viduals expenses incurred by them under calls for
militia and volunteers made by Generals Gaines
and Taylor; when
Mr. PAYNE moved to amend the amendment
of the. Senate, by insetting, in lieu of the proviso
struck out by the Senate, the following:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be autho-
rized as aforesaid Jo allow and pay to said volun-
teers the same compensation to which they would
have been entitled under existing laws had they
been mustered into the service of the United States,
estimating the time from the date of leaving home
until their return thereto.
Mr. PAYNE said he would offer a few words
of explanation in reference to the amendment he
had offered to the amendment from the Senate.
The resolution passed by the Senate provides for
the payment of the actual expenses incurred by
the volunteers called out by order of Major Gen-
eral E. P. Gaines, but not received or mustered
into the service of the United States.
His amendment went further, and provides for
the payment of said volunteers such compensation
as the law now authorizes, and as they would
have been entitled to, had they been received and
mustered into the service of the United States.
Upon the justice of his amendment he had a
word or two to add. It was known to the mem-
bers of this body that the class of our citizens,
who usually patriotically volunteer in the service
of the country, are men who depend upon their
own labor for support. The call was made at
that season of the year when labor was most valu-
able. It was the season for "pitching crops,"
and those persona who wcic then called from their
homes can make no crop tins season. Under
these circumstances, nothing can he more just than
that they should be amply compensated for their
loss. We cannot amply compensate them; but
we can pay for the time lost—the compensation
now allowed by law—and it will be grossly unjust
not to do so.
The volunteers called out by General Gaines
supposed that he was authorized to make the call;
they could not, and ought not to have looked be-
hind the requisition of a Government officer.
Therefore, in obeying his requisition, they were
discharging, as patriotic citizens always will do,
the most sacred obligations to the country; and it
is for this reason your duty to pay them.
Mr. McKAY (chairman of the Committee of
'Ways and Means) briefly objected to the amend-
ment, and demanded the previous question.
To an intimation made by Mr. McKay, that
Mr. P. had moved in this matter upon his own
responsibility, and without application from any
quarter upon the subject, Mr. PAYNE remarked:
The gentleman said he had moved in this matter
upon his own responsibility, and without an ap-
plication from the volunteers interested. How
does the gentleman know what he states to be
true ? He had received various letters upon the
subject. But suppose he had moved upon his
own responsibility; had he not the right to do so?
Must every proposition emanate from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means ? If his prqpositjon
was a just and proper one, would not the House
vote for it just as readily as if the proposition had
come from the chairman of that committee?
There was a second to the demand for the pre-
vious question, and the main question was order-
ed.
Some conversation followed, in which Messrs.
TIBBATTS, PAYNE, and the SPEAKER parti-
cipated.
Mr. PAYNE asked the yeas and nays on his
amendment; which were refused
The amendment was then rejected.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL moved a recon-
sideration of the vote, and asked the yeas and
nays; which were refused.
The vote was not reconsidered.
And the amendment of the Senate, by ayes 71,
noes 44, was then concurred in.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON wished to make an
'] inquiry of the Speaker. He wished to know
i whether it would be in order for him to move to
i refer to the Committee of Ways and Means or the
H Committee on Military Affairs the subject em-
p braced in his colleague's [Mr. Payne's] amend-
ment. Mr. H. said he desired that subject to be
i brought up, but not as his colleague had proposed
|S it. He (Mr. H.) wished to see included in the
- proposition not only the volunteers called out by
:j Generals Gaines and Taylor, as proposed by Ins
; colleague, [Mr. Payne,] but also such as were
: called out and equipped themselves under the
; order of the War Department, and who were not
;; received into the service of the United States, fie
■ thought that the expenses of equipment, and other
', expenses necessarily involved in t ncir preparations
1 for such a service, should be paid, as well as for
their time, lie therefore desired to embrace all
of these points in the motion and reference pro-
posed, theieby placing all volunteers upon the
same footing.
The motion was not now in order.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the President of the Columbia
Typographical Society, accompanied by a resolu-
tion from said Society relative to the printing of
Congress; which was laid on the table.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
McKay for the orders of the pay.
A brief conversation followed.
Mr. PAYNE moved a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of offering a resolution. It was
(he said) in rcfcience to the payment of the volun-
teers not received or mustered into the service of
the United States. ITe wished to test the sense of
the House upon the subject, and to ascertain, if
possible, whether they would or would not consid-
er the question. It was pretty conclusive that no
proposition could pass this House, which did not
i originate with the Committee of Ways and Means.
| Upon that committee (continued Mr. P.) I now
! desire to throw the responsibility of defeating the
I proposition to pay the volunteers called out by
! order of a Government olHcer, but not mustered
| into the sen ice. For this purpose I move a sus-
| pension of the rules; and I ask the yeas and nays,
j (which wore subsequently ordered.)
I The resolution is as follows:
• Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
, Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
] of reporting a hill providing for the compensation
j and payment of the volunteers called out by virtim
! of the order of the Secretary of War, or by order
of General E. P. Gaines, but not received or mus-
tered into the service of the United States.
After some conversation between Messrs G S
HOUSTON, PAYNE, VANCE, and the SPEAK-
ER,
The question, <£ Shall the rules be suspended ?"
was taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Q,uincy Adams, Stephen \dams
Barringer. Bell, Benton, Biggs, James A. Black, Blancharrf'
Bowhn, Bovd, Milton Brown, William G. Brown, Buffing
ton, Burt, William W. Campbell, John H, Campbell, Catij-
