1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1087
Committee on Patents, amendatory of the patent
laws, be made the special order of the day for
Tuesday week.
Mr. H. said he was compelled to make this mo-
tion in order to ensure action upon the bill, fearing
that, in the ordinary course of business, it would
not be reached; and he begged to call the attention
of the House to the fact that the present laws
afforded scarcely any protection whatever to the
honest and ingenious inventors—the most merito-
rious and useful class of our citizens. This bill
was called for by them, and demanded to protect
their interests from the sharks who are, from de-
fects in the present laws, enabled to invade and
trample upon their rights. It was demanded, also,
to accelerate the advance of the arts and sciences,
now in successful progress of impiovement. It
was a general revision of the patent laws proposed
by the committee with great care, and with espe-
cial reference to the defects which time and expe-
rience have shown to exist in regard to the present
laws. Great anxiety prevailed among inventors
in every part of the country for its passage. He
should, therefore, ask for the yeas and nays on the
motion, so that those interested might see by the
vote who were and who were not in favor of con-
sidering this bill.
Mr. rl. made an ineffectual effort to have the
bill heretofore reported by Mr. Marsii—a bill in
addition to, and in amendment of, the several acts
to promote the progress of the useful arts—made
the special order for a certain day.
On a motion to fix Tuesday week, he asked the
yeas and nays, which were ordered; and, being
taken, were—yeas 91, nays 05.
So, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
bill was not made the special order.
Mr. WHITE made an ineffectual motion to sus-
pend the rules, for the purpose of introducing the
resolution above referred to.
The House then passed to the orders of the day.
SUSPENDED PRE-EMPTION CLAIMS.
The bill from the Senate entitled "An act pro-
viding for the adjustment of all suspended preemp-
tion claims in the several vStatos and Territories,"
coming up on its passage,
Mr. VINTON moved its postponement, with a
view to make the bill the special order for a day
certain, that an opportunity might be given to un-
derstand its contents.
Mr. VANCE inquired of the Speaker whether
an amendment would be in order?
The SPEAKER said not otherwise than as a
part of a motion to recommit.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (for the purpose of taking up the treas-
ury note bill.)
The motion, by ayes 63, noes 71, was rejected.
Mr. RATRBUN moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the "Act providing for the adjust-
ment of all suspended preemption claims in the
several States and Territories," had heretofore
been ordered to a third reading.
The question was taken, and, by ayes 71, noes
51, the vote was reconsidered.
The question then rccurring, "Shall the bill be
ordered to a third reading?"
After a brief conversation, and some suggestions,
in which Messrs. RATHJ3EJN, VINTON, and
S. ADAMS participated,
Mr. McCJLERNAND demanded the previous
question.
Mr. VINTON moved that the bill be laid on the
table.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and, being taken, were—yeas
61, nays 102.
So the House decided that the bill should not
be laid on the table.
The question recurring on the demand for the
previous question, it was taken, and there was a
second.
Mr. "VINTON renewed a suggestion he had
heretofore made, that the bill should be laid aside
informally.
Mr. BOWLIN had no objection to that course,
(he said,) if action could finally he procured on
the bill. It involved no principle; it was merely
a matter of formality.
The bill was laid aside informally.
THE TREASURY-KOTE BILL.
Mr. McKAY renewed ineffectually his motion
to go into committee on this bill; the vote being—
ayes 67, noes 75.
Mr. BRODHEAD inquired of the Chair whether
the graduation bill was not next in the order of
bills on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER had not (he said) ascertained.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the orders of the
day.
THE OREGON TREATY.
Mr. SAWYER moved a suspension of the rules,
to enable him to offer the following resolution;
which was read for information:
Resolved, That the President be requested to
communicate to this House a copy of any treaty
or convention which he may have concluded with
the British Government, if any, in relation to the
Oregon territory; also, any correspondence which
may have passed between the two Governments
on the subject of said territory; also, any instruc-
tions which he may have given to, or communica-
tions he may have received from, the American
minister at London, in relation to that subject, ex-
cept such correspondence, instructions, and com-
munications as may have been previously commu-
nicated to this House.
Mr. S. asked the yeas and nays on his motion,
which were refused.
And the question being taken, the rules were not
suspended, and the resolution was not received. i
THE GRADUATION BILL. |
The House resumed the consideration of the ;
bill to reduce and graduate the price of the public '
lands.
The pending question was on the amendment of .
Mr. Cobb. i
Mr. COBB now modified his amendment to read 1
as follows: ,
That nil of the lands of the United States which shall have j
been m nrnrkut tor ten or more than ten years prior to the
passage ot this act, and still remaining unsold, *hall he sub-
jeet to sale at the puce of one dollar pi r aeie. And all of
said hinds which shall have been or may hereafter he in
market tor fifteen or more Hum fifteen years, as aforesaid,
and siill lemammK unsold, shall be subject to sale at the
pneo of seventy-live cents per acie. And all of said hinds
which shall have been or may heicat'ter he in market for
twenty or more than twenty years, a-i aforesaid, and still
remmmns; unsold, s-hall he Milije<-f «, vale at the price of
filty cents pel iieie. And all of said ],md  which shall have
been or may heie.itlei he in innikei loi tuenu five oi more
tli.in twent\-livc ycats, us aforesaid, and ^till tem,timn£ un-
sold, shall be subject to sale at the price of twenty-live cents
per acre.
Hkc.2. Jiiul be it further enacted, That every person ap-
plying to enter any of the aforesaid lands of the United
States, under the provisions of this act, shall be required
first to make Affidavit before the register or receiver of the
proper land office that he or sho enters the same for his or
her own use, for the purposes of actual settlement and cul-
tivation by and for him or heiM'lf, or for the use of an ad-
jaceiit farm or plantation, owned and occupied by him or
herself; and that, together with said entry, he or she has not
acquired from the United States, under the provivjonsof this
act, more than three hundred and twenty ticies of land, ac-
cm ding to the public surveys thereof; and if any person taking
such oath, bv affidavit, shall swear falsely in the premises
he or she shall be subject to all of the pains and penalties of
perjury: Provided, TluU nothing herein contained shall be
construed to prevent any peison from entering or purchas-
ing the lands of the United States at the price op orie dollai
ami twenty-five cents per acre, as now anthoiized and pro-
vided by law : Jhid provided^ ttho* That the quantity of land
which Lhe 1'iesuleut of the United States shall hereafter pro-
claim and offer for sale in anyone \ear shall not exceed
thioe millions of acres. This act. shall take effect six months
from and after its passage.
Sec. H. dnd.be it further enaetcd, That all act? and parts
of acta as ptovide for an exemption f om the imposition of
taxes, upon land sold by tho United States, for live years
from and aftei the day of sale, he, and tiie same are hereby,
repealed.
Mr. C., having stated the object of his amend-
ment, demanded the previous question.
A brief conversation followed between Mr. COL-
LAMER and the SPEAKER on a point of order.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved that there be
a call of the House; which was ordered.
And the roll having been called, 173 members
answered to their names.
On motion of Mr. RATHBTJN, all further pro-
ceedings on the call were dispensed with.
Mr.°McKAY appealed to his friend from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Cobb,] to withdraw his demand for the
previous question for one moment.
Mr. COBB withdrew for the purpose (he said)
of enabling the gentleman to offer his amendment,
and on pledge that he would renew it.
Mr. McKAY said, he would not abuse the priv-
ilege granted him by his friend from Georgia, by
making a speech, but he did hope the House would
permit him to make one or two remarks in expla-
nation of the amendment he desired to offer. He
would premise by saying'that he had always been
the uniform and consistent friend of the existing
land system in this country. Your public domain
is a rich resource, belonging to the Government.
I am unwilling that any material-, radical change
shall be made in the system of administering it.
In saying this, however, I wish to be understood
as always having been equally the uniform and
unwavering friend of the principle of graduation.
I believe it is founded in natural justice. We all
know—those of us who live in the old States (to
be sure it was never my good fortune to have vis-
ited the new States) that in our States our lands
are of divers qualities. They are not of the same
; quality, and therefore will not command the same
i price; there should be a difference made, and per-
, naps the best rule you can adopt on the subject,
! applicable to the lands in the new States, by which
! to arrive at their value, is that of the time during
| which they have been exposed to sale. I am,
therefore, prepared to vote for a bill embodying
this principle. I think, however, that some of the
: propositions before the House go too far, and in-
troduce this change too rapidly and too radically.
: I thmk wc should make the experiment gradually.
! What I propose—without enlarging on a topic
! which covers so wide a field, and on which I might
i well occupy an hour, but I will not—what I pro-
; pose by my amendment, is this: that all the lands
i which, on the 1st of December next, shall have
! been offered for sale for twenty years, be rcduced
to $1, and remain at for five years; then be re-
; duced to 75 cents for another five years; and at the
end of this last time they shall come down to 50
cents, and there remain. This is merely a begin-
I nmg, to see how this principle of graduation will
' work; and if the experience of the Government,
i should prove it to be favorable in its operation,
i' then it can be enlarged. There were other pro-
, visions upon which he would not dwell. He sent
i up the following, which lie offered as an amend-
II merit to the amendment of Mr. Cobb:
: That all public lands which shall lmve been offered for
• sale twenty years or more on the first of Deeembci, ejghtei a
hundred ami torty-sit, «hall thereafter be subject to entrj at
1 one dollai per acre, tor the term of five years; all tin? beioie
i described lauds then remaining unsold shall be «nbjeet to
! entrv nt seventy five cents per acre for nnothei term or' five
vearV ; and all Mich unsold at the end of the last-Jiientiowd
, term maj he entered at f 0 cents pei acie.
fr^isc. '2. Br it fuifhcr conUcd, That the quantity of land
which tho President of the United States shall hereafter
nioelaim and offer for sale in any one \ ear, shall not excctd
3,000,000 of acres.
Sec. Ii. Jlrni be it further cnacfed, That upon every reduc-
tion m the prices of said land* which shall take place by the
graduating process of this act, the occupants or settlers
upon any ot the r*nid lands shall have the lijrlit of picdmp-
tiou at such graduated or reduced pi ices, which right shnll
extend to a period ot hv months from and after the dates at
which ihe respective graduations shall take place; and any
land not entered bv the respective occupant* or setfleis
within that peuod, shall be liable to he entered or purehaf-id
by any other person until the next graduation or reduction
m puce shall take place, when it shall, if not pievimi'-ly
purchased, be ayam subject to the light of preemption ft r
six months, as before, and so on from time to time as said
reduction shall take place: Provided, That nothing m this
| act continued f-liall be eon«tru d to interfere with any right
| which has aceiued or mav aceiue bv vntue of any act erant-
i ing preemptions to actual Kettleis upon the public lands,
i Sec. 4. slnd he it J'mthet enaefed, That all acta and paits
! of acts as provide for an exemption from the imposition of
| taxes upon land sold hy tho Hinted Suites lor five yeais
, t'jom and after the day ot s>ale, foe. and the same are hereby,
1 repealed '
| In conformity with his pledge, Mr. McK., in
j conclusion, renewed the demand for the previous
| question.
! Mr. McDOWELL, of Virginia, appealed to Mr.
I McKay to withdraw for a minute his demand.
! Mr. McKAY, remarking that the motion was
; in the hands of his friend from Georgia, [Mr.
1 Cobb]—
| Mr. COBB replied that it would give him great
pleasure, but the friends of the bill "insisted upon
j it, and he did not feel at liberty to withdraw.
i [Some irregular conversation, however, passed
| between these two gentlemen as to the prccisc pro-
j visions of the amendment of Mr. McKay.]
j The demand for the previous question was sec-
I onded, and the main question ordered, being first
! on the amendment of Mr. McKay, and next on
! that of Mr. Cobb.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, inquired if
it was now in order to postpone the bill.
The SPEAKER replied in the negative, the main
question having been ordered.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
lay the bill and amendments on the table
