THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 17, 1846.
New Series....No. 69.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the bill and amend-
ments be laid on the table.
On which motion the yeas and nays were asked
and ordered.
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
But the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred and was taken on the
motion of Mr. Ashmun, that the bill and amend-
ments be laid on the table, and the vote resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs Al)h tt, Jolm Ci. Adams. Arnold, A>li-
mun, Barnnjzer, Bell, Blanehard. Brodhead, Milton Brown,
Buflinston, William \V. Campbell, Jolm H. Campbell, John
<r. Chapman, Cooke, Collainer. Cranston, Ciozior, Culver,
<2arrett Davis, T>e Mott, TMHtngham, Dixon, Dockery, Ed-
sall, Ellsworth, Erdman, Jolm II. Edwin II. Ewmg,
Foot, Garvin, Gidding^, Goodvear, Gordon, Graham, Glider,
Grinnoll, Grover, Hampton, Hai per, Elm-J tt. Holmes, John
W. Houston, Samuel 1). Hubbard. Hudson, Washington
Hunt-, Joseph H. Ingersoll, Jenkins, Daniel P. King, Preston
Kins, Thomas Butler King, Leib, Lewis, Loner, McUlean,
JWellenry, McHvaine, Maish, Miller, Mo.scley, Niven, Pen-
dleton, ibithhun, Julius Rockwell, John A. Koekwell, Hoot,
■Schcnek, Seaman, Truman Smith, Albert Bimth, Stephens,
Stewart, Strohtn, Sykes, Thibode,mx, Jane's Thompson,
Tilden, Tmmho, Vance, Vinton. Wheaton, White, Wilmot,
Winthrop, Woodruff, Wright, Young, and Yoft—W>.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bayly. Bed-
ingei, Benton, Biggs, .fames A. Black, Bovvbn, Boyd, Brock -
enbro gh,W. G. Brown, Burt, Cathcart, Heiihen Chapman,
Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Gohb, Collin, OnHoui, ('miliums,
Cnmnnahron, I)*uuel, Daig.tn, Dobbin, Don l<ibs, Diomgoolo,
Dunhip, Furaii, Fiekltn, "Fries, Giles, Hamlin, HaraKon,
Henley, lingo, fame 13. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, George S.
Houston, Rdmund W. Ilubatd, Hunter, .lames 11. Jolm.-on,
.Tos-epb .lohm-on, Andrew Johnson, George XV, Jones, Kauf
inan, Leake, La Sere, fjgon, Maelav, MeClellnnd. MeCler-
nand, MeConnell, MeOrule, Jo-eph J. Mi'Dovvell, James
McDowell, MeKav, John P. Martin, Bark ley Miuon, Mom*,
Morse, Monlton, "Noiris, Owen,Pnvne, Pernll, Phelps, Pills-
bury, Reid, Belle, Rhott, Roberta, 'Sawyer, Senmmon, Sed-
<lon, L. H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Bobett Smith,
Stanton, Stark weather, Strong, Jacob Thompson, Thiirinan,
Tibhatts, Trod way, Wentworth, Wick, Williams, and Wood-
ward—9i.
So the bill and amendments were not laid on the
table.
The question now recurred on the motion of Mr.
McKvr to reconsider the vote by which the main
question had been ordered.
The SPEAKER inquired of Mr. McKay,
whether be persisted in that motion?
Mr. Mc.KAY replied that his object was to mod-
ify his amendment.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. McKAY. I ask it.
Objections wore made.
Mr. McKAY. Then I persist in my motion.
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, were, yeas 89, nays 5.
So the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
TtTEsriAv, July 14, 184G.
As soon as tho Journal had been read—
Mr. WEBSTER rose and said: I rise, Mr.
President, to perform the first act for which an
opportunity has been afforded me, in regard to a
subject of which I can conscientiously say that
never, in tho discharge of any duty of "Vi public
nature, did I approach a transaction or begin a
discussion with a deeper sense or conviction of
the importance attached to it, or a stronger feel-
ing of the responsibility devolving upon me as
a "member of the Senate. I am to present, with
the leave of the Senate, a petition against the bill
now before us, entitled " An act to reduce the du-
ties on imports, and for other purposes."
Notwithstanding, Mr. President, the general ex-
pectation, or rather the frequently repeated decla-
ration that thj new Administration would think
it one of its duties to repeal or greatly to mqdify
the act of 1842; notwithstanding the frequent com-
munications on the subject from the Executive
Chief Magistrate, in his Inaugural Address and in
his Annual Message; and notwithstanding all the
expressions of apprehension which those opposed
to the election of the present Chief Magistrate dis-
tinctly and strongly made during the pendency of
the election; notwithstanding, too, the long period
69
during which the bill has been under consideration
in the other House, and the late hour of the ses-
sion at which it made its appearance here; not-
withstanding all these circumstances, and notwith-
standing that the country had, I admit, the full
means of knowing and should have taken notice,1
of its progress accordingly; notwithstanding that
the country, I admit, was put upon its prepara-
tion, and ought to have made that preparation, yet
the fact is now unquestionable that the appearance
of this bill in this IJousc, with the prospect of its
passing into a law, has taken the country by sur-
prise, and, as stated in the paper which I am about
to present to the Senate, it is beginning to produce
consternation and alarm. Sir, it has not been ex-
pected anywhere, from the Potomac to the Penob-
scot, that a bill, founded upon the principles upon
which this bill is founded, and containing the pro-
visions which this bill contains, could possibly re-
ceive tho sanction of Congtess. The people were
unbelieving, and therefore thoy arc taken by sur-
prise. Kir, it is not my purpose now to enter into
a discussion either of the principles of this bill or
of its provisions; but if my health holds nut, under
this broiling sun, it is niv purpose, at a proper
time, to discharge what I think to be mv dutv, by
a thorough examination of the principles of the
bill, as well as a thorough examination of all lis
details. I propose to do this, Mr. President, with-
out indulging in crimination 01 denunciation, ,md
I hope to show to the Senate and the country that
this lull, so novel, so dangerous, so vicious in its
general principles; so ill considered, so rash, end
I must say so intemperate in many of its provis-
ions, cannot but produce in the country the. most
serious and permanent mischief if it should become
a law. The bill assumes as its basis the ad valo-
rem system exclusively, and it is the first instance
in the"exisienec of this Government of tho adop-
tion of such a system.
This bill was pressed upon the consideration of
the Senate- yesterdny by the honorable Senator
from Alabama with his aci.nstomed ability and
perspicuity, as being founded on the only_ true,
principle; that estimation of
the honorable* Senator, far preferable to specific
duties. And I think the honorable Senator al-
most imputed to our forefathers, the authors of the
first law for collecting duties from imports under
this Government, fraudulent purposes; because be
seems to consider that the ends and objects of re-
sorting to specific duties from the beginning were
to conceal from the people the amount of taxes
paid by them. This is a bold proposition; and
the proposition that ad valorem duties, even for
revenue, are altogether preferable as a universal
rule to specific, duties, is a bold proposition—one
which 1 nave not heard before from tho mouth of
any public man. 1 have heard it, it is true, from
persons hanging about the custom houses, persons
of anomalous character and standing; but I do
not remember to have heard it from the lips of a
public man before, anywhere, or at any time, that
a universal system of ad valorem duties was de-
sirable in any case to be adopted.
Now, here we have it announced, at the com-
mencement of this discussion, that the principle of
this bill is the only true principle. That the bill
can be sufficiently amended by any other amend-
ments than such as touch this principle, I do not
believe. For myself, unless I shall see occasion,
or feel it to be my duty to propose or to support
amendments which go to cnange the principle of
the bill, and to restore specific duties, I do not pro-
pose to trouble the Senate with any amendments,
nor to hear me in support of any propositions to
amend.
Mr. President, it cannot and ought not to be
concealed that there has been, and there is in all
parts of the country, a strong desire that this tariff
subject should be settled upon some permanent
principle or means of justice, so that it shall not be
agitated as often as a new election occurs. I be-
lieve that honorable and honest men of all parties,
everywhere, wish this to be the case, i niay say
there have been expectations entertained by others
as well as myself—by leading gentlemen belonging
to the ranks of the majority here, who are endeav-
oring to deal with this subject in a statesmanlike
manner, who desire to modify and accommodate
this great subject or branch of our legislation so as
to establish it upon such grounds as it can stand
upon with advantage to the country. I have heard
of some such movement, and I would fain look for
it now if it were not too late; but, instead of that,
there comes a bill which I must consider extreme
in its principles, and uncertain, because untried, as
all admit, and unknown. The honorable Senator
from Alabama frankly admitted in his speech yes-
terday that he could not bring the testimony of ex-
perience in favor of a bill like this. Instead of a
nealing measure, therefore, I must say it appears
to be an extreme measure, and comes upon the
country, from one end of it to the other—I mean
that part of the country which may be considered,
perhaps, as more immediately interested; that is,
all the country fVom here to Maine—in the char-
acter of an extreme and unexpected measure, and
such mi one as the people cannot persuade them-
selves that Congress will ever pass.
It is not my purpose, sir, to anticipate the course
of discussion whieii has been already begun, and
in the outset of which the honorable Senator from
Alabama, the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
imnu , has made bis expose of the views and pur-
poses of the friends of the bill. I will content
myself to-day with listening to my honorable friend
from Maine, who is n member of the same com-
mittee; but I think there can be no more appro-
pi into time for me to present the petition which I
hold m my hand, mid which is signed by every
dry goods importing firm of the city of Boston.
If I understood correctly the honorable Senator
from Alabama yesterday, he said that ad valorem
duties had never been complained of, as far as he
knew, except, by manufacturers. Now, sir, here
is a paper, bearing, as i said, the signatures of all
the importing merchants of dry goods in the city
of Huston, drawn up by themselves, after the ap-
pearand; of this bill m the other House, which has
been sent to me for presentation here, and I will
now read it:
To the honorable Senate of the United States oj America:
The undersigned, your* memorialists, would respectfully
represent that they sire importers of foreign ffoodft into the
city of Boston, anil, as mieh, they have examined with
ahum awl consternation the bill recently passed by the
Houm' ol HepreM'iitntivefl to change, in a great measure, our
system of collecting duties on imports'.
' Should the hill relerred lo become the law of the land, we
are fully eonvinctd that we shall be compelled to abandon
our busmen into the bawl* of unscrupulous foreigner, who
have little or no rejmrd to our custom-house oaths.
From long experience wo are entirely satisfied that we
cannot compete with thi^ class where duties are based
liieiely on the ad valorem principle.
Without evprcsMiur any opinion respecting the amount of
duties which should he levied, we earnestly P av your hon-
orable hod} that the hill may he so far amended as to have
all duties made specific which in their nature can be so
arranged. [Signed by 4S tirms.J
The honorable Senator from Alabama will now
find that there are complaints, if he did not hear
of any before, against ad valorem duties; and I
believe, sir, it is the case that a memorial equally
strong and almost equally unanimously signed by
the importers of reputation and charactcr, both
native and foreign, of the city of New York, is
now in the possession of the Senate, or soon will
be. 1 may say I know of its existence, and I
wish to draw the attention of the Senate to it, for
it goes more into detail.
But what am I to do with this petition ? There
is no committee to refer it to. It is a thing before
unheard of in the history of the Senate, that a
great measure of this sort, necessarily depending
so much on detail, should be received from the
House, and carried into discussion without being
submitted to the examination of a committee. A
hill so greatly affecting the revenue and the com-
merce of the country, not to be examined even by
the Committee on Finance! When, under what
Administration, under what exigency of war or
peace, did the Senate ever before deal in this man-
ner with such a question as this? Never; never.
There seems, therefore, to be no other mode of
making the opinions of the, petitioners and the
