1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1093
millions to sixty millions. Embarrass the busi-
ness and prospects of the people of the country,
and the consumption of foreign articles must be
curtailed forty or.fifty millions. And that was the
secret of the prosperity which attended moderate
importations.
He then went into an examination of the calcu-
lations made by the opposite side of the probable
effect of the bili on the revenue. Pour-fifths of the
revenue was obtained from a very small number
of articles; and, therefore, when about to adjust a
revenue tariff, it should be with a special view to
these articles. They were not to judge of a tariff
bill-by the extent of its list. They were not to
look at the " dolls," and " firecrackers," and
"molasses," and ''pepper." No; they were to
look at the chief articles of revenue. What were
they? Manufactures of cotton, which brought five
millions; sugar, two-and-a-half millions without
molasses, molasses bringing it up to three-and-a-
half millions; manufactures of wool, two millions;
bar iron, one-and-a-half million, other descrip-
tions of iron raising it to two millions; silk manu-
factures, two millions; worsted and silks, one
million more; spirits, one-and-a-half million; man-
ufactured iron paying ad valorem duty of 30
per cent., one-and-a-quarter million; linens, one
million one hundred thousand; in all, over twenty
millions out of the twenty-six. There were a few
other articles—earthenware, spices, and manufac-
tured iron, paying specific duty—which made two
millions more. These, then, were the chief sources
of revenue—let them sec how they were affected
by this new bill styled " a revenue bill."
He could go further, but these were the great
leading articles from which revenue was obtained.
The sum total of all these losses, allowing all the
expected importation, would be $3,'705,533. That
would be the loss on the showing of the friends of
the bill. How was the deficiency to be made up,
and these two or three millions more be added,
passed his comprehension. But there were some
other articles from which an increase was expect-
ed. An increase of 25 per cent, was expected on
linens. But the bill left linens exactly as they
stood, and hence not a dollar of increased import-
ation was to be expected; and yet the Secretary
stood to it that an increase was to come. Take
the bill as originally framed—take the reduction
on linens at wlmt it stood, (about four per
cent.)—yet it was expected that the increased
consumption would be 35 per cent.! He-ridi-
culed such a fallacious expectation, based oft
such an unsound calculation. .Again* it was ex-
pected that there would-be an increased consump-
tion of articles w'hich were rival .articles. There
was. no jdttrtranWSr -made for the conflicts which
rival fabrics. He went on
to show t,he immense loss which would result from
changing the specific'duty on silks to an ml valo-
rem duty. The poorer qualities only would be
brought m, or, the superior qualities come in at the
prices of the poorer. A great increase was ex-
pected in worsted fabrics. Well, If so, that would
drive out the silks. As to wines, he readily ad-
mitted the rates of the bill would bring in more
than the present duty. Half a million more was
expected. Where they drank three bottles now,
they were expected to driAlt four—why, he did
not know, of spirits, twenty-five hundred gallons
a day was. the increase expected—enough to keep
ten thousand men all the time perfectly drunk.
That was,the great good .anticipated. He wont
through the list of the leading wines, showing (hat
as the rates were greatly increased, according to
the argument on the other side, the' importation
must be greatly diminished. He alluded to other
articles—dried fish, for instance; after increasing
the duty, it was expected- that the importation of
herrings would be increased from three thousand
to twenty-three thousand.
Mi?. HXJNTINGTON (and others) Ijere sug-
gested that as the day was now far advaticfed, the
honorable gentleman should suspend his remarks,
and defer concluding until to-morrow.
Mr. EVANS expressed his readiness to proceed
now; but would yield if gentlemen desired.
The motion to postpone the further consider-
ation of the bill till to-morrow at twelve o'clock
was about to be put, when
Mr.- LEWIS rose and remarked that he was
not at all surprised that he should have fallen into
the mistake which had been pointed out by the
Senator from Maine. He (Mr. L.) had not re
viewed his hasty calculation before presenting it to
the Senate; and as he had not seen the report of
his remarks till it appeared in the " Union" of that
morning, he had no opportunity to correct the
error. He had not made any use of his calcula-
tion—that the average rate of duty would be 21J
per cent.—or he would of course have at once de-
tected the error. So far from making it the basis
of the calculations to which the Senator had allu-
ded, he had not used it at all. If ho had, he would
have seen that 21 £ per cent, on one hundred and
nineteen millions of importations could not give
twenty-eight millions of revenue. He was confi-
dent, therefore, that the calculations of 21| per
cent, was short by two per cent.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed till to-morrow.
THE GRADUATION BILL.
The bill to reduce and graduate the price of the
public lands was again taken up, and the amend-
ment made thereto by the House of Representa-
tives was read.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved that the
amendment be referred to the committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SPEIGHT observed that if the bill was
again read, so that the gentleman from Maryland
could hear its provisions, he was sure that his
[Mr. J.'si motion would be withdrawn.
The bill was again read.
Mr. JOHNSON insisted on his motion.
After some remarks by Senators WESTOOTT,
ATCHISON, and CALHOUN,against the amend-
ment,
Mr. DAVIS moved to lay the bill upon the
tabic, and called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as fol-
lows:
YKAS—Mr^rs. Arebrr, Bartow. Cnmrron, Cillcv, T.
Clayton, J. M. Clayton, Corn-in, (Vilteiul.'it. Davis, Davtcm,
Greene, naywomlj Huntington, Jnrmipn, Manyum, Milti-i,
Moreln'itd, PtU'lfw, Stur^on, 1'|>Ikuu, ;uhI Woo<thi-nl&ro—?!.
NAYS—Me^sr*. Allen, Ashley, AteMson, Atlierton, Itnii-
by, Benton, Berrien, Hreesc, Bndil, Cnlhonn, C;^, ('1ml-
ni'-rs, Colquitt, I>i''kin-"n, I>iv, Fmitielcl, Hons
ton. Johnson of Maryland, John: on of f.flUHiuhl, L'-urs,
Nile*. IVnnvku'ker. HuM(, ^rinph',
i Ttttnev, VVtNteoU, and \ ulrc- u.
So the hill was not laid on the table.
Mr JOHNSON, of Maryland, renewed his mo-
tion to refer to the Committee on Public .Lamia;
which was sgr.e<id.*o —-i
The'Housc bill for the relief of Amos Hunting
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims,
The VICE PRESIDENT signed several en-
rolled private bills.
THE TARIFF AGAIN.
Mr. LEWIS bore took onension to say that he
should hereafter resist any attempts to lay aside
the tariff hill to take up any other business what-
ever. If the subject was to he laid by every day,
as it had been to-day, the session would be greatly
prolonged before it could be acted upon.
On motion of Mr, Mcl)UFt1'! E, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after sotvi® time spent therein, the doors were
again opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
substitute heretofore offered by Mr. McKay for the
amendment of Mr. Cobb.
Mr. RATHBUN asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH, with a view, lie said,
to have something in the nature of a call of the
House—that motion itself not being in order—
moved that the House adjourn.
On which motion be asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and, being taken, were, yeas
6, nays 153.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the substitute
amendment of Mr. McKay.
Mr. McGAUGHEY addressed a few words to
the Chair, of which the only word that reached the
ear of the reporter was " excuse."
Mr. SC1IENCK said, that as he believed no
business had intervened since the motion to ad-
journ had been decided, and as a new motion for
j that purpose would not now be in order, he would
I move a reconsideration of the vote by which the
I House had refused to adjourn.
| The SPEAKER said a motion to adjourn could
| not be reconsidered.
i Mr. SCHENCK appealed from the decision,
| and asked the yeas and nays, which were ordered,
j And the question "Shall the decision of the
i Chair stand as the judgment of the House?" was
! taken and decided in the affirmative—yeas 163,
j nay 1.
I So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
'Pile question then again recurred and was taken
1 on iuriecinsjto the following substitute amendment
of Mr. McKay for the amendment of Mr. Cobb:
ji That nil public kunW which shall have been offered for
[; sale twenty .wars 01 morn on the first day of December,
i i eighteen hundred and fortv-Mv, shall thereafter be subject to
I. entiy one flollai pet ii( it- ior the term of five years; all
j' ttu.'iu'ioie dc-riilitMl lands ihen lemaiiiing unsold shall be
' subject toenlrx at *oventy-live cents per acre for another
i, teiin of mo yeais; and all >ueh unsold at the end of tholatt
i1 mentioned u-rm may be entered at filty cent* per acre.
! Srcr. "3. *'hv! be it further enadaU That tin; quantity of
i i land which the Presufeut of the United States «liall hereafter
>j proclaim arid otVcr for sale in any one year >-hal! not exceed
t thrci* nullioiH ot'acres.
1 :Vc. «}. Jhvl be it further enacted, That upon every reduc-
, turn in the prices of said hmds which frhall taks place by
! tin" tfmduatim* pioee--of thi* act, the occupants or settlers
Tip.mi am <>t the wini laud* tdiall have tlie right of preemp-
lion at such jjuuhiated 01 reduced prices, which right ahull
c\tc nd to .i period ot six mouths from and after the dates at
j whkshthotfSfectfvcsrfftduittions shall take place; and any
| land not entered by the respective occupants or settlers
! withm that period shall be liable to be entered or purchased
i by any other person until the next {rraduation or reduction
j in price *hali take place, when it shall, if not previously
| purchased, beacaiu subject, to tue ri^htof preemption for
l| s<i\" months, a* before, ami s-o on fiom tunc to time as said
ji reduction shall take place: Provided, That nothing m this
jl act contained shall be construed to interfere with any right
! whiefi ha* accrued or may accrue by virtue of any act grant-
is nig preemptions to actual settlers upon the public lunda.
'i The yeas am! nays (heretofore ordered) were
Sj taken, ami resulted as follows:
II YHAS- -.Messrs. ^tepiien Adams, Bayly, Bedinger, Beu-
" James A Hi u-k, Bowhn, Hoyd, Nrocfcoiibrough,
W
Clm-
iliiam ( . Brown, Burt, Catheart, Augustus A. Chapman,
 a>c, Chipmaiij Clarke, Cobh, Collin, Cummins, Cun-
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Juhj J4, I84(i. I
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved, i
THE GRADUATION BILL. !
The SPEAKER announced the,unfinished busi-;
ness to be the bill" to reduce and graduate the price !
of the public lands, and for other purposes.j
The pending question was on the motion of Mr. '
McKay to reconsider the vote by which the main :
question hud been ordered to be taken. |
Mr. McKAY made a remark, which, amidst the I
confusion of the Hall, the reporter could not hear;
but it was understood to be that in deference to the
views of some of his friends, and as there appeared
to be doubt as to the power of the House under the
rules to reconsider the second on the previous ques-
tion, he would withdraw his motion.
, And he moved that there be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER said the motion for a call was
not in order, the previous question having been
ordered.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
E. Holmes Hopkins, George S. Houston, Edmund VV.
llulmrd, Hunter, James 11. JohribOn, Joseph Johnson, G.
VV, Jones, Kaufman, Preston King. Leake, La Sere, Ligon,
Maeluv, McClelland, McClernami, MeConnell, McCrate,
Joseph J. McDovv. II, James McDowell, McKay, John P.
Martai. Uarkhn M.Htin, Morns, Morse, Moulton, Norris,
Owen, Payne, Pernll, Phelps, Pillsburv, Reid, Relfe, Rhett,
Roberts, P-nviolle, lawyer, idi-aiumon, Seddon, Alexander
1). £uus, Leonaid II. Suns, Saop-on, Thomas Smith,
U. Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Strom:, Jacob Thomp-
son, Thnrman, Tibbatts, Tredwav, Vance, Wentwoith,
VVkk, Wilhurn^ Woodward, n«d Yancey—96,
NAYS—Mossis. Abbott, John" Q,uiney Adams, Arnold,
Ashmun, Baninger, Bell, James Black, Blanehard, Brod-
hotid, Milton Brown, Buflington, Wilham VV. Campbell, J,
Jl. Campbell, John G. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Cocke,
Collamer, Cianston, Crozier, Culloni, Cuiver, Garrett Davis.
Do Mott, Dixon, Dockery, Edsall, Erdman, John H.Evvmg,
Edwm II, Kwing, Foot, Poster, Gaivin, Gentry, Giddirigs,
Giaham, Grtder, (Jnnncil, Grover, Hampton, Harper, Elfaa
B. Holmes, John W.Houston, Samuel D.Hubbard, Hudson,
Joseph R. Inger&oll, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Daniel P.
KiuK, Thomas Butler King, Leib, Lewis, Long, McClean.
MeHeniy, Mcllvame, Marsh, Miller, Moseley, Niven, Pen-
dleton, Rathbun, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root,
Schenck, Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, A. Smith,
Stephens, Stewart, Strohm, Sykes, Thibodeaux, James
Thompson, Tilden, Trumbo, Vinton, Wheaton, White,
Wiimot, Winthrop, Woodiuff, Wright, Young, and Yosi—
86.
So the amendment of Mr. McKay was agreed to.
The question then recurring on the amendment
i as amended,
