1096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
against even the gratification of those gentlemen
from knowing that the representations which they
had made, and the facts and statements which they
had produced, (and with which he certainly thought
Senators ought to be made acquainted,) were put
fairly in the possession of the Senate?
Mr. SEVIER said he had seen something of the
practice which prevailed whenever a great public
measure was brought before the Senate. He had
noticed that there was generally a stereotyped pe-
tition got up and sent here to be printed, for the
purpose of influencing Senators and raising a panic
m the country; and he had seen morning after
morning consumed in discussion upon those pe-
titions. But, in addition to all this, there was a
standing rule of the Senate which required that
petions of this kind should be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing. If petitions like this were to
be exempt from the rule, they would very soon be
overwhelmed with them; they would have peti-
tions upon every item in the tariff bill—petitions
got up for the purpose of showing that the whole
country was ruined, and that the bill was directed
expressly against each man's particular establish-
ment. There would be no end to the petitions
which would be poured upon them, from this
time until the bill was finally disposed of, from all
classes of business men, asking Congress to pro-
tect their particular interests. He was tired of tins
practice; and, without intending any disrcspect to
the Senator, he moved that this petition be referred
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WEBSTER said the honorable Senator
from Arkansas must entertain a very favorable
opinion of this bill, indeed, if he thought it was
one, as he said he did, which would prove detri-
mental to the operations of every workshop in the
country.
Mr. SEVIER. I said it would be so repre-
sented; and so it would be in regard to any bill
affecting their interests.
Mr. WEBSTER said he had no doubt it was
very true; he thought the gentleman had very cor-
rectly stated the effect of this bill; and he supposed
that those who were to suffer had rather die, if they
must, showing some game; would rather have an
opportunity of showing that they had some skill
n discerning their own interest; and their Govern-
ment, being a popular representative one, they
chose to exercise the right of presenting memorials
affecting their interests, and thought tliat they hod
a right to expect from the Government respectful
attention to these memorials.
How were they to be considered > Ilow were
they to have their effect* He desired that the
Secretary should read the rule relating to the print-
ing of such documents; for he had no wish to
make a motion that would be contrary to a rule of
the Senate. [The Secretary then read the rule in
question, which directs the reference to the Com-
mittee on Printing of all questions for printing of
documents, with certain exceptions.] Mr. W. pro-
ceeded. The rule seemed to apply to this ease,
and therefore, if the Senator persisted in his oppo-
sition to the motion and in enforcing the rule, it
was of course in his power to do so.
Mr. ALLEN said a remark had very frequently
been made that the Senate had refused to refer the
tariff bill to a committee for examination. He
begged to call the attention of the Senate to the rea-
son why that reference was not made; which was,
that the committee was incomplete, and that there
was an equal division of that committee; but the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts disclosed
yesterday a still stronger reason, which showed that
there was no necessity for the reference of the bill
at all; and that reason was, that he would not stop
to examine the details of the bill; that he would
neither propose nor favor any proposition for
amendment, because his objections went to the
fundamental principle of the bill itself; that his ob-
jections to the bill were so strong that lie would not
even look into the details. Well, what was there
in that case for the committee to do, if the bill were
referred, in order to gratify the Senator, but to
report the fact, which every Senator already knew,
that the bill was founded upon that objectionable
principle—the ad valorem duties instead of specific
duties ? That was all. But the Senator seemed to
think that there was a great impropriety—a mani-
fest injustice—done in regard to this bill by not
referring it to a committee, instead of allowing it
to-take the ordinary course.
Messrs. BAGBY and WEBSTER here rose
simultaneously, and the former was first recog-
nised by the Presiding Officer.
Mr. WEBSTER then said he desired an oppor-
tunity of replying to the remarks of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Allen.]
Mr. BAGBY said he would allow the Senator
an opportunity with very great pleasure, only that
he (Mr. B.) regarded the discussion as entirely
irrelevant, and was about to call the Senator from
Ohio to order.
Mr. B. then presented the memorial of Jehiel
Brooks, late Indian agent, praying indemnification
for expenses incurred in the preservation of public
property on the Red river; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. WEBSTER. Am I precluded from re-
plying ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is noth-
ing before the Senate.
Mr. WEBSTER. There was nothing before it.
Mr. SPEIGHT then moved that leave be grant-
ed the Senator to proceed.
Mr. WEBSTER, (resuming his seat.) Oh! its
of no consequence.
Mr. R. JOHNSON then presented the memorial
of William Wilson & Sons and other citizens of
Baltimore, Maryland, engaged in the manufacture
of copper and trading in that article, praying that
raw copper may remain free of duty, or that man-
ufactured copper may be subject to a duty corre-
sponding with that which it is proposed by the new
bill for reducing the duty on imports to levy on
the raw material; which was referred to the Print-
ing Committee.
Mr. WEBSTER again rose and said: I think,
Mr. President, I am in order now. Sir, the hon- 1
orable member from Ohio has undertaken to assign
two reasons why this bill, which proposes such
an important change in the revenue laws, should
not have been referred to a committee. In the first
place, he says the committee was known to be
equally divided. " Divided" upon what ? "Divi-
ded,'1 I suppose, upon the general question of
repealing or modifying the law of 1842. But does
the honorable gentleman mean to say that the
committee had been canvassed and were found to
be " equally divided5' upon every item of this bill
throughout—upon every question of the amount of
duty between the 20, 25, and 30 per cent. ? What
is the use of a committee? To arrange details
where the principle has been established; and if
they were equally divided upon the main principle,
docs the honorable gentleman suppose it follows
that no argument, or illustration, or facts to be
adduced in the discussion, could make any three
of them agree upon any alteration of the hill in
any particular? Is that his view? But again, the
committee is said to be incomplete. Why the
place of the absent gentleman—who, I am happy
to see, has since returned—could have been filled.
It was offered to be done; it was desired that it
should be done. I am glad to see that the honor-
able gentleman 1ms returned, and I wish the bill
was before the committee. But the gentleman
from Ohio has another reason. He says I have
disclosed the reason. Sir, I am opposed to the
principle of this bill; and allow me to say the gen-
tleman misunderstood me in adding that I would
not look into the details. I mean to trouble myself
and the Senate at some length in looking into its
details. That is what I said yesterday. I certain-
ly said that I would propose no amendments, but
I also said that I would discuss the principle of
the bill and its provisions, to show that that prin-
ciple is wrong, and that those provisions would be
pernicious to the country. That was all.
Mr. DIX inquired if there was any question be-
fore. the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (emphatically,)
None whatever.
Mr. DIX then moved to take up the harbor bill.
Mr. CAMERON presented several petitions
from miners and laborers employed in the coal
mines of Schuylkill county, against the passage of
the new tariff bill. He said the persons signing
these papers were men who worked by the day or
by the ton, for a specific compensation. The busi- J
ness of their lives had been connected with the
coal operations. They were intelligent and sen-
sible men, and were necessarily acquainted with
the subject. They say that the passage of the bill
now before the Senate will destroy their business,
shut up their coal pits, and beggar their families.
These men speak of their own interests; they give
facts, and they cannot believe that the Senate of
the United States will do them this great wrong
intentionally, if its members can be made to under-
stand the subject.
Mr. C. said he was not anold man; and yet, in
his early manhood he had passed through what is
now called the coal region of Schuylkill county.
Then it was entire wilaerness^the land so barren
that scarcely a blade of grass would grow upon,
it—with but one solitary town upon the wayside;
distant many miles from another habitation. Now,
in this desert has. sprung up a city and many vil-
lages. The region contains a population of 40,000
people, all prosperous, thriving, and happy—with
school houses and churches, stores and manufac-
tories. There is now invested there over $30,000,-
000—with fifty miles of railroad, running through
the ravines of the high mountains, connecting the
different mines—with fifty miles more of railroads
running under the earth. A- railroad connects
this region with the port of Philadelphia, one hun-
dred miles distant; and at that distant point,
an average of one hundred ships a day are now
emDloyed in carrying abroad the coal which these
laborers bring from the bowels oftheearth. These
people consumed last year $961,000 worth of agri-
cultural products drawn from distant and more fer-
tile regions. They consumed also $1,758,000
worth of foreign and domestic merchandise. Of
lumber and timber from abroad they used more
than $50,000 worth, and they pay annually to the
ownei s of the mines a yearly rent of .over $300,000.
In the hope that some attention would be paid to
the interests of these meritorious people, Mr. C.
moved that the petitions be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
• Mr. McDUFFIE moved that the petitions be
laid upon the table; which was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON then renewed his motion to
refer to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SPEIGHT opposed the motion. The tariff
bill was not before the committee, and nothing
would be gained by the reference of the petition-
If the committee could, with propriety, do any-
thing to prop up the tottering interests of Pennsyl-
vania, which are now in such imminent danger, he
would certainly not object to it.
Mr. .CAMERON replied. He said he wished
the petition referred, in the hope that the subject
would yet undergo some deliberation. The bill
had been refused a reference, contrary to all the
rules of legislation. It has been urged forward
with indecent haste. While it was in the other
House, and since it came here, the Capitol had
been besieged by men holding high places under
the Government; and there seemed to be a deter-
mination to hurry it through this body with an
indecent haste, which prevented all reflection. He
had yet found no member of the body who was
willing to say that this bill was a proper one. It
was called a revenue bill; and yet no honorable
Senator would say that, if he had the making of
a bill, he would make such a revenue bill: It was.
said that manufacturers had come to the seat of
Government since the introduction of this bill. It
might be so; and had they not as good a right to
look after their interests as these high officers
of Government, who had surrounded the Capitol
with their influence to carry a measure that must
destroy the labor of the country? He trusted ill
God the day would never come in this country
when the .people of every grade would not be per-
mitted to come here, and make known, as freemeu
might, their wants, and explain their interests.
He trusted that the bill would be referred, and that
there yet would be some reflection, some delibera-
tion, before the country would be driven to the
verge of ruin.
The question was then taken on the motion to
refer, and it was adopted—yeas S4, nays 11.
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following res-
olution; which lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be requested to report a bill making an appropria-
tion for a marble bust of John Rutledge, of South
Carolina, formerly Chief Justice of the United
States, to be made by Hiram Powers, similar to
those heretofore made by authority of Congress, of
every der.cased Chief Justice of the United States;
the said bust to be placed in the Supreme Court
room.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported, without Amendment,
the House bill for the relief of Samuel Jordan.
