1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1099
Mr. DROMGOOLE suggested a doubt as to the
presence of a quorum.
A brief conversation followed.
The question, Shall the resolution be laid on
the table?" was then taken, and resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Arnold, Ashmun, Barringer, Blanc-liaril,
Bufiingtfm, John G. Chapman, Cranston, Omxier, Oarrott
Davis, Dickson, Dockcvy, John H. TSwing, Foot, Gentry,
Graham, Gnder, Hampton, Harper, Hillmid, J. R. Ingerfrol),
D. P. Kmc. Lewis, Long, McGaughov, McHonry, Marrfj,
Moscley, Pendleton, Julius Rockwell, Root, Runk, Seaman,
Albert Smith, C. B. Smith, Stewart, Strohm, TlitbodoaiiK,
Thomas^on, Tilden, Trunibo, Vance, Vinton, White, Win-
throp p.n<1 Ymm?—45.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Benton, Bigg*, James
Black, James A. Black, Cathcart, Chase, Clarke, Cohb,
Cocke, Collin, Cullom, Cunningham, T)o Motr, Dillinf/harn,
Dobbin, Droimjoolc, Dunlap, Rdfull, Eulman, Fo-tep, Fries,
Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Hopkins, Hough, G. S. Houston,
Hungeiford, James B. Hunt, Olmtles J. Tneer.-oll, Jenkins,
James H. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
P. King, Lawrence, La Sere, Lumpkin, Marlav, McOI<>nn,
McClelland, McClernand, MeConne]], Joseph J. McDowell,
James McDowell, MeKav, Barklev Martin, Mmilton, Norin,
Owen, Parrish, Payne, Rnthbim, Reid, Relfe, Rittfr. Roberts,
Russell, Sawyer, Scaiumon, Alexander D. Sim-., Simpson,
Tlios. Smith, Robert, Smith, Stanton, Stnikwenther, Strontr,
Svke-s, Jacob Thompson, TibhatK Tredwav, Wentworth,
Wick, Williams, Wihnot, Woodward, and Yost—78.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
And the question recurring on its adoption—
Mr. EWING, of Pennsylvania, moved to amend
it, by substituting twelve o'clock to-morrow, for
twelve o'clock to-day.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON demanded the previous
question.
There was a second, and the main question was
ordered to be now taken.
The amendment of Mr. Imvinc was rejected.
And the resolution was adopted.
Whereupon the. House, on motion of Mr. Me-
KAY, again resolved itself into Committee of the
"Whole on the, state of the Union, (Mr. Gordon, of
New York, in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the said hill.
Mr. TIUBATTS was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committee durimrhts hour in cor-
recting a statement made by Mr. Wick, of his
opinions on the tnrilf question, arid in reply to
some remarks made the other day by Mr. Stan-
ton.
Mr. McKAY briefly explained and defended the
provisions of the bill, it was founded (ho said)
upon the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, which he would bring to the notice o£
the committee. It wits contained in a report, made
lo the Senate on the 15th of June last, which, in
case this war with Mexico continues to 1st July,
1847, estimates that there will be a deficiency in
the treasury of $,13,587,000, and which recom-
mends that authority be given to issue treasury
notes, or resort to loans, as shall be most available
to meet the emergency,
[Mr. McK. then rend the extract, which the re-
porter has not to insert.]
-Without at all expressing an opinion (ho said)
as to the accuracy of this estimate of the Secretary
of the Treasury, the Committee of Ways and
Means are satisfied, if the war should be prolonged
beyond the present year, there will be a deficiency
in the treasury; hut they have not, in the bill they
have reported, authorised cither the issue of treas-
ury notes or the negotiation of a loan to the amount
called for by the Secretary. The committee are in
hopes—he was, as an individual—that this war
will be speedily brought to a close. He hud ex-
pressed that opinion on a former occasion, and he
still adhered to it; and he thought the power to
issue treasury notes or ncgotiato a loan to the.
amount of $10,000,000, was provision of ample
means for the prosecution of the war till Congress
assembled again in December. If it should turn
out that, the war is to be continued beyond expec-
tation, of course it will be competent for Congress
to provide other means for its prosecution. He
was fully prepared, if this war should be contin-
ued, to resort to taxation for supplies; he would
not be willing to resort to treasury notes or to loans
as a permanent reliance. _ .
Now, what were the provisions of this bill ? it
authorized the issue of treasury notes, or the ne-
gotiation of a loan, to the amount of ten millions
of dollars, the amount of each to be determined
as the Secretary shall think proper. This power
to issue treasury notes is to be exercised under the
provisions and limitations of the act of 1837, re-
ferred to in this bill. By that act no note of less
denomination than fifty dollars is to be issued;
they are to be signed by the Treasurer and coun-
tersigned by the Register; to bear interest not ex-
ceeding six per cent., the rate to be fixed by the
Secretary of the Treasury with the approbation of
the President; and after being thus regulated they
are to be used either in payment to public credi-
tors for services rendered or supplies furnished, if
they think proper to receive them, or the Secre-
tary can go into market, and upon the credit of
these notes, instead of by loan, as proposed by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. G. Davis,]
borrow money. These are the purposes for which
they are to be used, as specified in the act of 1837,
4th section.
[Mr. McKay read the section.]
lie advocated this bill, or he consented to con-
ferring this authority to is®ue treasury notes, sim- j
ply under that clause of the Constitution which I
authorizes Congress to "borrow money," and i
according to tho disposition which the Govern- !
merit ha" authorized to be made of them. It is |
only one form of borrowing money. I will not go
into the constitutional question
of millions of dollars lying idle in the treasury,
while you have been paying to the holders of this
loan an annual interest of about $1,000,000. But
on the other hand, of the 43,000,000 of treasury
notes issued between 1837 and 1843 but $400,000
now remain outstanding. Would it not, then, ha\ e
been better had we continued the use of these treas -
urv notes, which might gradually hare been ab-
sorbed by the revenue as it accrued ? There is now
1 a temporary deficiency. If the war be brought to
a speedy close, he was satisfied that it. would be a
! temporary deficiency; and that the receipts from
I the customs and the public lands after the war is
I brought to a close, would be ample not only to
: meet the current expenses of the Government, but
I to provide an adequate sum out of which these
' treasury notes shall be reimbursed. The interest
upon them is not to exceed 6 per cent.
But the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
objected that this bill furnished a Government cur-
icncy, Why, nobody could pretend to object to
it on this ground, unless he was determined to ob-
ject at all event's. These notes bear interest—no
currency bears interest; and as long'as interest is
Mr. G. DAVIS inquired if they authorized the |! payable, they can never pass from hand to hand
Government to pay the public creditors these notes, . us the circulation of the country. L hey will be
and this operation took place, whether it was bor- l: purchased, of course, by the capitalists as mvest-
rowing money, or paying off debt? ,! ments. .
Mr. McKAY considered it only borrowing i The gentleman also objected that this bill was
money. For suppose the creditor takes the notes; !i inconsistent with one which this House had prc-
lliey are made redeemable at the Tic.isury in one ij viously passed and sent to the Senate—viz; the
year after; he has not received so much money, ;l independent treasury scheme. INow there was
but he is to conic forward in one year, and then j; no inconsistency at all. It was true that that bill
rcceive the amount due lo him. The notes arc ji required, after a certain time, uiat nothing should
redeemable on presentation in one year, and then •' he received or paid out by the Government except
it is that the demand against tho 'Government is |! gold and silver; but this act was nouuco^sisteiit
satisfied.
not iri\ inti> llni !, v.ik.       -
! evidences of that debt in ell'ect for debts due to the
treasury. Alter it becomes due, the Government
The acts are not
But lie had said he would not go into the consti-
tutional question. His friend before linn, |Mr.
Gknthv,I admitted that there was no doubt about ...
the power lo issue these tieiism v notes. They bail !j agrees to pay it, as it ought to.
been resorted to by both the great parties which i1 : «nH n™ 0
divide the country at different periods of our ;
history. During the war of 181t2 treasury notes
to the amount of f.lli,000,0(H) and odd were issued.
! Krom 1H37 to 1843, <*47,000,000 and odd were is-
j sued, anil that by both of the great parties of the
! eoiinli v. .
Mr. McK. read I lie \ >motis issues making up liic
nrrrogate amount, of which some <W 4.000,000 wen-
issurif—at three difl'eient times—by the a7lh
(Wilis) Congicss.
He also read from another table, showing the re-
spective rates of interest which these several issues
|,ov-e_^08,000,000 being at 6 per cent., $4,000,000
al 9 per cent., and §1,000,000 at one per cent., Ac.
Also a table showing the different amounts out-
standing at different periods during and subsequent
to that time. The amount now outstanding was a
little over $400,000.
The issue of treasury notes and the negotiation
of a loan, he repealed," stand on the same basis,
and are only different modes of accomplishing the
snnie thing—of borrowing money. But the friends
of the gentleman from Kentucky, ill the 27th Con-
gress, attempted to supply the deficiency in the
treasury by a loan. An act was passed atithoii-
zing ft loan off 1-2,000,000 in July, 1*41; they re-
fused then to resort to treasury notes; but when
they came back the very next session, what did
they do ? They had to fall back upon these treasury
noics, which thev had previously repudiated.
Mr. G. DAVIS inquired of Mr. McK. if he did
not vote against that bill >
Mr. McKAY said he had not borne it in mind
particularly; nor had he examined the Journal.
Mr. DAVIS said lie had, and the. gentleman
voted against it.
Mr. McK AY. How did you vote ?
Mr. DAVIS in the negative,
Mr. McKAY. Then we voted together. But
all the gentleman's political friends voted for it.
i He (Mr. McK.) had shown that these treasury
! notes had received the sanction of both parties at
i different periods. Now, what is the possible oh-
! jection to them ? You cannot got the capitalists to
:j 'ioan money to the Government unless it is for a
ji long period; you tried it for tin ee years from 1841;
j you could get no capitalists to take it, unless it was
> extended to twenty years. A certain amount of loan
II wos negotiated, not redeemable before the close of
ji that time; it has brought so high a price in the
li market as not to be for the interest of the Govern-
1' ment to redeem it, although you have had a surplus
inconsistent at all; and e\ en if they were, this be-
iu^ a subsequent one, would to that extent inodiiy
the former.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS. When these treas-
ury notes are offered in payment for public lands
nr'tbr customs, will they not be receivable?
Mr. McKAY. Certainly. They aie made so
bv law .
'Mi, |V\ VIS. When so received, will not this
be a receipt of treasury notes in dischaige of Gov-
ernment dues, and in violation of the sub-treasury
law ?
Mr. McKAY, (continuing.) I think there is no
inconsistency, and I will not therefore press the
mutter. Tim gentleman himself admits that there
may be occasions when it will be piopcr to issue
treasmy notes: lie docs not deny the power or the
expediency of resorting to these treasury notes at
certain times; lie thinks the emergency which calls
for them does not now exist; I think it does. If 1
! could have had my choice, I would have confined
I the Secretary to the issue of treasury notes alone,
I anil not to a loan. The committee will observe that
j the time to which the loan is to extend will belim-
i ited to ten years, which is a very short time. I
! would greatly prefer depending upon treasury
notes to supply this d< (iciency, which is likely to
be a temporary one; and the Government will then
save the interest immediately from the time that it
is able to redeem them.
Mr. STANTON here obtained the floor, and
made sundry personal explanations in reply to
Mr. Tibbvtts.
Mr. GRAHAM briefly opposed the issue of
treasury notes, as being an evasion of the respon-
sibility of coming out boldly and negotiating tt loan,
and as an illusive and dangerous mode of accumu-
lating a debt without the knowledge of the people.
This speech of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means—just issue them now—this once
—was the old stereotyped speech, which we had
heard from year to year during Mr. Van Buren's
Administration, when a large public debt had been
accumulated in this way. He thought in public
as well as in private affairs " honesty is the best
policy," and thatthe honest mode of contracting a
debt tn an open manner should be adopted now that
the exigencies of the treasury required. He ob-
jected also to the issue of treasury notes, as it'was
so convenient a way of handing over to one Ad-
ministration to be provided for the debt contracted
by a preceding one, and as inconsistent with the
provisions of the sub-treasury. He thought it in-
