1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1101
For medical and hospital supplies, forty-five thousand five
hundred dollars;
For ordnance, arms, &c., three hundred and forty-four
thousand dollars;
For supplies, transportation, &c., of the quartermaster's
department, six million three hundred and nine thousand and
twenty-seven dollars. *
Mr. G-ARRETT DAVIS gave notice of the fol-
lowing amendment:
Jlnd be it further eitactcd, That the proper accounting offi-
cers be, and they are hereby, authorised and required to
audit and settle, upon principles of justice and equity, ac-
cording to the circumstance- of the ease, all accomm and
demands of any of the United Status aii.uiu.ttho Government
for laising any troops under any regulations of the President,
and to pay the same out of any money in the treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. McKAY had only a few words to say in
explanation of this bill. Congress had, by act of
13th May, appropriated ten millions to enable the
President to employ volunteers not exceeding
50,000. Of this sum, two and three-quarter mil-
lions was applied to the naval service, leaving
seven and a quarter millions to the army. The
Executive, under this act, determined to call out
25,000 men. He was authorized to call for 50,000;
he called but half that number—25,000. Of this
number, 5,000 were cavalry, the remainder infan-
try and riflemen. To pay the expenses of tin's
number of 25,000 volunteers, and also to provide
payment for some additional officers of the regular
army, the appointment of whom has been autho-
rized by two acts passed during thepresent session,
these sums are necessary. It was to provide pay,
subsistence, &c., for the additional oHirers of the
regular army, and for these 25,000 volunteers, up
to the 1st of July, 1847, if the war should so long
continue. In addition to this len millions appropri-
ated by act of 13th May, the appropriations pro-
posed by this bill, amounting in the aggregate, to
$11,812,015, were wanted to complete the service
of the fiscal year. If the war be brought to a
close earlier, the money of course will not be ex-
pended, but will remain in the treasury. This was
the only explanation he had to make.
[A voice. "Is this in addition to the ten mil-
lions?"]
This was in addition to the ten millions already
appropriated, (said Mr. McK.) Of that ten mil-
lions, there was applicable to the service of the
present fiscal year unexpended on the 1st of .fuly,
$4,535,000; the difference between this 4)4,535,000
and this seven and a quaitenmllions of dollars hav-
ing been drawn out for the outlay, the committee
would at once perceive that the largest expendi-
tures occur at the opening of the war. A great
many things have to be purchased—steamboats,
wagons, horses, mules, &c. The expenditures
at the commencement of course are very heavy.
Heie is the estimate of funds required, &e.:
Estimate of/uruU required b\j the tpiurtcrmusttfr^ department
for ttie no®/, fiscal year, for it forar of twenty thousand foot
and fwethowanil uuiiintcl vdhmiocn, in un net in- cumjurizt),
including the incri'dsitd expense J or the tutu sporta/wit, for-
and dcp&ta jor the regular army consequent on a state
of war.
For 2,000 wagons, at an average of $190  $'240,noo
For 10,000 horses and mules for wagon*, at. $7f>... 75y,H00
For 2,000 sets of harn<w, ui .tylO  M,000
For 4,000 mules for packing, at $40  1()0.000
For 4,000 puck saddle*, at .^15  (5u,oeo
For 400 yoke of oven, at A"25  1(),000
For blacksmiths' and other tool*, iron and othei
materials, for an army of &>,ooo men  120,000
For water transportation, including the purchase
and chatter of steameis and other \esst-N.... 1,5 0,000
For pay of a/rents, superintendents, veterinary sur-
geons, fnniers.teanWeri, hibon-r?., mechanic*,
artificers, clerk*, wagon and ioraire master,
cxprchsen, Stc., >*ay 4, 00, at .^1 f o per day each,
including sub-uftence and other necessary ex-
penses   2,l9ii,000
For rents, storage, drayage, buildut-r storehouses,
and work.-hop-s, expense, of depots, &c  600.000
For foiagc for niountet! and other volunteers, and (
for the horse-, mules, and oxen, in the trams. 3,000,000
For fuel, straw, and stationery, for volunteer  J00,000
For camp atid garrison equipage for volunteer... IHO.OUO
For contingencies of the War Department  f>fl,OPO
8.09O.QOO
ciuabtermastkr (*kner vli's office,
Washington Gdy, June, 1846.
TU. S. JESIJP, Q. M. G.
Towards this estimated amount of $8,990,000,
there are now in the treasuiy, applicable from the
appropriation of ten million dollars, $2,509,072—
leaving six million three or four hundred thousand
dollars proposed to he provided for in the bill be-
fore us. The pay of all the volunteers, and all
the expenses connected with them, were estimated
for the year at about §16,347,000. These esti-
mates are all printed, and gentlemen will find them
in the report made to the Senate; and he would
not consume the time of the committee by reading
them. This bill, he repeated, was a bill to enable
the Government to carry on the war; if the war
was ended before the close of the year, the money
Iwoud not be drawn from the treasury.
Mr. G, DAVIS (Mr. McK. yielding at his re-
quest) observed that the gentleman [Mr. McK.]
had stated in his speech some lew weeks ago,
that there was a surplus in the treasury, enough
to wage this war against Mexico. At the time
when a state of war was recognised by Congress
as existing between the United States and Mexico, I
there was a general appropriation of ten millions!
for the purpose of conducting this war. Did he ]
understand the gentleman now as intending the '
appropriation by this bill to be additional to the j
former appiopriation ? '
Mr. McKAY". I stated it distinctly. This is j
in addition. j
Mr. DAVIS. Well, then, the gentleman's i
statement was, if I recollect aright, that there was j
surplus enough in the treasury to carry on the war;
and he now states that this eleven millions and odd j
is additional. It seemed, then, that the appropri-
ations, w ould amount to about twenty-two millions
of dollars; and he thought this was a sum beyond 1
any surplus in the treasmy at the time the gentle-
man gave his opinion that there was .sufficient sur-
plus to carry on this war.
Mr. AlclvAV. The, gentleman could not have
attended to (he temarks he (Mr. McK.) made, or
he would not have fallen into the mistake which ap-
pears from his inquiry. What lie said then, was,
that it appeared by a publication made in the pa-
pers of that day, that on the 1st of July there was
m the treasuiy a surplus of about ^9,300,1)00. In
the course of his lemarks, he expressed the hope
that the war would be brought speedily toaolo.se,
wilhiu three or six months; and he said in that con-
tingency the surplus then in the treasury, amount-
ing to upwards of nine millions of dollars, would
be. sufficient to meet the demand. The gentleman
altogether overlooked the fact that he (Mr. K.)
had brought to the. notice of the House this morn-
ing that this additional appropriation was for the
jmrpose of carrying the war up to 1st July, 1847.
That u as a very di fieri nt sum of things fi om iIm!
which he had put hypnthelicullv to tile IIouhc; he
said if the war is brought to a close in a short
time the supplies would be sulficient to meet the
expenditures; but if it is prolonged to the 1st July
anybody can see that there will be a necessity for
additional revenue. If it close before that time, I
have already twice stated, the appropriations here
made will not be drawn from the treasury.
Mr. DAVIS, further continuing his inquiry*
asked, in case the war continued during lite present
fiscal year, if the appropriation of ten millions of
dollars, and this of near twelve millions of dollars,
would be sufficient to defray its expenses for that
time?
Mr. McKAY replied in the affirmative, on the
supposition that the President hunted his mil to the
present numberofvolunteers, (25,000). He had ex-
liibued the estunati s of the (Quartermaster General,
and of the head* of different bureaus in the War
Department, that $10,347,015 would be required
for the present year; and that was the estimate
which he adopted.
Mr. DAVIS thought the gentleman's estimates
would prove altogether fallacious.
Mr. McKAY. Weil, the gentleman has the
same means of judging as 1 have.
Mr. DAVIS. And it* he supposes that the ex-
traordinary expenses in addition to the ordinary
expenses of the army for the next twelve months,
will only be #22,000,000, he is as much mistaken
as when he pressed his bill for the repeat of the
tariff of 1842, as a wing financial measure.
Mr. McKAY. It is a meic matter of opinion
between the gentleman and myself. These are
the estimates.
Mr. DAVIS put a further interrogatory. This
was a bill to issue $10,000,000 of treasury notes,
or a loan to that amount. The power would no
doubt be exercised, and this $10,000,000 would be
redeemable at the end of twelve months. Now,
he asked the honorable gentleman who was at the
head of the exchequer of the country, what ways
and means he had devised or expected for the
redemption of these notes at the end of twelve
months ? The Government would owe a debt of
$10,000,000, represented by these treasury notes;
good faith, then,required that provision should be
made for their redemption when they fall due.
How, then, did the gentleman expect to redeem
these notes and discharge this debt ?
Mr. McKAY said, if the gentleman from Ken-
tucky had attended to his remarks on the treasury
note bill, he thought he would have been saved the
necessity of asking this question. He had stated
then, what he now repeated, that if, when they
reassembled here on the 1st Monday in December,
this war shall not have been brought to a close, he
was prepared, (of course he could not undertake
to say what a majority would do)—but he was
prepared to propose that additional measures—>
say, by taxation, if you choose, or in some other
way—shall be adopted, by which these enlarged
expenditures may be met from time to time.
Mr. DAVIS. If the war terminates?
Mr. McKAY''. If the war does not terminate.
If the war docs terminate, 1 believe there will be
no necessity for any change or modification in
the existing law, in ease it shall not be altered, or
in the bill which we have sent to the Senate, in
ease it becomes a law. If the war is brought to a
close within a reasonable time, 1 believe there will
be no necessity for additional means beyond what
will be afforded by cither of these law s; and, as is
well suggested by a friend near me, there will be
time enough for this Congress to determine at the
next session what it will do under the then existing
state of things.
Mr. TIIUl'MAN had a few words to say in
rcfeicnce to the amendment of Mr. Davis, the
object of which was to pay certain volunteers who
had offered their services under requisitions made
by the Government, but who had not been receiv-
ed and mustered into service, llcappioved of the
geneud aim of the amendment, but thought it not
sufficiently broad to co\er all the cases which
should bo provided for. lit- would speak of what
had occurred in Ohio, as he was more particularly
acquainted with that. The Secretary of War or
the President had made a requisition upon the
Governor of Ohio for three regiments of infantry;
it was made as soon as the bill authorizing the
enlistment of volunteers became a law. Every-
thing that took plact—the circumstances of the
country, the haste with which the bill was passed,
the haste with which the requisition was made—
everything indicated that the troops were to be
raised at the earliest possible moment. Accord-
ingly, the Governor ot Ohio issued his proclama-
tion, calling upon the people of Ohio to volunteer,
and to march to the place of rendezvous designated
by the. Secretary of War.' Under this requisition
and proclamation, three thousand and add troops
marched to Camp Washington, near Cincinnati;
and when the officer authorized to receive and
muster them into the service of the United States
came, to perform that duly, he found that there
wtre about se\rn hundred more troops than the
actual quota of Ohio. Mr. T. warmly urged the
obligation of the Government to pay these men
who had left their homes, at great trouble and ex-
pense, and had not been received into the service,
it would be monstrous to icfusc it. The moment
it was ascertained that a sufficient number had
been raised to fill the requisition, then no more
troops were raised. Tiie utmost prudence, the
utmost judgment could not have ^prevented this
difficulty; it was one of the unavoidable accidents
(if he might so call it) of war. It would be emi-
nently unjust to the volunteers themselves, and
would tend to damp their ardor, and to lake away
all encouragements for the future, to fail to make
provision for them. He hoped, thcicfore, that
some such proposition, either in the form of an
amendment, or as a substitute bill introduced from
the Committee of Ways and Means, would he
adopted by this Congress to pay these meritorious
men.
Mr. RATHBUJN" opposed the amendment. He
thought it was now time to become cool on tins
subject of the Mexican war. We had already
appropriated $10,000,000, and now this bill pro-
posed about $12,000,000 more, and he thought
they should now come coolly to consider what
expenditures were necessary to prosecute it, and
not be diverted to other objects. He eulogized
the patriotic ardor and devotion with whicfi the
volunteers had rushed to the defence of the coun-
try at its call, and vindicated it as being far above
any mercenary spirit. If, then, more had offered
