1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
themselves than the Government had called for,
and had determined to use, there was do obliga-
tion upon the Government to compensate them,
nor could it damp their ardor. He argued that
the confusion had arisen from the mistake of the
Governor of the State, or of some other officer,
and that it did not rest upon this Government: and
hence, concluded that the Government was not
required, in addition to those who had been re-
ceived and gone to Mexico, to pay certain troops
who had never been received into the service, for
pnsMh"; from one point of the State to the other.
If it was the fault of the Governor of Ohio, let
him recommend to the Legislature of that State to
make provision for their payment; if it rested
uponjthis Government, he was willing to pay them;
but there was no evidence or pretence that this was
the case.
Mr. TIIURMAN (Mr. R. yielding) said the
gentleman seemed to imply that this was the fault
of the Governor of Ohio, and to conclude from
that that the State of Ohio should bear the ex-
penses of these troops. Why (said he) these
were volunteer troops ; the Government might
have railed for them without the intervention of
the Executive; it might have sent its officers and
called them, and accepted them, without the inter-
vention of the Executive. Now, if the Govern-
ment chose, out of respect, to make the Execu-
tive of the State its agent, it is as much the act of
the Government as though it had been done by
one of its own officers.
Mr. TIATHBUN", dissenting from the conclu-
sion of the gentleman, remarked that he knew to
resist the pay of these men would be unpopular;
but he was very apt to follow his convictions,
whether popular or not. Twenty-five hundied
men were called for; and he argued it might, with-
out the least difficulty, have been so arranged by
the Go\emor, or some other officer who had charge
of the matter, so that no more men should have
offered themselves.
In the case of those who were called out by
General Gaines, supposing him to be a Govern-
ment officer, and were accepted under his orders,
he would vote to pay them every cent; because,
although to act was wrong on his part, yet the
men ought not to be condemned; they were acting
under the direction of a Government officer, ana
they should be'paid.
Mr. VINTON" gave notice of the following
amendment, which he had drawn up as a substi-
tute for that of Mr. Davis, and which he hoped
would meet the views of that gentleman, as well <
as of his colleague, [Mr. Thurman,] and of the !
House, viz: |
And that the accounts of any volunteers who actually j
organized themselves. and lepaired to the place of rendez- i
von--, and who were not received into the service of any of ;
the Ptatc undci the said regulations, be audited and settled
in the -.une way."
He argued, in rcfcrcnce to the last remark of Mr.
Ratiibejt, that these men stood on the same foot-
ing with those that were called out under General
Gaines; that they had equal reason to believe that
it was an authorized call, as in fact it was, while
that of General Gaines was not. We had for many
years been disused to making war or mustering
volunteers, and it was natural that some mistake
should be fallen into; but, he argued, upon the
Government, in all justice, should fall the burden
<i f them.
In the course of his remarks he yielded for ex-
planation to Mr. Ratiibun.
Mr. McDOWEXX, of Ohio, said he should go
for paying these men who had thus been called
out, although he admitted that the action of the
Governor of Ohio in reference to it was without
that full discretion which should have character-
ized it. He threw out some suggestions as to the I,
true boundary of Texas, adverting to the history [
of its relation with Mexico, and insisting that it j
being admitted to the Mexican Confederacy ill j
1824, with the acknowledgment on the part of that |;
Republic that it was a free and sovereign State, l.
when it refused to submit to the military despotism
of Santa Ana, and went out of the Republic, it ||
went out with all the powers it possessed upon !]
entering, and with the boundary of the Rio Grande I'
—the same as that with which we acquired Loui- j
siana from France—and which it had maintained |;
until its annexation to the United States, He ||
gave notice that at a subsequent stage of the de- 1
bate, he should enter fully into this subject. He |j
also touched upon the Oregon question, and ex-
pressed the hope that when the veil of secrecy
should be lifted from the proceedings of the Sen-
ate, it would be seen that the President had con-
tinued to occupy the same position occupied by
him in his Inaugural, and at the commencement of
this session in his Message to Congress.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, did not believe
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis,] or from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] would
accomplish all the purposes desirable to be attain-
ed. If he understood aright, volunteers have not
formerly been paid, until mustered into the service
of the united States.
Mr. BURT. They cannot be paid according
to existing law.
Mr. HOUSTON (continuing.) Ifso, it was pro-
posed to establish altogether a new principle and
policy upon this subject. He was not prepared to
do this with haste. He saw no reason for it. He
desired, if this principle was established, that they
should go further and include every other incon-
venience and expense on the part of the volunteers
which presented itself in the same equitable manner.
In his district, for instance, immediately after the
proclamation of the Governor was issued, about
one thousand volunteers had been collected in the
promptest manner to be tendered to the Governor.
After they were organized and equipped in a proper
maimer, at an expense of from two to five hundred
dollars, and were preparing for immediate depar-
ture to the seat of war, what followed ? The Gov-
ernor accepted those who were first offered, and
his district being remote from the seat of Govern-
ment, the consequence was, there was not a solitary
company from his district received into the service.
Yet, under the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio, they could not receive a farthing, because
they did not leave their homes, although their time
was taken up in preparation, and inconvenience
and expense were incurred. It seemed to him that
if those who offered themselves were paid, these
stood on the same footing, and should be paid
also. He was not prepared to say he would not go
for this proposition, properly modified in its pro-
visions. On the contrary, he was induced to favor
it. But as it was a new principle—one very im-
portan tto the Government and the people—it should
be thoroughly and properly considered before it
was acted upon. It was now before the Committee
of Ways and Means in the resolution of his col-
league, [Mr. Payne,] which was referred to them
yesterday. He hoped, therefore, action would be
deferred upon the subject until the report of that
committee was received, and they were prepared
to take action understanding^, and such as should
embrace the entire subject.
Mr. H. yielded, in the course of his remarks,
for explanation or inquiry, to Messrs. Thurman
and Thompson, of Mississippi.
Mr. HENLEY said:
Mr. Speaker: It is usually so difficult to obtain
the floor that it is more trouble to get an opportunity
to make a speech than the speech is worth when
it is made; and that is pretty much the case with
me now. But 1 have a few remarks to make, anil
will proceed briefly to the work. The facts of this
case, as stated by the gentleman from Ohio him-
self, are simply these: The Governor of Ohio, un-
der the requisition of the Secretary of War, issued
liis proclamation for the acceptance of three regi-
ments of volunteers under the late act of Congress,
and appointed their place of rendezvous at Camp
Washington, near Cincinnati. I can scarcely think
it possible that any man would have made an or-
der for the acceptance of troops without providing
against the very difficulty which has occurred in
this case. Its occurrence must have been foreseen
by any one of ordinary discernment. But if the
Governor' has done his business in this loose
manner without any sort of regularity or form, it
is an error that cannot be corrected here. It will
not do to establish so dangerous a precedent, even in
favor of these troops, brave and meritorious as they
are. Why, sir, suppose fifty thousand men had
organized into companies, and gone to camp and
they had as much authority as those supernume-
raries who did go—will the gentleman contend that
we are bound to pay them? The Governor had
authority to call three thousand. Under his call
four thousand came. He had no authority to call
the fourth thousand. They were therefore there
without authority, and cannot be paid. If the Gov-
ernor issued so absurd a proclamation as to justify
ten or twenty thousand to rendezvous in place of
three thousand, then they must look to him for the
consequences of his folly: we cannot find a remedy.
If, on the other hand, the proclamation, and the
regulations and instructions which accompanied it
were shaped and guarded as they should have,
been, to obviate all such difficulties, then the vol-
unteers were alone the wrongdoers. In neither
case' can they look to Congress for redress.
The gentleman [Mr. Thurman] asks how this
difficulty could be avoided? Let me tell him. Sim-
ply, sir, by having men at the head of your affairs
qualified to do business. I will illustrate it. The
order from the War Department went out to Ohio
and Indiana at the same time for an equal num-
ber of troops—three thousand from each State.
Indiana is the farthest off", and our Governor was
absent when the requisition reached our capital;
so that Ohio had actually several days the start of
us. But Governor Whitcomb, so soop as the
news reached him, immediately went to work like
a prudent, cautious man. He was not hasty nor
rash in anything. Some thought him slow ; and
murmurs were heard at first of the tardiness of his
movements. He, however, for a time, disregarded
the clamors of those who had no knowledge of the
difficulties of his situation, and matured well his
plans and his orders. The consequence was, that
the thing moved like clockwork. The organi-
zation of the whole number of volunteers was
effected without difficulty or dissatisfaction in any
quarter. No more troops were assembled than
were called for. We ask the Government for
no appropriation to cover our blunders. And
our people now accord to the Governor the
praise and approbation which he merits for the
ability, prudence, and skill, with which he man-
aged this whole affair of the organization of our
troops. So it should have been in Ohio; and with
similar discretion on the part of her officers, it
would have been so, and Congress would never
have been troubled with this question. Is the gen-
tleman's question answered? Does he not now see
how this difficulty was to be avoided'
General Gaines, too, has made improper requi-
sitions for troops. I am not now prepared to say
that I can vote even to pay them. If weallow
everybody to call for troops, and are bound to pay
all who report themselves ready for service, the
Treasury wiU'be exhausted before the war is half
through. There is one thing, however, which I
believe I would do in regard to Gaines's requisi-
tion, and all others who marched from their homes
and tendered their services upon invalid authority:
I would vote to pay the actual necessary expenses
of all those men in travelling to their respective
places of rendezvous and back to their residences.
This would throw a part of the burdens of those
irregularities which seem almost unavoidable at
the commencement of a war upon the country,
and part of them upon those who have suffered by
them; which I am inclined to think would be ac-
ceptable to the claimants, and would give satisfac-
tion in every quarter. I wish to be generous, sir,
to all those brave men whose patriotism and valor
had led them to the field even upon illegal author-
ity. But stem duty and necessity requires that
we shall not set a precedent which would compel
us to pay a million of men, should they choose to
turn out and march upon the common enemy in
defiance of law, or at best m the absence of au-
thority. I regret the errors which have led to this
difficulty, but cannot vote for the amendment pro-
posed.
Mr. FOOT obtained the floor.
The committee then rose and reported progress.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 16, 1846.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial from merchants
and importers of the city of New York, praying
that specific duties, instead of ad valorem duties,
j may be imposed on foreign good, and more pai-
| ticularly on silks.
! The memorial having been read by the Secre-
' tary—
! Mr. WEBSTER moved that it be referred to the
| Committee on Printing.
j I wonder (said Mr. Webster) that the honor-
able Senator from New York, on presenting such *
I a petition as this, is not a little afraid that he will
' fall under the charge of panic-malting; for 1 find ft -
