1104
THE CONGRESSIONAL $LOBE.
July 16.
A JJillJ—111 S, /llll'lli iicilll "luvii, uwivviij
hahueis, Colquitt, Haywood, Lc\vi>^ jVleDuflv, Pennj-
icker, Sevier, Speight, Wcstcott, Woodbmige, and Yu-
Mr. LEWIS moved that the resolution be laid
upon the table.
Mr. NILES called for the yeas and nays upon |
the motion; which were ordered, and, being taken,
resulted as follows;
VEAS—MesMs. Allon, Ashley, Atr-hison, Hcnton, Brccsc,
Clr " " "
backer.
lee—16,
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Atherton, Bfirrow, Bfrrien,
Bngnt, Calhoun, Cameron, Ca>s, Cilley, Thomas Chuton,
JolmM. (Tuton, Corwiu, Ctittenden, Davis, Daj ton, Dick-
inson, Dix, Ev<m>. Fanficld, Cieeno, Uannogan, Houston,
Ihintuiglou, Jamagm, Johi^on of xYInryland. Johnson of
Louisiana, Man uni, Mili'*r, Niles, Phelps, Sample, Sim-
mons, Sturgeon, Turney, Upham, and Wobster—30.
So the motion was not adopted.
The qu§stion recurring on the adoption of the
lesolution, the yeas and nays were called for, and
ordered, and, being taken, icsulted as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Aichor, Atherton, Bariow, Bfriion,
Bnjjiit, Calhoun, Cameron, C.is-, Ciliey, John M." CJayton,
Thomas ClaUon, Corwm, Crittenden, Davis, Davton,
Dickinson, Dix, Evans, Fairfield, Greene, Ilaimegan. Ilou—
k.11. Huntington, J.una<iin, Johnson of Mai\land, JjIiji-oii
ofLnuwanu, Mangnm, Millri, Niles, Phelps, Semplo, Sim-
lnoiis, Stiujifon, Turney, Upham, and WVbstci—36.
NAY ti—Ales^is. Alli'ii, Ashley, Ateiuson, Benton, BieeiP,
CltahiK-r.', Colquitt, Ilaywood, Lcm.,, MeDulfio, IVnny-
backei. Sevier, Speight, \Ve>tcotl, Woodbudire, andYuioe
~t(j.
So the Seriate resolved on their part, that Con-
gress shall adjourn on Monday, the 10th day of
August next.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. LEWIS submitted the following resolution;
which lies over:
Resolved, That until otherwise ordered, the hour
of meeting of the Senate shall be ten o'clock, a. m.
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States.]
MARBLE BUST TO JOlrN RUTLEDGE.
Mr. WESTCOTT offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to report a bill making an appropria-
tion for a marble bust of John Rutledge, of South
Carolina, formerly Chief Justice of the United
States, to be made by Hiram Powers, simdar to
those heretofore made by authority of Congress of
every deceased Chief Justice of the United States;
the said bust to be placed in the Supreme Court
room.
The resolution being read—
Mr. WESTCOTT observed that a marble bust
of cveiy one of the distinguished men who had
filled the exalted office of Chief Justice of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and who had
died, had been made by authority of Congress, by
Jnw or resolution, and the expense paid out of the
public treasury. The busts of Jay, Ellsworth,
and Marshall, were to be seen in the Supreme
Court room. Mr. W. said he had been reminded
by the clerk of that court, of the omission with re-
spect to Chief Justice Rutledge, who had informed
that a recent visit of descendants of that illustrious
man had occasioned his recollection to recur to u.
Mr. W. said it would be superfluous to refer to
the revolutionary services of John Rutledge. He
was a decided "VVhig, able, firm, and energetic.
He was in the first Congress in 1774. When the
Constitution of South Carolina was formed in J 7 76,
he was chosen President and commander-in-chief
of that State, the duties of which he filled till 1778.
In 1779 he was elected Governor of South Caro-
lina; in 1762 he was again sent to the Continental
Congress; m 1784 he was chosen Chancellor of
that State. He was a member of the Convention
that fnuned the Constitution of the United State*,
and in 1789 he was appointed by President Wash-
ington an Associate Justice of the Supreme Fed-
eral Court. In 1791 he was elected Chief Justice
of South Carolina, and in 1795 he succeeded Chief
Justice John jay as Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States, which distinguished
post he held tiU'his decease. In patriotism, in vir-
tue,in legal attainments, or in abilities, he was not
surpassed by any of the eminent men who have
o,cc€rpied that elevated station. The inadvertent
omission to pay the same respect to his memory
that had been paid to the other distinguished men
who had preceded and followed him as Chief Jus-
tice was the object of the resolution. The cost of
the bust would - probably be $800 or §1,000. It
was proposed to have it executed by a South Caro-
lina artist, Powers, the appropriateness of which
he trusted all would admit.
Mr DICKINSON. The resolution is manda-
tory to the committee. I suggest to the Senator
from Florida to make it so that the committee
make inquiry,
Mr. WESTCOTT. The resolution follows the
precedents in the previous cases.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS moved that when the Senate ad-
journ, it be to meet at ten o'clock to-morrow morn-
ing.
Mr. CRITTENDEN opposed the motion. The
motion (he said) was not in order, or, at all event's,
it must He over.
Several Senators: " Being a motion, it is in or-
der."
The PRESIDENT. The Presiding Officer con-
siders the motion in order.
Mr. CRITTENDEN desired to know if it was
in order to consider a motion to alter the rules of
the Senate until laid over one day?
After a conversation upon the point of order be-
tween Senators BERRIEN, CALHOUN, COL-
QUITT, MANGUM, and CAMERON,
The PRESIDENT again rendered as his decis-
ion, that the motion and question thereon were in
order.
Mr. MANGUM appealed from the decision of
the Chair, and submitted a few observations in sup-
port of the appeal.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, followed in favor
of the appeal.
Mr. CALHOUN said he hoped that the effort
on the other side to lay the motion over did not
indicate a disposition to spin out the discussion so
as to operate if possible against the success of the
bill. He could assure honorable gentlemen that if
it were so, they could be met by a corresponding
resistance from Ins side. He thought the motion
a very proper one. The other House had been
meeting at ten o'clock for some months; and if the
Senate would do so, the business could all be easily
disposed of before the 10th of August.
Mr. MANGUM expressed the extreme regret
with -which he had heaid such an exceedingly
offensive imputation from the Senator from South
Carolina 
Mr- CALHOUN. No imputation. -
Mr. MANGUM. It was a very discourteous
remark. Gentlemen on the opposite side might
laugh—perhaps they did not regard the matter in
the same sense of morality as he (Mr. M.) did.
He would regard it as gross personal dishonor to
be guilty of the conduct insinuated by the Senator
from South Carotina, and so his colleague on that
side of the chamber, he was sure, also regarded it.
They made the opposition to taking up the motion
now, on the ground that it would be against an
established rule of the Senate. There was no pur-
pose to spin out the debate with the view of pre-
venting an ultimate vote—none at all.
Mr. CALHOUN was very happy to hear the
disclaimer of the honorable gentleman from North
Carolina. But as to his argument, it was quite
enough to remind him that the Senate met by an
order, not by a rule—" until ordered otherwise,"
was the term.
Mr. BERRIEN remarked that the only possi
ble way in which the hour of meeting could be
changed, was bya resolution, which was of neces-
sity included in those required to lie over one day
by the rule of the Senate.
Mr. R. JOHNSON said, that he was of course
bound to believe that the Senator from South Caro-
lina meant no imputation by his remark, as he had
said that he meant none; but he confessed that he
(Mr. J.) was somewhat surprised to hear him
express his satisfaction in hearing " the disclaim-
er" of the gentleman from North Carolina. No
disclaimer was needed, and 110 disclaimer was
made. The insinuation was reprobated, and the
practicc disclaimed. He (Mr. J.) had supposed
that the Senator had known the Whig Senators
too well to suppose that they could act in such an
unworthy manner, as in a factious spirit to post-
pone action on this bill.
Mr. CALHOUN had only expressed the hope
that no such intention was entertained, and was
happy to know that it was not, from the strong lan-
guage of the Senator from North Carolina
Mr. R. JOHNSON remarked that the Senator
from South Carolina had gone farther—he had
thrown out a threat founded only on his own sus-
picion that the Whig Senators would do that which
he admitted to be wrong. The threat was entire-
ly unnecessary. He could assure the Senator that
even if he (Mr. J.) thought that by taking such a
course he could secure the tariff of 1842, and the
great interests of the country which it sustained,-he
would not adopt it; because to do so would be in-
consistent with his sense of honor.
Mr. COLQUITT wished the question to be ta-
ken at once, and insisted that there was no rule
against taking up the resolution.
Mr. MANGUM rea*d from the Journal of the
Senate for 1839-'40, to show that a decision of the
President pro tern, involving the same principle"as
that for which' he (Mr. M.) now contended had
i been given against Mr. Clay, and sustained by the
' Senate by a vote.of 24 to 8.
The question u Shall the decision of the Chaif
stand as the sense of the Senate?" was then taken
by yeas and nays, as folI6ws:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashloy, Atchison, Atherton,
Bieese, Bright.- Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Colquitt, Dick-
| inson, Djx. Fairfield, Houston, Lewis, McDuffie, Niles,
Ponnybacker, Husk, Semple, Sevier, Speight, Turney,
Wostcott, and Yulee—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Cameron,
Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden,
Davis, Dayton, Evans, Greene, Haywood, Huntington,
Jarnagin, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana,
Manguni, Miller, Moreliead, Peaice, Phelps, Simmons, Up-
ham, Webster, and Woodhridge—28.
So the appeal from the decision of the President
was sustained, and the resolution laid over till to-
moriow.
TEXAN WAVY.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill to authorize the President of
the United States to" increase the naval establish-
ment of the United States, by adding thereto the
naval establishment of the late Republic of Texas.
The question being on the amendments proposed
by Mr. Rusk, and the yeas and nays thereupon
having been demanded and ordered—
Mr. HUNTINGTON said that he believed the
question on the amendments opened the whole bill
for discussion. He objected .to the bill itself,
which went to transfer to our navy the officers of
the Texan navy, which he regarded as an evasion
of our laws providing that the appointment of offi-
cers shall be made by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. He saw
nothing to warrant this transfer in the deed of ces-
sion, in the treaty of annexation, or in equity. If
the navy of theUnited States required this increase,
he had no knowledge of the fact. Neither had he
any information of~the force of the Texan navy.
He had been told that it consisted of four vessels,
one of which was a sloop of war, two were brigs,
and one was a smaller vessel. What the state
and condition of these vessels were he knew not—•
whether they were sound and seaworthy, repair-
able or rotten, or whether they would have to be
sold^ or brought into service. But it was clear that
the incorporation into our navy of these four ves-
sels would call for no increase of officers. We
have now 67 captains, to which it was proposed
to add one; we have 97 commanders, and it is pro-
posed to add one; we have 326 lieutenants, and it
is proposed to add nine; we have 181 passed-mid-
shipmen, 264 midshipmen, and 36 assistant-sur-
geons, and it is proposed to make additions to all
these. What was the number of our pursers, he
did not recollect, in the addition proposed. "We
, have in our service commanders, lieutenants, and
I assistant-surgeons enough in the regular line of
| promotion; and his greatest objection to the bill
j was, that it will interfere with the promotion of
j the officers of our navy. You overslaugh every
| commander by one who, without intending any
j disrespect, would be at least a stranger; you place
1 over him one of whom he has no knowledge, and
| so with the other officers. Was there any justice
1 in taking these officers, who have rendered faithful
! services to their country, out of the line of promo-
tion? There was one officer belonging to the
Texan navy who, as he had been informed, once
belonged to the navy of the United States, and
who had left our navy and gone to Texas; and
now that she has been admitted a State of this
Union, he is to be brought back into the navy of
the United States by transfer. Was this allow-
able? He had no acquaintance with a single officer
of the Texan navy. He could not, therefore, be
actuated by any personal objection to any; but if
these officers were to be allowed a preference over
