1108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
tionizo m another way—through the ballot-box.
He then pursued at some length the history of the
revolutionary struggle in its bearings on the busi-
ness and finances of the country. The first law
enacted by the first Congress, in 17S9, was a law
to provide revenue and to protect the business and
industry of the country. And that Congress
achieved all its objects. General prosperity fol-
lowed from that day to this—a prosperity unex-
ampled. He then contrasted the history of Canada
with the United States—the former enjoying all
the privileges of feeding England and of being
clothed by her—the latter shut out from the markets
of Great Bruain.
Mr. D. then proceeded at great length to show
the injury which, in his view, would be inflicted
upon the domestic industry of the country by the
passage of the bill.
At ten minutes before five o'clock,
Mr. DAVIS gave way to a motion by
Mr. ARCHER, that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BENTON, signifying his desire that the
Senate should proceed to the consideration of Ex-
ecutive business,
Mr. ARCHER withdrew his motion.
Mr. LEWIS objected to the laying aside of the
tariff bill until the gentleman from Massachusetts
had concluded his remarks.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House had
passed the bill making appropriations for the sup-
port of volunteers and other troops authorized to
be employed in the prosecution of the war against
Mexico (luring the year ending June 30, 1847.
Also, the Senate resolution for adjournment of
Congress on the 10th of August.]
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a re-
port from the Secretary of War, showing the
aggregate amount of appropriations by Congress
since the 1st of July, 3830, for the removal of
bars and other obstructions to the navigation of
rivers of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Aliairs.
The PRESIDENT also laid before the Senate
a further report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate in relation
to the amount of importations consumed and on
hand during the last year, under the present tariff,
and the results on the revenue of a proposed change
of the system; which was ordered to be printed.
The House bill making appropriations for the
pay of the volunteers for the year ending .Tune 30,
1847, was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BENTON'S motion to go into Executive
session was then put and agreed to.
The Senate went into Executive session, and
after some time spent therein, the doors weie open-
ed, and
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. ;
Thursday, July 16, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. ,
The SPEAKER proceeded to call for reports
from committees.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways |
and Means, reported a bill making additional ap- ,
propriations for the pay, &c., of members of Con- j
gross, and for certain minor objects of expenditure j
m the Indian Department. '
Read and committed.
Mr. McKAY also reported a bill directing the
heads of Departments to adopt such additional !
regulations as will ensure the prompt transaction
of all current business, and authorizing the trans-
fer of clerks from one dcpairment or office to
another, where they can be more usefully employ-
ed; and that no person be hereafter appointed a
clerk until he shall have been examined by tlnee
accounting officers, and reported " well qualified."
Every appointment of clerk to cease at the end of
one year, unless the head of the office in which he
serves shall certify that he is entirely competent
to perform his duties, and has performed them
promptly,well,and faithfully. The officers, clerks,
and persons employed under the legalizing act of
the 26th of August, 1842, and under the act of 17th
June, 1844, are to be continued m scrviee till 1st
February, 1847. And the President is required
to report to Congress at the commencement of next
session the number of clerks, <fcc., in the several
Executive Departments, with the nature of the
employment of each; whether the business is in
arrear; and if so, the causes of it; and to suggest
a plan for greater despatch and economy in the
transaction of public business.
The bill was read and committed.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, on leave given, intro-
duced a joint resolution, authorizing the President
of the United States to cause medals from the
trophies of Palo Alto and Resaca de la Palma to
be made and distributed; which was read three
times and passed.
Mr. KAUFMAN made an ineffectual motion to
suspend the rules to enable him to offer a resolution.
Mr. COCKE, on leave given, offered the follow-
ing resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be, and they are heieby, instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
mail-route from Bean's station, in the county of
Granger, Tennessee, via Morriston,to the mouth
of Chucky, in said State.
Mr. GRAHAM, on leave given, offered the fol-
lowing resolution:
licsolrcd. That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail-route from N. S.
Janet's, in Macon county, in North Carolina, di-
rectly by Fort Emmery, on Hiwassee liver, to
Blairsville, in Georgia.
Mr. KAUFMAN offered the following amend-
mc nt:
" And that the same committee be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of establishing a free
post office, for the benefit, of the army under Gen-
eral Taylor, and that they report by bill or other-
wise."
The amendment, by ayes 74, noes 42, was agreed
to.
And the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. CRANSTON, on leave given, presented
certain joint resolutions of the Legislature of Rhode
Island (which were not read;) laid on the tabic, and
ordered to be printed.
VOLUNTEERS AND OTHER TROOPS.
Mr. McKAY offered a resolution, in the usual
terms, providing that all debate in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on the bill
(i making appropriations for the support of volun-
teers and other troops to be employed in the pros-
ecution of the war with Mexico," should cease
this day at two o'clock.
Mr. AS1IMUN moved that the [resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. DKOMGOOLE asked the yeas and nays,
which were refused.
The question was taken, and the House decided
that the resolution should not be laid on the table.
And then the resolution was adopted.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Commit tee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Noim-us, of New Hampshire, in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
said bill.
Mr. FOOT was entitled to the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee during the hour/ His re-
marks were directed mainly to an inquiry into the
causes of the existing war-—the authoiity by which
it had been commenced, and the purposes which
it had in view. He contended that it was brought
on by the unauthorized and unconstitutional acts
of the Administration; because, whatever acts
might have been committed by Mexico, the Pres-
ident had not the right to take the subject, as he
had done, into his own hands; it belonged to Con-
gress, which was the only legitimate war-making
power.
Mr. HARALSON obtained the floor in reply
to Mr. Foot, and briefly stilted the general out-
lines of an argument in vindication of the coursc
of the President in the prosecution of the existing
war, declining to occupy a full hour of the limited
time allotted to the discussion of this bill, while
other gentlemen were desirous to speak. He could
not envy the gentleman (he said) the position he
assumed, when, after the country was involved in
war with Mexico, and when it had been recog-
nised and provision made for its prosecution, he
rose in this Hail, in the face of the country and
of the world, and told those brave and patriotic
volunteeis who had gone out in the defence of the
country, that they were engaged in an unholy,
unauthorized war, brought upon us by the uncon-
stitutional act of the President of the United States
—thus weakening the energies of the Government,
and attempting to impair the moral power of the
American cause; more especially when the gentle-
man himself,-in the very teeth of his speech, had
voted for the bill to carry on that war.
If it had been an unholy war, why had he not
attempted to arrest it by his vote, and bv a reso-
lution calling upon the President to withdraw our
troops from the territory in dispute? Granting,
for the sake of the argument, that the territory be-
tween the Nueces and the Rio Grande was disputed
territory, he referred to the repeated and long-con-
tinued efforts upon our part to bring about a peace-
ful adjustment of this and other disputed questions,
and the refusal to receive our Minister by the Mex-
ican Administration of Paredes, elevated on the
very ground of opposition to the United States, and
upon a pledge to prosecute a war against the Uni-
ted States. This being the case—war being threat-
ened—the President was bound to defend the ter-
ritory of the United States—the territory claimed
and successfully defended for years by the. Repub-
lic of Texas; and in order to effect this the march-
ing of our army to the Rio Grande was no more a
hostile act, nor would have so been regarded by
Mexico, than had it remainad at Corpus Christi.
We might probably have avoided war—as the
gentleman from Vermont thought we ought to
have done—if we had surrendered the questions
in issue between the two Governments, knelt at
Mexican dictation of terms, withdrawn our troops
to the Sabine, and given up the whole of Texas.
But had the President thus acted, how loud would
not have been the denunciations of those gentlemen
against him, who now arraigned him for dischar-
ging his constitutional duty in dcfencc of our terri-
tory. The Mexicans having crossed the Rio
Grande and attacked our forces, they were met, as
they ought to have been, upon the very threshold,
and repelled. In ordering this the President had
done no more than the duty he owed to the citi-
zens of Texas and to the whole country; and there
had been no aggression on our part—no hostile
movement—until the war was commenccd by the
forces of Mexico. The President was fully justi-
fied in every movement he had made on this sub-
ject, and would be most triumphantly sustained
by the American people. The readiness with
which the call for volunteers has been responded
to, was a matter which reflected great credit upon
the spirit of the American people, and he took oc-
casion at this time to congratulate the country upon
the fact, that instead of the 50,000 volunteers
which were authorized, there have been more than
150,000 who stood ready to go in defence of the
country and in prosecution of the war.
Mr. C. B. SMITH, of Indiana, addressed the
committee generally on the subject of the Mexican
war, and in unqualified arraignment and denuncia-
tion of the couise of the Administration in its con-
duct thereof. Pie reviewed the causes of the war,
and pronounccd them insufficient; declaring his
conviction that the true, though concealed motive
on the part of the Administration, was a desire to
dismember Mexico, and despoil her of part of her
territory; that this war was made with no other
view than to form a pietext for a claim upon Cali-
fornia, and perhaps other portions of Mexican ter-
ritory, and as a basis of action which should result
in uniting it or them to this Confederacy. As proof
m part of this, he referied to the frequent intima-
tions that the war should be prosecuted until the
end, among others, was secured of compelling
Mexico to defray the expenses of the war; and
also to the declaration of certain gentlemen, that
we should take possession of the whole of that
portion of her territory lying north of a line drawn
from the mouth of the Rio Grande due west to the
Pacific. He laid claims to no spirit of prophecy,
but he asked gentlemen to mark the result. It was
so plain, that4'he who runs may read it5'—that
the same motives which prompted the Administra-
tion to the annexation of Texas, now prompted
them in their measures to acquire further territory,
viz: a determination to build up, foster, and sus-
tain southern interests, while northern interests (in
the settlement of the Oregon question, &e., to which
he referred) were betrayed and neglected. irie was
in favor (he said) of prosecuting this war so far as
was necessary to sustain our rights, and no further,
and not as a war of conquest.
Mr. HILLIARD obtained the floor, and yielded,
at request, to
