1110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
and by a clause in the 12th section requires every
note to be cancelled and destroyed when redeemed:
this bill authorizes a reissue, and ot course puts
the note into circulation again, instead of destroy-
ing it. To this reissue I have two objections:
first, because it makes a paper currency ot our
treasury notes, and assimilates them to common
bank notes; and, next, because it destroys the
limitation on the amount to be i^^ued. The lim-
itation on the issue is ten millions; the reissue
after redemption may double, triple, quadruple
that amount; for every time the note is reissued it
becomes a new debt, and luis to be paid again. If
not reissuablc, the amount of debt which can be
created under the bill is ten millions; if reissuable,
it may be many times ten millions. In fact, with
the quality of reissuahihty, no one can tell what
amount of debt may be created under the bill.
This is a ^rcat objection, but Lhe change which is
made in the character of the note is still gi cater.
If cancelled when paid, the notes would be consid-
ered as the bond of the Government, to be paid
when due, and when paid extinguished; but, to
be paid and put out niyain, is to do like the banks;
and this I cannot agree to. We have a bill for an
independent treasury, a main feature of which is
hard money payments at the Federal treasury. I
can conceive it to be compatible with the character
of such a treasury to take up, and cancel the Gov-
ernment bonds; but, to reissue them as often as
taken up, is too much like banking for me—mod-
ern banking, whete the same note is si milled out
again and again, as long as it will hold together.
This would reduce our sub-treasurer to something
like a cashier of a modem bank—reissuing the
same paper ad infinitum. Even banks did not
do this in the beginning—in their better days.
The Bank of England did not reissue for a long
time.
Mr. REVERDY JOHNSON, from his scat. It
does not reissue now: it pays and cancels each
note.
Mr. BENTON. Good! Let our Government
not reduce our sub-treasury below the Bank of
England as a paper machine. Let us cancel the
notes when paid, and have no paper currency. I
will therefore move to strike out the clause of re-
issue in the bill; and-if that is struck out, the bill,
so far as I am concerned, may take its course.
These are my objections to the bill, and this is
practical, and w ill require a vote from the Senate.
I have another objection, not to any particular
clause in the bill, but to the policy of resulting
thus early in our war with Mexico to an issue of
Government paper.
Forty years ago, Mr. President, when I was a
student at law, I lead in one of my books—an Eng-
lish book, of course—these winds:
"If our ancc^toM in Kui^ William^ tunc had annually
p:uilj M) lon^ as tiioir exii^'iieics UW;'d, cvon ir-s sum
than we now annually I■ u-': on Th'iaccount, llicv would
m time of w.ir have home no iMeatei hiudens than they
have bequeathed to and settled upon then po-tenty hi tune
ot'peace, mat might have been eased the instant the exi-
gency was over.''
The lesson inculcated in tliesc worda sunk deep
upon my mind, and I resolved to act upon it if it
should ever be my lot to have any share in the
management of the public affairs of my country.
The great principle of the lesson is, that every gen-
eration should bear its own burdens, and not cast
them upon posterity; and if a principle, so wise
and just in itself, needed any illustration or confir-
mation, it would be found in the subsequent his-
tory of the country in which the words of the les-
son were written. Mr. Justice. Blackstone wrote
them in 1777. The. British del it was then about
one hundred and forty millions of pounds sterling,
and the interest and cost of management about five
millions: that debt is now about eight hundred
millions, and the annual interest and management
about thirty millions. The example set—the evil
practice commenced—in King William's time, of
throwing burdens upon posterity, has continued
ever since; and certainly the British people of the
present day are burdened to a degree which should
induce others to heed the admonition which they
neglected.
1 he obvious mode of saving posterity from the
burdens of its ancestors, is for every generation to
pay as it goes; and, to do that, each year as nearly
as possible must pay the debt which it creates.
.Taxation is the mode to do that; and where taxa-
tion is inadequate, short loans, to be repaid by
those who make them, is the substitute. A Gov-
i ernment issue of treasury paper—called exchequer
! bills in Great Britain, and treasury notes in the
| United States—should be the last, and almost the
| desperate, resource of any Government, These
[ are the principles upon which I came into public
| life, and on which J have endeavored to act,
| though not always able to do so. The year 1837
| overset my principles. The Government with
i near thirty millions of dollars in banks, found itself
! one morning without a shilling in hand; and Con-
i grcss was called together to provide the means of
[ keeping the Government alive. It. was a case of
I life or death; and the proceeds of taxes would
| have been entirely too slow to have prevented the
open and declared bankruptcy of the treasury.
Under these encumstances, the resource of taxa-
tion was impossible; a temporay loan was the next
resource, and upon this the Finance Committee of
the Senate resolved, and that in opposition to the
Secretary of the Treasury, (Mr. Woodbury,) who
recommended an issue of treasury notes. The
committee condemned this resort; but finally yield-
ed to the Secretary on his lirm asseveration that
loans could not be obtained in time to prevent
the catastrophe of a bankrupt treasury. Under
these circumstances, the treasury note act of 1837
was brought in, but guarded wit-h many provis-
ions to prevent the notes from sliding into currency,
so as to make a government paper money. The
act of 3837 was guarded, and doubly guarded,
against that evil; first, in giving authoiity to issue,
without authority to reissue notes; and then by a
special clause expressly forbidding reissues, and
positively requiring each note to be cancelled and
destroyed when once redeemed by the United
States. With these guards, and some others, the
bill was passed. 1 voted for it, but with a revul-
sion of stomach almost convulsjve, and with a mis-
giving ot the heart which proved to be prophetic.
In a little time the guards wore all broken down;
icissuc of the same notes was legalized; and these
notes entered and left the treasury as bank notes
enter and leave a bank. Of course 1 did not vote
for this overthrow of the guards which I had as-
sisted to setup; but the want of my vote made no
difference. The mischief lmd been done m the
first step: once issued, treasury notes were strong
enough to reissue themselves, and slide into paper
currency.
These are my objections to the bill itself, and of
its policy. The policy of this early resort to a ;
means of supporting the Government, which, fiom
its dangerous and seductivc nature, should be left
tor the last, and the almost desperate resource.
Taxation should be the first resort; and here I must
say that I utterly object to the omission of any fail-
object of taxation from our revenue bill. Tea and
collce are left out of that bill. Certainly I should
like to leave them out, and a great many others, if
there was no necessity for taxation. But there is
necessity. This treasury note bill proves the ne-
cessity, and I am for taxing all objects fairly taxa-
ble. Taxes first, loans next, treasury notes last,
is my creed; and I have no idea of flinching from
my own duties under the assumption that the
people will not do theirs. It is the duty of every
generation to pay its own debts as well as to fight
its own battles. Our constituents will pay a tax
on tea and coffee, if necessary, and that tax is now
necessary. But a modern idea has sprung up, that
tea and coflee are necessaries of life, and must be
free, while iron, salt, woollen, and fire pay tax.
According to this idea, tea and coffee are the first
of necessaries; and if the question of Casshis to
Biutus should be answered, "Uponwhat meats doth
this owr Julius feed ?" the answer would be, tea and
coffee ! Not so the people. They ore as honest as
brave—as ready to pay their own debts as to fight
their own battles. We have no wars in which the
people have no interest: our wars are their wars;
not so with Great Britain when the foundation of
her public debt was laid on loans and exchequer
bills m the time of King William and his succes-
sors of the House of Hanover. Continental wars,
in which the people of England had no interest,
were their portions with the>louses of Orange and
Hanover. Security of the Dutch barrier, reduc-
tion of the French monarchy, settlement of the
Spanish succession, maintenance of the Germanic
liberties, were then the causes of English wars.
Aiinisters and the Parliament were justly afraid to
; tax the people for such wars : they therefore taxed
posterity! They made loans, and issued exchequer
bills; and of the burdens which these threw upon
posterity, it was, that Mr. Justice Blackstone so
justly complained. But our wars are our own; they
are the wars of the people, and the people are as
honest as brave, and will pay their own debts as
well as fight their own battles. They will pay a
tax on tea and coffee, rather than go in debt; they
will bear burdens rather than throw them upon
their posterity. What father is witling to throw
debtsupon his son? What Government would wish
to burden posterity ? Every generation will have
its own burdens to bear—its own battles to fight,
and its own taxes to pay—and should not.be bur-
dened with the debts of its ancestors. Tlie pres-
ent enormous British debt had its origin in the
unwise and cowardly policy of throwing burdens
upon posterity; let us avoid what we have seen so
fatal among our English ancestors.
Taxes first, loans next, treasury paper last, are
my resources; but here we begin with paper; for
although the bill has an alternative clause, that the
President may either borrow or issue notes, yet
the alternative is nothing. The issue of the notes
is the easy and the seductive course; and for the
same reason that we refuse to order the loan, he
will refuse to make it.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, the further consid-
eration of this bill was postponed until to-morrow;
and the hour having ai rived for the consideration
of the special order—
THE TARIFF,
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
bill for reducing the duties on imports, and for
other purposes.
Mr. DAVIS resumed his remarks on the bill, in
opposition to its policy and principle. With refer-
ence to the ad valorem principle, he was decided
! and emphatic in his remarks. He expressed him-
self satisfied with the increase of the duty on
coarse wool from five per cent, to thirty per cent.,
if, in the view of the Government, it was deemed
advisable to put down the existing establishments
in the country, reminding the Senate that wool
was admitted into England free of duty. The
policy of the bill was, to discriminate, not in favor
of our own industry, but against it.
He protested against the bill, as deficient as a
revenue measure; as favoring foreigners at the ex-
pense of our own interests; because it was anti-
American in all its details; bccausc it overloaded
particular interests, and would render it necessary
to divert labor into new channels; because it pro-
tected one interest at the expense of all others; and
bccausc it was a war on free labor, pregnant with
moral degradation. He also protested against it
in the name and in behalf of his fellow-citizens,
who had a right to demand impartial legislation;
and, if it effects the objects it had in view, would
be ruinous to the country.
j When Mr. U. resumed his seat,
Mr. McDTJFFIE callcd for the question.
Mr. SEVIER demanded the yeas and nays.
The bill being still in committee,
The PRESIDENT said,68 The bill is still open
to amendment."
A pause.
The PRESIDENT: If no amendment be offered
to the bill, it will he leported to the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, said he hoped
the question was not to bo, taken upon this bill
now. He desired to address the Senate, and he
would assure the Senator from South Carolina that
the debate would not be greatly prolonged by him,
as he had no intention of consuming more than two
; hours at farthest; but he was not prepared to go
on at present. He hoped, therefore, the subject
, would be deferred until to-morrow. He supposed
that they might infer from what had taker) place,
I that there was no intention on the part of any
Senator on the other side to say a word in defence
of the bill; he had no idea, therefore, that the ques-
tion would he delayed beyond Saturday next.
Mr. SEVIER said, if Senators on the other side
j. would agree that the question should be taken next
J week, he would be happy to listen to any speeches
j, that might be made; but he, for one, was not wil-
j! ling that it should be delayed beyond that time,
ji Mr. JOHNSON said he -was not authorized to
I; answer for any other than himself. He would be
', glad of an opportunity to say what little he had to
■ say.
Mr. McDUFFIE said he would be very happy
to consult the personal convcniencc of the Senator
i fiom Maryland, but it was very obvious that if
