1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1111
the debate w«s to be prolonged on that side, it
would, in all probability, give rise to debate on
this; and that was what they wished to avoid, be-
cause they desired a speedy decision. And, to
accomplish this, they had determined to leave the
discussion to the other side of the chamber exclu-
sively. He did not feel authorized, therefore, as
far as he was concerned, to give his consent to a
postponement of the debate. He thought it was
desirable to bring the matter to a conclusion, one
way or the other, as speedily as possible.
I&r. JOHNSON said that the reason assigned
by the Senator from South Carolina for terminating
debate, lest it should provoke debate upon that
side of the chamber, could not be very well found-
ed; for he certainly should think that, if debate
could be provoked on the part of the friends of the
bill by anything that could be urged by its oppo-
nents, there had been provocation enough already;
and he was quite sure that nothing that he could
say would have the effect of bringing out a reply,
if what had already been said was insufficient.
Mr. LEWIS said the bill had been under dis-
cussion since Monday, and gentlemen on the other
side had occupied four days of the time in deliver-
ing two speeches. At this rate, if many speeches
were to be made, they would not get the question
at all. It was desirable to have the vote as soon
as possible, as several gentlemen on his side of the
chamber were very anxious to leave their seats,
lie hoped the vote would be taken in the course of
next week. If an arrangement could bo come to
with gentlemen on the other side, he would with
great pleasure give them as much time as the ne-
cessity of the case would admit.
Mr. JOHNSON again stated his opinion that
the vote would be taken next week, and averred
that the gentlemen upon his side of the chamber
were not disposed to speak against time, but were
ready, and intended to meet the question fairly.
Mr. McDUFFlE (after some conversation with
Mr. Johnson, Mr. Webster, and other Whig
Senators) expressed his conviction that the oppo-
nents of the bill would not attempt to further delay
it uselessly, but meet the question in an open, can-
did manner, and withdrew his objection to the
postponement.
The question was then taken on the postpone-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a re-
port of the Secretary of War, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate, communicating informa-
tion as to the employment of any individual by the
Department, or under its sanction, to raise volun-
teers for the war with Mexico; which was read,
and ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
House bills for the relief of the following per-
sons were read twice, arid appropriately referred,
viz:
A bill for the relief of Griffin Kelly.
A bill for the relief of Abraham Ausmcn.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Dusseau.
A bill for the relief of John Campbell, of Gar-
land, Maine.
A bill for the relief of Daniel Pratt.
A bill for the relief of Justin Jacobs.
A bill for the relief of Larranus Cobbs.
A bill for the relief of Polly Damron.
A bill for the relief of Catherine Fulton, Wash-
ington county, Pennsylvania.
A bill for the relief of Jose Carxillo.
A bill for the relief of James Journey.
A bill for the relief of John McAlister-.
A bill for the relief of John Carr, John Botts,
and Samuel Stevenson.
A bill for the relief of Mary Segar, of Jefferson
county, New York.
A bill for the relief of Mary Phelps, of Genesee
county, New York.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Betts, of the
city of New York.
A bill for the relief of Patrick Masterton.
A bill for the relief of Jonathan Brown.
A bill for the relief of William Gump.
A bill for the relief of Lewis Laing.
A bill for the relief of Mary Campbell, widow
of John Campbell.
A bill for the relief of Leah Gray.
A bill for the relief of Margaret Gwinup, of
Hamilton county, Ohio.
A bill for the relief of Richard Hargrave Lee.
A bill for the relief of James Lee.
A bill for the relief of William Moss.
A bill for the relief of Solomon Russell, of Som-
erset county, Maine.
A bill for the relief of Captain John Patton.
A bill for the relief of Lois Matteson, of the
county of Jefferson, New York.
A bill for the relief of Ebenezer Conant, of Jef-
ferson county, New York.
A bill for the relief of Eli Merrill.
A bill for the relief of the heirs or legal repre-
sentatives of John Kelly.
A bill for the relief of Daniel H. Warren. -
A bill for the relief of Peter Rife,
A bill for the relief of George Roush.
A bill for the relief of Patrick Itellv, senior.
A bill for the relief of William B. Ligon.
An act to pay Captain John B. Crozier's com-
pany of mounted volunteers, Tennessee.
Joint resolution for the relief of John B. Dentin
and Curtis Humphrey.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
Mr. DIX renewed the notice that he would call
up the harbor and river bill to-morrow, having
been prevented from so doing to-day, in conse-
quence of the pendency of the Treasury note bill.
On motion of Mr. HAYWOOD, the Senate
then proceeded to the consideration of Executive
business, and, after some time so spent,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fuiday, July 17, ]84G.
Leave was given to withdraw ihe petitions and
papers of Mary Phelps, Anna Ciillin, and Josiah
Sturges.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Harrison Whitson;
which was read and committed.
Mr. DANIEL also made adverse reports on the
cases of George Ilix, David Little, and Samuel
Lewis; which reports were laid on the table.
Mr. BOWL1N, from the Committee oil Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the bill from
the Senate for the relief of Benjamin Ballard, re-
ported the same without amendment.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading; and
it was read the third time forthwith, and passed, and
returned to the Senate.
Mr. BOWLIN, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill from the Senate for the
relief of Robeit Barclay, reported the same with-
out amendment.
Mr. McCONNELL moved that the bill be laid
on the table. Lost: Ayes 4, noes 110.
The bill was then read the third time and passed,
and returned to Ihe Senate.
Mr. CH1PMAN asked leave to introduce a bill,
notice of which had heretofore been given.
Mr. DIIOMGUOLE objected.
Mr. CHIPMAN moved to suspend the rules;
but the motion failed.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to which was referred the joint
resolution from the Senate for the relief of Lewis
De Russy, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. PRESTON KING inquired if the bill did
not, under the rule, require commitment, as con-
taining and appropriation.
The SPEAKER, examined the bill, and an-
swered the inquiry in the negative.
On this point a debate ensued, in which Messrs.
BRINKERHOFF, BURT, P. KING, HOUS-
TON of Alabama, and McKAY participated.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved theprevious ques-
tion, which was demanded, and under its operation
the resolution was passed and returned to the Sen-
ate.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of private bills on the table, heretofore reported
from the Committee of the Whole House.
And the first in order was the bill for the relief of
Gad Humphries and George Centre. It was un-
der consideration at the adjournment on the 11th
instant.
Mr. RATHBUN moved to lay it on the table.
No quorum voted, and he withdrew the motion.
The report from the committee, stating the facts
and merits of the case, was then read.
The previous question having been moved, a
quorum did not vote on the second; when—
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved a call of the House.
Negatived.
The House was again divided on the second for
the previous question.
And it was seconded; and, under its operation,
the question was put that the bill do pass.
It was taken by yeas and nays, "and decided in
the negative—yeas 68, nays 84.
And so tbe-btll was rejected.
Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN moved to recon-
sider this vote; but the motion was postponed for
the present.
The joint resolution for the relief of Sellers and
Pennock came up,-and the question was on its
third reading; when,
On motion of Mr. BARKLEY MARTIN, it
was laid on the table.
The bill granting a pension to Daniel H. War-
ren, a soldier of the war of 1812 with Great Biitain,
was taken up.
Mr. HAMLIN said that he had labored most
industriously for three years to procure the passage
of this bill. It had passed the House at two pre-
ceding sessions, and been sent to the Senate at so
late ti period of the session, that, for the want of
time, it had remained unacted upon there, and died
a natural death. The proceedings had to be com-
menced de novo in this House; and, when reported
again, the bill was, as a matter of course, placed at
the foot of the calendar. He was apprehensive
that, if now passed and sent to the Senate, it would
meet its former fate, which would place it in a
much worse condition than if it were retained here
until the commencement of the next session, and
then passed and sent to the Senate. He would,
therefore, move that the bill be passed over inform-
ally, with a view of taking it up as soon as Con-
gress met at the next session.
The bill was passed over accordingly.
Subsequently, Mr. HAMLIN said he had con-
versed with Senators, who informed him, that if
the hill were passed and sent to the Senate imme-
diately, it should bo acted upon before the close of
, this session. He therefore called it up; and it was
read the third time, and passed.
The bill for the relief of Peter Rife;
j The bill for the relief of George Roush;
The bill for the relief of Patrick Kelly;
The bill for the relief of William B. Ligon; and
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
I of Thomas Kell; were severally taken up in order,
I and wen; read the third time and passed.
, The bill to pay Captain John B. Crozier's com-
pany of mounted Tennessee volunteers next came
' tip. This bill was reported from the Committee
! of the Whole, with a recommendation that it be
| recommitted.
| The House refused to agree to the commitment.
I And the question was taken by yeas and nays
I that it be read a third time, and passed in the
[ ailirmative; yeas 76, nays GO.
: The bill was then read the third time and passed,
i The bill to authorize Eli Merrill to exchange a
! tract of military bounty land in Illinois for other
i public land in that State, and the bill granting a
j pension to Ebenezer Conant, next came up, and
i were severally read the third time and passed.
! The bill granting a pension to Lois Mattison was
: read, and opposed by Messrs. HUNGERFORD
! and DANIEL, and explained by Mr. SEAMAN,
i And on the question of a third reading a quo-
| rum did not vote. [It was very apparent that a
i quorum was in the Hall.]
I And a call of the House was then ordered, and
I the roll being called over, 142 members were found
! to be present—a quorum.
Further proceedings in the call were dispensed
with.
; The bill was then read the third time and passed.
The bill granting a pension to Captain JohnPat-
t ton for injuries received in the war of 1812 with
] Great Britain;
j The bill for the relief of Solomon Russell;
: The bill granting arrears of pension to James
; Gee, who received three desperate wounds in the
early part of a battle in the war of 1812 with Eng-
land, and yet continued to fight bravely on till the
victory was achieved; and
The bill granting a pension to William Moss,
severally came up in order, and were read the third
time and passed.
The joint resolution for the relief of John B.
Denton and Curtis Humphreys, mail contractors
in the State of Georgia, was read.
