1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
Tins resolution was reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole with a recommendation that it be
reiccted.
Mr. TOOMBS fully explained the claim in a
few clsar and lucid remarks, and hoped the House
would not agree to the recommendation of the
Committee of the Whole.
After which the House refused to agree to the
recommendation to reject the resolution; and it
was read the third time, and, after the report of
the Committee on the Post Officc and Post Roads
had been read, it was passed.
The bill to refund to Richard Htu'grave Lee a
portion of the money paid to him for a forfeiture
lo Government;
The bill granting a pension to Margaret Gwin-
nup;
The bill granting a pension to Leah Gray;
The bill granting a pension to Mary Campbell,
of Pennsylvania;
The bill granting a pension to Lewis Laing;
The bill granting a pension to William Gump; j
and
The bill for the relief of John Carr, John Patty, I
and S. Stephenson, seamen, were se\erally, a3
they came up in order, read the third time and
passed. '
The bill for the relief of John McAllister, of i
Georgia, came up; and, on the question of a third i
reading, a quorum did not vote. j
A call of the House was ordered, but before it i
was commenced— j
A motion was made by Mr. PRESTON KING i
to dispense with it; and it was dispensed with. !
The SPEAKER counted the House, and report-
ed that a quorum was not within the Hall. !
Mr. SEAMAN moved a call.
The yeas and nays were ordered, when
The SPEAKER said he had no doubt a quorum :
was then present. . j
On wliich the motion for the call was with- '
drawn.
And the question was put, Shall the bill for the
relief of John McAllister pass ? And it passed in
the affirmative.
The bill for the relief of James Journey;
The bill for the relief of Jose Carxillo;
The bill granting a pension to Jonathan Brown;
The bill granting a pension to Patrick Master-
son;
The bill granting a pension to Elizabeth Betts,
of New York;
The bill granting a pension to Mary Phelps;
The bill granting a pension to Maiy Segur; |
The bill grunting a pension to Catherine Pulton; >
and I
The bill granting a pension to Polly Dawson; !
were, as they severally came up in oidcr, read the
third time, and passed. !
The bill granting a pension to Summons Cobb,
was read in order, and a motion was made to lay ,
it oil the tabic. A quorum did not vote. |
A call of the House was moved and refused. i
A motion was made by Mr. NORRIS that the i
House adjourn. It was decided by yeas and nays :
and negatived, 26 to 108. A large quorum. ,
The question was then taken on laying the bill ■
on the table, and lost. I
And the question on the passage of the bill was .
put, and passed in the affirmative. ]
The bill gran ting a pension to Justin Jacobs next
came up, and on the question on its passage a quo- j
rum did not vote.
The question was again taken by yeas and nays,
and the bill passed: yeas CO, nays 59. 1
The bill granting a pension to Dame! Pratt;
The bill granting a pension to John Campbell,
of Maine; '
The bill granting a pension to Joseph Dusseau;
The bill granting a pension to Abraham Ausmen;
The bill granting a pension to Giiffin Kelly;
The bill granting a pension to Benjamin Allen;
The bill granting a pension to Aquila Goodwin; '
The bill for the relief of Cornelius Capen, ad-
ministrator of John Cox, of Boston, deceased;
The bill for the relief of the heirs and represent-
atives of Itichaid C. Anderson, deceased;
The bill for the relief of John Milsted, of Florida;
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Ruddle;
The bill for the relief of Joseph Curwin;
The bill for the relief of the owners of the ship
Herald, of Baltimore;
The bill for the relief of William B. Lang;
The bill for the relief of David Thomas, of Phil-
adelphia:
The bill for the relief of Elisha P. Richards;
were severally taken up in their order on the calen-
dar, and were read the third time, and passed.
The bill for the relief of William Beard was re-
jected.
The bill for the relief of Major James H. P. Porter;
The bill for the relief of Lewis Hastings;
The bill for the relief of the widow of Thomas
Murray, jr., deceased; and
The bill for the relief of Cideon A. Perry, were
severally laid on the table.
The vote to lay the bill for the relief of William
Poole on the table was reconsidered.
And the question was put on the passage of the
bill, on which a quorum did not vote.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Satukday, July 18, 1846'. jj
Mr. GREENE presented the petition of mer-
chants and shipmasters of Bristol, Rhode Island,
remonstrating against the removal of the custom-
house from that place; which was referred to the
Commi tlec on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial from the
miners and other laborers of Schuylkill county,
Pennsylvania, asking that the duty on coal may
not be reduced.
Mr. C. also presented (he proceedings of a meet-
ing of Democratic citizens of Sunbury, Northum-
berland county, Pennsylvania, expressing their
opposition to the bill reducing the duties on im-
ports, and for other purposes, and requesting the
Senators from that State to use all honorable means
to defeat its passage.
In presenting the latter document, Mr. C. said
that the panic of which honorable Senators spoke
the other day had commenced, and was spreading
into every part of that Commonwealth. But this
was no Whig panic. It was a Democratic panic.
The county in which this meeting was held is a
Democratic county. It gives about 9500 votes,
and a majority to the Democratic party, in great
contests, of near 1200. Northampton county,
another decided Democratic county, was here pro-
testing against the passage of the tariff bill; these
people, these Democrats, feared that its passage
would destroy their business, prostrate the Demo-
cratic party, and beggar their families. Such fears
mightcause a panic with the honest and best. Good
"old Berks" is here also by a representation of her
sons. That county is the stronghold of Democracy.
Of her 10,000 votes, she gives often a Democratic
majority of 4,000. Her citizens are a steady, in-
dustrious people, who are not easily excited. They
are generally agriculturists, who are content with
their peaceful employment, and whose industry
and frugality have made them rich. No common
danger would alarm her; but situated as she is on i
the verge of the great coal-field of Pennsylvania, j
she has daily evidences of the comfort and happi- j
ness its mines dispense among the laborers and !
mechanics of the country round about, and of the \
wealth which it has sent among them in exchange ]
for the products of their farms. No one can charge \
them with aiding in a " Whig panic." Their De-
mocracy is undoubted and beyond reproach. It is
known throughout the Union; and thrice has it
saved the Democratic party of the Union. Her
sons come here not to create a panic, but to speak
with Democrats in the Senate, and in other high
places, as Democrats may speak to those whom
by their votes they have elevated; to tell them
how this new principle in legislation will affect
their interests, and to get Democrats here to pause
before they ruin our great State, and take from our
laboring people, who cannot come here, their em-
; ployment, and from their families their bread. Such
, a panic as the passage of this bill will create, would,
he repeated, be no " Whig panic." He said that
we had heard, in a recent discussion, remarks in
I favor of the claims of Tennessee for money due her
| citizens. The claims of Massachusetts had also
i been spoken of; and claims due Georgia and New
| Hampshire had been urged, and some of them paid.
| Pennsylvania, ho was proud to say, had no claims
upon the treasury of the Union; she asked for no
I help from the treasury; she was willing to work
. for her living, and asked only to be let alone.
Mr. WEBSTER said: Truly, sir, we are this
morning in a very strange conjuncture of circum-
stances. The electric telegraph announces from
Boston that the steamer has brought information
from England, and among the last words of the late
first Minister of England, was tire declaration that
all eyes in England were turned to see how the
United States would arrange the new tariff, point-
ing evidently to an expectation or a hope that the
new tariff, to which all the English eyes were
turned, would be a tariff more favorable, doubtless,
to English interests and English business and Eng-
lish concerns, than the tarilf now existing. Some-
what of a counter-blast comes from Pennsylvania.
All eyes are turned hither from Pennsylvania, not
exactly to see howwf may modify t.he tariff to be-
come more acceptable to English interests and the
English people, but to see whether we will sacrifice
her interests—her great and leading interests—
and the interests of other portions of the country
having interests like hers, by the adoption of this
measure, so much commended already in Europe—
so much the subject of parliamentary report and
parliamentary recommendation. Is not this, sir,
as I said, a singular conjuncture of our affairs ? Sir,
I propose, before I sit down, to ask the honorable
member from Pennsylvania, with great respect, a
question or two. I happened to be in Pennsylva-
nia in October, 1844, in diverse villages and coun-
ties. I saw the preparations that were going on
for the then approaching elections; and it appeared
to me that the Democratic party in Pennsylvania
had three prominent, eminent, distinct favorites.
These three favorites were often borne on their
flags and banners. I saw. them emblazoned in
Chester county, and in Schuylkill county, and iti
other places. The three favorites borne on these
banners were, "Polk," "Dallas," and "The
Tariff of 1842." I am rather inclined to think that
of these favorites the last mentioned is at this
present moment most in favor. I would ask the
honorable member from Pennsylvania himself
whether he has not seen these same banners float-
ing in various places?
Mr. CAMERON. I answer the Senator with
great pleasure. I attended, perhaps, every Demo-
cratic meeting within my reach in that State—and
some of them were at places one hundred and fifty
miles distant from my home—in order to support
the great cause of Democracy, and at all these
meetings the watchwords and the mottoes were,
" Polk," "Dallas,'' and (before his lamented death)
"Muhlenberg," and " The Tariff of 1842." And
after the death ofourcaiididatcf'or the gubernatorial
chair, they were, "Polk," "Dallas," "Shunk,"
and "The Tariff of 1842." Neither of the three,
sir, would have got the vote of Pennsylvania with-
out the last—the tariff of 1842. Much as wo dis-
liked Mr. Clay, and sincerely attached as we
were to the Democratic party, all would have gone
before we would have relinquished the tariff of 1842.
Mr. WEBSTER. I conceive it is not very im-
portant in discussions of this sort, whether an emi-
nent individual, occupying a particular position, is
always correctly reported as to any declarations
he may have made. It is no matter what may be
the meaning of such declaration, if the general im-
piession be produced by the blazonry and heraldry
! of flags, by popular names connected with popular
; measures, a particular effect is produced. And I
| suppose if I were to ask either of the honorable
gentlemen from Pennsylvania—which I do not
I propose to do—whether they, in the various meet-
: ings which they attended, have not to their friends
j expressed often the opinion that the tariff of 1842
I would be safe under the protection of those per-
i sons whom they chose to place at the head of the
! Government—I say if I were to ask that question,
! I take it for granted they would answer that they
' had held out such an opinion everywhere at all .the
; assemblages which they attended; because I know
■ their attachment to the tariff of 1842, and I know
I the instructions of their Legislature to secure that
! tariff, which instructions, I believe, are altogether
' concurrent with their own private opinions; and
II therefore I am quite persuaded that if they had had
! | any notion that their efforts in the election of their
!i successful candidates at that time would have re-
jj suited m the overthrow of the tariff of 1842, they
; would have forborne from these efforts.
: | Mr. ALLEN then said: The Senator from Mas-
i sadiusetts has announced the arrival of the jast
! steamer as a thing having some connexion with
i proceedings on a great question here. He appears
