1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
face it is ten millions: with the re-issue clause it
may be as many times ten millions, as the whole,
or a part, may be put out again. It is a delusion
to speak of the amount in circulation at one time:
it is the aggregate of all the time that gives the
measure of the vote, and the real amount which
the bill authorizes. Gentlemen say the notes may
return promptly to the treasury in payment of
duties. Very good! they are received in place of
money, and if not put out again, the cash will
come for the duties the next time. You will get
the money at the end of the year, if not at the be-
ginning. But, under this system of re-issue, it will
be paper all the year round. Upon the same prin-
ciple that the original note comes back immediately
in payment of duties, the substitute will do the
same; and thus the treasury will have nothing but
paper in it. It is the same as if an amount of notes
were authorized equal to the whole amount of the
revenue: in that case the whole revenue would be
paid in paper, and in the Government's own paper;
and the treasury would have nothing but dead
paper in its coffers. Instead of unlimited issues of
paper,„they ought not only to be limited, but lim-
ited to the lowest possible amount; and thus it was
m former times. The first treasury note bills
were for only five millions; and when larger sums
were authorized, it was as part of a loan, and only
to be resorted to after the loan had. failed, and to
the extent of the failure. But here we set out not
only for a large issue of ten millions—itself double
the amount of the first treasury note bill in the war
witli Great Britain—and unlimited at that time.
The re-jssue may make it double ten, and it will
only be after all the issues and re-issues are over,
and the whole added together, that we shall know
the amount which tins bill authorizes. I am against
such indefinite legislation. I am against vn£;ue,un-
limited authority to create debt. I am against con-
verting all our revenue into paper, and that paper
our own. I object to bank paper, and to federal
paper just as much, or more. Mr. President, this
treasury-note bill is every way objectionable to
me—in its detail, for the re-issue feature—in its
policy, for coming so early in the war with Mexi-
co, and without laying tin; proper taxes, and with-
out waiting for the issue of loans. A solid system
of finance can only be bottomed on taxation; loans
are only justifiable when taxes cannot be gathered
in time, or in sufficient amount. As for treasury
notes, they are the last thing to be resorted to, and
that in the uttermost extremity; but now they are
the first. They are a facile, seductive, insidious,
ruinous mode of getting into debt, and throwing
burdens upon posterity, and I abhor them. With
great difficulty I could be brought to vote for the
bill in its best form; but with the clause of re-issue,
it is impossible for me to touch it.
Mr. PENNYBACKER spoke briefly against
the amendment, but was not distinctly audible in
the gallery.
Mr. WESTCOTT said, as the yeas and nays
were called for, and as he intended voting for the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri, he con-
sidered it due to himself to give the reasons for his
vote. The provision authorizing the re-issue of
the treasury notes he regarded as turning the treas-
ury into a sort of Federal bank; true, without the
power of discount, but liable to all the vices of
banks, and even some that the State corporations
had not. This authority to re-issue would afford
facilities for frauds and confuse the public accounts
and business. Again: the issuing of treasury notes
was one form of obtaining credit by the Govern-
ment—was but a mode of borrowing. This bill
allowed ten millions to be issued. Each time these
notes were re-issued, a renewal of the loan took
place; it was a new loan or credit of ten millions.
The process, in fact, made the loan equivalent to
a loan of twice or thrice ten millions. Mr. W.
said he could not believe the striking out of this
clause could embarrass the Government before
next session. But little more than three months
must elapse before Congress met again. In the
mean time the treasury had the balance on hand,
the current accruing revenue, and the power to
resort to direct loans, and then the ten millions of
treasury notes. Surely these will be ample re-
sources; but if not,"give fifteen or twenty millions
of treasury notes; but do not turn the treasury into
a bank of circulation—into a manufactory of a
paper currency, which may be always kept up to
ten millions. Mr. W. said he believed the bill all
sufficient without the clause ofre-issue. This clause
would probably please the brokers and fund mon-
gers, but he should vote against the bill, if it was
retained.
Mr. DAYTON then rose—
Mr. LEWIS remarked that the hour for taking
up the special order had now arrived.
Mr. DAYTON called the Senator from Alabama
to order.
Mr. LEWIS said he had a right to move the
special order.
Mr. DAYTON. Not while he (Mr. D.) had
the floor. Mr. D. then briefly supported the
amendment.
Mr. YULEE submitted an amendment to the
bill, imposing a tax of twenty per cent, upon tea
and coffee, the proceeds of said tax to be appro-
priated to the payment of the treasury notes issued
under authority of the bill.
Mr. BAGBY was 111 favor of the amendment,
not on the ground maintained by the Senator from
Missouri, that the rc-iasue would increase the
amount, but because otherwise the precise amount
that was out would not be known; and, secondly,
because it struck against a principle in opposition
to which he and his friends had always contend-
ed; he did not wish any banking—much less
treasury banking.
After a few remarks from Messrs. R. JOHN-
SON and ALLEN,
Mr. LEWIS expressed the hope that the Sen-
ator from Florida [Mr. Ym,hr] would not press
his amendment, as it would only serve to embar-
rass the bill.
Mr. YULEE replied that he had no desire to
embarrass the bill, and would therefore withdraw
the amendment, hoping, however, that a bill to
the scUYie end would be introduced and passed.
No further amendment being offered, the bill
was reported to the Senate, ordered to a thiid
reading, and, by unanimous consent, read a third
time and passed, without a division, in the precise
form in which it was received from the House of
Repiesentutives.
THE TARIFF.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order—the hill reducing duties on
imports and for other purposes.
Mr. R. JOHNSON addressed the Senate in op-
position to the bill, in a speech which occupied
three hours.
Then, on motion, at five o'clock,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Mij 18, 1846.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported a bill
to authorize attachments on mesne process in the
county of Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, and for other purposes. Read and committed.
SENATE BILLS.
Sundry bills from the Senate were received.
A bill to amend an act entitled " An act to pro-
vide revenue from imports, and to change and
modify existing laws imposing duties oil imports,
and for other purposes." Referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
A bill granting a pension to John Clark. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
A bill for the relief of William B. Keene. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
A bill for the relief of Edward Bolon. Preferred
to the Committee of Claims.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Cocker Simp-
son, deceased. Referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims.
A hill for the relief of Henry H. Marsh, of
Michigan. Referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
A bill for the relief of Alexis Ayot. Referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The bill granting a pension to "William Poole,
which was under consideration yesterday at the
adjournment, was taken up and passed.
The bill to provide for the distribution of the
edition of the laws of the United States published
by Little & Brown, under the provisions of the res-
olution of Congress of the 3d of March, 1845, re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole House
on the 5th June last, was taken up, read the third
time, and passed.
The bill to authorize the Trustees of Tymochtee
township, Wyandot county, Ohio, to select lands
for schools within the Wyandot cession; and the
bill to authorize the inhabitants of township one of
range thirteen east, Seneca county, Ohio, to relin-
quish certain lands selected for schools, and to ob-
tain others in lieu of them, were severally read the
third time and passed.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on private bills, (Mr. T. B. King in the
chair.)
Mr. BRODHEAD said'that, in consequence of
the near approach of the period for the close of the
session of Congress, it was more than probable
that the private bills which originated in this
House, if now taken up, passed, and sent to the
Senate, would not, and could not, be acted upon
in that body before the adjournment; in which case
they would stand in a much worse condition than
if suffered to remain here, and be taken up at the
commencement of the next session, and then pass-
ed and sent to the Senate. He would therefore
suggest that the bills of this House be passed over,
and such bills only be acted oil as have already
passed the Senate.
Mr. DANIEL said he thought that such bills of
this House as should be taken up and passed to-
day would get to the Senate in sufficient time to be
acted upon in that body. As to the bills which
had originated in the Senate, and which had passed
there and been sent here, there was plenty of tune
to take them up. They were few in number, and
by the rules of the House they would take prece-
dence on the three last days of the session. He
did not, therefore, agree to the suggestion of the
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania.
Mr. THURIV1 AN made an unsuccessful attempt
to get up the bill to organize a board of commis-
sioners to adjudicate and settle claims against the
Government; but it was found to be in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and could
not, therefore, be considered in this committee.
Mr. McCLELLAND demanded, as a matter of
right and order, unless overruled by a vote of two-
tliirds, that the calendar be proceeded with in reg-
ular order.
The first bill in regular order was the bill to pro-
vide a free bridge across the Eastern Branch of
the river,Potomac, in Washington. It was read;
when—
Mr. BOYD objected to the consideration of the
hill on this day, being a day which, by the rules,
is set aside for private bills exclusively; and con-
tended that this was not a private bill within the
spirit and meaning of the rule.
The CHAIR ruled that the bill could be acted
upon to-day.
Mr. FOSTER moved to add to the bill the fol-
lowing section:
"JJrid be U further evaded. That the Secretary of War hp,
and he is hereby, autiion/.cri to purchase one of the paid
bridges, aecoiding to the albies*aid provisions, if both of suut
bridges cannot be purchased upon such terms as to hnn may
seem reasonable ami just."
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Maryland, explained the
grounds on which the bill was founded, and ad-
vocated its passage in an animated, forcible, and
eloquent speech.
A motion was made by Mr. RATHBUN, tlnxt -
the bill be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
On this a debate arose, in which Messrs. RATH-
BUN, JONES of Tennessee, and EWING of
Pennsylvania, opposed the bill; and Messrs.
PAYNE, and CHAPMAN of Maryland, advo-
cated it. After the debate closed—
The amendment of Mr. Foster was rejected.
And the question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Rathbun that the bill be reported with a re-
commendation that it be rejected; and passed in
the affirmative.
The bill for the relief of Francis Martin;
The bill for the relief of Silas Waterman;
The bill for the relief of Elisha H. Holmes;
The bill for the relief of Gregory Thomas and
others; were severally taken up^read, considered,
and ordered to be reported to the House for pas-
sage.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Robert Ful-
ton, the great steamboat inventor, was taken up
and read, as was also the report of the committee
on Naval Affairs, containing a full exposition of
the history, merits, and misfortunes of the claim.
