1116
THE CONGRESSIONAL - GLOBE.
July 20,
This case was debated at length, and was sup-
ported by Messrs. STROHM,JOSEPH R. IN-
GERSOLL, ROCKWELL of Connecticut, and
J. &. ADAMS; and opposed by Messis. DAN-
iel, and Mcdowell of Ohio.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved to amend the bill
by reducing the amount proposed to be paid from
$76,300 to #16,300. His reason for proposing; this
amendment was, that he rejected the $60,000 for
the invention of the steam battery, <&c. It was
rejected—Ayes 48, noes 78.
Mr. GORDON moved to amend the bill by stri-
king out §76,300, and inserting $20,000.
Mr. HUDSON said that the committee having
refused to strike out the #76,300 and to insert #16^
300, it was, by the parliamentary law, equivalent
to an adoption of ihe $76,300, and that, therefore,
the motion was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point raised by
Mr. Hudson.
Mr. TIBBATTS said such he admitted to be
the parliamentary law, but then there was an ex-
press rule of the House which recognised motions
to strike out and insert without limit.
Mr. GORDON appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
And the question bcin°; put, the Chair was over-
ruled—Ayes 35, noes 91.
Mr. GORDON then modified his amendment so
as to insert #40,000.
The debate was resumed by Mr. GORDON,
who opposed the bill on the ground of a bona fide
claim except to about #16,300, but was willing;,
under the peculiar circumstanccs of the case, and
the merits of Mr. Fulton, to grant the sum men-
tioned in his amendment, which would be about
equal to an allowance of inteiest on the amount
that seemed to be due.
The bill was further supported by Mi*. MORSE
and Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, and opposed by Mr
BOWL1N.
On the question to a°;ree to Mr. Gordon's amend-
ment there were ayes 58, noes 72. So it was rejected.
And the question was taken on a motion of Mr.
Ratiibun to report the bill, with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass; and it was lost—Ayes 43,
noes 77.
The committee then rose and reported the bills
acted upon.
The bill for a free bridge across the Eastern
Branch of the Potomac was Inid on the table.
And the bill for the lehcf of the htiis of Robert
Fulton, deceased, was taken up.
The yeas and nays were taken on ordering it to
a third reading; and it was earned by the following
vote:
YEAF—Abbott, Jolm Quincy Adams, Arnold,
B.f ung< r, J,tine* A. Black, Blanc haul, Biodhcacl,
Btiiiiiii ton, William W Campbell, John G. Chapman, Col-
I.t'tK'i, Cnm.Ntou, Ctoztei, Culvei, Dargan, Gairc-tf i)avM,
Dil'inaham, Pi\on, Poekory, Douglass, TJunlap, Edsall, J.
II. EwitiL, Edwin II. Ewintr, Foster, Gcntrv, Goodyear.
Grirfei, Grinnell, Hampton, ilaiper, IIillnud,E. B. Holmes^
J.-hUk-E. Holmes, John W. Ifou-lon. S. I). IIubb.ird, Hudson,
Clwulcs J. Ins rr>oll, Jo <ph 11. lngriauU, Darnel P. Kmc,
Thru. B Kin;'', liawirnce, liPih, TjOwi-j, Lone;, Mnclav, Mc-
Clean, Janu's McDowell, McGaughey, Mcllenty,
JVlrllVtime, Maish, Millei, 3Ioi>c, Mosoley," Owen, ParriMi,
Piilcbun, Roln it-, Julius Rockwell, J. A ltockwU), Root,
Rank, S.iwU'Ue, Seaman, Seddori, Soveranef, Alexander
J). f?nns, Tinman Smith, O. B. Smith, >Stanlon, Stephens,
Stew.irt, ^tiolnn, Stion^, Tliomas^on, Benjamin Thomp-
son, James Thompson, Toombs, Tiumbo, Vance, Vinton,
Wcntworlh, White, Wiimot, Wright, Young, and Yo&t—90.
NAYrt—Mcssi,a. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Hell, Ben-
ton, Jividc" Black, Bowhn, Boyd, Brmkerhoff, Wit-
ham, (irovcr, Hamlm, Henh'y, llouo, Houjfh, George S.
Houston, Jame^ B. Hunt, Hunter, Jenkins, James II. John-
son, Andtow Johnson, George \V. Jones, P. King, Liiroti,
Lumpkin, McClelJand, Jo-epb J. McDowell, McKay, Bark-
ley Mai fin, Moms. Norn«, Payne, I'beJps, Reid, Itelfe, Rtt-
toi, Sawj'er, Seaminon, Leonard H. Sims, Starkweather,
fcr John, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tibhatts, Tredway,
Wheaton, Wick, and Williams—67.
The bill was then read the third time, and passed
without further opposition.
And, to clinch its passage, Mr. J. R. INGER-
SOLL moved to reconsider the vote.
And the question being put, the House refused
to reconsider.
And so the bill stands passed.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 20, 1846.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, viz:
An act for the relief of Wm. B. Lang.
An act for the relief of the owners of the ship
He! aid, of Baltimore.
An act for the relief of Joseph Curwen, surviv-
ing- partner of Willing & Curwen.
The following House bills were read twice, and
referred to the Committee of Claims, viz:
An act for the relief of Phineas Capen, adminis-
trator of John Cox, deceased, of Boston, Massa-
chusetts.
An act for the relief of David Thomas, of the
city of Philadelphia.
An act for the relief of Elisha F. Richards.
The House bills with the following titles were
read twice and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, viz:
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Ruddle.
An act authorizing the Trustees of Tymochtee
township, Wyandott county, Ohio, to select lands
for schools within the Wyandot reserve.
An act authorizing the inhabitants of township
one, of ran°e thirteen east, Seneca county, Ohio,
to relinquish certain lands selected for schools, and
to obtain others in lieu thereof.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Richard C. Allen, deceased.
An act for the relief of John Milsted, of Escam-
bia county, Florida.
The following entitled bills from the House of
Representative*, were read twice and referred to
the Committee on Pensions, viz:
An act for the relief of William Pool.
An act for the relief of Benjamin Allen.
An act for the relief of Aquila Goodwin.
The (House) bill providing for the distribution
of the laws and treaties of the United States, pub-
lished by Litde & Brown, under the provisions of
the resolution of Congress, approved March 3,
18-15, and for other purposes, was read; when
Mr. BENTON moved that its further considera-
tion be postponed indefinitely, and submitted a few
remarks in deprecation of this practice of publish-
ing books by Congress for distribution among them-
selves.
After a conversation between Senators CASS,
ALLEN, BERRIEN, and others,
Mr. BENTON withdrew his motion to postpone
indefinitely, and the subject was laid over until to-
morrow.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial, numer-
ously signed by colliers, iron miners, and man-
ufacturers of Richmond, Virginia, praying that the
duties on foreign iron and coal may not be reduced;
the motion to print which was refened to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented a me-
morial of Samuel and Philip T. Ellicott, manufac-
turers of chemicals, praying that crude brimstone
and saltpetre may continue to be admitted free of
duty; a motion to print which was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of the
Select and Common Councils of the city of Philadel-
phia, praying that an appropriation may be made
for the construction of a dry-dock at that place;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. C. also presented a memorial of the Board
of Wardens of the port of Philadelphia, praying
the construction of a dry-dock at the same place ;
which took a similar reference.
Mr. GREENE presented several resolutions,
passed by the General Assembly of Rhode Island
and Providence Plantations, declaring that the
thanks of the American people are due to General
Taylor and his army for the victories of the 8th
and 9th of May, expressing their sympathies for
the, friends and families of those who were killed
or wounded, and recommending that provision be
made for their support; which were ordered to be
printed.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing the action of said House
on the Senate amendments to the army appropria-
tion bill.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, asked that said committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the memorial of
the Cherokee Indians residing in North Carolina;
which was agreed to.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Seneca S. Simmons; which
was read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Indian
A.ffairs, reported without amendment the (House)
bill for the relief of the heirs and legal representa-
tives of Cyrus Turner.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, asked that said committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
Thomas L. Kideger, in behalf of the Apalachicola
Indians; -which was agreed to.
Mr. J. also asked that said committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of Benjamin Crawford; which was agreed to.
Mr. J. further asked that said committee be dis-
charged from the petition of C-. M. Hitchcock, ex-
ecutor of A. R. S. Hunter; which was agreed to.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported without amendment the (House)
bill to grant the right of preemption to actual set-
tlers on the lands acquired by treaty from the Mi-
ami Indians in Indiana.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill to graduate and reduce
the price of the public lands, and for other pur-
poses, reported it with amendments; which were
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported that he had been instructed by
said committee to move the Senate to take up the
bill for the admission of Iowa into the Union.
THE SUB-TREASURY BILL.
Mr. LEWIS moved to take up the sub-treasury
bill.
Mr. EVANS objected. He hoped that that bill
would not be taken up thus unexpectedly. It was
always usual to give notice of such bills.
Mr. LEWIS said he had given notice informal-
ly some days since.
Mr. EVANS was willing to allow the Senator
from Alabama the opportunity, if he desired it, of
giving an exposition of the bill. But he repeated
the hope that it would not be attempted to take it
up now for consideration.
Mr. LEWIS said, in reply, that the bill had
been on the table for several weeks, and there had
been ample opportunity for examining it. There
was a good deal of anxiety felt on this side of the
House that the bill should be taken up and dis-
posed of.
Mr. CASS was in favor of the bill, but he ob-
jected to its being taken up now. It was an im-
portant measure, to be sure, but there were others
of equal importance on the table—such as the river
and harbor bill, which he wished to see taken up.
Mr. ALLEN called for Ihe yeas and nays, which
were taken, with the following result:
YEAS— Messis. Allen, Ashley, Atherton, Bagby, Benton,
Breesc, Bright. Calhoun, Chalmers, Dickinson, Div- Fan -
field, Haywood, Lewi;., MeDutiie, Niles, Pennvbaeker, Se-
vier, Stuigeon, Turney, Westcott, and Yulee—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Atchison, Barrow, Berrien,
Cass, Cilley, John M. Clayton, Thomas Clayton, Corwin,
Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Evans, Greene, Hannegan,
Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of
Maryland, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Pearce, Phelps,
Ru k, Semple, Simmons, Speight, Uphain, and Webster—30.
So the bill was not taken up.
THE RIVER AND HARBOR BILL
Mr. DIX then moved to take up the river and
harbor bill.
Mr. BAGBY objected. He was opposed to the
bill in principle, and with a view to record his vote,
asked for the yeas and nays on the question; and
they were ordered accordingly.
Mr. DIX slated that this was a bill of the House
of Representatives, which had been referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and which made appro-
priations for works now in progress. It had been
awaiting the action of the Senate a long time, but
had been deferred ill consequence of the war meas-
ures. He hoped it would be taken up.
The yeas and nays were then taken on the ques-
tion, with the following result:
YE \S—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Barrow, Ben-
ton, Berrien, Breese, Bright, Cameron, Cass, J." M. Clay-
ton, Thomas Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden, Davis, Day-
ton, Dickinson, Dix, Greene, Hannegan, Houston, Hunting-
ton, Jarnagin, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnsonof Maryland,
Miller. Morehead, Pearee. Phelps, Rusk, Semple, Sevier,
Simmons, Speight, Sturgeon, Upham, and Webster—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Bagby, Chalmers, Cilley,
Evans, Fairfield, I-Iaywood, Lewis, Mancrum, Niles, Peniiy-
backer, Turney, Westcott, and Yulee—34
