1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1117
So the Senate took up the bill, and as in commit-
tee of the whole proceeded to the consideration of
the amendments reported by the Committee, on
Commerce, to whom the bill had been referred.
After a desultory and conversational debate, two
of the.amendments were adopted; and the further
consideration of the bill was then postponed until
to-morrow.
The tariff.
The Senate then, as in committee of the whole,
proceeded to the consideration of the tariff bill.
Mr. NILES spoke in opposition to the bill. Af-
ter a few general introductory remarks, he remark-
ed that he -would first say a few words on the
relative merits of the tariff of 1842 and the bill.
The act of 1842 had never been an object of assault
on the part of the Democracy of the North. On the
contrary, it was the object of defence. Certain de-
tails had been objected to—some of its provisions
had been regarded as discriminating unjustly; but
these objections had been urged chiefly for the pur-
pose of meeting the extravagant pretensions in its
favor set up on the other side. The uniformity
and stability of the operation of the law was with-
out parallel. He then spoke of the new bill as an
administration measure. As a friend of that Ad-
ministration, he profoundly regretted the introduce
tion of the bill, and as a friend of the Administra-
tion he would vote against it. He would use the
language of Edmund Burke, who on one occasion
remarked, in justification of his opposition to a
measure of the Minister, that he " was supporting
his lordship's interests against his lordship's
opinions." He then proceeded to state his objec-
tions to the bill. First, he objected to it on the
ground of its introduction at the present time, when
the nation was involved in the expenses of a war.
Next he objected to the manner in which the bill
had been prepared and introduced. There was
something novel even m that. If it passed it would
pass against the judgment of a majority of the
Senate. A sort of special Congress—a very small
Congress—a supplement of Congress, composed
of subordinate custom-house officers, had been con-
vened for the purpose of arranging the details of
the bill. He had gone to the room of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of the other House in
order to attend to some business of his constitu-
ents, and there found that it hail been taken pos-
session of by these custom-house officers, who very
politely told him that they would look into his
business. He complained of such a mode of man-
ufacturing the bill—a bill full of strange crudities
and conflicting provisions and principles.
He then went on to speak of the principles of
the bill. It was the mere creature of the theory
in the Secretary of the Treasury—a theory found-
ed on the old exploded philosophy of putting forth
categories and bringing your facts within them.
It was destitute of the principle of incidental pro-
tection, which he would not allow to slip through
his fingers by any hocus-pocus, legerdemain, treas-
ury management, or any other sort of management.
All these themes and abstractions he held in utter
contempt. He had no respect for them. He
would frame a tariff law, as he would any other
law, on the principles of common sense. He
would look to the cffect of the law, not only on
the treasury, butits effect incidentally, collaterally,
every way. He would make it productive of rev-
enue, and at the same time as little burdensome
and as highly beneficial to all the interests of the
country as possible. The ad valorem principle
was another new one, and he wished to know \ifhy
it was so pertinaciously adhered to? Was there
any other reason, except it was the favorite ab-
straction of somebody, though universal common
sense revolted against it ? He showed the bad and
oppressive operation of the ad valorem scheme,
instancing the articles of iron and molasses. A
steady and safe principle was wanted. He then
entered -on an examination of the details of the
bill. He contended that the great woollen inter-
est—soon to be far greater than the cotton—was
not sufficiently cared for. A consignment of
fifty thousand pounds of wool from Chicago was
sold the other day to the proprietor of a carpet fac-
tory in one of the eastern Slates. Wool was here-
after to be the great staple of the northwestern
States. Ten millions of wool was consumed an-
nually in his State. Such was the great and grow-
ing interest—he would not say, sacrificed—but.
certainly not sufficiently cared for by the bill. The
manufacture of ready-made clothing, which afford-
ed employment to so many thousands of poor fe-
males, was left entirely unprotected. Manufactures
of iron received Irish protection—protection down-
wards. He described the legislation of Great Brit-
ain, with respect to the iron manufacturers, which
enabled the British manufacturer to undersell the
American. The British manufacturer got his
Swedish iron free of duty—the American paid
30 per cent, for it. But Great Britain legislated on
principles of common sense, not on theories and
abstractions. Such was the way in which they
treated the laborers engaged in the manufacture
of iron. Well, they might not have much logic,
but they had nerves, and when they felt, they
would make themselves heard. He then spoke of
the duties on paper. He was a paper-manufac-
turer himself; and though it had been said that all
manufacturers got everlastingly rich, yet he could
only say for himself that he had got almost ever-
lastingly poor. The bill, he argued, would have
a most injurious effect upon this interest, inclu-
ding the book interest also. He stigmatized the
folly and blindness of taxing the raw material,
and went on to describe the injurious operation of
the bill on the silk inteiest. He was contending,
he said, for the interests of the free labor of the
country. He was contending for the principle of
the greatest good to the greatest number. He be-
lieved that was democracy. At all events it was
sound legislation. He then proceeded to speak of
the bill as a financial measure. He alleged that
there would be a very large diminution of impor-
tations. The prudent anil sensible men engaged
in commerce would suspend and curtail thcir oper-
ations. Then he spoke of the general policy of
the bill. The design of the bill was to attempt by
legislation to change the course of the industry of
the country. Could they dare to do that? In
order to do what ? He would not say to benefit
slave labor. He was there to defend free labor,
which was menaced by the bill. The policy at-
tempted was to stimulate the exportation of the
staples of the country, and the returns of importa-
tions, at the expense of all the domestic industry
of the country. It seemed to be intended to bring
society back to the primilive ages—to confine hu-
man labor to the production onlv of the fruits of
the earth. Was that possible? tie was convinced
that it was not. Even if wise, if consistent with
the intelligence of the age, would it be just thus to
sacrifice the interests which had grown up and
taken deep root in the country, which demanded
protection and which would have it ? All history
proved that no nation could be great and flourish-
ing without the cultivation of the arts, employing
all the industry of the country. It was the result
of such accumulated and diversified industry that
had made England and France what they were,
and which even now gave such premise of future
greatness to this country. But if the bill passed,
all that promise was nipped in the bud. It would
be equivalent to an act of general confiscation. In
describing the disastrous effects of the repeal of
the act of 1842, he said that the only parallel to it
to be found in history was the repeal of the Edict
of Nantz. The reason urged why England should
pursue such a course, is an argument why we
should not pursue it. Her interests are in conflict
with ours. What if she has reduced some of her
duties ? It is generally upon such articles as com-
pose her export trade. England never indulges in
experiments and theoretical speculations. She
goes on known facts. She is modifying; we ought
to modify. But she is not uprooting. Her legisla-
tion is always based on knowledge, not on theo-
retical speculations. The true policy of our country
is to increase its exports, not its imports. Mr. N.
here read a table, showing that we import more
largely from England than any country in Europe,
proportionally resembling, in this respect, one of
her colonies. The times of our greatest commer-
cial d ifficulties were times of large importations.
In these times everything was at a stand: grass
grew in the streets; everything looked as if the pall
of death had been thrown over us. Why, then,
are attempts made now to stimulate importations ?
Examples are numerous to show that we need no
stimulus to increase importation. Our imports too
frequently overrun our exports. England—as seen
by a table to which he referred—always sees that
.her exports are as great, and generally greater,
than, her imports—in some periods nearly double.
He felt it his duty to say something on the po-
litical aspect of the question. The party to which
he belonged had tried -to make it their party meas-
ure. If so, it must be founded on that party's
principles. Are the principles of . this bill Demo-
cratic principles?. He was obliged to use these
names. He always believed it wrong to connect
this question with the politics of the country. It
was wrong to endanger this measure—to have it
sink or rise by the rise or fall pf parties. It is
unwise to tie it to party; but if it is to be made
a party question, we must see whether it is in
accordance with the party's principles. The prin-
ciple of this bill has a strong southern squint—a
squinting towards cotton and tobacco. As a
northern man, he must look to the known feelings
of his constituents on this question. He believed
this bill entirely different from the principles of
Democracy. A great body of the Democracy be-
lieve in discrimination for protection. A strong
body of the Democracy had written to Inm just after
his election, anxiously asking whether he would
desert them. He replied, he would not; and he
would stand upon the record. Are we to be rob-
bed of our principles by agreeing with the Secre-
tary that there can be no discri m illation for protec-
tion? May we not find ourselves arrayed against
our own people? He considered this bill hostile
to the Democracy of his State, and to the Democ-
racy of the North generally. He had gone as far
as any man could with a safe conscience. Some
might think that he had sometimes gone too far;
however, he thought he had gone as far any man
could safely go; but there was a limit beyond which
lie would not go. There was an adage at the North
—homely but full of meaning—"Let every tub stand
on its own bottom;" but when northern tubs stand
on southern bottoms, they don'L stand very steady.
Not long since we had a public man who had
accommodated his northern principles to southern
men, so much that he had been called a northern
man with southern principles. However this
might be, the South prevented him from running
ageiin. The South, whether they had the Presi-
dent or not, always had the central jiaper, to man-
ufacture public opinion—to manufacture Demo-
cratic sentiment. It is said that there is an at-
tempt now made to manufacture public opinion.
It is said that this is the great measuic (if the age.
And we are called upon, for this, to sacrifice the
interests of our constituents. It appears that we
must be still hewers of wood and drawers of water
to England, and this is the great measure of the,
age! But we must maintain our own principles
at the North. This bill will not obtain the moral
sanction of the community. If passed, it cannot
stand long. It will throw a doubt over everything.
The measure was in the hands of his friends all
around him. He was embarked in the same
ship with them. If the pilot errs, and the siiip is
driven on the breakers, all must go down together.
Though he looked upon this as a fatal measure,
yet, if they voted for it, and the ship is run upon
the breakers, he would not desert the ship. He
would go down with them; but he would have a
consolation which they could not have. lie had
raised a timely voice, and he had stretched out a
timely hand, to arrest the calamity. He had done
what he could—what was his duty. He had raised
his voice early, when he found out the extraordi-
nary course to be pursued by his friends. That
voice had been heard throughout the country. If
that voice could only arrest thi3 measure, he would
feel that his public life had not been altogether un-
productive ofgood. It would be more productive of
good to the country than he ever expected it to be.
But whether he succeeded in arresting it or not, he
felt it to be his duty to state that there was at least
one on his side of the Chamber who could not be
whipped in to support any such measure. Why
is this bill pressed under existing circumstances >
He had asked his friends again and again why such
a measure was pressed at such a time as this. No
reason had been, and none could be, given. He
hoped it would not be pressed through at such a
time as this. It should be passed over to the next
Congress. Let the people have a chance to pro-
nounce judgment upon it. They had not had that
opportunity. Now that it has been brought before
them, let them decide. He considered himself
bound by the people of his State to vote against it.
He had denied the right of instruction; but here
are instructions, (pointing to a book before him
containing some statistics of Connecticut;) to these
instructions he would adhere. They were the
