1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
record of the interests of the industry of his State.
In tins hour the people of his State exacted him
to stand by them, and he would not fail. He would
appeal to the southerners, even, around him—to
their sense of justice and candor. This measure
may be for your benefit; but, like the frogs in the
fable, though it may be sport for you, it is death
for our constituents. He would appeal to southern
gentlemen whether they wili press a measure upon
the North so unjust and so unequal. Thus ap-
peal mg, he would, leave it with them, prepared to
abide (he issue, whatever it may be. He would
have the consolation that he had done his duty,
lie wanted no sectional measures for the benefit of
his constituents. It had been said that the protec-
tive policy was a sectional measure. He did not
so consider it; but even if it had been so, do not
remedy one evil by committing another. Will you
remedy one wrong by committing a greater wrong?
If this measure becomes a law, the damage will
not only be serious, but it will take long, long years
to repair the injuries which it will inflict upon the
country.
Mi*. NILES having taken his'seat, after a short
pause,
Mr. MOREHEAD moved that'the .Senate go
into Executive session, which was afterwards
modified to a motion to adjourn.
The Senate accordingly adjourned till to-morrow
at ten o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 20, 184G.
The Journal of Saturday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced the special order of
the day, being the consideration of the report of
the select committee on the subject of the public
printing.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. THOMAS B. KING asked and obtained
leave to make a personal explanation. He said:
Mr. Speaker: It will be recollected that when
the vote was taken on the passage of the tariff bill,
1 was absent from the House. I perceive this cir-
cumstance has been seized upon by some of the
Administration papers of the country, and the im-
pression attempted to be made that I dodged the
vote. Now, sir, I beg leave to say that 1 am not
in the habit of " dodging'' any question. ILivin°-
been quite unwell t'ui home days, I left the city for
the double purpose of health and the transaction
of important business, with the intention of return-
ing m time to vote u^ninst the bill. The debate
was to cease on Thutsday. It was my opinion,
and also the opinion of gentlemen I consulted,
that Friday would be occupied in voting on amend-
ments, and that as Saturday would be the 4th of
July, the vote on the passage of the bill would not
be taken until Monday. Under this impression,
and from the urgent nature of my business, I did
liot return to "vote on Fnday. Had I been here, 1
.should have voted against the bill; and I do not
desire to escape any responsibility which may
attach to such a vote. I disapprove of the princi-
ple on which the hill h framed, and of its details; and
it is my intention, at an early day, to express my
views at length on the whole subject. Meantime,
however, 1 cannot permit an erroneous impression
to go abroad respecting my position in regard to
it. The bill having passed by a majority of 19,
my vote against it would not have varied the re-
sult.
Mr. PAYNE asked leave to present a petition.
Objected to.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. HENLEY moved that the House resolve
itsnlf into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of pioceeding to the con-
widciation of the special order.
the appropriation bills.
Mr. McKAY said it was very desirable that the
bill under consideration on Thursday last, making
appropriations for paying delegations of Indian's
(to enable them to return home) and for other pur-
poses, should be acted upon. Also, the army ap-
propriation bill, winch had been returned from the
Senate with amendments. In order to act upon
these bills, he would move that the consideration I
of the special order be postponed for the present. !
He presumed they wo«M not take long. !
Mr. G. DAVIS said that the spccial order had
already been postponed a week, and he trusted that
it would not be further postponed. He supposed
there was 110 doubt that it could be acted upon to-
day.
And the question being on postponement,
Mr. G. DAVIS asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and, being taken, were—yeas 75,
nays 65.
So the consideration of the special order was
postponed.
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
VARIOUS OBJECTS OF APPROPRIATION.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. McDowell, of Ohio, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill making
additional appropriates for certain objects of ex-
penditure therein specified, and which are as fol-
lows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Representatives
of the United State* of Jlmerica in assembled. That
the following sums of money be, and the panic are hereby,
appropriated for the several objects ol'expenditure hereafter
specilird, vi/.:
For the pay and mileage of membeis of Congress and del-
egates, one hundied and sixty thousand seven hundred
dollars;
For the expenses of the mission to the wild Indians of the
piaitie, including the expenses of a delegation of these In-
dians to this city nnd back to their homes, and also some
piesenl^ to them, sixty-one thousand five hundred and forty
dollar*: ProtideJ* That no other oi higher compensation
shall be paid to the commissioners appointed to negotiate
with said Indians than is authorized by the act appioved
seventeenth July, eighteen hundred and forty-two, nor shall
anv expendituie be allowed by the accounting ottiecrs but
what shall appear to have been proper and reasonable;
For fulfilling the treaty with the Kansas Indians, viz : in-
toiest on two hundred thousand dollars af live per cent, in
lieu of investment, per second article of treaty of fourteenth
Julv, eighteen hundred and forty-six, ten thousand dollars;
For defraying the necessary expenses of negotiating tlio
treaty, payment to the Methodist Episcopal Church for im-
provements, erection of a mill, and for provisions, per same
article and treaty, two thousand dollars ;
For expense* of surveying the. western line of lands ceded
and marking the same, per third article of same treaty, one
thousand dollars.
The pending question was on the motion of Mr.
McKAY to increase the item for pay and mileage
of members from $160,700 to #176,548, so as to
cover the time between the 3d of August (the day
to which the appropriation was first made appli-
cable) to the 30th of August, the day on which
Congress has decided to adjourn.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question then rccurred on the motion of
Mr. Cobb, to strike out the said item.
Some explanation followed between Messrs.
McKAY and DROMG-OOLE, in relation to the
appropriation for a similar object in the 'civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. DROMGOOLE advocated the amendment
of Mr. Cobb, and warmly opposed the clause in
the bill appropriating money for the pay and mile-
age of members. He considered it inconsistent
with the dignity of the House to pass another
separate bill for their own pay, after passing the
general civil and diplomatic bill providing for the
compensation of all the other officers of the Gov-
ernment, and while the passage of that bill was
delayed by the Senate. In passing that bill the
House had done its duty. If it should now pass
this new bill for the pay of its own members alone,
what security had gentlemen that the same delay
would not happen in the Senate on this bill as had
already occurred on the general bill ? There was
nothing in the argument of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to show that the I
General bill did not contain ample provision to meet
the wants of the House; and if it should be found ,
that a deficit took place under it, that deficit, could 1
be provided for at the next session, when its j
amount would be accurately known. It was con- i
trary to all precedent thus to appropriate to meet :
deficiencies before they took place, and the extent |
of which could not now be known; and more es- 1
pecially to do this in our own individual behalf. I
It was a bad precedent, and of pernicious tenden- i
ey, thus to draw a line between members of Con ■
£ress and all other persons to be paid out of the !
treasury for service to the Government. It was '
degrading to the House thus to pass a repetition :
of the appropriations contained in another bill, j
Ttv;us the entering-wedge to a discrimination in '
legislation to which he was utterly opposed. 1
Should the deficiency first have occurred, and its 1
amount been known, then there would be a justifica-
tion for passing a bill of this character, but not at
present. It was equivalent to saying to the Sen-
ate, " If you will only just pass this little bill to
cover our pay and mileage, you may then delay
passing the general b^l providing for the wants of
everybody else just as long as you please." There
was no reason to expect the Senate would pasjs this
bill any sooner than they would the other; nay,
there was less reason, because the other bill, being
of more intrinsic and general importance, it was
to be presumed that body would first direct its
attention to it in preference to a matter of second-
ary importance.
Mr. HAMLIN concurred in the views expressed
by the gentleman from Virginia, and he should not
go for the bill under any circumstances. He con-
sidered it a reproach to this body to pass such a
bill. Why was it that the general bill had been
held up in the Senate for so many weeks and.
months? It had been the usual course to defer the
passage of this general appropriation bill to the
last hours of the last day of the session, and then,
though amendments might have been proposed of
a very objectionable character, they were fastened
upon the bill, and either they must be passed or
the passage of the bill sacrificed. He thought it
was high time to put an end to such a course of
legislation. The bill ought to have been returned
long since. Then there would be time to consider,
and deliberately to act upon amendments, and re-
ject them, and still time left to perfect the bill.
There had been one amendment inserted into the
general bill which regulated the pay and mileage
of the members of the House, and which he con-
sidered as of great importance; but if the general
bill should be held back till the last moment of the
session, that amendment might be swept away,
and the bill must be passed without it, or its pas-
sage be endangered.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON replied to Mr. Hamlin,
mainly with a view to correct erroneous impres-
sions into which (he said) that gentleman and the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole] had
fallen in relation to the action of the Committee of
Ways and Means. As to the motion to strike out,
Mr. H. expressed himself indifferent whether it
prevailed or not. He happened to have a little
pocket change himself, which would answer him
to the end of the session.
Several voices. Give us a little of it?
Mr. HOUSTON. I have none to lend.
Several voices. Not a dollar?
Mr. HOUSTON. I have just enough to do me
to the end of the session, but have none to lend.
And if other gentlemen are provided for, they can
suit themselves as to the vote they e;ive.
A voice. If you cannot lend, will you endorse ?
Mr. HOUSTON. No; I will not endorse
either.
Mr. MORSE, of Louisiana, replied to the re-
marks of Mr. Hamlin about the amendment to
the general appropriation bill which regulated the
mileage of members. He considered it highly
indecorous and improper for the members of one
House to reflect on the course pursued by a coor-
dinate branch of the Legislature.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he had carefully ab-
stained from so doing.
Mr. MORSE said the gentleman from Maine
had not; he had spoken about odious amendments
to be fastened on the bill by the Senate in the last
moments of the session, and had suggested his
fears that a very useful and important amendment
regulating the mileage of members was to be strick-
en out. Mr. M. did hope that amendment would
be stricken out. This might, m truth, be called
an " odious" amendment. Mr. M. here went into
some rather warm remarks on the gross injustice
and oppression which the amendment would in-
flict on a portion of the members of the House
whose homes were at a distance from the seat of
Government, and who could not attend the sessions
of Congress without the most serious sacrifice of
their personal interest and comfort. If any differ-
ence was made in the compensation of different
classes of the members of that House, these indi-
viduals, who came so far, and at so great a sacri-
fice, ought to receive more, rather than less, than
was allowed to others. Those whose homes were
near, could step off by railroad at any time, and
attend to their private business or the wants of
their families; but men who^ like Mr. M , travel-
led two thousand six hundred miles to come here,
