1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20.
entitled. All the other officers of the Govern-
ment—our civil officers, the officers of our army
and navy—are paid, or could have been paid, if
they thought proper to make the demand, up to
the 1st July. I5ut tins could not have been the
case with regard to members of Congress. If these
appropriations were not made now, his friend from
Virginia said, the appropriation by the civil and
diplomatic bill would have been applicable. It
was true it might have been, but not strictly; the
appropriations by that bill are applicable to the'
service of the present fiscal year, and it would be
seen from the statement he had already made that
theie was a deficiency in this particular in part for
the service of the last year, the appropriation being
made for pay and mileage only up to 1st June.
Mr. KW1NG-, of Pennsylvania, called upon the
gentleman, as but few minutes were remaining for
debate, to bring forward the estimates for the In-
dian appropriation which was proposed.
Mr. McKAY said that, supposing from the in-
quiry made from the other side of the House, no
timber opposition would be made to this portion
of the bill, he would dismiss it by simply calling
attention to one further point. It might be sup-
posed that this was unusual that a bill appropriating
for the pay and mileage of members of Congress
should be passed separately. To show that this
was not the case, Mr. McK. cited the bill passed
December 22, 3841, for the pay and mileage of
members and others.
Some explanation in reference to that bill took
place between Messrs. DROMGOOLE and Mc-
KAY.
Mr. McKAY (continuing) remarked it was evi-
dent that this appropriation must be made either
at the present session, or, if members were paid out
of the civil and diplomatic bill, an appropriation
would become necessary at the next session; and
it had better be done now; they should take the
responsibility of it now.
.Now, m reference to the only remaining item of
sixty-one thousand and odd dollars, to pay the ex-
penses of the mission to the tribe of wild Indians
bordering on Texas and Mexico: A commission
was instituted in September last, composed of Mr.
P. M. Butler, late Governor of South Carolina, and
Col. M, G.Lewis. In the coursc of that month they
went into-the country occupied by these Indians,
and were engaged there some months in the nego-
tiation of a treaty. A treaty has been concluded
with perhaps some eleven bands of Indians. The
commissioners thought proper, without any special
mstiuctions upon that subject from the Indian bu-
reau, to bring on a deputation of some forty-seven
Indians to this city; and to meet the expenditures
ineuiicd by these commissioners m this mission,
this sum of sixty-one thousand and odd dollars was
designed to be appropriated. He would read from
the instructions given to the commissioners.
After a word of conversation between Mr. EW-
I]NTG, of Pennsylvania, and Mr. McKAY—
Mr. McKAY proceeded. The Commissioner of
Indian Affairs had furnished him with a statement
showing that drafts to the amount of $25,223 had
been drawn; of which $8,293 had been paid, leav-
ing unpaid to the commissioners §16,929.
13 e had a letter from Mr. Lewis, one of the com-
missioners, from which he would read:
July, 17. 1310.
Sir: The following 13 a rough estimate 01 the expendi-
tUH'N of the comnns.-ioneis to the prairie Indians. It is
m-ule m the absence ol memorandums and papeis essential
to a correct estimate:
Labor, packmen, runners to Indians, &c £12,000
Mules, hoi.ses, saddles &c  <i,w00
Merchandise lor present*  1">,00U
1'ioviMons, &c 
Beef ^applies  14,000
Tian^poitation and incidental expense:-.  4,000
i\iy ot mterpieters and delegations from fnendly In-
dians, jVIu^cogees, Oheiokces, tfemmoles, &e  4,500
Purchase of pn-:Ouer:   5iX)
Expenses of Indian delegation to Washington  3,0:J0
$.0, >UJ
The pay of the commissioners is fixed by the commission,
a copy 01 which \ ou have.
T11N estimate may took large; but when all the circum-
stances aie taken into eonMderatiori, I think it will he fully
justified.
The Cumanches are a roving people, anrl hunt from the
Rio ftia.ide to the Arkansas, and ba<-k to the lto< kv Moun-
tains. Thcvstavbut a few dajs at am point, and ihe diffi-
culty of lidding them can only be known to those who have
been among them in the prairies. Tnere aie five or pix
ba*ids ot them. Separate 1 unners had to be scut to the dif-
ferent bands. For tneir safety they had to f?o m companies
of six or eight, and had to pack their pi ovisions. The mules
to ride and pack and provtsions had to be furnished; and in
addition to the ordinary price of runners? they had to be
pfiul for the ha/am.
We had to carry a tolerably large force with us on ac-
count of the hostile disposition of the Indians. We applied
to General Arbuckld lor a company of dragoons 5 but on
account ot the Cherokee difficulties they could not be spared^
and we had to take young men fro.n civil life. .Mules to
lido and pack, and provisions, had to be furnished.
The Indians came in «lowly and at long intervals. Some
lived a long way off; some were kept off by evil reports
fiorn selfish, interested persons, and a second set of runners,
in some instances with presents, had to be sent amongst
them to correct these reports. It was an unusually wet
winter and opting, and Indians will not travel in the rain.
Tlicy are not to be hurried by any inducement. All these
things produced delay, and delay was attended unavoidably
with great expense. We had to feed all that came m, and
tbo e that came m first would not go into council till all had
assembled 5 and we had to teed hundreds tor several months
till the last band ot the Cumanehes arnved, and we finished
the treaty. The ration per day foi each is eight or ten
x pounds of beef. The auiouut of goods given as presents
was much increased by the necessity of our sending presents
; b} 0111 runners to conciliate them, and induce them to come
into council at all, though I think the amount well expended,
fot it had a tendency, not only to conciliate, but to convince
them of our Miicerity.
The delegation of the different prauie tribes to this city,
was appioved by every man we saw on the frontier, as the
onl) w«. y of coiroctnig tben erroneous impressions about
our numbers, strength, and resources, and to secure peace
and quiet on rhe borders during the Mexican difficulties.
I c.irmot niaice a full and detailed report till the arrival of
my colleague, who is detained b> mdtspo-ot'on, or till I re-
ceive the papeis in his po-session, which I have written lor.
As soon as he aiuves, or I get the p.ipeis, I will make a
I tuli, and, T hope, satisfactory report. I hope this hasty
sketch, which r  not sent as a repoit, will be satisfactory for
the present. Your obedient servant,
M. G. LEWIS.
Hon. Chairman of tho Committee of Ways and Means.
In reply to an inquiry of Mr. Barringer, Mr.
KcK. said there were forty-seven Indians. With
reference to their board here, there had been some
misstatement. It was supposed that $2 per day
was paid for board of each; the fact was that the
commissioner made a contract before the arrival of
these Indians, with the keeper of the hotel for their
board at $6 per week.
Mr. McKAY had here the instructions of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to these sub-qpm-
mibsiorieis.
Mr. THURMAN. By what commissioner were
these instructions given?
Mr. McKAY. By Mr. Crawford.
Mr. McK. read from the instructions, which are
as follows:
War Department,
Ojjice Indian Affairs, September 12,. 1843.
Gentlemen: It has been deemed ot great importance,
undei even ordinaly ciicuiic-tiinces, to maintain a good un-
demanding with the Cu>nanehc< and other wild tribes of
Indians on the southwestern pranies; and now, when
stronger ie.v-.ons exist lor it, it is thought to be an imperative
duty to •-end a com mi-^ion, especially qualified, tomoetthe^o
bolder tribes, to open negotiations for pledging them anew
to a course ot peace and amity, with tho United Suites, to
conciliate their good will by addressing them 111 kind talks
and making them small presents.
There is, further, an obligation to humanity which hinds
us to ihe release ot white pri,-oneis (variously represented
to be in number fiom 15 to 10!) and upward-:, women and
children) held in servile bondage by the Guinanches, and,
perhapN, other wild tubes. These maybe the children ot
ciu/.ens or inhabitant- of ihe United States, or Tex.t-*, and
pel ha])- of Mexico. I send you a copy of the 32d article of
the treaty concluded with Mexico on the 5th day of April,
1^31, by which you will perceive wc have engaged to pei-
foim the duty hereby imposed towaids Mexico—-of which
Texas being then a part, independent of our pi es-ent peculiar
relations to the latter, is entitled to the benefit.
The place that shomd be stl-cted for your inteivievv is
one of some consequence, m refeienee not only to your and
their convenience, but to the gieatei facility of procuring
then attendance at «-uch time a- shall be fixed on. Jt ought
to hij,l should think, in the iu i«rlilx>rhood ot the Cumanche
Teak; but of this jou must judge, and adopt the plan sug-
gested, 01 any other that, upon a closer view of the cncum- j
st mees, shall be deemed nunc piepei.
The time ought to be as soon a< conveniently practicable ;
no delay that can be avoided should take place; and youi >
exertions aie idled 011 in tins particular. " 1
The gic.tt object is the pifoetvation of amity with the
wild Indians that you will visit—of whom the chief and
contiolling spirits are the Cumum-hes. Our excited and ex-
citable relation1- with Mexico, increase very gieatly the im-
portance of thw movement, upon the successful issue of
which might, in ceitain events, depend the lives of many of
our citizens.
The lieaty of 1835 between the J'njted Slates and "all
the indrv'iduals conrposina the Cumanche and Witchetaw
nations and their associate hands or tribes of Indians, and
between the-e nations or tribes, and the Cherokee, Mus-
cogee, Choctaw, Osage, Seneca, and Clunpaw nations or
tubes of Indian?," hinds the Cumanche?, &e., to perpetual
peace and hiendship with us.
I scud you a manusci ipt eopj of it; you Will direct your
efthit«. to the ur mil point, in which jou will find the tieaty
of 1835 of sonic soivice. Special instructions it is impossi-
ble to give, with minuteness; and, if practicable, they could |
not be necessary to gentlemen so familiar with all that can
conduce to the able ifischaige of the duty imposed. {
Kindness in deportment ami language will be returned by i
good feeling, and the depicting of tlie power and strength •
of the United States, and their ability and determination to
use them to put down and punish then- enemies, will address
itself to their fears and understanding?. This Jast is^ how-
ever, a most delicate topic, which must be handled with
great skill-—so used, good may come of it; but wild as these
Indians are, they have no adequate idea of our population
and force, and may construe an allusion to our comparative
strength into a bravado, or perhaps a threat,. In using this
instrument, I advise great caution; it' may operate most
beneficially. It can hardly fail to do so. Resort to it seems
to me wise, if not indispensable, and I confide m your discre-
tion to seize upon tire time and circumstances for doing it
most seasonably and effectively.
It will be proper to reduce your agreement, or treaty of
pacification and friendship, with them to writing, so as to
preserve it, but especially for the purpose of giving as much
solemnity and fprra to the act and your doings as possible.
The form is not material, so their engagements shall he
strongly and dimply expressed.
Some presents will be indispensable, consisting of tobac-
co, calicoes, trinkets, and whatever may be thought to be
useful or pleasing to them. In this expenditure I request
that economy may be consulted so far as shall consist with
the successful discharge of your duty.' It is impossible to
specily what would be a proper allowance of money for the
number of the Indians who may be expected to as-cmblc.
I cannot, at this moment, approach by eonjectuie ; you will
be able, before you meet them, to form some opinion on this
subject. The purpose of your visit is looked upon as na-
tional under existing circumstances, and I would ill dis-
charge my duty by so,tying you down as by possibility to
defeat a great purpose.'
Provisions—at least beef, which is probably all you can
furnish—will also be necessary while the Indians are in con-
vention with you. The supply, I presume, must be pro-
cured in the settlements of Texas. For the expenditures
authorized, you are empowered to draw on the department,
so far as they exceed the sum of $500, advanced on account
of contingencies.
The subject of the white persons represented to be
among these wild Indians, alone remains for a few remarks.
These persons mu^t belong to the United States, to Texas,
or Mexico. In either case, we are bound (as before ex-
plained) by positive duty, as well as by the general bonds of
humanity, to procure their release. We have generally paid
about $200 each for the ransom of white boys brought into
Fort Gibson. There ought to be a reduction of at least
one-half or more on account of thoir being in the woods,
and there probably Should be a further reduction on account
of then being ransomed in large numbers. Should you suc-
ceed m releasing any number of these unfortunate captives,
you will please bring them on with yon fo the Choctaw
Agcnoy, and deliver them to Major William Armstrong; and
for whatever funds may be necessary to effect thei r ransom,
you will please draw on this office. Major Annstrong will
be instructed in relation to these persons who we may be to
fortunate as to relieve, on receipt of advices that they are
in his possession.
The negotiations for the ransom of the captives will be
conducted so as to convince the Indians that they must not,
because we pay them a consideration for the release of the
prisoners theynowhave, make such captive* hereafter with
a view to traffic or profit, and insert an articlc containing
this stipulation in substance, strongly and decidedly ex-
pressed, as well as one covenanting tlwt they will wholly
abstain for the future fiom making white person* prisoners.
Youi compensation will be respectively $8 per day, and
ten cents per mile " by the most direct route' for travel, and
expenses to and from the place of negotiating with the Cu-
manche*, &c.
Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,
T. HARTLEY CliAWFOKD.
Gov. F. M. Butler and Col. M. G. Lewis,
Now in Washington, I>. C.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. YIN-
TON and Mr. McKAY.
Mr. McK. (in continuation) said, he proposed
to amend this item in the bill by reducing it to
§50,000. And he proposed farther to amend it by
adding a proviso—the bill was now pretty well
guarded—that 110 accounts for expenditures shaM
be allowed by the accounting officers but what shall
appear proper and reasonable, and that the expend-
iture shall in all respects be supported by the most
satisfactory proof. He thought this was all they
could do to guard the expenditure of the money.
Admit that the commission was illegally instituted,
if you choose—that the expenditures incurred had
been extravagant. He was not disposed to dispute
that. Here it appeared that these commissioners,
in consequence of authority supposed fo be vested
in them, had drawn drafts upon the treasury
amounting to $45,000, of which $25,000 or $2G,0Ot)
had already been presented, and $8,000 already
paid. The balance was now under protest. Un-
der such circumstances, what could Congress do?
By reference to the instructions given by the com-
missioner proper to these two commissioners, al-
ready read, it appeared here was full power given
to these commissioners to draw upon the treasury
for any expenses they might incur in the perform-
ance of their duty beyond the amount placed in
their hands for contingencies, and they have ac-
cordingly drawn drafts, as he had before stated.
But the Indians were here. It was important
that they should be sent home; appropriation
should be made for it; and he thought the provis-
ions introduced into the bill for the purpose of
guarding the expenditure, would secure the Gov-
