1122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
And Mr. McK. demanded the previous question;
which was seconded.
And the main question (011 the amendment, and
then on ordering the bill to a third reading) was
ordered to be now taken.
Mr. McKAY', regarding the principle of the
amendment as a very important matter, asked the
yeas and nays, which were ordered, and, being1
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Afl.im*, Atkinson, Reducer,
Ronton JaiiKN JJl.ick, Boivlm, B<nd, William G.
Biown,'cuhcart, Ansu-tus A Chapman, Chipman, Claike,
Cobb, Collin, Constable, Cummins, Daniel, Danran, De
TVfott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dioimjoolc, Kidman, Fnrm,
Ficklin, Garvin, G.U>, Good\ear, Goidon, C rover, Henley,
!iou<>, lluu^h, Goor>j S. Houston, Edmund W. ilubaid,
Hmisrertoid," James B. Hunt, James if. Johnson, Andtew
Johnson. G.'ora;.: W. Jones, 5viufmnn, Daniel J'. K.iti2,Leib,
Loiiir, Lumpkin, MeClemand, Joseph J. McDowell,
McKay, John I'. M.utm, Barkley JVIaitm, Morris, Moive,
Owen, Payne, IMKburv. ll'ithbun, Itnd, Relic, Hitter, tteb-
erts, Sawyer, Weddon, dei ft. !;coinul II. Sitn*}
Simpson,"Thmnas! Smith. t^fni*fm. Starkweather, yf. John,
Strong, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tib-
batt-, Ttedway, Wheaton, Wick, Woodwaid. Woodwouli,
and Vor-t—82.
ATA Abbott, A-hmun, Banmzcr, Bell, Arnold,
J>ulfni<>[ton, William W. Campb II, J. G. Chaoman, Cranston,
Culvei, Cunningham, Cairett Davis, Dixon, Douirlass, Dun-
lap, J. Tl. Evvimr, Foot, Gndt r, Grmnell, Hamlin, Ilumpfm,
[fus per, Milliard, E I . U dm>s, Riae K. Holmes, Jolm W.
Houston, S. D Ilubhaid, IXud-on,.io-i*p:i it. ImroiMdi, Jen-
kins, Thomas Duller Knitr. IV-wi-!, MePlrlland, McCraie,
IHe Henry, ATaish, Miller, H'lselev. Pain-h. Juhu- Uoekwell,
J. A. Rockwell, Root, Kunk, ria'vtelle, fVainmon, Seaman,
Truman Smith, Srcwait, Thibod-'auY, Thoma-son, Tiumbo,
Wentworth, White, Wmthrop, Wood, Wnodruti, and
Wimht—57,
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PETTIT wished to be excused from voting,
on (lie ground that no debate having taken place,
he knew nothing of the justice or injustice of stri-
king out the item.
The House refused to excuse Mr. P.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, moved a recon-
sideration of the vote by which the amendment
had been agieed to.
The motion was not debatable.
The House refused to rcconsidcr the vote.
The bill was then read a third time, and, under
the operation of the previous question, was passed
in the following form:
Be it enacted hy the Senate and Home of Represciitatires
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the following sums be, and the same ate hereby, appro-
piiated, onf of any money in the treasury, not otheiwise
appropuatod, for the payment of navy pensions tm the year
ending the thirtieth June, one thousand ei^bt hundred and
fortv-ppvon:
To pay invalid pensions, thirtv-two thousand thice hun-
dred and thnty-tive dollar and tony cents,;
To pay the pensions of widows of ofhucis, seamen, and
marines, twelve thousand dollars.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, gave notice of a
motion to reconsider the vote on private bill No.
143.
Mr. CULVER gave notice of a similar motion
in the case of private bill No. 267.
The SPEAKER announced the special order.
Mr. GILES moved its postponement, for the
purpose of taking up the bill pending' for additional
fortifications.
The House refused to postpone.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
The House, on motion of Mr. McKAY, resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, m the chair.)
and proceeded, on motion of Mr. Henley, to tlie
consideration of the following joint resolution from
the Senate, regulating the printing of Congress, and
establishing the compensation of the same:
" Resolved hy the Senate and House of RcpresentuJim of
the United States of America in at-c^ih'rd. That
ftom and after the passage of this lesoiution, the pi,ntm<  of
the two House* ot Combes* shall be subject to the following
regulation*: When any mc^-as", repo,t, or document, com-
municated to both Houses of Congress, .-hall be oideied to
be printed by the Senate, the Beeieta.y <hall a^eeitam
whether the same has been pievioiHv ordeied to be punted
by the House of Representatives; and if so, trie oopirs 01-
dered by the Senate shall be supplied by the printer to the
Hou^u of Representatives, foi which thoie shall be no chaise
for composition ; and if any &ueh message. n;po:t. or docu-
ment shall be ordered to be pnutcd by Ui-.' Ilouse of Renie-
senfativos it shall be the duty of the Clerk to asceitam
whether the fame has been pieviously onlered to be pimlcd
7 V,ic, teenatc; and if so, the copies ordered bv the Iioi,vC
shall be lurmshed by the printei to ihe Senate, £>iid no
XTITa T w,mP°«?on ^ha)I  e allowed therefor: and should
ortWrt to ,VU T?r C"p'"<! 0t a,ly s,u'h ""C'nncnt he i
u ' H0U,S.e,l H,ev shail be ru'whed hv tiw 1
CI'0.'fonso ,wl"ch lllNt tile ]'f"hnz of me
qh'iii 5! i, 5>v ^'ll,ch "0 compensation for composition
no2eo LiJ,",7fd: Prom^Uh^r, That if, for the pur
despatch, or any other cause, it shall be neeessau to
fulfil anj oi dei for printing of either House, of any document
which had been previously oideied to be printed, the Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses of the Ifouse making such
ordei,maydireet that such document be a^ani composed, or
put, into type; in which case, composition «hnll he charged
and allowed. And from the commencement of the present
session of Congress, all printmc ordered by either House of
Consrcs*, where the number of copies do not exceed five
thousand, shall be paid for at a rate of compensation not
eveeeduur twenty per centum less than the rates fi\ed and
established by the joint resolution of eighteen hundred and
nineteen ; and when the number of copies shall exceed five
thousand, the compensation shall not exceed thirty-three
and one-third per centum le^s than the rate> allowed by the
said joint resolution of eighteen hundred and nineteen And
when the Committee on Contingent Expenses of either
Ilouee shall direct a second composition, to execute any
oider foi punting, the printing shall be done hy the printer
to the TToiif-e making Mich oidcr; and when any older for
piinfmg requires mapa or chart?, the same shall be obtained
undei the dneetion of the Committee on Contingent Ex-
penses of the House making such oider; and all expenses
for punting -dmll be paid front the contingent fund of the two
Hon; es, each House pa\ing for the printing ordeied by it,
except the expense of composition, which shall be paid hy
the House which fii't ordeied the document or paper to be
printed ; and if theie shall be a s-econd composition, it shall
be paid for bvtlic House whose Committee on Contingent
Expenses shall authonze and direct the same; and when
c\tia copies of any document «.hall be ordered by both
flanges, and the f-ame are executed by the same printer, the
copies shnll be delivered to the two Houses, simultaneously,
in piopoition to the whole number of copies which the
Houses have respectively oideied.
Mr. BAYLY movod on amendment, making: the
operation of the resolution prospective instead of
retrospective-
Mr. HENLY gave notice of the following sub-
stitute:
That the punting executed, or to he executed, for the
present Cuimix'--., shall be paid for at the following rates,
viz: When the number of copies of any bill, paper, 01 doc-
ument, oideied by both House's, if piinted from the same
toi m=!, does not exceed fifteen hmidied, a compensation of
twenty per cent. le--3 than the rates fixed and established
bv the lomt lesolution of eighteen hund'.ed and nineteen;
when not exceeding five thousand copies, twentv-five per
cent, less than the rate;-, of the said joint resolution of
eighteen hundred and nineteen ; -when not exceeding ten
thousand copies, thirty pei cent, less than the rates afore-
said; when not exceeding twenty thousand copies, thirty-
five per cent.; when exceeding twenty thousand copies,
foity per cent, less than the rates aforesaid.
Mr. G. DAVIS replied to Mr. Bayly's remarks
of a former day, and contended (reading from Mr.
B.'s remarks at the time of the, election at the com-
mencement of the session, -with the view of show-
ing- that he [Mr. B.] then admitted it) that the
public printers were elected 011 the condition and
with the full view of the fact that the fixing- the
rates of their compensation for the whole Congress
wns hereafter to be a subject of proper and just
legislation. He defended at some length the jus-
tice and propriety of making this regulation—to
operate from the commencement of the session,
and referred in the course of his remarks to a pre-
cedent in which such reduction had been made,
and to which (he said) the then printers (Blair &
Rives) submitted without complaint.
Mr. BAYLY wished the gentleman fully to state
this ca^e, as he intended to cite it in defence of di-
rectly the opposite position, and to show that then
the printers were clcctcd after and in view of a
resolution of the House declaring that the print-
ers elect, if they accept the office, would take the
printing subject to future reduction. In this case
110 such condition existed.
Mr. DAVIS (continuing) further con tended that
all that remained for the House to do was to allow
alibeial, fair, and just compensation to the public
printers for the whole Congress, andy in doins: this,
that reduction should be made from the existing
rates.
He, also, in reply to Mr. Henley and other
gentlemen, argued to show his own consistency at
present with his former position and action on this
subject—yielding in the course of his remarks to
Mr. Henley for explanation.
Before his hour had expired, he yielded to a
motion that the committee rise.
Which prevailing, the committee rose,
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 21, 1846.
The PRESIDENT signed the enrolled bill au-
thorizing an issue of treasury notes, and a loan.
The (House) bill making appropriations for the
payment of naval pensions lor the year ending
June 30th, 1847, was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The (House) bill making appropriations for <
sundry objects therein named, was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
The, (House) act for the relief of the heirs of
Robert Fulton was read twice, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
The House amendments to the Senate amend-
ments to the bill making appropriations for the
support of the army were taken up, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
PETITIONS.
Mr. DAYTON presented a remonstrance from
citizens of Mercer county, New Jersey, remon-
strating against the repeal of the tnrifFof 1842, and
particularly of that pari which relates to the man-
ufacture of c;Iass. In presenting this petition—
Mr. DAYTON said that he would call the atten-
tion' of those who have control of the question
especially to one of the interests protected by the
present tariff; that he should do this in the briefest
form, and with a view simply to discharge a duty.
Many of the particular interests of those he rep-
resented had been largely referred to by others.
Cotton and iron are not apt to be overlooked in
debate, though lesser interests, such as the manu-
facture of glass, to which he was about to refer,
may be. It has been so now. While the articles
before referred to have received much attention,
the article last named has scarcely been referred to
at all, or, if referred to, it has been as if it were
protected by existing duties almost to prohibition.
Sir, this is ail wrong. The protection afforded by
the act of 1842 has been greatly misrepresented,
and I wish to put the matter right. New Jersey
is largely embarked in this manufacture. The
census of 1840 shows that she produces more glass
than any State in the Union; about one-third, in-
deed, of the whole amount. This interest, partic-
ularly as rcspects window glass, is most unfairly
dealt with in the bill before the Senate, and in
some of the papers which accompany the Secre-
tary's report.
I'he act of 1842 imposes a specific duty on all
kinds of window glass, varying from two to ten
dollars per 100 feet, the lesser duty for the small-
er sizes in common use, and the heavier for the
larger.
The tariffs of 1839, 1828, 1824, and 1816, had
each specific duty on window glass, and on the
smaller and medium sizes a duty higher than the
act of 1842. The act of 1842 was, therefore, but
following out the course of legislation from 1816
to that time. But, on the amount of duties im-
posed by the act of 1842, there has, by some at
least, been gross mistake, as I believe. Mr. Sec-
retary Walker has attached to this report a table
to show the extravagance of existing duties. This
table purports to give the price of window glass in
England per hundred feet, and is furnished by Mr.
William Chance, jr., an Englishman, as I am in-
formed, and agent for the firm of Chance & Bro-
thers, glass manufacturers, Birmingham, England.
This table makes on window glass our present
average duty ad valorem 140 per cent. Now, sir,
if I am correctly informed, the prices named by
this agent are In fact the piiccs of boxes of 50 feet
only, and not 100; making a difference in the cal-
culation of one-half at once. I would have sup-
posed that this could not be so, had it not happen-
ed that the report itself (on page 41) proves that it
must be so, or that there is some other mistake
equally important. On that page the Secretary
gives a table, showing the imports of window glass
of last year, principally from England, and the
amount of duties. These duties he has him self
converted from specific into ad valorem, and*
instead of 140 per cent,, lie makes them on those
imports 39] only. And by another table, subse-
quently furnished, to show the anticipated inereaser
of importations under this bill, he makes the duty
still less—33 1-10 only. The table, therefore, fur-
nished by Mr. Chance, and incorporated by the
Secretary into his report, is, I am constrained to
believe, grossly erroneous and delusive. It is
calculated, I do not mean to say intended, to mis-
lead the Senate and country. A duty of 38 1-10
is not extravagant. Glass is manufactured from a
material of little intrinsic value, and is the product
of manual labor, not machinery. Its value is
principally in this labor, which is thus brought m
directeofnpetition with the miserable, ill-fed, iil-paid
labor ot Europe. But, sir, while this bill reduces
the duty on all kinds of window glass to 20 per
cent, ad valorem, and thu? diminishes protection,
