1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1123
it adds to the cost of the manufacture here. Soda
ash, (which is principally imported, and much
used in making glass,) under the act of 1842, paid
duty of five per cent, only, while under the
present bill it is charged with 10—thus, in every
way, injuriously affecting the glass manufacture
of this country. Sir, there is no interest in the
whole range of American industry better entitled
to protection, and there is not one under this bill,
as they represent it, worse used. Glass, and more
especially window glass, enters into the consump-
tion of the whole country; it is used as well by
the inmate of the cabin as the palace. Its great
value, too, is in the labor bestowed on its produc-
tion. It has grown into an important interest
under the legislative assurance of protection in
every revenue bill from 1816 to this time. While
the quality of our glass has, under this protection,
been vastly improved, its price in market, under
domestic competition, has been constantly dimin-
ished. _ An examination of the imports of last
year gives an average value to the imported win-
dow glass, without the duty, of §5 41 per hundred
feet—while the prices current of American houses
show the same, or a better quality of glass, sold
at a much lower rate.
This shows, first, the moderate price of the do-
mestic asticle; next, that the duty of 38 1-10 per
cent, on the foreign article could not have been
added, as is so constantly contended by Secretary
Walker and others, to the price of the domestic;
and, lastly, it shows that, with any considerable
reduction of the duty, the foreign may drive, and
must drive, the domestic article out of market.
Of window glass, cylinder, there was imported
last year only to the amount of $13,355, at an
average duty of 37 89-100 per cent. Our Secre-
tary reduces the duties to 20 per cent., and antici-
pates an increase of importations the coming year
of this kind of glass only to the amount of $100,"000.
And yet he talks in his report about affording
<' reasonable profits" to manufacturers. Sir, this
is little better than taunting these manufacturers;
it is " adding insult to injury." If they can live
at all under this bill, it can only be done by redu-
cing greatly the prices paid for labor: by abstract-
ing just so much from the living of their workmen.
But I am told that tliey cannot live at all; that it
is destruction absolute to them all.
Now, the labor employed is better paid, and
glass is 20 per cent, lower than in 1840-'41. This
is not the result of improved machinery, (for they
use none,) but of an enlarged market and an in-
creased home competition. I desirej sir, if any
amendment be made to this bill, to put window
glass in the 30 per cent, schedule, on the same
footing with hollow ware. In the present condi-
tion of the world it is an essential. It is more of
an essential than any other kind of glass ware,
whether cut or plain; and I can see no good reason
why, as in other articles of necessity, it should
not receive such protection, in arranging the tariff
of duties, as will sufficc to preserve it from destruc-
tion.
So far as I am able to understand the effect of
this bill on the entire glass interest of this country,
it seems to me eminently unjust. Instead of the
old specific duty, (the universal mode of imposing
duties on glass in all commercial nations,) a duty
ad valorem has been adopted,and oven that reduced
below the present specific by almost one-half. The
glass-works of this country have now (us I judge
from the last census, and certain statistics since
gathered) at least four thousand hands directly
employed in the manufacture, besides some twelve
or fourteen thousand other persons connected with
and dependant upon it. The annual production of
these works (which have increased vastly since
1S40) must approximate four millions of dollars.
Their skill has more than kept pace wi th their pro-
d notion. They now manufacture glass of all colors
and shapes, rivalling the hest of France, Germany,
and England. But, not content with this, the in-
ventive genius of our countrymen has been brought
to bear on this article of manufacture. " Pressed
glass" (which has tended so much to cheapen and
extend the use of glass in families) is, I am in-
formed, an American invention.
But, sir, for all this I fear there is to be no re-
sponse., no kind return here. Our adversaries sit
calm, imperturbable; to every speech they answer
only, Question, question 1 No amount of provo-
cation will, it seems, " draw their fire." They
await the charge. Well, sirs, if we are to be borne
down by numbers, anil not by argument, be it so.
"We will appeal to numbers; we will ask the people
whether their prosperity shall be thus made the
sport of politicians and theorists. If it be pre-
determined that this bill shall pass without change,
as I fear it is, I have nothing further to say; but if
modifications of any descriptions are to be admit-
ted, I beg to ask of those who have the power that
they_ will modify its pressure upon that branch of
our industry before referred to.
The motion to print the memorial was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr, HUNTINGTON presented a petition of the
paper manufacturers of Connecticut, remonstrating
against the repeal or modification of the present
duties on foreign paper and foreign books.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, in presenting thi s memo-
rial, described its object, the extent of the interest
from which it emanated, and the condition in which
it would be placed by the passage of this bill.
The manufacture of paper in this country was
commcnccd in 17G0; it had increased in the amount
of its product, while it had regularly diminished
in its profits. The capital now employed in it is
about eighteen millions of dollars; there are 700
mills in operation, giving employment to from
75,000 to 100,000 persons, a sreat proportion of
whom consist of women. The business is not,
as has been incorrectly chargod against manufac-
tures in general, in the hands of corporations or
wealthy individuals, but of moderate capitalists,
who take their personal share in the business.
The material used in this manufacture is almost
valueless m itself, consisting of ra«s, cotton waste,
ropes, bagging, junk, (fee.; the total value of which
to the manufacturer is represented at eight mil-
lions, only one-tenth of which comes from abroad-,
the rest being collectcd from your small villages
and hamlet5?—the cottages of {he laborer and me-
chanic- This memorial stales that the six cotton-
growing States send raw material enough to these
mills to pay for all the paper they consume. It is
stated in the memorial, that the new bill will drive
all the manufacturers into the production of paper
for newspapers, the result of which will be, the
ultimate annihilation of the manufacture of paper
and the printing of books in this country. It
would hereafter be impossible, without loss, to
print a Bible in this country.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CASS, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported back, without amendment, the
bill for the relief of Commodore Thomas Ap Cates-
by Jones.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, without amendment, the
(House) bill for the relief of John McAllister.
Mr. BARROW, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution to
authorize the Government to sell two or more
acres of certain land at Baton Rouge, to be used
as a site for a State House; which he explained in
a few remarks, asking its immediate consideration.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time, considered as in committee of the whole,
reported back to the Senate without amendment,
ordered to a third reading, and, bv unanimous
consent, read a third time and passed.
NAVY OF TEXAS.
Mr. RUSK moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the bill authonVing the. Presi-
dent of the United States to increase the naval es-
tablishment of the United States by adding thereto
the naval establishment of the late Republic of
Texas.
Mr. CASS expressed the hope that the motion
would not prevail. There were other subjects un~
finished before the Senate, which should be first
disposed of,
Mr. CALHOUN expressed himself in favor of
taking up the bill in question and disposing of it.
The question was then taken upon the motion to
take up, and it was negatived.
HARBORS AND RIVERS.
On motion of Mr DIX, the Senate resumed the
consideration of the river and harbor appropriation
bill
Mr. ATCHISON moved the reconsideration of
the vote by which the following clause was stricken
out of the bill:
"For the improvement of Little Fort Harbor on Lake
Michigan, twelve thousand dollars."
Upon this motion a discussion ensued.
Mr, WEBSTER was in favor of the appropria-
tion*
Mr. SEVIER opposed the motion*
Mr. DAVIS expressed his views against the
appropriation.
Mr. CRITTENDEN spoke in favor of the bill
generally. No one was more fully disposed to
vote liberally for the purposes of the bill in order
to promote all possible security for the lives and
safety of those placed at the mcrcy of the winds
and waves on the lakes and on the Atlantic. Rut
he was not disposed to favor the ambition of every
rising village on the rivers, to obtain appropria-
tions for harbors where harbors were not neces-
sary at all. Was there not a good reason for the
separation of such appropriations for little, local,
unimportant interests as might lead the Executive
to veto the entire bill ?
Mr. CASS advocated the appropriation in the
amendment; aiguing for it on the grounds of ex-
pediency and constitutional right. He denied that
it was legislating for mere local views. It was the
duty of Congress to legislate with a regard to local
as well as general interests. He contrasted the
importance of harbors on the lakes with the rivers.
On the Mississippi and great western rivers, every
spccies of craft could land at any point. But on
the lakes, the God of nature had imposed the roost
formidable difficulties. He himself was once ship-
wrecked near the town of Cleveland, and saved his
life at imminent hazard. He alluded to the com-
merce of the lakes, and spoke of its extent and im-
portance, Last year (he number of vessels of all
kinds navigating the lakes was four hundred and
ninety-five, and thirty were building. Thirty-six
vessels had been driven ashore—twenty total
wreck's, and four had foundered.
After a few remarks in explanation and in reply,
by Messrs. SEVIER and ATCHISON,
Mr. BREE8E spoke in favor of the appropria-
tion. He replied in an energetic and able manner
to the assertion that they should not make harbors
where natme had not intended harbors to be made.
That was the very icason why they brought in art
to the aid of nature, fie described the incalcula-
ble advantages of these appropriations in their re-
action on the public treasury* He pointed to
Chicago and Milwaukee as examples of the extra-
ordinary progress of trade and commerce in con-
sequence of these appropriations. The revenue
was thus largely augmented from the sale of public
lands in the neighborhood of the points where these
harbors were constructed.
After some further remarks by Messrs. HAY-
WOOD and SEMPLE, the question was taken by
yeas and nays, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, A&hloy, Atchison, Barrow, Ber-
lien, Breese, Bright, Cameron, Cass, Thomas Clayton,
John M. Clayton. Corwm, Crittenden, Dickinson, Greene,
ilnnueijan, Houston, Jarnngm, Johnson of Maryland, John-
son of Louisiana, Miller, Morehead, Pearce, Phelps, Rusk,
Sample, Simmons, Speight, Sturgeon, Upliam, Webster,
and Woodbridge—3"7.
NAYS—Mes^r*. Archer, Atherton, Baj?by, Benton, Ual-
hotm, Chalmers, Davis, Dix, Evans*, Faiifiold, llaywood,
Huntington, Mansnim, Niles, Pennybaeker, Sevier,Tumey,
Westcott, and Yulee—19.
So the vote was reconsidered.
The question was then taken on concurring with
the Committee on Commerce in their amendment,
striking out the clause under consideration, and
decidcd in the negative.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
amendment by the committee, altering the clause
"for improving Fort Penn,"soas to read " for
repairing the piers in Port PemV&c.; which was
disagreed to.
The next amendment reported by the committee
is as follows, viz:
Sec. 2. Jlwl be it farther enactcd, That in all works pro-
vided for by this act, in which the War Department shall
deem it necessary, there shall bo a purvey or reexamination,
and no expenditure shall he made without the approbation
of the War Department."
Mr. DIX explained the object of the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, opposed it as
inexpedient.
Mr. "WESTCOTT moved to strikeout the words
" War Department" in the second and fifth lines;
pending which motion,
