1124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
Mi*. LEWIS moved that the farther consider- j
ation of the bill be postponed until to-movrow; j
which was agreed to.
APPROPRIATION BILL*
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back the House bill making additional
appropriation3 for sundry purposes therein named,
without amendment, and moved its immediate con-
sideration; which motion was agreed to.
The hill was then consideied as in committee of
the whole; when
Mr. JARNAGIN submitted an amendment;
which was* nor agreed to,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved an addi-
tional section to the bill,, appropriating- $30*000 for
the purchase of the bridges across the Eastern
Branch of the Potomac, the same to be made free,
ISut subsequently withdrew it; and the bill was laid
over until' to-morrow.
THE TARTFF.
The Senate then, as ii* coi/irnittee of the whole,
proceeded to the consideration of the bill to reduce
duties on imports and for other purposes.
Mr. EVANS rose and said he deemed it neces-
sary to make a short explanation. Some days ago,
when the treasury note bill was under considera-
tion, he had made some remarks regarding the esti-
mates of the Secretary of the Treasury of the
amount of revenue expected to be produced by the
siew tariff bill. He had then stated that the Secre-
tary had, most unintentionally no doubt, fallen
into a very considerable erior; and that, as ap-
peared by his own statements and estimates con-
tained in his letter, (which estimates were the only
ones they had before them,) the revenue would be
diminished something like five millions of dollars
below what the Secretary supposed would be de-
rived from the new tariff bill. The statement to
which he alluded was made in a very distinct por-
tion of the letter, wherein the Secretary stated,as
follows: " It will be perceived that the total im-
ports consumed and on hand, exclusive of specie,
for the fiscal year closing the 30th June, 10-15,
amounted to the value of $106,080,410, of which
the amount of free goods was $1,503,047, which
being deducted from the above, leaves, of dutiable
imports, $104,579,363," &c.
He had stated, on the occasion to which he al-
luded, that the Secretary had fallen into a very
great error, because it was not true that the amount
of free goods imported and consumed m the year
ending 30th June, 1845, was but a million and a
half; yet such was the Secretary's language; rind
theie was nothing before them to give a different
interpretation to that language. But it now ap-
peared, from explanations which he had seen else-
where, sanctioned no doubt by the Secretary him-
self, that his meaning was that this would have
been the amount, provided the plan of the Secre-
tary had been adopted. All that he now desired
to say was, that if such were the meaning of the
Secretary, then he was entirely correct. He had
not the slightest disposition to do the Secretary an
injustice; and he was very happy, therefore, that
this explanation had been made; but while he freely
admitted that, under this explanation of the Secre-
tary 's meaning, lie was correct in that particular,
he could not agree that the present bill, if adopted,
would yield anything like the amount which its
friends expected it would yield.
Mr. MOREHEAD said that he considered this
measure was not expected by the people of the
country. He believed it ruinous m its tendency.
As a revenue measure it would prove abortive.
But these points had been discussed by his distin-
guished friends who had preceded him. He would
confine himself to two or three propositions. This
bill will produce a thorough, radical, and ruinous
change in our public policy. The ad valorem prin-
ciple is a new one in our Government. Specific
duties were laid as early as the earliest history of
our country. This policy lasted for twenty-seven
years without disturbance. The principle of spe-
cific duties has been recognised for sixty years, in
every system and law which have been adopted.
The hill of 1816 was prepared and supported by
Mr. Lowndes, of South Carolina. That bill con-
la! i artlcles uP°n which specific duties were
laid. VVas he, with all those who voted for this
ana all the other revenue bills, dupes, and deceived
i?n!?rt!ia7ay aS \° blVgnorant ^e frauds and
uncertainties attributed to specific duties by the
honorable chairman of the Finance Committee,
[Mr. Lewis] ? He referred to the opinions of Mr.
Gallatin and Mr. Crawford, who expressed them-
selves mfavor of specific duties; also, to an extract
in the speech of Mr. Buchanan in 1842 in favor of
specific duties. So much for the doctrine of ad
valorem duties. He would now proceed to show,
that to abandon the doctrine of protection is to
abandon the established principles of our Govern-
ment. It was recognised in the act of 178& by the
declaration in the preamble, and in the discussion
which took place on the bill. He quoted extracts
from spccchcs of several distinguished men in this
discussion. He also referred to the reports of Mr.
Hamilton and Mr Gallatin, and to the acts of
tRlfi, 1824, 1839, 1833, and 1842, as well as to the
opinions of distinguished men upon the subject.
He also gave the vote of the several States and of
the distinguished men of the country upon the
several tariff acts since 1816. Truly did the Sen-
ator from Connecticut say, yesterday, that when
he was called upon to vote for this bill he was call-
ed upon to suirender the principles of his own
j. party. The passage of this bill would be a deser-
tion of the principles of the great party called the
Democratic party. The principles of protection
were recognised by Jackson, Van Biiren, and other
prominent men of that party, by voting for several
of the tariff bills above alluded to. How is it
that some of the Stales which built up this sys-
tem by the votes of their Representatives and Sen-
ators now desert it? Why have Ohio and other
States changed, which used to vote unanimously
for the protective policy, now that this great policy
embraces an interest of three hundred millions of
dollars J
Mr. MANGUM suggested that it embraces an
interest of four hundred millions.
Mr. MOREHEAD replied that his estimate was
made on the most moderate calculation. Why is
this policy now deserted ? Why do New York,
Indiana, Ohio, and Illinois, now desert their for-
mer faith ?
Mr. BREESE asked if an answer was wanted
to this question ?
Mr. MOREHEAD having replied affirmatively,
Mr. BREESE said that Illinois may have voted
in the House, by one or two votes, for protection,
but her Senators did not vote for it. If the manu-
f&eturms: interests embrace a capital of four hun-
j dred millions, the agricultural interests amount to
' a thousand millions. Illinois wants a market for
' her agricultural productions; she wants the mar-
j kct of the world. Ten counties of that State could
■ supply all the home market. We want a foreign
market for our produce, which is now rotting- in
I our granaries.
j Mr. CAMERON inquired where and when did
1 the pioduce of Illinois rot in her granaries,
| Mr. BREESE said that Illinois wanted the mar-
| ket of the world, to prevent the rotting of her pro-
| duce. He had already stated that ten counties of
j that State could supply the home market.
I Mr. MOREHEAD referred to the yens and nays
! m the Senate; and he found the two Illinois Sena-
tors voting for the tariff act of 1828.
I Mr. BREESE said that they voted for it to favor
i the wool interest.
I Mr. MOREHEAD asked whether Illinois would
I vote for what had been callcd <{ a hill of abomina-
j fion<3 and blood," merely for the, sake of proteet-
| ing her little interest in wool? Mr. M. then pro-
* ceeded to show that this measure was to be car-
j ried by a great party movement, without any great
i national cause to require it. He referred to the
, letters of Mr. Polk, in the election in 1843, in
; Tennessee, and in the general election of 1844, on
j the tariff, and to the speeches of some gentlemen
'j in Pennsylvania, who assured the people of that
|s State that " Mr. Polk was as good a tariff man as
Mr. Clay." He hoped this would be denied; he
j hoped no man had brought himself to make these
' assertions to the people: but if they had been
i| made, and the people believed them, then truly
might Pennsylvania say, "The serpent beguiled
me, and I did eat." He hoped that the'party
i had not yet determined to press the measure upon
! the country; but it it had been so determined, he
j would appeal to a sense of justice to stay the pro-
ceedings. The country had embarked'in manu-
| factures; capital had been invested; New England,
: contrary to her wishes, had been driven into this
!] business. It was due, therefore, to New England
II ro pause. It was due to Pennsylvania to pause
before she was struck down by a party in whom
she had trusted- But if party considerations tri-
umph over justice, he would appeal from party to
a national feeling.
Mr, Mr having concluded—
Mr. WESTCOTT moved £ha$ the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
Calls of " Gtuestion/' being heard,
Mr. CAMERON rose and expressed a desire
to address the Senate on the tariff question; bus
wished that he might be allowed till to-morrow
morning.
Mr. HAYWOOD moved that the question b<?
postponed till to-morrow.
Mr. SEVIER called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Atchison, Bagb-y, Benton^ Cal-
houn, Cass, Ciflev, Corwin, Davis, Dajfon, Greene, Hay-
wood, Houston, Iluntiucton, Jamagin, Johnson of Mary-
land, Mansrum, Millei, Rlorehead. Nile's, Phelps, Simmons*
Sturgeon, Upham, Westcott, and Wooctbndge—28-
KAY"?—Messrs Allen, Ashley, Athej ton,"Barrow, Chal-
mers, Thomas Clavton, Dix, Fairlield, llannegan, Lewi-!,
McDuflie, Pennybaeker, Sevier, and Tnrney—14.
So the subject was postponed till to-morrow.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business, where they remained a short
time, and then adjourned till to-morrow morning
at ten o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 21, 184S.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion of Mr. THURMAN, the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Upion was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the fol-
lowing bill:
A BILL in relation to fche payment of Ctarms-
jBe it cnacted hy the Senate anil TTrtme of Representatives cf
the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, Thai
whenever a claim on the United States atoresaid shall here
after have been allowed by a resolution or act of CongTe?s,
and thc-ieby directed to be paid, the money shall not. nor
shall any pai £ theieof, be paid to any person or persons other
than the claimant oi claimants, hi  oi their executor oi ex-
ecutors, administrator or adrmnwtiators!, unless «uoh person
or persons shall pioduce to the proper disbursing officer a
wariant of attorney executed by such claimant or claimants,
executor or executors, administrator or administrators, after
the enactment of the resolution or act all-owing the ahum;
and every sach warrant of attorney shall refer to such reso-
lution or act, and expiessly recite the amount allowed
thereby and shall be attested by two competent witnesses,
and be acknowledged, hy the pen-on or persons executing,
if, before an officer having authority to take the acknowl-
edgment of deeds, who shall certify such acknowledgment;
and it shall appear by <-uch certificate that such officer, at the
tune of the making ol such acknowledgment, read and fullv
explained pueh wanant of aUui ney to the person or persons
acknowledging the s>ame.
And the question being on ordering the bill to a
third reading,
Mr. McKAY called for the reading thereof.
The bill having been again read for information*
was read a third time and passed.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
The SPEAKER announced the special order to
be the subject of the public printing.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked leave to make a re-
port from the Committee of "Ways and Means.
Objection was made.
Mr. HARAESON asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion in relation to compensation for losses sustained
by Indian hostilities.
Objection was made.
Mr. H. moved a suspension of the rules.
The motion was not in order.
The House, on motion of Mr. McKAY, again
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the joint
resolution from the Senate regulating the printing
of Congress, and establishing the compensation of
; the same, with the pending amendments.
I Mr. G. DAVIS resumed and concluded his re-
i marks. After arraigning the political course of Mr.
j Bayly, and entering into some estimates of the
| profits which he (Mr, D.) supposed the public
I printers would receive from the printing of the
I present session, he gave notice of an amendmentto
i the joint resolution which he proposed hereafter to
j offer,
! Mr. BAYLY said he did not mean to allow him-
; self to be too much diverted from the question im-
| mediately under consideration by the uncalled for,
' unjustifiable, and, as he should endeavor to show,
unfounded personal attack of the gentleman from
