1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
know what to do lie said Irixfupnds in Conjjrcs-. liad K'un
mainly m-u umentalm having tlie isolation* pa^etL VTiieii
She election came on, Messis. Gales & Seavm ucil- elected
prmteio tor l*>th liou^cs without opposition, it* J ni( <TfIoot
right. They went on to execute tUe punting"* both flousos,
and I heaid nothing moie about tin1 pitces of UongreMS print-
ing until the last ni<?ht oi'shat i \ vr.us argued
that the punting c'MiUl iv>t l/e done fo? the prices they had
btieiv reqiurod to do it, and the 20 per cent, was lc^tored to
them, by insulting ft clause in one of the appropuation biJls
to that effect."
" When tlie next Congress (ihe 28th) met, Mr. IHaif and
myself were elected punters to the Hoiw, and Mjsm's.
Gales Seaton were eitctod piniteis to the Senate. The
ffou-*c ieduced it-; pnet'<5 Tf> per cent, which w'as the same
it had paid to us for the 23th Congress, The Senate did not
reduce it* prices, but patd to Messrs Gales & Seaton the
puces fixed by the joint uvohition of 1^19."
" N.-ar the close of file last, Compvss («he 28th) there was
a clau-e inserted In one of the appropnanon bills, which
became a faw, reduenii; the prices to be paid foi the pt mang
of Congress 2i pel cent below tho^e paid under the law of
1819; therefoje the l.iwlul puce is now 2:) per cent, less
than the piintmaf of Cung ess nuts ever executed for, evcept
by lii.ur & K/ves,rtmi five [ytr cent. less than they were paid
for it"
*■ J f Congress Hiotrld order nothing to be punted except
what is iritimatoK connected with us legislation, utd< r th*
u^unl number, and leqture them to he printed qukkt>,on
good paper, my answer i5,that the prices now aut!um/,ed to
he paid are not hi%h enough—certainly not too te-ferj
In an) ofcherulo known to nte for r«\k nlatuig the pnc<>
which an emploj er oi master pi inter should elnuge for print-
ing."
Mr. I), now proceeded to reply to the attacks of
Mr. Davis, and to defend his own past and pi cscnt
political course.
Having- concluded that part of the discussion,
waivinghis design to '• carry the war into Africa,'5
Mild returning; to the subject hefbie the committee,
he stated unhesitatingly as his opinion—he might
be wrong about it; he could not know anything of
the motives of the gentleman fiom Kentucky—bnt
he stated unhesitatingly as his opinion thnt all tills
hue-and-cry about4' divorcing the Government from
the party press," and all this talk about retrench-
ment and reduction of prices, was but a dumb show,
gotten up for political effect. Why did he come to
that conclusion ? The facts bore him out in it. In
the beginning of the session they had a most pa-
thetic speech from the gentleman* from. Kentucky
about the injury to the public morals, &c., from
connecting tiie Government with the press. They
had talked loud and long about the propriety of
giving the public printing to practical, hard-fisted,
honest mechanics, and not to pamper political edi-
tors. Well, Umt was the preaching; now what
was the practice ? Why, ihc- sounds of the gentle-
man's voice had hardlv died away, when Fisk Os i
Dow were put in nomination for public printers J
against Hitchie & Helss, and weic suppoitcd by j
the gentleman's whole party in the teeth of his I
speech about " practical pi niters"—the gentleman i
himself voting in a miserable minority of some '
three or four, and all the rest of that party voting
against practical printers and for Fisk & Dow.
Theie was a practical commentary upon all this
pretended anxiety to divorce the patronage of the
Government from the public press. Well, what
occurred in the other wing of the Capitol? Why,
in the very teeth of all this cry, the Whig party
voted for Gales & Seaton, their own pai ty editois !
And yet at the some time they come here to anaign
htm and others for electing a political editor, to
whom they were attached—although at 20 per cent,
less, be it remarked, than they voted their own '
printers.
He undertook to say that, if ever the gentleman
and his friends should get into power, we should
hear no more about these " practical printeis/'&c.
They would vote this printing whore they had
voted it for twenty years, upon a single establish-
ment in this city.
But the testimony brought befuie the House by
the gentleman from Kentucky himself—the testi-
mony of Gales & Seaton *s foreman—showed that
upon the ordinary printing, that is, where the num'
ber is less than 5,000 copies, the piesenr rales o
compensation are not too high. Mr. Rives also
states the same thing; and even Mr. Towers, one
of the favorite witnesses of the gentleman, express- I
ly states the same thing, as well as Mr. Trenholm. :
Mr. Towers says:
_ a Trnder all the circumstances attending Con<riec< punt- j
ing at present, X do not believe the regular wintinn could !
execmed fora less sum than in-only per ccnt. on the latcs j
allowed by the law of 1819." j
In a word, every one, exccpt Mr. Gideon, says,
wi, ?rdmary work. Ae present price is not too ,
rf>nn ^ 0nly where tlle number goes beyond ;
•>,000 copies, that they pretend reduction should I
be made. Where, then, is the fault? In this
House, in ordering enormous editions of useless
trash. The majorities of both political parties
have ordered thousands of heavy documents, and
then the gentleman from Kentucky comes in
and makes a violent attack upon the public print-
ers for choir profits, and upon the Democratic
party of this House. Mr. B. had not voted for a
heavy edition since he had been here; there had
been but one, the correspondence in relation to the
Mexican war, and the Oregon question. This he
thought should have been distributed extensively;
but of the Patent Office report, and other docu-
ments, he had never voted the printing of large
editions.
In conclusion, as his time had nearly expired,
he wished to say to the House, after a most care-
ful examination of the subject, that it was impos-
sible to give this bill a retrospective operation,
without a most palpable violation of the contract.
In the second place, from the testimony of Mr.
Rives, Mr. Trenholm, and Mr. GrouarS, it was
demonstrated that the calculations of the gentle-
man, based on the figures of Mr. Gideon, were
most extravagant; that they included scarcely
one-half the items of expenditure, and, in his
opinion, the whole thing was got up merely for
political effect.
Mr. RATH BUN obtained the floor.
Mr. G. DAVIS asked him to yield to allow him
a personal explanation in regard to remarks of
Mr. Bayly.
Mr. R. declined; stating that as, in his opinion,
the House were now prepared to vote, and the
time lor discussion had passed, he would move
that the committee rise, with a view of offering a
.resolution to terminate the debate.
The question being taken, it was decided in the
affirmative.
So tiie committee rose and repoited.
Mr. RATH1KJN oifcied a resolution providing
that all debate on the subject should cease at one
o'clock this day. And he demanded the previous
question.
Mr. COBB indicated an amendment, substituting
fhrpo A'PIDPIC
Mr. DROMGOOLE. Five o'clock.
Neither of these amendments were entertained,
the previous question having been demanded.
Mr. COBB thereupon moved that the resolution
be laid on the table.
Mr. G. W. JONIiS asked the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
And the question being taken, the House de-
cided that the resolution should not be laid on the
table.
The question then recurring on the demand for
the previous question,
It was taken, and no quorum voted.
A second count was taken, and the vote stood:
ayes 80, noes 35.
So tlieie was a second.
The main question (on the resolution) was or-
dered, and, being taken, the resolution was adopt-
ed.
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN, the House
again resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of Union, (Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
special order.
Mr. HENLEY replied to certain remarks of
Mr. G. Dai is, in which Mr. D. had charged mis-
representation upon him, and vindicated himself
from any misstatement m his charge, that Mr. D,
notwithstanding his great desire for retrenchment
at this time, had voted to restore to Gales &, Sea-
ton about §40,000, at the close of the session, beim*
the 20 per cent, above what they had taken the
work at, and above what Ilitchie & Heiss are now
executing the printing for.
Mr. H. professed some practical knowledge of
printing, and, from a thorough investigation of the
subject, he expressed his opinion that a reduction
should be made below twenty per cent, from
the Kites of 1819. He had no feelings to gratify
against any one; but in the discharge of Ins duty
to his constituents, to the public, and to the print-
ers, he should go for this reduction, and that to
take effect from the commencement of this ses-
sion—as, according to his understanding, the print-
ers were elected with a view to the probability of
a reduction of prices.
lie proceeded, in explanation and defence of the
provisions of his amendment, to give his views in
favor of the contract system of executing-the pub-
lic printing. This system had come into vogue,
and worked well in nearly all the other depart-
ments of the Government, for supplies, &c. After
two contract plans—one to let out the work under
the supervision of the presiding officer of each
House, in connexion with the Clerk and Secretary •,
and the other under the supervision of a joint com-
mittee, with a competent clerk, a practical printer—
he advocated the latter, but would be willing to
take the former rather tharr entirely fail of it.
Under this latter system, the Clerk, by attending
properly to the measurement of printing, charges
for double printing, &c., much might be saved.
Mr. DOUGLASS obtained the floor.
Mr, G. DAVIS made another appeal to yield to
a personal explanation.
Mr. BAYLY wasunderstood to express thehope
that it would be yielded, and to say, lie, perhaps,
might also have occasion to request the same:
favor.
Objections were made.
Mr. DOUGLASS, however, concluded to yield
to each for five minutes.
But the objections being pressed,
Mr. D. resumed and proceeded. He observed,
while he pretended to no practical knowledge on
the subject, that he had been inclined to think some
other plan should be adopted for the execution of
the printing of Congress than by the election of
printers connected with the political press; but the
letter of Mr. Rives, whose experience was great
upon that subject, had greatly shaken his faith.
He should not go into a discussion of the relative
merits of the several plans, but address a few re-
marks to another point.
He proceeded to review the history of the pub-
lie printing for several years past. The minority
seemed always to have been attacking the printer
of the majority. When the Democratic party were
in power, the Whig party had been loud in theit-
complaints of extravagance, heavy expenditure,
&c.,and so, on tfie other hand, with the Demo-
crats. He disliked to charge demagoguism in this
House in the motives which prompted this agita-
tion; but there seemed to be much of partisan feel-
ing in it now as heretofore.
If they looked into this question they found
that the prices for public printing were fixed by
the joint resolution of 1813, and that they so con-
tinued, front 1819 to 1840, the permanent policy of
the two Houses of Congress; and this was the
price paid alike to Whigs and Democrats, Con-
servatives and NuNifiers, whoever was elected pub-
lie printer. And we were told by Mr. Rives, and
others, that the prices of 1819 were a great reduc-
tion on the prices prior to that time. The prices
thus stood umlistnrbed until the memorable ses-
sion of 1833 and 1840, when every subject of ex-
penditure was seized upon, and charges of extrava-
gance and professions of economy were brought
forward to make a point in the coining contest.
The printing was then made the subject of a report
in this House; the majority of the committee rec-
ommending a reduction of 15 per cent., and the
minority a reduction of 25 per cent, from the rates
of 1819. The report of the majority was agreed
to, and the next session the reduction took place
upon Blair & Rives, who performed the printing
15 per cent, below the charges of 1819. This, he
wished it borne in mind, was the lowest rate that
it had ever been done for ill the history of the Gov-
ernment.
Now, how long did this remain ? The Whigs
were not content; they made reports to show that
the icduction was not sufficient,and Gales& Seaton
estimated that they could do it at 20 per cent, re-
duction from the lates of 1819.
Mr. MARTIN, of Tennessee, made an inquiry
which, from his turning away, was lost to the
reporter.
But the Whigs came into power upon promises
of retrenchment, (continued Mr. D.,) and at the
extra session of 1841 the first thing they did was
to pass a resolution providing that tlie prices should
be reduced to 20 per cent, below the rates of 1819,
or 5 per cent, lower than was paid to Blair &>
Rives. Both Houses agreed to this resolution.
The House then proceeded and elected Gates &
Seaton printers under that contract, and the Senate
Thomas Allen, under the same prices. His friend
from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] went for that redac-
tion, in common with the large majority of (his
House—a reduction to prices which 'Grates & Sea-
