1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ton said were sufficient. They went on and exe-
rted the printing-for two years—for three sessions
of Congress, an enormous amount—under that
contract, and at the expiration of the session, on
the 3d of March, their political friends, the Whiff
majorities in both Houses, came in with an amend-
ment to the civil and diplomatic bill to restore the
prices of 1819—every man who voted for it
m this House being a Whig, it being a strict party
vote. r /
Mr. GRAHAM stated that he had voted against
that proposition.
^r* repeated it was a strict party
vote. The "Whigs were in a large majority, and
every man who voted for it was a Whig. Some
of them were too conscientious to perform the act,
and he was gratified to learn that his friend from
iNortli Carohna was one. Every "Whig in the
Senate also, with one exception, voted this gratu-
ity; in violation of the contract with the printers,
and m violation of the pledges given to the people,
and in defiance, too, of all their professions of
economy.
He had before him a statement of this little
extra sum—this gratuity voted by the Whigs to
then- fnends. To Gules & Seaton was paid under
it, m addition to the prices at which they hud
io Mfttho Printins> 139.334; and to Thomas Allen,
£>J,bolh
_ But, in the course of time, the people brought a
just retribution on these men; they were swept
from power in consequence of their violation of
the pledges given to the people, and the Democrats
were restored to power m tins House—the Whifg
still remaining in a small majority in the Senate.
What followed? They in the !!ou:-:e reduced the
prices 15 per ccnt. below the rates of 1819, and 15
per cent., too, below what any Whig had ever
done the printing for. But m the Senate, at the
same Congress, Gales & Seaton were elected, ami
received the old prices of 1819; their fiiemls re-
fusing to make the reduction for them, and (iiey
thus receiving 15 per cent, more than IJIair &
Uivca did at the same time for the work of the
House.
Mr. HENLEY made a remark, which was not
heard by the importer.
Mr. D. (continuing) said ho had shown that the
only men that ever did the printing; below the rates
of 1819 were Democrats—the Whigs always hav-
ing been paid the old rates, ami even when they
agieed to do it for less, their friends having restored
It to them at the termination of the session; and
that by the votes of some of those men who now
get up this hue-and-cry about a reduction still
under 20 per cent, below the rates of 1819.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. GAR-
RETT DAVIS and Mr. D.
Mr. DOUGLASS resumed. But again, (said
lie,) while the Democratic party made all these re-
ductions, while the Whig party restored the old
jniccs to their favorites, yet they, at the last ses-
sion, reduced it five per ccnt. still lower, and
Ritchie & llciss, at this moment, were executing
the public printing Jm per ccnt. tower than it ever
had been, done by any printer, Wliifi or Democrat,
before. And what did this prove? It proved that
the Whig party paid high prices when it went to
their own favorites, although they raised so loud
a clamor, such as we were now hearing, when
their opponents were in power, even while they
were executing the printing at 20 per cent. lower
than they themselves had voted.
He was opposed to this whole system. T-Te
wished the matter placed on a foil- footing. He
wanted to see a permanent and uniform sytom es-
tablished. Let the Democrats and Whi^s unite;
let them appoint a committee of both parties; and
let them devise a system of public printing which
should take effect at the next Congress. It was
not now known which party would then be in
power hero; therefore they could decide imparti-
ally. And inasmuch as Ritchie &, Heiss were now
doing the work lower by 5 pel- cent, than any man
ever did it—doing it at the game price that Gales
& Seaton said it was worth, and 20 per cent, lower
than Gales & Seaton themselves received at the
very last Congress as printers to the Senate—let
the present system stand until the one which should
be well considered, well regulated, upon better in-
formation than they now had, should go into oper-
ration. And if the Whigs insisted now upon car-
rying out the retrospective principle of this resolu-
tion, and thus committing a flagrant violation of
1127
| the Contract on which the printers had performed
J their work, let them vote for an amendment to
reach Gales & Seaton, and oblige them to disgorge
this 20 per cent., which was restored to them over
and above their contract, and what Ritchie & Heiss
were now doing it for; which 20 per cent, amounted
to near $40,000, which was voted as a mere gratu-
ity; and also let them make the same deduction
upon the work which it was said Gales & Seaton
were now doing.
Mr. GRAHAM obtained the floor, and after a
few remarks,
The hour of one having arrived, the committee
proceeded to vote.
The first question was on the motion of Mr.
BAYLY, to give the resolution a prospective and
not a retroactive cffcct.
The question was taken by tellers, and the vote
stood: ayes 48, noes 68.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. G. DAVIS offered the following amend-
ment;
Amend the joint resolution by stnkinsf out all of it after
the word "regulation^' m the fifth line, and in lieu thereof
a'ld, "from and alter tho commencement of the pre-ent ^es-
i-ion of Cougre^, that the puntei or printer.-? of the two
Houses of Con^rcNrf shall receive, in full satisfaction lor all
printing, the abrogate amount of the cost of tho paper, ink,
composition and props work of' all flic printing executed by
them, or either of them, and forty percent, upon Mi'di ag-
debate amount; the whole to be ascertained and reported j
by appropriate committees of the two Houses, fiom tune, to
time, as either TUmisc may direct."
The amendment, by ayes 43, noes 84, was re-
jected.
_ Mr. DOUGLASS moved to ampnd the resolu-
tion so as to make tho resolution take effect from
and after the 1st of August nc\t, instead of being'
applicable to the printing already done.
Mr. .F. Cl. AT3A.MS suggested to Mr. Douc.i.ass
so to modify his motion as to say, " after the end
of the present session.'1
Mr. DOUGLASS modified his amendment ac-
cordingly.
And the question brine; taken by tollers, the
amendment, by ayes <!(5, noes 70, was rejected.
Mr. KURT indicated an amendment', (which
was not entertained,) that the resolution should
take efli'ct from the pnssoire of tho resolution.
Air. JOh. J. MrUOWF.Lli moved an amend-
ment, jiroviilin^ that the scMilution .shall (nkr eil'ect
from and afler the first day of Au^nst. lto|ccted.
Mr. MeKAY offered an amendment by way of
proviso, that so much of the. resolution as fixes the
compensation for printing, where the number of
copies exceeds five thousand, shall take effect; so
far as the Senate is concerned, from the commence-
ment of this session, and, so far as the House is
concerned, from the passage of the resolution.
Tho amendment, by ayes 50, noes 68, was re- ;
jcc.ted. !
Mr. BAYLY moved an amendment by way of j
additional proviso, that this bill shall not have a
retrospective operation.
The amendment, by ayes 49, noes 77, was re-
jected.
Mr. DOUGLASS offered the following; amends
ment; which, by ayes 29, noes not counted, wa-
rrjeotcd.
And tlio report of tllf Soorcuiry (if War, in relation to
mnynetic oh.-< ivationa, and llie repoii of Lieutenant Gillis,
relntmsrto meteorological observations', ordeied to be printed
at the last session of (loTigrc^, ami not yet completed, shall
in like manner be subject to «i reduction of 33-} per cent, as
aforewdd.
Mr. GOBI) offered an amendment, by way of
proviso, that this bill shall not be so construed as
to interfere with any existing contract for printing
already done.
The amendment, by ayes 60, noes 79, was re-
jected.
The question now was on the following substi-
tute, offered by Mr. Henley:
Sfc. 2. And be it furfhn' reso/m!1, That the printing exe-
cuted, or to ho executed, for the pies-cut Congress, shall he
paid for at tho following rates, viz: When the nmnbei of
copies of any hill, paper, or document, ordered hy both
Houses, if printed from the same forms, does not exceed fif-
teen hundred, a compensation of 20 per cent, less than the
rates fixed and established by the joiat resolution of 1819;
when not exceeding tlve thousand copies, $5 per pent, less
than the rates of the paid joint resolution of 1819; when ex-
ceeding five thousand and notexeeedina ten thousand copies,
30 pei cent, less than the rates afoiesuid; when not exceed-
ing twenty thousand copies, 35 per cent.; when exceeding
twenty thousand copies, 40 per cent, less than the rates
aforesaid,
Mr. G. DAVIS offered the following amend-
ment to the substitute, which, by ayes 40, noes
not counted, was rejected:
Amend the resolution so as to provide "that for all num-
bers Ot any document be tween three thousand and tivy thou-
sand documents there shall be a reduction of twenty-five
per cent.; upon all numbers between live thousand and ten
thousand copies, th^re shall be a reduction of thirty-five per
cent.; upon all numbers between ten thousand and twenty
thou&uiid copies, there shall be a reduction of forty-five per
cent.; and upon all numbers above twenty thousand copies
there shall be a reduction of fifty-five per cent, on the ratoa
of 1819."
And the substitute of Mr. Henley, by ayes 59,
noes 68, was rejected.
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, the commit-
tee rose and reported the resolution to the House
without amendment.
And the question being on ordering the resolu-
lution to a third reading,
Mr. DROMGOOLE demanded the previous
question.
There was a second.
The main question was ordered, and, being
taken, was derided in the affirmative.
The bill was read a third time,
And the question being on its passage,
Mr. BRINKERHOFF demanded the previous
question.
There was a second.
And the main question was ordered to bo now
taken.
Mr. BAYLY said that as this was the first law
which had been passed having a retrospective
opemiion, he would ask the yeas and nays; which
were ordored.
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON asked to be ex-
cused from voting on the joint resolution from the
Senate proposing to regulate and reduce the price
of the public printing", and wished to give his rea-
sons for it.
Mr. H. said, when the present printers were
elected, the law fixed their compensation for print-
ing; and he regarded their election to, and accept-
ance of, the office of public printers as a positive
contract with them that they should receive for
their labor the price established by law until Con-
gress should think proper to change it. That con-
tract, then, applied to and controlled the pricc of
i the work which they had performed under it; and
he considered it repudiation m its most odious form
for us now to refuse payment. But for this he
would be glad to vote for the resolution; and had
it been so mnfnded as t  have ^iven it a prospect-
ive operation and abolished its retioactivc charac-
ter, he would have sustained and supported it
cordially. Mr. H. said he regarded public as well
as private faith as sacred-, and so far as it had been
pledged in this case, he felt bound to redeem the
obligation. This was violating—against the will
of one of the parties—a positiv econtract, and he
could not give it his sanction. Under these cir-
cumstances it was difficult for him to vote on the
resolution without placing himself in a false posi-
tion, and giving forth a false impression as to his
real sentiments. If he voted for it, he would seem
to be unmindful ofthepublicfaith, solemnly plight-
ed, which he did not feel willing to do. If he
voted against it, he would seem to be averse to a
proper reduction in the price of the public print-
ing, which was far from his inclination. For, as
before remarked, he would willingly vote for the
resolution if made to operate upon work yet to be
done. We had an undoubted right to do that. If
we should reduce it too low, tho public printers
could resign—abandon the contract—and no one
would be to blame. If, however, we reduced the
price of that which had been done, they had no
redress left them. "We may not only take from
them all of their profits upon past labor, but we
may (if this principle be correct) take from them
their entire compensation, and receive their labor
and materials absolutely for nothing.
Mr. H. said they had not the power to abandon
the contract as far as past work is concerned. The
contract as to that has been executed, and we now
have the same right to make it extend back to
another Congress as to the first of this Congress*,
nor had wc the power to reinstate them and put
them where they were before they performed any
part of the printing. He, therefore, respectfully
asked of the House to be excused from voting:.
He did not make this request with a view to prac-
tice (as is too often the ease) a fraud upon the
House or any of its rules. He said he never had
been guilty of such conduct, and never would be.
He made the motion in good faith, and after (as he
thought he had done) giving to the House good
reasons, he hoped to be excused.
