1128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
The House refused to excuse him.
Mr. McDOWELL, of Olno, asked to be excused
from voting, on the ground that the resolution was
unconstitutional.
Mr. McD. having assigned Ins reasons, with-
drew his motion.
And the question, " Shall this joint resolution
pass ?" was then taken, and resulted aa follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Qumey Adams, Atkinson,
Bell, Benton, flings, Jauioo Black, Blanclmrd, Boyd, Diink-
erhoff, ^Iilto-r Brown, Bufbn^ton, YVilhain W. Campbell,
Cathcart, John U. Chapman, Reuben Chapman,Clarke, Col
1m, Cranston, Urozici, Cu'lom, Cummin^, Garrett Davis,
X>e Mott, DiUmgham, Dixon, Dobbin, Dockery, Dromgoole,
fiilsvvortli, Erdman, J. II. livvmjr, Foot, Gentry, Goodyear,
Gordon, Graham, (Sutler, Grinncil, (inner, Hamlin, Hamp-
ton, Harper, Henley, Jloge, Elm< 8. Holmes, John W. Hous-
ton, S. I). Hubbard, Hudson, Ilungerford, James B. Hunt,
Jenkins, James II. Johnson, Andrew Johnson. G. W. Jones,
Daniel P. Kins, Preston Kmu,Leil), Lev\ i>,Iani!r,MeCJejin,
iMcUioiland, McCleinand, McCnite, McGau«hey, McHenn,
^TcJlvainejSieKay, Maish,Millei, Moius, Moseley, Owen,
PcUiish, Pendleton, Ramsey, Kaihbun, Keid, Hitler,* Jloberts,
-Liiuiiiji-un, j.it'uii x iiwupvon, -liiiinnaii, ; iKion,
Trumbo, Vancu, Vinton, Wheaton, White, Wick, Wdmof,
Wood, ^YVn<rh?, Young, and Yost—109.
NAiS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, A-hmitn, Bavlv. Bedm-
get, James A. Black, Uowlin, Biodhead, William'G.Ihown,
Burt, Augu>tu-> A. Chapman, Chipin.m, Cobb, CumnnQhani.
Douglass, Dunlop, Faian, Ftekhn, Fnes, Gai\in, OiJes,
Haralson, Isaac Holmes, (ieorgu S Houston, Edmund W.
Hubard, Hunter, Charles J. fngcrsoll, Joseph R. Jnger>ol],
Kaufman, La Sore, Levm, Liiron, fllnclay, Joseph J. Me-
IamvcJI, James McDowell, Baikiey jViaitin, Mojse, Norri«,
Phelp-, Pillsburj, llelfe, Sawtelle, Scaimnon, Seddon, Ale„\-
andei D. Suns, Leonaid H Sims. Stanton, Stionj?, Tibbatt^,
Toombs, Tred way, Wentworth, Willmms, Woodtuff, Wood-
ward, and Woodworth—53.
So the resolution was passed in the form in which
it came from the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN moved a reconsideration of the
vote.
_ The question was taken, (under the operation of
tile previous question,) and the vote was not recon-
sidered.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL asked leave to make a
report.
On motion of Mr. HENLEY, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
slate of the Union, (Mr. Dumlap of Maine in the
chair.)
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the committee
took up the following joint resolution:
JOINT RRSOLfTTION directing the mannei of i ocurniL'
the punting foi the two Houses of Conguvs.
Revived by the Seattle ami Hou-coj Rcpre^entrtn rs of the
United State* 0/ ,/lmerica in Cyti«ress ovemft/c/, That the
Secretary of the Senate and th" Cieik of tne IIou^c of Rep-
resentatives be, and thcvaiehoreby, authorized and requiied
at the beginning of the lsnai session of ev->ry Con res«, to ad-
vertise for tour weeks siiceesMvelym all the newspaper; pub
l^hed in the citv of Wruhuvrtou, pt«>po>als foi M pplvuja the
Senate and Ifouso, respectively, of the no-u on^mng <.<on-
gicss, with the necexadiy prnUim? for each; winch advutise-
111cm shall describe the kind or piimma: and tne quality of
paoer required, a^n'Mr as ma> be, in the execution ot the
uork; and said advertisement shall divide and classify rhe
printing ot the respective f!ou<e^ as follows: Oneof'hiils
and ie-olution> ; one of iopotts> of couiinilt^es,; one of jour-
Tials; one ofexeeutue documents; and one foi eveiyi,tiler 1
description of punting—each class to he a sepai ate 10b and
to be provided for h\ separate contiact. And the Secretary '
of the Senate, under the supcivj^on of the Vice Pit^ident '
orFiesidentof the Senate, and {he Clerk of the Jiou^e of
Kopresentatives, undei the supei vision of the Speakei,v>hall 1
Within six week* from the besnunms of the session, let each i
class of «aid printing to the lowest bidder, wiio tliail 'njj.i^h I
satistdctory evidence of his practical skill and hx< abilm to 1
d° the woi k, and who .hall otter good andsmiieient .eeuntv I
101 the faithtul execution ot the job.s and contiacts undertakeri !
by him. And thereupon the Vice President or Pi os^Wt of '
the Senate and its Secretary, and the Speaker of the uoh*p i
and its Clerk, Phall inform the respective hiddf-rs ^ho mav 1
bo entitled to the respective job", according to the nrovMon^ 1
ot this resolution, that they have the tomiacr therefoi • and :
shall also pioceed to take bonds, wi'h good and suffi^em !
hftcunty, for the due and kuthttii peiformanee of the work • '
and tne officers aforesaid shall iiumed.atelv thereafter r>noit '
to their lespective Houses all Mich letting* ofpuntm« and
the contracts relating to the sime. *
The resolution was read.
Some conversation followed.
The lesolutioi! was considered, and underwent
sonic amendment. !
m'/ OWTm?K^ES °PPose(' tlie resolution.
/f.1" '-'HIPMAiN spoke chiefly m exnlaiidtion ■'
.L ? ieaSOnS, for voti"S a":llnst the joint resolu-
ion reducing the ratns of public pi'intino- It i
retrospective 111 its operation, and reduced the com- 1
LdSwh0n i°b W°l'r done Under a solemn contract,
Til " •publlc I,rmter had 110 redress. j
AndSrHo^^;rtofaquo™m- r
I IN SENATE.
| Wednesday, July 22,1846.
i The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a re-
port from the Secretary of the Navy, made in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, calling
for the correspondence between the Navy Depart-
ment and Captain E. A. Lavalette, while stationed
at the navy-yard at Memphis, Tennessee, and in-
quiring into the cause of the transfer of said officer;
which was laid on the table.
Mr. D1X presented a memorial from four hun-
dred mechanics of Fislikill, Dutchess eounty, New
York, employed in manufactories ofiron and cot-
ton, lemonstratins; against any change being made
in the tarifi'of 1842; which was read, and a motion
to print the same was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the President of
the United States had notified said House that he
had signed and approved the act making appro-
priations for the support and pay of volunteers
and other troops engaged in the war with Mexico
I for the year ending "June 30, 1847.]
Mr. DAVIS piesented a memorial from Little
; & Brown, and other booksellers, of Boston, Mas-
; sachusetts, praying'that the present duty on print-
, ed books may not be changed; the motion to print
which was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial from John
Preston, a manufacturer of iron work, praying that
raw iron may he subject to no higher rate of duty
than is levied on manufactured iron work; a mo-
tion to print which was referred to the Printing
Committee.
M r. HANNEG-AN submitted the following res-
olution; which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the President be requested to
communicate to the Senate a copy of the instruc-
tions transmitted to our Minister at London, Mr.
Mc.Lane, relative to the Oregon territory, and his
, various communications to this Government on
• the same subject.
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, submitted the
following resolution; which lies over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to report to the Senate whether a court of inquiry
or a court-martial has been ordered, in lelation to
the recent calls for volunteers made by Major Gen-
eral Gaines, whilst in command of the northwestern
division of the United States army; and if so, to
report copies of any correspondence that may have
been had between the department and said officer
concerning the ordering of such court.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back without amendment the
(House) act authorizing the inhabitants of town-
ship one, of range thirteen east, in Seneca county,
Ohio, to relinquish certain lands selected forschools,
and to obtain others in lieu of them. '
Mr. E. also, fronf the same committee, reported
hack without amendment the (House) act autho-
rizing the trustees of Tymochtee township, Wyan-
dot county, Ohio, to select lands for schools within
the Wyandot leserve.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom were referred sundry amendments by
the House to the Senate amendments to the bill
making appropriations for the, support of the army
for the year ending June 30th, 1847, reported back
said amendments,recommending that the Senate do
disagree to the amendments by the House to the
Senate amendments, and that the Senate do insist
on their original amendments to the bill; which
report was concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported back the " act further to
extend the time for locating military land war-
rants and returning surveys to the General Land
Office," without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it he passed.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on Mili
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the communi-
cation of the Secretary of War relative to the sur-
vey of the coast 'flf Texas, submitted an elaborate
report; which was read and ordered to be printed 1
On motion of Mr. RUSJv, 4.000 additional copies
of the report were ordered to be printed for the use i
of the Senate.
Mr. N1LES, from the Committee on the Post ■
Office and Post Roads, reported "a bill to provide I
for the transportation of the. United States mail to 1
Oregon;" which was read a first and second time. 1
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported baelc, without amend-
ment, the (House) bills for the relief of Benjamin
Allen, and for the relief of Griffin Kelly.
Mr. HAYWOOD, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported back the act to
amend and continue in force the act to incorpo-
rate the citizens of Washington, without amend-
ment.
GENERAL ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The (House) " bill in relation to the payment
of claims," was read twice and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. JARNAGIN, the Senate, as
in committee of the whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the (House) bill making appropriations
for certain objects of expenditure therein speci-
fied.
Mr. JARNAGIN moved to strike out the pro-
viso, having reference to the expenditures incurred
by the commissioners who had brought on to this
city the Cumanchc Indians.
A discussion ensued, in which Messrs. JAR-
NAGIN, EVANS, CASS, R. JOHNSON, SE-
VIER, and HOUSTON, took part.
The motion was then agreed to; Ayes 21, noes
Mr. CASS moved an amendment, which was
agreed to after some discussion.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, and the question being on concurring
with the committee in their amendments,
Mr. WESTCOTT asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
The question was then taken on concurrence,
and decided in the negative: Yeas 21, nays 28.
So the amendments were not concurred in.
Mr. CRITTENDEN then moved an amend-
ment, providing that the bills and drafts which had
been drawn by the commissioners and negotiated
for the purpose of carrying out the legitimate
objects of the appropriation, should be paid out of
the moneys appropriated by this bill.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
then read a third time and passed.
The Senate considered the adverse report of the
Committee on Pensions upon the petition of An-
drew Park; which was concurred in.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House had
resolved to insist on their amendments to certain
Senate amendments to the army appropriation bill,
and asked a committee of conference.
THE TARIFF.
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, (the hour of one
o'clock having arrived,) the Senate then, as in com-
mittee of the whole, resumed the consideration of
the special order, being the "bill to reduce the
duties on imports,and for other purposes."
Mr. CAMERON addressed the Senate at length
in opposition to the bill; he read his speech from a
manuscript. It was decided in its tone against the
new bill, the effect of which, on the revenue as
well as the various industrial interests of the coun-
try, he represented as most disastrous. He con-
cluded with quoting from a speech of the Hon. G.
M. Dallas, in favor of the protective system, and
intimated his belief, that, in the event of the ques-
tion depending for its issue on the casting vote of
the Vice President, that officer would not be recre-
ant to the interests of his own State.
Mr. UPHAM then expressed a desire to speak
upon the question, and the hope that he would be
allowed until to-morrow morning to prepare him-
self. He would move that the subject be laid over
until to-morrow, and that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of Executive business.
Mr. McDUPPlE eallcd for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted 
yeas 30, nays 21—as follows;
VEAS—Messrs. Archer. Bagbv, Benton, Berrien, Cam-
eron, Uillty, Jnlm M. Ciavtou. Thomas Clavton. Corvvm
Crittenden, Davi^, Pavtou, 13v.«is. Greene. H. wuad,
Huntington, Jaiimsm. .Intnii-oii of Man-lanrt, Johnson of
Louisiana, Mangum, Stiller, Morcltea'd, Niies Pheln<
Rusk, Simmons, sturgeon. Uphaiu, Webster, and Wood-
bridge—30.
NAYS--M(>ss^. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherion,Bm>se,
Bright, Calhoun,Ca?s. Chalmers, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield.
Hanneaan, Lewis,MHThiffie, Pennvbaeker, Semple, Sevier
Speight. Turnev, and Yulee—21. '
So the Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business, and after some time spent
therein, the doors were again opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
