1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
The whole Democratic majority of the State of
Pennsylvania was something over 5,000; and it
will be seen, therefore, that these counties sustain
the Democracy of the .State. The town of Norris-
town was not in the coal or iron region. It was a
manufacturing town, and owed much of its pros-
perity to the large cotton manufactories which had
sprung up under our tariff laws, and which gave
to its neighborhood a market for its agricultural
products In 1840 its population was about 2,500;
it now contains over 5,000. Montgomery county
gives a large and decided Democratic majority.
Mr. SEVIER then said that he regretted to find
the Senator from Pennsylvania engaged in " panic-
making;" but to do the Senator justice, he (Mr.
S.J was bound to admit that he did it with a pleas-
ant smile, as though it was all a first-rate joke.
A good deal had been said about coincidences;
and this certainly was something like a coincidence
in wh.it was going on there. On the meeting of
the Senate every day, first they had prayers by
the chaplain, then the reading of the Journal, and
next an hour and a half consumed in the recital
of a sort of funeral dirge from the pensioners of
Pennsylvania. He had sat quietly and patiently :
whilst all that was going on, because the Senator
himself appeared to think the whole thing a good
joke. Was there an intelligent man in Pennsyl-
vania who at the last Presidential election did not
know perfectly well what were the opinions of Mr
Polk in regard to the tariff? Was theie a single i
individual who did not then know that Mr. Polk j
was a free-trade man ? j
Mr. ARCHER. They thought him a better '
taiiff man than Mr. Clay, that is all. j
Mr. SEVIER proceeded. No State had been '
more thorough-going than Pennsylvania in her
opposition to chartered privileges, yet they wore
now told that unless this high protective act of
1842 remained, they would be entirely ruined.
Did Pennsylvania expect the States to pay her
debts? No. That was not in accordance with
their good old Democratic principle. He had
heard it said that under the operations of the act
of 1842 a journeyman blacksmith in Pennsylvania
had become a great manufacturer, and had now
nine hundred laborers in his employment. How
many would he have if left to go on at that rate
for two or three years longer? Why, he would
very soon have every man in the State under his
control. Pennsylvania had made no complaints
heiclufore. Pie believed she never had been, and
never would be otherwise than Demociatic. Pie
hud only a word to add. Pie thought that the
gentlemen on the other side had had ample oppor-
tunities afforded them for the discussion of this
question without interfering with the time devoted
to the transaction of the morning business. They
had the debate all to themselves; his friends had
not as yet allowed themselves to be coaxed into it,
but had received the lire of their adversaries with-
out lesistance. He hoped, therefore, that the
mounng hour would not be thus encroached upon.
He hoped these petitions would be hereafter laid
on the table, or referred without any debate or
long speeches. ;
Mr. BAGBY objected to the occupying of the |
morning hour m this way. He would insist on a '
strict observance of the rules of order. I
Mr. CAMERON said that he always smiled |
when his friend, the Senator from Arkansas, ad- i
dressed the Senate on this subject. His wit was
so irresistible that it excited his risible faculties no
matter how solemn the mood in which it found
him. But he could not permit his friend to charge
his State, or her citizens, with being dependants or
pensioners on the Government. They were not
like Arkansas, or other States that he could name,
thai were constantly appealing to Congress for aid
from the public treasury, for whose benefit some
twenty bills were now on our flies, asking for aid; i
and for whose benefit we had been called upon j
only yesterday for some ^50,000, without even a 1
voucher, except the assertion that the money had .
been drawn for and expended. The Senator from '
Arkansas, he said, also did him injustice in quo- '
ting his remaiks of yesterday. He did not then I
say that a single person in Pennsylvania controlled I
nine hundred workmen. The workmen of that !
State were not controlled by their cmploycis; they {
"were freemen, and they could stand erect before j
their God, without being controlled by any one. ]
The Senator from Arkansas had in this much mis- !
taken the charactcr of these petitioners, when he 5
compared them to the slave labor of the South, as
he did when he said that " laborers were the same
everywhere." The laborers of Pennsylvania were
white men; they were freemen; they were intelli-
gent men; and they asked no favors from the Gov-
ernment but to be let alone in the enjoyment of
their labor. The Senator from Arkansas had char-
ged him (Mr. C. said) with acting on this question
with the Whig Senator from Massachusetts. He
admitted that on this question they were together,
but he would remind that honorable Senator of
what seemed to have escaped his memory—that he
and the honorable Senator from Massachusetts had
stood shoulder to shoulder on a question which
was, perhaps, of still greater magnitude than this
one; which dismembered the nation; which took
from this country and gave to the British nation
several degrees of latitude in the Oregon country.
He wished his friend to reconcile that coalition
before he charged other Senatois with acting in
the company of Whigs. Pie (Mr. C. said) was
acting with the Democracy of his own State; and
he desired to learn no new democracy from gen-
tlemen who compared his laboring fellow-citizens
with the negro laborers of the South.
Mr. ATHERTON then stated that the commit-
tee had reported against the printing, on the ground
of its being unusual to print such documents—that
it would be expensive—that lengthy documents
would be sent to the Senate, and their printing de-
manded while their contents were only a repe-
tition of the arguments of Senators; and also that
some of the gentlemen by whom the petitions were
presented had stated to the committee that they
had no special desire to have them printed.
Mr. McDUEEIE asked the yeas and nays on
the question, and, being seconded, they were or-
dered.
The motion of McDuffie was then decided as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton,
B.igby, Bree^', Bnglit, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Dickiu-
*«nn, Dix, Fairfield, Harinegan, Houston, Lewis, McDuffie,
Perm>baeker, Ihi.-k, Seuiple, Sevier, Speight, Turney,
VV^teort, and Yulee—25.
NAYS—Mps&is. Aicher, Bairow, Berrien, Cameron,
Cilley, John M. Clayton, Thomas Clayton, Coivvm, Crit-
tenden, Davis, Dayton, Evans, Greene, Haywood, Hunt-
ington, Jarnagin, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of Mary-
land, Mangum, MilJer, Morchead, Pearce, Simmons, Stur-
geon, Upham, and Woodbiidge—26.
The memorial was then referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. BAGBY submitted the following resolution;
which lies over:
Resoked, That the 24th rule of the Senate shall
not be so construed as to authorize any debate or
discussion upon a motion to print any memorial or
petition presented to the Senate, nor shall any ex-
planation of any memorial or petition be made ex-
cept by the Senator intioducing it.
Mr. PIANNEGAN submitted the following re-
solution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library
be requested to examine into the causes of com-
plaint which exist concerning the delay in the dis-
tribution of Fremont's Report, and whether any
officer or person in the employ of the Senate has
disposed of or withheld documents printed by or-
der of the Senate, in a manner contrary to the rules
of the Senate.
Mr. LEWIS submitted the following resolution;
which lies over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be in-
structed to inform the Senate by what authority of
law the office of "principal steam engineer" in
the navy has been crcated or continued from year
to year: what services have been performed by
that officer which do not appropiiately belong to
the duties of engineer-in-chief, or of some other
officer in the engineer department; what are the
appropriate duties of the engineer-in-chief of the
navy, with a detailed statement of the services in
which he has been engaged since the present in-
cumbent came into office, including a statement of
such plans and estimates, and drawings of en-
gines, as he has at any time made or furnished for
fitting out any new steam vessel belonging to the
Government, or altering or repairing any which
has already been in service. And that he further
report the compensation, if any, which the " prin-
cipal steam engineer" and the " cngincer-in-chief5
have received from the Government, for services
of any and every kind whatever, over and above
the salaries which have been allowed them by law.
Resolved further, That the Secretary of the Navy
be instructed to communicate to the Senate the
names of 44 the engineers of the United States
navy," together with the date of their appoint-
ment, and the rank and annual pay of each; also,
to furnish the evidence of the qualifications of each
for the performance of their several duties.
Resolved farther, That the Secretary of the Navy
be instructed to inform the Senate whether any
member or members of the engineer corps attached
to the navy, appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, has been
reduced in rank or pay, or dismissed from the ser-
vice, except for crime, without trial by court mar-
tial; and if so, under what law, and by what author-
ity, and for what cause, the reduction in rank or
pay, or dismissal, has taken place; and whether
any person, and if any, who, not known as an
officer under the laws of the United States, has
presided as an examiner or judge at any tribunal
where the qualifications of officers appointed by the
Piesident, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, have been inquired into, together with
the names and authority of such person or persons,
and under what law, authority, or regulation any
examination or trial has been field by such person
or persons, and whether such trial or examination
was public, or private, and under injunctions of
secrecy.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported back, without amendment, the
House bills for the relief of Mary Campbell, widow
of John Campbell, of Leah Gray, Daniel H. War-
ren, and Peter Rife.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, without amendment, the
House bill for the relief of John Milsted, of Es-
cambia county, Florida.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported without amendment the House
bill for the relief of the heirs of Robert Fulton.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on
Printing, reported in favor of printing the report
of the Secretary of War, showing the aggregate
amount of appropriation made by Congress for
the removal of obstructions to the navigation of
harbors and rivers of the United States.
Mr. A. also, from the same committee, reported
adverse to the motion to print various memorials
in relation to the tarilf, referred to said commit-
tee.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a joint resolution for the
relief of Henry R. Schoolcraft; which was read,
and passed to the second reading.
GENERAL ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The Senate considered the report of the Com-
mittee on Printing, recommending the printing of
the report from the Secretary of War in relation
to the aggregate amount of appropriations made
by Congress for the improvement of rivers and
harbors of the United States; which was concur-
red in.
The Senate considered the adverse report of the
printing committee, upon the motions to print sun-
dry memorials in relation to the subject of the
tariff.
The question being upon concurring with the
report of the committee,
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON demanded the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. HAYWOOD then said, the bill from the
other House, on which these memorials are ground-
ed, was sent to the Senate; and the Senate—I do
not complain of it—refused to refer the bill. If
the bill had been referred, the memorials would
have followed it, and I should have voted against
the printing as unnecessary. But the Senate re-
tained the bill in their own hands, for their own
deliberation and examination; and there is no other
way in which these petitions can be heard, that I'
know of, except that they be printed, and therefore
I vote for the printing. I am for no false collateral
issues on the great question.
^ The yeas and nays were then taken on the ques-
tion of concurring with the report of the committee,
and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atberton, Bag-
by, Breese, Brisrht, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Dickinson,
Dix, Fairfield, Hannogan. Houston, Lewis, MeDuffie, Pe -
nybaoker. Rusk, Sempie, Sevier, Speight,Turney, Westeott,
1 and Yulee—25.
