1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1133
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Cameron, Cil-
ley, Thomas Clayton, John MT. Clayton, Convin, Crittenden,
Davis, Dayton, Evans, Greene, Haywood, Huntington, Jar-
nagin, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of Maryland, Man-
gum, Miller, Morehead, Pearce, Simmons, Sturgeon, and
Woodbridge—25.
The President voted in tlie negative, the report
was not concurred in, and the documents were or-
dered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, made in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate calling
for a list of manufactured articles upon which fifty-
four millions of dollars are annually paid to the
protected classes by enhancing the price of the do-
mestic articles; which was read, ana ordered to be
printed.
NAVY PENSIONS.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back the " bill making appropriations for
the payment of naval pensions for the year ending
June 30, 1847/' without amendment, and moved
that the Senate proceed immediately to its consid-
eration : which motion was agreed to.
The bill was therefore considered as in commit-
tee of the whole, when
Mr. FAIRFIELD moved the following amend-
ment, viz: " Add to the end of the bill the clause,
' for the payment of invalid pensions which prior
' to 1844 was paid from the privateer pension funds,
' $3,000.'  
Mr. PEARCE opposed the amendment.
Mr. FAIRFIELD replied.
Mr. JARNAGIN moved an amendment to the
amendment, by inserting after the word " invalid"
the words "and widows."
Mr. DAYTON submitted a few remarks in sup-
port of the amendment. Seamen had entered tlie
service under the express contract with the United
States, that if they were killed or disabled, their
families should be provided for; and it was equita-
ble and just that this contract be fulfilled to the
letter.
Mr. JARNAGIN spoke in favor of his amend-
ment.
Mr. EVANS thought it impolitic to press the
amendments at this late day. The hill had been
fully discussed in the other House, and he feared
that if the bill was sent back, it might not become
a law at all.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment; which was rejected.
The question was then taken on the amendment
submitted by the Senator from Maine; which was
agreed to on a division—yeas 19, nays 14.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended.
The question being on concurring in the amend-
Hi cut
Mr. SPEIGHT submitted a few remarks in
opposition thereto, and demanded the yeas and
nays upon the concurrence, which were ordered;
arid, being- taken, resulted, yeas 26, nays 17, as
follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Archer, Atherton, Bagby, Berrien, Brpose,
Bright, Cameron, Oasf ,Cilley, John M. Clayton, Giittondcn,
Davis, Dayton, Dickinson, Fairiioltl, Greene, Ilunlinpfon,
Johnson of Maryland, Miller, Nilos, Phelps, Seinple, Sim-
jhoriN, Upham, Westcott, and YVoodbridge—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Aslilev, Atchison, Calhoun, Tho-
mas Clayton, Corwin, "Evans, Haywood, Houston. Jarnayin,
Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis, Pearce, I'onnybacker, Rusk,
Sturgeon, and Turney—17.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to a thiid reading,
read a third time, and passed.
The (House) joint resolution regulating the
manner of procuring the printing of Congress was
read twice and referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill with amendments?.
Mr. CILLEY presented a resolution from the
Legislature of the State of New Hampshire, in
favor of a wise and equitable protection of the
great industrial pursuits of the people.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a com-
munication from P. M.Butler, the commissioner
appointed to negotiate a treaty with the Cumanche
and other wild Indians of the prairies, desiring that
a committee may be appointed with power to sen4
for persons and papers; said committee to examine
into his accounts as such commissioner. Mr. B.
states that he is able to account for every dollar
expended, and he hopes to show that all the ex-
penditures were necessary.
THE TARIFF.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
" bill to reduce the duties on imports, and for other
purposes.''
Mr. UPHAM addressed the Senate in opposi-
tion to the bill. He opposed it because it would
work an entire revolution in the revenue system,
and would be destructive of our long-tried and suc-
cessful policy. Every one was satisfied with the
working of the present system, which had given
life to business and energy to industry. I~Ie went
into a review of the value of our agricultural pro-
ducts, and the necessity which existed for giving
them adequate protection. The State which he
represented produced great numbers of sheep, and
the protection of their wool was imperatively de- !
m&ndcd.
lie showed that the protective policy was fixed
on the Noith by the votes of the South, and con-
tended that it was the duty of Congress to protect
the interests which hud been brought into existence
by their legislation.
Mr. SUMMONS then addressed the Senate on
the same side; but soon gave way, without conclud-
ing his remarks, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July S3, 1846-
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the business first m
order to bo the resolution of Mr. Douglass, (pend-
ing at the adjournment last evening,) providing
that all debate on the bill relative to, and increas-
ing the duties of the Attorney General, should ter-
minate in one hour after it should again have been
taken up in committee.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the resolution be
laid on the table. But he subsequently withdrew
the motion, and substituted for it an amendment
extending the time for debate until one o'clock.
Mr. 1JROD11EAD moved twelve.
The question was taken first on the amendment
of Mr. Asiimun, and it was agreed to.
And, as thus amended, the Resolution was adopt-
ed.
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a leport.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order would be the call of committees for
reports.
THT2 WAR WITH MEXICO.
Mr, JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL asked leave to
introduce the following resolution; which was read
for information, as follows:
JR.esoh.cil t.y the Semite and H)tisc of Representatives of the
United Stains of Jim erica in Oon^rc^f, usscmbled, That at a
period, imd under eneuinstauces, when no liability ex at* to
iiubLon>tiuction ol the measure or danger of impeachment
of the motives which induce it, a reasonable effort should be
made, eous-wtently with national dignity and honor, tor the
res-torauon of peace between the Republic of the United
States and that ot Mexico.
«3ud be it further resolved, That the Senate and House of
Rep.osentaiives respectfully recommend to the Piendent
that he* oitti, it m his judgment it be expedient, to open with
Mexico a negotiation for trie purpose of closing the pie&ent
war, of stopping the effusion ol human blood, and of pi o-
vidmg a permanent  nd suiiftfactory ammgement of all sub-
sisting ihiibreiicess.
Jlnd be itfwtker resolved, That the offer now recommend-
ed cannot fail to produce (what«ver may be its reception
and immediate UVeet) ultimate consequences alike honor-
able to the country and beneficial to the cause of justice.
If accepted in a fepnit eoi re-ponding with that which
prompts it, this nation will be restored to its natural pio-
gre«five course of prosperity and happiness, and will secure
to itsolt a sentiment of universal goodwill. If refused, tl'om
whatever cause the retusal may arise, the nation which as-
sumes a responsibility so full of thieatened wrctchedne s
will deprivf itsetl" of eveiy claim to the sympathies of the
world; and tins Government and country will assume a
position so lolty and Sao fum, that humanity itsoll will sanc-
tion a noeessary continuance of the ravages oi war.
And be it further resolved, That no impediment exists to
a communication with the Government ol Mexico, by reason
either of hostilities between the two countries, or a distuib-
ed state of public affairs m one of them. Intercourse may
be opened, if necessary, from army to aimy, even at the
point of the bayonet, or, with better hopes, through the
amicable agency ol a friendly foreign Power.
Mr. DROMGOOLE and Mr. RATHBUN rose
and objected.
So the resolution was not entertained.
DUTIES OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL,
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Duomgoole, of Virginia,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill relative to, and increasing; the duties of, the
Attorney General; together with the several pend-
ing amendments.
Mr. G. W. JONES was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committee against the bill generally,
but mainly in opposition to the sixth section pro-
posing to increase the compensation of the Attor-
ney General, &c. Mr. J. declared himself in favor
of a liberal compensation to officers of the Govern-
ment—sufficiently liberal to command the best tal-
ents and the most efficient men. Keeping this
principle in view, he was satisfied that the com-
pensation at present allowed to the Attorney Gen-
eral was ample for all the services he rendered, even
if the additional duties contemplated by the bill
(and which, Mr. J. contended, would not render
the duties of the office onerous or burdensome)
should be imposed upon him.
Mr. J. yielded for explanation to Messrs. HEN-
LEY and RATHBUN.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL made a few remarks
in favor of the bill.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, after some pre-
liminary remarks in relation to the popularity of
the theme of economy in the House and in the
country, but insisting that the expenditure of
money was not necessarily extravagance, nor a
departure from the principles of economy, pro-
ceeded to advocate the bill. He quoted the recom-
mendation of the Executive on the subject at the
commencement of the present session, contending'
that that recommendation was in accordance with
recommendations previously made and opinions
expressed by former Presidents.
Mr, S. yielded for explanation to Messrs. C. J.
INGERSOLL, PETTIT, and J. a. ADAMS.
Mr. GILES spoke generally in favor of the bill,
in reply to the objections of Mr. Jonf.s, and in
opposition to the motion of Mr. Gordon, to strike
out the sixth section.
Mr. OWEN said he had but a few words to
say on this bill, and would not now have troubled
the committee at all, were it not, that in the course
of this discussion another bill had been the sub-
ject of comment, a bill which he considered one of
the most important that yet remained untouched
by this House—the bill, namely, to reoiganizc the
State Depaitment.
In regard to the bill before the committee (said
Mr. Owen) I was at first disposed to vote for the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vintoj*,] prohibiting the Attorney General from
practising m the courts, except as attorney for the
United States. But I am not a member of the
profession, and those who are, and have far more
experience in such matters than I—the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ingersoli,] and others-
seem to agree that such a restriction is inexpedient.
If so, and none such is imposed, then I am op-
posed to raising the Attorney General's salary
above what it now is. With his probable private
practice added, it is already higher than that of
the other members of the Cabinet. Equal with
theirs I am willing to make it, if we decide that
he is not to reap the benefit of private practice.
But, sir, in voting against the increase of salary
in this case, I am not actuated by the same princi-
ples which I hear avowed by some of my fellow
members. The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] arguing not only against this bill, but, as
I understood him, against all reorganization of the
Department of State, declared, that other gentlemen
might do as they pleased about voting to raise sala-
ries, he "intended to be on the people's side.'' Sir,
I will not say that no member has a right to use
such language; all gentlemen are free to make what
professions they will on this floor. Hut this I say,
that such exclusive claim to devotion to the public
involves, incidentally at least, the implication that
ail who \'oted, on such subjects, in opposition to
the gentleman, have no regard either to the wishes
or the interests of the people. Sir, if to vote for
low salaries were the true and exclusive test of
patriotism, a patriot's reputation would be cheaply
earned. For myself, I hold that it is sometimes as
imperative a duty to vote for an additional salaiy,
as it may be in another ease, to vote a reduction.
In both cases, the interest of the public service
should alone direct us in our action. If, at a salary
of $1,500 a year, we cannot procure certain quali-
fications necessary to a particular station, it may
