1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julj 24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Ashley, Atchison, Bar-
row, Benton, Bieese, Bught, Cass, Chalmers, John INI. Clay-
ton, Thomas Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden, Davis Dnyton,
Dickinson, Dix,Evans, Gicene, Hannegan, Haywood, Hous-
ton, Huntington, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of Mai y-
land, Miller, Mon;head, Niles, Peaice, Rusk, Semple, Sevier,
Simmons, Speight, Stmgeon, Upham, and YVoodbridge—38.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following
amendment; which was rejected:
t( For improving the harbor of Apalachieola, and removing
the obstiuetion& m St. George's Sound, and for imploring
the harbor of St. Walk's below Foit St. Mark's, and lor im-
proving the harbor at and near the mouth of the Suwannee
over, and for improving the harbor of Tampa, below Fort
Brooke, in the State of Flonda, $50,000, oi so much theieof
as the President of the United States may deem pioper and
necessary to be expended."
Mr. NILES moved the following' amendment;
which was rejected, to wit:
"For purchasing the slock of the < Union Company,' foi <
improving Connecticut river from its mouth to Hartford, j
$40,0U0, so a* to relieve the navigation of said liver from a '
charge iiyuuouh to the commerce of the country."
Mr. TICJNTINGTON submitted the following
amendment; which was rejected, to wit:
"Foi completing the improvement of the navigation of
the river Thames, connected with the harbor of Norwich,
Connecticut, *'20,000."
Mr. DAYTON moved the following amendment;
which was rejected, viz:
" Foi improving the channel of Delaware river, between
Bristol and Tienton, §10,000."
Mr. FAIRFIELD moved the following amend-
ment; which was rejected, yeas 8, nays 31, viz:
" For repaning the piers heretofore built by the Govern-
ment o{ the United States m and at the mouth of Saeo river,
in ,Maine, .^5,000."
[A message was received from the President of
the United States, announcing that he had signed
and approved the joint resolution in relation to the
printing of Congress, and regulating the compen-
sation therefor.
A message in writing was also received from the
President.]
Mr. ATHERTON submitted the following pro-
viso as an amendment to the bill;
"Provided, That no money bli.ill be drawn fiom the tieas-
 u*v on account of any appiopnations contained in this act,
unless the revenues of the Government shall be sufficient
to pay the eurient expenses of the year without resojting to
treasury notes oi loanrf."
Mr. N1LES moved an amendment, by striking
out the word "current," before expenses, and in-
serting in lieu thereof the word "ordinary."
After somp remarks from Mr. WESTCOTT and
Mr. SVE1G LTT, the amendmentof Mr. Niles was
rejected.
The question was then about to be taken on Mr.
Atiierton's amendment, when he called for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered, and, being
taken, it resulted as follows:
Y liAS—Atehi.-on, Atherton, Bajjby, Blight, Cal-
houn, Chaluims, Cilb-y, Evan*-, Fan field, I-Inywood Hous-
ton, Lewi<, McDufne, Niles, Pennybacker, Turney, We^t-
cott. ;md Yulee—18
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Hanow, Denton, Berrien,
Bieese, Ca-;>, John M Clayton, Thomas Clayton, Coiwin,
Cuttenden, Davip, Dayton, Dickinson, Di.v,Greene, llatme-
g,ui, Huntington. Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of Mary-
bind, Miller, Aloiehcad, Peaice, Phelp-, Rnf-k, Semple,
Sou'er. Simmons Speight, Sturgeon, Upham, Webster, and
Woodbrulge—
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following
amendment:
Add the following section: I
"And whereas it is anticipated that the revenue for the >
year ending June 30th, will be inadequate to pay the ;
ovpendituies or1 the fiovei nun nt allowed by law, and that a j
resoit must be had toothei means foi obtainn.g funds foi the j
U^e of the Government: Tnerefore, in order to rai.-e money [
to effect the objects ot this act— i
£k Be U further enacted, That the Secretary of theTiea-my 1
be authoiized and dm cted to make, i-ign, and i>siie certifi- ,
cates to an amount not exceeding the amount appropriated j
by thi> act, and ten p,jr centum tin reon payable to the ordei |
of the Secietaiy of Wai, iPelting the piovisionsoi this act, |
and tno specific item ot approp.ianon to procure funds '
toi which the same is issued, lor eu< h sums he may
deem proper, not less than one hundred dolhus, and the
s>ame shall be received at any of the land office* m payment I
for lands putehased of the United Staler sold at public sale, ,
or by private entry, and which certificates shall notbe.u !
mteiest, and the Secretary of the Treasury shall deliver
said ceitificates to the Seeietaryof War; and that before i
any oi v=uch v/oik  shall commenced, or any expense in- j
curied iheieon, tlie SeeieMry of Wai shall, by sale of so |
many of saul certificates as may be necessary at public sale ;
for ca^h, w ithin the State or Temtoiy in which tiie panic- |
nlar woik foi which the t-ame were issued is situated. which !
&ale may be at a discount of not moir than ten per centum ,
on the amount of such certificates, have laised the amount '
appropriated by this act necessary to carry on such v\oi k."
Mr. HANNEGAN said that he was desirous of
seeing how many, and who of the Senators were
ready to vote for the issuing of land scrip at ten
per cent, interest, and demanded the yeas and
nays upon the latter amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered upon the above
amendment, and, being taken,resulted as follows:
YEA—Mr. Wcfsteott—1.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Ashley, Atchison, Ather-
ton, Bariow, Benton, Berrien. Bieese, Bright, Calhoun,
Cass, Otialmeis, J. M. Clavton, T. Clayton, Corwin, Critten-
den, Davis, Dayton, Dickinson, Dix, Famiebd,Greene, IX,m-
ueg'in, Haywood, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of Mary-
land, MeDuthe, Miller, Moiehead, Niles, Pearce, Penny-
backcr, Phelps, Husk, Semple, Sevier, Simmons, Speight,
Sturgeon, Tumey, Upham, and Woodbndge—13.
So the amendment was rcjec.ted.
No further amendments being submitted, the
bill was reported to the Senate, with an unimpor-
tant amendment adopted in committee a day or two
since.
The question being' on concurring in this amend-
ment, it was decided in the negative.
Mr. DAVIS moved that the appropriation of
§12,000 for the improvement of the harbor at Lit-
tle Fort, on Lake Michigan, be stricken out.
Upon this question Mr. I), demanded the yeas
and nays, which were ordered; and, being taken,
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Mcvsis. Archer, Athciton, Bai;by, Berrien, Cal-
houn, Chalmers, Cilh y, Davi>, i)i\. ftvans, Fairfield, Hay-
wood, Huntington, Jarmi^in, Levvi<, Mangum, Niles, Pen-
nybacker, ltu-k, Sevier, Turney, We&tcott, and Yulee—03.
NAYS—Mes<r-!. Alien, Ashley, Atchison, Barrow, Ben-
ton, Bieese, Bn^ht, Cameron, Ca-s, John M. Clayton, Tho-j.
Cia\ton, Corwin, Cuttenden, Dickinson, Greene, Hanne-
gan, Jorm«on of Loni^iciiui, John>on of Maryland, Milh r,
Moifhead, Peaice, Phelps, Semple, Simmons, Spaght,
Stuig -on, Upham, Wehsiei, and Woodbndge—29.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BAGBY moved that the fiuthcr considera-
tion of the subject be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. HAYWOOD expressed the hope that the
motion would be withdiawn. He was opposed to
the bill, but desired that the question might be ta-
ken, and it disposed of.
Mr. 13AGBY proceeded to address the Senate
agamst the hill; but gave way to
Mr. SIMMONS, who said that he was not aware
that it was the intention of the Senator from Ala-
bama to address the Senate upon the bill, and he
had assented to the postponement of the special
order—the tariff—supposing that the question was
to be taken on the bill.
Ciies of " let him go on," and " dispose of the
bill," were heard.
Mr. SIMMONS assented.
Mr. LEWIS moved that the Senate resume the
consideration of the special order.
[Cries of " special order," and " question."]
The question was taken upon the motion to take
up the special order, and decided In the negative
on a division—yeas 18, nays 25.
Mr. BAUD* resumed and concluded his re- I
marks, denying, at some length, both the consli- !
tutionahty and the expediency of the bill. ;
The question being called upon ordering the bill I
to a third leading, the yeas and nays were demand- ^
ed, and resulied—yeas 3'1, nays 16, as follows: j
YEAS—Mls-i-^. Alien, Ashley, Bannw, Ronton, Demon, •
Bivcmj, Cameion. Cass, John M. Cl<i)ton, Tiiomas Clajton, ,
Collin, Davis, Day tori, Diekm-on, Di\., Uieene, Uanne- i
gan, Huntington, Jai nagm, Johnson of Louisiana John^-m
oi MaiVlaiid, Miller, Moiehecul, Pcarct-, Pj.eip?. Ri^k, Sem- i
pic, Seaei, Sumnoiis, Speight, Sturgeon, Upham, Webster, !
and Woodbndge—3-J.
NAYS—Mes-is. AteSi 'i*. Athcrton, Bagby, Calhoun, Chid- i
nier>, Cillej, F.urlKld, Haywood, Houston, Lewi*,. Man- ■
gum, Nilo^, Pemnbackt'i, Turney, We^tcott, and Yulee—Id.
So tiie bill was oidered to a third reading.
By unanimous conscnt, the bill was then read a
third time and passed, in the prceisc terms in which
it was reported to the Senate from the House of
Represontatives.
THE TARIFF.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of the
" bill to reducc the duties on imports, and for other i
purposes."
Mr. SIMMONS resumed his remarks, review-
ing and crifie.ising the estimate of the Secretary of
the Treasury, as to the amount of revenue, antici-
pated from this bill. In a communication from the
President on the subjcct of the resources on which
he relied for the prosecution of the war with Mex-
ico, the estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury
accompanying it was open to 'some correction.
He was satisfied that the Sccretaiy. and the chair- 1
man of the Committee on Finance, as well as the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Metms
of the other House, estimated with sufficient lib-
erality when they concluded that the new bill would
produce a revenue of $22,000,000. He adverted
to the generally leceiycd opinion that specific du-
ties are necessarily high duties, while ad valorem
duties were more moderate; and contended that
in effect specific duties were ad valorem. Specific
duties had the advantage of simplicity. Lay a
duty of six cents the bushel on salt, and no man
can misunderstand it; but if you say twenty per
cent, ad valorem, it is calculated to perplex and con-
fuse those who are not well acquainted with the
operation of the principle. There was and always
must be, a difficulty in ascertaining the real value
of merchandise for the purpose of fixing the amount
of duty. It is contended by the Secretary that
more revenue has been derived from ad valorem
than from specific duties: and demonstrated by
figures that the reverse is the fact—that so far as
they are collected, specific duties yield more in
proportion than ad valorem. The estimates of the
Secretary were made out by some one who had
committed great errors.
He did not regret the rule on which this bill was
founded, so much as he regretted the motive which
manifested itself in all the speeches which he had
heard in defence of the measure. It was aimed at
the growing prosperity of our country. He asked,
what had the mechanics, the manufacturers, done
to excite the hostility of those who assailed them ?
These men had been cast on a steril soil, and un-
able to obtain subsistence from a fiat rock, had
been compelled to resort to other means of subsist-
I encc, which required more wear and tear of muscle
i and brain than was extorted from those who lived
on fertile soils. He averred that he would be
ready to give protection to the interests of any
other section of the country whenever it was asked,
and he could not understand the opposition made
to the manufacturing interest. The pursuits of
gentlemen of the We«!t were different from those of
the Eastern cities. He would give gentlemen until
they became as gray as a badger to catch a whale,
and give them a premium on it besides. Yet those
who are engaged in manufactures were stigmatized
as monopolists, and their applications were treated
with contempt or neglect.
In looking on the interests operated on by this
bill, he said that theie was a new interest of which
he knew very little, but which he felt desirous to
encourage: it was the manufacture of chemicals, in
which scientific and learned men are engaged—men
whom it does the heart good to talk with on ac-
count of their profound knowledge of the elements
of which Nature is composed. One of the articles
in which they are most interested is retorts, and
these are only to be obtained at a single market,
where they cost from ten to twenty thousand dol-
lars each. On these the duty ad valorem would
operate most injuriously.
The forty per ccnt. class included rose wood,
cedar wood, mahogany, &o., while the cabinet
furniture was only 30 per cent.: thus the furniture
made by foreign workmen received greater favor
than our own industry consuming the raw mate-
1 rial.
, Becauso England modified her system, it was no
i good ground for our following her example. On
■ the contrary, it should induce us to be more cau-
tious in our course. He looked with some ill-fore-
; bodings to the consequences which were likely to
' result from the great contest now going on between
■ England, France,and ourselves, for the markets of
the world. He feared the time would come when
i this rivalry would have to bedetermimd in a mode
' which humanity would mourn, and. which he should
| most earnestly labor to postpone.
He continued his argument against the bill at
much length; and, having concluded,
Mr. WEBSTER arose to atkiiess the Senate;
but °;ave way to
Mr. HAYWOOD, who mo-\ed that the Senate
procecd to the consideration of Executne business;
which motion wos agreed to.
The Senate thereupon went into Executive ses-
sion, and after some tune spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 24, 1S46-
The Journal of yestf rday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be as follows:
