1140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July S5, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part, and,
the further reading having, on motion of Mr.
DANIEL, be^n dispensed with, was approved.
Mr. PRESTON KING, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, by unanimous consent, reported
■without amendment, the Senate bill for the relief
of Alexis Hyat.
Mr. K. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports upon the petitions of J. Rose, J.
Morrison, R. Rose, Lancelot Williams, A. D. W.
Rodley, Ephraim Shalcr, J. Clarke, J. Brown, M.
Simpson, Gr. Hiskman, A. P. Tyler, A. T. Bolton,
and S. Tarkington: laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON KING,
Ordered, That the committee be discharged from
the consideration of the petitions of M. Spalding,
D. R. Granger, J. Hibbert, J. Davenport, S. Bur-
ton, W. Roberts, J. Sagathy, D. Pattie, T. Sin-
clair, C. Weston, T. R. Sanders, A. Brightwell,
and S. Clarke; which were laid upon the table.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the private calendar.
Senate bills of the following titles were read a
third time, and passed:
■ For the relief of the representatives of Pierre
Menard, Josiah T. Belts, Jacob Feaman, and Ed-
mund Roberts, sureties of Felix St. Vrain.
For the relief of Amos Kendall.
For the relief of John Keith.
For the relief of Nathaniel Phillips.
The bill for the relief of Mrs. Pike, widow of
the late General Pike, coming1 up—
Messrs. GORDON, CULVER, and McDOW-
ELL, of Ohio, advocated, and Messrs. DANIEL,
GllOVER, and ATKINSON, opposed it.
Mr. McDOWELL said:
Mr. Speaker: I do not design to occupy the
attention of the House but. a few minutes on the
bill now before it; for it seems to me that no one,
who has taken the trouble to read the report of the
Senate committee, whose report is before us, can
have a moment's hesitancy as to the course he
should take in reference to the object of the bill.
This bill is the result of the investigation of a com-
mittee in the Senate of high character for intelli-
gence and talent. It passed the Senate scarcely
without opposition; came to this House, and was
referred to the appropriate committee here, which
investigated the claim, and reported it back with a
recommendation that it pass. I know that some
objections are urged upon the ground of expe-
diency, but it is now too late to attempt to estab-
lish a new rule on subjects of this nature after the
practice oi'the Government from the days of Lewis
and Clarke down to Wilkes's expedition. Con-
gress has in these cases given large extra pay,
because of the importance of the services rendered.
If that was a good reason in those cases, surely no
one who has made himself familiar with the im-
portant services rendered by General Pike to this
Government can deny its force in this. The pur-
chases of Indian lands amounted to many thou-
sand acres, which were procured by him upon the
most favorable terms. The explorations also
made by him were of incalculable advantage to
the Government in enabling it to avail itself of po-
sitiona.to prevent smuggling by British agents into
those then frontier portions of the country, and
thereby added thousands to the national treasury.
Sir, I desire it to be recollected, also, that the
applicant is the widow of General Z. M. Pike,
who gloriously fell at York, Upper Canada, in
1813—a name sacred in our country's history, one
that lives embalmed in every American bosom.
After having established, as is shown, that such
lias been the policy of the Government in such
cases, I appeal with confidence to every gentleman
present not to make the claims of the worthy
widow of this distinguished and departed patriot
an exception to the rale. I will close, Mr. Speak-
er, by reading an extract of a letter from Mrs.
Pike, to a friend in this city, of the date of Jan-
uary 12, 1846:
"Dear Sir : Your kind favor came to hand a few days
since, and for your unceasing exertions in my behalf, per-
mit me to return my sincere thanks. I have been in ill
health ever since I wrote you, seldom able to-leave my
room; and although for several days past I have expe-
rienced some change for the better, there is iittle prospect
ot a restoration to even a tolerable share of health. Indeed,
under existing circumstances, it cannot be expectcd. My
present dwelling is illy calculated for a security from the
rude blasts of a severe winter. I bad flattered myself that
it would have been repaired ere the eold weather set in;
bat was disappointed, and must now make the best of it."
I make no further remark. This short extract
makes its own appeal to every heart.
[Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
grossed Bills, reported that the committee had
found correctly engrossed the bill appropriating
for certain rivers and harbors, and certain other
bills ; and they received the signature of the
Speaker.]
Mr. WENTWORTH moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON", of Alabama, moved to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. McDOWELL, of Ohio, asked the yeas
and nays on this motion; which were refused.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and the ques-
tion being taken, they reported ayes 47, noes 73.
So the House refused to lay on the table.
The question recurring on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question, was taken, and
decided in the affirmative.
The main question was then ordered; and, being
taken, the vote resulted yeas 88, nays 64, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Jolui Quincv Adams, Asbmun,
Bell, Blancbard, RrinkerboiT, Brodliead, Wm. W, Campbell.
John H. Campbell, Catbcart, John G. Chapman, Chase-
Cranston, Ciozier, Culver, Cunningham, Dillingham, Dixon.
Doekery. Edsall, John H. Ewing, Edwin H. Swing, Faran.
Foot, Fries, Garvin, Gentry, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon,
Graham, Grider, Hainpfon, Il.irper, Hilhard, E. B. Holmes,
Isaac E. Holmes, Samuel 6. Hubbard, Hudson, Washington
Hunt, Joseph R. Ingeisoll, James II. Johnson, Daniel P.
King, Thomas B. King, Lewis, Levin, Long, Joseph J.
McDowell, James McDowell, MeGaufnev, McHenry, Mcll-
vaine, John P. Mai tin, Miller, Mo&eluy, Parrish, Pendleton,
PcrriU, Pettit, Pillshnvy, Polloek, Ramsey, Roberts, Julius
Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Rank, Sawver, Seaman,
Severance, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Thoraasfton, Benja-
min Thompson, James Thompson, Tibbatta, Tilden, Trum-
bo, Vance, Vinton, Wentworth, Wheaton, Wmthrop,
Woodwoilli, and Young—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bedinger,
Bigg*, James Black, William G. Brown, Buffington, Burt,
Reuben Chapman, Chipmari, Clarke, Cobb, Daniel, Dobbin,
Diomgoole, Dunlap, Erdman, Ficklm, Grovei, Hamlin,
Jlarmanson, Hopkins, Hough, George S. Hoi^ton, Edmund
W. llubard, Jaines B. Hunt.- Hunter, Andrew Johnson, G.
W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Preston King, Law-
rence, Lumpkin, Maclay, McCIean, McCIernand, McCon-
nell, Mc-Crate, McKay, Barkley Martin, Morris, Norn's,
Phelps, Rathbun, Jieid, Relfe, Ehett, Ritter, Sawtelle, Scam-
mon, Scddon, A. D. JLeonaid II. Sims, Stanton, St.
John, Svkes Jacob Thompson, Trcdway, Wick, Williams,
Wood, Woodward, and Yost—64.
So the bill was passed.
GOODS IN INDIAN TERRITORIES.
Mr. PHELPS moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the Senate bill " to authorize the
transportation of goods, wares, and merchandise
through the Indian territories," was yesterday re-
jected.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
The bill, oil motion of Mr. P., was recommitted
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON called up the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill for the
relief of the widow of Thomas Murray was laid on
the table.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The motion to lay on the fable was withdrawn.
And the question recurring on the engrossment
of the bill,
After some conversation,
The bill having been amended so as to accrue to
the legal representative or representatives of the
said Murray,
The report was read, and, after further remarks,
Mr. GORDON renewed the motion to lay on the
table. |
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered; ;
and, being; taken, resulted—yeas 57, nays 78.
So the House refused to lay on the table.
The question recurring' on the engrossment,
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, briefly opposed
the bill. "
Mr. CATHCART advocated it.
After a remark by Mr. THOMPSON, of Mis-
sissippi,
The question was taken on ordering the bill to
be engrossed, and the vote stood—ayes 48, noes
55; no quorum voting.
Mr, DANIEL moved a call of t! le House. Re-
fused.
A new count was taken, and the vote stood—
ayes 57, noes 57—a tie.
The SPEAKER voted in thi affirmative, making
the vote ayes 58, noes 57. ' \ ~
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed.
The question- being on its passage, . ' ' ,
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, asked the yeas
and nays, which were ordered; and, being taken,
resulted, yeas 73, nays 62.
So the bill was passed,
Mr. ROBERTS asked and obtained leave to
move to discharge the Committee of the Whole
House from the further consideration, of the bill for
the relief of Harriet L. Catchings.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a third time and passed.
The joint resolution from the Senate for the re-
lief of Putney & Riddle coming up—
Mr. DANIEL called for information respecting
it. .
Mr. GILES (in the absence of his colleague,
Mr. Ligon, who reported the bill) explained and
defended its provisions.
At the suggestion of Mr. DANIEL, the resolu-
tion was passed by informally.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, suggested,
as it was desirable to forward the bills passed in
this House to the Senate as early as possible, that
such bills as would give rise to no debate be first
taken up and acted on.
Objections were made, and the House proceeded
in the regular order of business.
The Senate bill granting a pension to Richard
Elliott being under consideration,
Mr. GORDON opposed the bill, and moved to
lay it on the table. He withdrew the motion, how-
ever, temporarily, at the request of—
Mr. BRODHEAD, who defended the bill.
Some conversation ensued between Messrs.
BRODHEAD, RATHBUN, HUNGERFORD,
and GORDON.
Mr. BRODHEAD msved to amend the bill by
reducing the pension from twenty-four to twenty
dollars per annum. Agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTS moved an amendment to strike
out the provision for back pay from 1833, so that
it take effect from passage. Agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
the question being on its passage, the vote stood .-
ayes 67, noes 24. No quorum.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved a call of the House.
Rejected. *
Mr. St. JOHN moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. GILES asked the yeas and nays,' which
were ordered, and, being taken, resulted—yeas 44,
nays 74.
. So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring on the passage of the
bill, was taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was passed.
The bill to provide for the final settlement of the
accounts of John Crowell, late agent for the Creek
Indians, coming up,
M.. ADAMS, of Mississippi, called for the yeas
and nays on its passage. Refused.
The question being taken, no quorum voted.
A motion to adjourn was made and rejected.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved a call of the House.
Refused—no quorum voting.
The motion to adjourn was renewed and agreed
to.
So the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented tmder the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. HAMLIN: The petition of TIerin Tan Meter for
a pension for services in the Indian wars, and last war with
Great Britain.
By Mr. I LVRT'Elt: The petition of Elizabeth Olnpper,
widow of George Clapper, a soldier of the revolutionary
armv, piaying for the benefit of the act of Conaress of June
17, 1844.
By Mr. GP.INXELL: The petition of P. H. Folger and
others, of Xantucket, asking for the erection of a building at
that place toi a eustom-huuse and post office, those offices,
mth rill the public documents,having been destroyed in the
hue tire.
l'y Mr. 13. W. 1 IT:BAUD: The petition of Mr, Henry
Carnnstori, executor of Mrs. p. i.e Grand, deceased, forar-
I rears of pensions: referred to the Committee on Revolution-
| ary Pensions.
I "By Mr. GARVIN: The petition of Ada Smith, widow of
j Joseph Smith, a soldier of the Revolution : referred to .the
, Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. Also, the petition
I of Nathan Rowley, a soldier of the late war: referred to the
' Committee on Invalid Pensions.
