THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1145
■ TEAS—JKessrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Cameron, Cil-
ley, JohYiM. Clayton, Thomas Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden,
Davis, Dayton, Evans*,-Greene, Huntington, Jamagin, John-
son of Louisiana, Johnson 'of Maryland, Mangum, Miller,
. Morehead, Sites,- Pearce, Phelps, Simmons, Sturgeon, Op-
ham, Webster,,and -Woodbridge—28.
NAYS-4-M«ssre. Atfen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
•' by, Bon ton, Breese, Bright, Calhoun; Cass, Chalmers, Col-
' qaitt, Dickinson,.Bix, Fairfield, Hannegan, Houston, Lew-
is, McDuffie, Pennybacker, Rusk, Semple, Sevier, Speight,
Turney, Westeott, and Yulee—27.
So the first portion of the resolution was agreed
' to. The question on the latter part of the resolu-
■ tion was then put and carried by precisely the
same vote.
And then, on motion of Mr. BREESE,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, My 27, 1846.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved
THE WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
The SPEAKER announced the special order of
the day to be the bill in relation to the warehousing
system.
Mr. GILES moved that the consideration thereof
be postponed until Wednesday next. „
Mr. COBB was understood to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, [Mr.
McClelland,] whether he was willing now to
carry out the intimation given the other day—that
the bill should" be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and made the
special order (say) for Wednesday next.
Mr. McCLELLAND said he would now make
that motion.
Mr. WINTHROP presumed (he said) that the
motion submitted by the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. McClelland,] embraced the proposition to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. .
The SPEAKER said the motion would be so
put to the.House.
And the question having been taken, and decided
in the affirmative, „ . „ ,
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and made the
special order of the day for Wednesday next.
THT5 FORTIFICATION BILL.
"Mr. GILES offered a resolution providing that
all debate in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, on the bill making appropriations for
certain defensive works, should terminate this day
at one o'clock.
" Mr. S. ADAMS moved an amendment, substi-
tuting twelve o'clock for one.
■ The amendment was agreed to.
- And the'resolution, thus amended, was adopted.
"Mr. G. DAVIS asked leave to offer the follow -
in" resolution; which was read for information:
"Resolved, That the President be requested to
communicate to this House any orders, mstruc-
tions, or communication, frotn the War JJepait-
ment to Jonathan D. Stevenson, instructing or
authorizing him to raise a regiment or any num-
ber of men, to be attached to the army of the Uni-
ted States; and that the President be further re-
ouested to inform the House to what country and
service he intends to order the men or force so
raised, or to be raised, whether they are to be sol-
diers or colonists, or both, and, if colonists, in
what country it is the purpose of the President to
plant the colony.
Mr. HOGE objected. - .
Mr McKAY suggested that the information
called for had already been communicated to the
Senate. . „ ,, ,.„w,
Mr DAVIS moved a suspension of the tules,
and asked the yeas and nays thereon; which were
ordered, and, being taken, resulted as follows.
VISAS Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Aslmiun, Barringer, Hell,
BW. Campbelij
John 6. Chapman, Cocke, Cram*M,^ !
navfe Dixon Dockeiy, John H. Jawing, JJOnt, i*uiuy, wji
der, Hampton, Harper, Hilltad, Isaacrf'™ •-
ggsgSSSSfei
Collin, Daniel, Dar-
gan, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dromgoole, Ounlap, Ells-
worth, Erdman, Ficklin, Fries, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon,
Grover, Hamlm, Haralson, Hoge, George S. Houston,
Hungcrford, James B, Hunt, Hunter, James H. Johnson,
Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Sea-
born Jones, "Kanfman, Lawrence, Leake, Leili, La Sere,
McClean. McClelland, MeCleraand, MeConnell, Joseph J.
McDowell, McKay, Barkley Martin, Morris, Morse, Par-
rish, Payne, Perrill, Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Pillsbury, Eath-
bun, Reid, Kelfe, Ritter, Sawtelle, Scammon, Sedilon,
Alexander !). Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas
Smith, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thunaan,
Tibbatts, Towns, Tredway, Wentworth, Wick, Williams,
and Woodward—80.
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lution was -not received.
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON asked leave to in-
troduce the following resolution; which was read
for information:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be, and they arc hereby, instructed
to take into immediate consideration the propriety,
if not the absolute necessity, of at once requiring
the Postmaster General to reestablish or continue
the line of four-horse post-coaches from Blounts-
ville to Knoxville, in the State ofTennessee, which
has, from some forty years' standing, been reduced
by the department in the recent letting of contracts
to a one-horse mail; and that the said committee
do further inquire into the expediency of continu-
ing the line of four-horse coaches for conveying the
United States mail from Knoxville to the city of
Nashville, the seat of government of the State of
Tennessee; and that, said committee report the
result of their inquiries to this House before the
adjournment of the present session of Congress.
'Objection having been made,
Mi'. J. moved a suspension of the rules.
And the question being,taken, and two-thirds
not voting in the affirmative, the rules were not
suspended, and the resolution was not received.
On motion of Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS, and
by general consent, the House took up the bill on ,
the Speaker's table, (heretofore informally laid
aside,) entitled " A bill to provide for the adjust-
ment of all suspended preemption land claims in
a vpr«l States and Territories."
the several States and Territories.
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
DEFRNSIVE WORKS.
On motion of Mr. HOGE, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Brodhbad, of Pennsylvania, in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for certain defensive
works of the United States for the fiscal yeai end-
ing the, 30th dav of June,
Mr. TIBBATTS modified the substitute hereto-
fore offered by him, so as to read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and ill-
sert:
"That of the sums of money appropriated by the act en-
titled k An act making uppiopimuons for euitum fortifica-
tions of the United States for the year ending on the 30ih
June, 18-17,' approved Mrv 15,1810, (except the sum appro-
priated for lite armament of iou ficatio  ,) exceeding $t25~
OOOi one-half fchail he expended during Hie present fiscal
year, and the other half during the focal year ending 30th
June, 1819." \
Mr. ASHMUN was entitled to the floor, and I
addressed the committee at length, lie stated his
intention to vote for all the appropriations con-
tained in the bill, and was willing at all times, but
especially at this particular conjunction in our
affairs, to vote the largest appropriations for the
defence of the country.
He then passed into an examination of the causes
and objects of the Mexican war, and into a vindi-
cation of his own course in relation to it. The
causes, he contended, were to be found in the un-
necessary acts of the Executive in sending troops
to that region of country which had become tne
theatre of the war, in the movement of the army
from Corpus Christi to the banks of the Eio
Grande; an order which was given without the
sanction of Congress, and without the existence of
any necessity which could justify it.
The objects of the war, as developed by recent
circumstances, especially by the correspondence
between the War Department and Colonel Jona-
than D. Stevenson (whom Mr. A. designated as a
political, not a military adventurer,) lie contended
were conquest and colonization. Mr. A. argued
these positions at length, citing, in support thereof,
portions of the correspondence heretofore publish-
ed, the editorial articles from the Union, &c.
Mr, A. presented a statement of appropriations
made since the meeting of Congress, which (in-
cluding the amount of ordinary appropriations)
presented an aggregate of fifty-one million three
hundred and forty-five thousand five hundred and
twenty-five dollars. This statement had been care-
fully prepared and examined, so as to obviate any
errors in the results.
Mr. McKAY briefly stated the grounds of his
opposition to this bill. The sum of $1,145,000
had already been appropriated by Congress during
the present session for the continuation of fortifi-
cations now in progress. This was a much larger
sum than was usually appropriated, the amount
last year being only #800,000, and the year before
§500,000. This large amount of appropriations,
it was well known, was made at this session on
account of the existing state of our foreign rela-
tions; there being, at that time, well-grounded ap-
prehensions of a war with Great Britain. Instead
of appropriating,more money, he was prepared to
direct, in lieu of it, a suspension of the expendi-
ture of a part of the #1,145,000 already autho-
rized.
In advancing another reason why he went
against this bill, he referred to the report of the
board of distinguished military officers, appointed
in 1816, for the purpose of projecting a system of
national defences, of which General Bernard, a.
distinguished French officer, was at the head; and
which report, revised, was embodied in n report of
a board of officers of which Colonel Totten was
chief in which the defensive works of the coun-
try were classified according to their importance,
and most of the works provided for in this bill
were placed in the lowest class. _
Mr. GILES. Where is Baltimore m that clas-
sification? .
Mr. McKAY. I admit Baltimore is placed m
the first class.
lie admitted that this classification had been
broken over in the legislation ol Congress, but
always to the manifest detriment of the public
interests. Heopposcd, under these circumstances,
the commencing of new works involving largely
increased expenditures, in addition to the millions
of dollars required to complete works already com-
menced. ,, „ ,
Mr. HARALSON suggested to Mr. McK. that
there was not now a solitary fortification upon the
whole coast of Georgia.
Some conversation ensued between these two
gentlemen on that point, Mr.. McK. dissenting, as
was understood, from the statement of Mr. H.
With reference to the item for the purchase of
defensive works on Staten Island, he suggested
that the title had already been transferred to the
United States, and road from a law of New York
of 1807, bearing on this point.
Mr. SEAMAN interposed, and said that these
lands, or a portion of them, had been purchased
by New York since that time.
Mr. McKAY admitted there was some dispute
with reference to that matter, and said he was
willing to authorize the sale of Fort Gaosevoort,
which had now become useless, and the applica-
tion of the proceeds to the purchase of the defen-
sive works of New York on Staten Island.
Ill conclusion, lie stated that the appropriations
made at this session would be upwards of fifty
million of dollais, which were absolutely necessa-
ry to enable the Government to carry on the Mex-
ican war, and to meet the ordinary current expenses
of the Government. Would they, when they had
authorized the President to borrow money by the
issue of treasury notes, and when a tax on tea
and coffee was deemed f.o be necessary to meet
present appropriations and expenditures, were they
prepared to go on and authorize additional ex-
penditures of millions ? He trusted all the friends
of the Administration would take ground against
them, and he appealed also to his Whig friends to
stay the progress of this extravagance.
Mr. BURT thought it did not very well become
his friend who had just taken his seat, at the close
of the session, after the extraordinary agency he
had had in incurring expenditures, to be reading
to this committee a lecture about economy. He
heldthathonorable gentleman responsible for every
dollar of those appropriations for fortifications,
to which he had called the attention of the House
All these schemes by which money had been ex-
pended owed their paternity to him; and Mr. B.
charged him at his peril to see that we have the
