THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1149
a triember-of that body , during the period in which
they had: served _tege&er,-anq looking at the sin-
_ gular spectacle wKtelf%aspresented to the Ameri-
can people, of1 a , ruthless assault made upon a
Senator o.f the United States for fulfilling, according
to the convictions of his- own judgment, the duties
■which-his "situation imposed, he felt it to be his
duty "(arid'he took great pleasure in fulfilling that
fluty) to express KLs own belief that, whatever
might have been the correctness or incorrectness of
the judgment of the Senator in determining upon
the course which he had pursued, he had been
actuated by a sincere conviction as to what his
duty as an honest man and a patriot required of
him.
Mr. BAGBY rose and said:
Mr. President: I was not aware of what was
passing here before I entered the Chamber, nor do
I now understand precisely how the resignation of
a late Senator, the Hon. William H. Haywood,
from North Carolina, becomes the subject of re-
mark in this body, of which he is, by his own
voluntary act, no longer a member. But if the
object is to bear testimony to the dignity and cour-
tesy of his deportment, and the purity and eleva-
tion of his character, public and private, I cheer-
fully add the tribute of my approbation to all that has
been or can be said. I have made it a rule through
life, to endeavor to do-justice to all men in public
and private life. From this rule I cannot depart in
the case of the late Senator from North Carolina.
It is due *to him, then, to say, that in repeated con-
versations within the last two weeks, he has in
formed me that he was determined, unchangeably
not to vote for the bill now under consideration, to
regulate the duty on imports, unless it was amend-
ed so as to postpone its operation until after, ihe
4th of March next. He also stated his determi-
nation to resign sooner than vote for the bill. In
forming this determination, I saw the conflici
through which he passed in separating himself
from a great party to which I have no doubt of the
depth and sincerityof his attachment, and to which
he was an ornamont, and discharging his duty
upon a great measure according to the dictates of
his own conscience. In that conflict his conscience
triumphed. It is proper to state that I differed
totally from Mr. Haywood as to the propriety of
the course he was about to pursue, and so inform
ed him. But he acted upon his own responsibili-
ty to his God and his country. It is not my
province, nor is it my purpose, to vindicate Mr.
Haywood* from the imputations and aspersions
that have been cast upon his motives for volunta-
rily retiring from one of the most honorable posi-
tions in the world. His elevated patriotism, Jus
nure and spotless character, are a sufficient shield
and protection against sjl such assaults. lu pui--
Wag a course which, in his judgment, was point,
ed out by a solemn sense of uuty, 1 have no doubt
that Mr. Haywood was governed by motives
-worthy of a patriot, worthy of a man entertaining^
a high and scrupulous sense of honor, worthy ol
a Christian. _
Mr CRITTENDEN said he had never seen
Mr. Haywood, nor had any acquaintance with
him, until they became associated 111 that body;
and for a time, owing to trilling and slight cir-
cumstances, he had rather conceived an aversion
towards him.' Since then, however, although
their intercourse had been slight, the conduct of
that gentleman had dissipated every pre,udice
■which he had entertained against him. He had
given abundant evidence that the ends he aimed at
•were those of patriotism, honesty, and integrity.
In the discharge of his duties in the eommittee
over which he presided, he was scrupulous and
correct; so much so, that, unconciously and insen-
' sibly, he (Mr. C.) began to find himself (in
common, he believed, with the other members of
the eommittee) placing the most perfect reliance
upon any proposition emanating from him, in lull
confidence that the subject had been impartially
considered. As to any impeachment of integrity
- on account of his resignation, nothing, it seemed
to him, could be more preposterous, lie Uati
given the very highest evidences of integrity and
purity: no man could entertain a doubt as to lus
integrity. And, in common with gentlemen who
J dexpressed their sentiments m regard to this
matter, he united in the regret that an act, m itself
bo iigh, so self-sacrificing—-that gentlemen who
approved the act would not, perhaps, have done
** -the same; an act which showed a kgh degree of
lensibility; an act by which he had sacrificed one
of the proudest offices under our form of Govern-
ment,—should be thus misrepresented; that he
should be charged with desertion and loaded with
opprobrium. It was a gross outrage, committed
against a man of unblemished and unimpeachable
integrity.
Mr. ARCHER said it was to him a subject of
some surprise that any Senator should deem it
necessary to vindicate the character or the conduct
of the late Senator from North Carolina. If his
character for integrity and honesty of purpose had
been doubted before, this very act would have im-
pressed it with the seal of the most perfect integ-
rity and elevation. Like the honorable Senator
who preceded him, he had felt no predilection in
favor of the North Carolina Senator. On the con-
trary, a prejudice had been impressed upon his
mind which' had not been wholly removed until
two days ago. This act of resignation had afford-
ed the fullest and most conclusive testimony of his
probity and integrity. It was not on account of
his reputation that they ought to feel solicitude;
that was far beyond the reach of detraction; but
it was that a gentleman, standing deservedly high
in the estimation of every one, should be assailed
by such infamous attacks of a party press.^ It
was to this that the indignation of every patriotic
man should he directed. What had the gentle-
man done? Why, finding that his own liberal
and enlightened views were to be thwarted and
controlled by party domination, he resolved to
disengage himself from the influence of party, and
retire to the walks of private life; and for this he
whs assailed by gross vituperation and abuse. lie
repeated that 110 vindication was needed upon that
floor, and he (Mr. A.) should think that he owed
an apology to the Senate for offering tt word 011
the subject, had he not been preceded by other j
gentlemen. He believed a year would not pa.-;s j
away before all men of all parties would concur 1
in rendering to that gentleman the highest degree
of approbation.
The subject was here dropped.
TI1I3 TARIFF BILL.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was committed the bill to modify the
tariff, with instructions " to remove the new duties
'imposed by said bill in all eases where any for-
' cign raw material is taxed to the prejudice of any
' mechanic or manufacturer, so that no other or
1 higher duty shall be collected 011 any such raw
' material than is provided by the act of August
' 30, 1842; and further, so to regulate all the duties
'imposed by this bill as to raise a revenue suili-
' cient for the exigencies of the country," reported
buck the hill, and asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the above instructions.
Mr. EVANS then said: In the report made by
the chairman of the Committee of Pinancc I did
not concur. 1 believe 1 am authorized to say that
my honorable friend from Maryland [Mr. John-
son] did not concur in the report. And as in the
committee I (lid not hear any reason for taking this
course, I should be glad to hear it in the Senate.
I should bo very glad to know why it is that, after
the Senate yesterday, by a majority of votes, and
after Hill consideration and discussion, ordered
this bill to the committee for a certain purpose,
that committee have not complied with the order?
Why they have not made, the attempt to do so?
Did they make any sort of effort to do sor Have
they even unrolled the papers, to see whether it
was in their ability to" comply with the instruc-
tions of the Senate? Unless I hear some stronger
reason than that stated here this morning, I shall
vote against discharging the committee; and I hope
the committee will lie required to perform the duty
assigned to them.
Mr. LEWIS said: The instructions given to the
committee were so indefinite that it was impossi-
ble to comply with them. Even if we had had the
time necessary for their consideration, it would
have been impossible for us to determine with any
degree of certainty as to what, for instance, is the
" raw materials" spoken of in the instructions.
Mr. ARCHER. Did you try?
Mr. LEWIS proceeded. Perhaps nothing would
be more difficult to ascertain than whether such
and such articles constitute raw material. Iron,
hemp, and wool, are regarded as raw material. If
we reduce the duties on these articles, we set aside
the whole form of the bill.
A SENATOR, [on the Whig side:] Well, sup-
pose you did ?
-Mr. LEWIS. I think under these circumstances
the committee are quite justified in making, as they
do, a respectful report, asking to be discharged
from the consideration of the subject under the
resolution of the Senator from Delaware. That
gentleman himself avowed that he introduced the
resolution for the purpose of defeating the bill.
Now, if the bill is to be defeated, we call upon the
Senate to take the responsibility, and not to make
the committee, ex officio, bear it.
Mr. R. JOHNSON. The reason just offered
by the chairman of the Committee of Finance does
not appear to me atall satisfactory. Not speaking
for the majority of the members of the committee,
but for himself, the honorable gentleman asks to
be discharged, because compliance with the in-
structions would, he fears, defeat the bill; because
they were intended, and are calculated to defeat
the bill; because the whole form of the bill will be
changed. Now I should like to know—and I ask
it with perfect respect to the honorable gentleman
—what right have the committee to refuse to carry
into effect the instructions of the Senate ? What
right have they to decline acting upon those in-
structions, which the Senate thought proper to
give, because, in the opinion of the committee, car-
rying out those instructions is calculated to defeat,
the bill, by changing its whole character? That
I is a case already decided. The Senate yesterday,
1 after full discussion, decided that it was fit and
j proper that the bill should be so modified as to
' carry into effect the instructions contained in this
amendment. The Senate, therefore, have already
decided that if carrying into effect the instructions
have the effect of changing the whole character of
the bill, the whole character of the bill is to be
changed; and wo have nothing more to do than sin-
cerely and honestly, to the best of our ability, to
carry out the. instructions under which we are act-
ing. Well now, Mr. President, another reason
assigned by the honorable chairman is, that the in-
structions are indefinite in their nature, because it
is impossible for the committee to ascertain what is
a raw material, as that term is used in these instruc-
tions. Why, that is nn extraordinary reason com-
ing from the honorable chairman of the Committee
of Finance. The objection to the bill as avowed by
!lie Senator from Delaware, and others, is, that
the bill does not discriminate in favor of the
domestic industry of the country—which is bad
enough of itself—but it positively discriminates
against the domestic industry of the country by
taxing for the first time the raw material manufac-
tured by that domestic industry, and failing to tax
tlie like at tides made out of the like raw material
abroad. The commit tee is told to go through the
bill, and ascertain what raw material free under the
act of 1S42 is taxed iti this bill; and it asks them
t ill every case ill which the raw material is taxed
higher in this bill than in that of 1849, to reduce it
to the rate imposed in the latter act. Now, I ven-
ture to say, Mr. President, without having half the
experience of the chairman of the Committee of
Finance, that that can be done in two days as well
as in two years. Why cannot he make the at-
tempt? I ask, as my colleague has asked, has any
effort been made to carry out. that portion of the
instructions ? The Senate will readily see that no
ell'oithas been made. The instructions were given
to the committee at five o'clock yesterday after-
noon. The committee was convened atfiveo'clock
this morning, and I suppose pen was never put to
paper for the purpose of ascertaining whether the
instructions could or could not be complied with;
and now he asks to be discharged, because he will
not alter the bill. He will not undertake to com-
ply oven with that portion of the instructions which
requires the removal of the duties on the raw mate-
rial, which discriminates agains tthc mechanic and
manufacturer, bccause it is impossible to ascertain
what is "raw material; as if there was any diffi-
culty in ascertaining what raw material is used in
manufacturing the articles sold here by our own
manufacturers 1 If my friend, the honorable chair-
man, does not himseif posses such information as
would enable him to decide what is raw material,
let him go down to the department, and see what
is allowed to come in free there, under the act of
1842, because it is law material; and if he ascer-
tain that, I suppose he can have no difficulty in
complying with that portion of his instructions.
Well, that is not all. After he has done that, he
