1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
most for them—a law unquestionably favorable to
nineteen-twentieths of the people of the United
States, including a majority, a vast majority, of
the whole Union—the entire valley o'f the Missis-
sippi, the west, the southwest, the south, and the
middle States. I say if would be unjust that a
law of this character should be represented as
hostile to the interests and wishes of the great
masses of the people. Why, sir, I believe
that in New York and Pennsylvania there are ten
honest farmers who suffer by this enormous tax,
for every single laborer in the coal mines or iron
manufacturer who is benefited by it. And yet we
are told that it is a law against the labor of the
country! Why, Mr. President, 1 ask, what be-
comes of the farmer? What becomes of the ten
millions of farmers, and their sons and daughters,
who labor? What becomes of them^in compari-
son with some three hundred thousand laborers,
possibly,in the manufactories of the United States?
Here is an aristocracy of laborers, three hundred
thousand constituting the whole labor of the coun-
try, and making all the rest tributary to them!
And because we, in mere justice, restore to the
great masses, who have no means of acting in con-
cert, those rights of which they have been deprived
by the concerted operation of manufacturers, we
are to be denounced as attempting to pass an aris-
tocratic bill, which strikes at the labor of the
country! I repel and repudiate such an idea.
This idea annihilates the agricultural labor of this
country. It intimates that there is no labor but
that which comes under this protective system.
Why, sir, one of the best informed men I have
met with recently, returned from Illinois not long
since, and he told me that he saw the daugh-
ter of a farmer there, who was able to raise
any quantity of wheat, clothed in a frock of un-
bleached cotton, such as you would buy at four
cents a yard. Now, sir, under the great measure
of Sir Robert Peel, which will constitute an era,
not only in the history of his life, but in the his-
tory of the civilized world—and, looking to its
future consequence, the greatest of all the meas-
ures of modern times—under that measure of the
repeal of the corn laws, and the universal reduc-
tion of duties on human food, I will venture to
say that the time is not very far distant, when,
under the steady operation of that law, at least
fifteen millions of agricultural products of the val-
ley of the Mississippi will be exported to England,
the farmer receiving in exchange manufactures at
about half the price he is now compelled to pay
for them.
But, Mr. President, I did not intend to make a
speech, and I will not do so. As, however, the
Boston resolutions, to which I referred, have been
handed to me since I alluded to them, I will ask
the Clerk to read them. [The Clerk read the reso-
lutions.]
I want to say one word (Mr. McD. added) on
this subject of the revenue. I had very strong
views on that subject, but my desire to see the vote
taken led me to refrain from presenting them to the
Senate, and so prolonging the discussion. I will
take the article of wool, am] present a view which
seems to be entirely overlooked. He then went
on to show, that of woollens and cottons the in-
crease of importation would be very great under
the new law, and the revenue be correspondingly
augmented. The amount of increase from the de-
struction of the minimums it was impossible to cal-
culate. He had at his room an article of shirting
made in Manchester, which sold for seven cents.
It is fit for the wear of any gentleman, and was as
good as that sold at Lowell for fourteen cents.
Mr. DAVIS remarked, that about two years ago
the manufacturers of Manchester went before the
Souse of Commons, and petitioned Parliament to
take off the duty on the raw material, as they were
undersold by the manufacturers of the United States
in those very articles.
Mr. McDUFFIE. I know that in several coarse
articles we in South Carolina can beat Boston. On
my way here, I passed by the factory of a friend of
mine, who told me that for the last eight months
he had realized forty per cent, on his capital, beat-
ing at the same time England, Boston, Lowell, and
all the world.
Mr. WEBSTER then rose and said: The reso-
lution read cannot be the one referred to by the
Senator. I remember that meeting in Faneuil Hall.
I dare say that may be the regular account of the
proceedings. If it be, it cannot be the full account,
because there was another resolution passed at the
same time, to which my attention has been fre-
quently since called in the Senate, and which has
not been read in'that series of resolutions. How-
ever, I attended a meeting. Whether I drew the
resolutions, or assented to them, I do not know.
Whether I made a specch on the occasion I cannot
tell. But I yield it all to the honorable member.
Consider me as having drawn every word of these
resolutions, and as having urged their adoption
upon the people assembled. Suppose that to be,
anyway. The first thing I have got to say now
is, that the honorable member from South Caro-
lina Will admit that such is the infirmity of our
nature, that an honest man may change his opinion,
and he may change it in two or three, as well as in
twenty years. I think the most powerful argument
ever addressed to the people of the United States
against the annexation of Texas was from the Gov-
ernor of South Carolina; and I think the greatest
speech in favor of it was made by the Senator from
South Carolina—ithin jiersonem!
Mr. McDUFFIE. Texas was then an inde-
pendent State, and so recognised.
Mr. WEBSTER' Yes, and I quote it for the
purpose of showing that an honest man may change
his opinion. Well, sir, I believe the honorable
member from South Carolina was, at the time 1
hail the honor of being associated with him in the
House of Representatives, a most poweiful advo-
cate of internal improvements, and raised his voice
in favor of that principle.
Mr. McDUFFIE. Not in favor of the exercise-
power.
Mr. WEBSTER. Was the power, then, to be
barren?
Mr. McDUFFIE. Only to make surveys.
Mr. WEBSTER. Why, that was the first step.
He that can make a survey for improvements, can
make improvements. I believe the honorable gen-
tleman, also, at one time entertained a very favor-
able opinion of the Bank of the United States, and,
at another time, quite the contrary. Well, then,
I stand before the Senate as a man who has found
occasion to change his opinions.
Mr. McDUFFIE. I made no unkind imputa-
tion.
Mr. WEBSTER. Certainly not. A word, sir,
about these resolutions of 1821. I remember the
state of things very well. The commercial people
of New England in 1821 were in a considerable
state of alarm. They had commerce all over the
world. They thought that a policy had been begun
at Washington which would interfere with their
commerce, and it was of that that they were afraid.
How was this great evil, of which they had become
afraid, fastened upon them? By the minimums
put upon them by South Carolina, to cut off the
New England India trade—that's all. The mini-
mum principle, so odious now, was moved in
Congress by a most respectable and distinguished
member from South Carolina, not now living. It
was carried by South Carolina against every vote
of Massachusetts. I do not think there was a vote
of Massachusetts, not one, in favor of the meas-
ure. Well, then, it is not bccausc the minimum
principle is bad in itself. Why, sir, minimum is
now spoken of here as if it were a Pawnee Indian,
or one of the Cumanches, that eats up and destroys
everybody and everything.
Mr. McDUFFIE. So it does!
Mr. WEBSTER. Well, bad as it is, it was
introduced by South Carolina against every vote
of Massachusetts. We all now see that the Sen-
ator from South Carolina is against it. Well, then,
in 1820, or thereabouts, an eminent member of
Congress from Pennsylvania intioduced a high pro-
tective tariff, bearing, among ccrtam other things,
especially upon iron. I refer to Mr. Baldwin,
afterwards judge of the Supreme Court. That
tariff went to protect everything out of New Eng-
land. Well, here was New England between the
upper and nether mill-stone—between the South
Carolina tariff, with its minimums on cottons,
which cut off the India trade, and the Pennsylva-
nia tariff. I wish the gentleman had dwelt a little
more, in his address to the Chair, on the effect of
this bill upon the iron and coal of Pennsylvania.
But now, sir, I agree that whether it be owing to
change of opinion, wrought by circumstances, by
a change in the condition of things in the country,
or otherwise, I am of opinion, that in the present
state of things which has existed since 1824, there
is no going back from that principle of protection
which was established in 1824. The law of 1824
did not pass with the consent of Massachusetts.
It received but one vote, I think, in the entire dele-
gation from Massachusetts in both Houses of Con-
gress. As I said the other day, New England had
been addicted to commerce. But she supposed the
time had come when she must conform herself to
the law of the country, and invest her capital—for
her labor was her.capital—and direct her industry
to such" pursuits as the country had promised to
protect and uphold. Now, sir, if there be anything
inconsistent in that, I admit the inconsistency—
take it in the broadest sense, and I agree to every
word of the resolution of Faneuil Hall of 1821. In
the present state of things, there is an essential im-
portance—an absolute moral necessity for main-
taining those habits, pursuits, business, and em-
ployments into which men entered twenty-two
years ago, upon the faith of the declared sentiments
and policy of a majority of both Houses of Con-
gress. Now, sir, m regard to the assessment of
taxes, in the great measure proposed by this bill, I
confine myself to the substance of the instructions
given to the committee yesterday, and from which
it is now proposed to relieve them—that is, raw
material. The honorable member says that in most
cases this imposition is small—only five per cent.
Well, what is that? Why, five per cent, is enough
to put an end to a great many of the employments
of the United States. If they had not competition
from abroad, it would be a different thing. But
when you tax the raw material and admit the man-
ufactured article free, or at a lower rate of duty,
if anybody will go into the manufacture under
these circumstances, it will very soon be found
that the tax on the raw material of five per cent.,
which the honorable member from South Carolina
considers a small matter—a very small matter—is
enough to decide the competition between the
American and English manufacturer. England
lets in the commodity free. She is full of skill and
capital. Money can be got at a much lower rate
of interest than here, and labor at less than half
price. How, then, can you expect the American
manufacturer to be able to compete with England,
when, with all these disadvantages against him,
you tax his raw material and admit the commodi-
ties of his rival at a low rate of duty ? How is he
to contend, not only against cheaper capital and
cheaper labor, but also against a tax on his raw
material? He cannot do it. Now the gentleman
says—and he has a right to the -opinion—he says
that the laboting classes will be benefited by the
cheaper price of such cotton as he uses. He stated
the other day, that he thought there would he an
importation of ten millions of that sort of cotton.
If that should happen, there would be a very sin-
gular sight exhibited upon the ocean. For, the
statistical tables show that in the course of last
year, the United States exported, carried out of
the country, and sold, four and a half millions of
the same sort of cotton.
Mr. McDUFFIE. The coarse article ?
Mr. WEBSTER. Essentially the same. The
article costing seven cents a yard in Boston. Now,
if an article costing six or seven cents in Boston,
like the article expected to be imported, is export-
ed in such quantities, is there any reasonable foun-
dation for the opinion that ten millions of the same
goods would be imported? This is a matter of
opinion. I will not say that the expectation is
groundless, because I will always treat the honor-
able member's opinions with the highest degree
of respect. But it appears to me perfectly plain
that all descriptions of surticles alluded to by the
honorable member, since tney are exported in such
quantities, cannot he expected to be imported to
such an extent as he seems inclined to anticipate.
Sir, the honorable member has expressed the opin-
ion, that the farmers—by which I suppose he
means the persons employed in the agriculture of
the north—we usually distinguish between farmers
and planters—will be greatly benefited by the bill.
He supposes that they are now taxed for the ben-
efit of their neighbors, the mechanics and manu-
facturers. Now, sir, the question being asked,
and the answer will be decisive—were prices ever
lower ? Were they ever lower to the farmers than
they are now? Is it a well-founded opinion that
manufactured articles could be produced, and
brought here from England, below the present
rates in this country ? The Senator stated a rery
strong case apparently—the ease of the daughter
of an Illinois farmer, who was clad in cotton cloth
