1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1155
not worth over four or five cents a yard—and why ?
And why, sir? That only advances the discussion
one stage. The evident answer to that question is,
because there was 110 market of consumption for
the grain on her father's farm. That is the proxi-
mate cause. Flour is now two dollars a barrel in
Missouri; and under the repeal of the corn laws
we have reason to believe that good flour at St.
Louis will, as a correspondent in that part of the
-world writes me, not be above a dollar and a half
a barrel. Well, if the gentleman is right in sup-
posing that these agricultural products will rise up
to a great price in consequence of any recently
occurring event, he may hold very well to the
other opinion, that the introduction of English
commodities at such a rate as will bring them in
here iu great quantities should be adopted. I can
only say in respect to that, that in my judgment it
is a great fallacy. I do' not doubt that the repeal
of the corn laws may have a bencficial effect in
extending liberal sentiments and a liberal spirit
amongst nations. But that it is to relieve the Amer-
ican market of the surplus grain, I do not believe.
The people of England will not consume more
bread. England is annually increasing her agri-
cultural products. Agriculture is improving. The
English landlords are improving their stock with a
profusion of expenditure almost incredible in this
country. Last year one of these proprietors ex-
pended a hundred thousand dollars in draining his
estate in order to increase the product of wheat.
If you look, sir, to Pennsylvania, to New York,
to Maryland, as well as the Nov/ England States,
you will find that the farmer looks for remuner-
ating profit in the sale of his products among the
mechanics and manufacturers of the towns and
villages. Look to the statistics, and you will see
how much of agriculture goes with every product
of manufacture in the United States. Of that Eng-
land herself is an example. An honorable mem-
ber from Pennsylvania of the other House has
gone into that with perfect accuracy and precision,
so that I need not dwell on it. I will not extend
these remarks. But with regard to my proposi-
tion, you must submit to a great loss of revenue
on the luxuries I have mentioned, at the same
time that you reduce the wages of labor by taxing
the raw material. " Now look on this picture,
and on that," and let the country decide.
Mr. SIMMONS then proceeded also to reply
to the Senator from South Carolina; and when he
concluded; the cries of" Cluestion," " duestion,"
were general from both sides of the Chamber.
The PRESIDENT. Is the Senate ready for
the question.
Mr. ARCHER_then rose and said: I wish to
state two facts—not to the Senate, but to the
country, where the Statement may have effect.
Piist, "The question now before us has not been
made by the Senate, but has been put upon it by
the committee. Secondly, The bill is put upon
its passage after declarations have been made from
all parts of the Chamber that it is entirely defec-
tive and radically bad.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to discharge the committee from the further con-
sideration of the bill, with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley. Atchison, Atherton,Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Bright, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers,
Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hannegan, Houston,
Jarnagin. Lewi-;, Mc')i\Inc. Pennybacker, Rusk, Semple,
Sevier, Speight. Tuniey, Westcott, and Ynlee—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer. Barron", Berrien, Cameron,
Cilley, John SI. Clajton. Thomas Clayton, Corn-in, Crit-
tenden, Davis, Dayton. Evans, GreCne, Huntington, John-
son of Mary land, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum, Miller,
Morehead, Niles, Pearce, Phelps, Siminon , Sturgeon,
Up!turn, Webster, and Woodhridge—27.
So the motion was adopted, and the committee
discharged.
The bill, therefore, being again before the Sen-
ate as in committee of the whole—
Mr. WEBSTER renewed his motion to strike
out the latter clause of the 9th section of the bill,
or the entire section.
Several voices: " The whole," " The whole."
Mr. WEBSTER modified his amendment so as
to strike out the whole of the 9th section; which
is in the following words:
Sec. 9. And beit further enacted, That if, upon the exam-
ination of any parcel, package, or quantity of goods, of
which entry baa been made, the appraisers of the united
States shall be of the opinion that the same are undervalued
1>v the owner, importer, consignee, or agent, with the inten-
tion of defrauding the revenue of the United States, it shall
I,o lawful for the collector within whose district the same
may he entered, the sanction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury first being obtained, if, in his opinion, the same shall be
advisable, to take such goods forthe use of theUnited States.
And such collector shall cause such goods to be sold at pub-
lic auction within twenty days from the time of taking the
same, in the manner prescribed by law for the sale of un-
claimed goods; and the proceeds of such sale shall be placed
forthwith into the treasury of the United States; and such
collector is hereby authorized to pay out of the acciuing
revenue, to the owner, importer, consignee, or agent of the
goods so taken, the value thereof as dcelared in the entry,
and five per centum upon such amount in addition thereto;
and the said collector shall render to the Secretary of the
Treasury with his accounts of the customs, a statement
showing the amount of moneys so paid, the amount of duties
chargeable on the goods so taken, and the amount of pro-
ceeds paid into the treasury; and this section shall be in
force until the first July, eighteen hundred and forty-eight,
unless otherwise directed by Congress."
The yeas and nays being demanded on the adop-
tion of the amendment, they were ordered; and,
being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Banow, Benton, Berrien, Cam-
eron, Cilley, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwin,
Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Evans, Greene, Huntington,
Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Man«um,
Miller, Morehead, Niles, Pearce, Phelps, Simmons, Stur-
geon, Upham, Webster, and Woodhridge—28.
NAYS—Mes&rs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton,
Bagbv, Breese, Bright, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Colquitt,
Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hannegan, Houston, Lewis,
McDufiie, Pennybacker, llusk, Semple, Sevier, Speight,
Turney, Westcott, and Yulee—26.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Maryland, moved that the
bill under consideration be committed to a select
committee, with the following instructions:
S "To remove the new duties imposed hy said hill in all
ea=es where" any foreign raw material is taxed to the preju-
I dice of any mechanic or manufacturer, so that no other or
! higher duty shall be collected on any such raw material than
j is provided by the act of August 30,18-12.
I Mr. LEWIS raised a point of order. The mo-
j tion of the Senator from Maryland was to refer,
| with the same instructions from which a committee
had just been discharged.
Mr. JOHNSON explained. His motion was
for another committee, and proposed a part only
of the instructions.
Mr. LEWIS withdrew his objection, and moved
a call of the House, [several Senators being out of
their seats.]
Cries of" Order, Order,"and "Thereis no such
rule in the Senate," were heard.
Mr. HANNEGAN. I move a call of the Sen-
ate.
Cries of "There is no rule providing for it."
Mr. HANNEGAN. It is suggested to me by
my friend from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun]
that such a course would be in order.
Mr. CALHOUN said that a call of the Senate
had been ordered in several cases in years gone by.
The motion for the call, however* was not press-
ed, and, the vacant seats being again filled, it was
passed over informally.
The question recurring upon the motion by Mr.
JOHNSON, of Maryland, to commit the bill with
instructions, the yeas and nays were demanded,
and ordered; and, being taken, resulted—yeas 27,
nays 27—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Cameron, Cil-
lev, John M. Clayton, Thomas Clayton, Corwin, Critten-
den, Davis, Dayton, Evans, Greene, Huntington, Johnson
of Louisiana, Johnson of Maryland, Mangum, Miller, More-
head, Niles, Pearce, Phelps, Simmons, Sturgeon, Upham,
Webster, and Woodhridge—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Bright, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Col-
quitt, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hannegan, Houston, Lewis,
McDufiie. Pennybacker, Rusk, Semple, Sevier, Speight,
Turney, Westcott, and Yulee—27.
So there was a tie.
The PRESIDENT said that he was taken by
surprise in consequence of the course pursued by
the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Jarnagin,] who
did not vote; but as he was called upon to give the
casting vote, he would vote in the negative.
So the motion was rejected.
"No further amendments being submitted to the
bill, it was reported to the Senate, with the amend-
ment which had been adopted.
The question being on concurring in the amend-
ment, striking out the 9th section—
Mr. WESTCOTT spoke in opposition to said
amendment. .
Mr. WEBSTER desired to say a word only m
relation to the amendment. Mr. W. then submit-
ted a few brief remarks in support of the amend-
ment; aiming to show that it was all-important,
and that the section stricken out could be of no
possible use, but, on the contrary, would be pro-
ductive of a great deal of fraud upon the treasury.
The question was then taken on a concurrence,
and decided in the affirmative, viva voce.
The question recurring upon engrossing the
amendment, and ordering the bill to a thid read 
inS>
Mr, MANGUM called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said: Mr. President: We
can now ascertain, by what has already transpired,
what is to be the fate of this bill. It is to pass. It
is to pass by the vote of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, acting under instructions—the instructions
of the Legislature of the State which ho represents
upon this floor. That Senator is himself a Whig,
and his personal views and feelings are entirely
opposed to this measure. The tariff act of 1842
was passed by one vote. If this bill pass—if the
Senator votes against his personal convictions, and
in favor of a bill which he thinks destructive to
the best interests of the country—it will pass by a
single vote. The honorable Senator votes under
the instructions of the Legislature of his State.
That is a Democratic Legislature by a very small
majority—I might almost say an accidental ma-
jority; for, in the Presidential election, which oc-
curred but a short time previous to that in which
the present Legislature of Tennessee was chosen,
and during which canvass the people of the
entire State were brought out in full force, thus
giving opportunity for a fair test of the views of
the people of that State, it is very certain that
her vote was given for Henry Clay, and the name
of Henry Clay is well known to be synonymous
with protection. These instructions unfler which
my friend acts, were made in and for a time of
peace, not a time of war. I wish the responsibility
of this measure to fall m the right place. 1 do not
wish a single Whig vote to be given to its support.
I know that gentlemen will have no objection to
this. This measure is destructive and ruinous in
all its features—raw material and all'—and it should
not pass. I believe that the majority of the State
so frequently alluded to, are in favor of the prin-
ciple of protection, and I am sorry that the honor-
able Senator feels himself bound to vote for the bill
in the ordeal through which it is finally to pass.
Mr. CAMERON moved the following amend-
ment to the bill:
" Strike out the first five sections of the bill, and insert—
That fiom and aftei the first day of December next, there
shall be a reduction of 25 jier cent, of the duties, whether
specific or ad valorem, now imposed by law on articles of
impoited merchandise, whereon duties exceeding 30 per
cent, ad valorem are now charged, excepting brandy and
other spirits distilled from grain or other materials, and
wines: Provided, nevertheless, That duties on articles now
charged with more than SO per' cent, shall not bo reduced
below mo per cent.
" Stuko out the 7th and 8th sections."
Mr. CRITTENDEN expressed his regret that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania had thought pro-
per to introduce any further amendments to the
bill. For one, he would not vote for any further
amendments, although he might not vote against
them.
Mr. CAMERON replied, that as this bill was
about to be forced upon them, he felt it his duty to
use all honorable efforts to get it into some shape,
which would better protect the great interests of
his country.
The question was then taken viva voce, and the
amendment rejected.
Mr. C. then submitted the following amend-
ment—viz: in the 8th line, 1st section, insert after
the word " duty:"
" Provided, That this act shall only be so construed in
regard to the duties on coal and iron, and all the kinds and
manufactures of Iron, as to reduce the duties thereon to a
sum not exceeding twenty-five per cent, below the duties
imposed tliereon by the act of 12th August, 1842."
The question being taken, the amendment was
rejected.
Calls of" Cluestion on the engrossment."
The yeas and nays were then called upon order-
ing the amendment to be engrossed and the bill to
a third reading, and resulted yeas 27, nays 27, as
follows, viz :
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
bv, Benton, Breese, Bright, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Col-
quitt. Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hannegan, Houston, Lewis,
MeDufiift, Pennybacker, Rusk, Semple, Sevier, Speight,
Turney, Westcott, ami Yulee—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Cameron, Cil-
ley Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Convin, Crittenden,
Davis, Dayton, Evans, Greene, Huntington, Johnson of
Louisiana, Johnson of Maryland, Mangum, Miller, More-
head, Niles, Peaice, Dielps, Simmons, Sturgeon, Upham,
Webster, and Woodhridge—27,
