1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
So there wag a tie vote.
The PRESIDENT rose and said:
The Senate being equally divided on this impor-
tant question, I may be indulged in briefly stating
the principal reasons for the vote I am required by
the Constitution to give.
Excluded from any participation in forming or
modifying the bill, I am bound to sanction or con-
demn it exactly in the shape in which it stands.
The responsibility is deeply felt. It belongs, how-
ever, to the office assigned to me by my fellow-
citizens, and will be assumed with frankness, and,
I hope, not unbecoming firmness. The conse-
quences of my decision, either way, may seriously
affect the country. No one can entertain, as to
that, a profounder solicitude. But, after summon-
ing to my aid the best purposes and best lights that
I can command, the consequences, be they what
they may, must be hazarded.
The system for obtaining the revenue necessary
to support their Government is established, directly
or indirectly, by the people of the United States,
within the limits, and agreeably to the prescribed
forms of the Constitution. Whatever is ascertain-
ed to be their will on the subject, all should un-
doubtedly acquiesce in. That there are known
and approved modes by which their will is ex-
pressed, cannot be questioned; and the public offi-
cer who reads that will with candor and integrity,
may feel assured that he conforms to the institu-
tions of liis country when he makes it the guide of
his conduct. To my mind ample proof has been
furnished that a majority of the people and of the
States desire to change, to a great extent, in prin-
ciple, if not fundamentally, the system heretofore
pursued in assessing the duties on foreign imports.
That majority has manifested itself in various
ways, and is attested by its representatives in the
other House of Congress, by whom this bill has
been approved, and whose votes undeniably indi-
cate the popular sense in the large proportion of
eighteen out of the twenty-eight States. In this
Senate an analysis of the vote before me discloses
that while six States (Ohio, Virginia, New-Hamp-
shire, Georgia, Michigan, and Maine) arc equally
divided, eleven (Louisiana, Pennsylvania, Dela-
ware, Kentucky, Massachusetts, New Jersey,
Rhode Island, Connecticut, Maryland, North Car-
olina, and Vermont) are against, and eleven (Ar-
kansas, Missouri, Alabama, Illinois, Indiana,
South Carolina, Mississippi, New York, Texas,
Tennessee, and Florida) are for the change. Pe-
culiarly situated as I am in my relation to the
national legislature, these impressive facts cannot
be overlooked. In a case free from constitutional
objection, I could not justifiably counteract, by a
sort of official veto, the general will.
The struggle to exert without abatement the
constitutional power of taxation, in such a man-
ner as to protect, by high duties on imports, many
of the productions of our own soil and labor from
the competition of other countries, has endured
for more than thirty years. During that period,
a system of high taxation has prevailed, with
fluctuations of success and failure. It is as vigor-
ously and as exactingly insisted upon now as
ever; and, indeed, it would seem, in some instances,
as if the longer the advantage of a particular tax
was enjoyed, the stronger became the desire for
its continuance, and even its augmentation. And
yet it ought to be remembered that this exercise of
the taxing power, by which the great mass of
consumers are made to swell the profits of a few
branches of industry, was originally intended to
be temporary, to be continued "only "so long as its
continuance was necessary to the industrial inde-
pendence and safety of the whole people. Such
was the language, the inculcation, the spirit, in
which it was proposed and justified by its earliest
and wisest friends. The design was to foster
feeble "in/mi" manufactures, especially such as
"were essential to the defence of the country in
time of war. In this design, the people have per-
severed until, with*some, but not wei'ghty, excep-
tions, these saplings have taken deep root, have
become vigorous, expanded, and powerful, and
are prepared to share the common lot of human
pursuits, and to enter with confidence the field of
free, fair, and universal competition.
The arrival of this period of time, long promised,
has been anxiously looked for by a large and just-
ly-respected portion of our fellow-citizens, who
deemed themselves peculiar and almost exclusive
sufferers by the policy of protection. They have
sometimes, perhaps imprudently, endeavored to
anticipate it. Their numbers, at first entitled to
influence only from their patriotism and intelli-
gence, have gone on, gradually increasing as the
system ripened to its fruit, and they now consti-
tute what I am bound by registered facts to regard
as a decided majority df the people and of the
Union.
It is undoubtedly true that this change of finan-
cial arrangement, brought about by public opin-
ion, " which everywhere ought to guide and
ence statesmenshould, nevertheless, be charac-
terized by moderation, nay, by scrupulous" tfender-
ness for those interests of our fellow-citizens that
are to be affected by it. The legislation which
encouraged their investments, their educational
training", or their habits, should cease, finally and
firmly, if required, but still soothingly and gently;
and hence I may be pardoned for expressing a
regret that certain provisions which, in their bear-
ins, seem to me trenchant and sudden beyond the
calls of the occasion, have been allowed to remain
as parts of this bill. Were it in my power to ex-
cept these provisions from the operation of my
vote, I would do so; but viewed as a whole, as a
measure to accommodate a vast and intricate sub-
ject to the prevailing sentiment of the American
people, to reduce the burdens artificially imposed
upon the laboring and productive masses, and to
reconcile diminished restriction of trade mith in-
creased contributions from it, I cannot resist the
impression that the bill is more equal, more tem-
pered, and more just, than the act, of 1842, which
it supersedes. That it deals with some pursuits
and resources of my native Commonwealth less
kindly than she might well expect, does not relieve
me from my duty, but only makes its performance
personally reluctant and painful.
In aid of these considerations, adequate, perhaps,
in themselves to control my vote, there is another
which, I am free to confess, nothing but an unfore-
seen, sheer, and pressing public necessity, could
ever induce me to forego or forget. In strict con-
cord with the letter and spirit of the Constitution,
the Vice President of the United States, now called
upon to act, is the direct agent and representative
of the whole people. In advance, and dependent
upon contingent results, it is perfectly competent
to this, his national constituency, to give instruc-
tions, and to receive pledges for their execution.
On this identical subject of a tariff of duties on im-
ports, whatever may have been the course of local
and casual inconsistency, my own honor can admit
of no disclaimer of instructions that were formally
announced, and my own good faith stands inviola-
ble to a pledge voluntarily given. If by thus act-
ing it lie my misfortune to offend anv portion of
those who honored me with their suffrages, I have
only to say to them, and to my whole country,
that I prefer the deepest obscurity of private life,
with an unwounded conscience, to the glare of
official eminence, spotted by a sense of moral de-
linquency.
The Presiding Officer having given the casting
vote in the affumative, the bill was ordered to a
third reading.
Several voices; " Now for the third reading."
"No, no; wait until to-morrow," was heard
from the Opposition side of the Chamber.
Mr NILES here rose and moved that the further
consideration of the subject be postponed until the
first Monday in December next.
Mr. COLCUJITT questioned the propriety of
this motion, lie thought that it was out of order;
the bill had been ordered to a third reading, and
there was therefore another question pending.
Here the calls for the third reading of the bill
were renewed.
Mr. MANGUM and others. It is objected to,
and therefore must lie oier.
The point of order not having been disposed of,
Mr. SIMMONS contended that the motion by
the Senator from Connecticut was in order. The
question would be, first, upon the postponing the
further consideration, and, if that was rejected, then
any further action would be in older; "but while a
motion to postpone was pending, no other action
would be in order.
The objection was here withdrawn.
Mr. NILES proceeded to say, that he should
| not consider that he had done his whole duty in
| opposition to this extraordinary measure, without
I making this, the last effort, to arrest its progress,
i Circumstances had thrown upon him a grave and
highly responsible duty in regard to this measure, '
and he had never, for a moment, hesitated in meet-
ing it or faltered in its discharge, however painful
it had been. He had fearlessly met this bill on its
first appearance in the Senate, and had done all
that he believed it his duty to do to defeat it, by
attempting to show that it was such a bill as ought
not to receive the sanction of this body. Having
no longer^ny hopes of succeeding in this, it now
only remained for him, as a last effort, to get it
postponed. His object was to give his northern
friends an opportunity to arrest or postpone this
measure without a direct vote on its merits. He
would, therefore, in the most friendly but solemn
manner, make this last appeal; he would earnestly
beseech them to pause, and delay the final action
on this bill, so deeply interesting to their constitu-
ents as well as to liis. He had said some days
since, when addressing the Senate, that he could
not appeal to any of his northern friends to vote
against this bill, because the interests of their con-
stituents were substantially the same as his; and if
what was due to them and their interests could not
prevail, he could not suppose any respect for the
rights of his constituents, or any considerations of
regard for himself personally, could influence their
action. But now he did not appeal to them in re-
gard to the merits of the bill; he asked only for
delay. -He asked that the final decision might be
put off, and that the question might go before their
constituents and his, that they may examine it, and
decide upon its merits. If this is allowed, it will be
thoroughly discussed in its principles and its details,
and its probable influence be judged of on their inter-
ests, pursuits, and employments. He sincerely
hoped that this reasonable request would be ac-
corded to him. He asked it for their constituents as
well as his own. He asked for the whole people of
the North, most deeply interested in this question.
What a solemn spectacle (said Mr. N.) does this
Senate nowexhibit. We are about to decide a giave
question, more deeply affecting the interests, the bu-
siness, and employments of the whole people of the
middle and northern States, than any which has for
years,if, indeed, ever before, been submitted to the
decision of Congress. And this great measure has
come as a surprise upon the people. A few weeks
since, no one thought such a measure could have
comrf under consideration at this time. But the
moment the danger appeared, all became alarmed,
and many have come on here to see if anything
could be done to arrest it, and to escape so fatal a
blow to their prosperity. Sir, tliey are now here,
watching with a trembling anxiety the final issue
of a measure, fraught, as they honestly believe,
with the most alarming consequences to their in-
terests, and those of the whole people They ask
no favors at your hands; they only desire that they
may not be sacrificed by their own government.
And who, on the other hand, is here demanding
this measure? What voice has come up from the
people, or any portion of the people, demanding
this sacrifice? I have heard no sucfi voice. Why,
then, is this measure pressed on ? Why, then, is
this extraordinary act, unexampled in the legisla-
tion of any country, to be forced on the countsy ?
And how is this to be done ? Is it to pass by the
votes of a majority of the States ? No, sir, it can-
not so pass; there is not a majority of this body in
its favor; it. can only pass by your vote, not repre-
senting any State. Ought a measure like this to
become a law without the sanction of a majority of
the Senate? But this is not all; the Senator from
-Tennessee, [Mr. Jaknagin,] stated yesterday that
there was not one-third of tlie Senators who ap-
proved of this bill. Sir, I can endorse that state-
ment; I verily believe that there is less than one-
third of this body who. in their consciences, can
say they approve this bill.
But I wish to call the attention of my friends to
another consideration. It is admitted by nearly all
that this is not such a law as can stand, or as ought
to stand. It is to he passed to be amended. The
question, then, is this: Will you pass this bill to
amend it, or permit the present law to remain and
amend that? Which, then, is the proper course
for statesmen and honest legislators to pursue?
Do you say that this is a less objectionable Jaw
than the act of 1842 ? If this was admitted, which
I do not admit, it does not settle the question I
have submitted. The act of 1S42, if a Dad law,
has been in operation three or four years, and its
evils, if evils have attended it, are gcgie by; the
business of the country has becomc adapted to it,
