1160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
noisy and confused debate that generally charac-
terizes the proceedings in this Hall, the committee
will excuse my obtrusion when it may be right and
proper to save myself from the injustice that may
be the result of silence. I know nothing of the
motives which prompted our late Senator, Mr.
Haywood, to resign; he has never communicated
his motives to me personally. I have lived long
enough to know what importance is to be attached
to the thousands of rumors that now float through
this metropolis. I will allude to one only—1 mean
that rumor which associates this recent event with
bribery and gold. As a North Carolinian—as a
representative from that " good old North State,"
whose character for sterling integrity and honesty
is cherished with affection and pride by all her
sons, I here, in my place, and before the country,
protest against such a charge against one of her
sons. Foi myself, I do not and cannot for one
moment harbor the suspicion that any son of
North Carolina is capable of being seduced or pur-
chased with the gold of manufacturers or others. I
have too much State pride to hear the rumor with-
out denouncing it. I have too much confidence in
her people to believe it for a moment. My col-
league [Mr. Biggs] has not made such ail insinu-
ation.
But, Mr. Chairman, my worthy colleague [Mr.
Biggs] feels a natural sensitiveness in regard to this
occurrence. He was in the Legislature, and aided
in electing Mr. Haywood. A Democrat himself,
deeply anxious to reform our tariff system, he voted
for Mr. Haywood, confidently cherishing the he-
* lief that, when elected, he would be found at his
post battling manfully to effect the desired reform.
How natural, therefore, his mortification at the
result!
And now, sir, uninformed as I am in regard to
the motives (which it remains for time and the late
Senator himself to disclose) which animated hini
to act this remarkable part, lest my views may be
misapprehended, I now publicly, in my place, ex-
press my disapprobation of his course—my pro-
found astonishment and deep regret at its occur-
rence. If there bo a subject on which the Demo-
crats of North Carolina are more thoroughly united
than on any other, my decided impression is that
that subject is the thorough modification of our tariff
system. But the Senator has resigned; I deeply
deplore it. I had hoped that the Senator's vote
would have been given, and I now fear his resig-
nation will produce a defeat of the bill.
Mr. COLLIN resumed the floor, and addressed
the committee in reply to a speech of his colleague,
[Mr. Smith,] and in defcncc of the positions form-
erly taken by him on the tariff.
Mr. DOCKERY obtained the floor, and yielded
a moment to
Mr. SMITH, of New York, who stated that
not having heard all the remarks of his colleague,
[Mr. Collin,] he would defer any reply until lie
saw them in print.
Mr. DOCKERY (resuming) said that the resig-
nation of Mr. Haywood was, at this moment, he
believed, the subject of remark and discussion in
the Senate. He was somewhat surprised that,
even in that body, such should have been the case;
but he could not forbear the expression of his great
surprise that it .should have been introduced into
this House.   That gentleman was not a member of
this House, nor had he ever been; he was, there-
fore, in no way responsible to it for an act done in
an official capacity—a capacity which this House
had no agency in creating. He was responsible
to this House in no way whatever for the act
which was now the subject of animadversion here.
He did not intend to be understood as the apolo-
gist or defender of Mr. H. He did not know that
he was in need of any defcncc from him*, nor did
the personal relations between them justify his
taking such an office upon himself. The inter-
course between them had only been of a formal,
yet courteous character. If the honorable Senator
stood m need of defence for taking a step which
put it out of his power to vote for the bill now
pending in the Senate, he (Mr. D.) had no doubt
he would find it in the approbation of a large ma-
jority of the people of North Carolina, triumphant-
ly expressed in an election shortly to be held in
that State.
His colleague [Mr, Biggs] had spoken of the
views and conduct of the party by which Mr.
Haywood was elected to the Senate, as also of the
views of Mr. H. himself in regard to the tariff and
the protective policy. With respect to the par-
ticular views of Mr. H. upon that important in-
terest Mr. D. knew nothing; he had never spoken
to him m his life upon the subject of politics. Mr.
H. was a great leader in one party, and he (Mr.
D.) was an humble member of another. It was
of the views of the people of North Carolina—the
majority of the people—that he wished to address
a few remarks to the House. Whether Mr. H.
had not carried out the views, and disobeyed and
betrayed the party who elected him, he had noth-
ing to say. He had something to say as to the
circumstances which led to, and the means by
which that party obtained the power to send Mr.
H. to the Senate. Since the election of Governor
in 1836, and in that election, the tariff or protective
policy had entered into all the political contests of
North Carolina. The tariff act of 1842, and the
protective policy generally, had been fully and
freely canvassed and discussed in that Slate. Can-
ditates for offices of every grade have discussed it
from her western bordeis to the sea. No question,
of whatever character, has been more fully and
ably discussed, or is better understood. And what
has been the result? The result has been, that the
party favoring a tariff, which will yield sufficient
revenue and at the same time so discriminate as
effectively to protect the manufacturing and work-
ing interests of the country, has, in every instance
since 1836, elected their Governor.
In 3840 it was alleged that if a Whig President
was elected it would fasten upon the counti*y the
protective policy; yet the Whig candidate received
the vote of North Carolina.
He believed his colleague [Mr. Biggs] had him-
self made a hundred speeches against the tariff, not-
withstanding which the elections have decided that
the protective policy was the true policy of the
country. The unfortunate death of General Har-
rison, and the troubles which arose in the Whig
ranks from the unexpected and extraordinary
course pursued by his successor, produced apathy
and despondency in the Whig party, and their op-
ponents obtained a majority m the Legislature of
North Carolina in ]S42. "The Wilis: \ote in that
year was about 12,000 below the ordinary vote of
the party. This was one of the consequences re-
sulting from the treachery of John Tyler. The
election of that year, so far as the Whig party was
concerned in that State, might be considered as
having gone by default. The Democratic ascend-
ency was therefore an accidental, as it proved a
temporary, ascendency. It was this accidental
Legislature that sent Mr. Haywood to the Senate.
Under these peculiar circumstances, therefore, if
Mr. Haywood had remained in his seat in the
Senate, and given his vote in favor of the bill now
pending in that body to repeal the tariff of 1842,
and to destroy the protective policy, he would, in
the opinion of Mr. D., have misrepresented the
State. He believed that Mr. Haywood was too
honorable, honest, and conscientious a man to do
this. He was (Mr. D. presumed, for he knew
nothing certain) reluctant to vote in opposition to
the party of which he was a distinguished member,
and deeming it a violation of his duty, as a Repre-
sensitive of the State, to vote against the well-
known sentiments of that State, he (Mr. D.) pre-
sumed that the honorable Senator had taken the
, dignified and honorable course of laying down lus
' commission, and of retiring from the body of
I which he was a member.
In a few davs an election will be held in North
Carolina, and Mr. D. said he now predicted that,
when you hear the result, it will be a triumphant
mnjoritv in favor of sustaining the great measures
of the Whig party: in the front rank of which is a
tariff which shall yield revenue altogether sufficient
for all the purposes of Government, and at the
same time afford the necessary protection to the in-
dustry and work of the countiy. A great majority
of the farmers of that State, he felt warranted in
asserting, were in fdvor of such a principle.
Mr. D. said he did not, by any means, wish to
be understood as impugning: the motives of bis col-
leagues in the course they had taken, and in what
they had said here in respect to this subject. When
they spoke of their anxious desire to destroy the
tariff, and pass the bill now before the Senate, and
denounced their Senator because he had not fol-
lowed the course which they had marked out for
him, ihev of coiuse spoke then own sentiments,
and possibly the sentiments of their districts; but
they did not represent or speak the views of a ma-
jority of the people of North Carolina. It is true,
there are in this House six Democratic and three
Whig representatives from that State. That was
by no means to be taken as an exposition of the
political sentiments of a majority of the people;
the matter was easily explained.
The majority accidentally obtained in the Legis-
lature by the Democratic party in 1842, .and by
which Mr. Haywood was sent to the Senate, dis-
tricted the State into congressional districts. In
doing this, that Legislature completely gerryman-
dered it; the result was, six representatives were
given to a Democratic minority, and three to a
Whig majority. So much for the representation
on this floor, speaking the opinions and sentiments
of* the people of North Carolina. The next Legis-
lature, which he was happy to say he had little
doubt would be Whig, would remedy this griev-„
ance, this act of injustice to the people, and make
such a distribution of the counties into districts as
would be just in itself, and fair to the two great
parties into which the country was divided. It
would be the duty of the Legislature to do this, and
he had no fears that it would shrink from this duty.
The majority of the people should be represented
on this floor by a majority of representatives hold-
ing opinions and professing sentiments identical
with themselves.
Mr. D. concludcd by saying that it was not his
intention to inflict a speech upon the country at
this session. God knows the people had already
enough of speeches from this Hall to satisfy the
most absorbing appetite or desire. Nor had he
made a speech; he had only explained a matter
upon which there seemed to be a difference of
opinion between himself and his two colleagues;
nor should he even have troubled the House at ail
if a discussion had not arisen here as to the mo-
tives of Mr. Haywood; and hearing his colleagues
make declarations to which he could not assent,
he had felt jt his duty to make these fetf remarks.
They were given without premeditation or prepa-
tion.
Mr. HAMLIN obtained the floor, and yielded,
at request, to
Mr. R.EID, who said: The cause which renders
it necessary for me to submit a few remarks on
this occasion is as painful to me as it must be to
every Democrat in North Carolina. Had I not
been in the chair when my colleague [Mr. Biggs]
submitted his remarks, I would have said, as I
now do, that I entirely concurred in what he said.
I admire political independence, and can well
imagine cases in which a Senator might surrender
his scat without reproach or censure; but I do not
believe this to be one of that character. I depre-
cate the idea of representatives in one end of the
Capitol interfering in what alone belongs to the
other. But, sir, the conduct of Mr. Haywood,
one of the Senators from my State, is a subject of
public concernment, and belongs not to the Senate
alone. That event may change the fate of a great
public measure, in which, as a representative and
as an individual, I feel the deepest interest. It is
a measure to the success of which millions are
looking with the deepest solicitude. Mr. Hay-
wood has always been understood as being op-
posed to thc^tariff of 1842, and to the principle of
protection for protection's sake. He was elected
: by a Democratic Legislature; and opposition to the
! principle of protection, and to the tariff act of 1842,
! has been one of the principal issues made by the
. Democratic party in North Carolina. I do not
j know a Democrat in the whole State who is in
i favor of the act of 1842; but, on the other hand,
i many Whigs are opposed to it. At a moment when
we were about to consummate one of the great
measures for which the Democratic party in North
Carolina has so long and anxiously labored, I
j heard with suprise that Mr. Haywood would vote
| against the bill, and afterwards, with still greater
j surprise, that he had resigned his scat. This
] event has produced a sensation here unfavorable
; to the passage of the bill, the news of which will
1 reach North Carolina just on the eve of our elec-
: tions.
| Under these circumstances, I f^el it to be a duty
j which I owe to myself and the country to say that
j I decidedly disapprove of the course pursued by
j Mr. Haywood. Of the motives which influenced
! him I know nothing, and theiefore have nothing
! to say. I would scorn the idea of imputing to him
| a dishonorable motive. I speak of his political
' conduct as it is, and as it affects the interests of the
