1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1161
country, and of the party with which I act. In
this sense, candor compels me to say that he has
disappointed the will and the expectations of those
who elected him, and the party with which he has
acted.
I am aware that if this tariff bill is defeated, the
\Vhig; party, or a portion of them, will charge upon
this Administration that it did not in good faith
wish to see the measure passed. Such intimations
nave already been thrown out here and elsewhere.
In anticipation of this unfounded charge, I will
take occasion to say to the people of North Caro-
lina, that this Administration is sincerely desirous
to carry out this impotent measure. But I hope
Jt may yet be passed.
In reply to the remarks of my Whig colleague,
[Mr. Dookery,] I have only to say that it is ex-
ceedingly Strange that he should be found the
apologist of Mr. Haywood on this floor. My col-
league was a member of the Legislature which
elected Mr. Haywood, and he did "not vote for or
apologize for him then. Why has my colleague
now taken upon himself this task? I have to°re-
jpeat to my friends here and throughout the coun-
try, that the Democratic party of North Carolina
are_ undivided in their opposition to a protective
tariff, and that the day is not very distant when
North Carolina will again take her stand with the
Democratic States of this Union. To my*con-
stituents, and to the Democratic party of my State,
I say, be not discouraged at the event to which I
have alluded, but renew your effoits; for the cause
of democracy is founded 011 the great and immuta-
ble principles of truth and justice, and must sooner
or later prevail.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, said that he did
not rise for the purpose of prolonging the novel
and extraordinary discussion which had been very
unexpectedly sprung upon the House this morning,
by one of the honorable gentlemen from North
Carolina, in regard to the recent resignation of one
of the Senators from that State. A number of the
honorable members from that State have already
spoken upon the subject, and said all that it was
necessary to say. Beside, it woyld be improper and
out of place, perhaps, for me, a Representative
from another State, to adventure upon this delicate
and forbidden field of private allusion and mere ner-
sonal debate. With either the motives or conduct
of that gentleman, I, at least, have nothing to do.
But, as I believe that both have been basely and
grossly calumniated and abused, nothing shall pre-
vent me from saying so here. My honorable friend
from North Carolina, [Mr. Reid,] who has just
taken his seat, alluded, in the course of his remaiks,
to a rumor, or rather a surmise, which obtained,
for a time, some lade credence in certain quarters,
that that gentleman had a<-ted, in the course which '
he had taken, with the secret knowledge and con- j
sent of the Executive himself; and, as I happen to :
be aware of the fact that such a suspicion did ;
obtain, for a time, in some parts of this city, I i
will give the reason upon which it .was founded, j
This distinguished gentleman, it is well known, j
while yet a Senator of the United States, was '
upon terms of intimate acquaintance and apparent j
confidence with the President, and, on a certain '
great and absorbing question, which engrossed the j
attention of Congress and agitated the country a '
few months since, he spoke, as subsequent events j
fully proved, with a peculiar knowledge of Execu- !
tive views and intentions, which confirmed many :
in the belief that he enjoyed the ear of the Presi- \
dent as few enjoyed it then. Well, what was the I
course of the President on that question—I mean ;
the famous question of 51° 40': Why, after lead- i
ing a portion of his friends here into this false '
and ridiculous position, he turned his back upon :
them, and betrayed them into the hands of the foe; '
for it was the Executive, and the Executive organ ;
here, which led them into that mortifying error: '
and, after they had been blindly led to the very j
mouths of the enemy's cannon, they suddenly ;
found, to their great chagrin, confusion, and shame, I]
that their great file-leaders had unexpectedly be- 'l
trayed them, and ingloriously fled. P
All this was well known, and it was expected ij
by some that a new scene m the same drama was Ij
about to be enacted on the tariff bill; that there ;!
-was to be another great and signal backing out 011 I;
the part of the President on this question as 011 the I!
other, and that he was about to come it over the jj
friends of this bill as he came it over the Fifty-four- j]
Forties oil that; and that, after having been led to I'
the very brink and verge of action, they were again
to be betrayed into the hands of their enemies.
The connexion of the late Senator from North
Carolina with the former question,and his intimate
knowledge of the private and real views and inten-
tions of the President in relation to it, led some for
a moment to suppose that he was" acting on this
occasion with the secret sanction and concurrence
of the Executive in vacating his seat.
But, Mr. Chairman, I entertain no such suspi-
cion myself. I concur fully in the opinion ex-
pressed by the honorable gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Reid,] that there is not the slight-
est ground for suspecting the sincere adhesion and
deep devotion of the entire head and heart of the
Executive to the fatal and destructive provisions
contained in this tariff bill. I have no doubt—110,
sir, not the shadow of a doubt—of his firm and
uncompromising determination to force it through
Congress and upon the countiy at all hazards and
at all events. And, as my friend from North Car-
olina by my side [Mr. Bahringkr] suggests, if he
should not accomplish it this session he will the
next. It will certainly come, sir; forborne it
must. He wills it; and neither the desertion of
friends nor the opposition of foes will be able to
stay his purpose or defeat his design. In the sol-
emn counsels of the faithful and powerful it has
been decreed that it must pass; and if it does not
come now, it must come in the end, and that for
the country, alas! full soon.
Sir, it has been grossly insinuated against the
late Senator from North Carolina, and members of
the party to which I belong, that he has been se-
duced from his allegiance to his party and his
friends by the bribery of corruption of the enemies
of the present tariff bill.
Mr. REID, rising to explain, observed that the
honorable gentleman from Delaware would recol-
lect that he made no charge of that kind against
Mr. Haywood; that he had expressly said that of
his motives and reasons he had nothing to say; he
spoke only of the acts, and knew nothing and said
nothing of the considerations which had led him
to resign.
Mr. HOUSTON, in reply, observed that he
wished the honorable member from North Caro-
lina to distinctly understand that he did not mean
to impute any surh charge or reflection to him, or
to any of his colleasucs upon this floor, for it gave
him pleasure to do them the justice to say that they
had all, at least so far as they had spoken, exon-
erated and acquitted that gentleman of this dis-
graceful accusation. He had not alluded to any-
thing which had been uttered upon this floor, but
to charges and aspersions which had been, and
would be, fabricated and circulated elsewhere. To
any one who understood the late position of that
distinguished gentleman, the peculiar and implicit
confidence which he seemed to enjoy in quarters
where ambitious and corruptible men are the most
likely to be found, the conclusion is irresistible
that his motives for this extraordinary step which
he has taken are upright and pure. Not only from
the elevated position which he lately held as a Sen-
ator of the United States, by one quick step has he
descended; but the present, smiles of Executive
favor and regard, and all the allurements and se-
ductions of office, and the glittering prospects of
further promotions which he soon might have had,
had he been ambitious enough to barter away his
integrity for higher honors, or base enough to com-
mute it for gold—all these he had freely and vol-
untarily resigned, to return to the humble station of
a private citizen. The facts and circumstances
which have preceded and attended his resignation,
sudden and unexpected as it was, constitute a suffi-
cient guaranty to satisfy my mind of the pure and
unblemished character of the motives by which he
has been governed. The opponents of this tariff
bill had nothing to offer, nothing to give, which
could possibly tempt the virtue of an honorable or
an ambitious man.
Those who hope for the rewards which unscru-
pulous and ambitious men commonly covet and
desire, will not be foremost to imitate his example;
they will rather turn their attention in another
direction, and to a higher power—to the ample and
seductive favors which surround your own chosen
chief, and seek to bask in the light of his balmy
smiles. It is he, and not we, who have the means and
the appliances to boot, to control the consciences of
doubtful or corruptible men. The honorable gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Dobbin,] for
whom I entertain the highest respect, and in the
sincerity and fairness of whose feelings I have the
utmost confidence, has said that he would rather
that this late Senator from his State had remained
at his post and voted against the bill, like a man,
if he could not reconcile it with his conscience to
give it his support. But would this have been in
accordance with the principle of the Democratic
party, and avowed in the doctrine which they hold
in regard to the right of instructions ? He has
told us that the Democratic party of North Caro-
lina are in favor of the principles and provisions
incorporated in this bill, and that gentleman was
elected to carry out the views and wishes of that
party. Well, that may all be so, and for aught
I know he may have so understood it. But sup-
pose he had been instructed by the Legislature to
vote for this bill, and he could not have conscien-
tiously done it, would he not have been compelled
to resign, according to the recognised creed of the
party in that State ? The fact of there being no
instructions does not alter the principle in this
case; for if he knew that it was the wish of his
party that he should vote for the bill, he was ■
equally bound to vote for it or to resign. To one
who holds to this doctrine, instructions mean
nothing more than the ascertained will of the.
Legislature, and where he has good reason to
know the wishes of lus constituents without them,
he is as much bound to obey their will, or to resign,
in the one case as in the other.
But it is not my intention to dwell upon this
unpleasant topic, which I must take leave to say
has, in my judgment, been altogether out of place
since it was introduced here. Indeed, I had no
idea, before I arose, of making a single remark in
regard to the merits of it. I arose for another and
an entirely different object. My purpose was "
simply to propound a single inquiry to my honor-
able friend from Pennsylvania, as to a remark
contained in a brief report in the National Intelli-
gencer of Friday last of some remarks made by
the honorable gentleman in lelation to the title of
the State of Delaware in the Pea Patch Island. I
was not then in my seat; and as this is the first
opportunity which I have had since that time of
putting the question to my honorable friend, I
will avail myself of it, by his permission, and do
so now.
The fortification bill was then under considera-
tion, and the honorable gentleman, in giving notice
of his intention, at the proper time, to move an
amendment to it for the settlement of the long-
pending question as to the title to the Pea Patch
Island, in the river Delaware, remarked, among
other things, that the State of Delaware had with-
drawn " her claim to it; and a Mr. Gale, now the
only remaining claimant, had offered to submit to
the arbitration of the Chief Justice of the United
Stales." Now, the question which I wish to pro-
pound to my honorable friend is, whether he is to
be understood, by this remark, as meaning to say
that the State of Delaware has now, or ever has, at
any former time, admitted or confessed that the
title which she held to that island, prior to the
cession of it to the United States, and over which
she still retains the general) jurisdiction, is not good
and valid against all claimants and all comers,
from whatever they may have originated ? If this
is the meaning which I am to attach" to the lan-
guage of the honorable gentleman, then I beg leave
to inform him that it is an entire and unqualified
mistake. Prior to the cession of that island, some
twenty years since, by the State of Delaware to the
General Government, upon the condition that it
would erect and maintain a fortress upon it, the
title of the State had never been disputed by any
living mortal. It was then of no value whatever
except for the purpose designated in the resolutions
coding it to the' General Government. A few
months after the cession was made, and after it
was ascertained that the Government was about to
enter and erect a fort upon it, a certain unknown,
and hitherto unheard-of claimant, of celebrated
fishing memory, arose in New Jersey, and laid
claim to it. Ho had, or professed to have, some
sort of a title to it, which he got for five hundred
dollars, according to his own showing, and which
he magnanimously came forward and offered to
sell out to the General Government for Twenty
thousand dollars; since that time it has continued
to compound itself until it now amounts, I believe,
to one hundred thousand dollars; and, ever sinre,
the matter has been involved in an unfortunate and
