1164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
had agreed to the Senate's amendment of the tariff
bill.
THE SUB-TREASURY BILL.
The Senate then, on motion of Mr LEWIS,
proceeded to the consideration of the bill for the
better organization of the treasury, and for the col-
lection, safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement
of the public money.
Mr. LEWIS addressed the Senate. He. said
that at that late period of the session, and when a
considerable amount of public business yet remain-
ed to be disposed of, he would not of course think
of enterals at large on the discussion of this bill.
Indeed, that was rendered unnecessary from the
fact that public opinion had been made up almost
unanimously as to the necessity of having some
recognised and public fiscal agent of the Govern-
ment. Public opinion was at this time, perhaps,
divided between the merits of this proposition, and
that of making a United States Bank the fiscal
a^ent. That division of public opinion followed
party lines, perhaps. But whatever might be the
difference of opinion as regarded the proper agent
to carry on the fiscal operations o(f the Government,
of the necessity of such an agent there was but
one opin ion, All parties admitted that it was time
to change, not only the fiscal system, but the fiscal
agent; and that the mode of payments into the
treasury should be fixed and established. With
the exception of the short period during which the
sub-treasury had been in operation, for ten years
past, the mode of collection, transfer, and disbuise-
ment of the public money had been in an unsettled
condition. They weie without any fixed system.
With the exception of the clauses in the act of
1789, establishing the Treasury Department, and
another act of the same year relative to the collec-
tion of duties Cm imports, the;f were totally with-
out any legislative regulation in respect to the col-
lection, transfer, and disbursement, of the public
money. Now, the object of this bill was to sup-
ply that defect—to establish by law a fiscal agent,
and to fix the mode of payments into the treasury.
The bill adhered to the principle of divorcing the
Government fioin any connexion with banks of
any kind whatever. It proceeded on the assump
tion that this connexion had hitherto operated dis-
advantageously both on the Government and the
banks. By affording the means of expansion, and
so interfering with the due adjustment of the cur-
rency, the effect of the bank deposite system had
been highly injurious. The time for the act to go
into opeia'tioii had been fixed on a day already
passed, the liUtli of June; it was now fixed on the
1st of January, 1847. The only amendment of
importance reported by the Committee on Finance
of the Senate, was as to the time at which the re-
ceipts of specie shall commence at the treasuiy.
The time had been fixed on the 30th of June—now
passed—and was nowfixed on the 1st of January,
1847. The other amendments respected matters ,
of detail, and would explain themselves. He in- j
vited the Senate to an examination of these amend-
ments, and should make no further remarks on the i
general merits of the bill. >
Mr. EVANS inquired if it was the intention ;
of the honorable Senator that the amendments j
should be voted upon before proceeding to the gen- j
eral discussion of the bill. !
Mr. LEWIS said he did not wish to preclude ,
discussion at all.
Mr. EVANS said he had no objection that the
amendments should be acted upon in the first ill-
stance, and he then should claim the privilege of >
stating his objections to the bill. I
The Senate then proceeded to consider the va- !
rious amendments reported by the Finance Com- ,
mittee. . j
Upon an amendment to the twenty-first section
of the bill a debate arose, in which Messrs. BEN- :
TON, CALHOUN, LEWIS, DAVIS, and ,
ALLEN, took part. '
That part of the section which it is proposed to :
amend is as follows:
" Tti'nt till! disbursing officer of the Government, wlion
furnished with the means nt making pas nients in treasiuy
di atfe, [which cannot be disbursed at pai.] sti.itt cause tho-^c
diaSts to be transmitted to tlicir places of payment, and to
be properly paid accorchmr to law, and shall make In- pay-
ments la the money so received for the drafts 1'urni-hed,
unless m sucli ease he can exchange the means in ins hands
for gold and silver at par."
Mr. LEWIS moved further to amend this sec-
tion by providing that in case the-drafts could not
be exchanged for gold and silver at par, the dis-
bursing officer should be at liberty to pay them to
the Government creditors."
Mr. BENTON was entirely opposed to the pro-
posed amendment. It was changing the entire
character of the bill. The adoption of such a pro-
vision would destroy the whole system; it would
defeat the main idea upon which the sub-treasury
was based. It' would put it in the power of the
disbursing officer to create a currency, and com-
pletely defeat the whole scheme of a hard-money
currency.
Mr. ALLEN also opposed the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS said the Senator from Missouri
was entirely right in saying that such a provision
as this would change the whole character of the
bill. It was designed originally by this section of
the bill that the drafts should be limited to the
places where they we re drawn, but they would
now he changed to drafts for circulation. It was
neither more nor less than creating a government
bank. In fact, it was enabling the Government to
circulate its paper upon the credit of the Govern-
ment, without the restriction imposed upon banks
to redeem its paper at sight. It was an utter aban-
donment of the principle upon which they set out.
Mr. LEWIS said he was not aware that there
was any abandonment of piinciple m it. It was
only intended as a matter of convenience to the
disbursing officer, and as saving the necessity of
sending in all cases to the places where the drafts
were payable for the money. If treasury drafts
were to be used at all, this provision was neces-
sary.
Sir. CALHOUN said he could see no such great
difference between paying these drafts to the public
creditor, and sending them to the place at which
they were payable, receiving the money, and pay-
ing over that money. He could not see how a
government bank was to grow out of it. The
operations of a bank involved discount and issue
both; this did not. In his opinion the sub-treasury
might be overthrown m two ways—first, by di-
vesting it of all conveniences and subjecting it to a
high degiee of inconvenience, so as to make it
expensive and odious; and, secondly, by running
into what was called the paper system. He did
not apprehend any danger from the latter under
this bill, and the adoption of the amendment now
proposed would obviate the former difficulty.
After some further remarks from the gentlemen
already named, without coming to a vote upon
this proposition to amend,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 29, 1846.
Thejournalof yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the special order of
■I the day to be the bill providing for the establish-
" ment of a warehousing system.
THE TARIFF.
A message was received from the Senate by A.
Dickms, Esq., Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed the bill of this House,
entitled "A bill to reduce the duty on imports, and
for oiher purposes," with an amendment; in which
amendment the Senate asked the concurrence of
this House.
Mr. BOYD moved that the special order be post-
poned until to-morrow, and that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the said message.
Mr. BRODHEAD asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. McKAY moved that there be a call of the
House; which was also ordeicd.
And the i oil having been called, 199 members
answered to their names.
The names of the absentees were then called,
and 211 members appeared to be present.
A motion was then made that all further pro-
ceedings on the call be dispensed with.
Mr.= WINTHROP asked the yeas and nays,
which weie ordered; and, being taken, resulted—
yeas 142, nays 56.
So all further proceedings on the call were dis-
pensed with.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Boyd, to postpone the special order, and that
the House proceed to the consideration of the mes-
sage from the Senate.
The yeas and nays were taken, and resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
Bedinger, Benton, Biggs, Jamas A. BlaoU, Bowltn, Boyd,
Broctartrough, W. 6. Brown, Burt, Cathcart, Augustus A.
Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke,
Cobb, Collin, Constable, Culiom, Cummins, Cunningham,
Daniel, Dargan, De Mott, Dobbin, Douglass, Dromgooie,
Dunlap, Faran, Ficklm, Fries, Giles, Gordon, Haralson,
Harmauson, Henley, Hogc, I. E. Holmes, Hopkins, Hougll,
George S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, James B. Hunt,
Hunter, James H. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Lawrence, Leake, La
Sere, Ligon, Lumpkin, Maclay, MeCieHand, McClernand,
MeOonneil, MeCrate, Jos. J, McDowell, James McDowell,
McGaughey, McKay, John P. Martin, Barkley Martin, Mor-
ris, Morse, Norris, Owen, Parrish, Payne, Perrill, Pettit,
Phelps, Pillsbury, Reid, Kelfe, Kliett, Roberts, Kunk, Saw-
telle, Sawyer, Searnmon, Seddon, Alexander D. Sups, L.
H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Stanton, Starkweather,
Strong, Jacob Thompson, Thurinan, Tibbatts, Tilden,
Towns, Tredway, Vance, Vinton, Wfintworth, Wick, Wil-
liams, Woodward, Woodworth, and Yancey—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Ci. Adams, Arnold, Ash-
man, Barringer, Bell, James Black, Elanchard, BririkerhofF,
lirorlhead,Milton Brown, Bufiington, William W. Campbell,
John H. Campbell, Carroll, John G. Chapman,Cocke,Cran-
ston, Crozier, Culver. Dariagh, Garrett Davis, Dillingham,
Dixon, Dockery, Edsalt, Ellsworth, Erdinan, John II. Ew-
ing, Edwin H. Ewing, Foot, Foster, Garvin, Gentry, Gid-
dings, Goodyear, Giaham, Grider, Gunnel!, Grover, Hamp-
ton, Harper, Hilhaid, Elias t . Holmes, John W. Houston,
Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Hungeribrd, Washington
Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph E. Jngersoll, Jenkins,
Daniel P. King, Preston King, Thomas Butler King. Leib,
Lewis, Levin, Long, MeClean, MoHenry,MeIlvaine, Massh,
MilUar. Moselev, Pendleton, Perry, Pollock, Ramsey, Rath-
bulPKittcr. Julius Rockwell, J. A. Rockwell, Boot, Sehenek,
Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Stephens, Stewart, St. John, Strohm, Sj kes, Tlnbo -
deaux, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson, James Thomp-
son, Toombs, Trumbo, Wheaton, White, Wilmot, Wm-
throp, Wood, Woodruff, Wright, Young, and Yost—39.
So the motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER directed the Clerlt to read the
message.
The Clerk was proceeding to do so; when
Mr. W1NTHROP submitted that the postpone-
ment of the special order did not of necessity bring
up the message from the Senate.
The SPEAKER said that the motion of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] had been made
expressly for that object.
A brief conversation followed, in which Messrs.
WINTHROP, DROMGOOLE, BRODHEAD,
and the SPEAKER participated; when
Mr. WINTHROP raised this point of order:
that a vote of two-thirds was required to proceed
to the consideration of any Senate bill out of the
order of business. By the 26th rule, it was pro-
vided that, after one hour had been spent in the con-
sideration of reports from committees, the Speaker
should proceed to dispose of Executive messages
on the Speaker's table, and afterwards Senate bills
and amendments to Senate bills.
The SPEAKER said that the point of order was
raised too late. The question on the motion of the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] had been
put collectively. It was in the power of any gen-
tleman, before the question was taken, to call for a
division, first, on the motion to postpone, and then
on proceeding to take up the message from the
Senate. But the question had been taken on the
combined motion, and had been decided by the
vote of a majority, and it was now too late to
make the point of order.
Mr. WINTHROP appealed from the decision;
submitting that the motion to postpone required
the vote of a majority, but that the motion to take
up the message from the Senate required a vote of
two-thirds; and that the mere fact that no division
had been called for could not change the character
of the question, or impair the obligation of the
rule.
The SPEAKER said the rulewas.thatanymem-
ber might call for a division, and that a separate
vote should then be taken in any case where, one
part of the motion being taken away, the other
would remain a distinct and substantive proposi-
tion. But it was not the province of the Chair to
call for a division. No member had done so, and
the Speaker decided that it was now too late.
Mr. WINTHROP asked the yeas and nays on
the appeal, which were ordered.
Mr.'STEPHEN ADAMS moved that the ap-
ii peal be laid on the table.
;j Mr. WINTHROP asked the yeas and nays,
;i which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as
jj follows:
.j YLAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
;■ Bayh, Bedinger, Benton, Biggs. James A. Black, Bowlm,
B'nd, Bniikc-rhoft', Brockenbrough, William G. Brown,
it Bmt, Catiioait, Clu\*e, Chipnmn, CJarfce, Cobb, CoJiia,
Constable. Cuiiom, Cummin.-, Cuuningham, Daniel, JDar-
Ji Kuu.De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Douglass, Dromgooie,
Dunlap, Faran, Ficklm, Fries, Gordon, Haralson, Harman«
