1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1167
below a fair and reasonable price, may be a matter of doubt;
bat it docs not admit of question that the compensation
ought to lie adequate to the object of procuring that work to
be done at a proper time, and in a suitable manner."
Such is the language of the committee, (said Mr.
P.;) and repeal the law, and all the evils which the
joint resolution of 1819 was intended to remedy,
will again be experienced. Why, gentlemen will
be contented with nothing. In 1845 the rates of
printing as fixed by the law of 1819 were reduced
20 per cent.; and at this session they were again
reduced, no one can tell how much. Before this
law goes into operation we are called upon to pre-
pare to repeal it, and to resort to the old and repu-
diated experiment of letting out the printing to the
lowest bidder. Mr. P. was opposed to the whole
object of the resolution, and would vote against it.
Mr. CAMERON then rose and moved the post-
• ponement of the further consideration of the subject
till to-morrow.
Mr. SEVIEft'supported the motion.
Mr. 11. JOHNSON opposed it, and presented
some details with regard to the expense of the
printing this session,, showing that the printing of
the present session, according to the estimate of
the officers of the two Houses, would amount to
$219,548. He then asked if we could have a worse
system than this ?
Mr. CAMERON then said that this whole busi-
ness had originated ill motives and feelings entirely
separate from the subject matter. When an author
got angry he often cursed the printers. And just so
party spleen often vented itself against the public
printer. The contract system would be altogether
influenced by party successes or reverses. The
plan proposed, even taking it for granted that it
was the result of a proper desire of economy, was
objectionable. He desired to retain the present
system; but if they were to have the contract sys-
tem, he wished to have it in a proper and safe
form. One great reason why he wished the print-
ing" to be executed as at present was, because he
desired to secure the preparation and publication
of the congressional proceedings and debates. That
■was a work of -very great expense. _ Gentlemen
possessed of the necessary qualifications for re-
porting these debates commanded large salaries,
and the work was necessarily expensive. But no
newspaper could undertake to give these reports
without the patronage of the Government to the
moderate extent afforded in the execution of the
public printing. This was not like one of the great
commercial cities, where a large revenue accrued to
a newspaper fiom advertisements. The Intelli-
gencer was still in the receipt of money from the
Government for the printing of a past session. If
the public printing were given out by contract, the
reports of congressional debates would, of neces-
sity, be discontinued. It was quite true that the
bills for printing during the session was large, but
it had only been to the extent ordered by Congress.
With regard to the Patent Office document, of
which so much had been said, it was true that it
was too voluminous—as he was now ready to ad-
mit; but was the printer to be blamed tor thai ?
Certainly not; he had only faithfully discharged
his duty, and printed in a proper style the copy
given him by the committee. He wished the sub-
ject postponed, because he desired to look into the
resolution more carefully than he had been able to
look. He had on his table a paper containing the
proceedings of a meeting of the " Columbia .ty-
pographical Society"—an association of practical
printers in the city of Washington. They were
opposed to the contract system, on the ground that
it would not be found to work well. They were
better acquainted with the subject than the mem-
bers of Congress could be supposed to be. As to
the character of those gentlemen, he could speak
in the highest terms. A more honorable, upright,
and intelligent class of men than journeymen pnn-
ters could not be found. Every reliance was to be
placed on their judgment and integrity. He there-
fore considered that the subject required further
examination; and he renewed his motion to post-
P°Mr. J. M. CLAYTON opposed the motion,
advocated the joint resolution, and declaimed with
great energy against " the abomination' of a 6rov-
ernmeut press.
Mr. MANGUM said he was willing to vote for
it as an experiment, though he did so under the
perfect conviction that the contract system would
ultimately have to be abandoned. He would vote
for it as tending to divorce the public printing from
a political party press; this was a matter of some
importance; but as for the contract system, it had
already been tried, and turned out a failure. He
would vote for this proposition as a temporary ex-
pedient, and, in the interim, the attention of Con-
gress might be turned to the subject; and, before
the end of the next Congress, a plan might be fully
matured, by which the public printing might be
done as economically and as efficiently, and at the
same time be entirely disconnected with the poli-
tical press.
Mr. SEVIER opposed the joint resolution, and
showed that the very gentlemen who now com-
plained of the extent of the bills for public print-
ing, were only the other day most solicitous to
swell the amount by printing documents which'
were not usually ordered to be printed.
Mr. DICKINSON would vote for the joint res-
olution, because the Legislature of his State (New
York) had adopted the contract system.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Kag!>y, Bar-
row, Benton, Bin rien, Bright, Cass, Cilley, John M. Clayton,
Thomas Clayton, Corvvin, Cnttendun, Davis, Dayton, Dick-
inson, Dix, Evans, Greene, Hannegan, Huntington, Jarna-
gin, Johnson ot Louisiana, Johnson of Maryland, Lewis,
Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Niieri, Pearce, Phelpd, Semple,
Simmons, Sturgeon, Upham, Webster, and Woodlmdge—
34.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Bieesc, Cameion, Chalmers,
Fairliold, Houston, McDuffie. Fennybacker, Kusk, Sevier,
Speight, Tumey, and Westcott—to.
Mr. CAMERON ofl'ered a resolution restoring
to the public printers the rates existing at the com-
mencement of the session when their contract was
made; which was rejected.
The joint resolution was then read a third time,
and passed.
THE SUB-TREASURY.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the act to provide for the better organization of the
Treasury Department, and again took up the
amendment to the 21st section.
Mr. ALLEN referred to the first message of the
President of the United States to show that he
coincided with the strong public sentiment against
the connexion of the Government with banks.
He quoted from the message for the purpose of
giving his opinions on the subject of a metallic
currency ami an independent treasuiy. It was
proposed to make it a safe depository of the pub-
lic moneys, without the power of discounting or
intermeddling with the currency by any paper
issues for circulation. In the face of this message,
which proposed that we should have no other cur-
rency but gold or silver, it was now intended that
we should have no currency but paper. He ex-
pressed his determination to maintain the great
principle of the Democratic party as expounded by
the President in this message.
Mr. LEWIS asked if the gentleman from Ohio
would have tieasury drafts at all?
Air. ALLEN. Not as a circulating medium.
Mr. LEWIS asked what additional guards the
gentleman desired m order to prevent them from
being a circulating medium?
Mr. ALLEN replied that he wished the amend-
ment struck out altogether.
Mr. LEWIS then remarked that that would be
i equivalent to dispensing entirely with treasury
I d raf*t s
j Mr. SPEIGHT said that he had always advo-
cated an independent sub-treasury. He would
j .annihilate, if possible, every bank in the country.
I He was in favor of an exclusive metallic currency,
j But it was not because a President's Message, or a
i Baltimore Convention, advocated the sub-treasury
| system, that he supported it. He was in favor of
| that system from the convictions of his own mind,
I and the Constitution impelled him to its advocacy.
! He had not voted for the issue of treasury notes,
j because there was an express power granted in the
! Constitution which was adequate, without resort-
1 ing to a forced construction. When there was
: authority to borrow money, there was no necessity
i to issue treasury notes. But he took an entirely
S different view of the amendment from that taken
I by the Senator from Ohio.
: Mr. LEWIS then replied to the objections urged
I against the amendment. He desired to express,
! ii° the most emphatic manner, his rejection of the
I idea that the drafts were (o be used as a circulating
I medium. No man was more in favor of a hard-
money currency than he was: no man was more
opposed to anything like government banking. He
was not at all surprised to hear the amendment ob-
jected to on the opposite side of the Chamber,
because the opponents of the measure desired, of
course, to make it ^.impracticable as possible.
But he confessed thetyfevas surprised to hear the
amendment opposed wtt- his side of the House.
The amendment was essential to the convenient
operation of the law, both as regarded the Govern-
ment and the public creditor.
Mr. CALHOUN briefly stated his reasons for
voting for the amendment. All agreed that the
issue of treasury notes was indispensably neces-
sary. The point of disagreement was very trifling,
and involved no principle whatever. The amend-
ment was proper, because it would conveniently
aid the efficacious operation of the measure, and
the Secretary of the Treasury was to be held re-
sponsible for any abuse. It was necessary, in order
to prevent a serious and injurious disturbance of
the specie currency, in the present peculiar circum-
stances of the country. Gentlemen were aware
the responsibilities of the war now devolved on all
sides. He had supposed that that war might have
been averted by negotiation. But he had not had
time to examine the case when action was forced
upon him, and but one course was left—to sustain
the country. The great object now was to carry
itfon efficiently, and bring it to a close as soon as
possible.
The amendment was finally rejected; yeas 12,
nays 40.
The remaining amendments of the Finance Com-
mittee were agreed to without a division.
Mr. CAMERON offered an amendment, requi-
ring the Secretaiy of the Treasury to publish a
statement of the amount of specie at the several
places of deposite, and of treasury notes or drafts is-
sued and the amount outstanding, at the close of
every month, in the papers of the city of Wash-
ington.
Agreed to without a division.
Mr. WESTCOTT moved an amendment, to pre-
vent any disbursing officer of the Government from
disposing of any treasury note, draft, or bill, for a
premium, without giving credit to the United States
for such premium in his accounts, under penalty
of dismissal from office.
Agreed to.
An amendment was adopted, on motion of Mr.
R. JOHNSON, authorizing the disbursing officers
of the'Government to pay the public creditors in
gold and silver coin, or in treasury notes, in case
the creditor should agree to take them.
Mr. SIMMONS offered an amendment, requiring
I such treasury drafts as were transmitted from the
department to disbursing officers or creditors to be
! endorsed as thus passed from hand to hand, and
! paid only to the last-named endorser, when pre-
i scnted at the depository on which drawn, who
! should give a receipt upon the back of the draft for
! the amount.
| Rejected: Ayes 15, noes 30.
Several verbal amendments were agreed to, and
the bill was then reported to the Senate.
The amendments were concurred in, en masse,
without a division.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading
without a division.
Mr. EVANS notified his intention of making
some remarks upon the bill to-morrow, and moved
that it have its third reading to-morrow at one
o'clock; which was agreed to.
On motion, at half-past four o'clock,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 30, 1840.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the special order of
the day, being the bill to establish a warehousing
system.
On motion of Mr. THURMAN, and by general
consent— .
The. bill from the Senate entitled "An act m re-
lation to the time of holding the circuit and district
courts of the United States in the district of Ohio,"
was taken up, put on its first and second reading,
and read a third time, and passed.
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, rose and said that he had a very in-
teresting report to make from that committee.
