1168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30.
And Mr. W. reported correct the ac.t. reducing
the duty on imports, and for dther purposes.
The bill received the signature of the Speaker.
Mr. THOMASSON asked leave to make a re-
port; which will be noticed hereafter.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLC-jasked leave to intro-
duce a bill. Objected to.£ • .
RATES OF POSTAGE.
On motion of Mr. HOPiCINS, the considera-
tion of the special order (the warehousing bill) was
postponed until to-morrow.
And the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Reid,
of North Carolina, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill to amend the act approved
the 3d of March, 1845, entitled "An act to reduce
the rates of postage, to limit the use and prevent
the abuse of the franking privilege, and for the
prevention of frauds on the revenues of the Post
Office Department."
The pending question was on the amendment of
Mr. Gordon to strike out the first section of the
bill; (which would leave the law as it is.)
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved to add to the
first section the following:
That the provision for prepayment of postage on letters
shall take etlect fiom anil alter the first uf Januaiy, 1CM7;
arid the Fostmastei Geneiul i  hereby nuthoiized to c<m«>
envelopes and ticket's to be piepa^ed, which shall be receiv-
able at any post otnee of the United States in lieu ot money.
And the forgery of any such enveloped or tickets shall be
deemed and taken to be a misdemeanor, and punishable as
such."
Negatived without a count.
Mr. JENKINS moved so to amend that the
single postage be charged on letters weighing half
an ounce instead of a quarter of an ounce, as pro-
vided in the bill. Negatived: Ayes 29, noes 83.
The second section was then taken up and read,
as follows:
<e Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That there shall be
charged foroach and evety newspaper conveyed in the mails
for the publishers thereof, and sent to &ub*ciibers oi poi-
sons lrgularly engaged in vending the same tor the puhlLh-
eis, fot the first one hundred miles, one cent; and tor any
distance over one hundred miles, two cents.
" And for each and every newspaper sent by others than
the pubh>hers theteof, and to others than subscribers, and
for every handbill, advertisement, or circular, printed or
lithographed, or any other printed or lithographed, matter,
sent through the mails without being sealed, there shall be
chiiiged and paid at the tune of the delivery of the same into
the post office, and befor^the same is sent in the mails, two
cent-;.
Each and eveiy newspaper, handbill, advertisement,
circular, or other punted oi hthogiaphed mattei, containing
any writing, marks °r signs, on the same, by which intelli-
gence is oi maybe conveyed, other than the address, or
wnich shall he deposited m the ollice sealed, thall be rated
with Setter postage.
" For punphlets, periodiqals, or magazines, for any diS-
tmce not exceeding one hundred miles," one cent per t-heet;
stud for any distance over one bundled miles, two cents per
sheet."
Mr. CUMMINS moved to insert the following,
to come in at the end of the first clause, after the
words " one cent;" which was negatived:
"Provided, That nothing in this section contained shall
be confined to prevent the publishers of new&papers from
sending said papers to their subscribers by mail to any dis-
tance not exceeding thirty miles fiee of po-tiig >, and to
receive their exchange papeis from other publishers, from
any distance, tree of postage."
Mr. McILVAINE moved to insert after the
words " first one hundred miles," these words:
" And to any point, exceeding one hundred miles, within
the State in which said paper shall be published."
Negatived.
Mi\ RATHBUN moved to strike out from the
second section these words, "for the first one hun-
dred miles;'5 and, also, the second clause, being
these words, " and for any distance over two hun-
dred miles, two cents." Ayes 73, noes 35—no
quorum. Another count: Ayes 87, noes 50—ear-
ned.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved to strike out the
first and second clauses of the section, so as to
have the section commencc with the third clause.
Negatived.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to insert, after the word
" publishers," these words:
"For the first one hundred miles or less from the place
where the same is published, one hall cent, and for eveiy
distance over one hundied miles, one cent.
Ayes 32, noes 33—notaquorum. Second count:
Ayes 39, noes 70—no quorum. Third count: Ayes
59, noes 58. Agreed to.
Mr. OWEN moved to strike out these words at
the close of the second section: " not exceeding
one hundred miles;" also, these worjls, " and for
any distance over one hundred miles, two cents
per sheet;" so that the clause shall read, " for
pamphlets, periodicals, or magazines, for any dis-
tance, one cent per sheet."
Agreed to.
Mr. NORRIS moved to insert in the second sec-
tion, at the end of the tlurd clause, this proviso;
which was negatived:
" Provided, That nothing in this act shall be construed to
prohibit the transportation of newspapers out of the mail,
and all laws prohibiting such transmission are hereby re-
repealed."
Mr. RATHBUN moved to strike out "two
cents," at the end of the third clause of the second
section, and to insert " five cents." Negatived.
Mr. HAMLIN renewed the motion at " three
cents."
Agreed to: Ayes 73, noes 45.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved to add to the first
clause of the second section the following:
" PiovUcd, That all newspapers winch are not conveyed
over thirty nrles, stud within the county wheie they are pub-
lished, shall be transported free of postage."
Agreed to: Ayes 60, noes 58.
The third section was read as follows:
"Sf.c. 3. And be it further enacted, That a newspaper
shall b : taken to be one sheet of punted matter, containing
intelligence of passing event-, ot not more than nineteen
hundied supertici.il square inches; and all other publica-
tions, punted, or lithographed, or engraved, folded, stitched,
or covered, shall be taken to be a pamphlet, magazine, or
periodical, and rated with postage as such; and that the
distances, as mentioned in the piecodirigsections of tins bill,
shall be estimated by the loute ovei which letters, news-
papers, &c. sire actually transposed in the mails; and that
from and after the nr->t day of January, eighteen hundred
and foity-scven, the postag-"* on all printed mattei parsing
through the mails shall he prepaid at the olhce in which the
same'is deposited, and betore the same shall be tiansnntted
by mail.55
Mr. RATHBUN moved to strike out the latter
clause of the section, commencing with the words
"and that such distances as mentioned," &c.
Negatived^
The fourth section was read, and is as follows:
" Sac. 4. And be it further eii'tcied, That in heu of the com-
missions now allowed by law to deputy postmasters, the
Postmaster General he, and he is hereby, authorized to allow
each postmaster such commissions as shall be adequate to
his services and expenses, not exceeding the following rates
on the amount received in any one year, or the due piopor-
tion of such rates lor any period less than a year, to wit:
" On a sum not exceeding one hundred dollars, forty per
centum.
"On a sum over one hundred dollars and not exceeding
four hundwd doliais, tlurtv pei centum.
" On a sum over four hundied dollais and not exceeding
two thousand lour hundied dollais,twenty-five pei centum.
" On'any sum over two thousand four hundied dollars,
twelve per centum.
" And on all sums arising from the postage on newspapers,
magazines, and pamphlets, ill'ty per centum.
" And on the amount of postage on letters and packet* re-
ceived for distribution, seven per centum: Provided, That !
all allowances, commissions, and other emoluments, shall ]
bu subject to the piovisions ot the r'oitv-first section of the j
act passed the third or Maicti, eighteen hundred and forty- j
five, and that the annual compensation therein limited shall '
be computed for the fiscal year commencing on tho first of i
July and ending on the thirtieth of June ; and that for any '
peiiod less than a \eat the restrictions contained in said sec- '
tiou shah he held to upplj, m due piopurtion, for such fiac- ,
tional peuod; and tha: tin; several deputypo<-tunistus,fiom |
and alter the pa^nge of tin* act, ^hall have the ptivilege of j
receiving through tile mails fieo anyletter or packet, not ex- !
ceedmg two ounc< s in weight, addre-sed to them, and also j
one daily paper, or its equivalent ;«ind may send fiee through i
the mails any lettei or packer on the business ot theii respec- J
tive offices, or of the Post Oihce. Depaitirient.55 I
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, sundry amend- j
ments were made to this scction. I
Mr. SEABORN JONES moved to reduce
franking privilege of deputy postmasters from tw*
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Alabama, moved to in-
crease the per centage to postmasters on sums not
cxcecding one hundred dollars from forty to fifty
per cent. Negatived.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to strike out all that part
of the section giving the franking privilege to
deputy postmasters.
The question was put, and a quorum did not
vote.
Another count was had, and it was negatived.
Here several amendments were moved, which,
from the noise and confusion in the Hall, we could
not hear or understand; and several questions hav-
ing been taken on which a quorum did not vote—
The committee was compelled to rise for want
of a quorum.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved that the Committee of
the Whole be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN moved that the-motion to dis-
charge be laid on the table. Negatived.
The question was then put on discharging the
Committee of the Whole, and it passed in the af-
firmative.
Mr. HOPKINS, chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, said that, in con-
sequence of sundry amendments which had been
made to the bill in Committee of the Whole, some
of them of a very incongruous nature, he had
decided to offer a substitute for the whole bill; the
particular provisions of which he then went on to
detail. After which he sent it to the table, where
it was read.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to amend the substitute
by inserting a provision to authorize a postmaster
to advertise in such newspapers as he may select,
without reference to circulation or number of sub-
scribers, in or out of the place whefePthe post office
is kept.
Mr. HOPKINS said, there was such diversity
of opinion as to the details of the bill, that it was
impossible to form a bill, from disjointed and con-
flicting propositions or amendments, which would
be congruous in itself. He therefore felt con-
strained, for the purpose of endeavoring to set
aside the flood of amendments which he perceived
was about to be poured in, to move the previous
question, and thus to risk the fate of the measure
in the form in which he had presented it.
Mr. OWEN inquired as to what would be the
operation of the previous question, if it should
be ordered ? Would it be first on the amend-
ments made to the original bill in Committee of the
Whole, and-then on the substitute?
The SPEAKER [Mr. Davis] said it would be
first on the amendment moved by Mr. Hamlin to
the substitute, and then on the substitute. If that
were lost, then on the amendments of the Commit-
tee of the Whole to the original bill.
Mr. RATHBUN moved that the whole subject
be laid on the table; and asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. J. Q,. Adams, Arnold, Blanchard,
Buffington, W. W. Campbell, J. H Campbell, Carroll, J. G.
Chapman, Chipman, Collin, Culver. Cummins, De Mott,
l)i*on, Dunlap, Eds a 11, ElKwotth, Erdman, Foot, Poster,
Gtddings, Goodyear, Gordon, Grinneli, Giover, Hamlin,
Hampton, Harper, Elias B. Holmes, Hough, Samuel D. Hub-
bard, Hudson, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B.
Hunt, Joseph R. Inger-oll, Jenkins. James H. Johnson,
Joseph Johnson, Daniel P. King, Thomas B. King, Law-
rence, 3>ib, Lewis, Levin. Long. Ma< lay, MeClelland, Mc-
Ciate, McGauahey, Mcflvaine,' Marsh, Miller, Motley,
Niven, Norn-, Pendleton. Peiry, Poih.ck, Ramsey, Rathbun,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell. Root, Rank, Sawtelle,
Scammon, Sehenck. Seam in, Severance, Truman Smith,
Albert Smith, Caleb"B. Smith, Stewart, Suohm, Strong,
Thihodeaux, Benjamin Thompson, Thurman, Tildon, Vin-
ton, Wheaton, White, Williams, Winthrop, Wood, Wood-
jutr—S6.
NAYS—Messrs. S. Adams, Barringer, Bayly, Bcdinger,
Bell. Benton, Biggs. James A. Black. Bowhn, Bojd, Brink-
eihoff, Brouhead, Milton Blown, William G. Biown, Burt,
Cnthcait, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Cha>e,
Claike, Cocke, Constable, Cranston, Orozicr, Cullom, Cun-
nniahain, Daniel, Gariett Davis, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dock-
ciy, Dromgoole, John H. Ewmg, Faran, Fickhn, Fri"s, Gar-
vin, Giles,"Graham, Grid 'r, Haralson, Hannanson. Hdhard,
Huge, Isaac E. Holme>, Hopkins, G. S. Houston, Edmund
W. Hubard, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, Seaborn Jones.,
Kaufman, L"ake, Ligon, Lumpkin. MeClean, McClernand,
■ IVIcConnell, Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell. McKay,
J. P. Mai tin. Barkley Martin, Morris, Owen, Panislu Pernil,
Pettit, Phelps, PilMrarv, Reid, Relfe, Rliett, Hitter. Roberts,
Sawyer. Seddon. Alexander D. Sim?-. Leonard H. Sims,
Simpson, Thomas Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, St. John,
Svkes, Thomasson, J. Thompson, Tibbatts, Toombs, Towns,
Trodwaj, Tiumbo, Wentvvorth, Wick, and Woodward—97.
So the whole subject was not laid on the table.
The question then recurring on the demand for
the previous question, there was a second.
And the mam question (first on the amendment
of Mr. Hamlij?) was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. WINTHROP asked the }'eas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs Stephen Adams. Anderson, Bayly, Ben-
ton, Bigjs, James- A. Black, Bowlin, Boyd. Brmkerfaoff,
William G. Brown, Burt, Chase, Chipman^ Clarke, Collin,
Cunmun*, Cunningham, DamH, Dt- Mott, Dobbin. Drom-
goole, Dunlap, Edsall. Ellsworth, Erdman, Faran, Fries,
Garvin, Goodyear, Goidon. Grover, Hamh'n, Harnianson,
' j Hoge, Isaac E Holmes, Hough, Geotge S. Houston, Edmund
j W. Hubaid, Hungerford, James R. Hunt, Jenkins, James-- H.
I; Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew John.-on, Seaborn Jones,
Kaufman, Lawrence, La Sere, Ligon, MeClean, McCler-
• j i!.md, McConnell, MeCrate. Joseph J. McDowell, McKay,
: Barkley Maitm, Morns, Niven, Norris, Pamsh, Payne,
1 Perrill, Phelps, Pillsbuiy, Rath bun, Reid, ReU'e, RUett
1 Hitter, Roberts, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Alexander D
