1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1178
Iaw<* imposing duties on imports, and for other purposes,
approved the thirtieth day of August, one thousand eight
hundred and forty-two, is hereby amended so as hereafter
to reatl a* follows:
[Sec. 32.] Jlnd be it further enacted, That on and after the
day this aci goes into "operation the duties on all imported
goods, wares, or merchandise, shall be paid in eatli: Pro-
vided,> That in all cajes of failure or neglect to pay the duties
within the period allowed by law to the importer to make
entry thereof, or whenevei the owner, importer, or consignee,
shall make entry for warehousing the same m writing, m
such form, and supported by such proof, as shall be pie-
scilbed by the Sectotaryof the Treasury, the said goods,
wares, or merchandise, thall be taken possession of by the
collector, and deposited in the public stores, or m other
stores to be agreed ou by the collector or chief revenue
officer of the port and the impoiter, owner, or consignee,
the said stores to be secured in the manner provided for
by the first s« etion of the act of the twentieth day of April,
one thousand eight hundred and eighteen, entitled "An
act pioviding for the deposite of wines and distilled spirits
in public warehouses, and for other purposes," there to
be kept with due and reasonable care, at the charge and
risk of the owner, importer, consignee, or agent, and sub-
ject at all ames to their order upon the payment of the
proper duties and expenses, to be ascertained on due entiy
thereof for warehousing, and to be sccured by bond of the
owner, importer, or con&ignee, with sprety or sureties to j
the satisfaction of the collector, m double the amount of
the said duties, and in Mich form as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall prescribe: Proiid&fl, That no merchandise
shall be withdrawn from any warehouse in which it maybe
deposited, in a le.ss quantity than in an entire package, bale,
cask, or box, unless in bulk, nor shall merchandise so im-
ported in bulk be delivered except in the whole quantity of
each pared, or in a quantity not less than one tori weight,
unless by special authority of the Secretary of the Treasury.
And in case the owner, importer, consignee, or agent of any
goods on which the duties have not been paid, shall give
to the collector satisfactory security that the said goods
&ha!l be landed out ot the jurisdiction of the United States,
in the maimer now required by existing laws rehiring to ex-
portation s for the benefit of drawback, the collector and
naval officer, if any, on an entry toieexport the same, shall,
upon payment of the appropriate expenses, peimit the said
goods, under the inspection of the proper officers, to be j
shipped without the payment of any duties thereon. And j
in case any goods, wares, or meichandise, deposited as afore- !
said, shall remain in public store beyond one year, without i
payment of the duties and charges thereon, then said goods, I
wares, or merchandise, shall be appraised by the appraise) s 1
of the United States, if there be any at such port, and if
none, then by two merchants to be designated and sworn by
the collector for that purpose, and sold by the collector at
public auction, ondue public notice thereof being first given.
In the manner and for the time to be prescribed by a general
regulation of the Treasury Department; and at said pubhc
sale distinct printed catalogues descriptive of said goods,
with the appraised value affixed thereto, shall be distributed
among the persons present at said sale; and a reasonable
opportunity shall be given before such sale, to persons
devious of purchasing, to inspect the quality of such
goods ; and the proceeds of said ^ales, after deducting the
usual rate of storage at the port in question, with all other
charges and expense?, including duties, shall be paid over
to the owner, importer, consignee, or agent, and proper re-
ceipts taken for the same : Provided, That the overplus, if
any there be, of the proceeds of &ucli sales, after the pay-
ment of storage, charges, expenses, and duties as afore-
said. remaining unclaimed for the space of ten davs after
such saies, shall bo paid by the collector into the treasury
of the United States ; and the ?aid collector shall trans-nut
tn the Treasury Department with the said overplus, a copy
of the inventory? appraisement, and account of sales, speci-
fying the marks,' numbers, and descriptions of the packages
goods shall be fraudulently concealed in, or removed from,
any public or private warehouse, the same shall be forfeited
to the United States; and all persons convicted of fraudu-
lently concealing or removing such goods, or of aiding or
abetting such concealment or removal, shall be liable to the
same penalties which are now imposed for the fraudulent
intioduetion of goods into the United States; and if any im-
porter or proprietor of any warehoused goods, or any person
in his employ, shall by any contrivance fraudulently open
the warehouse, or shall gain access to the goods, cxccpt in the
presence of the proper officer of the customs, acting in the
execution of his duty, such importer or proprietor shall for-
feit and pay, for every such offence, one thousand dollars.
And any person convicted of altering, defacing, or obliter-
ating any mark or marks which have been placed by any
officer of the revenue on any package or packages of ware-
housed goods, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence,
five hundted dollars.
Sec. 4. J3.nd be it further enacted, That the collectors of
the several ports of the United States shall make quarterly
reports to the Secretary of the Treasury, accoiding to such
general instructions as the said Secretary may give, of all
goods which remain m the warehouses of their respective
ports, specifying the quantity and description of the same;
which returns, or tables formed thereon, the Secretary of
the Treasury shall forthwith cause to be published m the
principal papers of the city of Washington.
Sec. 5. Jhid be xt further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and lie is hereby, authonzed to make, from
time to time, such regulations, not inconsistent with the
laws of the United States, as may be necessary to give full
effect to the provisions of this act, and secure a just account-
ability under the same; and it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary to report such regulations to each succeeding session
of Congress.
The bill, having been read through, was taken
up by sections.
And the first section having been read,
Mr. HILLIARD moved to strike out all after
the enacting clause thereof.
Mr. H. said the subject was one to which b® had
given some thought; and he was ready to confess
that his inclination had hitherto been to support
some measure of this character; not this identical
measure, however, for he thought there were seri-
ous objections to it. More mature reflection, and
a closc observation of the course of legislation here,
had brought him to the determination to vote against
the adoption of the scheme, at all events during the
present session of Congress.
He had two reasons for this course. He thought
that the Government would want immediately all
the revenue which could be raised from duties on
imports. It was obvious that this bill would greatly
lessen the revenue to be thus derived. Engaged as
we were in an expensive war—having just passed
a new tariff bill reducing the rates of duties—if,
upon the back of that, the present measure was
adopted, it was manifest that our revenue would be
materially lessened.
He had another objection to the bill. He be-
lieved that a sudden reduction of the duties on im-
ports would cause the manufacturing interests of
the country to undergo a severe ordeal. It was
unlike the reduction which took place under the
Compromise act. That was a gradual, this a sud-
wu;their content-, amT appr^ed value, the nam- of the den change; and he, for his part was not willing
vessel and master in which, and of the port or place whence ;; to lend his aid to any measure which might bring
they were imported, and the time when, and the name of the still greater calamities upon those interests than
person or persons to whom >aiil goods were consigned in the i ■ ^ must necessarily bear.
manifest, and the dutie? and charges to which the several n JJ . „ exD]anation of his
consignments were respectively subject; and the receipt or : .Ml. hi. then passed into an exp anauon 01 111s
certificate of the collector sbiili exonerate tHe master or per- ;> views on tile tariff system generally, vindicating
son having charge or command of any ship or vessel, in which , j jjjg recent course and vote thereon; and expressing
said goods, wares, or merchandise, were imported, fiom all j] , oninion he had always entertained, that the
claim of the owner or owners thereof, who shall nevertbe- n 1 nmlpr the peculiar circumstances of
less on due proof of their interest, be entitled to receive Ij tariff of 1B4^, under the peculiar circumstances 01
from the treasury the amount of any overplus paid into the ;; its adoption, was a patriotic measure, but a tem-
same under the"provisions of this act: Provided, That so ;i ,,jorarl, one,needing revision, and containing many
much of the fifty-sixth section of the general collection law ; featureg tjjat were objectionable.
of the second of March, seventeen hundred and ninety- . I _____
nine, and the thirteenth section ot the act of the thirtieth of ;
August, eighteen hundred and forty-two, to provide revenue ,, 0f Pennsylvania
from imports, and to change and modify existing laws impo- .;
sing duties oh import*, and foi other purposes, as conflicts !;
with the provisions of this act. shall he, and is hereby, repeal- >,
ed, excepting that nothing contained in this act shall he con-
strued to extend the time now prescnbt-d by law lor selling p
unclaimed goods : Provided, aho. That all goods of a perish- ,
able nature", and all gunpowder, fire-crackers, ana explosive |
subftanees, deposited as aforesaid, shall be sold forthwith.
K  a ,1 Z./, .£•# T-Iih!
Mr. H. yielded for explanation to Mr. EWINGr,
THE TARIFF BILL.
The SPEAKER resumed the Chair informally
to receive a message from the President oi the
United States,by the hands of J.K. Walker, Esq.,
his private secretary, informing the House that the
''sB7:h7k7i nrfMer'enactk, Tl.al any goods, when ji President had approved and signed certain bills,
deposited in the public stores in the maimer provided for in j: ancj ? amongst others, the bill to reduce the duty on
the foregoing section, may he !' imports and for other purposes.
| THE WAREHOUSE SYSTEM.
[ The Chairman then resumed his scat in com-
mittee
lreu«,,  comae me       - , I Mr. TRUMAN SMITH obtained the floor, and
them, for the deposite of stieli goods in store in the ; i. addressed the committee 111 reply to remarks ot the
transported to anv other port of entry, under the restrictions :
piovided lor m the act of the 2d March, 1789, in respect to
the transportation of good-s, wares, and merchandise, from ;
one collection di-trict to another, to be exported with the
benefit of drawback; and the owner of such goods™ to be ;
withdrawn for transportation shall give his bond with sum- ;
cient sureties, in double the amount of the duties charge-
ojjlg on *-- ..
port of entry to wliieh thev shall be destined, &uch bond to be
cancelled when the gootte *haltbe re-df ported in store in the
collection district to which they shall be transported: Pro-
itided That nothing contained in this section shall be con-
strued to extend the time during which goods may be kept
in ^tore afrer thfir original importation and entry beyond
the term of one year. ,
Sec. 2. Jind be il further enacted, That if any warehoused
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hilliard,] and in
| Vindication of the tariff of 1842, from the charge
1 which (he said) that gentleman had made against
' it of being an immature, hasty, and inconsiderate
1 measure.
I Mr. S. then went mto some general remarks on
the operation of the tariff system generally, and
incidentally in opposition to the bill before the
committee.
Mr. BAYLY, with no intention (he said) long
to occupy the attention of the committee, and with-
out any previous design of speaking at all, briefly
proceeded in reply to Mr. Smith, and to remarks
thrown out in the other branch of Congress, to
compare the circumstances under which the tariffs
of 1842 and 1846 were passed respectively, show-
ing that the latter stood in favorable contrast in re-
gard to the thorough ordeal of deliberation and
discussion which it underwent in both Houses of
Congress.
He referred to the deliberate notice we had had
in the Senate, and from the Whig organs through-
out the country, of a panic that is to be gotten up
on the subject of the tariff. There were many per-
sons in his vicinity, and thioughout his State,
largely interested in manufacturing establishments.
To them he wished to address a word of advice.
He called upon them to take themselves out of the
hands of politicians; and said he must have been
very inattentive to the history of the times who
did not see that this protective system has had its
day. Did gentlemen expect to change this policy?
What prospect had tliey of restoring the protective
system at any time? The history of the past few
years plainly showed that there was no disposition
on the part of the great South and Southwest to
alter this system. In the teeming West, the pro-
gress of free principles had been most rapid and
constant. As to the middle States, they had gene-
rally gone in opposition to them at this time; they
could, therefore, lookfor no benefit from a change
there. He therefore concluded that they were not
to look ultimately to the establishment of this
system.
But if he was wrong, and a change was ulti-
mately to take place, it must be long before it
would be effected. He examined the probability
of any repealing law passing this Congress at its
next session. Gentlemen need flatter themselves
with no idea that there would be enough members
in the House at the next session to take the back
track to accomplish it. As to the Senate, he would
pledge himself for one State, that, before a bill
could go from this House to the other, the most
mandatory instructions would come up to one of
their Senators to vote against any repeal of the
law just passed. But suppose they succeeded, so
far as Congress was concerned, in their attempt to
resuscitate the protective principle of the act of
1842, or those similar to it, what hope had they
that the third department of the Government would
ever allow it to become a law ? The President of
the United States had taken the ground, that a
tariff levied for protection, was in violation of the
Constitution of the United States ; and what mem-
ber here, who had been at all attentive to the course
of the Executive, could for a moment believe that
he would allow it to pass into a law during his
Administration? It never could become a law;
there was no chance. And he begged these man-
ufacturers to look at the matter as business men,
and not take the advice of selfish politicians, who
are operating for mere political and personal ends.
He next glanced at the prospect of any action of
the kind in the next Congress. In the Senate they
would see a Republican occupying the place of a
! present Whig from each of the States of Virginia,
i Michigan, and Maine, making a change of six
| votes; which, taken in connexion with the four
i votes from the two new States of Wisconsin and
1 Iowa, would make ten votes more in that body
I against this restrictive system. . But he showed
i that the protection afforded by this bill was 50 per
; cent., viz: 30 per cent, duty, about 7| transporta-
tion, and 124 merchants' profits. If manufactures
i could not live under this protection, the country
: evidently was not ripe for their introduction. But
! in proof that it was sufficient duty, he referred to
1 the reduction of duties under the Compromise act,
coming down, after June, 1842, to 20 per cent., the
denunciations of Mr. Webster and Mr. Davis
against all attempts to repeal it, and especially to
the fact, that under the existence of that act, and
with no better prospect before them than it held
out, nearly one-half of the manufacturing estab-
lishments in the country came into existence.
From these facts he concluded that this panic
which might be got up might derange business,
might inflict some injury upon the country; but it
would produce no more eftect, as far as changing
