1176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 1,
the possibility of a loan as the fact itself. In the j
certain prospect that their specie will be called for, j
to be locked up in Government -vaults even for a
short time, will induce the banks to curtail their
discounts, and must be productive of very great
embarrassment, both public and private.
I say in all seriousness that this should be en-
titled " A bill to embarrass the treasury in the dis-
bursement of the public money." Here will be
both the tariff and the sub-treasury coming- into
practical operation at one time. Is not one of them
enough to cope with at once ? Then we are under
the pressure of a public war—a war of which none
can see the end; and it is under these circumstances
that we have ventured upon an entire change in the
collection of revenue, and adopted a system wholly
untried. Is it necessary, on the top of this, to
introduce another new and untried system in the
disbursement of our revenue? Must we have more
experiments? Anew system of collection and a
new system of disbursement? Is this prudent?
But as I promised when I rose to detain the
Senate but for a few minutes, I will not do more
than put a question or two to gentlemen on the
other side.
Will any man say that the public moneys are
now unsafe? Does any man apprehend that they
are likely to be lost? [After a pause.] Nobody
will say so.
I put to gentlemen another question. Is there
any gentleman here who will say that he believes
that this law will give any new facilities to the
Government? [Mr. W. here paused again.] If
there is, I should like to hear his voice. I shall be
greatly obliged to him to say so now, and not to
answer the interrogatory only by crying " ay" on
the passage of this bill. I greatly fear that I shall
not hear any other affirmative icply. I doubt if
there is one gentleman who will or can answer
either of these questions in the affirmative. On the
contrary, I leave it to those who are connected with
the Administration, and who, from their position,
live in habits of daily intercourse with those who
conduct the Government, to say whether it is not
their own candid opinion that this bill—Admin-
istration bill though it be—will not prove a help,
but rather a hinderance to them in the administra-
tion of our fiscal concerns ?
The operation of this law on the commercial
community, its strange un-American character,
have been so fully exposed by the honorable Sen-
ators from Maine and Connecticut [Mr. Evans and
Mr. Huntington] that I will not now enter on
that part of the subject. I frankly confess that I
never did expect that this sub-treasury scheme
would ever be revived. 1 had heard of u Polk,
Dallas, and the tariff of '42," but I really never did
expect to hear of " Polk, Dallas, and the old dead
sub-treasury."
I would move to postpone the further consid-
eration of this bill to the next Congress but that I
do not wish to be voted down. I will therefore
simply throw out the suggestion that it will be for
the advantage, both of the Government and the
people, that it should be so postponed.
Mr. NILES addressed the Senate in favor of
the bill; and the debate was further continued by
Messrs. EVANS, HUNTINGTON, and SIM-
MONS, against it.
Mr. CALHOUN said he had formerly expressed
his opinion on this subject, and it was sufficient
now to say that his opinion remained unchanged.
When he was up befoie he had fully expressed
his views; time and reflection had only confirmed
them. He was fully aware that it was at all times
a very delicate process to separate the Government
from the banks, and it was especially so in a time of
war. It was under that impression that he should
not have objected to the postponement of the pres-
ent bill if such had been the desire of his political
friends; but such was not their desire, and he be-
lieved that, in time of war, the process might be
gone through with. It was under this impression
that his friends had thought proper, contrary to
his views, to put a restriction on the use of treas-
ury drafts. He thought that was hazardous, even
in time of peace; it was still more so in war; it
must increase the difficulty greatly; yet he trusted
the measure would go into effect. As he was en-
tirely sincere in believing that the bill, if it became
a law, would prove a great benefit to the country,
and especially to the manufacturing interest, by
preventing those expansions of bank issues whicn
had always proved so injurious and ruinous to the
country, he regretted that a just public opinion in
regard to it should be put in peril. If the present
war should continue for any time, he did not doubt
the Government would be brought into great pe-
cuniary difficulty, because we had not made the
requisite previous financial preparations. Hence
there must be great additional expense, and he
feared that this would not be attributed to its
proper cause, but that the odium would be cast
where it was not deserved. Seeing that this meas-
ure had been recommended by the President of the
United States, he was more especially anxious to
avoid a war, and peculiarly so at this time, because
he knew it must have an injurious bearing on these
important measures. Under this impression, he
had done what he believed to be his duty towards
avoiding both the Oregon and the Mexican war. It
now remained for him to do his duty in regard to
this bill. He wished that it should be put into
operation in the best practicable mode, and he still
hoped that it would go through successfully. Un-
der these impressions, he should cheerfully give
his vote for this bill. He trusted the war would
be brought to as speedy a termination as the honor
of the country would admit, and if that should be
the case, he had no fears of any reaction.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said that this sub-treasury
scheme was an old acquaintance m the Senate.
The principle, that the Government must take care
of itself, and leave the people to take care of them-
selves, had been announced a good while ago, and
that was precisely the principle of this bill. The
maxim, in political economy, had been laid down
by the President who first introduced this notable
plan. He said that the people were m the habit
of expecting too much from the Government; that
it was the duty of the Government to take care of
itself, and that the people must take care of them-
selves. This maxim had introduced the old sub-
treasury bili, and after a severe struggle that bill
became a law. And what was the consequence >
The people, feeling its' practical effect, adopted a
mode of taking care of themselves which was the
most effectual that could have been devised. They
turned out the whole Administration, from the
President downward. Now, said Mr. C.,Ihad
hoped that a lesson like this would have been re-
membered, for that was the only sensible conse-
quence that I ever knew to grow out of this sub-
treasury scheme. The Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] has recently brought to light an-
other admirable use of it, to which I was n stranger,
and that was, that it enabled us to pay the poor
Indians their annuities in depreciated funds. I
think it will be admitted, that if any measure ever
was rejected by the American people, it is this
very sub-treasury scheme. I do not call it the inde-
pendent treasury; I call it the sub-treasury; and I
want its old name retained, that the people may
know that it is the same thing which was forced
upon their necks once before, and which they very
quickly broke to fragments. The object of this
bill, in technical language, in cabalistic phraseol-
ogy, is, to " divorce the Government from the
banks." Its true object is, to divorce the people
from their Government. When this was tried the
last time, the people did not bear it very well, and
the result was, that the Government was divorced
from the people! And I really must say, that I cannot
but admire the courage and perseverance of gentle-
men in bringing forward the scheme again. Theie
is, however, I think, some little tremulousness. I
think I can see a slight wavering; but I do not wish
to detract from the exalted reputation of gentle-
men for moral courage. It is certainly very great,
and if they choose to dare their fate, why, be it so.
I The people have already given judgment on this
t bill; if they have a mmd to try it again, let them
' take the consequences. If experience will not
■ i teach them, it is vain to try any other argument.
If argument could have deterred them, sure I am
that they would have been deterred, for argument
has been used with unanswerable force. Yet their
measure seems to bear a charmed life. It is the
result of a party pledge. The Baltimore Conven-
tion announced, to the world that such a law was
to be enacted, and I suppose the deed must be
done. Now, political life is not very apt to make
saints, but it has made a great many prophets; and
it seems to me that one in the least gifted with
prophctic vision may very safely prcdict, that the
consequence of this, and of its kindred measures,
will be now what it was in 3840. Gentlemen arc
rushing on their fate—bravely, I acknowledge.
They confront danger, and bid defiance to death.
It is well. Let them go on, and renew those dis-
tresses which the country has not yet forgotten,
and the decision of the country will be what it was
then. The people will divorce them in short or-
der. If it is divorce that you want, I venture to
predict your entire gratification. .
Why, sir, nothing was ever more ridiculous or
contemptible than such a- bill as this. The Sena-
tor from Maine [Mr. Evans] was very anxious to
be informed what was the legal condition of the
public money when it was out of their vaults and
safes, which this bill declares to be the Treasury
of the United States. And there seems but one
way of providing an answer for his question; and
that is, to declarc that all the railroad cars, and all
the steamboats, big and little, in which any of the
public money is transported, are also the Treasury
of the United States. If the local presence of pub-
lic money can make them the Treasury, they cer-
tainly are as fully entitled to be so called as any
safes or vaults which you can build.
It seems to me that, beside all the other effects
of this bili which have, been pointed out, one result
of it will be that more 8*an one-third of all the gold
and silver in the country must pass through the
hands of the Government on our Atlantic border.
What will be the consequence of this ? The ob-
vious consequence must be, that in that district of
the country will be the great demand for specie,
and thither the specie must go to meet that de-
mand. It will speedily vanish from all the inte-
rior; not an eagle will remain there; they will ail
have taken wing for the Atlantic shores. How
will our part of the country relieve itself from this
scarcity of the precious metals? I cannot see; for,
the cause being permanent, the drain will be as
constant as the flow of our great waters.
And, besides this, the public money in large
amounts must remain shut up and totally useless.
The Secretary of the Treasury says that the Gov-
ernment must always have four or five millions
reserved in the Treasury to meet contingencies.
What more? We know that the disbursements
will not always exactly correspond with the col-
lections. We have authorized the Government to
issue twelve millions in treasury notes. They will
help to augment the deposites m the treasury, and
even by Government drafts the sum will be aug-
mented to the utmost extent, as far as those drafts
can be used. It is not, therefore, vmsafe to say
that there will be not less than ten or twelve mil-
lions locked up in the sub-treasury. There may
be vastly more; there cannot well be much less.
However, I will not go into the matter further. It
is an old subject, and one well understood. The
bill must pass; there must be an upper as well as
a nether millstone, or there can be no grinding.
We have the tariff; we are to have the sub-treas-
ury. All we can do is, to give the people warning
that this is coming upon them, and then to shelter
ourselves till the people shall decide whether the
divorce of the people from the Government shall
or shall not be answered by a divorce of the Gov-
ernment from the people.
The question was now taken on the passage of
the bill, when it was decided by yeas and nays as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton. Breese. JBnght, Calhoun, Cameron, Cass. Chal-
meis, Dickinson, Dix, Fan field, Haniiegaii, Houston, Lewis,
Niles, Pennybaeker,R.usk, Semple, Sevier, Speight, Stur-
geon. Turney. Westeott, and Yuiee—26.
! NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien. Ciiley, John
j M. Clayton, Thomas Clapton, Corwm, Crittenden, Davis,
Dayton, Evans, Greene, Huntington, Jarnagm, Johnson of
] Louisiana, Johnson of Maryland, Mansum, Miller, More-
' head, Pearce, Phelps, Simmons, Upham, Webster, and
; "Woodbridge—25.
j So the bill was passed.
Mr. BREESE expressed the hope that the Sen-
; ate would now take up the graduation bill,
i Mr. LEWIS said it was very important that
i the appropriation bills should be disposed of; and
' he hoped that the naval appropriation bill would
1 be made the first business of the Senate.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. HANNEGAN expressed himself in favor
of taking up the private calendar. There were, he
said, a large number of private claims which should
have been disposed of long since, and now there
was a gieat probability that many of these honest
creditors of the Government, after having spent
eight months in the city, in many cases at an ex-
pense nearly equalling the amount of their claims*
