1178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S. Houston, S. D. Hubbard, Hungerford, James B. Hunt,
Jaine> H. Johnson, Daniel P. King, Preston King, Lewis,
Lumpkin?MacIny, McClean, McClelland,Mr-Ciate, McKay,
Barkiey Mai tin, Muier, Morns, Morse, Moulton, Owen,
Pamsii, Penill, Perry, Phelps. Ratlibun, Reid, Rliett, Ritter,
J. A. Rockwell, Sawyer, Seaiuuion, L. H. Suns, Simpson,
Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stanton,
Starkweather, Benjamin Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts,
Treiivvay, Wentworth, Wlieatoii, White, VViek, Williams,
and Young—74. w
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
THE WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution of Mr McClelland,
Mr. ASHMXJN called for its reading.
And tiic resolution having been again read,
Mr. ASHMUN moved to amend it, by providing
that the further consideration of the bill should be
postponed until the House should be informed
whether or not the President approved the river
and harbor bill.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in or-
der.
Mr. RATHBUN moved to amend the resolution
so as to substitute the hour of twelve for one.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.TXBBATTS desired to move an amend-
ment providing for the termination of debate 011 the
French spoliation bill.
The amendment was not in order.
The resolution, as amended, was then adopted.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Hopkins, of Virginia, 111
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill to amend an act entitled "An act to provide
revenue from imports, and to change and modify j
existing laws imposing duties on imports and for j
other purposes." i
Mr. J. G. CHAPMAN was entitled to the floor,
and went into a speech in vindication of the tariff
of 1842, and of tiie protective system generally.
He denied that the evil results attributed to that
law by its opponents had been realized, or that
there was any evidence of a desire on the part of
the people of the United States for a change m that
law. In the course of his remarks, he alluded to
the part which this absorbing question had been
made to play in the canvass which preceded the
election of the present Executive Magistrate, and
especially to the false impressions that had been
made on the people of Pennsylvania by the cry of
" Polk, Dallas, and the Tariff' of 1842."
Mr. McCLELLAND occupied the portion of
the hour remaining for debate in a reply to the ob-
jections of Mr. Smith, of Connecticut, to the ware-
housing system, and in a defence of its provisions
generally.
The hour of twelve having arrived, the committee
proceeded to vote.
Mr. SEAMAN moved that the committee rise,
with a view to move an extension of the time allow-
ed for debate. He said that his colleague who sat
near him [Mr. W. W. Campbell] and himself
were disposed to vote for the bill, and were desi-
rous that an opportunity should be afforded to ex-
press their views upon it, and he believed many
other members wished to do the same. He hoped,
therefore, that the committee would rise, and the
time fixed for closing debate be extended. j
Mr. WINTHROP said he united with his friend |
from New York in the motion he had made, and j
for the reason given. He was himself desirous j
to be heard on the subject, and to give his views j
on a measure involving consequences so grave j
and important to the trade and welfare of the j
country. !
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL also expressed \
his desire for an extension of the time allowed for j
debate, and to be peimitted to give his views upon !
the bill before the committee. The motion was '
negatived. 1
And the question recurred 011 Mr. Hillxard's i
motion, made yesterday, to strike out the first see- !
tion; when j
Mr. MILLIARD withdrew the motion. !
Mr. McCLEAN of Pennsylvania, moved to \
amend the bill by adding the following: '
<• Jlnd be it jurther enacted That from and after the 1st
December, 1640,111 lieu of the duties now imposed by law ^
on the aiticica heitinaiter mentioned, there shall be levied, i
collected, and paid, the following duties upon imports, that j
is to bay: i
"Ou non in bars, blooms, bolts pigs, iods, slabs, or i
other form not otherwise provided for, forty per ccnt.. ad i
valorem. j
Aug; 1,
" On castings or manufactures of iron, or of which iron is
a component material of chief value, fortv-flve per ccnt. ad
valorem.
" On coal, coke, and culm of coai, one hundred per cent.
ad valorem.
" On clothing, ready made, and wearing apparel of every
description, and on hats, boots, shoes, caps, and all other
articles worn by men, women, or children, made wholly or
in part by hand, fifty per cent, ad valorem.''
Mr. ASHMUN moved to amend the amendment
by adding the following:
"And that the new tariff act "passed at the present session
ot Congress be, and the same is hereby iepealed.;'
Lost: Ayes 64, noes 86.
The question recurred on Mr. McClean's
amendment.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved the following in place
thereof: L
"Tiiar the duties on eo^l, iron, and all manufactures of
iron or hemp, and on cotton and cotton-ba^mg, manufac-
tuied ol hemp, and all L-ubsUtut^a theietor, snail be and
remain tiic bame a  those established by the act of lfc-12,
with a reduction of thirty per cent, from the rates of said
act, for and duung the term of thiee yeaisirom and after tne
Istoi December luwt; and, after tnat time, an annual addi-
tional reduction of five per cent-, until tne eame is reduced
to tmrty per cent., anything herein or in any other act con-
tained, to the contrary notwithstanding."
Mr. FOSTER then moved the following, in
place of Mr. McClean's amendment:
u Jlnd be it further enacted, That the icdiietion of duty on
nnpoited 11011 and tiie manufdctuses of iron, eoaJ, coke, or
culm or coal., made by the act ofSJth July, 1M6, t-hall, in no
ca-e, fall more than tin 1 ty per cent, below the duty on those
articles imposed by the act of duth August, 1842."
Upon the presentation of each of the preceding
amendments, a question of order was raised as to
their ielevancy, and the Chairman in each case
decided that the amendments were m order. The
bill was intimately connected with the revenue
system; indeed, it was a part of the system; its
very title was to amend the act to provide revenue
from imports, and to change and modify existing
laws imposing duties 011 imports.
After Mr. Foster's amendment had been voted
upon—
Mr. SAWYER rose to a question of order. He
denied that this was a revenue bill. It simply
provided for the warehousing or stonng of goods,
and had no such affinity to the tariff of duties on
imports as to make it a proper vehicle or bill upon
which to move amendments to regulate the rate of
duties on importations from foreign countries.
The title was illusory, it was fallacious; it was not
descriptive of the bill, and he would now formally
object to any further amendments touching the
tariff of duties generally, or the duues on any arti-
cle or class of articles.
The CHAIRMAN decided against the point
raised, for the reasons before given.
Mr. SAWYER appealed; and the decision of
the Chair was sustained by the committee.
Mr. STEWART moved to add to Mr. Mc-
Clean's amendment the following, which was
negatived:
" On all wines and foieign distilled spirits there shall be a
duty of one hunuied per cent, ad vuLrcin."
The question was then put on Mr. McClean's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, moved the
following, which was negatived:
"Jlnd be it further enact c-I, Tii.it on and after the first day
of December ne.\t there shall be lewed on all tea and coiiee
imported into the United States a duty of twenty per cent.
ad valorem
Mr. BARRINGER moved to add to the bill the
following section, which was negatived:
«Jlnd be it fut ther enacted, That from and after the first
of Decembei next salt shall be dutyfree.55
Mr. WINTHROP moved to add the following ,
section, which was negatived: ;
"Jlnd be it, further enacted, That so much of the act of the :!
30th ot August, 184*2, and >0 much of the to nth section of ;!
the act of 3d March, 1645, as provide that two-and-a-half • |
per centum on all drawbacks Uiall be retained rbr the use of ! i
the Government, be, und tne same are hereb\, repealed.5' j
Mr. SEAMAN moved the following, to come
in at the close of the 3d section, which was nega-
tived: " ij
Jtrd be it further enacted. That no poods shall be ware- :
housed or admitted into or allowed to lemaiii m the public j
stoics, unices the importer. 01 other pvit-ons claiming to de- \
posite the ^ame 111 any warehouse, >i.all riut vp-tcitwn anv ij
invoice of said good* deposited with the collector of the ,1
poxi, what poition of said goods are intended for exports- 1 *
tion, and uiso what poition arc intended to be withdrawn !i
for consumption. And thatno coo-is shall be allowed to be ;1
withdiciwu from an\ warehouse for exportation or consump- ;i
tion, uniesss to specified as afoiesaid at the time of admit- h
ting the same to the warehouse; and that so much of all \ '<
former acts heretofore passed inconsistent herewith be, and
the same are hereby, repealed."
The bill having been gone through by sections-
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
strike out the whole bill, after the enacting-clause,
and to insert the following, which was fiegatived:
"That such provisions of the act passed (taring tfce pres-
ent session of Congress, entitled 4 An act to reduce the duties
on imports, and for other purposes/ as relates to the ware-
housing of goods or depositing the same in the public stores-
be, and the same are hereby, repealed. And that the laws
in force at the time of the passage of said act in lelauon to
the depositing of goods in the public stores be revived and
continued in force."
The committee then rose and reported the bill
without amendment.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved the previous ques-
tion; which was ordered.
And, under its operation, the question was put
by yeas and nays on ordering the bill to a third
reading, and it was carried in the affirmative, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
Bayly, Benton, Bigg, James A. Black, Bowhn, Boyd, Brink-
erhofi', Brockennrough, William G. Brown, Burt, "William
W. Campbell, Cathcart, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Cobb,CoJ1m, Culloin, Cummins,
Daniel, De Mott, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Ellsworth, Faran,
Fickiin, Frie^, Garvin, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Grinnell,
Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Harmanson, Henley, Hoge,
I«aac E. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, George S. Houston,
Edmund W. Hubard, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Hunter,
J. H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George
W. Jones, Kaufman, Preston King, Thomas Butler King,
Lawrence, La Sere, Ligon, Lumpkin, Maclay, MkClesiand,
McCleinand, McConnell, McCrate, Joseph J. McDowell,
James McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Barkiey Martin,
Miller, Morris, Morse, Moulton, Niven, Norris, Owen, Par-
rish, Payne, Perry, Phelps, Pillsbury, Eathbun, Reid, Relfe,
Rhett. Roberts, Sawtclle, Sawyer, Seauunoiij Seaman, Sed-
pon, Alex. D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas
bmith, Stanton, Starkweather, St. John, Strong, Jacob
Thompson, Thurman, Tihbatts, Towns, Tredway, Went-
worth, Wick, Williams, Winthrcp, Wood,Woodruff, Wood-
waid, Woodwortli, Yancey, and Yost—117.
NAYS—Messrs. John Quincy Adams, Arnold, Ashmun,
Bairmgcr, Bell, Brodliead, Buffi ogton, John H. Campbell,
Carroll, John G. Chapman, Cocke, Cranston, Crozier, Cul-
ver, Garrett Davis, Dixon, Edsall, Erdman, John H. Ewing,
Edwm H. Ewing, Foot, Foster, Gentry, Giddings, Graham,
Grider, Hampton, Hilliard, Elias B. Holmes, John W.
Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt,
Joseph R. Ingersoll, Daniel P. King, Leib, Lewis, Levin,
Long, McClean, IWcGaughey,McHenry,McIlvaine, Marsh,
Moseley, Pendleton, Pollock, Ramsey, Ritter, Julius Rock-
well, John A. Rockwell, Root, Hunk, Truman Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Strohm, Sykes, Thibo-
deaux, Thomaseon, Benjamin Thompson, James Thomp-
son, Tilden, Toombs, Trumbo, Vinton, Wheaton, White,
Wright, and Young—52.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading at this
time; and having been read a third time, and the
question being on its passage,
Mr. McCLELLAND demanded the previous
question.
There was a second. The main question was
ordered; and, being taken, the bill was passed.
The title was amended to read as follows:
An act to amend an act entitled "An act to provide revenue
from imports, and to change and modify existing laws im-
posing duties on imports, and for other purposes."
Mr. WEHTWORTH moved a reconsideration
of the vote by which the bill had been -passed, and
demanded the previous question; under the opera-
tion of which the vote was taken, and the motion
to reconsider was rejected.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the House proceed
to the consideration of Senate bills on the private
calendar; but waited the motion to enable
Mr. HUNGERFORD to report back, from the
Committee of Ways and Means, Senate bill No.
30, with amendments.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Daniel.
Mr. DROMGOOLE made an ineffectual attempt
to take up the bill relating to the Madison Papers.
A motion to adjourn was made, and rejected.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of Senate bills 011 the private calendar.
The following bills were read a third time, and
passed.
A resolution for the relief of Putney and Rid-
dle.
An act to provide for the final settlement of the
accounts of John Crowell, late agent of the Creek
Indians.
An act for the relief of Ebenezer Ballard.
An act for the relief of James Low.
Mr. C ATHCART, by leave, from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, to which was referred the
bill from the Senate entitled "An act for the relief
