1180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M. Clayton, Thomas Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden, Davis,
Dayton, JEvans, Greene, Huntington, Jarnagm, Johnson of
Maryland, Mangum, Miller, Morchead, Nilcs- Pearee,
Ph.elps, Simmons, and Upham—23.
The second amendment proposed by the Senate
was to strike out the second section of the bill as
amended by the Hou^e, which says " that the
' quantity of land whicirthe President of the Uni-
' ted States shall hereafter proclaim and offer for
' sale ill any one year shall not exceed three mil-
lions of acres," and to insert a clause in lieu
theieof, to the effect that, after the 1st December,
1846, all land offered for sale for fifteen years or
more on the 1st of December, 1851, shall then be
subject to graduation and entry, in like manner
and at like periods of five years; and that all pub-
lic lands which shall have been offered for sale for
fifteen years or more at the next succeeding period,
or any subsequent one, shall be subject in like i
manner to graduation and entry at like periods of j
five years, as they consecutively occur: Provided, i
That no one person, under the provisions of this |
act, shall be authorized to purchase more than one j
section at the lowest rate of fifty cents per acre. I
On this question the yeas and nays were demand- I
ed, and it was decided in the affirmative, as follows: 1
Aug. 3,
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atlieiton, Ba -
by, Benton, Breese, Blight, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Col-
quitt, J}ickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hannegan, Houston, John-
son of Louisiana, Johnson of Maiyland, Lewis, McDnffie,
Rusk, Semple, Se\ier, Speight, Ttlrney, Westeott, Wood-
bridge, and Yulee—29.
NAYS—Messis. Archer, Berrien, Cameron, Cillev, John
M. Clay ton, Thos. Clayton, Corwin, Dayton, Evans, Gi eene,
Huntington, Maneum, Miller, Morehead, Niles, Pearee,
Phelps, and Upham—18.
The amendment of Mr. Simmons was then offer-
ed, but it was decided in the negative: Yeas 22,
nays 26.
An amendment was offered by Mr. WEST-
COTT, but it did not prevail: Yeas 17, nays 22. j
After which the amendments were concurred in. i
Mr. EVANS moved to take up the bill to remit
the duty on certain railroad iron. '
The motion was advocated by Messrs. EVANS, I
BERRIEN, CALHOUN, and others, and opposed
by Messrs. DAYTON, MILLER, ALLEN, and :
others.
The question having been taken on the motion
of Mr. Evans, it was decided in the affirmative:
Yeas 16, nays 13.
The bill was then passed.
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States.]
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, the Senate proceeded
as in committee of the whole to the consideration
of the "Bill making appropriations for the civil !i this'
and diplomatic expenses of Government for the '! Mr. STURGEON replied that it was impossible
year ending the 30th day of June, 1847, and fo ' *" u  ' 
other purposes."
All the amendments of the committee were con-
curred in; some of them having been further
amended.
Among the amendments to the amendments of
for him to tell how a majority would have voted in
such a case.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask the gentleman's opin-
ion.
Mr. STURGEON. There are between three
and four hundred thousand voters in Pennsylvania;
the committee, was one appropriating $30,000 for 1 ll0.w many would have voted for Mr. Polk under
the purchase of the two bridges over the Eastern
Branch, in the city of Washington; these biidgcs
to be toll free hereafter.
This amendment, offered by Mr. REVERDY
JOHNSON, was agreed to: Ayes 22, noes 11.
Mr. BENTON signified his intention of offering
an amendment, and was about to submit it; when,
On motion, it was laid over till to-morrow, and
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of Exe-
cutive business.
After a short time so spent, the doors were
opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
[The following portion of the proceedings of the \
Senate of the 23d July should have been'inserted j
on page 1332 of the Congressional Globe, imme- !
diately after the remarks of Mr. Cameron, and '
before those of-Mr. Atherton.] j
Mr. SEVIER briefly replied. '■
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he was a Whig, so ■
this view of the ease, and how many would not,
it is, of course, impossible for me to say.
Mr. CLAYTON. The honorable Senator will
not give it as his opinion, then, that the. State
would have cone for Mr. Polk. I think the hon-
orable Senator is right not to venture such an
opinion. I think no intelligent man would venture
such an opinion. There were undoubtedly other
questions entering into the presidential contest be-
sides the tariff'. But I think that no man knows
better than the honorable Senator himself that it
was upon this great and absorbing question chie/ly
that the election turned.
Mr. ALLEN said it was not his custom to in-
terfere with the course of debate generally, but he
did think that a due regard to the business which
remained to be done required that they should
employ the brief remaining time of the session m
some other way than in discussing this question
during the morning hours. He therefore made
ita question of order whether this discussion should
be allowed to continue.
Mr. CLAYTON said the honorable Senator had
Mr. JARNAGIN made a few remarks, in the
course of which he asked the Senator from Arkan-
sas if he understood the " Kane letter" as embody-
ing Mr. Polk's creed with regard to free trade?
Mr. SEVIER replied that he regarded that letter
as the echo of James K. Polk's political'principles
on free trade, which he had consistently advocated
for years.
Mr. WESTCOTT made a few remarks, and
said if the people of Pennsylvania were so easily
deceived as was alleged in relation to Mr. Polk's
views, he-could place little confidence in memorials
which might have been the result of a panic cre-
ated by Washington letters written by politicians,
representing the tariff as a very horrible bill,jvhich
would ruin them. That might have been the'origin
of all these meetings and resolutions.
Mr. R. JOHNSON asked the gentleman from
Arkansas if he believed that the " Kane letter"
was intended to satisfy the people of Pennsylvania
that Mr. Polk was in favor of free trade ?
Mr. SEVIER asked the Senator if he did not
believe Mr. Polk was a free-trade man?
M. JOHNSON. Not from the " Kane letter."
Mr. SEVIER. It is as much a free trade letter
as any speech he ever made was a free-trade
speech.
Mr. STURGEON then said that the democracy
of Pennsylvania had never declared themselves
free-trade men in the ordinary acceptation of that
term. They regarded James K. Polk as a tariff
man under the construction of the " Kane letter."
He protested against the idea entertained on the
opposite side, that the presidential election in
Pennsylvania had turned on the tariff question.
Many other important questions entered into that
struggle. As to Mr. Clay and the tariff, there was
a time when the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Webster] himself doubted the attachment of Mr.
Clay to the tariff. The doctrine of Pennsylvania
always had been what it was now—a tariff for
revenue with incidental protection; and therefore
they were opposed to the new bill, which would
not raise adequate revenue, and did not afford pro-
tection. It was no time to reduce the tariff when
the Government was borrowing ten millions every
sixty days.
Mr. SPEIGHT here moved to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
A division was called for, and the motion was
negatived—yeas 21, nays 25.
; Mr. J. M. CLAYTON desired to know from
1 the Senator from Pennsylvania whether he be-
licved that the State of Pennsylvania would have
: voted for Mr. Polk if it had boon supposed that
! he would recommend the passage of such a bill as
Mr. CLAYTON. I am speaking to the ques-
tion of order. There is no rule which prevents
me from replying to remarks made on the other
side, and that is what I am about to do. Besides,
there is a motion pending to refer these documents
to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER stated, in refer-
ence to the question of order, that, upon the motion
to refer the papers to the Committee on Printing,
a pretty broad and discursive range of observations
had been indulged in by the Senator from Arkan-
sas and others, by general acquiescence; and it cer-
tainly would not be interfered with by the pre-
siding officer unless he were overruled by the
Senate.
Mr. CLAYTON proceeded. He had no doubt'
that the Senator from Ohio and others upon that
side would be very glad to arrest the debate; but
he did not feel disposed to indulge them. The
Senator from Arkansas had seemed to treat the
petitions coming from the people of Pennsylvania
as a joke. The Senator had said it was a very,
very good joke, that every morning they had pray-
ers by the Chaplain, and then a sort of funeral
dirge for the anticipated misfortunes of the coun-
try. He did not know that they had any funeral
dirge, but they had been accustomed, and he hoped
the custom would continue, to hear the prayers of
the people. The honorable Senator did not seem
to relish those prayers.
Mr. SEVIER. They are quite amusing.
Mr. CLAYTON said he thought the time was
not very far distant when the honorable Senator
would discover that there %vas something else than
a joke in all this. The Senator paraded his own
opinion that Pennsylvania would vote the Demo-
cratic ticket, free-trade ticket and all, and seemed
inclined to think that she would have done So in
1844, even if she had known the course which the
Administration was about to adopt. That was a
matter which, of course, could not be determined
either by the honorable Senator or himself. But
his wish was, that Pennsylvania should hear the
opinion which had been expressed by the honor-
able Senator, from one end of the State to the
other. That there was wilful deception practised
in regard to this matter, he had reason to know;
and he believed that the Senators from Pennsylva-
nia were perfectly well aware that this was the case.
The people of that State were jiow holding mass
meetings, and declaring that they had been de-
ceived. Did Senators suppose that all this was a
mere joke? Was it anything else than a down- .
right insult to the people of Pennsylvania to fell
them that their representations were only a joke 
only a matter of amusement to Senators ?
There was no reason to doubt that there was a
panic in Pennsylvania; not a Whig panic, but a
Democratic panic, as the honorable Senator who
presented these memorials had justly said; a panic
which had arisen because their dearest interests
were assailed.
[Mr. C. produced various statistical tables, show-
ing the degree of interest which Pennsylvania had
in the question of protection.]
If the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania had
any more jokes of a similar kind to indulge in
to-morrow, he would be happy to hear them. He
hoped the Senator would not be deterred from
amusing the Senate with them.* And he must here
be permitted to express his surprise at the manner
in which the Senator from New Hampshire had
introduced some tariff memorials this morning.
called, but Democratic enough to allow the peonl . _ . _       
to decide these great questions, and to allow their i ccrtainly a right to raise the question of order, but
vmcp ta linni.H 'Wo a few remarks, !i his doing so indicated very distinctlv an indisposi-
voice to be heard. He added  ,
alleging deception on the part of the Democratic
party in the manner in which the question was
put to the people of Pennsylvania before the last
election.
tion, an unwillingness that the question should be
thoroughly discussed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A question of
order is raised by the Senator from Ohio.
« HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mokday, August 3,1846.
The Journal of Saturday was read (in part) and
approved.
Mr. HUNT, of New York, (objections being
made,) mo\ed to suspend the rules to enable him
to offer the following joint resolution:
A JOINT RESOLUTION to amend tile Constitution of the
United States.
TtemlreH fi;i the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United Sinter o f America in Cjnzrcss assembled, (tvo-tMids
of both, Houses concurring,) That the following amendment
of the Constitution of the Unit'd States be proposed to tile
several States to he valid to alt intents and purposes as part
of said Constitution, when ratified by tlie Legislatures of
tluee-fburths t>i tlie said States, viz: <■ No person sliaJl he
hereafter eligible to the office of President of tlie United
States who shall have been previously elected tn the said
otiiee, and wiio shall have accepted the same, or exercised
ihe powers thereof,"The President shall not nominate
or appoint to any office, civil or military, any member of
