1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 8,
1 independent of the principal power to which it is
'-an incident." It is not enough that it maybe
regarded by Congress an convenient, or that its ex-
ercise wduld advance the public weal. It must be
necessary and proper to the execution of the princi-
pal expressed power to which it is an incident, and
without which such principal power cannot be car-
ried into effect. The whole frame of the Federal
Constitution proves that the Government which it
creates was intended to be one of limited and speci-
fied powers. A construction of the Constitution so
broad as that by which the power in question is
defended, tends imperceptibly to a consolidation of
power in a Government intended by its framers to
be thus limited in its authority. "The obvious
4 tendency and inevitable result ofa consolidation of
4 (he States into one sovereignty would be to trans-
4 form the republican system of the United States in-
4 to a monarchy." To guard against the assumption
of all powers which encroach upon the reserved
sovereignty of the States, and which consequently
tend to consolidation, is the duty of all the true
friends of our political system. That the power in
question is not properly an incident to any of the
granted powers, I am fully satisfied; but if there
were doubts on this subject, experience has de-
monstrated the wisdom of the rule that all the func-
tionaries of the Federal Government should abstain
from the exercise of all questionable or doubtful
powers. If an enlargement of the powers of the
Federal Government should he deemed proper, it
is safer and wiser to appeal to the States and the
people in the mode prescribed by the Constitution
for the grant desired, than to assume its exercise
without an amendment of the Constitution. If
Congress does not possess the general power to
construct works of internal improvement within
the States, or to appropriate money from the treas-
ury for that purpose, what is theie to exempt
some, at least, of the objects of appropriation in-
cluded in this bill from the operation of the general
rule ? This bill assumes the existence of the pow-
er, and in some of its provisions asserts the prin-
ciple that Congress may exercise it as fully as
though the appropriations which it proposes were
applicable to the construction of roads and canals.
If there be a distinction in principle, it is not per-
ceived, and should be clearly defined. Some of
the objects of appropriation contained in this bill
are local in their character, and lie within the lim-
its of a single State; and though, in the language
of the bill, they are called harbors, they are not
connected with foreign commerce, nor are they
places of refuge or shelter for our navy or commer- !
cial marine on the ocean or lake shores. To call I
the mouth of a creek, or a shallow inlet on our j
coast a harbor, cannot confer the authority to ex- i
pend the public money in its improvement. Con-
gress have exercised the power coeval with the
Constitution of establishing light-houses, beacons,
buoys, and piers, on our ocean and lake shores,
for the purpose of rendering navigation safe and j
easy? and of affording protection and shelter foi !
our navy and other shipping. These are safe- |
guards placed iu existing channels of navigation, j
After the long acquiescence of the Government i
through all preceding Administrations, I am not j
disposed to question or disturb the authority to |
make appropriations for such purposes. i
When we advance a step beyond this point, and j
in addition to the establishment and support, by !
appropriations from the treasury, of light-houses,
beacons, buoys, piers, and other improvements
within the bays, inlets, and harbors on our ocean
and lake coasts immediately connected with our
foreign commcrcc, and attempt to make improve-
ments m the interior at points unconnected with
foreign commerce, and where they are not needed
for the protection and security of our navy and
commercial marine, the difficulty arises in drawing
a line beyond which appropriations may not be
made by the Federal Government.
One of my predecessors, who saw the evil con-
sequences of the system proposed to be revived by
this bill, attempted to define this line by declaring
that, 44 expenditures of this character" should be
"confined below the ports of entry or delivery
established bylaw!" Acting on tins restriction,
he withheld his sanction from a bill which had
passed Congress " to improve the navigation of
the Wabash river." He was at the same time
" sensible that this restriction was not as satisfac-
4 tory as could be desired, and that much embarrass-
4 ment may be caused to the Executive department
4^in its execution, by appropriations for remote and
4 not well understood objects." This restriction, it
was soon found, was subject to be evaded and ren-
dered compaiatively useless in checking the system
of improvements which it was designed to arrest,
in consequence of the facility with which ports of
entry and delivery may be established by law upon
the upper waters, and in some instances, almost at
the head springs of some of the most unimportant
of our rivers, and at points on our coast possess-
ing no commercial importance, and not used as
places of refuge and safety by our navy, and other
shipping. Many of the ports of entry and deliv-
ery now authorized by law, so far as foreign
commerce is concerned, exist only in the statute-
books. No entry of foreign goods is ever made,
and no duties are ever collected at them. No
| exports of American products bound for foreign
I countries, ever clear from them. To assume that \
! their existence in the statute-book as ports of entry
j or delivery warrant expenditures on the waters
I leading to them, which would be otherwise unau-
j thorized, would be to assert the proposition, that-
| the law-making power may ingraft new provisions j
j on the Constitution. If the restriction be a sound
| one, it can only apply to the bays, inlets, and rivers
, connected with or leading to such ports as actually
, have foreign commerce; ports at which foreign im-
portations arrive in bulk, paying the duties charged
by law, and from which exports arc made to foreign
countries. It will be found by applying the restric-
tion thus understood to the bill under considera-
tion, that it contains appropriations for more than
twenty objects of internal improvement, called in
the bill harbors, at places which have never been
declared by law either ports of entry or delivery,
and at which, as appears from the records of the
treasury, there has never been an arrival of foreign
merchandise, and from which there has never been
a vessel cleared for a foreign country. It will be
found that many of these works are new, and at
places for the improvement of which appropria-
tions are now for the first time proposed. It will
be found, also, that the bill contains appropriations
for rivers upon which there not only exists no for-
eign commerce, but upon which there has not been
established even a paper port of entry, and for the
mouths of creeks, denominated harbors, which, if
improved, can benefit only the particular neighbor-
hood in which they are situated. It will be found,
too, to contain appropriations the expenditure of
which will only have the cffect of improving one
placc at the expense of the local, natural advan- j
tages of another in its vicinity. Should this bill
become a law, the same principle which authorizes
the appropriations which it proposes to make,
would also authorize similar appropriations for !'
the improvement of all the other bays, inlets, and
creeks, which may with equal propriety be called \
harbors, and of all the rivers, important or unim- '•
portant, in every part of the Union. To sanction
the bill with such provisions, would be to concede
the principle that the Federal Government posses-
ses the power to expend the public money in a |
general system of internal improvements, limited ;
in its extent only by the ever-vaiying discretion ;
of successive Congresses and successive Execu- i
tives. It would be to efface and remove the limit- :
ations and restrictions of power, which the Con-
stitution has wisely provided to limit the authority :
and action of the Federal Government to a few ,,
well-defined and specified objects. Besides these |
objections, the practical evils which must flow
from the exeicise, on the part of the Federal Gov-
ernment, of the powers asserted in this bill, im- !
press my mind with a grave sense of my duty to '
avert them from the country, as far as my con- !
stitutional action may enable me to do so. i
It not only leads to a consolidation of power in
the Federal Government at the expense of the
rightful authority of the States, but its inevitable ''
tendency is, to embrace objects for the expenditure , •
of the public money, which are local in their char- [
acter, benefiting but few at the expense of the
common treasury of the whole. It will engender j
sectional ftehn^ss and prejudices calculated to dis- -
turb the harmony of the Union. It will destroy ••
the harmony which should prevail m our legisla- >
tive councils. It will produce combinations of local
and sectional interests,strong enough when united, ,
to carry propositions for appropriations of public
money which could not of themselves, and stand-
ing alone, succeed, and cannot fail to lead to waste-
ful and extravagant expenditures.
It must produce a disreputable scramble for the
public money, by the conflict which is inseparable
from such a system, between local and individual
interests and the general interest of the whole. It
is unjust to those States which have with their own
means constructed "their own internal improve-
ments, to make from the common treasury appro-
priations for similar improvements in other States.
In its operation it will be oppressive and unjust
towards those States whose representatives and
people either deny or doubt the existence of the
power, or think its exercise inexpedient, and who,
; while they ^equally contribute to the treasury, can-
| not, consistently with their opinions, engage in the
i general competition fora shareof the public money/
j Thus a large portion of the Union in numbers and
I in geographical extent, contributing its equal-pro-
| portion of taxes to the support of the Government,
; would, under, the operation of such a system, be
compelled to see the national treasure—the common
stock of all—unequally disbursed, and often im-
providently wasted for the advantage of small
sections, instead of being applied to the great na-
tional purposes in which all have a common inter-
est, and for which alone the power to collect the
revenue was given. Should the system of internal
improvements proposed prevail, all these evils
will multiply and increase with, the increase of the
number of the States, and the extension of the
geographical limits of the settled portions of our
country. With the increase of our numbers and
the-extension of our settlements, the local objects
demanding appropriations of the public money for
their improvement will be proportionately increas-
ed. In each case the expenditure of the public
money would confer benefits, direct or indirect,
only on a section, while these sections would be-
come daily less in comparison with the whole.
The wisdom of the framers of the Constitution
in withholding power over such objects from the
Federal Government, and leaving them to the local
Governments of the States, becomes more and
more manifest with every year's experience of the
operations of our system.
In a country of limited extent, with but few
such objecft of expenditure, (if the form of Gov-
ernment permitted it,) a common treasury might
be used for their improvement with much less ine-
quality and injustice than in one of the vast extent
which ours now presents in population and terri-
tory. The treasure of the world would hardly be
equal to the improvement of every bay, inlet, creek,
and river in our country which might be supposed
to promote the agricultural, manufacturing, or
commercial interests of a neighborhood.
The Federal Constitution was wisely adapted
in its provisions to any expansion of our limits and
population; and with the advance of the confed-
eracy of the States in the career of national great-
ness, it becomes the more apparent that the har-
mony of the Union, and the equal justice to which
ail its parts are entitled, require that the Federal
Government should confine its action within the
limits prescribed by the Constitution to us power
and authority. Some of the provisions of this
bill are not subject to the objections stated, and did
the}- stand alone I should not feel it to be my duty
to withhold my approval.
If no constitutional objections existed to the bill,
there are others of a serious nature which deserve
some consideration. It appropriates between one
and two millions of dollars for objects which are
of no pressing necessity; and this is proposed at a
time when the country is engaged m a foreign
war, and when Congress, at its present session,
has authorized a loan, or the issue of treasury
notes, to defray the expenses of the war, to be
resorted to if the 44 exigencies of the Government
shall require it." It would seem to be the dictate
of wisdom under such circumstances to husband
our means, and not to waste them on compara-
tively unimportant objects, so that Me may reduce
the loan or issue of treasury notes which may
become necessary to the smallest practicable sum.
It would seem to be wise, too, to abstain from such
expenditures with a view to avoid the accumula-
tion of a large public debt; the existence of which
would be opposed to the interests of our people, as
well as to the genius of our free institutions.
Should this bill become a law, the principle
which it establishes will inevitably lead to large
and annually increasing appropriations and drains
upon the treasury, for it is not to be doubted that
numerous other localities not e.mbraced in its pro-
