1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 3,
He was the more surprised, because a distinction
seemed to be taken between domestic and foreign
commerce—a distinction which thewestern country
never had, and never would submit to.
Some conversation arose between Mr. T. and
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, as to the fact whether
this point was made in the message.
Mr. TIBBATTS (continuing) combated the idea
of such a distinction, and contended that the har-
bors on the lakes were as much connected with
foreign commerce as those on the seaboard, and
urged that they were equally entitled to the protec-
tion of the Government.
Mr. BRIN K.ERHOFF had a few words to say,
and but a very few. The question before us (said
he) is, " Shall this become a law, the objections of
the President to the contrary notwithstanding ?"
If it was in my power, sir, by the vote I shall give,
to make it a law, the President's objection to the
contrary notwithstanding, it would becomc a law.
I am anxious, and long have been anxious, that it
should become a law. I have entertained appre-
hensions, however, that it would not; I have
been apprehensive that it would be defeated by an
Executive veto; and had my humble advice been
taken by my friends, I believe it would have been
saved from this fate. I am not at all disposed to
play the croaker, or "the prophet of the past;"
but had my friends postponed the vote on the tariff
bill for one week, as I advised them to do, this bill
would have bccome a law. I am satisfied of it, sir.
Mr. Speaker, I am not immediately interested in
any appropriation contained in this bill. There is
not an item of appropriation in it to be expended
within or upon the borders of my district; but the
objects contemplated by the bill are those in which
the whole people of the State I have the honor in
part to represent take a deep interest. Our market
is by the way of the lakes; our products seek a
market over that way, and our merchandise comes
to us tlnough the same channel. These lakes have
no natural harbois—not one; naturally the mouth
of every river emptying into them is clogged by a
sand-bar, and it is only by the erection of piers,
cutting those sand-bars, and extending into deep
water, that any harbor can be obtained, or any
commerce can be carried on. The preservation of
lake harbor improvements is almost essentially
necessary to the existence of the people of northern
Ohio as a civilized people. We have no^y a large
commerce there; let the mouths of these rivers fill
up, and that commerce must fail, for it has no
facilities, 110 channels.
The President objects, as I understand him from
the reading of the message, to the appropriation for
these lake harbors, that they are not used for for-
eign commerce. Sir, 1 take issue with him on the
fact; the exports made from them, and the imports
into them, are made across the broad expanse of
waters, and with the country from which these
waters separate us—Canada. If I recollect right,
he tells us they are not necessary or useful for
the purpose of a navy. Sir, we have a navy upon
those lakes. Within the last few years we have
expended half a million of dollars on the construc-
tion of an iron steam frigate and several iron reve-
nue cutters, which aie vessels of war to all intents
and purposes whatsoever. The bosom of these
lakes have been made the theatre of tremendous
and glorious naval conflicts; they are necessary to
the defence of our country. Thy are not internal;
to all intents and purposes they are external waters.
Bounding our country on the north, and looking
out upon a foreign country, from whose forces we
are always most and justly apprehensive, it is not
true that the erection and preservation of their har-
bors is not useful and necessary for naval pur-
poses; it, is not true that they are not engaged in
foreign commerce. The contrary of both these
propositions is the fact.
Sir, when I was engaged in the canvass before
my people for the seat which 1 occupy in these
Halls, it was objected to me and the party with
which I act, that we were opposed to these lake
harbors. I denied it, indignantly denied it. I
thought I had a right to deny it. The reference
to the opinions and actions of the predecessors of
the author of this veto justified me in denying it.
The honorable gentleman (my friend L suppose he
will allow me to call him) from Pennsylvania [Air.
Wilmot] says it is a Jackson veto. It is no such
thing, sir. I hold in my hand (said Mr. B.) a list
of nearly all the items of appropriation contained
in this bill, and every one of which has received
the repeated sanction of Presidents Jackson and
"Van Buren. The first is Burlington, on Lake
Champlain; the next, Plattsburg harbor, on the
same lake; the third, Port Ontario. Now, sir,
each of these received appropriations for their im-
provement at three different times during the Ad-
ministration of Mr. Van Buren. We then come
to Oswego, Big Sodus, the mouth of the Genesee
river, and of Oak Orchard creek, on Lake Ontario.
The first three were sanctioned seven times in
seven different bills, and in seven different years,
by President Jackson, and the last three times by
Mr. Van Buren. Next come Buffalo, Dunkirk,
Erie, Grand River, Ashtabula, Cleveland, and Hu-
ron, all on Lake Erie; and each of these, too, were
sanctioned seven different times by Jackson, and
three times by Van Buren; River Raisin harbor, 1
once by Jackson, and three times by Van Buren;
Chicago, several times by both; St. Louis harbor,
by Van Buren twice; Stanford Ledge, in Maine,
three times by Van Buren; Bridgeport, in Connec-
ticut, 'and Port Penn and Newcastle, Delaware,
several times by both; Baltimore, three times by
Van Buren; the Savannah river, Georgia, and
Hudson river, New York, were sanctioned by
both; and so were appropriations for tile improve-
ment of the Ohio river above and below the falls,
and of the Mississippi, Missouri, Arkansas, and
Red rivers.
Now, this embraced nearly all the items contain-
ed in this bill, and there is scarcely any of those
contained in it additional to these which I have
read, except such as are required by the more ex-
tended condition of the country. Why, the coast
of Lake Michigan, which was a wilderness when
Mr. Van Buren went into power, is now the seat
of population and commerce, and hence the neces-
sity of a few new works upon that lake. There
is not an appropriation in this bill, the principle of
which has not met the repeated sanction of Gen-
eral Jackson and Mr. Van Buren. Was I not
justified, then, in saying to my constituents that it
was not a part of the Democratic creed to oppose
these improvements for lakes and rivers in the
West? My colleague [Mr. McDowell] suggests
that Mr. Van Buren and General Jackson did not
understand the Constitution. Well, I am inclined
to think constitutional learning has taken a won-
derful advance in our day.
Sir, this bill is passed by a majority of two-thirds
of the other body—in regard to the members of
which, I may say that every one of them singly
is the equal in capacity of the author of this veto.
General Jackson approved these works almost in-
variably; Martin Van Buren approved them; Silas
Wright approved them, and served upon the Com-
mittee on Commerce which reported them at the
last Congress; General Cass approves them; Mr.
Benjlk votes for them—men, with all of whom the
authW of this veto will compare—and so will I
with Hercules.
And I believe the distinguished statesman from j
South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] originated in part, !
and voted for a bill which came to this House the j
other day, and was kicked out, making appropria- '
tious for rivers alone, and leaving the lakes to take
care of themselves. I was absent when the vote
was taken; I wish I had been here, for I would
have helped to kick it out. Wo want none of the
gifts of the Greeks : " Divide and conquer" is the j
maxim of which the cunning statesmen from that !
section know how to act. It was thrown in here !
to divide the rivers from the lakes, and thus cut j
them up in detail. But he sanctioned the principle ]
of appropriation for the improvement of rivers by j
his vote. I
There is not, then, a distinguished statesman in I
the country, of those who have been looked up to j
as the guides and landmarks of political opinion, >
who has refused his sanction to the principles of ;
this bill. They are vital to the existence of our !
people; they are necessary to the safety and the ]
lives of our sailors and boatmen. We must have !
them, and I tell gentlemen we will have them, veto
or no veto. The occupant, for the time being, of
the presidential chair may cheek them; may throw
impediments in the way of their progress; may
allow the devouring tooth of time and the storms
of heaven to destroy much of those which have
been commenced, and are still incomplete; may
make larger appropriations necessary hereafter;
but stop them he cannot; because, in attempting to
do so, he arrays himself against the substantial and
vital interests of a majority of the people of this
country. It is a new principle which the Execu-
tive is endeavoring to introduce here; new to the
action of this Government; new to the action of
Democratic Presidents; new to the action and
opinions of all the Democratic statesmen of the
country, and in that attempt he will fail, as he de-
serves to fail. He says it is too late to question
the propriety of erecting buoys, beacons, and piers.
Why, upon the lakes we ask nothing else but piers.
Piers, and piers alone, constitute all our harbor im-
provements. You may erect light-houses to warn
the mariner of rocks, of shoals, and of breakers,
but you cannot afford the same, or a less, amount
of appropriation to give him a harbor of refuge,
into which he may run as a retreat in the hour of
peril! Oh, no! that would be unconstitutional! I
am not abstractionist enough to understand any
such distinction. I believe, if, by the expenditure
of money, you may contribute to the safety of the
mariner," in warning him of danger, you may erect
a barrier to that danger. I can see no difference
between them.
A war marine on these lakes is absolutely neces-
sary- You have found it so; you have expended
a large amount of money in the erection of one;
you have provided materials for more. And what
are your vessels to do without harbors? Commo-
dore Perry constructed his fleet at Erie in the time
of the last war, and they were engaged for days in
the employment of expedients to float their vessels
over the bar into the deep water. Fortunately for
him, steamers did not exist then. If they had, he
never could have got out in the world, and he only
got out by taking advantage of contrary winds,
which kept the enemy beyond his reach.
Sir, I hold in my hand a long list of acts for the
improvement of rivers and harbors approved by
General Jackson. Here is one, dated March 2,
1829, which received the signature of" Old Hick-
ory"—the genuine article—no infantile hickory—
the old fellow himself.
[Here Mr. B. read from an act of the above date
a long list of appropriations for the improvement
of harbors on the lakes and on the coast.]
Objection is made to this bill (he continued) be-
cause it contains a diversity of appropriations for
the lakes and rivers. Now I never could imagine
any good reason why these objects, looking to the
same end and for the same general purpose, should
not be embraced in the same bill. But here in
these bills, signed and approved by Genera! Jack-
son, in repeated instances, you find the same incon-
gruity, if incongruity it be, of appropriations for
| the Mississippi, Ohio, the eastern coast, and the
| lake harbors, all embraced in the same bill. Sir,
more than nine-tenths of the improvements under
j this bill originated under General Jackson, and
I were carried forward under his Administration and
that of Mr. Van Buren; and are we now to be told
that we are guilty of a breach of party fealty and
allegiance unless we accept the doctrines of this
; Message, and repudiate what we have always ad-
! vocated—what the wants of the country require,
i and the interests and lives of our people imperi-
| ously demand? I believe no such doctriile. I
< shall act on no such doctrine. I shall vote for
I this bill, the President's objections to the con-
| trary notwithstanding; and in doing so, I support
I the common interests of the people of the whole
West in the proper and economical prosecution of
this system.
i There needs nothing to be added to what has
; already so well been said by the gentleman from
: Kentucky, [Mr. Tibbatts,] on another part of this
I subject, relative to the estimates and recommenda-
jitionsof the executive department for these very
| appropriations Sir, are we to understand here-
II after, when reports of the different heads of the de-
i' partments are laid before us, that they are to be
; taken as no indication of the wishes of the Execu-
!1 tive—none at all? Are the reports, the demands,
j| the estimates of the Secretary of War to this House,
i no indication of the Executive will ? If not, why
I; are the reports and estimates of the Secretary of
/ the Treasury to be taken as such indication? If
' this subterfuge—(I am obliged to call it, because
i1 no better word presents itself to my mind)—if this
'! subterfuge of repudiating the action, the recom-
; mendacious, and estimates of his own Secretaries,
' is to be resorted to by the President, what are we
1 to depend upon hereafter? The Secretary of War
and the Secretary of the Treasury may come up
i to us and tell us, " we want so many millions of
I. dollars to prosecute the Mexican war;" and how
