1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1187
are we to kaow#vhether it is needed or not, or
whether it is authorized by the President or not?
Sir, I think the attempt is a failure to put any such
construction on this matter. Are not these reports
of tile different heads of the departments made to
the President himself Are they not submitted to
him for his inspection and approval ? Does he
permit a man to hold a seat in his cabinet, and
transmit through him, to be laid before Congress,
documents which meet his decided disapprobation?
Does he permit himself to be the medium of com-
municating the recommendations of unconstitu-
tional appropriations? A strange doctrine this!
My own regret is, sir, that gentlemen did not
think with me, and postpone action upon the tariff
until the ten days, during which the President was
allowed to hold this bill, had expired. I then held
confidently to the opinion that these appropriations
would have been made had that course been taken;
that these improvements would not have been stop-
ped; that these materials would not have been al-
lowed to go to decay; that those works now unfin-
ished would not be permitted to be swept away by
the storms of a coming winter; that the necessity
for renewed and heavy appropriations would not
have arisen from this cause; that the navigators on
these lakes and rivers would have had some places
of shelter and security; and that when misfortune
does come across them—when the storms of heaven
or the concealed snags of the river wreck their crafts,
and send their messmates and friends to a watery
grave, they would have no just ground to charge
their Government with a want of parental care. I
humbly conceive that the Executive of this coun-
try, in sending: in his veto to this bill, assumes a
heavy responsibility. I am not among the num-
ber of those who would abolish the veto power by
any means. If I had the fabrication of a new
Constitution, it should have a place, unaltered, in
that Constitution; but it is a power which should
be exercised with extreme caution. What does
this Executive know about our lakes ? Has he
ever set foot upon the deck that floats over them ? I
presume not, sir. He has no local knowledge upon
the subject, in my opinion. The Representatives
of the people from that region deem these im-
provements important. We know them to be im-
portant to the safety of our commerce, important
to the protection of the lives of our citizens. A
very decided majority of the Representatives of
the people on this door have given their assent to
this bill, after a full, free, and elaborate discussion.
The other branch of this Congress—who are con-
sidered more properly the Representatives of the
States—have passed it by a majority of two-thirds;
and when I look forward to the consequences that
are to ensue from the neglect to prosecute this sys-
tem during the remainder of this Administration,
I say the Executive ha? assumed a fearful respon-
sibility—a responsibility of which T am by no
means envious.
Mr. RHETT wished to say a few words m de-
fence of the veto. He first noticed the pdlition
taken by the gentlemen from Ohio [Mr. Brinker-
HorF] and Kentucky, [Mr. Tibbatts,] and winch
being, as Mr. R. contended, a very material error,
constituted the basis of their indictment of the
Executive—viz: that the recommendation contain-
ed in the report of the Secretary of War was to
be understood as endorsed and sanctioned by the
President. Were not the gentlemen aware, that
by the law under which the reports were made by
tiie Secretaries, they acted not at the mandate, or
according to the will, of the President, but for the
members' of Congress, and that the form of address-
ing the President did not alter the case? He ar-
gued against this position, on the ground that the
President could not control the course of his Sec-
retaries; that they acted on their own responsibility
to Congress. And in proof that this was the Demo-
cratic view of the question, he referred to the
celebrated report of iVtr. Poinsett of his militia
scheme, and of the veto by President Van Buren
of the bill framed upon that; for which, when
called to account before the people by the Whigs,
who charged, as certain Democrats are now doing,
that the President was responsible, the Democratic
party had defended him on precisely the ground
which he (Mr. R.) now occupied.
Mr. THURMAN. Did Mr. Van Buren do
more than recommend Mr. Poinsett's plan to the
coniideralion of Congress-■
Mr. RHETT. Mr. Van Buren did more than
Mr. Polk lias done in this case.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not controvert that.
My object is not to draw a parallel. I only wish
that Mr. Van Buren's course in reference to Mr.
Poinsett's plan be understood.
Mr. RHETT (continuing) said, supposing that
Mr. Polk had specially called the attention of Con-
gress in this form: " I call your attention to the
scheme of internal improvements, as designated
and laid down in the report of the Secretary of
War"—he would have done nothing more than
Mr. Van Buren did. He further referred to the
circumstances of that case, and to the veto of Mr.
Van Buren, which was defended by the Demo-
cratic party, on the ground of the independence of
the departments to the Executive, and their re-
sponsibility to Congress. Those who now took
the opposite ground had swapped sides, and had
taken the wrong side—the Whig side.
But the real difficulty was that developed by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buodukaij,]
that the tariff and internal improvements were
part and parcel of one system. They were so, he
admitted, of "the American system." They were
the two great elements of all government—the tax-
ing power and the dispensing power. He con-
tended that, gentlemen who argued that both should
be unlimited, took a course which tended to con-
solidation, to absolute despotism; and in this, so far
from being Republicans, they were arrant Federal-
ists. In illustration of this'position, he referred at
some length to the history of the course and pro-
gress of parties for years past on this point. He
also defended the exercise of the veto power in this
instance, and generally, and trusted this veto would
operate like all the others which had gone before
it—a new lease to the power of the party with
whom he acted. He trusted that their western
friends would come to a stand, seeing the tendency
of the system to consolidation, and that this veto
would operate to save the Republican party from
the principles of that system, and avert the univer-
sal sweep of Federalism over the land.
Mr. BAYLY obtained the floor, and yielded to
a motion that the House adjourn.
The motion being waived,
Mr. McKAY moved to suspend the rules, for the
purpose of receiving a report from the Committee
of Ways and Means, (of the amendments of the
Senate'to the constitutional treasury bill.)
The question being taken, was decided in the
negative—ayes 68, noes 55—not two-thirds voting
in the affirmative.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved a suspension of the
rules for the purpose of taking up Senate bills on
the Speaker's table.
, The motion was rejected.
i After some conversation,
' Mr. FARAN, adverting to the necessity of hav-
1 in" the message printed, in order that members
might discuss it with some sort of understanding
! as to what its actual contents were, moved that the
' House adjourn.
I Which motion prevailing,*
! The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jlugust 4, 1846.
Mr ALLEN rose and called the attention of the
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] to
certain reported remarks of that Senatorm relation
to the independent treasury bill, wherein he was
represented as declaring himself averse to any re-
striction being placed upon the circulation of treas-
ury drafts. [Mr. A. read a portion of Mr. Cal-
houn's remarks upon that subject.]
Mr. A. said it was the intention of himself and
of those who voted with him to leave the bill m
the state in which it came from the House, so far
as related to those treasury drafts, and he made
this explanation for the purpose of showing—
1st. That he had proposed no restriction: there-
fore the statement that he .had done so was not true
in point of fact. .
2d. To remove the impression that the treasury
had before issued drafts for circulation, and that
u /Mr. A. >) by restricting the circulation,intended
to embarrass the administration of the dejiartment.
Mr. CALHOUN said he believed that the report
was substantially correct. His opinion m regard
to the matter w<i, that upon first putting m opera-
tion the system of a separation of the Government
from the banks, there ought to be no restriction
imposed upon the circulation of the treasury drafts;
and none, in point of fact, thereafter, unless expe-
rience showed that it was necessary. There was,
in his opinion, no one objection that could be
urged against putting these diafts into circulation,
by paying them to the Government creditor, which
would not equally apply when it was proposed to
exchange them for gold and silver. He regretted
to be obliged to differ somewhat upon this point
with his friends upon that side, but he was gov-
erned in this instance, as in all others, by the con-
victions of his judgment.
Mr. BENTON said he knew of no such use
ever before having been made of treasury drafts as
to allow the disbursing officer of the Government
to pay them away instead of money. And he de-
clared that he regarded it as a high crime and misde-
meanor on the part of any Sccrctary of the Treas-
ury to propose such a thing as making paper to be
issued by the Government a circulating medium.
Mr. LEWIS made a brief explanation, in the
course of which he took occasion to correct a mis-
representation which he said had gone abroad
through the magnetic telegraph, and had been
copied into all the northern papers, that he (Mr.
L.) had proposed, at the instance of the Secretary
of the Treasury, the issue of an unlimited amount
of treasury drafts, and that the Senator from Mis-
souri had resisted the proposition. It was true,
the Senator from Missouri had imputed this con-
sequence to the amendment which he had proposed
for the payment of the treasury drafts to the public
creditors, but he thought this position of the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri was controverted. It
was not intended to have, nor would it have, any
such consequence. These drafts were proposed to
be drawn upon actual deposites of money, and paid
to actual creditors of the G overnment. They would
in this way enter into circulation none the moie
than if they were, as provided by the original bill,
exchanged for gold and silver. He was opposed
to a Government paper circulation, and he had sup-
ported his amendment expressly on the ground that
it would not lead to any such consequence. _ Yet
he had been represented as proposing an illimitable
issue of Government paper. _ He hoped the news-
papers would hereafter do him better justice.
Mr. CALHOUN observed, that, as far as he
was himself concerned, he had no apprehension
that he was at all exposed to the danger of being
considered in favor of a paper currency. His views
upon this subject had been expressed too often to
admit of being misconstrued by any portion of the
community.
Mr. SIMMONS said he was somewhat surprised
to hear the honorable chairman of the Finance
Committee continue to express the belief that his
amendment would, if adopted, have afforded no
greater facilities for putting into circulation this
paper money, as he called it.
Mr. LEWIS. Paper money, as others call it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, these treasury diafts,
then, if under the bill as it originally stood they
were to be exchanged for gold and silver. In the
latter case they were not likely to become a cur-
rency, unless some one would give gold and silver
for them. And he believed it would be a rather
difficult matter to find any one who would do this.
But as for their being readily taken for debts due
by the Government, he was quite sure that many
a creditor of the Government would be glad to get
even a draft before they got through the difficulties
in which they would soon find themselves involved.
He thought there was a very broad distinction be-
tween the provisions of the bill and the amend-
ment. The J>ill was bad enough as it now stood,
but it would have been still worse had the amend-
ment prevailed. As the bill came from the House
there were various restrictions 
Mr. LEWIS. I did not strike out one of them.
I proposed additional ones.
Mr. SIMMONS. There were various restric-
tions contained in it, and yet the Senator set about
amending it.
Mr. LEWIS. Yes, by adding other restrictions.
Mr! SIMMONS. If the Senator believed that
the* treasury drafts would have answered then-
purposes equally well under the clause, which per-
mitted them to be exchanged for gold and silver-
Mr. CASS here interposed upon a point of or-
der The bill which was the subject of this dis-
cussion had passed the Senate. It was no longer
before them, and he could see no propriety in dis-
cussing it over again.
