1190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 4,
The main question was ordered, and, being ta-
ken, the resolution was adopted.
Whereupon, on motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. G. S. Houston,
of Alabama, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the said bill.
Mr. THURMAN (who was entitled to the floor
from a former day) referred to the statement he
had made when he before addressed the commit-
tee, that very few of these claims were held in the
new States in which the unsold public lands lie,
and to the interruptions at that time by several
gentlemen who mentioned claims which were held
in Ohio, and by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
C. B. Smith,] who stated there were claimants
within that State. Well, he had taken the trouble
to look at the list of these claimants as reported
by a committee of this House at a previous ses-
sion; and ho found the astonishing number of six
from Ohio, and one from Indiana, out of the ag-
gregate number of 1,011.
He wished to correct a mistake, or something
worse, in the construction of his former remarks.
It had been said that he urged the fact that the
bulk of these claims was held by a few individu-
als, or by insurance offices, as a reason why the
claims should not be paid. There was no founda-
tion for such a charge. He had used no such
argument. But if the claims were just, he had
used it as an argument against their manner of
paying these claims—viz: in land; because the
owners of these claims would, most of them, be
non-residents, and might be men of great wealth,
and thus enabled to hold the land which they mo-
nopolized by this bill. He trusted he was inca-
pable of objecting to the payment of just claims on
such grounds. He was as ready to mete out
justice to the rich as to the poor.
He referred with regret to the limited time al-
lowed to the debate—not affording opportunity for
any man to present the general principles, the
heads of the argument, with the necessary specifi-
cations to sustain or refute these claims. It was
not a political question, but in the nature of a
judicial one, which ought to be fully investigated,
fully examined and determined upon only after the
most mature reflection. But limited as his time
was, he was compelled to attempt something like
an examination of the general features of the case.
Ashe had already said, these claims were founded
on the assumption that the Government of the
United States was bound to the Government of
Prance because of non-fulfilment by the United
States of the guarantee contained in the treaty of
the Revolution, and in the commercial treaty be
rween the United States and France—more espe-
cially on the former ground. Now he undertook
to say that that guarantee was not binding on
the United States at the time these spoliations oc-
curred, and, therefore, that no consideration, no
benefit ever accrued to the United States by the
surrender of the claims set up against the Go\ern-
ment of France by the citizens of the United
States.
As great names had been referred to in defence
of these claims, he would ask, what was the opinion
of General Washington ? If the United States were
bound by that guarantee, as is contended by those
who sustain these claims, General Washington
was guilty of the highest perfidy ever committed—■
of the basest ingratitude; for Washington himself,
on the fullest and most mature reflection, held that
the United States were not bound by the guarantee,
and he issued his proclamation of neutiality at the
time of the war with Prance and Great Britain.
He did this upon the argument of General Hamil- I
ton—that the United States were not bound to take
part in that war; for not taking part in which,
these damages are said to have accrued to Prance. ;1
But further, the treaty was repealed—repealed j j
because of violations of it by France, and so de- |!
clared by act of Congress—voted for by a list of .!
names of high authority, and approved by the t!
elder Adams, who would have been little likely to j j
be guilty of an act of gross injustice to a foreign i i
nation. ' j!
His time was so rapidly passing away, that he j!
must content himself with saying on the general ; I
merits of the bill—1st, that the United States never j j
received one dollar of benefit by the relinquish- ! i
ment of these claims; and next, that the United
States did not give up anything at all in ceasing to !j
negotiate about them. This lie could prove by the ii
statement of our own Minister, Mr. Murray, who
was on the spot, and was as capable of judging as
any man, who declared at one time that they were
not worth a quarter per cent., and again, subse-
quently, that they were utterly worthless; and this
in 1800 and 1801, just before the treaty was nego-
tiated. And yet it was said that these claims—to
collect which the United States had incurred heavy
expenses, involved itself in public debt, and issued
letters of marque and reprisal—that these claims,
thus hopeless, were the consideration on which the
United States desired release from the treaty, and
right to neutrality ! It was no such thing.
But it was said that the United States offered
money, something like $200,000, to get rid of this
guarantee. He wished it to be recollected, how-
ever, that the treaty was repealed by forfeiture on
the part of France, after this offer was made. The
instructions of Mr. Madison to our Minister, to
urge these claims, were relied on in proof of their
validity. Butwho ever before heard that an argu-
ment thus given, to be used to a foreign Govern-
ment, was to be made the foundation of a claim
against the United States ?
But it was said that these claims had been pass-
ed upon favorably by repeated committees of Con-
gress. Upon examination, he had ascertained that
out of twenty-one reports, nine of them were from
sclect committees. These, of course, were formed
of members favorable to the claims. And of the
select committees, he found that in two instances
two reports had been made by (he same man; and
of the reports from the standing committee—the
Committee on Foreign Relations—three were by
Mr. Everett, three by Mr. Gushing, and four by
Mr. Choate. Here, then, were the same commit-
tees—the same individuals—reporting, and yet it
was held up that there had been twenty-one differ-
ent reports in their favor. In almost every instance,
also, there were a majority of the members of these
committees from the States most largelyinterested
in these claims. He had not the slightest intention
to impugn the integrity of these committees, nor
of gentlemen who supported the bill; but he ven-
tured to say, if the claims had not been scattered
over various districts, and thereby a set of men set
to work to operate upon public opinion, they could
not have recived fifty votes in this House.
It had been stated to him by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. King,] tha't he was in error
in saying that the bulk of these claims were held
by insurance companies, and that those who origi-
nally held them had all failed. He had spoken on
the authority of various speeches, and of a report
made on the subject, a few years ago, which gave
eighteen insurance companies holding them; and
it was fairly presumable that they held much the
greater bulk. But if they had failed, it did not
alter the case. Their assignees, or those who had
purchased their assets, held them; and it would be
a curious piece of inquiry, and well worthy of
consideration when engaged in the inquiry, wheth-
er this Government was bound in equity to pay
them:
It was said a monopoly of land would not follow
the enactment of this law, because scrip was to be
issued; that it would constitute what was familiar-
ly called land-office money, and be bought up by
those who purchase lands: and, therefore, that
there will be no monopoly of them. Now the ex-
perience of the West was contrary to that, and it
showed that the facility with which those who held
the scrip or purchased it could acquire land, would
tend to make a monopoly, while, at the same time,
it would absorb the revenue from the sales of the
lands. There was, then, this double objection to
it. And this would take place after we had autho-
rized the issue of ten millions dollars of treasury
notes. He blamed nobody for his vote for that
hill; he himself had supported it, which he would
not have done in time of peace. But, in addition
to this ten millions dollars, we were now about to
put five millions dollars currency, based on the
public lands, into circulation. Why, what a paper-
money Government we should have if we passed
this bill; we should not have a dollar revenue accru-
ing from the lands.
Mr. T.'s hour here expiied.
Mr. McClelland rose to propose an amend-
ment to the bill; but before offeiing it he submitted
some remarks explanatory of that part which
might not be understood, and traced its analogy to
the principles of the bill under consideration. He
said the claims contemplated by the amendment
grew out of the last war between Great Britaiu and
this country, and were for compensation for the
depredations committed by the British and Indians
on the citizens of Michigan, contrary to the con-
ditions of the capitulations made with General
Brock and Colonel Proctor. They had been re-
peatedly presented to Congress for its action; and,
although some of the claimants had obtained par-
tial redress, yet many of them had invariably been
denied that justice to which they were preemi-
nently entitled. The action of the House in regard
to private claimants reminded him forcibly of
what Burleigh used to say to Q,ucen Elizabeth:
" Madam, you do well to let suitors stay, for I tell
you, bis dat qui cilo dat, (he gives twice who gives
quickly,) if you grant them speedily they will
come again the sooner." Although he was wil-
ling to admit that some unjust claims received the
sanction of the House, yet this ought not to be as-
signed as a reason for the gross injustice which
was done to those of a meritorious character. A
citizen was injured and aggrieved by breach of
contract or otherwise on the part of the Govern-
ment, and came to press his claim before Congress,
and found by sad and bitter experience that the
delay in administering justice, theexpense, anxiety,
and disappointments incident to its prosecution,
were far greater than the amount finally received.
This state of things should not exist in a free Gov-
ernment, but he deeply regretted to be compelled
to say that he saw no symptom here of a returning
sense of justice.
The Senator from Delaware, [Mr. J. M. Clat-
ton,] in his elaborate speech upon this bill, stated
the grounds on which he rested these French spo-
liation claims to be, that they were, on the 30th of
September, 1800, (by the covention of that date,)
renounced or released, or sold and sacrificed by
this Government, to purchase its exemption from
the treaties of 1778, and the consular convention of
1788; and also to purchase an exemption from fur-
ther spoliations on our commerce, to secure to this
nation the blessings of peace, and all the other
benefits that were derived to the nation from that
convention.
He must not be understood as admitting that
Mr. Clayton had proved these propositions to his
satisfaction, but would admit them to be true for
the sake of the argument.
Mr. McC. then stated that he would give a brief
and succinct history of the claims covered by his
amendment, to enable the committee to judge of
their resemblance to those under consideration.
On the 16th day of August, 1812, General Hull
I surrendered the city of Detroit and Territory of
' Michigan to the British army under the command
of General Brock. One of the terms and condi-
tions of this capitulation was, that the private pro-
perty of its citizens should be protected, as is
shown beyond the shadow of a doubt by the proc-
lamation of General Brock to the people of Michi-
gan, issued the day of the surrender. That part
of it which was necessary to the argument reads
thus:
" Whereas the Territory of Michigan was this dav, by
capitulation, ceded to the arms of fiis Britannic Majesty,
without any other condition than the protection otpmate
| pioperty; and wishing to give an earlv proof of the modera-
tion and justice of the Government, I do hereby announce
to all the inhabitants of the said territory that the laws here-
tofore in existence shall continue in force until ius Majebtv 's
pleasure be known, or so long as the peace and safety of the
said territory will admit thereof."
On the 22d day of January, 1813, General Win-
chester's troops were defeated by the British and
Indians under Colonel Froc.tor, at the River Raisin,
in the Territory of Michigan, and the terrible mas-
j sacrc that ensued will make it ever memorable in
j the history of that war. A capitulation was en—
; tered into, and the security of private property
i was again guarantied by the British Government.
I How faithlessly these guarantees were fulfilled,
j the sequel will show.
| Immediately after the surrender of Detroit, the
; British and Indians began to tamper with the eiti-
, zens of the territory, (French and Americans,) and
: endeavored to seduce them from their allegiance to
■ this Government. The leading men were offered
\ offices of honor and importance, wealth and prop-
erty, and ail the distinctions which the commander
, of the British forces could confer, and his powers
were almost plenary. But they scouted the idea
of becoming the foes of their country; the love for
it and its institutions was too deeply imbedded in
their hearts for them to turn traitors, and not one
