1192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 5,
allowed" the words " or rejected." Negatived:
Aye?? 51, noes 93.
The question was then put on striking out the
first section of the bill, (test question.) Lost:
Ayes 62, noes 93.
Mr. LEAKE proposed to insert in the second
section the following, as an instruction to the Board
of Commissioners to be constituted by that section:
,{ To ascertain and report the number and amount
'of claims held by the original owners or their heirs,
4 and the number and amount of those held by as-
'si^nees and transferees."
Negatived: Ayes 38, noes 85.
Mr. BOWLIN moved an amendment that the
Commissioners should take an oath that they are
not directly or indircctly interested in any of the
claims mentioned in the bill. Negatived.
Mr. THURMAN moved to add to the second
section a direction to the Attorney General of the
United States to attend the sitting of the Commis-
sioners, and to oppose and argue against the claims
which may be presented.
Mr. STANTON moved to amend the amend-
ment by allowing the Attorney General an addi-
tion to his salary of ^1,500 per annum for this
service. Negatived.
Mr. HOUGH moved to amend Mr. Thurman's
amendment, by inserting a direction to the Attor-
ney General to advocate any claim which he may
think just. Negatived.
Mr. Thur.man's amendment was then negatived
—ayes 61, noes 83.
Mr. COBB moved to add to the third scction a
provision that in cases of transfers of claims, the
transferee shall state, under oath, the amount
paid by him for the claim* Negatived.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to amend the fourth sec-
tion so as to direct the commissioners to procure
testimony fiom France and other foreign countries,
instead of the Secretary of State, as provided by
the bill. Negatived.
Mr. COBB moved an amendment, directing that
the expense of procuring testimony from France
or other foreign countries shall be paid out of the
amount appioprialed by the bill. Negatived—ayes
38, noes 89.
Mr. SiVWYER moved to add to the fifth section
a clause granting one hundred and sixty acrcs of
public land to each non-commissioned officer and
private now engaged in the Mexican war, or who
served in the late war with Great Britain, and has
not received such grant.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. SAWYER appealed.
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. SAWYER moved to add to the seventh
section a provision that all lands which may be
located under the provisions of the bill shall be
liable to taxation from the time of location. Neg-
atived—ayes 48, noes 80.
Mr. McCONNELL moved that the land scrip
to be issued in satisfaction of claims provided for
in the bill, shall be located in Oregon, north of 54°
40'. Ruled out of order.
Mr. CUMMINS moved to add a proviso that
no scrip shall be located m any State the Govern-
ment of which is organized, or partly organized, !
so as to confine the location of scrip to the Terri- i
tories. Negatived: Ayes 22, noes 92. i
Air. ADAMS, of Mississippi, moved to strike |
out the seventh scction, which provides for the
issue of scrip, which is only receivable in payment
of public lands, and to insert, in lieu thereof a pro-
vision directing that the five millions of dollars
shall be paid m cash from the Treasury, m five
annual instalments of $1,000,000 each. Negatived:
Ayes 16, noes 101.
"Mr. SEABORN JONES moved to amend the
section so that, instead of land scrip, there be issued
to claimants certificates of three per cent, stock,
reimbursable in twenty years or more^ at the op-
tion of the Government. Negatived.
Mr. ATKINSON moved to strike out the 7th
section. Negatived.
Mr. BARKLEY MARTIN moved to reduce the
salary of the Commissioners from $3,000 to $2,000
a year, and the salary of the Secretary of the Board
from $2,000 to §1,000 a year. Negatived.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to strike out the tenth
section, which makes free from postage all docu-
ments and communications in relation to said
claims, addressed to or from the commission through
the Secretary of State. Negatived.
Mr. McDOWELL, of Ohio, moved to strike
out the eleventh section, which appropriates $50,-
000 to carry the bill into effect. Negatived: ayes
17, noes 102.
Mr. CUMMINS moved to add to the eleventh
section <(to be paid by the claimants in proportion
to their respective claims." Negatived.
Mr. McCONNELL moved to add to the bill a
section granting one hundred and sixty acres of
the public land to every man, maid, or widow in
the United States. Ruled out of order. Appealed
from, and the decision of the chair sustained.
The bill having been gone through with—
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to add a section
appropriating $50,000 for payment of claims of
citizens of Michigan, for property destroyed by
British forces in the war of 1812, between the
United Stales and Great Britain.
Mr. WINTHROP objected to the amendment
as out of order.
The CHAIR ruled it in order.
And the committee rejected it.
Mr. DROMGOOLE offered a substitute for the
bill; which was lejccted.
On motion of Mr. CONSTABLE, the commit-
tee then rose and reported the bill to the House
without amendment.
And the question being on ordering it to a third
reading,
Mr. HAMLIN moved the previous question.
Which was seconded. And the main question
was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. BOYD asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered,and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YKAS—.He-.-tp. Abbott, Jolm Q. Attain?, Arnold, A?h-
mun, Blanchard, William W. Campbell. John II. Campbell,
Carroll, John G. Chapman, Clartte, Constable, Cranston,
Culver. Garrett Davis, Dixon, Dockerv, Dunlap, Edsall,
Jolm II. EiVinir, Edwin II. Ewirtg, Foot. Giles.' Grider,
Grinneil, ILtmlm, Hampton, H'nper, HiHiaul, Elias B.
Holmes', I.-'iiU' E. Holmes, Jolm \V. Houston, Samuel D.
S Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Jamc* B. Hunt,
| Chailes J. Ins*ej\-olI, Joseph R. Inyisoll, Jenkins, "Daniel
P. King, Thomas B. Knur, Lavnence, Leib, "Lewi*, Levin,
liison, Maolay, McCrate, McGau-zhey, McHerm,
Mcllvanie, Mars.li, Miller. Worse Mo^eleyj Niven, Pendle-
ton, Perry, Pettit, Pill-:bmv, Pollack, Rnmsev, Juhun Rock-
well, John A. Rockwell, Root. Kunk, Sawtelle. Scammon,
Schonck, Seaman, Severance, Tiuman Smith, Albert
Smith, Caleb I). Smith, Stewart, Strohm, Stiong, Sykes,
Tlubodoanx, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson, Tilden,
Toomb?, Tnmibo, Vinton, Wlieaton, Whw, Wilbamsj
Wn.throp, Wood, Woodwortb, Wright, and Young:—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bedinger,
Bell, Benton, Bi?sjs, James Black, James A. Black, Bowlin,
Boyd, BnnkerhofT, Brodhead, Milton Brown, Burt, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Cobb, Cooke, Collin, Ciozier, Cuiiom,
Cummin*, Cunningham, Darnel, De Mott, Dobbin, Douglass,
Dtoinsoole, Ellsworth, Erdman, Faran, Ficklui, Foster,
G.u vin, Goodyear, (>ordon, Graham, Grover, IlaraI>on. Har-
man-on, Henley, liosro. Hopkins, Hoiurh, Geoi«e S. Hous-
ton, Edmund W. Uuhard, Hmiter. James H. Johnson,
Joseph Johnson, Andiew Johnson. George W. Jones, Sea-
born Jones, Kaufman, Preston Kins:, Leake, Lumpkin,
Ml Clell;md,MeCl.ernand, MeConnell, Joseph J. McDowell,
MeKay, John P.Martin, Barkley Maitm, Morris, Moulton,
Norris, Owen, Payne, Reid, Relfe, Rheft, Ritter, Roberts,
Sa\v_\ei, Seddon, Alexander D. Sims, Leonaid H. Sims,
Simpson, Thomas Smith, Jam-?s Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Thnrman, Tibbatts, Towns, Wentvvorth, Wick,
Woodwaid, anti Yost—88.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading.
"Whilst the Clerk was calling the roll,
Mr. PHELPS rose and said, that he was inter-
ested in the passage of the bill, and, therefore, the ■
rule forbade him to vote. If he could have been i
permitted to do so, he would have voted against
the hill.
[Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.] !
And having been read a third time by its title,
And the question being, " Shall this bill pass'"
]\ Fr. JACOB THOMPSON moved that the House
adjourn. But the House refused to adjourn.
The previousquestion was demanded, and (after
some conversation between Mr. LEAKE and the
SPEAKER, on the point of order) was seconded
And the mam question was ordered to be now
taken.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH asked the yeas and
nays, which were ordered.
And the question, " Shall this bill pass r"'was
taken, and decidcd in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q,. Adams Arnold, \sh-
mun, Blanchard, William W. Campbell. Jolm H. Campbell,
Carroll, Jolm G. Chapman, Constable, Cian>ton. Culvei,
Garrett Davi<, Dixon, Dock^iy, Dun hip, EdsaU.'Jolm H.
Ewins, r.dwm 1-1. Ewmg. Foot. Giles,* Glide?. Grmnell,
TIainhn, Hampton, Harpci, Ihlluud, Ehas B. Holmes, Isaac
E. Holmes, Jolm W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hud-
son, Wa-hin<!ton Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Inger-
solt, Joseph R. Ingewoll, Jenkins, Daniel P. King, Thomas
Builei Kmc, Lawrence^ Leib. Lewis. Levin. Lj<ron, Long,
Maclay, McClean, McCrate, McGaughey, McHenry, Mc-
tlvame, Marsh, Miller, Morse, Moeptey, Niven, Parrisb,
Pendleton, Perry, Pettit, Pilkbury, Pollock, Ramsey, Julius
Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Batik, Sawtelle, Scam- i
mon Sehenek Seaman, Severance* Truman Smith, Albert
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stewart, Strohm, Stions, Sykes, -•
Thibodeaux, Benjamin Thompson, Thomson, Tilden! ^
Toombs, Trumbo, Vinton, Wheaton, White, Williams,
Wihnot, Winthrop, Woodwortb, Wngbt, and Yonmj—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bedinge'r *
Bell, Benton, Bisgs, James Black, James A. Black Bow-
1m, Boyd, Brcnkeihoff, Brockenbroogb, Brodhead, Mill.ou
Brown, Burt, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Cobb, Cocke Col-
lin, Crozier, Cuilom, Cumnims, Cunningham, Daniel De
Mott, Dobbin, Douglas?, Dromaoole, Ell-wortli, Erdman
Faran, Ficklin, Foster, Garvin, Goodyear, Gordon, Graham-
Grover, Haialson, Harmanson, Henley, Hone, Hopkins'
Hough, Geoise "B. Houston, Edmund Hubard, Hunter,
James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, G.
I W. Jones, Seaborn Jones Kaufman, Preston King, Leake,
I Lumpkin, McClelland, IVFcClernand, McConncIl, Joseph J.
: McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Barkley Manm, Mor-
ris, Moulton, Norn?, Owen, Payne, Reid, Rolfe, Rhett,
Enter, Roberts. Sawyer, Seddon, Alexander D. Sim1?, Leon-
ard H. Sims, Snnp-6n, Thomas Smith, James Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, Tburman, Tibbatfc, Towns, Wick, and
Woodward—87.
So the bill was passed precisely in the form "in
which it has been heretofore published in this
paper.
Mr. HAMLIN moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and demanded the previous question.
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
Rejected.
The question recurred, and was taken, on the
demand for the previous question, and there was a
second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the House
adjourn; but the House refused to adjourn.
/The question, " Shall the vote by which the said
bill was passed be reconsidered?" was then taken,
and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bedin«er,
Benton, Biggs, Bowhn, Boyd, Bririkerhotij Brodhead, Burt,
Reuben Chapman, Chase, Cobb, Cocke, Collin, Ctor.ier,
Cumimns, Cunningham, Daniel, De Mott, Dobbin, Douglass,
Dromgoole, Ellsworth, Erdman, Faran, Ficklin, Garvin,
Goodvear, Gordon, Graham,Grover, Haralson, Harmanson,
Henley, Hoge, Hopkins, Hough, George S. Houston, E. W.
Ilubard, Hunter, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, An-
drew Johnson, George W.Jones, Seaborn Jonea, Kaufman,
Pieston King. Leake, Lumpkin, McClelland, MeClemand,
MeConneil, Joseph J. McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin,
Barkley Martin, Morris, Moulton, Norns, Owen, Payne,
Reid, Relfe, Rhett, Riuer, Roberts, Sawyer, Alexander D.
Sims, Leonard 11. Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Jacob
Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts,Towns, Wentvvorth^ Wick,
and Woodward—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Ciuiney Adams, Arnold,
A«bmun, Blanchard. BulFmaton, William W. Campbell,
John H. Campbell, Carroll, John G. Chapman. Constable,
Cranston, Culvei, Garrett Davm. Dixon, Dockerv, Dunlnp,
Edsall. John H. Ewiug, Edwin II. Ewinsr. Foot, Giles, Guder,
Grmnell, HamJ.ni, Hampton. Haipei, Hiihard. E. B. Holmes,
I>aae E. Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard,
Hudson, Washington Hunt, James 8. Hunt. C. J. Inger'oll
Joseph R Ing^rsoll, Jenkins, Daniel P. Kiria,Thomas''Butler
Kuisr, Lawrence, Leib, Lewis, Levin. Lisroa. Long, Maelay,
McClean, McCrate, McGaughey, McHenry, McHvaine,
Marsh, Miller, Moselcy, Niven, Parush. Pendleton, Perry,
Pettit. Pillshiiry, Pollock, Ramsey, Rathbun. Juhu< Rock-
well, John A. Rockwell, Root, Rank, Sawtelle, Scautmon,
Schenck, Seaman. Severance, Truman Smuh, Albert Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Stcvvait. Strohin, Strong, Sykes, Tlnbq-
deaux, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson. Tiklen, Toombs,
Trumbo, Vinton, Wheaton, White. Williams, Wilmot,
Winthrop, Woodwortii, Wnght, and Young—95.
So the vote was not reconsidered.
And then, at a late hour, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, August 5, 1846.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the
following resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy cause
to be completed an exact survey of the Southwest
' Pass of the Mississippi river, and the adjacent
| waters of the Great Bay of Barrataria, with an ex-
; aminotion of the character of the marsh land sep-
| aratin^ those waters, between the pilot station near
| the bar and Bayou Bull, as morked on the £opo-
; graphical chart in Senate document of 1st session
, 26th Congress, No. 403, in order to ascertain the
i practicability of cxcavating- a ship canal, of not
, less than thirty feet water, from the said Southwest
; Pass, to seven fatho.ns water (forty-two feet) in
. the said bay; the necessary extent of a mole, or
; breakwater, to reach seven fathoms, and an esti-
| mate of said canal and breakwater; also, that he
| report upon the effect which the location of a nary-
: yard and a ship canal there would have in strength-
ening, or otherwise, the defences of the Musis-
1 sippi river; aad that the result of said survey and
