1196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 5,
which, after the first day of December, one thousand eight
hundred and toriy-six, shall have been offered for saie fiu<*en
years or more on the fiist of December, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-one, shall then be subject to graduation
and entry, in like manner and at like periods of five years;
and that all public lauds which bhall have been offered for
sale fifteen years or mote at the next succeeding penod, or
any subsequent one, shall be subjcct in like manner to grad-
uation and entry at like penodsof five years, as theycon>e-
cutively occur : Provided, That no one person, under the
provisions of this act, shall be authorized to purchase more
thau one section at the lowest rate ot fifty cents per acre.
Sec. 3. Jind be it farther enacted. That upon every reduc-
tion in the puces of'said lands which shall rake place. by the
graduating process of this act, the occupants or settlers upon
any of the said lands shall have the right of preemption at
such graduated or i educed puces, wlucli right shall extend
to a period of six months from and after the dates at which
the respective giaduations shall take place: and any land not
enteied by the lespeetive occupants or settlers within that
period, shall be liable to be enteied or purchased by any
other peison until the ne.U graduation or reduction in price
shall take place, when it shall, if not previously purchased,
be again subject to the right of preemption for six months,
as before, and so on fiom time to time as said reduction
shall take place : Provided, That nothing in this act contained
shall be confined to mteriere with any ) ight winch has ac-
crued or may accuc by virtue of any act granting preemp-
tions to actual :>ertlers upon the public lands.
Sec. 4. Jiwl be it further enucled, That all acts and parts
of acts as ptovide foi an exemption fioin the imposition of
taxes upon 1<uk1 sold by the United State:* for live years
fioni and aitei the day of sale, lie, and the same are heieby,
repealed.
And the question being on concurring in the
amendments of the Senate, they were read.
Mr. McCLERNAJND briefly explained them,
remarking1 that they were substantially the same
as the amendments of the House. And he de-
manded the previous question.
Mr. BRODHEAD and Mr. GORDON moved
that the bill and amendments be laid on the table.
Mr. BRODHEAD asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. GILES asked to be excused from voting, on
the ground that he had paired off with the gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Dillingham.]
Mr. G. was excused.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that there be a
call of the House, and asked the yeas and nays,
which weie ordered; and, being taken, were—
yeas 5G, nays 113.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question then recurred, and was taken, on
the motion that the bill and amendments be laid
on the table, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Arnold, Ashman, Bar-
nnger, B.dl, James Black, Bhmchaid, Brodhead, Milton
Brown, Builin^ton, W. W. Campbell, J. II. Campbell, Cai-
roll, J. G Chapman, Chipman, Cocke, Cranston, Cio/.a-i,
Culver, Gamtt Davi-s, Do Mntt, Doekery, Dunl.ip, E-Kill,
Eilswoith, Erdman, John II. Ewmg, Edwin H. Ewiric, Foot,
Goodyear, Gordon, Graham, Glider, Giinnrl],Giovei, Ham-
lin, Hampton. Ilai p. r, Eha>> B. Holmes, Hough, J- W. Hous-
ton, Samuel D. Hubbud, Hudson, Hungeifoid, Washington
Hunt, Chailes J. Ingeivoll, Joseph R. Inger-oli, Jenkins,
James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Daniel P. King. Proton
King, Luib, Lewis-, Levin, Long. McClean, McC'iate, Me-
Ilemv, McJIvairie, Marsh, Miller, Moselev, Moulton, Ntvcn,
NornV, Pendleton, Pollock, Ramsey, Rathbun, Ritter, Julius
Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Rout, Hunk, Saw telle, Se.im-
mon, Schcnok, Seaman, Seveiancc, Truman Smith, Albeit
Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Stiohni, Strong, Sykes, Thibo-
deaux, Thoma^son, Benjamin Thompson, James Thomp-
son, Tild-'n, Toombs, Tiumbo, Vinton, Wheaton, White,
Williams, Wihnot, Winthrop, Wood, Wright, and Young—
104.
NAYS—Messrs. S. Adams, Atkinson, Bedinger, Biggs,
James A. Black, Bowhn. Boyd, Bnnkerhoff, Burt, C.ithcart,
Reuben Chapman, Chas^, Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Culiom,
Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Dobbin, Douglass, Drom-
goole, Fctran, Ficklin, Garvm, Haralson, Harmari^on, Hen-
ley, Hoge, T*aac E. Holmes, Gvo. >S Houston, Edmund W.
Hub.ini, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Sea-
born Jones, Leake, La Sere, Ligon, Lumpkin, Maelay, Mc-
Clelland, McClemand, McConnell, J. J. McDowell, James
McDowell, McGauehev, MeKav, J. P. Martin. B. Martin,
Mmns,Morse, Owen, Parnsh, Pajne, Peny, Pettit, Phelps,
VilW>tiry, Reid, Relfe, Rhett, Robots, Sawyer, Seddon. Al-
exander D. Sims, Leonard II. Sims, Simpson, Thomas
Smith. C. B. Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Jacob Thomp-
son, Thiuman, Tibbalts, Towns, VVeatwoith, Wick, and
Woodwaid—79.
So the bill and amendments were laid on the
table.
Mr. GORDON moved a reconsideration of the
vote.
And the House decided that the vote should not
be leconsidered.
The House took up the bill entitled " An act to
provide for the payment of the evidences of public
debt in certain cases, which had been returned from
the Senate, that body disagreeing to the amendment
made by the House to the said bill,
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL explained the
difference between the provisions of the bill as
adopted severally by the two Houses; stating the
objections which, in his judgment, existed to the
amendment of the Senate.
And Mr. I. moved that the House insist on its
disagreement.
Mr. McKAY thought the objections to the
amendment of the Senate were not so strong as
had been represented by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. J. R. Incersoll.] For his own
part, he (Mr. McK.) was willing to recede. He
would not, however, oppose the motion to insist,
but would move at the same time that a committee
of conference be appointed.
Mr. PETTIT opposed the passage of the bill in
any form.
Mr. COBB would be willing to recede, he said,
as he would be willing to vote for the proposition
of the gentleman from .North Carolina, [Mr, Mc-
Kay.] Mr. C. moved the previous question, but
withdrew it at the request of
Mr. DROMGOOLE, who thought that the Sen-
ate bill was better drawn and guarded than the
bill of the House; and he moved that the House
recede.
Mr.BRINKERHOFF demanded the previous
question.
But there was no second.
And the question being taken first on the motion
to recede,
The House refused to recede, [which is equiva-
lent to a \ote to insist.]
And a committee of conference was ordered to
be appointed.
In the case of the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill for the relief of Richard Elliott,
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the House recede.
The House refused to recede.
On motion of Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, the
House insisted.
And, on motion of Mr. HUJSGERFORD, a
committee of conference was ordered to be ap-
pointed.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order of
business to be the call of the committees for re-
ports.
On motion of Mr. COCKE, submitted on leave,
Ordered, That the papers in the case of the heirs
of Samuel Jackson be withdrawn from the files of
the House.
Mr. MORRIS called up the motion heretofore
made, to reconsider the vote by which a resolution,
offered by him, instructing the Committee on the
Judiciary to report a bill adopting the existing :
laws of the State of Maryland in relation to slavery :
as the law of this District, and repealing all laws
of Congress in conflict therewith, had been laid on
the table.
Mr. M. asked the yeas and nays, which were
refused.
And the question being taken, the House refused
j to reconsider the vote.
| The SPEAKER again announced the regular
order of business.
Mr. PAYNE asked leave to offer a resolution.
Objected to.
THE INDEPENDENT TREASTJRY.
The Committee of Ways and Means having
been called in its order—
Mr. DROMGOOLE, from that committee, to
whom had been referred the amendments from the
Senate to the bill entitled "An act to provide for
the better organization of the Treasury, and for the
collection, safekeeping, transfer, and disbursement
of the public revenue," reported the same without
amendment.
And Mr. D., under instructions from the com-
mittee, recommended a concuirence on the part of
this House in the amendments of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The question, then, is on
concurrcncc.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON demanded the previous
question.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he desired a separate
vote on several amendments, and especially on the
last.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the bill and amend-
ments be laid on the table, and asked the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
The amendments having been read,
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL inquired whether it
would be in order to move an amendment to the
amendments?
The SPEAKER said not.
The question, " Shall the bill and amendments
be laid on the table?" was taken, and resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams, Arnold,
Ashrriun, Bamnger, Bell, Blanchard, Milton Brown, John
H. Campbell, Carroll, Jobo G-. Chapman, Cocke, Cranston,
Crozier, Culver, Garrett Davis, Doekery, John H. Ewing,
Edwin H. Ewmg, Foot, Graham, Gnder, Grinnell, Hamp-
ton, Harper, Hilhard, Eiias B. Holmes, John W. Houston,
Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph
R. Ingersoll, Daniel P. King, Lewis, Levin, Long, Mc-
Gaughey, MeHenry, Mcllvame, Marsh, Miller, Moseley, -
Pendleton, Pollock, Ramsey, Julius Rockwell, John A.
Rockwell, Root, Runk, Schenefc, Severance, Truman Smith,
Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Strohm. Thibo-
deaux, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson, Toombs, Trumbo,
Vinton, White, Winthrop, Wright, and Young—66
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
Bayly, Bedinger, Benton, Biggs, James Black, James A.
Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Bririkerfcolf, Brodhead, Burt, Catft-
cart, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb,
Collin, Constable, Culiom, Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel,
be Molt, Douglass, Diomgoole, Dunlap, Edsall, Ellsworth,
Erdman, Faran, Fickhn. Foster, Fries, Garvin, Giles, Good
year, Gordon, Grover, Ilamlin, Haralson, I-larmanson, Hen
lev, Hose, 1. E. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, G. S. Houston,
Edmund W'. Hubard, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Hunter,
Chailet- J. Ingfrsoll. Jenkins, James II. Johnson, Joseph
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn
Jones, Kaufman, Preston King, Lawrence, Leake, Leih,
La Sere, Lisbon, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClean, McClelland,
McClernand, McConnell, McCrate, Joseph J. McDowell,
James McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Barkicy Martin,
Moiris, Morse, Moulton, Njven, Nonis, Owen, Parnsh,
Pav ne, Perry, Peuit, Phelps, Pillsburv, Rathbun, Reid, Relfe,
Khett, Ritter, Robert*, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Sed-
don, Alexander D. Sims, L. H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas
Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, St. John, Strong, Sjkes,
James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts,
Towns, Wentworfh, Wheaton. Wick, Williams, Wihuot,
Wood, Woodward, and Yost—125.
So the bill and amendments were not laid on the
table.
The question recurring on the demand for the
previous question,
Mr. McKAY requested Mr. G. S. Houston to
withdraw it.
Mr. HOUSTON did so.
Mr. McKAY moved an amendment, the effect
of which he briefly stated would be, if adopted, to
postpone the time when gold and silver only shall
be received in payment of the public dues, from
the 1st of January to the 1st of April. If this were
adopted, he mentioned one or two of the amend-
ments of the Senate which he should vote against.
He renewed the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Some conversation occurred on a point of order,
between Mr. DROMGOOLE, Mr. McKAY, and
the SPEAKER.
The question was then taken (by tellers) on the
demand for the previous question, and the vote
stood, ayes 87, noes 61.
So there was a second.
And the mam question (on concurring in the
amendments) was ordered to be now taken.
The amendments were read, and those to which
no exception was taken, were concurred in with-
out a division.
On the amendment of Mr. McKAY to the amend-
ment of the Senate to section nineteen, a separate
vote was asked.
This amendment of the Senate postpones the
operation of the section of the bill which relates to
goljl and silver payments to the first day of Janu-
ary.
This amendment of Air. McKAY moved to
amend by striking out " January," and inserting
'* April.JJ
Mr. BARRINGER desired to be informed by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. McK.,] whether that committee had
not refused to recommend this amendment?
The reply of Mr. McKay, if he made any, was
not heard on the left of the chair.
Mr. DROA1GOOLE said, that the committee
had instructed him to move a concurrence in the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. D. asked the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment to the amendment, which were ordered; and,
I being taken, resulted as follows:
YFjAS—Mo.-sr*. Atkinson, Bayly, Bedinger, Bia^s, Boyd,
! Burt, William W. Campbell, John If. Campbell, Reubeu
; Chapman, Cha c, Collin. Constable, Culiom, Dobbin. Dun-
i lap, Edsall. Ellsworth, Ficklin, Garvin, Giles, Goodyear,
j Gordon, Hamlin, Hilhard, Isaac Holmes, Hopkins,
; Ilouffh, lltunimd W. Hubard, Hunter. Jenkins, James fl.
Johnson. Jo-oph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Kaufman,
^ Leake. La Seic, Maelav, Median, McClPllaud, McCrate,
, Joseph.!. McDowell, McKay, Marsh, John P. Martin. Bark-
h'yManni.Mor^e, Moulton, Niven, NoxiK Owen, Parrish,
1 Perry, Pillsburv, Reid, Rhett. Julius Rockwell, John A
Rockwall, Sawtelle, Scammon, Seddon, Leonard H. Sims,
- Simpson, Thomas Smith, Stanton, Strohm, Strong, Sykes,
