1200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 6.
ham, a member of her Majesty's most honorable
Privy Council, and her Majesty's Envoy Extraor-
dinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the United
States; who, after having communicated to each
other their respective full powers, found in good
and due form, have agreed upon and concluded the
following: articles:
article i.
From the point on the forty-ninth parallel of
north latitude, where the boundary laid down in
existing treaties and conventions between the Uni-
ted States and Great Britain terminates, the line of
boundary between the territories of the United
States, and those of her Britannic Majesty, shall be
continued westward along the said forty-ninth par-
allel of north latitude, to the middle of the channel
which separates the continent from Vancouver's
island; and thcnce southerly through the middle of
the said channel, and of Euca's Straits to the Paci-
fic ocean: Provided, however,That the navigation of
the whole of the said channel and straits south of
the forty-ninth parallel of north latitude remain
free and open to both parties.
article ii.
Prom the point at which the forty-ninth parallel
of north latitude shall be found to intersect the
great northern branch of the Columbia river, the
navigation of the said branch shall be free and
open to the Hudson Bay Company, and to all
British subjects trading with the same, to the point
where the said branch meets the main stream of
the Columbia, and thence down the said main
stream to the ocean, with free access into and
through the said river or rivers, it being understood
that all the usual portages along the line thus de-
scribed shall in like manner be free and open. In
navigating the said river or rivers, British subjects,
with their goods and produce, shall be treated on
the same footing as citizens of the United States;
ii being, however, always understood that nothing
in this article shall be construed as preventing, or
intended to prevent, the Government of the United
States from making any regulations respecting the
navigation of the said river or rivers not inconsist-
ent with the present treaty.
article iii.
In the future appropriation of the territory south
of the forty-ninth parallel of north latitude, as pro-
vided in the first article of this treaty, the posses-
sory rights of the Hudson Bay Company and of
all British subjects who may be already in the oc-
cupation of land or other property lawfully ac-
quired within the said territory, shall be respected.
article iv.
The farms, lands, and other property of every
description belonging to the Puget's Sound Agri-
cultural Company, on the north side of the Co-
lumbia river, shall be confirmed to the said com-
pany. In case, however, the situation of those
farms and lands should be considered by the Uni-
ted States to be of public and political importance,
and the United States Government should signify
a desire to obtain possession of the whole, or of
any part thereof, the property so required shall be
transferred to the said Government at a proper val-
•  uation, to be agreed upon between the parties.
article v.
The present treaty shall be ratified by the Presi-
dent of the United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate thereof, and by her Britan-
nic Majesty; and the ratification shall be exchanged
at London at the expiration of six months from
the date hereof, or sooner, if possible.
In witness whereof, the respective Plenipotentia-
ries have signed the same, and have affixed thereto
the seals of their arms.
Done at Washington the fifteenth day of June,
in the year of our .Lord one thousand eight hun-
dred and foity-six.
(Signed) JAMES BUCHANAN, [l. s.]
RICHARD PAKENHAM, [l. s.J
Mr. DOUGLASS rose and said, before he made
the motion he intended to mnke, lie wished to say
that the Committee on Territories had had the sub-
ject of a territorial government for Oregon under
consideration, and they had drawn up a bill for the
organization of a territorial government there,
which would be m accordance with the settlement
which had been made, or at any rate would not
conflict with it in any particular, and which it was
presumed embraced no objectionable features, and
would give rise to no debate. It simply provided
for the ordinary territorial government. And he 1
was instructed by the committee to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to report this bill at
this time, that it might be considered in connexion
with the message. If any objection was made,
he should mo%e a suspension of the rules for its
reception.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. I wc^uld very respectfully
suggest to the gentleman from Illinois that it would
be more in order to dispose of the pending mes-
sage, either by referring to some committee or by
laying it on the table.
Mr. DOUGLASS. In reply, I would state to
the gentleman from Virginia 
Mr. DROMGOOLE. I move to lay the mes-
sage on the table.
The motion being agreed to, the message was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOUGLASS then, the unanimous consent
of the House being accorded, reported, from the
Committee on Territories, a bill to establish the
territorial government of Oregon.
The bill having been read twice by its title,
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON rose and said, that,
in behalf of himself and other members, constitu-
ting a minority of the Committee on the Territo-
ries, he desired to offer the following amendment i
to the bill: j
Amend the 12tli section in the 1 Oth line, by inserting after !
the word u Oregon," the following: I
" And m>j ther slavery nor involuntary servitude shall ever
exist in paid Teintoiy, except for crime, wliereol the party
shall have been duly coavicted."
After some conversation on a point of order—
Mr. DOUGLASS said he would ask the House
to suspend the rules, for the purpose of consider-
ing the bill in the House, without going into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
He presumed it would not take fifteen minutes.
Objection was made.
Mr. DO [JGLASS moved the commitment of
the bill and amendment to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that they be
printed. j
Mr. McDOWELL, of Ohio, inquired of Mr.
Douglass whether the bill observed the joint occu-
pant rights of British subjects, secured to them
under the treaty, south of 49°?
Mr. DOUGLASS said the bill contained nothing
on that point, but left it to subsequent legislation.
The bill and proposed amendment were then
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to he printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Treasury Department on
the subject Bf light-houses; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McCLELLAND desired to move the print-
ing of 500 extra copies for the use of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Objected to.
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN, the Committee
of the Whole on Uie state of the Union was dis-
charged from the consideration of the bill to regu-
late the proceedings of the circuitand'district courts
of the State of New York.
And the question being on ordering the bill to a
third reading,
Mr. BRLVKERHOFF moved an amendment,
which was declared out of order.
Mr. THURMAN offered an amendment, which
was rejected.
The bill underwent some amendment on motion
of Messrs. RATHBUN and WOOD.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON demanded the previous
question; which was seconded.
The main question was ordered; and, being j
taken, the bill was read a third time, and passed. ;|
Mr. McKAY offered a resolution, in the usual
form, providing that all debate in Committee of 1
the Whole on the state of the Union on the amend- '
ments to the naval appropriation bill should termi- '.j
nate in thirty minutes after it shall again have been
taken up. j
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved two hours. j
The amendment was lejected.
And the resolution was adopted.
THE VETO.
_ Mr. G. S. HOUSTON desired to submit a mo-
tion to print the message of the President return-
ing, with his objections, the river and harbor bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH objected.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House, on motion of Mr. McKAY, re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. McClern-and was invited to resume the
chair, but excused himself.
Mr. Cobb was invited to the chair, and took it.
The committee resumed the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the bill making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year end-
ing June 30, 1847.
Mr. STANTON made some remarks touching
an amendment heretofore offered by him in relation
to the Memphis navy-yard.
Mr. CROZIER made some remarks in reply to
the recently published speech of Mr. G. S. ttous-
TON.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON replied.
Mr. McKAY said a few words in explanation
of one of the amendments of the Senate.
The time allotted for debate having expired, the
amendments of the Senate and amendments offer-
ed thereto were acted upon; some having been
agreed to, and some rejected.
And the committee rose and reported its action
to the House.
Mr. HUNGERFORD demanded the previous
question; which was seconded.
And the main question (on agreeing to the sev-
eral amendments reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union) was ordered
to be now taken.
[Mr. Wheaton, from the Committee on Enrol-
led Bills, made a report; and, on motion of Mr.
W., an additional member was ordered to be ap-
pointed on said committee.]
The House concurred with the committee in its
action, without any record vote.
The bill was then returned to the Senate.
Tho bill making appropriations for the Military
Academy at West Point, which had been returned
amended from the Senate, was taken up and refer-
red, on motion of Mr. McKAY, to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
The bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
current fiscal year, which had been returned from
the Senate with sundry amendments, was taken
up, and referred, on motion of Mr. McKAY, to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
OREGON.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLASS, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Henley, of Indiana, in
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the bill establishing the territorial government of
Oregon.
The bill having been read through, was taken
up by sections.
Mr. McCONNELL wished to offer, asan amend-
ment, an additional section, authorizing every man,
maid, or widow, being the head of a family, to
enter one hundred and sixty acres of land in any
portion of the territory of the United States.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment out
of order at this time.
Mr. ADAMS addressed/the committee, but in
a voice so feeble that it was nearly impossible to
hear him in any poition of the hall. Members
crowded around him, filling up the area in front of
the Speaker, insomuch that in the course of his
remarks they were once or twice called to order,
and if was insisted by the Chairman (in behalf of
those few gentlemen who remained in their seats)
that the area should be cleared in accordance with
the rule. Under these circumstances, the reporter
regrets that but very little of what he said reached
his desk.
He was understood to refer to a printed bill he
held in his hand, reported some time since from
tho Committee on Territories, which fixed the
boundary north at the line of 54° 40', and to in-
quire of the chairman of the Committee on Terri-
tories why the boundaries were not also specified
m this bill5
Mr. DOUGLASS (Mr. A. yielding) said he sup-
posed the boundaries were definitely fixed by tne
bill. The bill said that all that part of the territory
of the United States which lies west of the summit
of the Rocky Mountains be, and the same is here-
by, organized into a Territory, to be called the Ter-
ritory of Oregon. The southern boundary is fixed
definitely by treaty with Mexico; the northern
boundary is fixed definitely, as we are informed
by the President, by treaty with Great Britain;
