THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29tii Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1846.
New Series....No 76.
the western boundary, of course, is the Pacific
ocean; and the eastern boundary is set out in the
bill. I suppose, therefore, of course, there can be
no question as to boundary.
Mr. ADAMS said he was reading from the
printed bill before him, in which the boundaries
were expressly laid down, being on the south
by the 42d degree of latitude, on the east by the
summit of the Rocky Mountains, on the north by
the line of 54° 40', and on the west by the Pacific
ocean. These boundaries were defined with great
precision. He should have been happy if they
nad been so settled that the chairman eould have
now reported the same boundaries.
Mr. DOUGLASS would have been equally hap-
py if he could have reported the same boundaries
now under the treaty stipulations.
Mr. ADAMS insisted that the boundaries should
be defined by the bill,|and<that if they -were left to
the construction of treaties by the government of
Oregon, it would lead to confusion, and perhaps to
conflict with foreign governments.
Mr. DOUGLASS remarked that the present'bill
stood in regard to boundaries precisely the same as
a bill which this House had passed during the
present session, and sent to the Senate.
Mr. PETTIT was understood to say that the
President had sent in the treaty which had been
lately ratified, this morning;.
Mr. ADAMS further contended that the de-
scribing it as all the territory of the United States
west of the Rocky Mountains was not saying
what the boundaries were, and it appeared to him
that it was not safe for them to enact anything so
indefinite. The boundaries should be described.
A reference to existing treaties was no authority
whatsoever to the governor or government of the
Territory of Oregon now established. When we
constituted government over a territory we defined
the boundaries of that territory, so that the gov-
ernment established there might know how far
they might claim jurisdiction, and how far they
might not, so as to avoid all cauf-e of quarrel. He
hoped, therefore, that the bill would be so amend-
ed as to describe the boundaries. For, after ail,
there might be a question what the boundary is
under the treaty. "VVe have not seen the treaty.
The gentleman [Mr. Pettit] says it has been
communicated to the House this morning, but it
has not been printed, and we know nothing of
what are the boundaries established by it except
by rumor.
He understood it was not clear what the real
obligations of the treaty were. For instance: at
the time the treaty was ratified here it was stated
in the newspapers that the navigation of the Co-
lumbia river was granted to the British Hudson
Bay Company, and British subjects trading there-
with, only during the existence of the present
charter of that company. It is sta.ted in the Brit-
ish papers that this is erroneous, and that the grant
is permanent. There is a great difference. And
I confess (continued Mr. A.) it was some consola-
tion to me for that present which we have made of
six degrees of latitude to Great Britain that—[the
remainder of the sentence was lost to the reporter.]
Now, a permanent right to the navigation of the
'Columbia river on the part of Great Britain is one
of the things to which I would never have assent-
ed. I hope it is not so. I hope at least that the
treaty is such as that we can hereafter maintain—
yes, maintain to the last moment—that the naviga-
tion of the Columbia by Great Britain shall be
temporary. If I should live to that time—and
God knows I shall not—I would go to war with
Great Britain rather than agree to the permanent
navigation by her of the Columbia river. Sir, at
a very early period of the session I declared my
firm belief of the right of the United States to the
boundary on the line of 54° 40' north. It was not
a new idea to me; for years and years I had enter-
tained that opinion; and in the 27th Congress—a
Whig Congress—I had the honor of being a mem-
ber of a committee, of which Mr. William Cost
Johnson was chairman, and in a report made to
this House that position was distinctly taken by
nine members of that committee.
76
Great Britain, in my opinion, had no claim to
one inch of the territory she has now received.
We have given to her as a present the navigation
of the Columbia river, together with Q-uadra's
island, (that is the right name, though some call it
Vancouver's.) We have not even adhered to the
line which was the fighting line of the Forty-Nines
—we have given her a part of the territory south
of 49°.
But this course of remark was, perhaps, not
entirely pertinent to the bill under consideration.
His objection to that bill was that it did not pre-
cisely define the boundaries of the Territory.
Mr. PETTIT interposed, and wished the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to give his opinion
whether the grant of the navigation of the Colum-
bia river to Great Britain was a permanent or
merely a tenroorary grant ?
Mr. ADAMS. I would answer the gentleman
from Indiana with great pleasure if I had seen the
treaty, but I have not. I know the representation
made of it in the newspapers here—among others,
in the organ of the Administration, the Union—in
which it was said to be temporary—during the ex-
istence of the Hudson Bay Company's present
charter, which terminates m 1858—and not per-
manent. But I have observed in the newspapers
that Sir Robert Peel, in giving an account of that
treaty, says that it grants to them the positive right
of navigation of the Columbia perpetually. There-
fore I am unable to answer the gentleman from In-
diana, which I would do with great pleasure, espe-
cially if the true state of the case was according to
the representation made of it here—that is to say,
temporary, and only during the existence of the
present charter of the Hudson Bay Company.
As I said before, I hope that the phraseology is
such as will at least allow us to put in claim as in
a chancery suit. I hope that the chairman of the
Committee on Territories, or some other gentle-
man, will move an amendment to define the boun-
dary of that territory. If there is a question as to
what the boundaries are, I hope this bill will lay
them down distinctly. But the gentleman from
Illinois, the chairman of the Committee on Terri-
tories, if we iudge by the indefinite expressions of
the bill, leavingittobe inferred only how far north
the territory extends, seems to be ashamed of the
boundary which by treaty we have obtained. That
boundary cuts us off from the harbors of Puget
Sound; those harbors which were described as so
valuable and essential to our commerce on the Pa-
cific by a gentleman from Indiana, who I see
near me, [Mr. Owen.] In his speech on the Oregon
question, he spoke in strong terms on this subject.
Mr. OWEN (Mr. A. yielding) said it is true
that I spoke in the strongest terms of the safety,
and of the value to us, as the future owners of
Oregon, of the waters of Puget Sound. But it is
also true that the parallel of 49° runs out to the sea,
at what I believe is called the Gulf of Georgia, and
continued thence down the centre of the Straits of
Fuca to the Pacific, leaves to us, south of that
line, the whole of Puget Sound, and of Admiralty
Inlet. Great Britain, by the treaty, relinquishes
these to us.
Mr. ADAMS. I think, if the gentleman will
examine the map, he will find that the line in ques-
ion cuts us off from Puget Sound.
Mr. OWEN. I have examined the matter care-
fully, and am certain of the statement I make.
Mr. ADAMS. Well, be it as it may, Great
Britain has secured the free navigation of that
sound, and the adjoining straits. I repeat that we
have made a present to Great Britain of six degrees
of latitude; and some of the Fifty-four Forties seem
ashamed enough of their position.
Mr. DOUGLASS would state to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, that he was ashamed of the
boundary of 49°, and instead of making mention of
it, preferred to report a bill defining the boundary,
in precisely such a manner as was done in a bill
which the gentleman from Massachusetts himself
had once voted for this year. And he had thought
he might follow the gentleman, as a 54° 40' man,
with safety.
Mr. ADAMS. Did I vote for such a bill ? Has
there a bill on the subject of Oregon passed the
House at this session ?
Mr. DOUGLASS. Yes; there lias been an Ore-
gon bill which passed this House establishing a
territorial governmeut over all the territory of the
United States west of the Uoeky Mountains, with-
out defining boundaries, and you and I voted for it.
Mr. ADAMS. I recollect now. That was
while the question of boundary was in controver-
sy between us and Great Britain. It left the
question open, to be settled as it has been settled,
gainst us.
Mr. A. recurred to the bill which he held in his
hand, and to the fact that the advocates of 54° 40*
were entirely ready at an earlier stage of the session
to define precisely the boundary of the territory
upon that line; but now, he said,.we had a bill
mentioning no boundaries. He repeated that we
could have no definite rights unless we had the
boundaries defined. He hoped, therefore, the 1st
section would be amended by declaring precisely
the boundaries of the territory.
Mr. DOUGLASS explained, that he thought
the boundaries designated by the bill sufficiently
clear and explicit, insomuch that there could be no
doubt upon the subject. Another reason why he
was unwilling to define them more specifically
was, if there was doubt about the terms of the
treaty, he would like, as the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had mentioned, that ground enough
should be left to found a chancery suit upon it.
And he did not want anything in an act of Con-
gress making it more humiliating than it now is.
Therefore, he had thought it unnecessary at this
early day to give a legislative exposition of the
treaty which would yield more than we have yield-
ed by treaty. Inasmuch as we had concluded a
treaty, and as they had passed one bill in this way,
he thought it best not to define the limits. For
that reason, concurring with the gentleman from
Massachusetts as to the humiliation of the posi-
tion, he declined writing down the boundary of
49°. He never could do so.
Mr. SCHENCK, after some conversation as to
the precise state of the pending question, gave
notice of his intention to move, when in order, an
amendment to the 1st section, to insert after the
word " territory," the words "now belonging."
Mr. S. said he thought, with the venerable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] that
there ought to be something defining the limits of
the terri tory upon which this bill wasto operate.
Such had been the case in all organizations of ter-
ritories heretofore. But he was not entirely satis-
fied that they had not to some extent sufficiently
defined the limits in the bill as it now stands, pro-
vided the amendment which he had indicated was
incorporated so as that this bill should operate
upon all the territory now belonging to the United
States west of the summitof the Rocky Mountains.
He would have preferred that the bill should have
defined the limits according to the treaty. The
treaty was the supreme law of the land, and what-
ever regulation might be made would be construed
in accordance with the treaty, if therefore we or-
ganized a territorial government over the territory
belonging to the United States, the law and the
treaty being construed together, there was a suffi-
ciently defined limit.
But he had another objection. He would leave
the gentleman from Illinois and the gentleman
from Massachusetts to fight the bill along the lim-
its of 49° or 54° 40' at their pleasure. He pre-
sumed, however, it would be one of the most
refreshing things in the world—far exceeding the
refreshment which the gentleman .from South Car-
olina. [Mr. Holmes] found in the veto—if they
could have read now from the Clerk's stand one
of the belligerent speeches delivered a few-months
ago by some of the fifty-four-forty men. But there
might be a difficulty on the other side of this ter-
ritory than the northern boundary. He wished
this bill so limited as to avoid any future difficul-
ties in regard to California on the south. If the
bill were to pass in its present form, it would have
a .sort of expansibility, by which it would fall
down within the limits of the territory which the
