1204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 7,
sections to the bill—one extending our Indian
laws over the territory, and the other creating an
additional Indian agency for that country. Agreed
to.
Upon the reading of the provision which directs
" that no one session of the Legislative Council of
the Territory shall exceed the term of sixty days,"
it was, on motion of Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL,
amended by adding, "and one session only shall
be held in any one year."
Mr. CAMPBELL also proposed^ an amend-
ment restricting the right of suffrage in the Terri-
tory to citizens of the United States only, and
excluding those who shall have only declared their
intention to become citizens. Carried: Ayes 75,
noes 48.
On motion of Mr. FARAN, the word "free''
before the word "white" was stricken out, so
that every white male above the age of twenty-one
years may vote in the first election, and shall be
eligible to any office within said Territory.
Mr. PETTIT moved to amend so as to give the
chief justice and the associate justices of the supreme
court of the Territory, an annual salary of $2,000
each, instead of #1,500. Negatived.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON moved to insert the
following: "And neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude shall ever exist in said Territory, except
in the punishment of crimes." Agreed to: Ayes
100, noes not counted.
Mr. CUMMINS moved an amendment, restrict-
ing the allowance of mileage to the delegate that
may be sent to Congress to $2,000 a year.
Mr. moved ^1,200. Negatived.
The $2,000 proposition was then adopted: Ayes
80, noes not counted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing contained in this act
shall be construed to apply to any country or ter-
ritory not now belonging to and lying within the
limits of the United States.
Negatived.
Mr. McCONNELL moved an amendment grant-
ing 160 acres of land to settlers in the territory.
Mr. McHENRY moved an amendment grant-
ing 320 acres of land. Negatived.
Mr. McConnell's proposition was then rejected.
Mr. WINTHROP proposed an amendment
granting to Mrs. Martha Gray, the widow of Capt.
Robert Gray, the discoverer of the Columbia river,
a township of land, to be located in the Oregon
territory. Carried: Ayes 83, noes 46.
The committee then rose and reported the bill
and amendments to the House.
Mr. DOUGLASS demanded the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded, and the main question
was ordered to be now taken, [which main ques-
tion was on concurring in the amendments, and on
ordering the bill to a third reading.]
Snch amendments as are not herein more partic-
ularly noticed, were concurred in without a record
■vote.
On concurring in the amendment of Mr. JAMES
THOMPSON to the 12th section, providing that
neither slavery nor involuntary servitude shall ever
exjst in the said territory, except for crime whereof
the party shall have been convicted,
Mr. ASHMUN asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Qumcy Adams, Anderson,
Arnold, Ashmun, Benton, Blanchaid, Brmkeihoff, Brod-
head, William W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll,
Cathcatt, Collin, Cranston, Culver, Cummins, Cunningham,
De Mott, Dunlap, Edsall, J511 \Yurth, Eulmdn, J. H. Ewmg,
Faran, Foot, Foster, Fries, Garvin, Giles, Goodyear, Gor-
don, Gnder, Grinnc 11, Grover, Ilamhn, Hampton, Harper,
Henley, Elias B. Holmes, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson,
Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B. Ilunt, Jenkins,
James H. Johnson, Kaufman, Daniel P. King. Preston Kmo,
Lawrence, Lewis, Maelay, MeCIean, McClelland, MeCrate,
MeGaugUev, McHenry, Mcllvamc, Marsh, Miller, Moms,
Moulton, "Niven, Norrjs, Owen, Partu-h, Pettit, Pillsbury,
Pollock, Ramsey, Rathlmn, Ritter, Julius Rockwell. John
A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon,
Sohenek, Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, A. Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Staikweather, Stewart, St John, Sfrohm,
Sykes, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson, James Thomp-
son, Tiumnan, Vinton, Wentworth, WTieaton, White,
Wick, Williams, Wilmot, Wmthrop, Wood, Woodworth,
Wright, Young, and Yost—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Barringer, Biags, Jas.
A. Black, Bowlm, Boyd, Bioekenbrougli, John G. Chap-
man, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Cobb,"Cooke, Constable,
Crozier, Cullom, Daniel, Garret Davis, Dobbin, Dromgoole,
Edwin H. Ewing, Fieklm, Giaham, Haralson, Harmansonl
Isaac E. Holmes, Edmund VW Hubard, Charles J. Inger-
soll, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, La Sere, Long,
Lumpkin, MeConnell, James McDowell, McKay, John P.
Martin, Morse, Reid, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims.
Toombs, Trumbo, and Woodward—43.
So the amendment was concurred in.
On concurring in the amendment of Mr. "W&N-
throp, granting a township of land in the Oregon
Territory to Martha Gray, widow of Captain Gray,
the~ acknowledged discoverer of the Columbia
river, and to her heirs forever,
Mr. BOYD asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Ciuincy Adams, Arnold,
Ashmun, Barringer, Blanehard, William W. Campbell, John
II. Campbell, Carroll, Cathcart, John G. Chapman, Cran-
ston, Crozier, Culver, Garrett Davis, Dockery, Dunlap,
Edsall, John H. Ewing, Foot, Graham, Grinneli, Hamlin,
Harper, EJias B. Holmes, Isaac E. Holmes, S. D. Hubbard,
Hudson, Washington Hunt, Jenkins, James II. Johnson,
Daniel P. King, Lewis, Long, Macla>, McClelland, James
M4£)owelI, McGaughfy, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller, Niven,
Owen, Parrish, Pillsbury, Pollock, Ramsey, Julius Rock-
well, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Scammon, Schenck,
Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Stewart, Strohm, Strong, Thomasson, Benjamin
Thompson. Thurrnan, Trumbo, Vinton, Wentworth, White,
Wilmot, Wmthrop, Woodworth, Wright, and Young—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Bigg£, James A. Black,
Bowhn, Boyd, Brinkerhoff, Broekenbrough, Burt, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Cobb, Cocke, Collin, Cullom, Cummins,
Cunningham, Daniel, De Mott, Dobbin, Douglass, Drom-
goole, Ellsworth, Erdman, Fries, Garvin, Giles, Goodyear,
Gordon, Grover, Haralson, Harmanson, Henley, Hopkins,
George S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Hungerford, James
B. Hunt, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Seaborn Jones,
Kaufman, Preston King, La Sere, Lumpkin, McClean, Mc-
Clernand, MeConnell, MeCrate, McKay, John P. Martin,
Morris, Moulfon, Payne, Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Rathbun,
Reid, Ritter, Roberts, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Alexander D.Sims,
Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Starkweather, St. John, Sykes,
James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Towns,
Wheaton, Wick, Williams, Woodwaid, and Yost—77.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON said he wished to make
a privileged motion. When the bill ceding lands
to Tennessee was before the House this morning,
he had called for the reading of it, which was not
ordered. He had voted for the bill upon trust,
reposing confidence in the committee. Since then
he had examined the bill, and found it different
from what he had understood it to be. The bill
went further thanhe was willing to go by his vote.
He feared that it involved principles to which he
could not give his assent. He therefore wished to
know if it was in order to move to reconsider it.
The SPEAKER said that the House had already
refused to reconsider the vote.
PERUVIAN INDEMNITY.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Tibbatts
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the bill to carry into effect a convention between
the United Slates and Peru. The bill directs the
Attorney General to adjudicate upon claims of citi-
zens of the United States against Peru, the liquida-
tion and payment of which is provided for by the
convention. j
Mr. MILLER proposed an amendment, so as i
to direct that the expense of carrying the conven- |
tion into effect shall be paid out of the indemnity ;
fund, instead of the treasury of the United States,
saying he had the authority of the claimants for
proposing the amendment.
After a good deal of difficulty and confusion the
amendment was adopted.
The committee having gone through the bill—
Mr. SAWYER rose and said there was more
behind this bill than met the eye, and he went on
to give a history of the subject. He said the
money had not been received from the Govern-
ment of Peru, nor was it expected to be for ten
years to come.   Get the money first and provide
for its distribution afterwards. If this bill pass,
you will be called upon at the next session to make
appropriations to pay the awards of the Attorney
General.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS explained, and said it
was intended, if the bill passed, only to distribute
the indemnity as it might be received into the
Treasury of the United States, and in no case to
pay awards from the money of the United States.
Mr. MTLLER gave a full statement of the mat-
ter. The instalments were to he paid within ten
years, in instalments of $30,000 a year; three in-
stalments were now due; and the Secretary of
State stated to the principal claimant a few days
ago that he expected these three instalments would
be received in the course of three months or less.
Mr. PRESTON KING, for the purpose of de-
feating the bill, moved to strike out the last sec-
tion.
On this motion only a very few voted in the
affirmative, a large number in the negative; but a
quorum did not vote. • '
Mr. VINTON moved that- the committee rise,
with a view to discharge the Committee of the
Whole from the further consideration of the bill,
and bring it into the House, where, by the yeas,
and nays, members could be compelled to vote.
Agreed to.
And the committee rose.
Mr. VINTON then made his motion to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole; which was
agreed to.
And the bill was taken up in the House and
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jlugxist 7, 1846-
The House bill regulating the district and circuit
courts of the United States, was read twice and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which was read:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate cause
to be printed for the use of the Senate the follow-
ing paper:
"Extract from the charter granted to the Hudson Bay
Company by Charles II, dated May the 2d,4 in the two and!
twentieth year of his reign,' being. 3671:
" The third section provides that the persons named, £and
4 such, others as shall be admitted Into the said society, as i 
< hereafter expiessed, shall be one body corporate and poli-
< tique, in deed and in name, by the name of the Governor
e and Company of Adventurers of England, trading into Hud"
* son's Bay, and them by the name of the Governor and Com-
' party of J1S venturers of England,trading into HudsonJs Bayf
' one bodv corporate and politique, in deed and in name,
{really and fully forever for us, our heirs, and successors/
&c.
" Section 12. JhvL further, we do by these presents for
u?, our heirs, and successors, make, create, and constitute
thesaid Governor and Company,for the time being, and their
successors, the true and absolute lords and proprietors of the
same territories, limits, and places aforesaid, and of all other
the premises, saving always the faith and allegiance and
sovereign dominion to us, onr heirs, and successors, for the
same; to havp, hold, possess, and enjoy the said territories,
limits, and places, and all and singular other the premises
hereby granted, as aforesaid, with their and every of their
rights, members, jurisdictions, prerogatives, royalties*, and
appurtenances whatsoever, to them the said Governor an<J
Company, and their successors forever, to be holden of us?
our heirs, and successors-, as of our manor of East Green-
wich, in the county of Kent, in free and common soecage,
and not ia capite, or by knight service, yielding and paving
yearly to us, our heirs, and successors, for the same, two
elk'? ami two black beavers, whensoever and as often as we,
our heirs, and successors shall happen to enter into the said
countries, territories, and regions, hereby granted."
Mr. SEVIER suggested the printing of the act
of Parliament chartering the Hudson Bay Com-
pany.
Mr. CASS would merely remark that the infor-
mation to be printed was important to the Ameri-
can people. lie had no objection to the printing
of the act of Parliament, but it had nothing to do
with the matter.
Mr. R. JOHNSON objected to the considera-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. SEVIER wished to make a single remark.
Mr. R. JOHNSON would waive his objection
for that purpose.
Mr. SEVIER. The Senator contends that the
navigation of the river is given to the company
perpetually.
Mr. CASS. I say without limitation.
Mr. SEVIER. Many of us differ in opinion
from the Senator on that point.
Mr. BENTON. The matter will come up at
the proper time.
Mr. SEVIER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to avail himself of such means as may be afforded
by the organization of the Indian department to
collect all such information as may lie practicable
respecting the condition, habits, and progress of
the Indian tribes of the United States; anil to lay
the same from time to time, as may be convenient,
before the Senate.
Mr. WEBSTER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform the Senate whether any treas-
ury notes have been issued under the late law au-
thorizing such issues; and if any, to what amount;
and if not, what reason has prevented such issues.
