1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1207
This company, under the belief that they were
accepted into the service of the country, in less
than forty-eight hours after notice took up the line
of March, and went by land 110 miles, and be-
tween 350 and 400 miles by the river, to the place
of rendezvous. But they were finally rejected,
and had the mortification of being forced to return
home. He hoped their expenses would be paid,
and he hoped the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means would see no danger in admit-
' ting this amendment.
Mr. McKAY opposed the amendment. The
joint resolution, he said, had been drawn up on
consultation with the head of the "War Depart-
ment, and he (Mr. McK.) did not therefore feel
authorized to vote for any amendment. He hoped
it would be rejected. And he moved the previeus
question.
Mr. RATIIBUN submitted that the joint reso-
lution must be committed.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
There was no appropriation, nor could a joint res-
olution appropriate money.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded.
The main question was ordered; and, being ta-
ken, the amendment was rejected; and the joint
resolution was read a third time and passed.
. Mr. RATHBUN made an ineffectual effort to
bring the House to the consideration of the bill for
the reorganization of the State Department.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON made an unsuccess-
ful attempt to report a joint resolution (purport not
stated) from the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. ASHMUiN" endeavored unsuccessfully to
have the committees called for reports.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, was called to the
chair.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. McKAY moved that the committee proceed
to the consideration of the amendments to this
bill.
The motion was rej ected.
POST ROUTES.
On rtotion of Mr. HOPKINS, the committee
took up the bill to establish certain post routes.
The reading of the bill through, was dispensed
with, and it was taken up by items.
The bill was considered, and a great number of
amendments were offered.
Connected with the subject of post routes in
Texas, that of free mail facilities to our army on
the Rio Grande came up. Some conversation en-
sued upon it, and two or three different projects
were offered—all of which, however, were, by
general consent, concentrated in one offered by Mr.
Kaufman, and the question beins; taken, this was
rejected, but 21 members voting in favor of it.
Amongst the proposed amendments was the fol-
lowing:
Mr. HOPKINS moved to strike out the follow-
ing clause from the bill:
" FLORIDA.
" " Fro:n Pensacola, L>v Apiialacliieola, St. Marks, Cedar
Kevs, Tampa Bay, Key West, thencc to Havana, and return
by MUmt rivfi, Mosquito Inlet, St. Augustine, and Jack-
sonville, to Charleston, once a month in steamboats suscepti-
ble of being converted into war steamers, under tlie'regula-
tions provided in the act approved the third of March,
eighteen hundred and forty-five, entitled, "An act to pro-
vide for the transportation of the mail between the United
States and other countries," provided the expense shall not
exceed thirty thousand dollars, hereby appropriated to defray
the expenses of the same, out of any money in the treasury
not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. H. supported his amendment in a few re-
marks, objecting principally to its insertion in this
bill.
Mr. BROCKENB ROUGH hoped the gentle-
man at the head of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, after admitting the neces-
sity and propriety of this measure and his own
favor towards it, would not insist upon striking
out, merely on account of a technicality, and be-
cause he thought it improper to begin this system
in a route bill. He (Mr. B.) had refrained from
pressing divers routes in his State, in order to
facilitate the adoption of this the most necessary,
and which would answer the place of several others.
It was recommended by the Postmaster General,
and approved by all public officers to whom it had
been explained. He had, at an early period, in-
troduced a resolution upon this subject, which had
been a long time under the consideration of the
committee, and he believed the plan was unani-
mously approved by them, and the only difficulty
was as to the propriety of inserting it in this bill.
Such difficulties would seem always to exist. If
he proposed to insert it in the post office appro-
priation bill, he would be told there was no route
established, and it would be out of order to pro-
pose an appropriation until a route was establish-
ed, by express rule of the House. And now if
he proposed a route without the appropriation, it
could not be carried into effect. He regretted these
technical objections to a matter admitted to be
proper in itself.
It was even necessary to carry on the operations
of Government itself, throwing the immense value
to his constituents out of the question. He would
refer to letters which he held in his hand from the
Engineer Department, which exhibited in striking
light the necessity of this matter for the public
service:
Engineer Department,
Washington, Jlug. o, 1846.
Sir : In conformity with my promise of yesterday, ] trans-
mit several extracts from letters addressed to this depart-
ment by the engineer officer in charge of the fortifications
under construction at Key West, complaining of the delays
and difficulties attending the present mail arrangement.
Were there time, I might adduce other extracts of similar
tenor; but it can hardly be necessary, as these show very
plainly the state of the case, and the importunate anxiety of
the officer for the establishment of more frequent and cer-
tain means of communicating with his sourecs of supply.
I am sure the present arrangement of the mails has involved
at these works a material loss of money as well as time, not-
withstanding the exercise of a vigilant forecast; and I ap-
prehend still worse consequences as the operations shall
advance and become more complicated.
We aie about commencing a fort at the Tortugas ; as to
which all the embarrassments of which Captain Button
complains will be lepeated, or agspavated rather, unless
Congress shall think proper to apply some remedy.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obe-
dient, JOS. G. TOTTEN,
Colonel and Chief Fsngincer.
Hon. W, H. Brocicenbrougii,
House of Representatives.
Extracts from letters from Capt. George Dutton, corps of en-
gineers, superintending construction of fortification at Ji~ey
JVest, Florida, to the Chief Engineer, relating to the neces-
sity of increased mail facilities to that place to further the
operations under his charge.
From leller dated Key TVest, 14, 3845.
"The present mail arrangements for this place, together
with its remote position, is the most serious obstacle of all
to the speedy commencement of operations. Some of ifcy
most important business letters are six weeks old before
they reach me. It seems to me evident that if the Govern-
ment intends to carry on an extensive system of works in
this neighborhood, some different and much better arrange-
ment in this rcspect will have to be made."
From the same, of May 15,1845.
«I have, in my former letters,.alluded to the necessity of
better mail arrangements for this place; and if the depart-
ment would use its influence in this respect to aid the pro-
posed reform, it might greatly assist. It would hurry us
along tbnee as fast, if a semi-monthly mail were run to
Tampa Bay; which might be done for a trifle more than the
present cost."
From the same, of June 9,1845.
"In several of mv communications, I have submitted
sue^estions in regard to the mail airangements for this
place, to which t beg leave to call the attention of the de-
partment."
From the same, of June 14,1845.
" I have frequently alluded, in my correspondence, to the
necessity of a better mail arrangement tor this place, sup-
posing it within the competency of the Post Office Depart-
ment to remedy the difficulty. In this, however, I may be
mistaken; but whoever may have charge here will find that
he cannot conduct the business of the works with rapidity
and success, without a very material improvement in the
above respect. This, and the climate of the place, aic the
only difficulties in the way of the prosecution of the opera-
tions which I can perceive, and neither of them is under
the control of the Engineer Department."
From, the same, of September 20,1845.
« And in conclusion, to establish a weekly mail between
this place and Tampa Bay, which, i am authorized to say,
can he done for ^3,500 per annum, perhaps $3,000, and car-
ried with certainty and despatch in the pilot boats used on
the station."
From the same, of March 18, 3846.
"I have now to request that the Secretaiy of War em-
Dower the local engineer on this reef to hire temporarily,
from time to time, as the public service may require, m his
opinion and at his discretion, a trusty despatch vessel, that
can be sent either to Charleston or any of the ports on the
Gulf, when needful. A vessel of about 40 or 50 tons will
, suffice for this, and can be obtained here. Unless this is
I "ranted, 1 do not see how the local agent here can be held
accountable for delays in the progress of the works, under
the existing circumstances."
Fromtke same, of April 18, 1846.
« In the absence of help from other departments of the
Government, I may find it necessary to despatch a vessel to
Charleston, to carry or bring out a mail at certain times
when the public service calls for it, which I shall not hesi-
tate to do, in the full confidence that my proceedings in this
respect will be sanctioned at Washington."
From the same, of May 5, 1846.
" Permit me once more to call the attention of the depart-
ment to the utter destitution of this place as regards facili-
ties for regular commercial and mail intercourse with the
rest of the Union.
" If it is the intention of the Government to carry on ex-
tensive public workion the Flondareef, and it is desired tfcat
they should proceed with rapidity, there is no measure so
well calculated to contribute towards the latter as the adop-
tion of the proposition which I am credibly informed has
been submitted, to run a semi-monthly steamboat mail from
Charleston to the Havana, via this j>lace, as by this means
certainty of communication and advice at seasonable inter-
vals is secured. Under the present circumstances, there is
probably no spot in the United States where works could
be located less favorable to despatch in their constiuction,
particularly the commencement.
" I have in this and former letters fully represented the
nature of the obstacles to the public business here, and indi-
cated the remedy which it is supposed might be applied by
the proper depaitments of the Government."
From the same, of May 9, 1846.
" In case, therefore, the Post Office Department does not
put another schooner or vessel on the mail line to Charles-
ton, so as to give this place two mails m the month, I shall
require six months' notice of thy passage of a new act of ap-
propriation for the works here previous to its application."
Mr. B. resumed. To show the interest of this
mail arrangement to the whole commercial inter-
ests of the country, he need only mention the mil-
lions of dollars worth of property which annually
floated around that coast. He would refer to a
statement of wrecks, &c., adjudicated at Key West
in 3844 and 1845, prepared by the agent of the un-
derwriters. These tables would show the special
interests of commerce in this mail. Apart from
the general interest connected with having a regu-
lar mail to accommodate our great and growing
trade with Cuba, they have nearly a million of dol-
lars worth of property annually thrown upon the
court for adjudication, to depend upon the care of
masters of vessels and such agents as they may
employ, without the possibility of communicating
with the principals, until long after the vessel, car-
go, and salvage, are all disposed of and settled,
although not more than six or seven days distant
from New York by steam, and a regular mail
already existing to the St. John's river, about
forty-eight hours distant from the desired point.
At present there is only one mail to Key West
each month, carried in a sailing schooner from
Charleston. It is most irregular and uncertain,
often leaving them without a mail for six weeks.
Mr. B. had received innumerable letters of com-
plaint.
There was an irregular horse 'mail to Tampa
Bay, and one to New Smyrna from Enterprise, on
Lake Monroe; but there was no mail south of
there to any part of the main peninsula, and no
facilities whatever along the coast where they are
most wanted.
The capacity; of the Florida peninsula to produce
sugar and tropical fruits had excited great interest
in the whole southern country, and that country
would be rapidly filled with a flourishing popula-
tion if even ordinary facilities were afforded. At
present it was almost impossible to visit any por-
tion of the country to examine it without a tedious,
expensive, and laborious overland journey. A
steamboat mail on each side would contribute much
: to the rapidity of settlement, and the sale of the
, public lands. In addition to the difficulty of reach-
ing the country, persons are unwilling to settle at
such a distance from all possibility of communica-
tion with the rest of the country and from market.
The people in the peninsula should not be cut
off from all possible mail facilities, merely because
they live in a peninsula; but to render their ac~
commodation as little burdensome as possible, it
is made to contribute to other great branches of
the public service.
1st. It is made to connect with Havana, and by
running from the Gulf and Atlantic side alternately,
it will accommodate both the western and eastern
trade to that port.
2d. By using steamers susceptible of being con-
verted into war steamers under the act of 1845,
the Government will at all times have at its com-
mand a number of light-draught steamers, which
would facilitate attack or defence on any part of
the shallow harbors or rivers of the Gulf. The
army has recently been delayed for weeks for the
want of such boats on the Hio Grande. Had the
arrangement now proposed been in operation, the
army need not have been delayed at all. The
coast is without adequate defence from tho Rio
