1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1209
would have received if the same land had been sold
for money. The amendment of the Senate was
only intended to secure them this reasonable com-
pensation.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendment of the Senate being under con-
sideration, appropriating §1,000 for salaries of two
keepers of the public archives in Florida,
Mr. RATHBUN stated, that since this question
was before under consideration, he had seen a gen-
tleman, who had held a judicial station in Florida,
who satisfied him that this appropriation was ne-
cessary.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH said he had also seen
the same judicial gentleman, and had procured a
very strong letter from him, and another of still
stronger character from Judge Shields, late Com-
missioner of the Land Office, which proved most
incontestably the absolute necessity of this appro-
priation, at least until the survey of the private
land claims was completed; but he had not brought
them here, and would not read them, because they
could not prove more strongly than he had before
proved, in half a day's debate, the necessity of
this item, and because he was afraid, if he read
them, that somebody might suppose that Florida
took some interest in this matter, and that it was
for the interest and protection of her people, and
vote against it as of course. But as it really was
an affair only of important interest to this Govern-
ment, and one in which his constituents were very
little interested, as their titles would be safe at all
events, and if these records were turned over to
other officers, this Government would have to pay
much more than this $1,000 for copies and transla-
tions, he was willing to leave the committee to take
just such course to protect the interests of this Gov-
ernment as they thought proper.
Mr. McCLERNAND stated that translations
and copies of these papers were already here in
Washington, made long since by law, or, if not
made, the keepers had violated the law, and should
be paid no more.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH explained, that those
papers were wanted in Florida, not here. They
were wanted to plot out the private grants upon
the public domain; and if they were to wait until
they could send here and hunt the dusty files and
copy each paper wanted, it would cost more than
the salary of the keepers of archives.
The amendment was then agreed to.
The amendment for repairs of public piers and
wharves, at the quarantine grounds, on Staten
Island, New York, §16,675, being under consider-
ation— i
Mr. TIBBATTS moved the following amend-
ment thereto: •
« y<,r removing obstructions to and imptovinir the naviga-
tion of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, three hundred and
forty thousand and for the presei vation of the har-
bors already constructed and in process; of construction,
under authority or law on the seaboard and on the lakes,
four hundred thousand dollais: the same to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War."
The amendment having been decided in order,
the point having been raised against it by Mr. Mc-
Kay—
The question was taken by tellers, and the
amendment to the amendment was rejected—ayes
68, noes 73.
Mr. TIBBATTS renewed his amendment to the
amendment, reducing the sums to $300,000 for the
Ohio and Mississippi, and §300,000 for the lake
and seaboard harbors.
The CHAIRMAN, upon further reflection, de-
cided the amendment to the amendment out of
order under the 80th rule.
Mr. TIBBATTS appealed, and, after debate, the
question was taken by tellers, and by ayes 77,
noes 54, the decision was sustained, and the amend-
mend decided out of order.
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, moved the
following amendment to the amendment:
" That there is hereby appiopriatcd the sum of one hun-
dred thousand dollars for the preservation of the public
works, (and the machinery used in the construction of tho
same,) authorized by law and remaining unfinished on the
seaboard and the lakes, and to which no appropriation has
been made at the present session of Congress." Eejeeted.
Other amendments to the amendment, of like
character, were offered and rejected.
During the pendency of one of these—
Mr. SCHENCK took the floor and spoke an
hour upon political topics generally. It was now
eight o'clock.
Mr. COBB said it was deeply to be regretted
that, at this stage of the session, with this and
other important measures pending, the legitimate
debate upon these amendments could not be per-
mitted to be carried on; but the House must be
fatigued with a most miserable, specimen of a stump
speech. It might, or it might not, be followed by
others of like character; but it was due to the
House to protectitselffrom such impositions. He,
therefore, moved that the committee rise, in order
to offer a resolution for the termination of this
QCUittC.
The motion being agreed to, the committee rose
and reported.
Mr. COBB moved the ordinary resolution to
terminate the debate in five minutes; and on this
he demanded the previous question.
_ Mr. VINTON suggested, as there were some
important amendments remaining, that ten minutes
be allowed to each. *
Mr. C. declined to withdraw the previous ques-
tion, as so much time had been consumed in irrel-
evant discussion by the gentleman's colleague.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question ordered.
Mr. VINTON asked the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution; which were ordered,
and, being taken, resulted—yeas 92, nays 54.
So the resolution was adopted.
The House again resolved itself into committee,
(Mr. Hopkins in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the amendments to the civil and diplo-
matic bill.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said that
he would trouble the committee but a very short
time in explaining the object of the amendment.
And he hoped that no prejudice would arise to the
measure on account of the advocacy of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.] The measure
was a good one, and such as he was greatly in
hopes would be adopted. There is much of valu-
able public property belonging to the Government
on the lakes and rivers, several dredges and other
machinery, that must necessarily go to ruin if no
means are provided for taking care of them.
There is also a large amount of timber, plank,
iron, and other materials for constructing the
works, that ought to be taken care of. If, then,
it be true that all these works are to be abandoned,
there would be no propriety in abandoning the
materials on hand. He could not believe it possi-
ble that that was to be the result. If not, it was
important to keep all secure, and save the work
done from destruction. He asked, was it possible
that fourteen or fifteen millions' worth of work
done, and in its unfinished state, is to be allowed
to go to ruin ? This would be madness—worse
than madness. He hoped the House would not
reject this appropriation. The amendment asked
was §100,000. This was as little as would put the
works in a proper state of preservation. The
harbor at Buffalo would, without some consid-
erable repair, be entirely destroyed if allowed to
stand in its present situation. So it was with
several other works. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] should not make him say what he
did not say. He had made no charges against
the President. He had only asked a question,
and there the matter stood.
After some conversation by others, the time
| allotted to debate having expired, the committee
proceeded further to vote.
The pending amendment of the Senate was re-
jected.
PENNSYLVANIA AVBNXJE, &C.
The following amendments were agreed to:
For completing the paving of Pennsylvania
avenue between Sixth street and the western gate
of the Capitol, and for other improvements and
repairs of said avenue and the side-walks thereof,
twenty thousand dollars;
For repairs to Congressional Burial Ground,
rendered necessary by the late freshet, five hun-
dred dollars;
For repairs to the road leading from the Capitol
square to the Congressional Burial Ground, ren-
dered necessary by_ the late heavy rams, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
The amendments of $5,000 for Four-and-a-half
street, of $30,000 for Eastern branch bridge,
(Washington,) and of $30,000 for continuing the
publication of th.e works of the exploring expedi-
tion, printing.cbwtg, pay of scientific corps and
horticulturist, were, rejected,.
MEXICAN INDEMNITY.
The amendment of $320,000 for paying two in-
stalments of the Mexican 'indemnity, was rejected:
Ayes 61, noes 79.
MILEAGE.
The amendment of the Senate to strike out the
section of the bill which fixes rates of mileage after
the present session of Congress as follows: 40 cents
per mile for the first 2D0 miles; 35 cents over 200,
and under 300; 30 cents .over 300 and upder 400;
and 25 cents for any distance over 400 miles: Pro-
vided, That the aggregate mileage allowed to any
Senator, Representative, or Delegate at any one
session, shall not exceed $750, was concurred in:
ayes 63, noes 60.
The remaining amendments having been dis-
posed of—some affirmatively, and others negative-
!y—
The committee, on motion of Mr. McKAY,
rose and, reported their action to the House.
And the question pending being on agreeing to
the report of the committee—
Mr. COBB demanded the previous question.
It was now 10 o'clock.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved that the House ad-
journ. Negatived.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question was ordered.
The motion to adjourn was renewed, and agreed
to.
So the House, at a quarter past ten o'clock, ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, Jhtgust 8, 1846.
The Secretary announced that the business first
in order was the election of a President pro tem.,
and requested Senators to prepare the ballots.
The ballots having been cast—
Mr. ALLEN rose and suggested that the count-
ing of the ballots be deferred' for twenty minutes,
as the Senate was not now full.
Mr. CRITTENDEN objected to any delay.
Mr. ALLEN would then move that the election
be postponed till twelve o'clock.
Mr. CRITTENDEN hoped the Secretary would
proceed in the discbarge of his duty.
Mr. {ALLEST thought it could not be doubted
that some sort of a motion such as he had made
was in order.
Mr. CRITTENDEN wished_ to reply to the
remark of the Senator from Michigan, and tell him
in what sense he (Mr. C.) regarded' the officer of
the Senate as uncontrollable. He meant that he
was uncontrollable by any regular parliamentary
procedure. Ho objected to the motion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, because it was against all prece-
dent. It was manifestly improper, as likely to
consume the time of the Senate—and for what
reason? Simply because a result was anticipated
by some gentlemen not in accordance with their
wishes.
Mr. ALLEN requested the Secretary to read
the rule applicable to the case.
The Secretary read the rule.
Mr. CASS remarked that the Secretary was
certainly under the control of the Senate. He
(Mr. C.) did not know what was meant by saying
that he was irrestrainable.
Mr. ARCHER wished that, in order to save the
time of the Senate, the Senator from Ohio would
withdraw his motion. His object would be gained
at all events, as it was not at all probable that there
would be a choice on the first balloting.
Mr. DAVIS. How do you know that ?
Mr. ARCHER. Well, I think so. And then
Mr. ALLEN withdrew his motion.
The balloting then proceeded as follows:
First Ballot.— Whole number cast 49; neces-
sary to a choice 25:
Hannegan 1 15
Niles 6
Sevier 5
Cameron 5
Mangum   5
Fairfield....   2
Atchison  2
Corwin  I
Dickinson    1
