1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 8,
Calhoun 
"W estoott 
Bagby 
Sturgeon  
Huntington 
Jarnagin 
The Senate then proceeded to a second ballot,
and the result was announced as follows: Whole
number of votes 49; necessary to a choice 25:
Hannegan 20
Niles  9
Sevier 7
Cameron 3
Benton  2
Dickinson   2
Atchison 2
Mangum 1
Cass  1
Westcott  1
Sturgeon  1
The Senate proceeded to a third ballot, and the
result was announced as follows: Whole number
of votes 50; necessary to a choice 26:
Hannegan 19
Wiles 11
Sevier 5
Mangum  4
Cameron 3
Dickinson  2
Sturgeon  1
Benton  ]
Westcott  1
Phelps  1
Fairfield  1
Turney  1
The Senate proceeded to a fourth ballot, and
the result, was announced as follows: Whole,nura-
ber of votes, 49; necessary to a choice, 25:
Hannegan i 23
Niles 15
Sevier 3
Cameron   3
Dickinson 2
Westcott  1
Sturgeon  1
Davis  1
The Senate proceeded to a fifth ballot, and the
result was announced as follows: Whole number
of votes, 48; necessary to a choice, 25:
Hannegan 18
Niles 17
Cameron 4
Atchison 3
Sevier 2
Dickinson  2
Cass  1
Morehead 1
Mr. HANEGAN here requested that his name
might be withdrawn.
The Senate proceeded to a sixth ballot, and the
result was announced as follows: Whole number
of votes 50; necessary to a choice, 26:
Niles  18
Atchison 16
Sevier 3
Cameron  3
Hannegan 2
Dickinson 2
Mangum  2
Sturgeon  1
Morehead  1
Lewis  1
Wood bridge  1
The Senate proceeded to a seventh ballot, and
the result was announced as follows: Whole num-
ber of votes, 51; necessary to a choice, 26:
Atchison 20
Niles 17
Cameron  6
Sevier 2
Dickinson 2
Sturgeon  2
Mangum  1
Fairfield  1
The Senate proceeded to an eighth ballot, and
the result was announced as follows: Whole num-
ber of votes, 49; necessary to a choice, 25:
Atchison 25
Niles 10
Cameron     4
Sturgeon  3
Sevier.  2
Dickinson 2
Hannegan  1
Morehead    1
Pearce 1
Mr. ATCHISON", having been escorted to the
chair by Senators Calhoun and Cass, called the
Senate to order, and rose and said:
Gentlemen: This honor has been quite unex-
pected by me. The only return which 1 can make,
will be an earnest effort to discharge the duty in-
cumbent upon me with faithfulness and impartiality.
On motion, the reading of the journal was dis-
pensed with.
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States.]
MEXICAN RELATIONS.
The following p-iessage from the President, was
laid before the Senate, and read:
[This message will be found in the House pro-
ceedings of to-day.]
The message was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. WESTCOTT rose to make a correction.
His vote upon the resolution authorizing Senators
to subscribe for 12 copies of Blair & Rives's Con-
gressional Globe and Gales & Seaton's Register,
to be paid for out of the contingent fund of the
Senate, had been recoided upon the journal, and
published in the " Union," in the ttjjiri/uilive,
whereas he voted in the negative, and against the
resolution.
Mr. McDXJFFIE, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, moved that said committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the un-
finished business before said committee; which was
agreed to.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee oil Public
Lands, reported back the bill for the relief of 
Allen, without amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, asked that said committee be
discharged from the further consideration of sun-
dry papers; which was agreed to.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on
Territories, reported back the House bill to estab-
lish a territorial government in Oregon, without
amendment, and recommending that the Senate
make the necessary amendments thereto, the com-
mittee'not having had time to draught the same.
M r. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported an act to establish the collection district
of Oregon; which was read, and laid upon the
table.
Mr. MOREHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of Jacob Houseman, de-
ceased; which was read, and the accompanying
report ordered to be printed.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business, and, at half-past four, the
doors were again opened, and the Senate took a
recess until six o'clock, p. m.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the-support5of, the
Military Academy for the year ending June 30,
1847; when,
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the amendments of
the Senate to said bill, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives, were receded from.
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate, as in
committee of the whole, considered the " Bill to
provide for the distribution of the edition of the
laws and treaties of the United States, published
by Little & Brown, under the provisions of the
resolutions of Congress, approved March 3, 1845,
and for other purposes;" which was reported to
the Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the Senate proceeded,
as in committee of the whole, to the consideration
of the House. " bill making appropriations for cer-
tain defensive works of the United States for the
year ending June 30, 1847.*'
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted an amendment
appropriating §30,000 for the construction of for-
tifications upon the gulf coast of Florida.
Mr. DIX expressed himself in favor of this
appropriation; but at this late hour of the session
he thought it impolitic to send the bill back to the
House of Representatives with amendments.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected.
A Senate bill in relation to the publication of
laws of the United States, returned from the House
with amendments, was considered, and the amend-
ments concurred in.
The Senate then again proceeded to the consid-
eration of Executive business.
At twenty-five minutes to twelve o'clock, the
Senate adjourned, to meet on Monday at 8f a m.
EVENING SESSION.
At six o'clock, the Senate again convened.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on
Printing, reported in favor of printing sundry pa-
pers, and against printing others; which report was
concurred in.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported a bill to carry into effect the recommenda-
tions of the President in regard to our Mexican
relations, transmitted in his message of this morn-
ing; which Avas read. !
[A message was received from the House of \
Representatives announcing that said House had j
agreed to a portion of the amendments to the bill I
making appropriations for the support of the Mil- 1
itary Academy at West Point, and disagreed to j
others. Also announcing the action of the House |
of Representatives upon the Senate amendments to j
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill] .
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS. I
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of •
the latter bill, when, on motion of Mr. LEWIS, ;
it was i
Ordered, That a committee of conference be ap- i
pointed on the part of the Senate, to confer with a '
like committee from the House upon the disagree- ;
ing votes thereon. j
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jlugvst 8, 1840.
The Journal of yesterday (having been read in
part only) was approved.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the civil and diplomatic appropriatioii
bill.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. '
The SPEAKER,- by 'consent, .laid' 6eifi>re the •
ECoUsei^e Jb]IpirSngiEkS6ia^e;comn)umcatioiis:
A letter from the Postmaster General, transmit-
ting, in compliance with the 3d clause of the 22d
section of the act " to change the organization of
the Post Office Department," &c., approved July
2, 1836, a statement and summary from the Post
Office Department, showing the amounts paid
during the year ending June 30,1845, for " wrap-
ping paper," " office furniture," "{advertising,"
" mail-bags," &c., being %he incidental expenses
of the department for the year; which letter and
statement were laid upon the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in compliance witit a resolution of
the 10th of July, 1832, copies of such statements
or returns showing the capital, circulation, dis-
counts, specie deposites, and condition of the dif-
ferent State banks and banking companies as may
have been communicated to the Legislatures, Gov-
ernors, and other officers of the several States,
&c.; which letter, &c., was laid on the table.
A letter from the Comptroller of the Treasury,
transmitting, in compliance with the acts of 3d of
March, 1809, the 3d of March, 1817, statements
of the accounts which have remained due more
than three years prior to the 30ih September last
on the books of the Second, Third, and Fourth
Auditors of the Treasury, and on the books of the
Register of the Treasury; which letter and state-
ments were laid upon the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a report of the superintendent ot the
construction of standard weights, measures, and
balances, during the year 1845, under the superin-
tendence of Alexander D. Baehe; which letter and
report were laid upon the table.
Mr. P. KING, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, to which was referred bills from the Sen-
ate of the following titles, viz:
An act granting a pension to Joseph Morrison;
An act granting a pension to John Clark;
An act for the relief of Francis Someraner;
Reported the same without amendment; which
were committed.
