1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■1218
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
Some conversation, rather excited, followed be-
tween Mr. TOOMBS and Mr. COBB, as to what
the latter gentleman had said on the point of order
—Mr. Toombs asserting that Mr. Cobb had
made a remark which that gentleman asserted he
had not made.
Mr. BIGGS. Is it in order to move that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. McKA Y. I move that the resolution and
the appeal be laid on the table. Is that in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
[The SPEAKER of the House again resumed
the chair.]
Mr. TOOMBS demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion of Mr. McKay; which were ordered,
and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Quiney Adams, Stephen Adams,
Anderson, Arnold, Ashmun, Atkinson, Barringer, Bayly,
Bell, Benton, Biggs, James Black, James A. Black, BJaneb-
ard, Bowlin, Boyd, Brinkerhotf, Brockenbrough, Buffington,
William W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Clnpman, Constable, Cranston, Crozier,
C'ullom, Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Garrett Davis,
Dobbin, Dromgoolc, Dunlap, Edsall, Erdman, Edwin H.
Ewing, Far an, Garvin, Giles, Graham, Grider, Grinnell,
Grover, Hamlin, Hampton, Harmanson, Harper, Henley,
Hilliard, EUas B. Holmes, Isaac E. Holmes, Hough, Ed-
mund W. Hubard, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Jo-
sej>h R. Ingersoll, Jenkins, Joseph H. Johnson, Joseph
Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Daniel P. King, Pieston King,
Lawrence, Leake, Leib, Lewis, Long, Lumpkin, Maclay,
MeClean, McClelland, MeClemand, James McDowell, Mc-
Kay, Marsh, John P. Martin, Miller, Moseley,Moulton, Ni-
ven, Owen, Phelps, Pill«bury, Pollock, Bathbun, Reid, Rhett,
Ritter, Julius Rockwell, Sawtelle, Scammoii, Sohenck,
Seaman, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson,
Truman Smith, Starkweather, Stephens, Stewart, St. John,
Strohm, Strong, Sykes, Benjamin Thompson, Jas. Thomp-
son, Tliurman, Toombs, Towns, Trumbo, Vinton, Werit-
worth, Wheaton, White, Wick. Wilmot, Wmthrop, Wood-
ward, Wright, and Yost—123.
NAYS—Messis.Burt, John G. Chapman, Cobb, Doekery,
Douglass, EUswoitli, Goidon, Hoge, Hopkins, John W.
Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Andrew Johnson,
Kaufman, La Sere, MeConnell, McCrate, McIIenry, Mcll-
vaine, Barkley Martin, Morse, Payne, Perry, Stanton, Jacob
Thompson, and Tibbatts—28.
So the resolution and appeal were laid on the
table.
Whereupon, Mr. McKAY offered another reso-
lution, providing that all debate on the said mes-
sage shali terminate in two hours after it shall
again have been taken up m committee. And lie
demanded the previous question.
Mr. CARROLL. Will it be in order to move
that no member shall speak more than fifteen min-
utes ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not; for
there is a rule of the House which prescribes the
time.
The question was then taken on the demand of
Mr. McKay for the previous question.
And there was a second. The main question
was ordered, and, being taken, the resolution was
adopted.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House again
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Norris, of JNTew Hamp-
shire, in the chair.)
It wanted now only fifteen minutes to the time
of recess.
So Mr. McKAY proposed that the message of
the President should not be taken up until after the
recess, and that the committee should spend the
short intervening space on such appropriation bills
as were yet pending on questions of amendment
between the two Houses.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL not hearing (in the con-
fusion of the Hall) the precise purport of Mr. Mc-
Kay 's suggestion, rose in dissent.
Mr. McKAY explained. I simply propose that
the two hours allotted for the debate on the Presi-
dent's message shall commence at five o'clock—
after the recess. I admit that the question is an
important one, and that it is right that some time
should be allowed for discussion. But I propose
to occupy the short space between this hour and
the hour of recess in the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the Military Acade-
my bill.
[Cries all around, " Good—agreed; now we un-
derstand," &e.]
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
So the committee took up the amendments of
the Senate to this bill; which were yet undisposed
of, when—
The hour of three having arrived, the committee
rose, and the House took a recess until five o 'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union at five
o clock; (but a very small portion of a quorum,
however, was present.)
On motion of Mr. KATHJBUN, the Committee
rose, with the view of taking up and disposing of
Senate bills.
The bill authorizing the President of the United
States to issue letters of marque and reprisals was
twice read, and, on motion of Mr. McKAY, refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The bill amendatory of the postage law was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
The bill relative to the duties of Commissioner
of Patents came up, and Mr. OWEN having pro-
posed a substitute therefor, was passed by infor-
mally.
Amendments of the Senate to sundry House bills
were taken up, read, and concurred in, viz:
A bill to establish an additional land office in the
Territory of Iowa.
A bill for the relief of James Gee.
A bill granting certain lands to the Territory of
Iowa, to aid in the improvement of the navigation
of the Des Moines river, in said Territory.
A bill to attach to the Port Wayne land district
certain tracts of land lying within the limits, of that
district, which are not now attached to any dis-
trict.
Joint resolution directing the payment of certain
volunteers and militia called out by General Gaines,
A bill for the relief of Wiley B. Parnell.
A "bill for the relief of Ebenezer Conant.
A bill declaratory of the powers, and legalizing
certain acts, of the chief clerk of the Patent Office.
A bill making copies of papers certified by the
Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the House of
Representatives legal evidence.
A bill for the relief of Smith, Thurber, & Co.,
of New York.
Joint resolution for the relief of Sheldon B.
Hayes.
So these bills and resolutions have finally passed.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred, the bill from the
Senate to provide for the more effectual publica-
tion of the laws of the United States, reported the
same with amendments.
The bill and amendments were read.
After some conversation by several gentlemen,
Mr. BOYD demanded the previous question,
which was seconded, and the main question or-
dered—being first on an amendment of Mr. G.
Davis, to insert the words " in newspapeis having
the largest number of subscribers."
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered; and,
being taken upon this amendment, resulted-—yeas
60, nays 79.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments reported by Mr. Rathbun
were then agreed to.
And the bill was ordered to be engrossed, read
a third time, and passed.
Mr. ASHMUN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, asked leave to report a bill from the Senate
to establish an additional land office in Michigan,
and to provide for the sale of the mineral lands.
Objections being made,
Mr. A. moved a suspension of the rules for its
reception;negatived: Ayes 81, noes 48—two-thirds
not voting therefor.
Mr. VINTON asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer a resolution
providing that no member shall speak more than
fifteen minutes oil the President's message received
this day.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, movedto amend
so as to limit to ten minutes.
Mr. VINTON accepted the amendment, and
modified his resolution accordingly; and, in this
form, it was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House then re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Norris in the chair,) and
took up the amendments of the Senate to the bill
appropriating for the support of the Military Acad-
emy at West Point.
The amendments of the Senate having been dis-
posed of,
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee rose,
and reported its action.
Mr. McKAY demanded the previous question;
which was seconded, and the main question or-
dered.
The amendment providing for a board of visiters
to attend the annual examination of the Academy
was concurred in—ayes 62, noes 50.
The other amendments having been disposed of,
some by concurrence, and others by nor^-concur-
rence, the bill was returned to the Senate.
CIVIL AMD DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The amendments of the civil and diplomatic bill
having been returned from the Senate, with a mes-
sage that the Senate insisted on their amendments
disagreed to by the House,
Mr. McKAY moved that the House insist, and
that a committee of conference be appointed.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved that the House
recede.
This motion, having precedence, was first put,
and rejected—ayes 51, noes 80.
The House then insisted, and a committee of
conference was appointed.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union resumed its session, (Mr. Norris in the
chair.)
MESSAGE—FOREIGN INTERCOURSE.
On motion of Mr. McKAY the committee pro-
ceeded under the resolution just adopted, limiting
the time for debate of each member to ten minutes,
to the consideration of the President's message,
and of the following bill, introduced this morning
by Mr. McKay: «
He it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Stiite1* of l/lmeiica in Cjngress assembled, That
a a:in of $5,000,00(1, in addition to the provision heretofore
made, be, and the same is hereby, appropnated, for the pur-
pose of defraying any extraoidmaiy expenses wlneh may be
incurred m the intercourse between the United States and
foreign nations, to he paid out of any money in the treasury
not otherwise appropriated, and to be applied under the
direction of the President of the United States, who shall
cause :m account of the expenditure thereof to be laid before
Congress as soon as may be.
Mr. WHITE said that his object in rising to
address the committee was twofold. According to
the practice and usage of this House, (said he,) I
shall claim the privilege of publishing, at some
future day (in case I shall deem it advisable) re-
marks upon those momentous questions which
have been so unwisely and injudiciously acted
upon, and, for the present at least, decided by this
House and the present Congress. My efforts to
obtain the floor while they were under discussion
were unvailing; had it been otherwise, I should
then, as I shall in my published remarks,denounce
the measure as fraught with more mischief and
positive evil to the people of this country than
any man has ability to estimate or comprehend:
measures which are destined to uproot and over-
turn all the present business relations of thisUnion;
inflicting upon the laboring community suffering
and misery incalculable—upon the enterprising
and industrious, revolution and ruin in their varied
pursuits, and sadness and sorrow upon all. Those
measures are revolutionary in their character.
The revenue bill, subtreasury, and warehouse bills
are all theoretical—experiments upon the deepest
and dearest interests of the people of this Republic;
experiments which wise and prudent men would
never make; experiments which shake the confi-
dence of men in the stability of this Union, if they
do not shake the very foundations of the Union
itself. Experiments which would have cost any
monarch in Europe his crown, if not his head.
Within the time allowed me, (Mr. W. proceed-
ed to say,) I desire to state that it is my intention
to publish some remarks which I intended to have
made upon this Mexican war—a war, in my judg-
ment, unnecessary, uncalled for, and wholly un-
justifiable; offensive in its inception, and I fear of
conquest and subjugation in its ending. The Pres-
ident, in his message to this House, on the 11th
of May last, has furnished abundant evidence that
this war was projected, planned, and provoked
long before any counsel or assistance was asked or
required from Congress. It was the act of the
