1214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 8,
President himself, and he has furnished the proof
in that document; yet this House furnished him
with ample means to conduct and carry on hostili-
ties; fifty thousand men and thirty millions of
money were promptly voted to sustain him m this
undertaking, which all good men must consider as
unjust, inglorious, and wicked; but, inasmuch as
hostilities existed, and our army was in imminent
peril, the causes were overlooked, and consequences
left to their course. And now, sir, we come to the
subject before us—the message of the President
and the bill appropriating, as recommended by that
message, two millions of dollars; and for what pur-
pose? Why, sir, to buy a peace. Is that true?
Has not the President ample power to conclude a
peace \yith Mexico if she demands or desires one?
Is the mode of warfare to be changed from fighting
to purchasing? Who is to be bought? And what
evidence have we that anybody or thing is pur-
chasable? Is this to be a corruption fund m the
hands of the President, to use at his pleasure and
discretion ? Sir, I have no confidence in this ap-
plication. We have no evidence before us of its
necessity, no information of its use or application;
we are in the dark, and required to vote in the
dark, or be charged with opposing measures of
peace. If there is the slightest prospect of peace,
any glimmer or faint ray of that heavenly messen-
ger, why could it not have been communicated to
this House. I repeat, sir, I have no confidence in
this application for money; territory is what is
sought after, and I cannot give my sanction to this
appropriation, unless the bill now upon your table
shall be so amended as to forever preclude the pos-
sibility of extending the limits of slavery. And I
call upon gentlemen on the other side of the House
to bring forward such amendments as shall effect-
ually prevent the further acquisition of territory,
which may be caused by the adoption of that in-
stitution. I call upon the other side of the House
to propose such an amendment, not only as an
evidence of their desire to restrain that institution
within its constitutional limits, but as a guaranty
that the President wall honestlyand faithfully apply
the funds so generously placed?in his hands to the
ends specified in his message.
Mr. WINTHROP said that he should follow
the example of his friend from New York, [Mr.
White,] and confine himself to a brief statement
of his views, reserving to himself the privilege of
amplifying and enforcing them hereafter. The
Administration and its friends had thought fit^
during the present session to frame more than one
of their most important measures, so as to leave
their opponents in a false position whichever way
they voted. There were two things which he had
not imagined, in advance, that any circumstances
could have constrained him to do, and from which
he would gladly have been spared. One of them
was, to give a vote which might appear to lend an
approving sanction to a war which had been caused
by the annexation of Texas; the other was to give
a vote which might appear like an opposition to
the earliest restoration of peace, either with Mex-
ico or any other Power on earth. But he must
let appearances take care of themselves. He was
not here to pronounce opinions either upon the
preamble of a bill or the phrases of a President's
message. He was here to vote on substantial pro-
visions of law, proposed with a view to their prac-
tical interpretation and execution. One of these
votes he had given already, under circumstances
which were familiar to the House and to the coun-
try. He believed it then, and he believed it now,
upon the most deliberate reflection, to be the best
vote which the case admitted. And now, he
greatly feared, that he was about to be compelled
to give the other of these abhorrent votes. He
could not and would not vote for this bill as it now
stood.
What was the hill? A bill to place two millions
of dollars at the disposal of the President " for any
extraordinary emergencies which might arise out
of our intercourse with foreign nations.'* Not a
word about peace. Not a word about Mexico.
Not a syllabic about the disputed boundaries on
the Rio Grande. It was a vote of unlimited con-
fidence in an Administration, in which, he was
sorry to say, there was very little confidence to be
placed. They might employ this money towards
buying California, or buying Cuba, or buying
Yucatan, or buying the Sandwich Islands, or buy-
ing any other territory they might fancy in either
hemisphere. If we turnea to the message of the
President, it was hardly more satisfactory. Noth-
ing could be more evident than that this appropria-
tion was asked for as the earnest money for a pur-
chase of more territory. The message expressly
stated that it was to be used in part payment for
any concessions which Mexico might make to us.
The President already had the claims of our citi-
zens to deal with, to the amount of three millions
or more. Here were two millions mure to be
placed in his hands, in cash. What was to be the
whole payment, for which five millions of dollars
were wanted as an advanced And where was this
territory to be? The message, as if not willing to
leave us wholly in the dark, had pointed expressly
to the example of 1803, to the purchase of Loui-
siana; and this very bill (as Mr. W. understood)
had been copied verbatim from the act by which
that purchase was indirectly sanctioned. The
President has thus called upon us, in language not
to be misunderstood, to sanction, in advance, a
new and indefinite acquisition of southern teiritory.
To such an acquisition he (Mr. W.) was opposed.
He had said heretofore, and he repeated now, that
he was uncompromisingly opposed to extending
the slaveholdxng territory of the Union. He want-
ed no more territory of any sort, but of this we
had more than enough already.
He cordially responded to the President's de-
sires to bring about a just and honorable peace at
the earliest moment. Nothing would give him
more real satisfaction than to join in a measure
honestly proposed for that purpose. He did not
giudge the payment of the two millions. He
would appropnate twenty millions for the legiti-
mate purposes of a treaty of peace without a mo-
ment's hesitation. And he still hoped that this
measure might assume a shape in which he could
give it his support. Limit the discretion of the
President to a settlement of those boundaries which
have been the subject of dispute. Hold him to his
solemn pledges, twice repeated, that he would be
ready at all times to settle the existing differences
between the two countries on the most liberal
terms. Give him no countenance in his design to
take advantage of the present war, to force Mexico
into the surrender, or even the sale, of any of her
provinces. If anybody wants a better harbor on
the Pacific, let him wait till it can be acquired with
less of national dishonor. But whatever else you
do or omit, give us at least to be assured that, this
appropriation is not to' be applied to the.annexa-
tion of another Texas, or even to the purchase of
another Louisiana. [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. J. R. lNGERcSOLL hailed the rainbow of
peace, from whatever quarter it came, whether from
the North or South, the East or the West. It was
the duty of the President to make peace whenever
he could; but the particular circumstances of this
particular war rendered it especially incumbent on
all branches of the Government to unite with the
President m making peace, as they had united m
making war. His opinion had always been, that
the annexation of Texas was the first step to war.
But we now had a suggestion on the part of the
President of the United States, which indicated
that he believed he could makepeace on honorable
terms, if Congress would furnish him the means;
and Mr. I. was m favor of granting them.
In conclusion, he offered a substitute for the
bill, [which will be found at a subsequent stage of
our report.]
Mr. GltlDER had always believed this war un-
necessary; and should hold the Administration
responsible for all its evils. He had voted in this
view for the appropriation for the war, and he
should vote for this which looked to peace, hold-
ing the President responsible for its use in making
peace, and for the character of that peace. He
knew there were well-founded apprehensions as to
the manner in which this money would be ex-
pended, but he argued that the fact that the Presi-
dent might abuse his power was no ground for
withholding this appropriation. The country were
all desirous of peace.
Mr. W1LMOT icgretted that the President had
not disclosed his views. He disliked to act in the
dark on this or any subject. If this had been
done, and it had been inexpedient to have received
and deliberated upon it publicly, they might have
gone into secret session. He would vote for this
appropriation in case the amendment he intended
to offer was adopted. He disagreed with some of
his friends that this was an unnecessary war; he
believed it a necessary and proper war. He be-
lieved it not to be a war of conquest; if so, he was
opposed to it now and hereafter. If this country-
was now to be forced into such a war, he pro-
nounced it against the spirit of the age, against the
holy precepts of our religion; he was opposed to it
in every form and shape. But he trusted it was
not to be a war of conquest. He trusted that the
President was sincerely ready to negotiate fos? an
honorable peace.
But the President asked for two millions of dol-
lars for concessions which Mexico was to make.
We claim the Rio Grande as our boundary—tKat
was the main cause of the war. Are we now lo
purchase what we claim as a matter of right?
Certainly she was not to be paid for the debt she
owes our citizens.
Mr. W. took it, therefore, that the President
looked to the acquisition of territory in that quar-
ter. To this he had no objection, provided it were
done on proper conditions. On the contrary, he
was most earnestly desirous that a portion of ter-
ritory on the Pacific, including the bay of San Fran-
cisco, should come into our possession by fair and
fionorable means, by purchase or negotiation—not
by conquest.
But whatever territory might be acquired, he
declared himself opposed, now and forever, to the
extension of this " peculiar institution" that be-
longs to the South. He referred to the annexation,
of Texas, and to his affirmative vote on the prop-
osition connected with it at this session; he was
for taking it as it was; slavery had already been
established there. But if free territory comes in,
God forbid that he should be the means of plant-
ing this institution upon it.
He concluded by offering the'amendment (which
will be found below) providing against the estab-
lishment of slavery, or involuntary servitude, in
any territory which may be acquired.
Mr. HUNT, of New York, was opposed to the
bill, but was in favor of peace, fie wished the
Executive not to throw over his actions and de-
signs a false coloring. . He referred to the Presi-
dent's action in the conduct of the war, charging
him with having intended war, and commenced
action towards it, before he heard of the com-
mencement of hostilities. This message confirmed
the impression that the object of the Executive
was-the extension of our territory south by fair
means or by fout
intended tf&d
necessary" tb:brihg hef to terms ? If the President
desired peace on honorable terms with reference to
the difficulties that then existed, Mr. H. would
support him; but he was opposed to the acquisi-
tion of California, unless upon the terms proposed
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania; the attempt
to bring it in as slave territory would tend to a
dissolution of the Union. He concluded by giving
notice of an amendment.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, then obtained the
floor, and said, that when the Presidents com-
munication, asking for an appropriation to e'nable
him to open negotiations with Mexico, and to
facilitate the conclusion of hostilities, was present-
ed to the House, he was thrilled with delight; that
he hailed as a propitious omen the rainbow of
peace, which again was brightening on our horizon,
and promised the restoration of peace between the
two Republics; that these feelings were not the
result of those considerations which the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Grider] seemed to
imagine had actuated the President in asking
the appropriation. That gentleman professed to
think that the Government had grown tired of the
war, and had discovered that it was unpopular,
and hence his disposition to sue for peace.
Mr. S. said that the gentleman was mistaken
both in his supposition of facts and motives. The
war was not unpopular, nor had the Government
any reason to be tired of its prosecution. No
measure was ever more popular, and the impulses
of the people, if unrestrained, would sweep Mex-
ico like a tornado. The motives of the Executive
were other than those supposed by the gentleman.
They were of a high and humane character, far
above what had been supposed. The Executive
was desirous of restoring peace.
Mr. S. continued his remarks, urging consider-
ations why the appropriation should be made;
denying the policy of secret sessions of the Hcuse
of Representatives j that the President should sot
consult the House on questions of negotiation or
upon terms of proposed treaties, tie regretted
