1216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 8.
cided to belong to Mexico, a3 she claims, slavery
is abolished, and Texas, as well as every other
part of Mexico, is rid of that institution.
There are no slaves in California—slavery is
abolished there; and if we were to make peace, and
in that peace to acquire California, there could be
no law of slavery established there, unless it was
made an article of the treaty itself. This was a
reason sufficiently strong to induce him to vote for
this bill without adding to it what the gentleman
from Pennsylvania proposed, of which he entirely
approved.
Sir, (said Mr. A.,) I shall vote for the bill even
in the form in which it is proposed, because I wish
to take it, (and I receive it as refreshing, as the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Holmes]
welcomed and held that which was to me in no-
wise refreshing on the subject of the tariff,) that it
is the desire of the President to make peace. In
that I most heartily concur, and I would give
two millions, and two millions added to that, and I
do not know how much more, if it was necessary,
for carrying into effect his purpose of making
peace.
I do not find anything in the message of the
President which should prevent me from voting
for the bill as it stands; but that bill does not spe-
cify the case. It has no reference at all to the
peace with Mexico. The message says it is for
the purpose of making peace with Mexico; the
form of the bill is for negotiation with foreign Pow-
ers. Why, it may be, sir, with England, Spain,
Cuba—it may be for God knows what. I want,
in voting for a large appropriation of the money
of the people, to be expended by the Executive, a
full excuse and apology for so doing; and the ob-
ject of negotiation of peace with Mexico is a full
and sufficient object for that purpose. I am wil-
ling to vote the treasure of the nation for that
object. -
Sir, it is suggested by a gentleman near me that
it is not necessary we should make an appropria-
tion of two millions of dollars for peace with Mex-
ico. The gentleman who made that observation
seems desirous of whipping Mexico more than we
have whipped her. Sir, we have whipped her
already more than the most cruel task-master ever
whipped a slave, without cause and without neces-
sity. I see no reason for whipping Mexico more
than we have done. And one of the reasons why
I shall heartily vote for the passage of this bill is,
that it shows a different spirit; that, instead of whip-
ping Mexico, the President shows a desire to make
peace with that Republic.
Sir, with respect to the cause of the war, or the
consequences of the war, my opinions are known to
the House, nor have I changed them since I spoke
before. But I do not consider it necessary to enter
into any consideration of that kind. Whether the
war be right or wrong, we have a war; there is no
doubt of that. The two nations are at war, if ever
two nations were at war, and by the laws of war-
fare we might invade the whole of Mexico—might
annex the whole of Mexico, if We were able; and
that war might be waged under the authority of
the President of the United States. The peace
must be made by the Executive; with the negotia-
tion of the peace this House has nothing to do;
but let me not be misunderstood; I suppose the
will of this House may, and ought to, have a
great influence.
Mr. A.'s time here expired, and
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, obtained
the floor.
Mr. ADAMS, however, (with Mr. R.'s con-
sent,) repeated his wish to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to change the
phraseology of the bill.
Mr. McKAY replied that he had a substitute
for the bill.
The substitute was read (and will be found be-
low.)
Mr. HARALSON wished to offer an amend-
ment; but—
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, declined
further to yield, and proceeded. There was no
individual (he said) more opposed than himself to
this war; and if he believed this bill would bring
about an honorable settlement, he would go for it
most heartily. But he argued it was evident the
design of the Executive was to acquire a part of
the territory of Mexico. If it were proper to pro-
cure California fit some time, this was not that
time. -It could be done, if in good faith, by the
ordinary mode of treaty, and the money might be
appropriated at the next session. Was the Presi-
dent unwilling, or was Mexico unwilling, to trust
Congress for an appropriation to carry out the
treaty which might be made ? He had not the
confidence in the Executive which this bill reposed
in him. It was unnecessary, uncalled for, and a
gratuity. He would not confer it.
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Alabama, spoke in favor
of the bill.
Mr. OWEN said: There are two separate mat-
ters to be considered at the present juncture; the
one is, the consequence of passing this bill; the
other, the consequence of refusing to pass it.
Mr. TOOMBS. So there is in the case of every
bill to be passed upon.
Mr. OWEN. Yes; but in the present case the
consequenccs of refusal to pass the bill happen to
be positive, not negative. And not positive only,
but most important. If, when the President asks
an appropriation for the purpose of concluding
peace, we refuse it, what inference must be drawn,
not by our country only, but by the whole world,
except this, that we do not desire peace; that we
are resolved, as the gentleman from Kentucky ex-
pressed it, to whip the Mexicans, not to treat with
them. Thus the refusal to act, when the question
is brought before us, is pregnant with inferences
injurious to oui national character.
I was glad to hear a gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. G rider] express his willingness to vote this
sum; declaring that he would hold the President
responsible for its application. That is just. But
if the vote is withheld, who, then, is responsible?
They who withheld it. If, now that the President
asks at the hands of Congress the means of secu-
ring peace, Congress denies to him these means,
on Congress, not 011 the President, will the future
responsibility rest, for this Mexican war and all
its consequences. From the very first, our Gov-
ernment has sought to avoid war; it has twice
offered, in the face of demonstrations the most
hostile, to open negotiations with Mexico for the
adjustment of all our difficulties. Even after a
ret'usal, twice repeated, to receive our envoy, the
President publicly reiterated his anxious desire to
avoid a contest. In the message before us, the
same conciliatory spirit is found. It asks for that
which has sometimes been called the smew of
war; and what, in this case, may become the sinew
of peace.
[A voice: Would you buy peace?]
Mr. OWEN. I11 the case of a weak opponent
like Mexico, already beaten down before us—at
our mercy, almost; yes, if the gentleman so chooses
to phrase it, I would buy peace. Were the con-
test with a nation our equal in power and resources
—with England, for example—we dared not do it.
An offer, if she were our opponent, to open the
purse and to sheathe the sword, would very surely
be misconstrued. Not so with Mexico. We are
the stronger, and we can afford to be generous.
From Mexico I am willing to purchase a bound-
ary, instead of fighting for it. I voted willingly
supplies for war, since stern necessity forced war
upon us. I will vote, far moie willingly, supplies
-for peace, since the President gives us reason to
hope that it is honorably within our reach.
But gentlemen say, they have not confidence
enough in the Executive to entrust to him this sum
for such a purpose. Not confidence enough!
They have placed in his hands already, without
reserve, twenty millions to carry on war, and they
scruple to confide to him two millions to conclude
peace! They trust in the greater, and will not
trust in the less! There are twenty blunders like-
ly to be made in carrying on hostile operations,
particularly by a government, like ours, little ex-
perienced in such matteis, for every one which
will probably occur 111 negotiating a peace-bring-
ing treaty. The danger of abuse is infinitely
greater in the former case than in the latter. Witn
what propriety or consistency, then, can we hesi-
tate to place m the President's hands two millions,
for the holy purpose of closing a war. the exist-
ence of which all just-thinking men deplore ?
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS. What does the
President want two millions for? Let us know
that.
Mr. OWEN. The gentleman needs not be re-
minded that the treaty-making power is lodged in
the President and Senate. To the Senate the par-
ticular plan of negotiation may have been dis-
closed ; but, as a necessary consequent of our politi-
cal system, these details do not,'at this stage of
affairs, reach us. This vote must, of necessity,
be, in a measure, a vote of confidence. To dis-
close, in advance and minutely, the intentions of
the negotiating power, might be to defeat those
intentions altogether.
Mr. DAVIS. Then how are we to know that
so large an amount of money is needed at all ?
Mr. OWEN. We do not know it; nor, prob-
ably, at this moment, does the President. But we
know, that it may be needed; and that it may be'
impossible to effect a satisfactory treaty of peace
without it. As for the amount, the gentleman
may call it large; but does he not know that, at
the rate of present expenses, a month's war—ay,
less than that—would absorb it all. And yet a
member from Massachusetts, who preceded me,
was for putting this peace measure off until next
session—a notable piece of economy, surely!
Sir, I hope the House, by voting this supply,
will register its desire to see this Mexican war
terminated, whenever, on reasonable and honor-
able terms, it can be. That war once ended, and
there is not, that I can see, along the entire politi-
cal horizon, even a cloud as big as a man's hand,
threatening another. The object proposed is peace,
not local or temporary, but permanent and over an
entire continent. In view of such an object, how
paltry is the sum demanded! Not with willing-
ness merely—with gladness, should we unite to
grant it.
Mr. EWING, of Tennessee, had desired to get
^ the floor to offer a resolution calling on the Presi-
j dent for information in regard to our Mexican rela-
tions, but had been unsuccessful. After we had
: appropriated nearly £30,000,000 to enable the Pres-
| ident to carry on war, why did we want §2,000,000
i to make peace? The Congress of the United
States was as well entitled to know of the propri-
ety of peace and war, and of the facts existing—
' m case their aid was to be invoked—as the Presi-
dent was. He was not disposed to vote a vote
1 of confidence in the President. He referred to
) some of those which he considered obnoxious acts
| of the President, and said their author was the
| man who would receive a vote of confidence if
i this bill passed. He eouH not vote :for it.
Why did not the President take steps towards
peace, if he was going to, before he had plunged
the cctantiy Jn war-^-a iway! Bad! feast
thirty millions,' He wfea for-peace—an honorable
peace; for buying it, if necessary; but he wanted
to know at what hazard—on what terms. He
wanted to know distinctly for what purpose this
two millions of dollars was to be appropriated,
before he could vote it. He called on some
friend of the President to say whether it was de-
sired to get California.
Mr. JONES, of Georgia, in reply, (Mr. E. yield-
ing,) said he was in favor of the President buying
California, and thereby getting the indemnities due
to our citizens. We must do that, or some other
such measure, or we never could get our pay.
Mr. EWING would be willing to purchase Cal-
ifornia according to the laws of peaceful nations.
_ I11 conclusion, he caused to be read the resolu-
tion of inquiry which he had wished to offer.
Mr. WOOD. I rise for information. I would
ask the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Owen",] who
thinks it best to buy peace, what evidence there is
that peace can be bought ? I am for peace as much
as any one on the floor of this House, and what-
ever course I may take in this matter will not be
dictated by opposition to it. It is unquestionably
the duty of the President to make peace whenever
he can, and he should do so, without first coming
to this House to know whether he should, or not.
But I deny, sir, that the question before this House
is one of peace. No such proposition has been
submitted. There is no evidence that the Mexi-
cans desire peace. It has not been even intimated
that they have made any proposition for that pur-
pose. A false issue is attempted here, and I, for
one, do not intend to be placed in a false position.
The usual course as regards treaties, is, that they
should be first raufied by the Senate, and when so
ratified, to come, if necessary, to this House for
the means of carrying them out. Why this de-
parture from the usual course ? Is it thatthe Presi-
dent has 110 confidence in this House, and that he
asks us in advanceto ratify whathe maydo, forfear.
we will refuse to do it when we know what it is ?
Or, sir, is it, that if a treaty is negotiated, the Mex-.
icans will not trust us until next December, but
