m
1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1221
prepared to state to us that there haa been any
intimation on the part of the Government of the
Republic of Mexico of a desire to part with any por-
tion of her territory? I have heard of none, sir. On
the contrary, there has seemed at all times to be a
very anxious desire existing in that country to
maintain its integrity as it is. Sir, I think this
disposition has prevailed throughout every trans-
action. I have noticed recently that there has
been some attempt made to negotiate with one of
the provinces of Mfexico that is said to be in a state
of revolt—-I mean Yucatan. The answer was a
singular one. It was, if I am correctly informed,
" that they had no disposition to relinquish the
' connexion which they had with Mexico, as to
' the integrity of the nation. They chose still to
' recognise Mexican jurisdiction as extending over
'their whole territory." Well, that is very sig-
nificant. _ Now, I desire to know if there is any
information 
Mr. LEWIS hoped the Senator would allow
him to make a suggestion. They had but twenty
minutes of their existence remaining. If the Sen-
ator desired to make a speech upon this subject, he
hoped he would have no objection to the introduc-
tion of a resolution for rescinding the one by which
Congress had agreed to adjourn at twelve o'clock
this day.
I shall occupy but a few minutes.
"Will you allow me to introduce
Mr. DAVIS.
Mr. LEWIS,
the resolution ?
Mr. DAVIS.
Mr. LEWIS.
Mr. DAVIS.
After I have finished.
But it will then be too late.
I promise the gentleman that I
will stop before the time for adjournment arrives.
Mr. LEWIS. The other House may adjourn
in the meantime.
[A message was here received from the House.]
Mr. DAVIS resumed. It is impossible, Mr.
President, under the circumstances which exist, to
discuss this question; it is impossible to reason
upon it, in consequence of these frequent interrup-
tions; but, sir, I protest (and, as far as my own
vote is concerned, it shall not prevail) against the
proposition now made to amend the bill. I am
quite satisfied with that provision of the bill as it
stands, and if it had been originally introduced
here, it would, if the bill is to pass, have my
approbation; if there is to' be an accession or ac-
quisition of territory, that provision should be
appended to the bill, and made a part of it. His
friends from the southern coimtry could not cer-
tainly consider it at all offensive towards them that
he should be in favor of retaining it, or if he should
say to them that they seemed to be a little am-
bitious in this matter. The acquisition of territory
on our southern limits redounded to their benefit
altogether; the newly acquired territory ranged
itself under their banner. How many Senators
were there even now who owed their seats to ac-
cession of territory, made since the formation of
the Union? There were at least eight or ten.
And while contemplating the acquisition of terri-
tory extensive enough to furnish ten more States,
I would like to know if their interest alone is to
be consulted ? If California is to be annexed, that
vast region, comprehending one-third at least of the
Mexican Republic, wuh institutions assimilating
themselves to those of the Southern States of this
Union, I say it seems to me to be a matter which
"well deserves the attention of the free States, in
order that the equipoise of power may not be com-
pletely subverted and made to incline in favor of
their Southern friends.
Mr. LEWIS. I would thank the gentleman to
allow me to introduce this resolution.
[Cries of" No," "no," "no," 011 the left of tlio
Chamber.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts yield the floor ?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 do not, sir. I told the gentle-
man I would conclude before the hour of adjourn-
ment arrived. I have said, Mr. President, not all
1 desired to say—for I could desire to say a great
deal upon this subject—but about all which the
time will permit me to say. It is a matter preg-
nant with consequences that are highly alarming
to the country; it is a matter that will agitate the
country from one end of it to the other, and it
does seem to me that when you pass a bill of this
description, containing an appropriation of two
millions of dollars  
[A message was received from the President of
the United States.]
containing, I say, an appropriation of two millions
of dollars, for the purpose of accomplishing the
restoration of peace by an acquisition of territory,
that it is tantamount to a declaration that no peace
can be made until that territory is acquired. It is
an expression here, in the face of the country, that
this war, begun as it was without occasion, as I
think, is to be continued until this acquisition of
teiritory is made, be it a longer or a shorter period
of time. Wow, with all due deference to the Pres-
ident of the United States, and all those who en-
tertain a different opinion from myself on this sub-
ject, I am obliged to conclude—the conviction forces
itself upon my mind—that if you pass a measure
of this kind, you declare that no pcace is to be made
until the object which is here signified is accom-
plished. Pass this bill, and the President of the
United States will feel justified in prolonging the
war until this object is accomplished, and this ad-
ditional territory is acquired, 011 the ground that
Congress had given an opinion favorable to this
view of the subject. The effect would be, in my
judgment, to prolong this war, instead of hastening
its conclusion. And this I say because I see no
evidence here that the Republic of Mexico lias
made any advances which justify the conclusion
that she is anxious to make this sort of settlement
by a concession of territory. Well, how can I
resist the conviction I have expressed, that the war
is to be continued under the sanction of Congress.
I am anxious for the reestablishment of peace, and
unwilling that the question should be entangled
with the question of the acquisition of territory?
Let us meet the question promptly and fairly, and
as speedily as possible. The sooner the better.
You have an army embodied, and you propose that
that army shall prosecute the campaign 
Mr. LEWIS. It is needless for the gentleman
to proceed any further 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts yield the floor?
Mr. DAVIS. For a question of order. Other-
wise not.
Mr. LEWIS. I merely wish to state the fact
that the House has adjourned.
[A final message from the House was here de-
livered.]
Mr. DAVIS (proceeding) said, I cannot too
strongly impress upon your mind, Mr. President,
and upon the minds of Senators, the view which
I take of tins subject.
Mr. McDUFFIE. I understand that the House
has adjourned. I move, therefore, that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Executive
business.
The motion was unanimously agreed to; and
the Senate, the hour of twelve having arrived,
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and, after a short time, adjourned sine die.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, .August 10,1846.
In pursuance of the order of the House of Sat-
urday evening last, the Speaker called the House
to order at eight o'clock.
The Journal of Saturday having been read, (in
part,) was approved.
Mr. KING, of New York, moved thatthe House
proceed to the consideration of private bills from
the Senate.
No objection was made, and the House proceeded
to that order of business.
But no bill had been disposed of, when
Mr. McKAY moved a joint resolution for the
suspension of the following joint rule of the two
Houses:
" Ru!e 17.—No bill or resolution that shall have passed
the House of Representatives and tlie Senate, shall be pie-
seated to the President of the United States, for his appro-
bation, on tlie last day of the session."
Mr. G. DAVIS suggested that the resolution
should be so amended as to specify the bills.
It was stated that it would be nearly impossible
to do this; and, after some further conversation,
Mr. D. waiving his suggestion.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked and
obtained leave to offer a resolution calling upon the
Secretary of War to lay before the House the re-
port of Messrs. Lewis & Butler, commissioners to
the wild Indians of the West, &c. Adopted.
NAVY PENSIONS.
On motion of Mr. MeKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Cobb in the chair,) and took up
the amendment of the Senate to the navy pension
bill, which adds a section appropriating $3,000 for
the payment of invalid pensions, which, prior to
1844, were paid out of the privateer pension fund.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House non-con-
cur in the amendment.
The question was put and decided in the affirma-
tive.
And, on motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee
agreed to rise and report.
Mr. G. DAVIS rose and called for a count.
The CHAIRMAN decided that it was too late,
the question having been decided in the affirma-
tive, with no call for a division.
Mr. DAVIS objected to the validity of the pro-
ceeding, as there was no quorum present, and it
was not competent for the committee to acton this
or any other subject.
The CHAIRMAN repeated that the committee
had disagreed with the amendment of the Senate,
no division having been callcd, and that the Chair-
man could not know whether a quorum was pres-
ent or not unless by count.
The committee then rose and reported.
And the question was propounded on concurring
in the report of the committee disagreeing to the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. G. DAVIS renewed his objection to the
validity of the proceedings of the committee, and
some further conversation" occurred 011 this point.
It being finally agreed that a vote of th'e House
would indicate whether a quorum was present,
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, demanded
the yeas and nays; which were ordered, and,
being taken, resulted—yeas 84, nays 48.
So the amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
REVENUE FROM CUSTOMS.
Mr. McKAY asked leave to offer certain reso-
lutions, which (he said) were mere resolutions of
inquiry.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL objected.
Mr. McKAY. I send them to tlie Chair, and
I ask that they be read.
The SPEAKER. They will be read for infor-
mation.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object.
Mr. McKAY. I ask the reading, and I move
a suspension of the rules.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is moved that the rules bs
suspended for the purpose of receiving these reso-
lutions, and they will be read for information. The
resolutions were read.
Mr. CAMPBELL asked the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules; which were or-
dered.
And the Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Whilst doing so, Mr. McKAY interposed, and
asked leave to state that he had introduced the
resolutions under instructions from the Committee
of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
The call of the roll having been completed,, the
result of the vote was announced as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Arnold, At-
kinson, Barringer, Bedmger, Benton, Bigs*, James Black,
J:imes A. Black. Bo-vvhn, Boyd, Brinkerhoff, Brockenbrougb,
Burt, John G. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Clarke,
Cobb, Corlce, Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Garrett Davis,
Dobbin, Douglass. Dromgoole, Dunlap, Edsall, Kllswonb,
Erdman, Edwin TI. Ewim*, Faran, Fieklin, Fries, Garvin,
Giles, Gordon, Grover, HaiaLon, Henley, Billiard, Hopkins,
Hough. John W. (Iouslon, Edmund W. ITubard, Hunter,
Jenkm-', James H. Johnson, Andrew Jotm-on, Seaborn
Jones, Kaufman, Preston King, Lawrence, Leake, La Sere,
Levin, Long. Lumpkin, Maclay, MeClean, McClelland,
McClernand,' McKay, John P. Maitin, Barkley Martin,
Morse, Moulton, Niven, Morris. Owen, Perry, Pettit, Phelps,
Pillsburv, I'l'id. Khett, Hitter, Roberts, Sawtelle, Scaitimon,
Alexander D. Suns, Leonard H. Sims, Stanton, Strong,
Sykes, Jacob Thomp*on, Thvmnan, Tibliatts, Towns, Vin-
ton, Wentworth, Wick, Williams, Wihnot, Wmthrop,
Woodward, Woodworth, and Yost—90.
nay'S—Messrs. John Gkuney Adams, Ashman, Bell,
Bulfinston, William W. Campell, John II. Campbell, Car-
roll, Cranston, Grider, Grmnell, Hampton/-Samuel D. Hub-
bard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph It. lngersoll,
Lewis, McHenry, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller, Moseley, Pen-
dleton, Xtamscy, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell. Root,
Runk, Scllenek. Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Al-
bert Smith, Strohni, Tiiden, Trumbo, White, Wright, and
Young—38.
So, two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules
were suspended, and the resolutions were re-
ceived.
