1222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. *
Aug; :1
And the question being on the adoption of the
resolutions—
Mr. McKAY demanded the previous question.
Mr. P. KING (in the meantime) submitted an
amendment, providing that the cost should include
the expenses of each district. Agreed to.
The previous question was seconded. The
main question was ordered, and the resolutions, as
amended, were adopted.
Mr. PETTIT desired to offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. It is too late. The resolu-
tions are adopted.
Mr. PETTIT. They are passed; but no part
of the question had been put until I had addressed
the chair three times.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
gentleman.
REPORT ON TIIB BANKS.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, submitted on leave,
the report of tlie Secretary of the Treasury on the
subject of the banks was ordered to be printed.
Mr. RHETT made an ineffectual effort to in-
troduce a resolution.
On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, submit-
ted on leave, the Committee of the Whole were
discharged from the consideration of the bill for
the relief of Charles P. Cybel; which was read a
third time, and passed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, the rules were sus-
pended, and the House proceeded to the consider-
ation of Senate bills on the private calendar.
Several private bills from the Senate (of which
we could not obtain the titles) were taken up, con-
sidered, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. McCLERNAND, on leave given, reported
back from the Committee on Public Lands the
joint resolution ftom the Senate relative to errors
and defective returns in certain plats and field-
notes; which, by consent, was read a third time, I
and passed.
Mr. MARSH made an ineffectual motion to
discharge the Committee of the Whole from the
consideration of the bill for the relief of J. P. Skin-
ner.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL moved a suspension
of the rules, for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the bill for the relief of the widow
of Alexander Hamilton.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. DANIEL said that there were a number of
Senate bills in Committee of the Whole, some of
which ought to pass. If the House would indulge
him by going into committee, he would designate
such as, in his opinion, were entitled to its favor-
able consideration.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported the bill from the Senate for
the relief of Bent, St. Vram, & Co.
The bill was committed.
Mr. HARALSON also reported the bill for the
relief of Mary MacRea, widow of Colonel Wil-
liam MacRea, late of the army of the United
States.
Mr. HILLIARD, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported the bill from
the Senate for the relief of Thomas Rhoades.
It was committed.
Mr. BEDINGER, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported the bill from the Senate for
the"settlement of the claims of New Hampshire
against the United States.
The bill was committed.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved that certain
adverse reports which he had laid on the table on
Saturday evening should be printed; and that the
Committee of the Whole should be discharged from
certain other papers designated.
Objection was made, (the reporter thinks.)
Mr. WENT WORTH moved that the Commit-
tee of the Whole be discharged from the considera-
tion of the bill for the relief of Elijah White.
Objected to.
Mr. SCHENCK made an ineffectual effort to go
into committee* to take up the bill for the relief of
Mrs. Alexander Hamilton.
Some other business having intervened, (which
is classed under its proper head,)
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of takinsr
up the said bill.
On this motion no quorum voted.
The question was again taken by tellers; and the
vote stood—ayes 56, noes 63.
So the motion was rejected.
Mr. P. KING, on leave given, withdrew cer-
tain papers (title not heard) from the files of the
House.
Mr. SEAMAN made an ineffectual motion to go
into committee on private bills from the Senate.
Mr. GORDON made a similar motion on another
bill. Rejected.
Mr. HOPKINS made a similar motion to take
up the bill for the relief of the late sub-Indian
agent. It was (he said) a righteous claim.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF subsequently renewed
the motion to go into committee on the same bill
(for the relief of E. White.)
On which motion the vote stood—ayes 90, noes20.
No quorum voting.
A message was received from the Senate in re-
lation to the general appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER announced it.
Mr. WENTWORTH objected, on the ground
that the last vote showed there was no quorum
voting. If gentlemen would sit in their seats and
not vote, let them take the responsibility.
Some conversation followed.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF called for a second count,
but gave it up for the moment.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
And the SPEAKER laid before the House the
message from the Senate in relation to the bill.
The committee of conference on the part of the
two Houses had agreed upon a conference, the
Senate having receded from many of its amend-
ments, and the House having receded from its dis-
agreement.
Mr. McKAY. There is no time now left for
explanation. But inasmuch as a rumor is in circu-
lation that the conferees have incorporated into this
bill an amendment embodying the disputed appro-
priation of two millions of dollars, 1 have risen
simply to make the declaration that there is
nothing of the kind in this report. It is true, that
the subject was under deliberation yesterday, and
that a proposition was made, but it was not acted
upon.
The Senate have receded from many of its I
amendments, and the House have receded from its j
disagreement. I hope the House will concur in [
the report, and I ask the previous question. j
Mr. TIBBATTS. called for the reading of the i
report; but the House refused to have it read. j
The previous question was then seconded. The !
main question was ordered, and, being taken, the ]
report was concurred in. i
So the bill stands passed. i
Mr. COBB moved a reconsideration of the vote. '
The House refused to reconsider !
Mr. BRINKERHOFF having renewed his mo- J
tion to go into Committee of the Whole, (for the. ;
purpose of taking up the bill for the relief of Elijah ■
White)—
The question was taken, and decided in the af- ;
firmative. j
So the House resolved itself into Committee of 1
the Whole, (Mr. Boxd, of Kentucky, in the '
chair.) j
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved that the commit- j
tee take up the said bill. 1
Some proceedings and discussion followed on i
points of order, (involving the right of this claim j
to priority over others.) !
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Alabama, rose to a qucs- ;
tion of order. Htf said he protested against taking ;
up private bills out of their regular order. [The j
Chair stated that the House had resolved itself into
committee of the whole upon that bill.] Mr. C.
said, neither the House nor the committee, except '
by unanimous consent, could give one private :
claimant a preference over another. Mr. C. said ,
he was not opposing private claims. On the eon- 'j
trary, he was willing and anxious to go on with '
private claims now, and consider them all; but he fi
was for taking them up in their regular order on :
the calendar, and do equal justice. He protested ,
against giving such an advantage to a private 1
claimant, merely because he had been here all the j
session, importuning members. His claim, (Mr. \
C. said) was as wanting in merits as any on the
calendar. Let every American citizen have equal [
rights. Equality was all Mr. C. asked. ;
The result was that the bill was then taken up,
and, on motion of Mr. JACOB THOMPSON,a£d
after some explanations by him, it underwent
some amendment.
It was then laid over to be reported.
And the committee took up another bill of the
same title, (making remuneration for property de-
stroyed by Indians.)
NAVAL APPROPRIATION! BILL.
The SPEAKER resumed the chair informally,
to receive a message from the Senate on the sub-
ject of the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice of the United States for the current fiscal
year.
All points of difference between the two Houses
were disposed of, except as to the amendment
which authorizes a portion of the contingent ap-
propriation to the school at Annapolis.
On motion of Mr. MeKAY, the House receded
from its disagreement to this amendment.
So the bill stands passed.
Mr. McKAY moved to reconsider the vote.
The House refused to reconsider.
The chairman then resumed his seat in commit-
tee,
And the House resumed the consideration of the
bill for the relief of E. White; which was consid-
ered and amended.
The committee then rose, and reported the two
bills to the House.
The amendments were concurred in, and the
bills were read a third time, and passed, and sent
to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. R. CHAPMAN moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole, with a
view (he said) to give other private claimants some
chance.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. J. B. HUNT moved a suspension of tha
rules, to enable him to report from the Committee
on Public Lands Senate bill to establish an addi-
tional land office in the northern part of the State
of Michigan, and authorizing the sale of the min-
eral lands.
Mr. SCHENCK asked for the yeas and nay3,
which were ordered; smd, being taken, were—■
yeas 79, nays 59. .
So the rules were not suspended.
-.A message was reecived fi-oni the 'Senate in-
forming the House that the Senate had receded
from its amendment to this bill.
So the bill stands passed.
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made sundry reports in the course of
the day.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, a resolution was
adopted, in the usual form, providing for the ap-
pointment of a committee on the part of the House,
to join such committee as may be appointed on
the part of the Senate, to wait on the President of
the United States and inform him that, unless he
had other communications to make, the two Houses
were ready to adjourn.
And Messrs. Hopkins, of Virginia, James
Thompson, of Pennsylvania, and Vixton, of Ohio,
were appointed a committee on the part of this
House.
The report of the committee of conference on
the subject of the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill providing for the payment of
the evidences of public debt in certain cases, (i. e.
in relation to the purloined treasury notes,) was
taken up and concurred in.
So the bill stands passed.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. DANIEL again appealed to the House to
go into committee for the purpose of disposing of
the few private Senate bills which yet remained
unacted upon, and the passage of which was
proper.
The House, ad interim, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the last mentioned report from the
committee of romeience.
Mr. SEAMAN moved that the House go into
Committee of the Whole for the purpose of taking
up the bills indicated by Mr. Daniel.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked the. yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and, being taken, were—yeas
86, nays 48.
So, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
motion was rejected.
