TT '
1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1223
Several messages were received from the Pres-
ident of the- United States, by the hands of J.*K.
Walker, Esq., his Private Secretary, informing
the House that the President had approved and
signed certain bills.
Mr. CARROLL, on leave, withdrew certain
papers from the files of the House.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL, on leave given,
offered a resolution; which was adopted.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, informing the House that he
had approved and signed the bill to provide for the
establishment of the Smithsonian Institute.
The SPEAKER said, that by one provision of
the bill, it was made the duty of the Chair to ap-
point three regents.
And the SPEAKER announced that he had ac-
cordingly appointed the following gentlemen:
Mr. Owen, of Indiana; Mr. IIouch, of New
York; Mr. Hilliaed, of Alabama.
Mr. RATIIBUK moved that the House resolve
itself into committee of the Whole, for the pur-
pose of taking up, in their order, the Senate bills
on the private calendar.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said it was now past eleven
o'clock. Congress was to adjourn at twelve. He
asked the yeas and nays on the motion to go into
committee; which were ordered, and being taken,
were—yeas 83, nays 38.
So the rules were suspended.
A message was received from the Senate, in-
forming the House that the Senate had suspended
the 16ih joint rule so far as concerned this bill.
And the House concurred.
A message was received from the Senate, inform-
ing the Housethat the Senate had appointed certain
members of its body regents of said institution.
The bill for the relief of Elijah White, which
had been returned from the Senate with an amend-
ment, was referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CHIPMAJf rose to a correction of the
Journal of a former day. He had voted (he said)
for the river and harbor bill, before, as well as after,
the veto, hut his vote had been erroneously record-
ed; a fact of which he was not aware, until made
acquainted with it by a calumnious article which
appeared in a New York paper.
The Journal was ordered to be amended accord-
ingly.
Messrs. HEXLEY, BIGGS, and RAMSEY,
from the Committee on Enrolled liiiis, .made re-
ports.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole, (M. Boyd, in the chair.)
Some proceedings followed on points of order.
The bill for the relief of Cheever was taken
up and laid aside.
And the committee took up and considered the
amendments of the Senate to the bill for the relief
of E. While, (which amendments involved appro-
priations to carry out the Cherokee treaty, and
other small appropriations for the Indian service.)
Mr. BARRINGER moved the following as an
amendment, v.-hich was rejected:
Provided, Tuat the treaties of 1635 and 1846 with the
Cherokee ^hali not be so eon-trued ax to deprive the Cher-
okee* residing m tile State of North Caiolma of their equal
proportion oi the money for which the r;i :t of the Mis-
sissippi were sold: And provided. That in a!! luture pay-
ments under said treaties, there shall be paid to the  aid
North Carolina C'herokees a sum equal to their proportionate
share of such payment.
The amendments of the Senate having been con-
curred in, the committee rose and reported them
to the House.
And the question being on concurring in the
amendments of the Senate,
Mr. P. KING moved that the bill and amend-
ments be laid on the table. Rejected.
And the amendments were concurred in.
So the bill stands passed.
POST ROUTE BILL.
This bill having been returned from the Senate
with certain amendments, the House proceeded to
consider the same.
And the amendments were concurred in.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill for the
relief of Richard C. Anderson was read and agreed
to.
The hour of twelve (fixed by the joint resolu-
tion for the adjournment of Congress) was ap-
proaching rapidly, and many eyes were bent upon
the clock. The distance which-the finger had yet
to travel was just perceptible—no more.
Mr. WINTHROP (scarcely heard on the left of
the Chair, amongst the confusion that prevailed)
was understood to inquire of the Speaker, wheth-
er, in carrying out the joint resolution, the Speaker
intended to be guided by the time of the House or
of the Senate!
The SPEAKER. By the time of the House.
Mr. WINTHROP was understood to suggest
that there was a difference between the clock of
the Senate and that of the House of about seven or
eight minutes—the former being so much in ad-
vance of the latter.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON expressed the hope
that the Senate time would be taken, so as to admit
of action on the bills yet between the two Houses.
Many voices: "Twelve o 'clock, twelve o 'clock.'9
The SPEAKER rose.
Mr. BIGGS, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, was seen at this instant hastening down one
of the side aisles with an enrolled bill in his hand,
and made his report at the Speaker's table.
And the Speaker's hammer fell on the table be-*
fore him.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen: The hour of
twelve, at which the two Houses, by their joint
resolution, agreed to adjourn, having arrived, I
pronounce this House adjourned until the first
Monday in December next.
THE EXECUTIVE JOURNAL ON THE
OREGON QUESTION.
In Senate of the United States,
Jluzust 7, 1846.
Resolved, That the injunction of secrecy be removed from
all the correspondence heretofore communicated to Senate
in Executive session relative to the Oregon temfory.
In Senate of the United States,
July 10, 1846.
Resolved, That the injunction of secroov bo forthwith re-
moved from the tieatv with Great Butain relative to the
Oiegon territory, and the correspondence which accom-
panied it, and Jill the proceedings thcieon, including the
speeches and lemaiks of Senator*.
In Senate of the United Status,
Jhu*u&t 8, 184G.
Resolved, That 9,000 copies of the journal, eoirrspontfpnce,
and documents connected with the Oregon treaty, be printed
for the use of the Senate.
EXECUTIVE JOURNAL OF THE SENATE OF THE
UNITED STATES. ,
Wednesday, June 10, 1846.
A message was leeeived from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Walker, his Secretary.
[The message will appear in the Appendix.]
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, that the message
and documents communicated therewith be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and printed
in confidence for the use of the Senate,
A division of the question was called by Mr.
McOUFFIE; and on the question, " that the mes-
sage and documents communicated therewith be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations?"
it was determined in the negative—yeas 9, nays 37.
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN, the yeas and
nays being desired by one-fifth of the Senators
present,
Those who voted in the affirmative are,
Mpeara. Allen, Ashley, Atherton, Breese, Cass, Dickin-
son, Fairfield, Hunnegan, and Turney.
Those who voted in the negative are,
Mes«rs, Archer. Bagby, Benton, Berrien, Calhoun, Chal-
mers, Thomas Clayton, Colquitt, Onvin, Davis, Dayton,
Dix, Greene, TIaywood, Houston, Ilmitington, Jarmisin,
Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis Mc-
Dnffie, Mansrum", Miller, Morehead, Niles, Pearce,, Penny-
backer, Phelps, Rusk, Simmons, Speight, Upham, W ebstcr,
Westeott, Wuudbridge, and Yulec.
So the motion to refer was rejected.
On the question to agree to the sccond clause of
the motion, on motion by Mr. TURNEY that it he
on the table—it was determined in the affirmative:
yeas 27, nays 21.  
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN, the yeas and
nays being desired by one-fifth of the Senators
present.
Those -who voted in the affirmative are,
Messrs. Archer, Benton, Berrien, Calhoun, Chalmers,
John'M. Clavton, Colquitt, Davis, Dayton, Greene, Hay-
wood, Hou.-ton, Huntington, Johnson of Maryland, -Vin-
son of Louisiana, Lewis, McDutfie, Mangum, Miller, Moie-
head. Pearce, Pennybaeker, Phelps, Rusk, Speight, Turney,
and Upham.
Those who voted in the negative are
Coi
Jennets ,
cott, Woodbiidge, and Yulee.
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN, that the fur- _
ther consideration of the message and accompany-
ing documents be postponed until Monday next
the 15th instant, it was determined in thenegative,
yeas 13, nays 35.
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN, the yeas and
nays being desired by one-fifth of the Senators
present.
Those who voted in the affirmative are,
Messrs. Allen. Atherton, Bieese, Cass, Colquitt, Dickin-
son, Fairfield, Hannegan, Jarnagin, Jenness, Rusk, Semple,
and Westcott.
Those who voted in the negative are,
Messrs. Archer, Ashley, Bagby, Benton, Berrien, Cal-
houn, Chalmers, John M. Clayton, Corvvm, Davis, Dayton,
Dix, Greene, Haywood, Houston, Huntington, Johnson of
Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis, McDuffie, Man-
gum, Miller, Morehead, Niles, Pearce, Pennybaeker, Phelps,
Sevier, Simmon®, Speight, Turney, Uphara,Webster,Wood-
bridge, and Yulee.
So the motion to postpone was rejected.
Thursday, June 11, 1845.
On motion by Mr. MANGUM, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the message of the President of
the United States of the 10th instant, communica-
ting a proposal for the adjustment of the Oregon
question; and after debate,
Mr. HAYWOOD submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring,)
That the President of the United States be, and he is hereby,
advised to accept the proposal of the Bnttsh Government,
accompanying his message to the Semite, dated 10th June,
1816, for a convention to settle boundaries, &c., between
the United Slates and Great Britain west of the Rocky or
Stony Mountains.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to consider the snid resolution.
On motion by Mr. NILES, that it be amended,
by adding thereto the following:
With the following proviso at the end of the second arti-
cle of the proposed convention, to wit:
"Provided, That the lights oi navigation secured to Brit-
ish subject**, by this aitide, be limited to the year A. D.
1859, when they shall cease and determine."
After debate, on motion by Mr. BENTON, the
Senate adjourned.
Friday, June 12, 1846.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. Haywood on the 11th instant,
together with the amendment proposed thereto by
Mr. Niles; and, after debate, Mr. Niles, by
•unanimous consent, modified his proposed amend-
ment to read as follows:
With the following proviso at the end of the second arti-
cle of the proposed convention, to wit:
"Provided, That the right of navigating the Columbia
rtver, secured to the Hudson Bay Company, and to all Brit-
ish subjects trading with the same, oe limited to tjie year
A. iJ. 1S63, when it shall cease and determine."
On the question to agree thereto, it was deter-
mined in the negative—yeas 10, nays 31.
On motion by Mr. NILES, the yeas and nays
being desired by one-fifth of the Senators present,
those who voted in the affirmative are,
Messrs. Ashley, Atherton, Bagby, Dix, Fairfield, Hous-
ton, Jenness, Niles, Simmons, and Woodbridge.
Those who voted in the negative are,
Messrs. Archer, Benton, Berrien, Calhoun, Chalmers,
Thomas Clayton, Jolm M. Clayton, Colquitt, Davis, Dayton,
Evans, Greene, Haywood, Huntington, Johnson of Mary-
land, Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis, MeDutfie, Manguin,
Miller, Moiehead, Pearce, Pennybaeker, Phelps, Rusk,
Sevier, Speight, Turney, Upham, Webster, and Yulee.
So the proposed amendment was rejected.
On the question to agree to the resolution, it was
determined in the affirmative—yeas 38, nays 13.
Those who voted in the affirmative aie,
Messrs. Archer, Ashlev, Bagbv, Benton, Beirien, Calhoun,
Chnlmen, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Colquitt,
Davis, Dayton, Dix, Evans, Gieeue, Haywood, Houston,
Huntington, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson ot Louisiana,
Lewis, MeDuffie, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Niles, Pearce,
Pennvbaeker, Phelps, Husk, Sevier, Simmons, Speight,
Turney, Upham, Webstei, Woodbridge, and Yulee.
Those who voted in the negative are,
Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Breese, Cameron, Cass, Dickin-
son, Fairfield, Hannegan, Jarnagin, Jenness, Semple, and
Sturgeon.
So it, was
Resolved, (tvvo-tliirds of the Senators present concurring,)
That the President of the United States be, and he is hereby,
advised to accept the proposal of the British Government,
accompanying his message to the Senate, dated 10th June,
1M6 for a convention to settle boundaries, See.,between the
United States and Gieat Britain, west of the Kocky or Stony
Mountains.
Ordered, That the Secretary lay the said resolu-
tion before the President of the United States.
Tuesday, June 16, 1846.
A message was received from the President of
