
move at once. The five companies of your brigade now at Camp Pemberton will proceed to Grahamville and occupy the camp now established. No tents will be taken except those from Camp Pemberton. Leave the one company at Coosawhatchie, as also those in Grahamville. I wish you to move as speedily as possible. If the companies have arrived from Camp Pemberton you can take them with you also.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Hardeeville, S. C., March 21, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS F. DRAYTON,

Commanding Sixth Military District of South Carolina:

GENERAL: I consider that there is a sufficient number of troops now in hand and near Bluffton to capture or drive the enemy from his position at Hunting Island. This you will endeavor to do, if not already done, on the receipt of this communication. In consequence of the representations of a courier (dispatched to me be telegraph) and subsequent statements by Major Willcoxon, Georgia volunteers, I have been induced to order forward many more troops than enough to accomplish this object, and I desire you to carry out my orders, though this should not reach you until after daylight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[J. C. PEMBERTON,]

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Hardeeville, S. C., March 21, 1862.

Brigadier-General DONELSON,

Commanding Fifth Mil. Dist. S. C., Head of Fording Island Road:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that as soon as your men are rested you return with your command to the position previously designated for your brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

--- ---,

Captain and Ordnance Officer.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Pocotaligo, S. C., March 22, 1862.

Colonel R. G. DUNOVANT,

Twelfth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Stony Creek, S. C.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding the department directs that you move the eight companies of your regiment now stationed near Stony Creek immediately to Pocotaligo Station, where they will take the cars and proceed to Grahamville Station, S. C.; from thence you will proceed as speedily as possible to Grahmville by public road. You will equip your men with arms, ammunition, and three days' prop-

