
I take pleasure in stating that the officers and men under my command behaved in a prompt, gallant, and meritorious manner, and upon which the success of the expedition depended.

Before closing my report I must call your attention particularly to the gallant part taken by Major General A. C. Garlington, not only in rendering me invaluable assistance by his counsels, but be being prominently engaged in extending and attending to the prompt execution of every order I gave; also to the active part taken by Mr. McCollough and Mr. Irwin in the faithful discharge of the duty I assigned them, upon which the safety of the command depended.

I have the honor to remain, yours, respectfully,

F. G. PALMER,

Major Holcombe Legion.

Colonel P. T. STEVENS,

Commanding Expedition to Edisto, S. C.

P. S.- The Seabrooks not only rendered me invaluable assistance as guides, but took an active part in the skirmish we had with the enemy.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. HOLCOMBE LEGION, CAMP BLAIR, S. C.,March 31, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the above report of Major Palmer. In explanation of one or two points I would state that among the 21 killed, wounded, and captured, as mentioned by Major Palmer, these was 1 prisoner sick in the house, and he was the one left.

I would also call especial attention to the gallantry of Messrs. McCollough and Irwin at the bridge. While they were engaged in destroying the bridge a portion of the enemy, escaping from Major Palmer's party, attempted to cross the bridge, but were driven back, Messrs. McCollough and Irwin encouraging and directing Company I during the skirmish. While holding the bridge two officers approached from Whaley's side (Big Edisto). They ere fire on by a party under charge of Mr. Irwin, and one of the officers was seen to fall and struggle upon the side of the road. He was not seen to rise again. The other fled. Mr. Irwin is under the impression the officer was of high rank, as indicated by his dress, and his impression is that he was killed.

I forward the report of Lieutenant Salvo, commanding detachment of Washington Artillery.

Respectfully,

P. F. STEVENS,

Colonel Holcombe Legion.

Captain A. L. EVANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant James Salvo, Washington Light Artillery.

CAMP SALVO, S. C., March 30, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, having received orders from Colonel Stevens at 1 p. m. Friday, 28th instant, to cross with my section of the Washington Light Artillery to Jehossee Island, in compliance therewith I left this camp at 1.30 p. m. with the two pieces, one 6-pounder gun and one 12-pounder howitzer, for Grimball's Landing, which we reached at 2.30 p. m.

