
the lieutenant left in command of the Montezuma, the German Dannenfelser and 2 men had been allowed to visit Wilmington Island, and were missing. On Monday morning it was ascertained by a patrol that they had been on Dannesnfelser's farm, and left there at 12 o'clock, Sunday, for the Montezuma. The usual boat guard was then left opposite Hunter's farm, and a relief was sent for them towards the afternoon. Guard boat and relief are now missing unaccountably, together with 2 commissioned officers and 35 enlisted men. I shall stay here until further news. I just sent Captain Hinckel to the three gunboats in Warsaw Sound for the purpose of inducing one of them to make a trip up to Gibson's farm and the spikes across Wilmington Narrows.

I most respectfully propose to send 50 men, with 2 commissioned officers and two days' rations, to-night for another reconnaissance in Wilmington, and for ascertaining the fate of the guard boat. If the Forty-sixth Regiment is to give the men, then I most respectfully suggest Captains Schwickart and Paulsackel, with 25 men, from their respective companies each. By the sayings of Dannenfelser and of the negro whom I sent along great rewards (#12,000) have been offered for removing from the fort the garrison. Perhaps an organized great patrol of row-boats lays in Turner's Creek, and it would be desirable to have a steamboat there doing duty during the last period of the siege. Our boats are transports, but not swift enough for military service, and the distance is too great.

By reconnaissances I have got the conviction that the intercourse between the fort and Savannah can be stopped only by taking a position on the water between Turner's and Scriven's, near to the spikes. All the other terrain is a net-work of creeks, passable for small boats, and of the most complicated features. To have a picket on the shore of the south channel, relieved from this place, I found entirely unfeasible, useless, and dangerous. Perhaps from Bird's Point it would be more suitable.

Please find inclosed some papers. The one of referring to Dannenfelser shows all traces of genuineness, and talks greatly for the presumption that he is no traitor.

If one or two spacious and easy-moving row-boats could be sent-if so, at once. Send also a dozen of good oars.

Yours, most respectfully,

RUDOLPH ROSA,

Colonel Forty-Sixth Regiment.

Brigadier-General GILLMORE,

Commanding Post, Tybee Island, Ga.

[Indorsement.]

Since I received the above, Colonel Rosa sends word that the 2 officers and 17 of the men (one boat party) have returned to the hulk. The other boat party was fired into and taken.

Q. A. GILLMORE.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Alexander R. Lawton, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT [DIST.] OF GEORGIA,Savannah, Ga., April 5, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on two successive nights, March 30 and 31, scouting parties were sent to Whitemarsh and Wilming-

