
ton Islands from Thirteenth Georgia Regiment, Colonel Douglass, which were entirely successful, killing 1 and capturing 18 of the enemy, 2 of whom have since died. They also captured a barge with a 6-pounder. We had but 1 man wounded, and it is feared that he will not recover. The scouting party was under the immediate command of Captain Crawford, Thirteenth Georgia Regiment, who conducted it with skill and gallantry, and all the officers and men under his command exhibited the most commendable courage and enterprise.

I regret further to report that on the occasion of a subsequent expedition to Wilmington Island, for the purpose of ascertaining the position of the enemy and attacking him if there, Assistant Surgeon Beasly was shot through the leg by a mistake of our own men and had both bones broken. There is reason to hope, however, that he will recover with as little injury as possible.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. LAWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 5, 1862.- Occupation of Edisto Island, S. C., by Union forces.

Report of Colonel Enoch Q. Fellows, Third New Hamphire Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,North Edisto, S. C., April 5, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the reconnaissance contemplated last evening for to-day has been made and proved very satisfactory. I have taken possession of the entire island, and have not as yet seen the enemy. The Third Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers and two pieces of artillery are stationed at the farther part of the island. I think our position is secure, and do not apprehend any danger. The Third New Hampshire Volunteers will be re-enforced immediately by the Forty-seventh New York Volunteers, the Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers being held in reserve. Two gunboats of light draught would be of great value to us here as a means of defense. The Crusader draws too much water to be able to run around in the creeks. Gunboats of light draught will be able to pass around the island, therefore keeping the enemy at bay, and securing all necessary positions. The steamer Boston arrived at this post this p. m. The sloop of war Dale is still in Saint Helena Sound. I am not fully prepared to give you a full detail of the different positions now held by our forces, but will make a full report soon. Colonel Moore has permission to visit Hilton head, leaving Major Kane in command, who is fully competent. The Ben DeFord returns to Hilton Head early to-morrow. A line of communication is kept up with the outposts be means of the cavalry. I will make a further report to-morrow.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. Q. FELLOWS,

Colonel Third New Hampshire Volunteers, Commanding Post.

