
Bar, to Saint Augustine, and the remaining three companies of the regiment to Fernandina. The garrison at Sait Augustine now consists of seven companies of the Fourth New Hampshire Regiment, and that at Fernandina of the Ninth Maine Regiment, three companies of the Fourth New Hampshire Regiment, and one company of the volunteer engineers. The necessity for the withdrawal of the troops from jacksonville is to be regretted. A considerable number of the inhabitants had avowed themselves publicly in favor of our cause, and, encouraged by the proclamation issued by General Sherman to the people of East Florida, had been active in their efforts to organize a State and city government. These personas could not remain behind with their families with any safety, the enemy having threatened the lives of all who should show us the least favor or even remain in town after our occupation, and I accordingly brought off all such as desires to go, taking also such of their property as the limited transportation at my command permitted. Many of these people have abandoned all, and are without other means than the worthless paper currency in circulation before our arrival. Their condition not only appeals strongly to our sympathies, but they have a claim to present assistance from the Government ot which they profess to be attached, and which owes them aid and protection. I could see no way in which these people could be subsisted at Fernandina, where most of them were landed, except by issues from Government supplies, for the purchase of which many of them, as before remarked, have no money. I have accordingly instructed the commander of the post to cause provisions to be issued to such as need them, not exceeding one ration per day to each person of twelve years old and over, and a half ration to those under that age, the provisions thus issued to be paid for by those having money. This arrangement will, I hope, be continued so long as the necessity for it exists.

To Captain Thomas H. Stevens, senior naval officer in the Saint John's River, I desire to express my obligations for his efficient aid in the embarkation of the troops and in convoying them down the Saint John's River, and to Captain J. P. Bankhead, U. S. Navy, commanding gunboat Pembina, for his valuable assistance in hauling the transports off the wharf at Jacksonville after the troops were on board, which, in consequence of the wind, could not have been accomplished without assistance. I would also acknowledge the obligations I am under to Captain Stevens for his cordial co-operation during the time the troops were in occupation of Jacksonville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Brigade.

Captain A. B. ELY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. N. Dist., Hilton Head, S. C.
HEADQUARTERS, Jacksonville, Fla., March 31, 1862.

Captain LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. E. C., Hilton Head, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: Reports from vatious sources more or less reliable have been received within the past few days of an intention upon the part of the enemy to make an attack upon this place, and on Saturday, the 29th, it was reported by persons coming into the lines that his forces were at Three Mile Creek and prepared to attack the town. To ascertain the truth of the report I ordered five companies of the Fourth New

