
Hampshire Regiment to make a reconnaissance of that vicinity, and in order to see that nothing which should be done should be omitted I accompanied the party myself. We examined the country as far as the creek and pushed the advance some three-quarters of a mile beyond without seeing anything of the enemy, but we learned that a party (horse and foot, numbering 100 perhaps in all) had been in that vicinity earlier in the day and had turned off to their right.

Yesterday two companies sent our from the Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Regiment scoured the country up to and somewhat beyond the run without meeting any signs of the enemy.

To-day reports of a concentration of troops in our front have come in from various persons. At first I was inclined to view them as repetitions of previous rumors, but I have since received intelligence in which I place considerable confidence to this effect:

1st. That the order for the evacuation of East Florida and the transfer of the troops to other localities has been rescinded, and that Governor Milton has been placed in command of all the rebel forces within the States.

2nd. That troops were being assembled at the Six Mile Run, or Creek, and that they were to move to the Three Mile Run and take up position at once.

3rd. That the forces just alluded to are as follows:

The 3rd Florida Regiment..................... 700

The 4th Florida Regiment.................... 1,000

The 5th Davis Cavalry....................... 650

The 1st Florida Battalion................... 350

------

Total....................................... 2,700

4th. That orders had been issued to return to this section of the State the First and Second Florida Regiments, relieving them by Georgia troops. Where these regiments are I am unable to ascertain with certainty; some say at Pensacola, others in Virginia.

I shall, of course, hold this point to the last against any force that may be brought by the enemy, and am entirely confident, with the aid of the gunboats now here, of making a successful defense; yet I must impress upon the general commanding our isolated condition and the disparity between the forces numerically which the enemy can bring against us, as detailed above, and the troops under my command at this point. I would therefore most urgently apply to the general commanding for an increase to the force now at this post of at least two regiments. Should this re-enforcement be sent, it should be furnished with the necessary subsistence. The two sections of the light battery under Captain Ransom are already here.

We are getting up a work on the approaches to mount three of four guns, but it cannot be in condition for defense for several days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Jacksonville, Fla, April 2, 1862.

Captain LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. E. C., Hilton Head, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: Since the date of my last report I have used every effort to ascertain, through individuals coming in, the strength and position

