
of the enemy's forces in this vicinity, and after sifting and comparing the information obtained I am pretty well satisfied that the estimate then presented is not far from the truth. I would, however, state that instead of First and Second Regiments of Florida troops being returned to the State, two Georgia regiments are to be sent here in their place, and that General Anderson, who has been at Pensacola under Bragg, is to command the rebel forces in East Florida. I trust the commanding general may be able to send the re-enforcements I asked for, and if a few cavalry could be added it would leave nothing to be wished for.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,Jacksonville, Fla., April 2, 1862.

Colonel W. G. M. DAVIS,

Commanding Provisional Forces of East Florida,

Camp Langford, East Florida:

COLONEL: After a careful consideration of the propositions presented in your communication of the 1st instant, brought in by Mr. Oscar Hart, under a flag of truce, I have to make the following reply:

1st. That permission to Mr. Hart to have interviews with any citizens of Jacksonville in regard to their leaving the city cannot be granted, nor can I permit him to collect transportation for the conveyance of persons desirous to leave our lines. The propriety of this decision you, as a military man, will readily recognize.

2nd. That the policy announced in my note of yesterday, of permitting the removal from Jacksonville of such persons as may desire to leave our lines to join their families or to reside in the interior of the State, will be continued, and that on application to these headquarters such permission will be granted as will carry them safely beyond our lines. We do not profess to wage war upon women and children, nor upon quiet, unoffending citizens; but, on the contrary, have done all in our power for the protection of their persons and property.

In announcing this policy I have to express the hope that it will be reciprocated by yourself in permitting the free return to Jacksonville of such persons as may desire to come back to their homes. I desire further to say that the forces under my command are instructed to carry on all operations according to the rules of civilized warfare, and that any outrages upon unarmed and unoffending citizens will be punished to the full extent of the law.

From the representation made to me of your character as an officer and a gentleman I am sure you will be governed by a similar spirit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 2, 1862.

Brigadier General HORATIO G. WRIGHT,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Jacksonville, Fla.:

SIR: In view of the fact of the already too-extended line of operations of our forces in this district, the major-general commanding the

