
The heads of the quartermaster's and commissary's departments. Major E. Willis and Captain C. D. Owens, have discharged their several duties with economy and fidelity. The troops hereunto appended of these officers and of their assistants show how unwearied and earnest were their efforts to save the public property left at the headquarters in Beaufort. I must likewise make honorable mention of Colonel W. C. Heaward, Ninth [Eleventh] Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, who commanded in Front Walker and its vicinity, and who during the battle made the best use of the means at his disposal. Colonel John A. Wagener, First Regiment Artillery South Carolina Militia, supported by Major Arthur M. Huger, of the same regiment, was placed in the immediate command of all the batteries, nine of which, upon the water front, were manned by the German Artillery, Companies A and B, Capts. H. Harms and D. Werner, First Regiment Artillery South Carolina Militia, all of whom fought under the flag of their adopted country with and enthusiasm which could not have been surpassed had they been fighting in defense of their own fatherland.

The remaining four batteries on the water front were under the direction of Captain Josiah Bedon, Ninth [Eleventh] Regiment South Carolina Volunteers. The flanking and rear guns of the fort were manned by detachments from Captain Bedon's, Canaday's, and White's companies, Ninth [Eleventh] Regiment South Carolina Volunteers. Major F. D. Lee, South Carolina Engineers and constructing engineer of Fort Walker, not only fought gallantly at the batteries, but afforded valuable assistance at other points in the work during the contest.

Captain Joseph A. Yates, Battalion South Carolina Artillery, and acting ordnance officer, was zealous in the execution of all the duties assigned to him. Toward the close of the fight he was severely wounded, but has since recovered, and is again ready in another field to resist all marauders that may approach our shores. Dr. Ogier and his able assistants, Drs. W. C. Ranevel, and William Elliott, a volunteers from Savannah, Ga., were present, and rendered efficient service in the hospitals. I cannot but regret the painful wound which has been the cause of the resignation of Dr. Ogier as medical director in my military district.

In conclusion, I cannot but express my high appreciation of the gallant behavior of my aides, Captain Henry E. Young and Lieutenant J. E. Drayton, as also that of the gentlemen comprising my volunteer staff, Capts. L. Cheves, H. Rose, E. Lynah, J. E. Eddings, J. I. Middleton, jr., and Joseph A. Huger. The names of the officers and men not mentioned in my report will be found deservedly mentioned in the official reports of the colonels of regiments, commanders of batteries, and chiefs of the general staff.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, yours,

THOS. F. DRAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain L. D. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston, S. C.

[Indorsement.]

HDQRS. PROV. FORCES, DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, Charleston, November 119, 1861.

In night be proper to remark upon the within report and some probably inadvertent inaccuracies, or to give a report of movements and orders from these headquarters and instructions given after news was

