
Numbers 2. Report of Colonel W. G. M. Davis, First Florida Cavalry.
HDQRS. PROVISIONAL FORCES EAST FLORIDA,Camp Langford, Fla., April 12, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the colonel commanding the department, that Captain William M. Footman, of Company F, First Florida Cavalry, in charge or a detachment of 40 men (same corps), sent by me to watch the movements of the enemy near Fernandina and to repel any effort made to leave the island of Amelia for the main-land in such small parties as he might be able to cope with, in the execution of such orders encountered two men on the railroad, who had landed from a hand car, and made them prisoners without resistance.

In a short time afterwards he found a party of 5 men at the house of Judge O'Neal. One of the party, offering resistance, was killed, and the rest then made prisoners. The whole of the prisoners were sent here by Captain Footman, and I have sent them by the train to-day, under a guard of 5 men, to be delivered to you at Tallahassee.

I desire particularly to commend the conduct of Captain Footman, who has on this occasion, as he has at all times, proved himself a zealous, intelligent, and efficient officer.

I am about to increase Captain Footman's force to 100 men. He will be assisted by parties of citizens should he at any time need them, and I look for good news from him before long. He will alarm the enemy and keep them confined to the island.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. G. M. DAVIS,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain I. S. CROSS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. Middle and East Florida.

APRIL 10-11, 1862.- Bombardment and capture of Fort Pulaski, Ga.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Major General David Hunter, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.- Brigadier General Henry W. Benham, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3.- Brigadier General Egbert L. Viele, U. S. Army.

Numbers 4.- Lieutenant P. H. O'Rorke, U. S. Corps of Engineers, of condition of the works of investment on February 28, 1862.

Numbers 5.- Brigadier General Quincy A. Gillmore, U. S. Army, of operations against Fort Pulaski, January 28-April 11, 1862.

Numbers 6.- Surg. George E. Cooper, U. S. Army.

Numbers 7.- Major General John C. Pemberton, C. S. Army.

Numbers 8.- Brigadier General Alexander R. Lawton, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General David Hunter, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Fort Pulaski, Cockspur Island, Ga., April 13, 1862.

SIR: The flag of our country waves over Fort Pulaski. I summoned the garrison to surrender at sunrise on the morning of the 10th instant.

