
at the same time it would be constantly exposed to view from the river. The alternative was adopted of moving the armament of one battery by hand at night on shifting tram-ways across Jone Island, and it was accomplished on the night of the 11th of February. A drenching storm added to the difficulties, the men after sinking to their waists in the marsh, and the guns sometimes slipping from the tram-ways. By morning the guns were in position on the river, and the next day resisted, with unfinished platforms and without cover, an attack from the rebel gunboats, disabling them and driving them off.

Three days after another battery was erected on Bird Island, in the Savannah, under cover of the battery of Jones Island. Bird Island was selected in preference to the upper end of Long Island, as affording a more uninterrupted command of the south channel of the river. Since the erection of the batteries the works have been completed on both islands, the one on Jones Island being called Fort Vulcan, and that on Bird Island Battery Hamilton, and although the material of which they are composed (mud highly saturated with water) is of the most unfavorable description, they are both most creditable specimens of field works, and evidence of the great labor and perseverance of the troops under most trying circumstances, the fatigue parties always standing in water twenty-four hours.

The positions selected for batteries to aid in the reduction of the fort were the lower end of Long Island and the south side of Turtle Island. As these two points were directly under the fire of the fort it was deemed advisable to delay the erection of the batteries until those on Tybee Island were ready to open. Hence it was not until the night before the bombardment commenced that they were thrown up. The entrenchments were completed, but before the guns were all in position the fort surrendered unconditionally. The mortar battery on the lower end of Long Island did good execution. It was gallantly served during the entire bombardment by a detachment of the Third Rhode Island Artillery, under Lieutenants Turner and Tisdale, receiving the most constant and heaviest fire from the fort of all the batteries erected, without in the slightest degree diminishing its activity.

In reporting the results accomplished I have to refer to the services rendered by the staff of General Sherman, without whom the work could not have been performed. These officers were, Captain and Acting Brigadier General Gillmore, chief engineer; Captain John Hamilton, chief of artillery; Lieutenant J. H. Wilson, Topographical Engineers; Lieutenant Porter, Ordnance Corps, and Lieutenant O'Rorke, Engineer Corps. Hesitating at no amount of exposure of fatigue, they succeed by their individual examples in inspiring the men with that energy and zeal which could alone have led them to accomplish the arduous labor required. I am also greatly indebted to the services of Captain Sears, of the Volunteer Engineers, and to Captain J. H. Liebenau, assistant adjutant-general. The accompanying sketch exhibits the positions of the batteries.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EGBERT L. VIELE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major CHARLES G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DAUFUSKIE ISLAND, April 14, 1862.

GENERAL: The accompanying report was prepared for you on the 11th, and was yesterday sent to Tybee, or rather Pulaski, hoping to find

