
you there. I did not receive your note of the 11th until yesterday (13th) afternoon. I think the report covers all the ground, and will send it as I had written it.

With regard to the sortie, a couple of men prowling around from the fort the day before we opened saw the mortar, which had not been quite placed in position before the party was overtaken by daylight, they (the party) having withdrawn to escape observation, concealing a few cartridges which they had brought down with the mortar. These were found and carried off by the two men, who must have been in a great hurry, as they did not damage otherwise. The position of the Long Island battery seemed almost under the walls of the fort, and the men were very much exposed. Nevertheless, although over 50 shots were fired at them, some striking the parapet and some bursting over their heads, no one was injured. The marks of the shell from this mortar I saw on the gorge yesterday, and if I had had time to get heavy guns in position I should have had a fine opportunity to do a great deal of execution.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EGBERT L. VIELE,

Brigadier-General.

General BENHAM,

Commanding, &amp;c.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant P. H. O'Rorke, U. S. Corps of Engineers, of condition of the works of investment on February 28, 1862.

DAUFUSKIE ISLAND, S. C., February 28, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with your directions, I have the honor to submit the following report, showing the amount of work accomplished and the present condition of the batteries on Jones and Bird Islands:

About the 7th of this month it was determined by you to wait no longer the long delayed entrance of the naval force into the Savannah River. It was at the same time directed that a battery should be planted, under cover of the night, at Venus Point, on Jones Island, at the earliest practicable moment. The next day the proposed battery was staked out, and on the same evening an attempt was made to transport the guns and material to the landing on Mud River. This movement, after the greatest exertions to carry it into execution, had to be abandoned for that night, in consequence of the severe storm which came up and the extreme darkness of the night. The attempt was made again ont he ensuing night, and was most successful. Five Parrott guns and an 8-inch siege howitzer were landed on Jones Island, and two of the guns were moved about 200 yards towards their intended positions. Four platforms were laid the same night, two others commenced, and a magazine built. As it was not deemed expedient to show ourselves in the daytime, the work was suspended until the next night. The following morning saw our guns in position and ready for action.

Fatigue parties were now set at work to thrown up a parapet as rapidly as possible, and by night a parapet 8 feet wide and about 3 feet high was thrown up in front of the guns. At the same time a thin covering of earth was thrown around the magazine, in addition to the sand bags which had been placed around it at first. In consequence of the softness of the mud of which the island is made, it was found impossible to make the parapet sufficiently high at once or to give it a regular shape. The first occasion for using the guns showed that the platforms

