
and perseverance with which they discharged the varied duties to which they were assigned.

Captain Hinckel, with one company of the Forty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers and a small battery, occupied for eight weeks, with credit to himself and command, an advanced and exposed position on a hulk in Lazaretto creek, cutting off boat communication in that direction between Fort Pulaski and the interior.

Lieutenant Horace Porter, of the Ordnance Department, rendered important and valuable service. Besides discharging most efficiently the special duties of chief of ordnance and artillery, he directed in person the transportation of nearly all the heavy ordnance and instructed the men in its use. He was actively engaged among the batteries during the action.

Captain Charles E. Fuller, assistant quartermaster, served with me four weeks, assuming during that time the entire charge of unloading the ordnance and ordnance stores from the vessels; a duty which he discharged with a success worthy of special notice.

Lieutenant James H. Wilson, Topographical Engineers, joined my command eleven days before the action, and was assigned to duty as instructor of artillery. He rendered valuable service in that capacity, and also at the breaching batteries on the 10th and 11th.

Captain Louis H. Pelouze, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, and Captain J. W. Turner, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Army, members of Major-General Hunter's staff, volunteered for the engagement, and were assigned to the command of batteries, where their knowledge and experience as artillerists proved of great value.

On the 11th two pieces of Battery Sigel were served by a detachment from the Eighth Regiment Maine Volunteers, under Captain McArthur, of that reigment. The men had all served exclusively as infantry, and received their first artillery drill from Captain Turner and Lieutenant Wilson under a severe fire. They readily adapted themselves to their new duties, and served their guns creditably.

Captain F. E. Graef and Lieutenant T. B. Brooks, commanding respectively the two companies (D and A) of Volunteer Engineers, were indefatigable in the discharge of their duties as engineer officers, which required them to be out with the working parties every night.

I am under obligations to Commander C. R. P. Rodgers and Lieutenant John Irwin, U. S. Navy, for skillfully serving with a detachment of sailors four siege guns in Battery Sigel on the 11th.

Lieutenant W. L. M. Burger, of the regiment of New York Volunteer Engineers, served with zeal and efficiency as my adjutant-general during the operations on Tybee Island.

Lieutenant P. H. O'Rorke, of the Corps of Engineers, and Adam Badeau, esq., volunteered to serve as my aides on the 10th and 11th, and rendered valuable assistance.

The services of Sergt. James E. Wilson, of Company A, Corps of Engineers, deserve special mention, and largely contributed towards getting the breaching batteries ready for service. Sergeant Wilson commanded Battery Burnside during the action.

To Major-General Hunter and Brigadier-General Benham, commanding respectively this department and district, I am under obligations for the official courtesy with which they allowed the project for reducing the fort, which was planned and all but executed before they assumed their commands, to be carried out in all its details without change or modification.

