
Though the professional services of the surgeons were fortunately but little needed, I cannot but state that great credit is due to Dr. Francis Bacon, surgeon of the Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, for his voluntary presence in the batteries nearest to the work being assailed from the opening of the fire until the surrender of the fort, as well as to Brigade Surgeon Craven for the energy shown by him in the performance of the duties belonging to his position during the action.

Respectfully, your most obedient servant,

GEO. E. COOPER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director Dept. of the South.

Major CHARLES G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South.

[Inclosure.]

List of casualties occurring among the United States forces during the siege of Fort Pulaski, Ga., on April 10 and 11: [killed] Thomas Campbell, private, Company H, Third Rhode Island Artillery. There were a few slight injuries received by the cannoneers during the action, but none were reported as unfitting the men for the performance of their duties.

GEO. E. COOPER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director Dept. of the South.

Numbers 7. Report of Major General John C. Pemberton, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. DEP'T OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Pocotaligo, S. C., April 11, 1862 - 11.40 p. m.

General LEE, Richmond, Va.:

I have just received the following telegraph from General Lawton:

General J. C. PEMBERTON:

A messenger from Pulaski reports that the fort surrendered at 2 o'clock to-day; seven breaches in the wall; all barbette guns dismounted, and three shots had entered the magazine.

I left Savannah at 5.30 p. m. At that time all was believed to be right. Four regiments have been ordered to Tennessee. I should have them replaced. Martial law should be proclaimed from Savannah to Augusta, inclusive.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

Numbers 8. Report of Brigadier General Alexander R. Lawton, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT [DIST.] GEORGIA,Savannah, Ga., April 14, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the enemy opened fire on Fort Pulaski early on the morning of the 10th instant, as was evident from the rapid and continuous firing and bursting of shells, which could be seen from the city of Savannah and other accessible points of obser-

