
vation. As communication with the fort was cut off, my knowledge of what occurred during the first day's bombardment was derived exclusively from distant views and the sound of the guns. The firing continued during the entire day and at intervals during the night.

On the night of the 10th I attempted to communicate with the fort by a small boat, for the purpose of conveying to it a man detailed on signal service, who had recently arrived, under orders, from Richmond. He was carried there by Corporal Law, of the Phoenix Riflemen, stationed at Thunderbolt, who had successfully communicated with the fort more than once before since the steamers had been cut off.

It was observed that the fire on both sides ceased about 2 p. m. on the 11th, and these two men returned to the battery at Thunderbolt about 8 o'clock that evening. The only detailed information I have is derived from the verbal statement of these two men. They represent that they reached the fort about 6 o'clock on the morning of the 11th, in the midst of a heavy fire both from the fort and the enemy; that soon after their arrival a breach was made in the wall at the southeast angle, nearest the Tybee Island, and that before the fort surrendered this breach was wide enough to drive a four-horse team through; that the wall, which embraced seven casemates in succession, was nearly all knocked down, and that all the barbette guns which could play on their batteries at Tybee [Island] had been disabled; that several shots had been fired into the magazine. They further represent that 4 men had their arms or legs broken; none others seriously wounded, and none dead at the time they left. They further state that the ships were not engaged at all, but that all the firing was from batteries on Tybee [Island], chiefly from a battery of Parrott guns at King's Landing, the nearest point of Tybee [Island] to the fort. As these men constituted no part of the garrison, they were advised by Colonel Olmstead to make their escape, if possible.

In reporting the statements of these two men I must express my belief that they gave an exaggerated account of the injury done to the fort, owing, perhaps, to the very exciting circumstances under which they must have entered and left it. It is truly painful to be left without any more definite or reliable details, but it is quite certain that Pulaski has fallen, as the enemy's flag has been distinctly seen flying above the ramparts, and I consider it my duty to give you these statements as they were made to me. As there have been no returns received from Fort Pulaski for some time, I cannot give you the precise strength of the garrison. It consisted, however, of five companies, numbering a little over 400 men, and commanded by Colonel C. H. Olmstead. The armament consisted of five 10-inch columbiads, nine 8-inch columbiads, three 42-pounders, three 10-inch mortars, one 12-inch mortar, one 24-pounder howitzer, two 12-pounder howitzers, twenty 32-pounders, and two 4 1/2-inch (Blakely) rifled guns, with 130 rounds of ammunition per gun.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. LAWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Pocotaligo, S. C.

