
Secretary of War to the governors of Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecticut, and conferred with each of them on the subject of my mission. Their excellencies were animated with a very commendable interest in the success of rendezvousing the force on Long Island, and feel a deep solicitude that the Government should extend its efforts even in different directions from those already commenced.

I have ascertained that the probable number of men that can be concentrated on Long Island by September 5 from the above States, with a little increase of energy, is: Maine, three regiments; New Hampshire, two regiments; Massachusetts, five regiments; Rhode Island, one regiment; Connecticut, two regiments; or about 13,000 men.

Some of these regiments will contain men peculiarly well adapted to the nature of the service required, but unless some means outside of the camp on Long Island be taken to make heavy artillerists, this force will be entirely deficient in that element, which the nature of our operations will render of the first importance. Any deficiency, therefore, of "regular" artillerists should be made up of men from these regiments sent to some of our forts for instruction in that particular arm.

But, in consequence of recent orders from the Wara Department to the governors, the force above, considered available for the expedition, is to be diverted to Washington City, and it now, therefore, remains for the Department to decide from whence and when this expedition is to be organized. The time set by the Cabinet for the expedition to leave is rapidly approaching, and, every with the greatest dispatch, it will already be impracticable to prepare it within that time. The rumored threats of the enemy on the Potomac but only necessitate the greater dispatch of this expedition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., August 27, 1861.

[General THOMAS W. SHERMAN:]

SIR: Your letter of the 20th instant having been submitted to the Secretary of War, I now inclose herewith letters to be delivered or forwarded by you to the several governors to whom they are addressed. You will observe the former quota from Massachusetts is reduced from five to three regiments, and three regiments are now called for from New York, in the hope of thus hastening the organization of the force to be under your command.

Very respectfully, &amp; c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosures.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 27, 1861.

SIR: This will be sent you by Brigadier General Thomas W. Sherman, U. S. A., who has heretofore communicated with you on the project of concentrating in a camp of instruction a number of regiments of United

