
States volunteers. As late emergencies may have somewhat interfered with this object, I have now to renew the request that you will put ---- regiments, as soon as they can be prepared for service, under the orders of General Sherman, who will indicate the place of rendezvous.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

(Copy sent to the governor of Maine, three regiments; governor of New Hampshire, two regiments; governor of Massachusetts, three regiments; governor of Rhode Island, one regiment; governor of Connecticut, two regiments; governor of New York, three regiments.)

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 27, 1861.

His Excellency E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York:

SIR: This will be handed you by Brigadier General Thomas W. Sherman, who will explain to your excellency the purpose of the Department in requesting that three of the New York regiments first prepared for service may be put under the orders of General Sherman as soon as they can be made ready. I will also request your excellency to send the next three New York regiments which may be ready, after those above indicated, to Fort Monroe, Old Point Comfort, Va., and the Department will take it as a favor if you will inform it of your action in these matters.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 1. New York, September 9, 1861.

I. The following-named officers are announced upon the staff of the commanding officer:

Major H. G. Wright, U. S. Engineers, chief engineer.

Captain John McNutt, U. S. Ordnance, chief ordnance officer.

Captain Rufus Saxton, Quartermaster's Department, U. S. Army, chief quartermaster.

Captain Michael R. Morgan, Commissary of Subsistence, U. S. Army, chief commissary.

Lieutenant Silas Crispin, U. S. Ordnance.

Assistant Surgeon Chas. A. McCall, Medical Department, U. S. Army.

Lieutenant George Merrill, volunteer aide.

Lieutenant James Magner, volunteer aide.

II. The camp at Hempstead Plains will be designated and known as Camp Winfield Scott.

* * * * * * *

IV. Brigadier-General Viele, having been assigned to duty with this command, will take post at Camp Winfield Scott.

* * * * * * *

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

