
on Sunday last ten rifled cannon, with carriages, caissons, harness, and shot, taking Major Hagner's receipt therefor, to be replaced. I have not yet heard of the safe arrival of this battery.

The regiments forwarded are not all of the requisite strength, nor was it possible to send them in proper condition and comply with your telegraphic dispatch herein copied. I propose to retain recruiting the forces now in the State until near or quite full regimental organizations can be made therefrom and proper equipment can be provided, as the apprehended danger of an attack does not now, I believe, exist at Washington. It would be well for the General Government to direct the several departments of United States officers on duty in this State to fill promptly my requisitions, obey all orders, and to afford every facility in their power in aid of my efforts in supplying the General Government with troops; also to give me authority to continue the raising of regiments or batteries without limit until revoked, or, if in your judgment you deem it necessary and proper to fix a limit, let it be for twenty infantry regiments, additional to those called for, and the proper proportion additional of artillery and cavalry. I do not propose that this call should be public. I am sure it should not be, yet I need the power, as all present requirements, judging from present appearances, are quite sure to be filled. I also desire that, disregarding specifications and forms, the Government should send without delay a competent person to purchase horses in this State, Vermont, or elsewhere near by, for all the purposes required, whether for artillery, cavalry, or ambulance service. Horse equipments, sabers, and bugles are needed immediately. The inspection of horses should be here, and the delivery of them here. Inspection at Washington will greatly embarrass matters. They will be wanted for drilling purposes sooner than they can be purchased and delivered.

Colonel Bailey's regiment at Elmira will consist of ten batteries; the guns, carriages, caissons, shot, harness, and uniforms for the men will be ready, and there will be no finer regiment in the service. He is almost discouraged, as he does not get detached from the United States service, and horses, horse equipments, sabers, and bugles are indispensable, and no ability to procure the former under the restrictions in the horse specifications, and the latter I have been informed would be provided by the Government. At this moment there is less difficulty in getting soldiers than arms. May I ask your immediate attention to the several subjects to which this communication relates?

Faithfully and truly, yours,

E. D. MORGAN.

[Indorsement.]

The within letter of Government Morgan is referred to the Quartermaster-General, with the request that he will reply to that portion which refers to purchasing horses.

By order:

J. LESLEY, JR.

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, EXEC. DEPT.,

Boston, Mass., September 23, 1861.

Brigadier-General SHERMAN, U. S. A.:

GENERAL: His excellency Governor Andrew directs me to write you that he expects you to exert all the personal effort within your power to secure to your command the contingent which you expect from Massachusetts, and prevent it from being diverted to General Butler or any

