
Captain Michael R. Morgan, commissary subsistence, U. S. Army, chief commissary.

Captain Quincy A. Gillmore, U. S. Engineers, chief engineer.

Captain John McNutt, Ordnance Department, chief of ordnance.

Surg. George E. Cooper, Medical Department, U. S. Army, medical director.

By order of Brigadier General T. W. Sherman:

L. H. PELOUZE,

Captain, Fifteenth Infantry, Act. Asst. Adjt. General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS, Numbers 13. Annapolis, Md., October 15, 1861.

The following instructions are promulgated for the information and guidance of the troops composing this command:

I. The troops will embark on the transports, which will be specially assigned to brigades and regiments. The senior officer on board each transport will assign each company, when embarked, its position, and see that each man has been assigned a place or bunk, which assignment will remain permanent while on board.

II. The arms, accouterments, and knapsack of each man will be disposed of with a view to convenience and security, and the ammunition, in cartridge-boxes, will be so placed as to be entirely secure from fire.

III. Every precaution will be taken against fire. Smoking between decks or in the cabins will be prohibited. No lights will be permitted between decks, except such ship-lanterns as may be directed to be suspended in secure positions.

IV. As transports on sea voyages can carry but a limited supply of water, every precaution will be taken to prevent waste or its unnecessary use. The daily allowance per man, including that required for cooking purposes, will be limited to one gallon, and the allowance for each horse to three gallons. This quantity may be reduced by the senior officer on each transport, if deemed necessary.

V. A sufficient guard will be mounted daily, with side-arms, and so posted as will best prevent fire and any improper use of water.

VI. No arm will be loaded on board of transports without proper orders. Both arms and ammunition will be kept in a serviceable condition, and at all times in readiness for use at a moment's notice. Reserve ammunition will be deposited in a safe position, the master of the transport to be consulted as to its location.

VII. The master of each transport will be requested by the senior officer on board to provide wind-sails sufficient to keep the men below decks comfortable at all times.

VIII. Much attention will be paid to the cooking. Such arrangements will be made with the masters of transports as will insure a regular supply of meals to all. The caboose will be kept free of all persons not sent to it on duty. Fancy cooking - such, for instance, as frying meats and dough in fat - is prohibited. Soups, boiled meats, and hard bread compose the true and healthy diet of the soldier on transports at sea.

IX. The Quartermaster's Department will supply the proper disinfecting agents to secure the comfort and health of the command.

By order of General T. W. Sherman:

L. H. PELOUZE,

Captain, Fifteenth Infantry, Act. Asst. Adjt. General.

