
energy and industry so essential in every well-disciplined command and without which successful war cannot be prosecuted.

Whilst the general commanding expects in this way the support of his command, he regrets to say that he has recently noticed a few instances of a lax, loose, and lazy bearing on the part of a few men when on duty. This spirit, if generally diffused, would ignore all usefulness and destroy all prospects of successful operations.

Commanders should at once bring to their official notice all cases of this nature, and if shame will not bring the offender to a sense of duty, punishment must be resorted to.

II. All horses and wagons that the chief quartermaster decides cannot be taken on the transports will be transferred to the quartermaster of the post, with the requisite invoices.

By order Brigadier General T. W. Sherman:

L. H. PELOUZE,

Captain, Fifteenth Infantry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General.

WASHINGTON, October 18, 1861.

General THOMAS W. SHERMAN, Annapolis, Md.:

Your dispatch of yesterday received and shown to General McClellan. I have promised him to not break his army here without his consent.

I do not think I shall go to Annapolis.

A. LINCOLN.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS, Numbers 19. Steamer Atlantic, October 23, 1861.

This command will sail for its destination in a very few days, under convoy of a naval squadron, commanded by Commodore DuPont. The transports will move in three columns and in rear of the main body of the squadron. The transports belonging to the First Brigade will compose the right column, those of the Second Brigade and the Third Rhode Island Regiment the center, and those of the Third Brigade and the Battalion of Volunteer Engineers the left column. Each vessel will retain its order in column, and the columns will move in parallel lines, equidistant, regulating from the right. The sail vessels and other transports inadequate to the task of sailing with the fleet will be towed by such steamers as the chief quartermaster may designate. Commodore DuPont, in co-operation with the land forces, has kindly made such an arrangement of his fleet as w ill secure the transports form unnecessary diffusion, and all senior officers on transports and masters of vessels will enter into the spirit of and conform to these arrangements, a plan of which will be duly given.

II. The general commanding announces to the expeditionary corps that it is intended to make a descent on the enemy's coast, and probably under circumstances which will demand the utmost vigilance, coolness, and intrepidity on the part of every officer and man of his command. In consideration of the justness and holiness of our cause, of the ardent patriotism which has prompted the virtuous and industrious citizens of our land to fly to their country's standard in the moment of her peril, he most confidently believes that he will be effectually and efficiently supported in his efforts to overthrow a zealous, active, and wily foe, whose cause is unholy and principles untenable.

