
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EXPEDITIONARY CORPS, Numbers 29. Hilton Head, S. C., November 15, 1861.

* * * * * * *

III. The fort on Hilton Head will be known as Fort Welles, and the one on Bay Point, heretofore called Fort Beauregard, will be known as Fort Seward.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General T. W. Sherman:

L. H. PELOUZE,

Captain, Fifteenth Infantry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,Hilton Head, S. C., November 17, 1861.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the position of the forces here necessitates the most active operations during the coming winter, the climate and localities of these islands rendering it impracticable to carry on operations upon them after April next. We have now possession of the valuable harbors of Port Royal and Saint Helena. One more will probably be in our possession in a short time. A fort should be constructed on Hunting Island, to secure that important roadstead of Saint Helena. After well securing these important points, and establishing a firm base from which to operate inland, there will not be left a very large force disposable for internal operations. I would therefore recommend that an additional force of 10,000 men be sent to this point as early as practicable, and among them some regular troops, including some companies of artillery, for garrisoning the forts; the volunteer force not being adapted to the artillery service.

We shall require three or four steamers, drawing not over 9 feet, and capable of conveying 800 or 1,000, for operations in the rivers and creeks, and a couple of ferry-boats, drawing not over 5 or 6 feet of water, would be of the greatest advantage. We would require also about 100 row-boats, capable of carrying from 40 to 50 men each, with kedges and oars. A few of them should be large enough and so constructed as to transport pieces of artillery with their carriages, including siege guns. I also take the liberty of recommending that the light-ship formerly stationed at the entrance of Port Royal channel be replaced, and that the light-house on Hunting Islands, Saint Helena Sound, be relighted. It is my duty also to recommend that some more engineer officers be sent here. The duties of that corps are too important and too extended to be left to the few we have here. It is also important to have at least three more ordnance sergeants here for the several artillery stations, the two heretofore furnished having been absorbed at Forts Welles and Seward.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Expeditionary Corps.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS, Numbers 32. Hilton Head, S. C., November 17, 1861.

The following troops will be put in readiness to embark, as follows:

Forty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers on the steamer Empire City.

