
there ar buildings sufficient for the accommodation of your command. You will observe closely the ferry, the adjacent main, and the shores of Port Royal Island on either hand. You will send small parties, each under the charge of an officer, to the neighboring plantations, to ascertain the amount of transportation, forage, and provisions they will supply to this command, and will take the necessary measures to save them for its use. It is said the navigation of the river separating the island from the main has been obstructed, both above and below the ferry, by piles driven across. Ascertain the facts and stop further proceedings of the kind. You will take every precaution to guard against surprise; will endeavor to send in daily reports, noting carefully everything you learn in regard to the several points to which your attention has been called.

Truly and respectfully, your most obedient,

ISAAC I. STEVENS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF PORT ROYAL,Beaufort, S. C., December 9, 1861.

Brigadier General THOMAS W. SHERMAN:

GENERAL: I have received information that since my visit to Port Royal Ferry yesterday the Confederates have commenced the erection of a battery on the main near by, and at a distance of about 1,000 yards from the firm land on the island. I shall at daylight to-morrow morning have the two guns of Hamilton's battery in position, and I shall open fire upon the Confederates. In the event they persist in the construction of the battery I will most urgently ask that a gunboat be sent to the same general vicinity, to co-operate with the land force. It is the manifest purpose of the Confederates to close the passage. Shall a movement be made with the re-enforcement, or perhaps with troops which they can replace, to seize the railroad crossing on Broad River and silence it by works? This would involve crossing the Port Royal Ferry and occupying the main. I will, at all events, stop further proceedings in the defense of the passage between Port Royal and the main, and await your further instructions.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

ISAAC I. STEVENS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,Port Royal, S. C., December 10, 1861.

General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that Otter Island has been occupied by six companies, with an armament sufficient for the protection of Saint Helena Sound and our right flank from any incursions of the enemy by the way of the Ashepoo River and South Edisto from the direction of Charleston.

I have also to report that Tybee Island is now inthe occupancy of one regiment, and that an armament is being prepared sufficient to cover the channel leading into Savannah River. This armament, how

