
entire regiment. Nothing further or more definite than that contained in my previous dispatch has been ascertained relating to the guns supposed to be mounted opposition to and commanding the causeway.

The outer pickets (on our right) report that this morning at 8 o'clock a white steamer landed on the enemy's shore about 3 1\1 or 4 miles below the ferry (our right), and remained there about one hour; what it unloaded, if anything, or what it took on board, they cannot say.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

B. C. CHRIST,

Colonel, Fiftieth Rect. Pa. Vols., Commanding Port Royal Ferry.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS PORT ROYAL FERRY,

December 15, 1861-9 o'clock.

General ISAAC I. STEVENS,

Commanding Port Royal District:

SIR: Your dispatch just received. Have no knowledge of pile driving to the left (or right) of the ferry. The party who gave you the information must have mistaken the chopping of wood for the driving of piles. I am certain that it is not so. The cannot (i. e., the enemy) do anything, from Seabrook down to 2 1\2 miles down to 2 1\2 miles on the right of the ferry, but our pickets must see them, either day night. No pickets asleep on post last night have been reported to me. I will inquire into the matter, and if any pickets have been guilty of neglect of duty will be promptly arrested and their names reported to headquarters as soon as practicable.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

B. C. CHRIST,

Colonel Fiftieth Rect. Pa. Vols., Commanding Port Royal Ferry.

PORT ROYAL, S. C., December 19, 1861.

General McCLELLAN,

Commanding U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR GENERAL: I have received your kind letter of the 5th, * and hasten to say that I think that the trip to Fernandina is lost for the present. I have been in readiness for some time, keeping all the vessels destined thither waiting for the Navy to be ready, but have found that the letter has a new job on its hands, viz,t he convoying and sinking the vessels of the stone fleet; also reasons already given in an official letter, I believe that the public interests will be much advanced by deferring it now-it has been postponed so long. It was unfortunate that the naval fleet had to send for more ammunition after the affair of Port Royal, as Fernandina would have been taken then without much trouble, and no doubt it could be easily taken now; but it has been re-enforced, and fresh artillery sent there. It has a garrison of about 1,300 men and four forts, one of which is on Cumberland Island. Fort Clinch, though never yet finished, has a partial armament. We have understood that Brunswick has quite a large garrison, but cannot find out any particulars.

Commodore DuPont thinks he will be ready for Fernandina in a week or two, but I am inclined to believe that the wants of Tybee and Saint Helena will divide him too much until those place are made perfectly secure. Already the Georgians are making serious threats on Tybee,

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

