
afterwards took charge of a 32-pounder in the left bastion of the fort, as also that of Lieutenant Guerard and Boyle. The sergeants who were chiefs of pieces acted with great coolness and bravery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSIAH BEDON,

Captain Company C, Ninth [Eleventh] Regiment S. C. Vols.

Lieutenant E. W. FRASER,

Adjutant Ninth [Eleventh] Regiment S. C. Volunteers.

Numbers 8. Report of Captain D. S. Canaday, Eleventh South Carolina Infantry, of the bombardment of Fort Walker.
HDQRS. NINTH [ELEVENTH] REGIMENT S. C. VOLS., Camp Lee, November 12, 1861.

SIR: The following is respectfully submitted as a report of the part taken in the defense of Fort Walker on the 7th instant by detachments from Companies F and H, of this regiment, under my command:

There were six guns under my charge-one 32-pounder on the right flank of the fort, two in the right bastion of the fort, one a 32-pounder and the other 24-pounder. The remaining three were in the redan, two 24-pounders and one 32-pounder howitzer. Lieuts. F. B. Appleby and T. E. Raysor, of Company H, were in charge of the guns in bastion and redan, and acted with coolness and bravery. But two of the guns could be used in land defense. One 32-pounder was disabled by solid shot early in the engagement. The other 32-pounder was severed until ammunition gave out.

The officers and men acted with bravery and coolness. One private in Company F (Burnett) was killed; Corporal O. Quin and Private I. Martin and William Hudson slightly wounded. In

Company H were wounded in the arm Corporal E. T. Howell, and slightly in the thigh Private P. Heaton. The remainder of my company and of Company H were acting as infantry outside the fort. Missing from my company (H) Private J. Judah, and from Company F Privates James Bryant and James Colson.

We were ordered to evacuate the fort about 2.30 o'clock p. m., and the detachment retreated in good order, carrying with them their arms, except those which were shot to pieces by the enemy's fire.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. S. CANADAY,

Captain Company H.

Lieutenant E. W. FRASER,

Adjutant Ninth [Eleventh] Regiment S. C. Volunteers.

Numbers 9. Statement of Captain C. D. Owens, Assistant Commissary of Subsistence, C. S. Army.

OFFICE A. C. S., THIRD MIL. DIST., DEPT. C. S., Captain Lee, November 23, 1861.

SIR: On the morning of the 7th November I received, through Major E. Willis, quartermaster, your orders to report to you at Fort Walker, and accordingly left Beaufort at 5 o'clock a. m.; arrived at Fort Walker, Hilton Head, and reported to you at 8 o'clock p. m. On the receipt of

