
Brigadier General J. M. Brannan, U. S. volunteers, is assigned to the command.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 13, 1862.

Major-General DIX, Baltimore:

Send to General Wool, at Fort Monroe, by this evening's boat, the following order:

On the arrival of the steamer Constitution from Boston, send her to Port Royal, with her troops, the re-enforce General Sherman.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,Part Royal, S. C., January 15, 1862.

To the ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to ask the attention of the War Department to a subject upon which I have before hinted, but which is of so much importance, that I cannot refrain from again intruding it upon its notice. Of the large numbers of negroes on the islands in our possession some have come into the camps and obtained work, bringing with them their families. These are, therefore, cared for, and the work of the able-bodied men, numbering probably one out of five or six of a family, will be sufficient, with the rations issued, to support them. Those still remaining on the plantations are now living on the corn and potatoes left there, and when these are all consumed the negroes will be in a suffering condition or thrown upon the commissariat of the Army for support.

For the future maintenance of these people some system must be established, and one which will permit them to sustain themselves; but before they can be left entirely to their own government they must be trained and instructed into a knowledge of personal and moral responsibility-which will be a matter of time. I have, therefore, the honor to recommend that suitable instructors be sent to them, to teach them all the necessary rudiments of civilization, and secondly, and in the mean time, that agents, properly qualified, be employed and sent here to take charge of the plantations and superintend the work of the blacks until they are sufficiently enlighten to think and provide for themselves. They should received wages, and the profits of the plantations, after all expenses are pair, should go to the Government. I can see no other way to lay a groundwork for future usefulness with this unfortunate glass of people.

I would also suggest that a quantity of negro clothing be sent out here as soon as practicable, and this should include stuff for women's and children's wear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

