
WAR DEPARTMENT, February 18, 1862.

Colonel DANIEL D. TOMPKINS,

Assistant Quartermaster-General, New York City:

COLONEL: You are here directed to furnish transportation by sea from New York City to Port Royal, S. C., to all persons who present to you written permits, issued under the authority of the Secretary of the Treasury, and setting forth that such persons are proceeding to Port Royal, under the sanction of the Government, upon business relating to the collection, safe-keeping, and disposition of cotton, rice, and other property abandoned by persons inhabiting any district within the late territorial limits of States declared by proclamation to be in insurrection, and to the condition and employed of persons of color, there or in the vicinity, lately held to service or labor by enemies of the United States, and now within the occupying lines and under the military protection of the Army. Said permits will specify whether the transportation shall be cabin or steerage, and will cover all baggage agricultural instruments, and other articles mentioners therein.

You will also make suitable provisions for supplying said passengers with food during the voyage. Permits signed by the collector of the customs at New York City will be regarded by you as emanating from the Treasury Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, February 18, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS W. SHERMAN,

Commanding at Port Royal, S. C.:

GENERAL; You are hereby directed to afford protection, subsistence and facilities, so far as may be consistent with the interests of the service and the duties and the objects of you command, to all persons who may present to you written permits, issued to them under the authority of the Secretary of the Treasury, setting forth that said persons have proceeded to Port Royal under the sanction of the Government, for the collection, safe-keeping disposition of carron, rice, and other property abandoned by the late possessors within your military department, and form the regulation and employment of persons of color lately held to service or labor by enemies of the United States, and now within the occupying lines and under the military protection of the Army.

Such permits, signed by the collector of the customs at New York City, will be considered by your as emanating from the Treasury Department.

Under the head of subsistence will be included rations to such persons as may be employed under the direction of the Treasury Department in the temporary charge of abandoned plantations, or, with its sanction, in labors for the instruction and improvement of the laboring population.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ENGINEER OFFICE, February 21, 1862.

[Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN]:

DEAR GENERAL: The inclosed pages were drawn up by Colonel Woodbury at my request. I do not suppose you will have time to read

