
would take possession of the town that night. After considerable anxious though I concluded it would be best to have what stores we had in Beaufort on board of the steamer General Clinch, but in making inquiry as to whether she would take them, I found that the steamer was almost filled with the various and voluminous properties of the citizens, who were eagerly taking advantage of any and every method to get their things away; and, again, the supply of wood was very short; so much so, that the captain of the boat h ad to knock down the whole line of fence extending from the wharf to the street, that he might take and use it for fire-wood. He did not wish to overload the boat, as it would make it more difficult for him to reach Charleston, almost overloaded as he then was, and thus, there being no other mode of moving them, they had to remain as they were.

At about 8 p. m. I packed up all of our papers and had them taken on board of the steamer General Clinch, but soon took them off and had them carried to the quartermaster's quarters, determining to remain until the last moment. We had already heard that our troops were retreating, and had been advised by many (who appeared to be conversant with the geography of the country) that we had better send any of our valuable articles over on the main-land. We still held on until advised by both Captain Pope and Captain Elliott to go. We packed two carts with both the quartermaster's and commissary's papers, and I, in company with Mr. Caldwell, of the quartermaster's department, started in charge of the papers of Pocotaligo. While crossing the town three rockets were fired and the alarm bell was rung to announce the alarm was so great that the few remaining in the town immediately left, leaving the place quite deserted. On the road out we were passed by several, who informed us that the enemy were making their way up Broad River to cut off communication by Port Royal Ferry to the main-land; but this, like other reports, proved false. We arrived at Pocotaligo about 9.30 or 10 o'clock on Friday morning, and remained until Saturday morning, when Mr. Tuomey, of the quartermaster's department, and myself started with a mule and cart for Beaufort, with the determination to get away any of the public property that we could, and if we were unable to do so to fire it.

Arriving at the ferry, our mule being unfit to take us to Beaufort, we endeavored to procure horses, but were unable to do so, and thus returned to Pocotaligo, where I remained until Sunday afternoon, when, General Ripley offering his special train for our accommodation, with mules, carts, and papers we arrived at Hardeeville, and on Monday, the 11th, reported, in person, with papers, to you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. T. BAYA.

Captain C. D. OWENS,

P. A. and A. C. S., Hardeeville, S. C.

Numbers 11. Reports of Colonel R. G. Dunovant, Twelfth South Carolina Infantry, of the bombardment of Fort Beauregard.

HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH REGIMENT S. C. VOLS., Camp Lee, Pocotaligo, November 16, 1861.

SIR: On the 26th of October last I assumed command of the forces stationed on Bay Point Island, consisting of three companies of the

