
running of the blockade. Saint Simon's, Fernandina, the mouth of the Saint John's, and possibly Saint Augustine, would, I think, be sufficient, Other places of some little importance could be blockade by the Navy.

The occupation of the towns on the main, such as Jacksonville, Saint Mary's Darien, Brunswick, would be injudicious with our present force, unless we are sure of being supported by a strong party of Unionists, and it is important to first ascertain whether such a party exist to much extent. The desertion of Fernandina and Saint Mary's does not look very favorable.

I shall endeavor to rally the Union men to the support of their flag.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, EXPED'S CORPS,Fernandina, Fla., March 9, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS J. WHIPPLE,

Commanding Fourth New Hampshire Regiment:

COLONEL: Flag-Officer Du-Pont proceeds to-day to the Saint John's River, and after the contemplated operations in that vicinity shall have been finished, will probably continue down the coast with the naval force to Saint Augustine, in which case you will still remain with the Navy and co-operate with it.

Should Saint Augustine be taken possession of, and it should be considered by the flag-officer important to occupy it, you are authorized to leave, say, two companies in Fort Marion as a garrison, with at least ten days' provisions, a trusty captain being placed in command. The remainder of your force will then return to its place in the Boston.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, a. g. o.,Washington, March 10, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS W. SHERMAN, U. S. A.,

Commanding, &amp;c., Port Royal, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am instructed to inform you that, in consequence of information just received that the enemy is abandoning his position at Centreville and towards Manassas, a forward movement of the Army of the Potomac has been order this day, to seize any advantage that may offer.

I am, sir, &c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, EXPED'Y CORPS,Fernandina, Fla., March 10, 1862.

Captain LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The inhabitants left behind in the evacuation of this place by the rebels are mainly of the proper classes of whites and free blacks, with a few slaves, many of whom represent themselves as destitute of

