
protected to the extent referred to, and shall continue the same policy in regard to them unless I received instructions to the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Approved, by order of Brigadier-General Sherman:

L. H. PELOUZE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 15, 1862.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,Hilton Head, S. C., March 13, 1862.

General EGBERT L. VIELE,

Commanding Forces, Daufuskie Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that he is forced to the conclusion, on this late inspection of the works in Savannah River, that not all the measures are taken to avoid disagreeable things that should be. Of the two light-draught steamers, the Petitt lays at Venus Point, and, if he understood you, does not move from there, and the Mayflower does very little at best.

It appears to him that these two boats hold move rapidly about from place to place; for instance, the Petitt should be active enough to cover your any assaults by way of New River, and at the same time be prepared to assist in the Savannah River in case of high tides or others emergencies. By taking advantage of the tides, a great deal might be done by these two steamers. They should be so handled as to be seem by the enemy at unexpected points and at unexpected times.

He does not think that, considering the amount of force at your disposal and the time occupied, the Venus Point battery is in that advanced state that it should be. As to the 10-inch columbiad, it should have been up ten days ago. It was sent from here a month ago.

The Bird Island battery seems to be everything that is desired, and great credit is due to Major Beard and his officers and men for their energy and industry.

I am also directed to communicate that the New Hampshire Battalion, under Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, was sent to you with three days' provisions, for a particular purpose. That purpose should have been accomplished, if accomplished at all, in three days, and that he is dissatisfied with the delay that has attended all its movements.

I am further directed to remind you of the necessity of the chief of artillery and your engineer officer joining him the moment they can be spared.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[L. H. PELOUZE,]

Captain, Fifteenth Infantry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General.

WILLARD'S HOTEL,

Washington, D. C., March 14, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of this morning, ordering me to report without delay upon the military operations

