
rendered to the Navy. Whether any of General Wright's force are yet there I have not heard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,U. S. Steamer Cahawha, fernandina, Fla., March 21, 1862.

Brigadier General HORATIO G. WRIGHT,

Commanding Third Brigade, Expedy Corps, Fernandina, Fla.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the commanding general to communicate to you that are authorized to concentrate any of troops os the three posts, Saint Augustine, Fernandina, and Jacksonville, on any emergency that may arise that will not admit of time to communicate with these headquarters. Any such change will be at once reported.

I am further directed to instruct that all public property which may fall into your hands from the enemy at the posts referred to be inventoried and reported according to the regulations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[L. H. PELOUZE,]

Captain, Fifteenth Infantry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General.

TREASURY DEPARTMENT, March 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Mr. Pieces, special agent of this Department at Port Royal, reports that the plantations have been deprived so generally of horses and mules that their cultivation is greatly hindered and in some cases almost entirely prevented. As these animals have been taken for the use of the Army, if seems but just that they should be restored through the agency of the War Department. If you concur with me, will you be good enough to give an order for sending 90 mules and 10 horses to Port Royal immediately, to be placed at the disposal of the special agent?

I suggest the expediency of an order directing the commanders to respect private property on plantations, so as to prevent the recurrence of such evils as those referred to.

Yours, truly,

S. P. CHASE,

Secretary of the Treasury.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., March 25, 1862.

Honorable SALMON P. CHASE,

Secretary of the Treasury:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 22nd instant, requesting him to give an order for sending horses and mules to Port Royal to replace those which have been taken from the plantations in the neighborhood for the use of the Army.

He does not think that he has any authority to furnish horses and

