
features of that plan I had not departed from, and have been very desirous of carrying out, particularly after the opportunity we discovered for taking Savannah by a coup de main failed for want of co-operation of the Navy, the particulars of which the Department has already been apprised of.

I humbly bow to the decisions of my superiors in Washington, but still, general, from the point here to view the subject, I cannot but regret that my plan could not have been carried out. I had every confidence in it, and believe it would have been executed with not so much sacrifice as the general seemed to imagine.

However, the preparations for the bombardment of Pulaski are being made as far as the material arrives. The mortar and columbiad batteries are all constructed, mortars mounted, and all the shot and shell yet arrived in position. We are still waiting for the columbiad carriages and a considerable portion of the shot and shell. The work is of such a character, you are well aware, that we must be in a state of perfect preparation before opening fire.

It is hoped that we shall be permitted to get through this job early enough in the season to afford a pretty large force in the direction of Charleston, a nucleus from which in the shape of two regiments, I have already forwarded on the North Edisto River.

The batteries on the mud flats of the Savannah River work like a charm, and what is remarkable, our men there are in perfect health.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ON BOARD THE ADELAIDE,

En route to Fortress Monroe, Baltimore, March 27, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.,:

SIR: I have to state that my continued reflection convinces me that for efficient action it is indispensable that more troops should be sent immediately to South Carolina. I know as well now as I can possibly know when I shall have reached there that from 20,000 to 25,000 additional troops should be sent.

If you could send me General Sedgwick's division, which I suppose to be now with our rear corps d'armee, I should be very glad; and, even with these alone, would almost guarantee to have our flag waving over Fort Sumter by the anniversary of its capture.

I have the honor most respectfully and earnestly to solicit your early attention to this request, and that you will be kind enough to advise me of our decision by telegraph, addressed to Fort Monroe.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

DAVID HUNTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,Port Royal, S. C., March 27, 1862.

To. Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Washington, D. C.,:

SIR: I have just received the President's War Order, Numbers 3, which directs reports to be made direct to the Secretary of War.

