
TURTLE ISLAND, GA., April 3, 1862.

Captain J. H. LIEBENAU,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, U. S. Forces, of the South:

CAPTAIN: In reply to your letter of this date, requesting a report of my reconnaissance of Turtle Island, with a view to its occupation by a battery to aid in the reduction of Fort Pulaski, I have the honor to report as follows:

I have twice visited and carefully examined that side of the island lying next to the fort, and am convinced that it is possible to erect batteries thereon, advantage of high tides for landing guns and material. But the labor would be exceedingly heavy, and the difficulties to be overcome in transporting the guns from the landing place over the marsh, a distance of about 500 yards, would be greater than any yet encountered in erecting batteries on the Savannah.

Considering the fact that the nearest point of fast land in Turtle Island is 2 1/8 miles from Fort Pulaski, the battery, although mounting the heaviest guns, would necessarily be inefficient. The inclosed sketch, taken from the Coast Survey charts, shows the topography of the island.

The only point at which guns can be landed and removed to ground hard enough to support them is near the mouth of Wright River, marked A. From there to the head of the woods, the nearest point to the fort and the only one where cover can be obtained, is about 500 yards. The ground is comparatively hard, and by the use of corduroy road would allow the passage of the heaviest guns.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant

J. H. WILSON

First Lieutenant, Topographical Engineers.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C, April 3, 1862

Flag-Officer S. F. DUPONT,

Commanding U. S. South Atlantic Squadron:

SIR: By reports received this morning from Tybee Island we learn that some 17 of our men and a field piece, in a plantation canoe, have just been captured by the enemy at or near Wilmington Island, as we fear, through some mismanagement of the lieutenant in command.

Acting Brigadier-General Gillmore at once applied to the commanding officer of the gunboat near to aid him in protecting the Augustine Creek Channel which he has kindly consented to do, by sending a boat there for the present, awaiting however, your further orders or sanction in the matter,

As it will now be of the utmost importance to cut off the communication of Fort Pulaski with the city, it being rumored and learned that $12,000 has been offered there for bringing off the garrison, and, as I immediately after my visit to Tybee directed every precaution possible to be taken on our part, I will trust that you may be able to aid us in this matter, and would respectfully request that you would sanction the movement of your commanding officer there, and aid us in this effort by such further means as are in your power from this place; for, with the information which we fear the enemy may obtain from our men (if prisoners, as we expect), we may find it expedient to open our batteries somewhat prematurely or before we had intended.

I would mention that the Boston is now coaling, and as shoos as she

