
I most earnestly request that 50,000 muskets, with all the necessary accouterments, and 200 rounds for each piece, may be sent to me at once, with authority to arm such loyal men as I can find in the country, whenever in my opinion they can be used advantageously against the enemy.

It is important that I should be able to know and distinguished these men at once, and for this purpose I respectfully request that 50,000 pairs of scarlet pantaloons may be sent me; and this is all the clothing I shall require for these people.

I believe the rebel regiments as the retreat from the Army of the Potomac come directly to their respective States, and that in this way the force opposed to us here is becoming considerably augmented.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 3. Port Royal, S. C., April 3, 1862

The following-named officers are hereby announced as additional members of the staff of the major-general commanding Department of the South, and will report accordingly:

Surg. George E. Cooper (Medical Department, U. S. Army), medical director; Captain Louis H. Pelouze (Fifteenth Infantry, U. S. Army), acting inspector-general; First Lieutenant Francis J. Shunk (Ordnance Department, U. S. Army), chief of ordnance; First Lieutenant James H. Wilson, (Topographical Engineers, U. S. Army), chief topographical engineer; First Lieutenant E. J. Keeman (Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers), chief signal officer.

By command of Major General D. Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 4, 1862

Brigadier General EGBERT L. VIELE,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Daufuskie Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: Your letters reporting your reconnaissance were received late in the night, and the conclusion I come to is that the point you have marked B on Long Island should be selected for a battery; the ridge has width enough by your description for all the guns. I propose four in all that we have available, for which 30 yards will suffice, as little traverse is required; and, if more were needed and were available, I can see no objection to placing a second battery in rear of the first, the latter to be vacated by the men at the actual time of firing the rear battery. I would hope it might be possible to prepare in battery of four guns in less time than eight or ten days. I think it will be best to make your arrangements for the construction of such a battery-not for direct fire, of course, at that distance-and, besides, we cannot conveniently arrange pintle centers, &amp;c. This you will recollect is for two 10-inch and two 8-inch columbiads, and, if I can procure a proper scow, I will also arrange for a battery for rifled pieces for direct fire.

