
are in large force on Jehossee Island; their pickets are stationed and can be seen at Watt's Cut.

I do not think it advisable to make any advance on Jehossee Island at present with the force I have, as it could only be held with the assistance of a gunboat.

A field officer of the day was seen visiting the rebel pickets on the 7th instant, which indicates that there is more than one regiment in the vicinity. I am making every effort to ascertain the strength of the enemy's forces in that vicinity, and will report when I get the desired information.

I shall make a reconnaissance on the Pocahontas soon towards White Point and on the Dawho River. I would request, if it can be conveniently spared, a gunboat drawing not over 7 feet of water. The sloop-of-war Dale has not yet arrived at this port. The Pocahontas draws too much water to run in the South Edisto River. The contrabands will be forwarded immediately by the Mayflower.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. Q. FELLOWS,

Colonel Third New Hampshire Infantry.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GEN.'S OFFICE, Numbers 130. Richmond, August 21, 1861

* * * * *

XII. The undermentioned brigadier-generals of the Provisional Army of the Confederate States are assigned to duty as follows, viz:

* * * * *

2nd. Brigadier General Roswell S. Ripley will assume command of the Department of South Carolina and the coast defenses of that State.

* * * * *

5th. Brigadier General John B. Grayson will proceed to Florida, and assume command of the Department of Middle and Eastern Florida, and the coast defenses of the same.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, August 31, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General:

Two transports with troops off bar yesterday; to-day off Bull Island. Probably enemy from Hatteras, after destroying batteries. Have re-enforced Stono heavily. Have ordered Orr's regiment to Summerville to reserve. Have called on governor for another, besides holding Charleston volunteers in readiness to move until our batteries are in order. Must have force to prevent enemy's landing, if possible. Hope, if uninterrupted, to dispense with extra force in fifteen days. If from one to four officers, having knowledge of ordnance or artillery duty, can be sent here, will assist greatly.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

