
cavalry besides, for and during the war, and if you can give me any assurance as to pistols and holsters, I think that I can do it. Let the President appoint their field officers, and let them elect their company officers, and when the number is full order them to the camp for Confederate service. If it is not your policy to raise two more regiments, then perhaps you might allow one.

The present four companies are by excess telegraph from President Davis. I have three regiments and four companies of cavalry at one camp, and if you will permit I will appoint a very scientific officer, Major Stevens, the head of our military academy, to command them, and take charge of the camp for temporary purposes. Perhaps I could get Colonel Thomas F. Drayton, who is a graduate of West Point, and a perfect and high-bred gentleman.

Very respectfully,

F. W. PICKENS,

P. S. - I most respectfully urge you will receive no more troops for any period except for and during the war, and let it be known.

COLUMBIA, September 2, 1861.

Honorable MR. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

Will you allow me eight more companies for the war and formation of another regiment-the President to appoint, as he desire-Colonel Drayton to command? Please let me know.

F. W. PICKENS.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT,Savannah, September 3, 1861

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I beg to call your attention to the pressing necessity for additional troops on this coast at the earliest possible moment. I have received and mustered into service enough to replace the two regiments suddenly ordered to Virginia (Semmes' and Williams' regiments), and these are but enough to man the batteries on the coast leaving us no protection on the main-land in case of trouble. Nearly all the companies I have at this moment are entirely raw and undiscipline.

The large calls upon the State of Georgia have taken away nearly every trained company and all the arms, except such as may be found in private hands. I am now endeavoring to organize all such as can furnish their own arms and muster them into service. In this way only can I secure a force that will give any protection to this coast. May I ask the favor of you to say at once, by telegraph, that I may continue to organize new regiments and battalions on and near this coast? I wish to quiet the apprehensions of the people, by assuring them that I have full authority to organize and muster in until we have a sufficient force.

If the Department is willing to make appointments of colonels of these regiments, I recommend that Duncan L. Clinch (son of the late General Clinch) be forthwith appointed colonel with authority to raise a regi-

