
The authority for which you ask, "to muster into service for the war, for special duty on the coast, a force not exceeding 1,500 men, "is granted, but at the same time I take occasion to say that, as Governor Pickens is already organizing a force for home defense, it will be proper for you, so far as practicable to act in concert with him to avoid both unpleasant complications and unnecessary expenses.

2nd. The authority asked for "to establish a recruiting service for the enlisted troops now on duty," &amp;c., as proposed, is also granted.

3rd. With regard to the proposal "to provide means of transport, armed, if necessary," &c., this Department must be, to a great extent, guided by your own view of the actual necessity of your position. The Department is, therefore, unwilling to refuse any means of defense which you recommend as necessary and such armed transports as you propose will be allowed within the limits of as reasonable expenditure as may be rendered necessary. All requisitions made in consequence of this expenditure within the limit of necessary defense will be granted promptly, and the difficulties which your suggest as likely to arise in the execution of these plans, and in view of which you ask a departure from the usual rule, may, it is hoped, be without necessity of such departure, easily and satisfactorily obviated, without the necessity of such arrangements as you propose.

The requisitions inclosed by you have been sent to the proper bureaus, and will doubtless receive prompt attention.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

SAVANNAH, September 8, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

There is much alarm here about the coast. Stronger force and vigorous action absolutely necessary. Will you increase the force and quicken the energy, or will you furnish funds to support troops and approbate prompt State action for that purpose? I wish to avoid all conflict of authority, but prompt action is indispensable. Please answer immediately.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

RICHMOND, September 9, 1861

Governor BROWN,

Savannah, Ga.:

In a letter to General Lawton I have ordered him to increase his force as he may deem necessary. All legitimate expenditures for this purpose within the line of his approval will be paid by the Government.

L. P. WALKER,

RICHMOND, September 9, 1861

General A. R. LAWTON,

Savannah, Ga.:

You are authorized to organize such military force as is in your opinion necessary for the defense of the coast of Georgia.

JOHN TYLER, JR.,

Acting Chief of Bureau of War.

