
23,000 pounds of cannon powder for 29 cannon.

12,000 musket cartridges; few or none on hand.

300 shells for three 12-pounder howitzers at Saint Augustine. The fixtures for the 32-pounders are promised from Charleston.

12 12-pounders, with chassis and fixtures complete; the 32-pounders to be the army pattern.

JOHN B. GRAYSON,

Brigadier-General, C. A., Commanding Middle and East Florida.

TALLAHASSEE, FLA., September 14, 1861

Notice.

All loyal citizens of the United States are hereby notified that the Federal troops will take possession of the island of Amelia in aa few days, and if they desire to escape the vengeance of an outraged Government they must assemble on the south end of the island. All those found at that point, except the military, will be regarded as good citizens of the United States.

Assemble on the right.

FORT PULASKI, September 15, 1861.

Captain R. M. CUYLER,

Chief of Ordnance, Military District of Savannah:

CAPTAIN: I am in receipt of yours of the 14th. In compliance with your request I inclose herewith a statement of the companies stationed at this post, with number of men, number and description of arms, and amount of ammunition as given me by the captains of companies.* Seven thousand of the 8,000 cartridges sent here, subject to the order of Colonel Mercer, have been sent to Tybee. Our of the 1,000 left the guard are being supplied.

The 4,000 cartridges in the ordnance store-room, to which you refer, were made by the Irish Jasper Greens, and are ball, without buck-shot. They will answer, perhaps for the Washington Volunteers, but Captain McMahon prefers the cartridges with buck-shot. There are no caps with them.

We have not made any fuses yet, having no fuse die that we can use. As soon as we can obtain fuse dies we will commence making fuses. We can easily work three or four dies if we have them. We have ours made at the Central Railroad workshops, which is imperfect. I send it up by this boat. If you will send it to Mr. Burns, at the Central Railroad, I have no doubt but that he will have the mistake corrected. If you will examine it you will see around that some of the forms for the fuses are very irregular; the taper does not extend to the small end, and if it did it would make the fuse too large at that end.

We want about a dozen small copper funnels (perhaps tin would answer) for filling shells; there are but two here. We also want a few fuse reamers.

Will you permit me to suggest the propriety of holding a survey upon the carriages of the barbette guns? I very much fear that they are not calculated to withstand the shock of repeated firing. Would it not be well to attend to this at once, and, if it is decided that the pine is not

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

