
when put in motion. The advantages are obvious of having one regiment assigned each week from the militia of Charleston and other cities for this special duty. The balance are at rest, and the one on duty when called out is not flurried in its arrangements. Should the enemy have forced an entrance into one of our inlets, the central battery at Charleston, as well as the one at starting by the railroad, marked upon the sketch, would meet him upon any of the bluffs on the main-land, under which he must necessarily pass in his progress through narrow and tortuous creeks. From these bluffs and within pistol shot the almost vertical fire of rifled guns would be destructive even to iron-clad boats, and if the enemy should effect a landing before the arrival of the battery it is easy to perceive of what advantage it would be in enabling a flying column at the head of a bridge or in a debouch to arrest his progress, or even discomfiting him, before the arrival (necessarily more tardy) of an arm. For carrying out such a plan sea-rangers in boats and small steamers on the lookout, telegraphs, a good system of signals facilities of transportation in lighters and steamers prearranged railroad facilities, and the co-operation of our Navy are a matter of course.

We have in South Carolina very nearly the number of 24-pounders on siege carriages required for the establishment of this system. I understand that there are twelve guns of this description lying idle at the Pensacola navy-yard, which I would recommend our authorities to obtain. By working day and night all these guns can be rifled in two or three weeks. Should there be serious difficulty in procuring horses for these guns, the loan of all the mules required could be obtained, I should think from our planters, for the matter of their own defense. They could be furnished already harnessed by the planters, the Confederate Government reimbursing them their value should they be lost or injured in the service. Cavalry of the very best description exists throughout the seaboard, and is anxious for employment. There is no reason, then, why in as little time as it will take the Lincoln Government to fit out a squadron, we should not contrive to have an omnipresent fort along the whole extent of our seaboard.

All of which I have the honor to submit, with assurances of my respect and regard.

AMBROSIO JOSE GONZALES.

RICHMOND, September 25, 1861

Brigadier-General LAWTON,

Savannah, Ga.:

Intelligence that I believe reliable indicates that the enemy's expedition is intended for Brunswick. Inform Governor Brown. Can I do anything to hell you? Have ordered the Bartow Artillery company to Savannah.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

SAVANNAH, September 25, 1861

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN

Secretary of War:

I can do nothing, for want of arms, unless I hold those now landing from steamer Bermuda. I sent to-day a special agent to Richmond on

