
The following is a list of the wounded of the Beaufort Artillery: Captain S. Elliott, in the leg, by a fragment of rifled gun; Sergt. B. W. Solman, in the hand, by the same; Privates Fripp, Hamilton, Wilcox, Parryclear, and Joyce, by same; Sergeant Stuart, by recoil of columbiad; Private M. W. Fripp, by the same; Privates William Elliott and F. M. Murdaugh, by explosion of caisson-all slightly. Of Captain Harrison's company, Privates T. and I. E. Crews lost each an arm by the premature discharge of a gun.

I am, sir, with respect, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN ELLIOTT, JR.,

Captain of Beaufort Artillery.

First Lieutenant WILLIAM H. TALLEY,

Adjutant of Twelfth Regiment.

Numbers 13. Statement of Messrs. John Tuomey and Henry C. Robertson, of occurrences at Beaufort, S. C., November 7 and 8, 1861.

QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE PROVISIONAL FORCES, THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT, DEPT. S. C., Camp Lee, November 24, 1861.

About 4 o'clock on the morning of the 7th instant Captain Joseph A. Huger arrived at our quarters in Beaufort, S. C., with instructions from Brigadier-General Drayton to Major E. Willis, quartermaster Third Military District, Department of South Carolina. Major Willis, with Captain Huger, left Beaufort about 5 o'clock a. m. in steamer Emma for Fort Walker, Hilton Head. Twelve o'clock noon same day written orders were received from Brigadier-General Dratton to Major Willis, authorizing the purchase of 2,000 feet of lumber to repair Skull Creek Brigade; also a gang of carpenters, and to send to Fort Walker, Hilton Head, immediately, six barrels of powder, then in the arsenal in Beaufort.

Major Willis having been ordered to report at Hilton Head, the orders were opened, the lumber purchased from Mr. Cockroft, carpenters engaged, and powder shipped all ready to start, when the Confederate steamers Huntress, Captain Morris, and Lady Davis, Captain Rutledge, left, after setting fire to the two light-ships about three miles below Beaufort. The enemy were then reported to be in possession of Broad River and Port Royal Harbor, all communication cut off, and our troops were retreating to the main-land, having abandoned the batteries at Hilton Head and Bay Point. The powder was immediately take out of the steamer and taken charge of the Mr. Robert Chislom and Mr. McKee, of Beaufort, who kindly had it taken to a place of safety from the enemy. It is now at Mr. Heyward's plantation, near Pocotaligo. The carpenters were dismissed and sent to Charlson; the raft of lumber left in Beaufort. Then, with the assistance and advice of Captain Thomas M. Hanckel, of Brigadier-General Ripley's staff, and Captain Carlos Tracy and Captain Thomas R. S. Elliott, of Brigadier-General Drayton's staff, the two steamers, Beauregard and Mary Frances, ordered by Captain Willey, of Savannah Ga., were dispatched forthwith to White Hall Ferry (Ladies Island) with flats to bring over the troops then retreating form Bay Point, consisting of a portion of Colonel R. G. M. Dunovant's command (Twelfth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers) and Beaufort Artillery, Captain S. Elliott.

