
OCTOBER 21, 1861

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

MY DEAR SIR: The following are the only points that occur to me to suggest:

1. That the special attention of General Trapier be directed to such points in his department as the governor may consider to be of chief military importance.

2. That he should be instructed to arrange with the governor for obtaining the ten companies in the speediest manner possible, and in order to avoid delay in bringing the post at Fernandina under better command, he should be authorized to appoint a colonel to take command of the companies as they are mustered unless the Department is prepared to designate one at once for the command.

3. That he should be authorized to make such alterations in the number and organization of the forces employed in Florida as may in his judgment be advisable; for which purpose he might be authorized to muster or discharge troop according to exigency, keeping the Department advised of his acts.

4. It would also be well to authorize him, if he deems it advisable, to arrange with the Cuban Telegraph Company for the surrender of the line between Savannah and Florida to the Confederate States during the war.

5. If it requires special authority to enable him to do so, he might be authorized to employ and attack to each post a capable drill officer.

Respectfully,

D. L. YULEE

COLUMBIA, October 22, 1861.

Honorable Mr. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

I have been informed another large vessel has arrived at Saint Mary's with arms, &amp;c. From your last letter I am in hopes you will send 2,000 rifles for our flanking companies and 300 cavalry pistols for the men just mustered in. It is essential to our service, as I have put out 4,000 of arms in a few days past, which entirely exhausted our supply.

F. W. PICKENS.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, October 22, 1861.

Brigadier General J. H. TRAPIER:

SIR: The President has, as you will perceive from the inclosed papers, accepted your tender of service, has appointed you brigadier-general, and assigned you to the Department of Eastern and Middle Florida. Your instructions are brief and simple. Do everything that your means and energies will permit to place the coast of Florida in a state of defense. You will first proceed to Fernandina, as the point most important and most likely to attract the attention of the enemy; but you are left to your own discretion as to the proper location of your headquarters.

