
pany or companies of any kind in this State. It brings their influence to accomplish the objects they have in view in conflict with State authority, and has prevented, and will continue to prevent, if not checked, the executive of the State from being able to comply with the requisitions of the President through the War Department.

Your attention, and through you that of the President, is respectfully invited to the following extract of a letter addressed to me officially by Colonel J. P. Anderson, commanding near Pensacola the First Florida Regiment, viz:

You will have heard of the affair on Santa Rosa Island, on the morning of the 9th instant. The object of the expedition was fully and completely accomplished, though the loss of such men as Captain Bradford, of Florida; Lieutenant Nelms, of Georgia: Sergeant Routh, of Tallahassee; Private Tillinghast, &amp;c., would not be compensated for, in my opinion by the total annihilation of Billy Wilson and his whole band of thieves and cut-throats. The Florida Regiment only had 100 men in the expedition out of 1,060, and lost 6 killed, 8 wounded, and 12 prisoners, as follows, viz: Killed, Captain Bradford, Sergeant Routh, Privates Tillinghast, Hale, Thompson of Apalachicola, and Smith. Wounded, Corporal Lanier, Privates Echols, McCorkle, Sims, William Denham, Hicks, Sharrit, and O'Neal; (Peter, of Pensacola). These are doing well and will recover; some are only slightly wounded. Prisoners: R. Hale, Company A, and Bond, Company A; Mahoney, Company B, and Nichols, Company B, Bev. Parker and Finley, Company E; Holliman, Godlie, John Jarvis M. Mosely, and Patterson, of Company F; also Lieutenant Farley, Company E. I deeply regret that such men as Lieutenant Farley, Parker, and Finley should have fallen into the enemy's hands. However, they write to us that they are well treated, but destiny unknown. By any civilized nation in the world most of these prisoners would be promptly delivering up, for they were taken while standing as a safeguard over the enemy's hospital, to prevent it from sharing the fate of the balance of the camp. They protected it from flame and sword most scrupulously, but failing to hear the signal for us to retire, only remained too faithful to their trust, and have fallen into the hands of the enemy by so doing. Their names should illustrate one of the brightest pages of Florida's history.

In a few days I will present to your consideration my views in regard to the defenses of Florida and the organization of a military department embracing parts of Georgia and Alabama adjacent to the Chattahoochee River, the importance and advantage of which will be readily understood.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida.

RICHMOND, October 29, 1861

General LAWTON,

Savannah:

Colonel Mercer was appointed brigadier-general to-day. The enemy's fleet sailed South this morning; destination unknown.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

TALLAHASSEE, October 29, 1861

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

Florida wants arms. She has never received a musket from the Confederate States. The Gordon brings sabers and pistols. Can I get some?

Respectfully,

JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida.

