
Numbers 4.-Colonel William C. Heyward, Eleventh South Carolina Infantry, of the bombardment of Fort Walker.

Numbers 5.-Colonel W. D. De Saussure, Fifteenth South Carolina Infantry, of the bombardment of Fort Walker.

Numbers 6.-Major Francis D. Lee, South Carolina Engineers.

Numbers 7.-Captain Josiah Bedon, Eleventh South Carolina Infantry, of the bombardment of Fort Walker.

Numbers 8.-Captain D. S. Canady, Eleventh South Carolina Infantry, of the bombardment of Fort Walker.

Numbers 9.-Captain C. D. Owens, Assistant Commissary of Subsistence C. S. Army.

Numbers 10.-Mr. H. T. Baya, clerk in Confederate Subsistence Department.

Numbers 11.-Colonel R. G. M. Dunovant, Twelfth South Carolina Infantry, of the bombardment of Fort Beauregard.

Numbers 12.-Captain Stephen Elliott, jr., Deaufort Artillery, of the bombardment of Fort Beauregard.

Numbers 13.-Statement of Messrs. John Tuomey and Henry C. Robertson of occurrences at Beaufort, S. C., November 7 and 8, 1861.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Thomas W. Sherman, U. S. A., with proclamation

HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS, Port Royal, S. C., November 8, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the force under my command embarked at Annapolis, Md., on the 21st October, and arrived at Hampton Roads, Va., on the 22d. In consequence of the delay in the arrival of some of our transports and the unfavorable state of the weather the fleet was unable to set out for the Southern coast until the 29th, when, under convoy of a naval squadron, in command of Commodore DuPont, and after the most mature consideration of the object of the expedition by that flag-officer and myself, it was agreed to first reduce any works that might be found at Port Royal, S. C., and thus open the finest harbor on the coast that exists south of Hatteras. It was calculated to reach Port Royal in five days at most, but in consequence of adverse winds and a perilous storm on the day and night of the 1st November the fleet arrived at Port Royal bar not till the 4th, and then but in part, for it had been almost entirely dispersed by the gale, and the vessels have been straggling in up to this date. The transport steamers Union, Belvidered, Osceola, and Peerless have not arrived. Two of them are known to be lost, and it is probable that all are. It is gratifying, however, to say that none of the troop transports connected with the land forces were lost, though the Winfield Scott had to sacrifice her whole cargo and the Roanoke a portion of her cargo to save the lives of the regiments on board. The former will be unable to again put to sea. The vessels connected with the naval portion of the fleet have also suffered much and some have been lost.

After a careful reconnaissance of Port Royal Bay it was ascertained that the rebels had three field works of remarkable strength, strongly garrisoned, and covered by a fleet of three gunboats, under Captain Tatnall, late of the U. S. Navy, besides strong land forces, which the rebels were concentrating form Charleston and Savannah. The troops of the rebels were afterwards ascertained to have been commanded by General Drayton. One of the forts, and probably the strongest, was

