
As a matter of economy and public safety I would respectfully suggest that, inasmuch as the regiment has never been completed according to the reams upon which it was understood to have been accepted the field officers be retired from the service, and the companies be retained, faro the present, under the command of their respective captains, subject to the orders of General! or the governor of the State; that the pretended battalion of by refused, and back for the present upon to State. There was but one order relative to it obtained from General Grayson, a copy of which is inclosed, and under circumstances a knowledge of which you can obtain from Dr., the medical director of General Grayson, now on his way to Richmond.

Then, sir, if you will accept of twenty companies for twelve months, and reserve to yourself the appointment of field officers, and such as are known to you, or such as I may recommend, I can have the companies ready, I think, in a fortnight, embracing the eight companies now under Hopkins' command. Freed of him, I will add two fine companies, and the regiment will be complete and equipped. then, by adding six companies to the four now commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Holland, of infantry may be formed, with an artillery attached, equipped with the guns, &amp;c., now used by Holland's battalion, the entire being not more than sufficient for one company, allowing, meanwhile, Holland's four companies to remain on duty where they now are until the regiment is completed.

The State troops at Apalachicola are under command of my aide-de-camp, Colonel Richard F. Floyd - an accomplished gentleman and competent officer - and a copy of his orders in inclosed. By better he is ordered to defend the place, if attacked, to the last extremity.

Now, permit me to say that Georgia and Alabama are as much, if not more, interested in the defense of Apalachicola, so far as commerce is concerned, as Florida; there fore, in view of our extended coast, and the almost insurmountable obstacles to its successful defense, I would recommend, most respectfully and earnestly, that a military department be composed of the counties contiguous on both sides of the Chattahoochee River, so as to embrace Columbus, Ga. Look at the map and the relative positions of the counties in Georgia, Alabama, and Florida. Such a military department, under a brigadier-general of military education, experience, and sobriety, would contribute greatly to Southern defense.

The military department proposed, most respectfully, may be composed of the following-named counties in Georgia, Alabama, and Florida, viz: In Georgia, the counted of Decatur, Thomas, Miller, Early, Baker, Clay, Calhoun, Randolph, Quitman, Stewart, Muscogee; in Alabama, the counties of Henry Dale, Barbour, and Russell; in Florida, the counties of Leon, Gadsden, Wakulla, Jefferson, Madison, Liberty, Washington, Calhoun, Jackson, and Franklin.

The proposed military department has been submitted to the consideration of the governors of Georgia and Alabama. The remaining counties of Middle, East, and South Florida will form a military department sufficient in itself to command the utmost vigilance of an experienced and able officer.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JOHN MILTON.

