
end of Amelia Island, at and near Fort Clinch, eight 32-pounders; tow 24 and one 32-pounder rifle, mounted; one 10-inch rifle and three 8-inch columbiads, nearly mounted. We are hard at work placing these last in position, and we hope by the end of this week to have them in fighting trim. We have about 100 rounds for each gun. So soon as these guns are up I have little fear that the enemy can come in through the main channel; at least I shall not believe it until I have a practical demonstration of the fact. With proper batteries at the south end of the island - say one 8-inch columbiad and four 32 or 24 pounders, and infantry enough, say 2,000 in all - I do not think the enemy could even land, or if they did land, we cold make them embark. We need particularly field artillery, which could be carried with great rapidity form point to point over the island or along the beach; and nature has dong much in making breastworks all along the beach in the shape of sand hills, behind which not only field artillery could be maneuvered to great advantage, but also musketry, though in this respect our muskets are the old United States musket, and not an efficient weapon by any means.

For the port of Saint Augustine I need everything in the way of defense except the guns. However, I shall write you or the proper officer fully on this topic in the event General Trapier should not arrive soon. We heard distinctly the firing at Port Royal at this place on last Thursday for about five hours, and the news of its occupancy has saddened us, but at the same time determined us to stand more firmly at our post, as we regard an attack here as imminent. On Friday a war steamer appeared in the offing, three-masted. On Saturday another, and on Sunday and Monday a sloop of war. To-day none have come in sight. They come near the west end, run south, and usually go as connoitering and making a critical examination of our defenses, &amp;c. they have now cut off all water communication with Charleston, and their next object, I apprehend, will be to break up the inland navigation between this and Savannah, the benefits of which to us are incalculable. I hope our Government will adopt some more speedy means of raising troops for the Confederate States. I could raise all the troops necessary for our defense in one week from this time if they could go immediately into the Confederate States service for twelve months; but when raised by the State the whole military body has been attempted to be painted with the political hues of the poor politicians, nd our citizens are very averse to going through the chrysalis condition of State service, and after being pulled, hauled, and packed, as a gambler would his cards, for two or three months, then turned over to the Confederacy, unarmed, undisciplined, and undrilled, their time wasted and their country unbenefited. There has been in Florida East too much politics mixed with the military in organizing the regiments.

Again expressing my most sincere and deep regret that circumstance have compelled me to act without the proper authority, and which necessity alone could or should justify, and hoping soon to have the sanction of my country to the course I have pursued, i leave the matter in your hands. I fear I have already tried your patience, but your name is so familiar, though not acquainted personally with you, I fell that I am addressing a friend to every man who is true to his country, and I ask you to mete out to me in this matter that same measure you would have meted to you under similar circumstances. God knows I have worked harder here than I ever did in my life, and that my only motive has been to serve my country. I volunteered and was a private in the ranks until this (the Third) regiment was formed, when I was elected a colonel,

