
and to-day would have been a private, had I not been elected to the colonelcy of the regiment.

Trusting that our country may soon be delivered from its present troubles, I subscribe myself, your obedient servant,

W. S. DILWORTH,

Colonel, Commanding Department.

RICHMOND, November 12, 1861.

Gov. JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

There are reasons of public policy which would make it suicidal to comply with your request to withdraw Georgia troops from the enemy's front at this moment. This Government will co-operate with all its power for the defense of your State, but it must do so in the manner it deems most certain to produce the desired effect of repulsing the enemy at all points, and cannot scatter its armies into fragments at the request of each governor who may be alarmed for the safety of his people. Be assured that no effort will be spared to aid you, and be good enough to communicate your confidence in this assurance to your people, thus allying all needless panic.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, November 12, 1861.

General J. H. TRAPIER,

Charleston, S. C.:

General Lee has now command of the whole coast of Carolina and Georgia. I cannot authorize you to proclaim martial law. Let the governor take that responsibility, if found necessary. If the enemy advance to attack the city, of course the city will then become a camp under military law, if the necessities of its defense so require.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

COLUMBIA, November 13, 1861.

President DAVIS:

Steel-clad steamer Fingal, cargo arms, &amp;c., just run the blockade, and safe at Savannah. Now please send me an order for arms, as it is necessary. I am just off for Charleston. Arm us, and we are safe.

F. W. PICKENS.

SAVANNAH, November 13, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch refusing to send back any of Georgia's guns with her troops is forwarded to me here. Your said a few days since in your dispatch that you would send us armed troops if attacked. A kind Providence has enable Major Anderson to land here to-day with over 10,000 Enfield rifles belonging to the Confederacy. I now ask, not for

