
RICHMOND, November 17, 1861.

Gov. FERANCIS W. PICKENS,

Charleston, S. C.:

As soon as I can learn what ammunition is on board the Fingal you shall have your full share of everything. Be assured my solicitude for your defense is as great as your own, and morning shall be refused that we can possibly give.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 2. Coosawhatchie, S. C., November 17, 1861.

I. Brigadier General R. S. Ripley, Provisional Army, will proceed to Charleston, S. C., and believe Brigadier General J. H. Trapier in his command at that place. The latter, on being relieved, will proceed to Fernandina, Fla., and take command, pursuant to existing orders from the War Department. General Ripley will prosecute vigorously the completion of the water and land defenses of Charleston, and General Trapier will make use of all means in his power for the defense of Cumberland Sound.

II. The following disposition of troops will be carried into effect as soon as practicable, viz: Heyward's and De Saussure's regiments, South Carolina volunteers, under the immediate command of General Drayton; Clingman's and Radcliffe's North Carolina volunteers will continue near Grahanville, and Dunovant's and Edwards' South Carolina volunteers at their present positions.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of General Lee:

T. A. WASHINGTON,Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL FORCES,

Coosawhatchie, November 18, 1861.

Captain T. A. WASHINGTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Being about to repair to Charleston, in obedience to the orders of the general commanding, I have the honor to submit the following information concerning the troops in this vicinity:

Bluffton is held by Lieutenant-Colonel Colcock's cavalry, in observation only. It has been reported to me that there are two companies of infantry of Heyward's Ninth [Eleventh] regiment remaining there, but I have nothing definite. This section of country is under charge of General Drayton's command, which it is intended to move forward as soon as possible to occupy positions to cover Bluffton and the roads to Hardeeville. General Drayton's command is composed of Heyward's and De Sausseree's regiments, Ninth [Eleventh] and Fifteenth South Carolina Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Colcock's cavalry. Colonel Clingman's regiment of North Carolina volunteers (Twenty-fifth), occupies a point on the Honeywood road in advance of Grahamville, intended to be a guard for that town and to cover the roads leading from Tenny's or Boyd's Landing. His quartermaster and commissary are directed to

