
establish depots and obtain supplies of subsistence at Grahamville, as far as possible; whether they will be successful remains to be seen, and the regiment will have to be looked after in the general depots.

Captain Trezevant's company of cavalry is in advance of Colonel Clingman, in observation of Boyd's and Tenny's Landings. General Drayton's command in supplied from his own depots at Hardeeville.

At the estate's landing, near Huguenin's plantation, are stationed the 8-inch howitzer battery, under General Gonzales, as volunteer aide-de-camp to myself. The howitzer battery is manned by the Palmetto Guard (State troops), and has attached to the command the Charleston Light Dragoons and Rutledge Mounted Rifles; the last are, however, in observation near Pocotaligo and Port Royal Ferries.

Colonel Radcliffe's Eighth North Carolina Volunteers is on the right of Gonzales' command, in position to support the battery or to defend the roads from Eutaw Church or to move forward to support Clingman. He is supplied partly by purchase and partly from the depot here.

A force of negroes, under the supervision of General Gonzales, is engaged in obstructing the Coosawhatchie below the landing; and, this being done, the steamer John A. Moore and several flats, sent from Charleston, are available for transportation from the railroad to the landing by water. Mr. Gregory is engaged with his negroes in obstructing the Tulifany.

At Coosawhatchie is Colonel Edwards' full regiment and Captain Moore's light artillery, both waiting orders, &amp;c.

Six companies of Dunovant's Twelfth South Carolina Volunteers are at Pocotaligo Corners, the remaining four being at Hardeeville. It is supposed that it was intended to order them to rejoin their regiment, but the order may be delayed until the arrival of the general.

Colonel Jones' Fourteenth South Carolina Volunteers holds Garden's Corner, and is stretched in observation towards Combahee Ferry, in advance towards Port Royal Ferry. This is guarded by Fripp's cavalry. Another force of Colonel Martin's regiment, which has its headquarters at Pocotaligo (it may be well to add that Lieutenant-Colonel Colcock's regiemtn is a portion of Colonel Martin's regiment, with one or two [companies] under Major Farr, a force of Martin's regiment), is also guarding the district of country about Combahee, Ashepoo, and Paw Paw.

Captain Leo. D. Walker, assistant adjutant-general, with Messrs. Walker Blake, Rawlins Lowndes, and Paul, volunteer aides-de-camp, are now engaged in endeavoring to block the rivers at some point below the railroad bridges. They are to be assisted by Mr. Nolan, who has been sent out by the superintendent of the railroad for the purpose.

The general idea of the disposition of the troops has been to cover the railroad bridges in the direction of Savannah and have them not too far from the railroad, that they might move i either direction, in case of an attack on the road or on Savannah or Charleston.

If everything were in order, and the troops well disciplined, there would be no great difficulty in accomplishing the ends of the disposition, but General Drayton's command has not moved from Hardeeville, and our troops are very raw; they require severe discipline and constant watching; it will take some time of this to make them efficient.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

