
RICHMOND, November 19, 1861.

General R. E. LEE,

Charleston:

I desire the cartridges for Enfield rifles divided between you and General Johnston in proper proportion, reserving for me such portion of the cartridges as is proper for the rifles that remain after dividing 9,000 between you and General Johnston. Send to him the 500 sabers that are aboard. Keep the 10,000 pounds of the cannot powder, and send me the remaining 7,000 pounds of the cannot powder, and send me the remaining 7,000 pounds belonging to the War Department. Send me all the rifle powder, as you have plenty at Augusta Arsenal.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

SAVANNAH, November 21, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report, for the information of the Secretary of War, that I have just returned to this city after having inspected the batteries and posts along the coast from Charleston to Fernandina, Fla.

The guns from the less important points have been removed, and are employed in strengthening those considered of greater consequence. The entrance to Cumberland Sound and Brunswick and the ware approaches to Savannah and Charleston are the only points which it is proposed to defend. At all of these places there is much yet to be done, but every effort is being made to render them as strong as the nature of the positions and the means at hand will permit. They ought, after their completion, to make a good defense against any batteries that are likely to be brought against them. More guns could be usefully employed if available for this service; those at hand have been placed in the best positions and the troops distributed so as to work them to advantage. The batteries are tolerably supplied with ammunition, having about 50 rounds to the gun. This amount it would be well to have increased to 100 rounds.

The greatest difficulty to be contended with is the want of artillerist and proper offices as instructors. The naval officers directed to report to me have been assigned to duty at the batteries in Charleston Harbor as ordnance and artillery officers, with the exception of Captains Buchanan and Sinclair, whom I have directed to return, having, while uncertain as to any attack being in contemplation, no appropriate duties for them to perform, and believing their services were important at their former stations.

I have been able to learn nothing of any movements of the enemy's fleet along the coast of Georgia or Florida, and am inclined to believe that they have not yet made any further demonstrations of attack.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 2. Coosawhatchie, S. C., November 21, 1861.

I. In consequence of the general scarcity of ammunition, the general commanding desires to impress upon the commanders of regiments and

