
and we want one or two howitzers down here. I wish you would telegraph to General Lee, requesting him to send me down two howitzers in addition to the cavalry which he wrote me this morning he was trying to get to me.

I inclose a list of the names of the negroes sent, with the names of their owners.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. J. COLCOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel Mounted Regiment.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP MARION,November 27, 1861 - 7 a. m.

[Brigadier General THOMAS F DRAYTON:]

GENERAL: The expedition to Bull Island, about which I wrote you,left here last night about 10.30 o'clock, consisting of a detail of about 40 men from Major Smith's command, under command of Captain Manning J. Kirk, It was conducted by him with great prudence and ability and proved a complete success, resulting in the capture of 38 negroes, most of them belonged to Joseph Baynard. By my directions, after the party were embarked, fire was applied to the fodder an corn houses, which were completely destroyed. From what I can learn from the negroes thee were no Yankees on the island last night. My impression is that they only come over inthe day-time for foraging purposes and leave at night. As some of our wagons are going to Hardeeville for stores, I have ordered the prisoners sent up to Hardeeville, under a proper guard. Please have them delivered to their owner, Mr. Baynard, who, not being in the village, I suppose must have returned last night to Hardeeville.

Please telegraph this information to General Lee, from whom I received a letter yesterday, saying he was making an effort to send me down a re-enforcement of cavalry, and request him to hasten them forward, as I have but little doubt that the enemy will attack us soon in retaliation for our Bull Island expedition. I wish you would send down a regiment of infantry as soon as possible.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. J. COLCOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Lower Squadron Mounted Infantry.

P. S. - I neglected to inform you that Baynard's fellow (Pompey) had to be killed to prevent his escape. Captain Young and his party arrived late last night and shall have every assistance I can render.

[Indorsement.]

General Drayton takes pleasure in forwarding the inclosed letter to General Lee, and trusts the next one may result in the capture of some of the Lincolnites. Cavalry, artillery, and transportation are our great wants.

THOS. F. DRAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

