
in every department the practice of strict economy in al purchases and expenditures. Commanding officers will see that the regulations in this respect are rigidly observed, and that the supplies for the Army are of the troops deemed strict attention to this subject.

By order of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBIA, December 8, 1861.

Honorable Mr. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

I am greatly obliged to you for the regiments promised and the flying artillery companies. I began to fear yo had forgotten us. I start twenty companies with our State arms in the morning and more coming in. The fleet at Saint Helena cannot be counted. Please push on your troops, for by Thursday we will begin to feel the enemy.

F. W. PICKENS.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, December 8, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE,

Coosawhatchie, S. C.:

SIR: Your letter of 3rd instant was received on the 7th. Since its reception I have telegraphed, announcing that measures had three regiments of infantry, and that several other regiments would be sent. The three on the way to you are Donelson's brigade, of two Tennessee regiments, and Starke's regiment. They were all ordered to re-enforce General Floyd, but did not reach him in time to prevent his retreat. His whole force has now been withdrawn form Western Virginia, and I expect further to send you Russell's Mississippi regiment, Phillips' Georgia regiment, Waddill's Louisiana battalion, and perhaps some others. Floyd's army is now on railroad near Wytheville, and as soon as it has been inspected and furnished with its necessary supplies of tents, camp equipage, &amp;c., say in about five or six days, the additional troops just mentioned will be sent you, uncles some unforeseen exigency shall render it impossible. I am firm in my purpose not to give a musket to a man and therefore I beg that you will inform Governors Pickens and Brown that if they have no "war" troops ready to receive the arms you still retain in your hands, you will at once arm the other regiments mentioned in your letter, and if they are unable to promise the troops immediately, you will please write Colonel Mitchell that you are authorized by this Department to arm his regiment, and to order it so Savannah or Charleston for that purpose. I had nearly forgotten to say Colonel Dowd's regiment of Mississippians, unarmed, has been ordered to Savannah to receive arms from you if Georgia has no "war" troops to receive them, and must therefore be armed before Colonel Mitchell's regiment. Keep me advised of you wants, that I may send you everything our means will permit.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

