
GARDEN'S CORNER, December 8, 1861 - 1.30 p. m.

Captain T. A. WASHINGTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Coosawhatchie, S. S.:

CAPTAIN: Half an hour ago I received information from Captain Maffit that a small force of the of the enemy of the enemy were landing at Cunningham Point; that with my company from Page's Point he would attack them. Just now I have by a courier further information from Captain Maffit that the enemy are landing in force at Cunningham Point, landing continuously from boats and flats. Upon confederate with Colonel Dunovant, who is now in my quarters, he will take his command to the junction of the road from Cunningham Point with the main road from Pocotaligo to this point. We will await further orders. Shall we move on the the attack provided the enemy does not advance to the road occupied by Colonel Dunovant? Colonel Dunovant is senior colonel.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES JONES,

Colonel Fourteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

RICHMOND, December 9, 1861.;

Colonel GEORGE DEAS,

Dublin Station, Va.:

Hasten forward Donelson's Tennessee brigade and Starke's regiment to Charleston, S. C., as already ordered. Answer by telegraph.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Tallahassee, December 9, 1861.

Honorable JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America:

SIR: For some time before his death General Grayson was rendered non compos mentis by disease, and acted upon suggestions. Satisfied of this fact, and with the view so far as was possible of protecting him from imposition, I requested his attendants to invite my attention whenever he should be called upon to discharge any official duty. This, however, was ot at all times practicable, nor perhaps possible. As an illustration, upon one occasion I was called upon at night by one William J. Turner, of the vicinity of Tampa Bay, and requested to commission him and others as officers of a cavalry company. I refused to do so. This was about 10 o'clock at night. In half an hour after a dispatch came, addressed to General Grayson and myself, bringing information that the enemy were landing near Saint Mark's. General grayson was confined to his bed (which he never left alive), and before 2 o'clock I left the capital by railroad, with a company of light artillery and one of infantry, with the aid of other troops near the place, to repel the invasion. The enemy, however, not landing, I returned to the capital, and learned that Turner had departed with orders from General Grayson under which his company has since been mustered into the Confederate service. I am now informed, by men of high respectability and undoubted veracity and standing in the country, that Turner has 116 men mustered into the service, and many of them upon horses which could

