
COOSAWHATCHIE, December 21, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

Have already stated, after arming organized corps would arm companies for the war if arms remained.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS,Coosawhatchie, December 23, 1861.

General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding, &amp;c., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am gratified to learn by your letter of the 21st instant that the battery at Church Flats is ready for action and the obstruction prepared for closing the channel. The troops that you have advanced from Charleston into the Third Military District must remain for the present under the command of General Evans. I hope by this time that the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Regiments and laurens battalion of South Carolina Volunteers have reached him. As soon as he can be properly re-enforced, the regiments that is amy be desirable to have around Charleston can be recalled into your district. In the mean time I request that you will furnish the necessary supplies to the troops, upon proper requisitions, and aid General Evans in every way in your power in the organization of his district and by furnishing him al needful information and facilities that he may require.

I wish as soon as possible that you would inform me of the number, &c., of troops present in the Third Military District, as it may be some time before General Evans can furnish me with an official return.

I agree with you as to the importance of holding John's Island and the post of Church Flats, and beg that you will re-enforce General Evans, if necessary, to enable him to do so.

I have the honor, &c.,

R. E. LEE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 24. Coosawhatchie, S. C., December 23, 1861.

I. Brigadier General Maxcy Gregg, C. S. Provisional Army, having reported at these headquarters, in compliance with instructions from the War Department, will report to Brigadier General J. C. Pemberton for duty with the South Carolina troops serving in the Fourth Military District.

II. Brigadier General D. S. Donelson, commanding Tennessee Brigade, and Colonel W. E. Starke, commanding Sixtieth Virginia Volunteers, will report their commands to Brigadier-General Pemberton for duty i the Fourth Militia District of South Carolina.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of General Lee:

T. A. WASHINGTON,Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.

COOSAWHATCHIE, December 24, 1861.

[MAGRATH]:

MY DEAR SIR: I have just received your note announcing the meeting of the Convention about to take place at Columbia. The exposed condition of the State and the presence of a powerful enemy on her shores

