
in the service of the Confederate Government and those serving by State authority harmoniously. If it can be done, no officer is better qualified to accomplish it than General Floyd. Thrice the expense has been incurred and thrice the force assembled for defense of Fernandina, and yet Apalachicola is decidedly the most important commercial city, and, in a strategic point of view, in the hands of the enemy would afford greater facilities for injury to the South. Both places are worthy of the means necessary to a successful defense.

These matters are respectfully submitted to the consideration of the Secretary of War and President, provided the proposition submitted to establish a military department in parts of Georgia, Florida, and Alabama shall not meet with a favorable consideration. I am now engaged in raising a regiment of infantry in West Florida for service twelve months-Confederate service-to be armed and equipped by the State and for the defense of Apalachicola. There should be at least one artillery company at Saint Andrew's Bay, the entrance to which can be successfully defended by two cannon, 42-pounders, with equipments.

The cavalry companies in State service at Apalachicola I propose to retire from the service. By an order issued by General Grayson, if I was informed correctly, the State troops have been supplied.

I shall return to the capital to-morrow, when I shall be pleased to hear from you.

Very respectfully,

JOHN MILTON.

[Inclosures.]

BRIGADIER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Apalachicola, December 18, 1861.

His Excellency Governor Milton,

Tallahassee, Fla.:

SIR: I have the honor to state to you that there are under my immediate command at this post but 612 men, rank and file, including the two dragoon companies. The additional troops to be sent here, as mentioned by your excellency, have not arrived, nor do I know where they are. If these troops are to come, I would respectfully suggest that it should be at an early day, in order that they may have the all-important advantages of drill to prepare them for battle when it should come. The troops here are improving rapidly under regular drill and discipline and are already quite efficient.

From reports I received I deemed it prudent to remove from Saint Vincent's Island to this place and detain them one white man and two negroes who had been kept there to butcher for this market. From certain indications since I am convinced that the measure was correct, and precludes any possibility of intercourse between them and the United States blockaders. There is no proof that such intercourse had existed, but some strong suspicions.

I think it important to request your excellency to appoint a chaplain to this regiment. There will then be no excuse for any of the men leaving camp on the Sabbath to attend church in the city. The restrictions I have necessarily placed upon them in this respect and in the absence of a regular chaplain produce dissatisfaction, although no disobedience.

I am informed by Second Lieutenant Mickle, who was sent to me by General Bragg recently as an engineer, that there are two 42-pounders at Pensacola not in use, and that it is probable they might be, by

