
Marion Artillery can be got ready for the field, assign it to such station as you think fit.

I am, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT,Adams Run, December 27, 1861.

Captain T. A. WASHINGTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Coosawhatchie, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the enemy commenced firing on my pickets at White Point yesterday at about 12 o'clock. He then proceeded up the Wadmalaw Sound as far as the mouth of the Tugaloo Creek, and shelled the house of Mr. James King for four hours, throwing 10-inch shells, but without effect.

The enemy at the same time made a demonstration at Edisto Ferry on land, though but few were seen. Their drums were distinctly heard by my vedettes at the ferry.

The gunboat that proceeded up the sound was accompanied by a number of row-boats and a barge. From an elevated point I could distinguish the troops aboard. They seemed about 500 on the gunboat to White Point. The enemy sent a few men ashore, and burnt the summer house of Colonel James Lezau, which was situated immediately on the water.

As soon as I learned the enemy would attempt to land I ordered Major James' battalion, of 250 strong, and a cavalry force of 30 men to take a concealed position on Slann's Island. I also ordered Captain Walter to bring his battery to these headquarters as soon as possible, whence I detached a section to the support of Major James. They arrived in their position about 4 o'clock. The enemy retired about sundown towards their large vessels now in Edisto Inlet. As it was now probable he would land, and my only available force being the above mentioned troops, I wrote to Brigadier-General Ripley for re-enforcements, which he readily granted.

I will here report that, having heard the enemy was seen some two or three days since near Rockville, I ordered Colonel De Treville to cross over to John's Island with his battalion and a cavalry force and reconnoiter the enemy, and attack him should he find himself able to make a successful stand. I have made arrangements for the return of this force at Church Flats by a bridge of boats.

Colonels Means and Elford have reported in person, and report their regiments as not yet armed or equipped. They are now encamped near Charleston.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Military District.
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DIST., DEPT. OF S. C.,Georgetown, December 27, 1861.

T. A. WASHINGTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Coosawhatchie:

MAJOR: I have never seen or received General Order, Numbers 1, from General Lee's headquarters, although I have written for said missing

