
move at once. It is at Adams Run before this. I also directed Elford's to be in readiness to move this morning, but received the report inclosed. This and Colonel Means' letter show it to be impossible to depend on either for any support to General Evans for a week at least.

By a reference to the memorandum inclosed yesterday it will be seen that the only disposable troops would be the remainder of Orr's regiment, and that would leave Sullivan's Island with only Dunovant's regiment, acting as artillery, for the defense of that point. It would, I think, be manifestly improper to take a man from Stono, as the enemy are in front of it sounding and making other demonstrations; I do not think with a view to attack, unless they should find the point undefended. I shall, however, do the best I can, and if General Evans calls upon me, shall support him with as efficient a force as I can muster, even at the hazard of weakening the garrisons in the harbor. It appears to me that the importance of defeating our enemy once well on this coast is worth a great deal of risk.

I have directed a telegraph station to be put in operation at Adams Run, which will save General Evans' cavalry and afford information on both points.

Upon Colonel Preston's requisition I have ordered Mr. Lowndes, volunteer aide-de-camp, to proceed to Mars Bluff, and muster in the Pedee Legion. Authority to employ volunteer aides-de-camp on this service was given by General Cooper, and thus far has not been revoked. Mr. Lowndes has already mustered in several corps.

At Stono yesterday a gunboat, reconnoitering, threw a shell at the light-draught steamer supplying the post. The batteries returned it, contrary to instructions, at long range, and the two continued to waste shots for half an hour. I have sent to forbid any more practice of that kind.

It would materially assist in the continuance of our works if Captain Ives could be spared for a few days, as his office, I learn, now in funds.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosures.]

CAMP MOORE,

Charleston, S. C., December 26, 1861.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY, C. S. A.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my regiment is not in a position to move with efficiency immediately. One of our companies is unarmed. Of the remaining arms, about 100 have proved defective and are in the hands of the armorer for repair. We h ave not a bayonet-belt, or scabbard, or cartridge-box in the regiment. Major Eason, the ordnance officer, informed me to-day that these could be procured in eight or ten days. We have about three rounds of cartridges and caps, but I understand that ammunition can be obtained. I have been pressing our requisition for accouterments continually since we have been here, but hitherto without success. So soon as we can procure these we are ready and anxious to march to the point of duty.

Respectfully,

C. J. ELFORD,

Colonel Sixteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

