
out. You must be able to afford us some by this time, and we will put it to good use and see that none is wasted. I want 20 barrels large grain and 30 barrels fine grain, in all 5,000 pounds, cannon powder. I know you will do all you can.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. HARDEN,

Ordnance Officer.

General Mercer requests me to add that Fernandina is vastly better supplied with guns and ammunition than we are.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA,

Headquarters, December 31, 1861.

General LEE,

Commanding:

SIR: I have received yours of the 27th and 29th instant.* In the former you make the number of troops mustered into Confederate service from this State under your command 10,036. I inclose with this a correct copy# of the exact number mustered in whose rolls are in the adjutant-general's office, which is correct from the record. You say in yours you do not include the regiments of Colonels Means and Elford nor the companies mentioned in mine. From your remark in relation to the garrisons at Cole's Island and Sumter and Moultrie not being considered troops for field service, I suppose you exclude them also, and perhaps the troops at or near Georgetown. If I am right in this construction of your letter, then the estimates, according to the rolls in the adjutant-general's office, making 17,000, vary but little from yours of 10,036, but if these are added it would make about the same. If this is not the case, and I do not understand you right, then the officers in command of your different districts have ben sent you in a full report of the troops mustered in.

As to the suggestion you make in relation to a cavalry regiment, I will cordially unite with you to raise the other four companies, and we have a company now which General Gist is trying to get in for the war unconditionally. There are many offering, and we will try to get enough for the regiment and report to you, so that the President may send an officer to command them.

I regret to hear and to know of the unpleasant feeling amongst the officers under General Ripley, particularly of the junior officer in the artillery. Appointments cannot be made to please all, and none have been made but with an eye single to the strength of the service. Ferguson and Beauregard were appointed supposing they had a company ready to bring right into the battalion of artillery, and their commissions are not to be presented unless this is done first. There is great difficulty in enlisting regulars now, and as a large portion of a company difficulty in enlisting regulars now, and as a large portion of a company was already enlisted for young Beauregard in New Orleans, I thought it was well to secure a company for our service, and besides I thought it would be very agreeably to all to appoint a son of General Beauregard. The appointment of Kemper as second lieutenant was became he was a brother of the gallant commander of the battery from Alexandria, who was with one of our regiments in service, and because this Mr. Kemper whom I appointed had settled in Beaufort and was ruined by the inva-

---------------

*Of 29th not found.

#Not found.

---------------

