
would add greatly in my opinion to the defense of the harbor. Its fire would reach a ship after it had passed beyond the range of the guns of the fort, and the position, if not occupied, might be used by the enemy. I hope, therefore, you will be able to make arrangements to get sufficient troops from the State of Florida to support the battery; and, if I recollect aright, works could be easily thrown up to defend its rear.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Coosawhatchie, S. C., January 2, 1861.

His Excellency FRANCIS W. PICKENS,

Governor of South Carolina, Columbia:

GOVERNOR: I have add the honor to receive your communication of the 29th ultimo,* inclosing a copy of the resolution adopted by the general assembly at its recent meeting relative to the employment of slaves on works for military defense. I have given instructions to General Ripley to make with your excellency the necessary arrangements and to urge forward the works around Charleston as rapidly as possible. I hope that your excellency will see that his wants in the matter of laborers are complied with.

I beg leave again to submit to your excellency the great need of troops to defend this line, and would respectfully ask that you urge forward their organization with all possible dispatch.

I am, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Coosawhatchie, January 3, 1862.

Major General H. R. JACKSON,

Commanding First Division Georgia Troops, Savannah:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your letters of the 28th ultimo and 2nd instant.# I am much gratified to learn that the division under your command is ready for the defense of the State of Georgia and is place at my disposal for that purpose. The troops in the Confederate service under General Lawton have already been distributed with a view to the protection of the most exposed points, and particularly to guard the approaches to Savannah. There is no point at which re-enforcements may not be required. I will direct General Lawton to indicate to you where your troops can be of most service, and to designate such points as you may take under your exclusive charge. At present, or until called upon by General Lawton, I beg that you will see that the preparation of your command for service in the field be perfected as far as possible. The camp and garrison equipage and baggage of every sort should be curtailed to the regulation allowance. Transportation ought to be provided and a supply of ammunition for field service. I need not suggest to you the necessity for instituting discipline and a regular and thorough course of instruction for officers and men; your own experience will show you its propriety and benefit.

---------------

*Not found.

#Of 2nd instant not found.

---------------

