
I apprise you of the fact in view of the shipments expected over from Nassau, some of which may perhaps have been ordered to sack access into the ports named.

My letter to the Department of the 15th December reported the coast clear at those points; since then the Federals seem to be on the alert.

The entrance to Warsaw is effectually sealed; a vessel is permanently anchored inside.

Very respectfully,

ED. C. ANDERSON,

Major, Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS,Coosawhatchie, January 17, 1862.

Honorable C. M. FURMAN,

Commissioner, &amp;c., City of Charleston:

SIR: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 16th instant* in reference to an ordinance of the State Convention to provide for the removal of from portions of the State which may be invaded by the enemy and to certain resolutions intended to carry its provisions into effect. Copies of the ordinance and resolutions have been furnished me, and I shall take great pleasure in doing all in my power to aid the commissioners in the performance of the duties required of them.

As regards the probability of the occurrence of the contingencies in which you will be called to act, and of which you ask my opinion, I can only say that, seeing no reason now for apprehension, I think it an act of prudence to make provision in time of security for what would be required in time of danger, and that steps should be taken for the formation of depots, &c. Every arrangement made in anticipation of events which, should they happen, would mitigate their evil consequences.

As regards the information which you may require from time to time to govern your action in relation to the city of Charleston, I suggest that you apply to the Confederate officer commanding in the city, should it not be convenient to refer to the commanding general of the department, as by so doing valuable time may be saved. I shall certainly apprise you of any danger I can foresee.

With great respect,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Coosawhatchie, S. C., January 17, 1862.

General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding Second Military District S. C., Charleston:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of this date,* relative to the proposed operations against the enemy at North Edisto, I wish to state that when my approval to Captain Ives was given to make the attempt, I did not sufficiently understand the plan to be able to form an opinion as to the practicability of its accomplishing the object. Of this you must judge and of the means to effect it.

General Evans has been apprised of the projected expedition, and

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

24 R R-VOL VI

