
wishes to be informed of the time, place, &amp;c., so as to prevent any collision of our troops.

In a conversation had with General Evans to-day he fears from demonstrations of the enemy that he may be preparing to land on Bohicket Creek, near West Seabrook's, and push forward to the Stono, east of Rantowles Creek, or to Legareville. His troops only extend to Dr. Whitridge's, on the west bank of Bohicket Creek. In the former case they would turn left, and your right. In the latter, with the assistance of his floating batteries, he would endeavor to silence your batteries on Cole's and Battery Island, and thus ascend the StoNumbers The paucity of troops in General Evans' district prevents his guarding this route. Can you not forward from the regiments ordered to him, or others that may have reported since, a sufficient detachment for this purpose? Should this not be practicable, I suggest that you hold Orr's regiment in readiness, or advance it to some convenient point, to move at a moment's notice.

I have the honor, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

COOSAWHATCHIE, S. C.,

January 17, 1862.

General J. H. TRAPIER,

Commanding in Florida:

GENERAL: Arrangements have been made for running into Musquito Inlet, on the east coast of Florida, arms and ammunition, by means of small fast steamers. The department considers it necessary that at least two moderate sized guns be placed at New Smyrna, to protect the landing in the event of our steamers being chased by the enemy's gunboats. You are therefore desired to send temporarily to New Smyrna some defense of this kind as soon as possible. The cargoes of the steamers are so valuable and so vitally important, that no precaution should be omitted. It will also be necessary to act very promptly, as it is hoped the steamers (two) will arrive within ten or fifteen days.

There are two Parrott guns at Fernandina, if nothing better and more available are at hand, that could be sent to the waters of the Saint John's, and thence as near the desired point as practicable, with ammunition, &c., under an active officer, with their complement of men, &c. But the guns, way, and means are left to your better knowledge and judgment.

I have the honor, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Charleston, January 22, 1862.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding Second Military District, &c., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that he has just received a dispatch containing an extract from a letter dated the 19th instant, stating that an officer of the Confederate service, who had been a prisoner at Boston, had reached Norfolk and said that it was

