
artillery, I can send you two 42-pounder carronades on siege carriages, but have neither harness nor horses for them. These you must endeavor to procure, if wanted.

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, &amp;C.,Savannah, Ga., February 4, 1862.

Brigadier General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding, &c., Pocotaligo, S. C.:

GENERAL: It has been reported to me by General Drayton that two of the enemy's gunboats, accompanied by two steamers, ascended New River yesterday, and burnt the houses of Mr. Box and Mr. Lawton. The obstruction near Red [Bluff?] was removed, and I have learned that one of the enemy's steamers has passed above it. The guns had been previously removed from the battery at that place. I have also heard that a party of the enemy visited Captain Screven's Proctor plantation, on the Savannah River, and that three appeared there on Sunday, accompanied by negroes, who, after viewing Fort Jackson, &c., retired. The party of the enemy came by Wright's Cut, which leads through the marshes from Savannah River to Wright River.

It seems probable that the enemy is meditating an advance from New River to the banks of the Savannah, and General Drayton has been directed to take up a line removed beyond the reach [of] the gunboats on New River to intercept him; should the enemy land too large a force for him to cope with, he has been directed to notify you. In that event you are desired to send to his support such of your available force as may be necessary, and to march with it, should you deem it requisite, and to take command of the whole operation. With this view it is suggested that you repair to Hardeeville, visit the field of operation, and concert with him a plan of operations. Should you not be able to drive him back under cover of his boars, you will attack him in his flank and rear, so as to prevent his approach to the Savannah River.

I am, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, &C.,Savannah, Ga., February 5, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance Department, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I have just received your letter of the 39th ultimo, advising me that two 10-inch and one 8-inch columbiads would be forwarded to me the next day. I hope that the others required are also on their way, and if it would be any relief to the department, as it will avoid the cost of transportation, the shot and shell can be procured here. I therefore desire to be informed of the caliber of the guns, that I may provide them. Please send an agent with the guns to hasten their transportation, and it has occurred to me that this might be expedited by sending them through Charlotte to Augusta, as the connection of the roads at Augusta is better than at Charleston, and much time will therefore be saved. I require nine heavy guns in addition to the three sent.

Captain Cuyler, ordnance officer at this post, has just stated to me

