
as united they might withstand the attack of the enemy, which, [while?] if distant, each might be suppressed separately. Not knowing the ground, he leaves the matter to your better judgment.

I am, &amp;c.,

[W. H . TAYLOR,]

A. A. G.

STATE OF GEORGIA, ADJT. AND INSP. GEN'S. OFFICE,

Milledgeville, Ga., February 14, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, C. S. A.,

Commanding Southern Military District, Savannah:

GENERAL: By direction of the governor I send you herewith two communications relative to the defenseless condition of the city of Augusta, in this State-one written by the mayor of that city, the other by a highly respectable citizen of it, and holding the commission of colonel in the militia of the State. These letters express fully the weakness of the city and the interests there to be protected, and entering heartily into the views of the writers, the governor directs me to commend them to your earnest consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY C. WAYNE,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] MAYOR'S OFFICE, Augusta, February 11, 1862.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor, &c.,:

DEAR SIR: I desire to call your attention to the fact that there now exists among a portion of our citizens considerable apprehension that an attempt may be made before long by the Federal forces near Savannah to ascend the Savannah River to Augusta. Whether this apprehension is well grounded or not, there can be no doubt that if the enemy are placed in a position to enable them to do so, great exertion will be made to reach Augusta, as it must be generally know that we have a large quantity of cotton stored and that manufactories of arms and powder are being erected near our city. It is suggested that it may become necessary to obstruct the Savannah River. I address your excellency for the purpose of bringing the matter to your notice, and thus enabling you to give such directions as you may think required by the circumstances. Should it be deemed important to obstruct the river, and you have no engineer whom you can direct to the duty, I will cheerfully undertake any service connected with the matter which you may think proper to designate.

With sentiments of highest esteem, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. MAY,

Mayor of City of Augusta.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] AUGUSTA, February 11, 1862.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor State of Georgia:

SIR: Some apprehension is felt in this city that the enemy will endeavor to take it, provided they succeed at Savannah. In the event of

