
I would respectfully request that a court-martial be ordered as soon as possible for their trial, and that the court consist of as many officers of experience as the good of the service will admit.

I beg leave to report, for the information of the general commanding, that I have now but 1,305 men for duty on the main-land, at least half of whom are raw militia, composed of the new companies joining battalions and men returned from sick furloughs. The troops I have distributed as follows:

The Holcombe Legion, Colonel Stevens, 492 strong, between Togodo and Willstown, opposite Jehossee Island; Laurens battalion, Major James, 281 strong, in rear of the entrenchments at Slann's Island Causeway; a section of light artillery is also stationed here; Colonel Elford, Sixteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, is stationed at a central position on the Willstown road, between this place and Church Flats, guarding the approach of the enemy up the Wadmalaw. The enemy have occupied Edisto Island in considerable force and have thrown pickets as far out as Jehossee Island, and from observation I am convinced are making preparation for an early attack.

With my present forces I find myself entirely unable to strengthen my position in front of Jehossee Island, as the forces on John's and Wadmanlaw Islands, now not adequate to their positions, could not be withdrawn without exposing an open way to the railroad for the enemy. With reference to the disposition of the troops on the islands, please see letter inclosed from Colonel De Treville, commanding. It will then be readily perceived by the general commanding that should the enemy occupy Jehossee Island (which he can whenever he pleases) and erect batteries on the island out of range of our guns (24-pounders), he could, with the assistance of his gunboats, take our batteries, overpower my small force, and make his way to the railroad. I would therefore request, if possible, an additional force be sent to this district.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

WADMALAW ISLAND, February 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General EVANS,

Aams Run:

DEAR GENERAL: In accordance with your orders we will leave to-day for Charleston.

Colonel Moore's battalion, with the exception of three detached companies, moved to Bear's Bluff yesterday. Colonel Means' regiment will move to our camping ground as soon as we move. The two pieces of light artillery from Bear's Bluff I have stationed near Rockville.

Though this ends my connection with the military, perhaps forever, I cannot but remark again upon the undefended condition of these islands. There is now no guard at Church Bridge and nothing on the road from the Haulover to Legareville but two companies from Colonel Moore's battalion and Nesbitt's cavalry. If the enemy intend, as the Herald says they intend to do and as I think very probable, to make North Edisto their base of operations against Charleston, they can with perfect impunity land any number of troops on that island and at any moment transport them to Haulover, Rockville, and Bear's Bluff, and advance in these directions to the ferry or to Legareville. We are totally unprepared to meet them, but of this your own personal observation has made you fully

