
ination of the river been made with a view to the selection of the most eligible point, and whether any guns can be had to arm a battery for the protection of the river obstructions. In that event the point selected, besides being favorable to the work, should be contiguous to a position where a battery could be placed to prevent its removal. If no guns can be procured, then rifle-pits should be dug, then rifle-pits should be dug, where good marksmen could drive off working parties of the enemy. The position of the obstruction should be below the bluff, from which it could be protected. If no examination has been made and you are not able to so so yourself, could you select a person for the service and make arrangements for the conduct of the work, should Major Rains not return in time? The navigation of the river should be retained until it becomes necessary to close it, and for this purpose an outlet for the boats should be left.

The work, in my opinion, should be undertaken at once as a purely prudential measure, and as soon as the plan is matured should be pushed forward with vigor.

From the tenor of Major Rains' letter, I inferred that the citizens of Augusta would provide the necessary labor, &amp;c., and that Colonel Henry Cummings would superintend the work.

I am, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, &C.,Savannah, Ga., February 15, 1862.

General HENRY C. WAYNE,

Adjutant and Inspector-General State of Georgia:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 14th instant, inclosing communications from the mayor of Augusta and Colonel Griffin to his excellency Governor Brown, in reference to the propriety of obstructing the navigation of the Savannah River.

This subject had already attracted my attention, and, in addition to measures contemplated for closing the river above this city, I have authorized the adoption of a plan, suggested by Major Rains, for arresting its navigation below Augusta. To prevent the removal of obstacles, however, placed in the bed of the stream, there should be a battery contiguous. For this I have no guns, and cannot possibly obtain more than necessary for the defenses of Savannah. I was, therefore, on the point of requesting the Governor to permit me to apply any belonging to the State to the defense of the upper river, and am glad that the subject has been brought to his notice. May I ask you to inform me whether there are any State guns available for this purpose, whether they can be procured, their caliber, &c.?

I am, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, &C.,Savannah Ga., February 15, 1862.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding, &c., Charleston:

GENERAL: There are abundant indications of the presence of the enemy in force, both on land and water, in this vicinity; but as far as I

25 R R-VOL VI

