
if adopted he would recommend that it be casemated, using heavy timber and railroad iron for the purpose. Similar protection should be given to our other water batteries, where practicable, if time permits, and, indeed, every preparation made to shelter the men from the bombardment of the enemy's fleet.

I am, &amp;c.,

------

------

.

SAVANNAH, February 18, 1862.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia, Milledgeville:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to report the information of your excellency that the guns have been removed from the islands of Saint Simon's and Jekyl, and the troops withdrawn to the main-land; the former are in process of transportation to this city, and the latter ordered to take a position to command the railroad and to protect the back country.

In giving final orders for the defense of that portion of the State, I wish to give directions in reference to the town of Brunswick, provided the enemy attempt to possess. Besides the moral effect of showing our determination to defend the country at any sacrifice, its destruction would deprive the enemy of comfortable quarters in a healthy position, which they might otherwise be tempted to occupy during the continuance of the war, the present buildings saving them much labor and expense, and the hotel serving as a hospital for their sick. As there are other considerations besides those, purely military, involved in this question, I am unwilling to order the destruction of the town without the knowledge and approbation of your excellency.

I am, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND MILITARY DISTRICT SOUTH CAROLINA,Charleston, February 18. 1862.

Captain W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Savannah, Ga.:

CAPTAIN: In view of the reported recent successes of the enemy at Fort Donelson, which, although not entirely reliable, will probably lead to renewed activity on the part of the enemy, I beg leave respectfully to suggest the following for the consideration of the commanding general. We may, I opine, consider it as certain that the enemy will soon attack, Savannah or Charleston, directly or by the shortest land approach, especially it their generals have a proper appreciation of a moral effect of a victory.

With this letter I h ave the honor to inclose a copy of the weekly

return of the troops in this district. It will be seen that the aggregate "present and absent" is 7,754, while the number of effective, sabers and bayonets and artillery-men, is but 4,569, including sergeants and corporals.

General Evans has nominally from 2,800 to 3,000 probably 1,500, effective.

The commands to the south and west are, I doubt not, proportionally weak, according to the extent of their lines.

