
Mooney, in the same place; also the gunboat which was building near Jacksonville for the Government.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TRAPIER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., March 21, 1862.

General HENRY C. WAYNE,

Milldgeville:

I have ordered 2,400 Enfield rifles, with a like number of infantry accouterment and a proper supply of cartridges, sent to Pocotaligo for your three regiments. Send to us at Goldsborough, N. C., three or four of your new regiments as promptly as possible, and they will be armed in like manner. The necessity for troops is most urgent, and not an hour should be lost. Advise me when you send them.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Pocotaligo, March 21, 1862.

General R. S. RIPLEY,Commanding Second Military District South Carolina:

GENERAL: I have received your communication of to-day's date, marked "confidential."* General Evans writes, March 21:

Yesterday the enemy were seen making preparations to cross Watt's Cut, and are evidently making arrangements either to make a feint from Jehossee or land on the mainland, &amp;c.

Of course you keep in communication with General Evans. You are aware that three regiments have been removed from what was the Fourth Military District out of the State. No other troops have as yet arrived to replace them. I look for them, however, on Monday or Tuesday next. You will of course keep securely the prisoners sent by General Evans. I shall write immediately for instructions with reference to them to War Department.

I wish you to assist in any way you can to provide transportation for rice to points where it will be available.

How do your fortifications progress? I shall endeavor to see you in a few days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Pocotaligo, March 22, 1862.

Hon. ISAAC W. HAYNE,Chief Justice and Police:

DEAR SIR: Yours of the 21st* is just received, and I regret to learn that in your opinion the governor and council have in terms conferred

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

