
Florida immediately upon its arrival in Columbus, Ga. It will be thoroughly tested, under the supervision of Major A. L. Long, chief of ordnance and artillery in this department, and if of good quality 20,000 pounds will be at once forwarded to Major General Sam. Jones, at Mobile, and the remainder to Major-General Lovell, at New Orleans. I have sent an agent-Mr. J. Manigault-to Marianna, Fla., to keep an eye upon the powder, which is there and in transit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. PROV. FORCES DEPT. EAST AND MIDDLE FLA., Tallahassee, March 25, 1862.

Major T. A. WASHINGTON,Assistant Adjutant-General, Pocotaligo, S. C.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for information of the commanding general, that having received intelligence which leads me to doubt the accuracy of the report as to the enemy's forces in Jacksonville, which came to me yesterday, and having at the same time received orders relieving me from the command in this district, I am making my preparations for an early departure for the headquarters of General A. S. Johnston.

the forces in East Florida are reported so much weakened by sickness, that I have taken the responsibility of keeping Davis' regiment in that part of the State till the arms from Smyrna are in a place of safety. The colonel of the regiment has reported that it would not be prepared to march for some days, at any rate.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TRAPIER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Pocotaligo, S. C., April 2, 1862.

Having no control over Florida, this communication is respectfully forwarded for the information of the War Department.

J. C. PEMBERTON,Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, March 25, 1862.

Colonel A. M. MANIGAULT,

Commanding First Military District South Carolina:

COLONEL: Having maturely considered the subject, I have determined to withdraw the forces from Georgetown, and therefore abandon the position.

You will accordingly take immediate measures to have the guns dismounted, taking care to have at hand heavy logs to place in position as each gun shall be dismounted. Do not allow more guns to be displaced at a time than you can immediately remove.

The heavy metal should be removed first, and the work should be done

27 R R-VOL VI

