
as far as practicable by night, and as rapidly as the means at your disposal will admit of. You will use the light-draught steamers for transportation to the railroad, and forward the guns and all munitions to Charleston. I earnestly impress upon you the necessity of promptness and caution in this movement.

You will, so soon as the batteries are dismantled and the material secured to a certainty against capture by the enemy, proceed with all the infantry force under your command [except troops for local defense] to this city and report to Brigadier-General Ripley.

The cavalry, field artillery, and local troops will for the present be continued as guard, and you will make such disposition of them for that purpose as your judgment and experience shall dictate.

If the field artillery is not equipped, it may be well also to remove it. You are requested to make immediate report on this point and upon any other connected with this movement which you may deem of interest.

Respectfully,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, DEP'T EAST AND MIDDLE FLORIDA, No. 118. Tallahassee, March 25, 1862.

*			*			*			*			*

Colonel William G. M. Davis, First Florida Cavalry, will proceed to Camp Langford, with his whole command, and relieve Colonel Dilworth, Third Regiment Florida Volunteers, in command of all the forces in that portion of the State, provided Colonel Hopkins' Fourth Regiment Florida Volunteers is not present.

As soon as the arms now en route for Lake City shall have arrived at that point Colonel Davis will, with his regiment, proceed immediately to Tennessee, and report for duty to General A. S. Johnston, C. S. Army.

*			*			*			*			*

By order of General Trapier:

R. H. ANDERSON,Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

POCOTALIGO, S. C., March 26, 1862.

General A. R. LAWTON,

Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: I have just received the following telegraph. Answer me at once by telegraph, and report facts in full by letter:

RICHMOND, March 26, 1862.

Major-General PEMBERTON:

The governor of Georgia complains that arms imported in the Gladiator and landed at Savannah have been seized by the Confederate officers. If this be so, have them released.

GEO. W. RANDOLPH.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

