HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Pocotaligo, March 26, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS F. DRAYTON,Commanding Sixth Military District South Carolina:

GENERAL: It is impossible at this time to send you permanent re-enforcements. The three Georgia regiments which have just reported are without arms or instruction. I expect, however, to have them armed immediately. One of these regiments is at Grahamville, and will, with the rest of General Donelson's brigade between Broad and New Rivers, be the principal assistance upon which you must depend for a movement against the enemy should he land east of New River. You have sufficient force now west of that stream, together with such aid as may be sent you from General Lawton's command, to effectually resist its passage or to meet the enemy should he approach from Red Bluff. The rest of your troops can be made disposable for any emergency in the south and west of New River.

I do not expect you to protect any possible landing place. Generally cavalry advanced guards are sufficient; the great object being to have information communicated rapidly, and to this end I desire you to keep your cavalry scouts in constant communication and in close proximity with General Donelson's, who will also be directed to establish them for that purpose at the head of Fording Island road. The only reason why the powder for torpedoes was not sent was because I found when in Charleston that the amount in hand was not sufficient to admit of it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Pocotaligo, March 27, 1862.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a telegram from the Secretary of War, dated March 26, 1862, in relation to a complaint from the governor of Georgia that certain arms imported in the Gladiator and landed at Savannah had been seized by the Confederate officers. The Secretary directs, if this be so, the arms shall be released.

I have replied by telegraph of this date, on report from Brigadier-General Lawton, commanding at Savannah, this moment received, that-

The arms were not seized, but came into the hands of the ordnance officer with Confederate arms and without any notice of the State's claim until they were shipped. Those arms cannot be recovered for the State, as they were shipped to Tennessee, Richmond, and other places, but they may he replaced by other to arrive from Florida.

Having had no notification of the disposition to be made of arms, &amp;c., from the cargo of the Gladiator, I am not prepared to say at present how the arms were diverted from their proper destination. General Lawton will report in full by mail to-morrow. I respectfully request to be instructed by the Department as to the curse to be pursued in replacing these arms from any future arrival.

I telegraphed to the Secretary of War this morning that certain parties in Atlanta, Ga., offered to dispose of about a ton of pig lead to the Government at 30 cents per pound. The highest price paid heretofore, as I am informed by Captain Cuyler, ordinance officer at Savannah, has been

