
adverse circumstances attending the retreat, and I feel indebted to each of them for their active co-operation.

In conclusion, I may add the loss realized is much less than at first anticipated.

I am, dear sir, your respectful and obedient servant,

T. G. BUDD,

Quartermaster First Regiment Rifles.

Colonel JOHN L. BRANCH,

Commanding.

DECEMBER 17, 1861.-Skirmish on Chisolm's Island, S. C.

Report of Brigadier General Isaac I. Stevens, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF PORT ROYAL, Beaufort, S. C., December 18, 1861.

SIR: In pursuance of my directions Lieutenant Porter, Eight Michigan Regiment, took a party last evening across the Coosaw River, and surprised a picket on Chisolm's Island. I found an intelligent negro as guide. The party started at 9.30 o'clock, crossed the Coosaw, got in the rear of the picket, attached it, and took the whole party of 6 prisoners. Two were wounded. They belonged to the Fourteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel [James] Jones commanding, and their names are J. P. Longford, L. M. Longford, B. Mathis, John Mates, M. W. Jennings (wounded), and Corporal J. Y. Longford (wounded).

I have not been able to elicit much information from them. They state, however, that theirs is the only regiment stationed at Garden's Corner, and that there are no pieces of artillery there. They have been in the Confederate service about four months; have received no pay. They stated that the common people had been led into the war by the leaders; that they volunteered to prevent being drafted. They (the prisoners) believe the whole difficulty grows out of a misunderstanding. Their leaders, however, were very determined.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,ISAAC I. STEVENS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain L. H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Port Royal, S. C.

DECEMBER 20, 1861.-Sinking of the Stone Fleet at the entrance to Charleston Harbor, S. C.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army.

Numbers 2.- Major Thomas M. Wagner, S. C. Artillery.

Numbers 1. Report of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS, COOSAWHATCHIE, S. C., December 20, 1861.

SIR: It has been reported to me by General Ripley that the enemy brought his stone fleet to the entrance of Charleston Harbor to-day, and

