
16 cents. The lead is very necessary and becoming very scarce. I would suggest that general instructions be given me to impress for the use of the Confederate States in all cases where such gross extortion is attempted.

The 64,000 pounds of powder which I was directed to impress on its reaching Columbus, Ga., has not yet arrived there. Officers are in attendance to carry out the instructions of the Secretary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Pocotaligo, March 27, 1862.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Brigadier-General Ripley has been directed to withdraw the guns from the batteries on Cole's Island, and to confine the defenses of the city of Charleston by that approach to James Island and the Stone River.

Colonel A. M. Manigault, commanding at Georgetown, S. C., has also been instructed to remove the guns from the works at that place to Charleston, and to withdraw all troops except those raised for "local defense." These last, amounting in the aggregate, present and absent, to about 1,200 infantry and 400 cavalry, I propose to continue for the present as a sufficient guard against raids by the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

POCOTALIGO, March 27, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

General Lawton reports-

The arms were not seized, but came into the hands of ordnance officer with Confederate arms, and without notice of State's claim until they were shipped. Those arms cannot be recovered, as they were shipped to Tennessee, Richmond, and other places, but can be replaced by others to arrive from Florida.

Shall they be so replaced?

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., March 28, 1862.

General PEMBERTON,

Pocotaligo, S. C.:

Replace the arms belonging to Georgia when you receive others.

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

