
Governor Pickens has already been informed by telegraph that movements of this character can only be decided by the officer in command of the Department, although the matter is respectfully referred for your further consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. WASHINGTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., April 3, 1862.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,Commanding, &amp;c., Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 22nd instant, and to say in reply that the State troops should by all means be retained in the service for the war by the Confederate Government, if possible, and, if not, by the State government. He agrees with you that, "if the entire State forces with their arms could at once be received into the Confederate service, it would add materially to our security." But at all events the troops should be retained, and for the war, and he has advised Governor Brown to this effect.

As regards the matter of the State's undertaking its own defense, he thinks the Confederate Government should do all in its power to protect the State and defend her interests; and if for any reasons it should appear advisable that the State alone and unaided undertake her defense, the proposition should come from her and not from him.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Pocotaligo, April 4, 1862.

Colonel DILWORTH,Tallahassee, Fla.:

By direction of the Secretary of War, you will send at once 1,500 muskets or rifles to Colonel T. M. Jones, at Pensacola, Fla., and report to the War Department by telegraph the number on hand.

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., April 4, 1862.

Major General J. C. PEMBERTON,Commanding Dept. South Carolina and Georgia, Pocotaligo, S. C.:

GENERAL: General R. E. Lee, commanding, directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 27th ultimo, in which you report that you have directed the withdrawal of the guns and troops from the batteries at Georgetown and on Cole's Island. Since the receipt of your letter a communication has been written by Governor Pickens, representing the exposed condition to which the inhabitants and much property must be subjected in the country about Georgetown, and also that the enemy's gunboats easily ascend the river to the railroad unless there be interposed sufficient guns and troops to prevent them.

In view of these facts, the general commanding suggests the propriety of complying with the governor's suggestions at least until such a time as would enable the planters, &c., to remove their property, and also to allow time to those who desire it to move away themselves.

In conclusion, it is respectfully submitted to your judgment whether, in order to preserve harmony between the State and Confederate authorities, it would not be better to notify the governor whenever you determine to abandon any position of your line of defenses, in order that he may give due notice to the inhabitants to look out for their security.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. WASHINGTON,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

