
The works are uninjured, having received no orders to destroy them, and deeming it inexpedient to do so.

The command of the district I have turned over to Colonel R. F. Graham, commanding Twenty-first Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, with the following-named force under him:

State defense: Twenty-first Regiment, R. F. Graham, commandant, ten companies, 700 men; battalion, R. Nesbit, commandant, seven companies, 500 men. Fourth Battalion Cavalry, Major J. C. Wilson, four companies, 240 men; Tucker's cavalry, one company, 115 men.

For the war unconditionally: Ward's light battery, six pieces, one company, 112 men.

The district in its present defenseless condition requires a considerable cavalry force as a coast-guard and police force. The five companies left there are, I think, sufficient for that purpose. The infantry can be of but little use, and I think it would be better to place them on the line of railroad [Kingstree], from which point they could be easily moved in any direction in the State where their services may be needed. At Georgetown where they now are, it would be a three days' march to reach any point on the railroad, and requires by the ordinary mail route two days nearly to convey information to them. I arrived here on the 3rd instant with Tenth Regiment, 903 strong, having left behind, sick and convalescents, 123 men, the greater portion of whom will rejoin me on Tuesday next, also 77 men on furlough at that time, 30 of whom are on thirty days' furlough. Aggregate strength, 1,103.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. M. MANIGAULT,

Colonel Tenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

STATE OF FLORIDA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Tallahassee, April 7, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

SIR: The retiring of forces from Fernandina and the Saint John's River was attended with the loss of nearly all our guns, &amp;c. The transportation of the arms and munitions of war from Smyrna has also been so mismanaged as to cause heavy losses. The causes should be promptly and rigidly inquired into.

The troops have become demoralized, and the faith of many citizens in the integrity and ability of the Government impaired.

The enemy is in possession of all of Florida east of the Saint John's River, and doubtless intend to take this place and hold Saint Mark's and Apalachicola.

The forces which were in Fernandina and are now here, if properly commanded, are enough to drive the enemy from the State.

The militia have not yet been ordered into the field, first because of the difficulty of procuring subsistence and arms, secondly because, from the prejudices excited, it would be difficult to preserve harmony between them and those in Confederate service.

I have recommended General Richard F. Floyd to be appointed brigadier-general and assigned to this military department. He is brave and yet prudent, and commands the confidence not only of the citizens [militia], but of those in Confederate service. He was in command at Apalachicola until the troops were retired from that place, and if we

