SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 79. Richmond, Va., April 7, 1862.

*			*			*			*			*

X. Major-General Pemberton's command is extended so as to include Eastern and Middle Florida as far west as the Choctawhatchie River.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Pocotaligo, April 8, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS F. DRAYTON,

Commanding Sixt Military District South Carolina:

GENERAL: I desire you to proceed with as little delay as possible to the city of Augusta, Ga., and confer with the mayor, R. H. May, esq., in relation to the immediate connection through Augusta of the Waynesborough and Augusta and South Carolina Railroads. You will explain to the city authorities and to the presidents and directors of the railroad companies that this measure is a military necessity, which I trust those interested will acknowledge. It is only necessary to revert to the important fact that, should the enemy cut the Charleston and Savannah Railroad, there will be no direct communication between the cities of Charleston and Savannah by railroad unless this connection is made. I am informed by his excellency Gov. J. E. Brown, of Georgia, that the route through Augusta proposed by Dr. Willis, president of the Waynesborough and Augusta road, and which he is willing to construct at the expense of the company, is the shortest; and being, for military necessities, the proper route, you will therefore require the said connection to be made by this route, and as expeditiously as possible.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Savannah, Ga., April 8, 1862.

Captain N. C. TILTON,Assistant Quartermaster, P. A. C. S.:

CAPTAIN: The major-general commanding department directs that you proceed at once to Tallahassee and other points in Florida, and collect such of the arms recently landed in Florida belonging to the Confederate States as may be in the possession of parties not authorized by the Government of the Confederate States to hold them. You will call on Governor Milton, of Florida, and the commanding officer at Tallahassee, for such assistance as you may require, in order to secure the arms referred to. After executing this order you will report immediately, first by telegraph and then by letter.

I am, respectfully, &c.,

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

