
to be. These are all troops for local defense. Great stress has been laid by some who have objected to the removal of the guns from Georgetown on the asserted fact that but 8 feet can come over the bar. In reply I will only state that the Nashville, drawing 11 feet, passed in and out under a midshipman at less than half tide and without detention. Gunboats drawing over 12 feet might therefore readily engage our batteries, and to oppose them we had in position two 32-pounders, six 24 pounders, four 18-pounders, one 12-pounder rifled, one 6-pounder rifled, two 12-pounders rifled, two 12-pounder howitzers.

In my estimation such a battery was worse than useless, and if the destruction of the railroad bridge was an object, the capture of the guns would only have added a certain eclat. I will add further on this subject that almost two weeks before I issued the order in question I mentioned to General Gist, then adjutant and inspector general of the State, that I thought seriously of withdrawing the batteries from Georgetown, and he has since informed me that he stated to the governor and council that I contemplated so doing.

I will, however, in future be more particular in giving notice of any intended change, and have in fact done so to the planters interested in the Ashepoo. As to the probable speedy withdrawal of the battery from Chapman's fort, so far as I am aware, I beg to assure the general commanding that perfect harmony exists between the Confederate States authorities, as represented by myself, and the government of South Carolina, notwithstanding the difference of opinion on the subject in question. Of this I am assured, having had several interviews with his excellency Governor Pickens since the date of his letter to the general commanding.

As regards Cole's Island, the guns are still in position and will remain so until the works on Stono River are ready to receive them, which I trust will be in a very few days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 80. Richmond, Va., April 8, 1862.

*			*			*			*			*

VI. Brigadier General Joseph Finegan will report to Major-General Pemberton, commanding, &amp;c., for assignment to the command of the Department of Eastern and Middle Florida.

*			*			*			*			*

XXII. Brigadier General S. R. Gist will report for duty to Major-General Pemberton, commanding Department of South Carolina and Georgia.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of the Secretary of War.

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, &c., Pocotaligo, April 9, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a letter addressed by me to General H. C. Wayne, adjutant and inspector

