
brigade, the two South Carolina d regiments, and the two regiments of Georgia State troops would be sent from your department to re-enforce him temporarily, and that they must be returned to you as soon as their services can be dispensed with.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. WASHINGTON,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBIA, April 111, 1862.

General PEMBERTON:

Telegraph received. Ripley has two raw regiments and also twelve new Charleston companies, just mustered in and well armed. I hope, therefore, it is not necessary to withdraw the troops from Georgetown, for it is the only protection they can have, even for domestic police. Colonel Manigault's Georgetown regiment is one of the-to send to Corinth, together with the regulars.

Very respectfully,

F. W. PICKENS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, &amp;c., Pocotaligo, April 11, 1862.

General N. G. EVANS,Commanding Third Military District:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say to you that he desires you to look rather to the approach of the enemy by the Willstown road than to the holding of the point of your line. You will therefore make such disposition of the troops of your district as will enable you to concentrate towards Rantowles Bridge, to resist the enemy should he approach in that direction. The general also suggests the immediate withdrawal of all batteries not absolutely necessary to the protection of Charleston. We need all the guns we can obtain for the defense of our extensive interior lines of entrenchments. Two regiments have been ordered to Tennessee from General Ripley's command and two from the Fifth Military District. It becomes therefore more necessary for you to have your forces in hand and aid General Ripley if called upon.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, &C., Pocotaligo, April 11, 1862.

Brigadier General MAXCY GREGG,Commanding Fourth Military District:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Pemberton to say to you that you will immediately assume command of what is at this time and under existing order known as the Fourth and Fifth Military Districts, that is, the old Fourth Military District, recently commanded by himself.

The general goes to Savannah early in the morning and will remain

