
marched down the island in three columns, and attacked and partially burned the camp of the Sixth New York Volunteers. They were promptly met and driven by the regulars of the fort, and a small number of Zouaves, under Major Arnold, of the First Artillery, to their place of landing, and left the island under a well-directed and deliberate fire of our musketry, within good range, which must have done great execution, their boats being densely crowded. Their departure was hailed with three heavy cheers from our gallant soldiers, which were received with the most solemn silence. We have about a dozen of their dead; some 30 prisoners, including 5 officers. Our loss is, of regulars, 5 killed, about 15 wounded, and 8 missing, including 1 officer, Major Vogdes, who was taken prisoner early in the action; of the volunteers, 7 killed, 8 or 9 wounded, and 10 missing. I will make a detailed report so soon as I can receive those of Major Arnold and the officers engaged.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARVEY BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA, Fort Pickens, October 11, 1861.

COLONEL: I briefly reported to you on the 9th instant that the rebels had landed on this island, partially destroyed the camp of the Sixth Regiment New York Volunteers, and been driven off by our troops. I now report in more detail the events of the attack.

For the better understanding of the several movements it may be well to state that the enemy landed about 4 miles from this fort, [the place may be recognized on the map by three ponds and a mound]; that the island there is about three-quarters of a mile wide; that a short distance below it narrows to some 200 hundred yards, then widens again, and at the camp the distance across is about five-eighths of a mile; that a succession of three or four sand ridges run on the sea-side parallel to the coast along the island, and low, swampy ground, interspersed with sand hillocks, some bushes, and a few trees, extends along the harbor side, both shores being sandy beach. Wilson's camp is near the sea-coast and a short mile from the fort. The two batteries spoken of in his report, and to which he retreated, Batteries Lincoln and Totten, are, the first on the harbor, and the other on the Gulf side, about 400 yards from Fort Pickens.

About 2 o'clock on the morning of the 9th instant I was awakened by the officer of the day, who reported that a picket driven in had reported the landing of 60 men on the point. Having little confidence in the correctness of this report I directed that no alarm should be made, and shortly after he reported that the alarm was false. About 3.30 o'clock he again reported that volleys of musketry were heard at the camp of the Sixth New York Volunteers. I immediately ordered the roll to be beaten, Major Vogdes to take two companies and proceed to the spot, and major Arnold to man the guns on the ramparts on that face. About half an hour after this time the firing was heavy and the light of the burning camp seen, and I sent a staff officer to communicate with Major Vogdes, who returned very soon, and said that he had fallen in with a large body of the enemy on the inside shore, and could not find the major. I immediately ordered Major Arnold to pro-

