
The enemy's loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners left in our hands [they carried off all those killed on the boats and many of those wounded on the shore], amounts to 1 captain and 15 enlisted men killed, and 1 lieutenant and 5 enlisted men wounded, and 6 commissioned officers and 27 enlisted men prisoners.

Respectfully submitted.

L. G. ARNOLD,

Major First Artillery, Commanding.

Lieutenant F. W. SEELEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Dept. of Florida.

FORT PICKENS, FLA., December 24, 1861.

COLONEL: My attention has been called to an error as regards time in my report of the engagement of the troops under my command with the rebels on Santa Rosa Island, October 9, 1861, which error I perceive has been adopted in your published report of the same engagement. It is really not of much moment, but I consider it due to Lieutenant Shipley and his company [C, Third Infantry] and to truth to correct it. Quotation from my report:

I proceeded with the balance of the command, Lieutenant Shipley, with his company [C, Third Infantry], leading off, within supporting distance of Captain Robertson, which portion of the command was unfortunately delayed about fifteen minutes by having to turn a swamp which intervened.

Instead of fifteen minutes, it should have been five minutes. Both companies behaved handsomely, firing on the enemy with great effect, and deserve much more credit than has been accorded to them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. G. ARNOLD,

Major, First Artillery.

Colonel HARVEY BROWN,

Commanding Department of Florida.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA, Fort Pickens, December 25, 1861.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General, with a request that my report and that of Major Arnold may be altered so as to conform to the within statement.

I desire also to correct another error. Captain Dobie himself did good service on the night of the 9th October, but his company did nothing worthy of notice.

HARVEY BROWN,Colonel, Commanding.

No. 4. Reports of Colonel William Wilson, Sixth New York Infantry.

CAMP BROWN, FORT PICKENS, FLA., Sixth Regiment N. Y. S. V., October 11, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 9th instant, at about 3.30 o'clock, the camp was alarmed by rapid discharges and

