
pushed my guard forward at double-quick, and succeeded in capturing 2 of them. They proved to be a party of stragglers from the main body of the enemy. No sooner were my prisoners secured than I heard sharp firing in rear, showing that our command was engaged with the enemy. I immediately fell back with my party and joined our main body, which I found under command of Captain Hildt, Third Infantry, Major Vogdes having been taken prisoner by the enemy, whose whole force was posted about 25 or 30 yards in front of our command. By direction of captain Hildt I then took command of our right, and, ably assisted by Lieutenant Taylor, First Artillery, posted our men as advantageously as the ground would permit. The enemy then opened a pretty sharp fire on us, which our men turned with spirit.

Our force actually engaged at this time was about 75 or 80 men, while that of the enemy was about 1,000, as we have since ascertained. Notwithstanding this disparity of numbers, our men, under the able command of Captain Hildt, bravely held their ground until the enemy made a movement evidently with the intention of attacking our left flank, when Captain Hildt gave orders to fall back gradually towards the south beach, which our men executed in good style, carrying off our wounded, facing about occasionally and delivering their fire. Soon after we took 3 army surgeons and 8 enlisted men belonging to the enemy prisoners, and Captain Hildt sent them under proper guard to the fort. As soon as the enemy found his front clear he continued his retreat up the island. We remained, collecting and caring for our wounded, until your command came up. We had 4 men killed, 20 wounded, and 1 officer (Major Vogdes) and 8 men missing. During the whole action our men behaved admirably, loading and firing with perfect coolness. Of those who were particularly distinguished for their coolness and bravery mention has, I believe, been made by Captain Hildt in his official report of the affair.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEELEY,

First Lieutenant, Fourth Artillery.

Major LEWIS G. ARNOLD,

First Artillery, U. S. Army.

Numbers 12. Report of Lieutenant Richard H. Jackson, First U. S. Artillery.

FORT PICKENS, FLA., October 10, 1861.

SIR: In accordance with your directions I have the honor to report that a little after daybreak yesterday morning I was ordered by Colonel Brown to follow your command and take any meant hat I could find who in the darkness of the night might have become separated from Major Vogdes' command, as well as any of Colonel Wilson's men who could be picked up, and with them proceed to join your command, and to give instructions to the officers commanding detachments who might be in your rear to follow promptly to your support. I proceeded at once to Colonel Wilson's encampment and collected about 80 men of his regiment and 3 officers. I immediately formed than and proceeded at their head to join you. After marching at double-quick for about a mile, I heard heavy firing on the beach, and seeing a swamp in front of me, I galloped ahead of my detachment in order to select the shortest route

