
close reconnaissances, on which the expedition was based, and for the secret and complete organization which insured its success.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL C. S. ARMY,

Richmond, Va.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TROOPS C. S., Numbers 108. Near Pensacola, Fla., October 10, 1861.

I. Brigadier General R. H. Anderson and the officers and men of his command will accept the thanks of the major-general commanding for their gallant expedition of Tuesday night. The object was attained, and the enemy taught a severe lesson for his marauding parties, which have recently annoyed us. The sacrifice which must be made in such exploits was not unexpected, and we can only mourn the loss of our gallant comrades, whilst we prepare to meet their fate and deserve their honors.

II. The circumstances attending this affair should teach us the necessity of vigilance, our success being greatly aided by the want of it on the part of the enemy, and especially as an attempt at retaliation may be expected.

By command of Major-General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 15. Report of Brigadier General Richard H. Anderson, C. S. Army, commanding expedition.

PENSACOLA, FLA., October 23, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the affair on Santa Rosa Island on the night of the 8th and morning of the 9th of October:

The detachments which had ben ordered to assemble at the navy-yard arrived at the hour appointed, and were embarked in good order on the steamer Time. Whilst proceeding from the navy-yard to Pensacola the troops were divided into battalions, as follows:

The First Battalion, 350 strong, to the command of which Colonel James R. Chalmers, Ninth Mississippi Regiment, was assigned, was composed of detachment from the Ninth and Tenth Mississippi and First Alabama Regiments. Three companies of the Seventh Regiment Alabama Volunteers, two companies of Louisiana infantry, and two companies of the First Regiment of Florida Volunteers, composed the Second Battalion, 400 strong, to the command of which Colonel J. Patton Anderson, First Regiment Florida Volunteers, was assigned. The Third Battalion, 260 strong, under command of Colonel John K. Jackson, Fifth Regiment Georgia Volunteers, was composed of detachments from the Fifth Georgia Regiment and the Georgia Battalion. An independent company of 53 men, selected from the Fifth Georgia Regiment, and Captain Homer's company of artillery, lightly armed with pistols and knives, carrying materials for spiking cannon, burning and destroying

