HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA,Fort Pickens, December 2, 1861.

GENERAL: I herewith forward you the report of Major Lewis G. Arnold of the bombardment on the 22nd and 23rd ultimo, with the sub-reports of as to be forwarded with my own. The bombardment having discovered to us the position and number of the enemy's batteries and of the number and caliber of the guns, and which we find to be more and heavier than we supposed, na done or two of them so placed as tot take us in rear in case of a night attack in front, I have, by the unanimous opinion of my officers, though, I acknowledge, not entirely in accordance with my own, in consideration of the reduced number and our receiving no re-enforcement, decided very considerably to contract my line of defense. The safety of the fort being paramount to every other consideration, I have brought the Sixth Regiment near the fort, partially abandoned Batteries Lincoln, Cameron, and Totten, and greatly strengthened the fort and Battery Scott. When the proposed change now being made is effected, the fort will be entirely secure under any and every contingency. I must, however, retreat that my present force is entirely inadequate to the defense of the island, and that I cannot prevent a landing of the enemy at some distance and his erecting batteries against the ships, and, doing so, with one rifled gun he could drive them all away.

The enemy have two regiments at Deer (City) Point and are erecting batteries there, which, in case of our taking the offensive and occupying the harbor, will give us great annoyance. Two contrabands came in this morning. They state the loss of the enemy in killed at 40; wounded not known. Colonel Villepigue severely wounded dy a splinter at Fort McRee. About two-thirds of Warrington and of Woolsey are burned, and the navy-yard building with a great many holes in them. If I had had carcasses and rock-fire, which I have been vainly trying to get ever since my first arrival here, I think I could have destroyed many, if not the most, of the buildings. I tried them with hot shot and with shells having pieces of port-fire in them, but could not succeed in firing them.

I forward a list of the casualties on the 22nd and 23rd November.* Two of the men wounded by the unfortunate accident of the 25th have died, and I fear one more will die.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

HARVEY BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Lewis G. Arnold, First U. S. Artillery, Commanding Batteries.

FORT PICKENS, FLA., November 25, 1861.

COLONEL: In obedience to your instructions I have the honor to report the service of the batteries in the fort proper, and of Batteries

---------------

*The list shows 1 killed and 7 wounded.

---------------

