
for valuable services in purveying shot, shell, and powder, and for performing guard duty the two days of the bombardment.

Respectfully submitted.

L. G. ARNOLD,

Major, U. S. Army, Commanding Batteries.

Colonel HARVEY BROWN,

Commanding Fort Pickens, &amp;c.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain Richard C. Duryea, First U. S. Artillery.

FORT PICKENS, FLA., November 25, 1861.

SIR: In obedience to the instructions of the colonel commanding I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken in the bombardment of the 22nd and 23rd instant by Battery Scott, consisting of one rifled 42-pounder, two 10-inch columbiads, two 10-inch sea-coast mortars, and one 10-inch siege mortar, manned by Company F, First Regiment of Artillery.

Throughout the entire day *the 22) the fire from all these piece except the siege mortar (the range of this not being sufficiently great) was directed upon Fort McRee and the batteries in it immediate vicinity. The return fire from Fort McRee continued throughout the day, but much slackened towards night, and on the following day it did not return our fire. The sand battery near McRee ceased firing about 3 p. m. on the first day, but reopened on the second and continued until nearly night.

From my own observation and from others who had opportunities of observing I should judge the fire from our battery (particularly of the columbiads) was quite effective, but what damage was done besides the mere driving of the enemy from their guns I cannot say.

The following is the practical results of the firing: With the filed gun, distance 2,060 yards, elevation 5 1/2 deg., the fire was effective; beyond that range, uncertain. With columbiads, distance 2,060 yards, charge 12-pounds, elevation 7 1/2 deg. to 8 deg., fuse 8 seconds, very effective. From the mortars, on account of the inequality of powder, several shells were thrown away. The most satisfactory results are as follows: For a distance of 2,060 yards, a charge of 3 pounds 6 ounces, and fuse 21 to 22 seconds; for distance of 2,560 yards, a charge of 4 pounds 12 ounces, and fuse 24 to 25 second.

In conclusion, I cannot too highly speak of the invaluable assistance rendered me by Lieutenant Closson. The gunners-Sergeants Morgan, Mahon, Chilcutt, and Grimes; Corporals Burdell, Cronin, Harris, Capron; and Musician Walker, Artificers Gilbert and Connerty, and Privates Lavery, McCormick, Mack, and Moore-behaved with admirable coolness, while all others in their less responsible positions did well their duty.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DURYEA,

Captain, First Artillery, Codmg. Co. F. and Battery Scott.

Major LEWIS G. ARNOLD,

First Regiment of Artillery.

