
was for three of the gunboats to operate from Coosaw River and two from Broad River, both entering the Port Royal channel, and moving the former towards the ferry and the latter towards Seabrook. A force was as early dawn to effect a landing at some convenient point on the right, move rapidly towards the fort, whilst simultaneously should operate from the ferry and from Seabrook.

On the 31st instant, leaving two companies of the Roundhead [One hundredth, and one company at the cross-roads, 3 miles from this place, to relieve the two companies of the Fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers there on duty, I advanced the remaining eight companies of the Roundhead Regiment to the advanced posts on the island. I withdrew, at the same time, seven companies of the Seventy-ninth New York (Highlanders) from these advanced posts for the operation on our right. At Seabrook two companies of the Highlanders and two companies of the Roundheads, under Captain Elliott, of the Highlanders, were to cross the river, land on the main, destroy the enemy's works, and bring away his guns and other property. At the ferry one company of Highlanders and four companies of the Roundheads were to observe the enemy and cross over should circumstances favor it. At the point running down from the ferry opposite to the Brick-yard Ransom's two guns of Hamilton's battery were placed to cover the advance of the land party and to act according to circumstances. The entire remaining force, consisting of seven companies of Highlanders, Major Morrison; the Eighth Michigan, Colonel Fenton; Fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Christ; the Forty-seventh New York, Lieutenant-Colonel Fraser, and the Forty-eighth New York, Colonel Perry, were destined to form the land party, to operate against the enemy's left.

Ever since my occupation of this island I had taken great pains to collect every boast and flat that could be found, and in consequence had already at Seabrook and the ferry transportation enough to cross the two bodies of troops in position there. These boast I caused to be prepared for their work. I sent up all the boat and flats I caused to be prepared for their work. I sent up all the boats and flats I had at Beaufort and could find at other points on the nights of the 30th-31st, to a secure and good landing on the creek which into the Coosaw at the Brickyard and well up the creek, so as to be screened from the observation of the enemy, and from this point I designed by one embarkation to cross to the main that portion of the party which belonged to my own brigade.

At 12 m . of the 31st Captain Rodgers, in command of the naval portion of the expedition, arrived with the Ottawa and the Pembina, and towards night was joined by the Hale, the force destined to operate from the Coosaw, and we arranged the details of the joint operation, and especially agreed upon the signals which would enable us to act in concert in engaging the enemy. About dark Colonel Perry, Forty-eight New York, and Lieutenant-Colonel Fraser, Forty-seventh New York, arrived from Hilton Hed. They were ordered to follow the gunboats, effect a landing at the Adams house, and act in co-operation with the party which were to cross the river in flat-boats.

It was expected that the landing from the flat-boats would have been made at daylight, and that the gunboats, creeping up the Port Royal channel at night-fall of the 31st to within a short distance of the Brick-yards, and passing through that channel at daylight, would appear in the Coosaw shortly afterwards, and thus aid in the advance of the land forces. These forces were, in crossing the river, to be accompanied by four launches, under the personal command of Captain Rodgers, each

