
C, barbette, was served by 14 men, two detachments, relieved every two hours, and the three rifled guns in bastion D, casemate, by the remainder of the company; the columbiad firing every fifteen minutes and each rifled gun at the same rate a greater portion of the time and every half hour the remainder. The columbiad was pointed first on the navy-yard, but on account of the smoke, which concealed it entirely, an opening was made in the epaulement, and the gun turned on Fort Barrancas, where it continued to fire the first day. On the second day Lieutenant Seeley had charge of it, with the same detachments. The rifled guns were fired at two batteries near the light-house with the same charges and elevations. Shot were observed to fall in the water, to strike the battery, and sometimes, not being seen, were believed to pass over the object. The guns or shot appear to be defective, and not to be relied on. Great care was taken in pointing, and every shot watched by men on the parapet as well as below. The whole company were zealous and active, and gave entire satisfaction.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. A. ALLEN,

Captain, Second Artillery.

Major ARNOLD,

First Artillery, Commanding Batteries.

Numbers 7. Report of Lieutenant A. C. M. Pennington, Second U. S. Artillery.

FORT PICKENS, FLA., November 25, 1861.

Pursuant to your instructions I have the honor to submit the following report of the service done by Battery Cameron, which I commanded during the bombardment of Fort Pickens on the 22nd and 23rd of November. My battery consisted of two 10-inch columbiads on the first day, and of the same, with the addition of a 10-pounder Parrott rifled of fire from the eastern extremity of the navy-yard to a point a short distance west of a battery known as the church battery (a haxo-casemate, containing a heavy shell gun). With the other I had a field of fire from a point above the Marine Barracks, at the west end of the navy-yard, to a short distance below a battery, consisting of three guns, known as Wheat's battery.

The steamer Time making her appearance at the navy-yard about 9.30 o'clock a. m., I pointed my right-hand gun at it, and my other I directed at the church battery. At the signal gun from the fort I opened the fire from my battery, but from the great number of shot fired I could not determine the effect of my fire. I kept up my fire with one gun on the steamer for some time, and I think with good effect, as several shells burst near her smoke-stakes, and others, I think, struck and burst near her bow. As Battery Lincoln was keeping up a fire upon he with rifled shell I turned this gun upon the church battery and the other I directed upon the Wheat battery, not, however, till it had done good service in doing considerable damage to the church battery while the other was firing on the steamer. Until late in the afternoon I kept the two guns on these batteries, keeping up a well-directed and very effective fire upon them. About an hour before sundown I again directed my right-hand gun upon the steamer, one shot

