
striking in her stern. Whether any serious damage was done to the guns in the batteries or the men serving them I am unable to state, owing to the great distance from my battery.

On the second day my guns were directed on the same batteries as the day previous almost uninterruptedly till late in the afternoon, when I fired with one gun effect. I fired with the 10-pounder rifled gun upon the two batteries alternately, nearly every shot striking in and around the battery at which it was directed as near as I could determine.

I had no casualties at the battery, which was ably and zealously served by Company I, Sixth Regiment New York Volunteers. All the men behaved with great coolness and did good service at the guns. My thanks are due to Captain Bailey and Lieutenants Kaufman and Spence, of Company I, Sixth New York Volunteers, for their efficient co-operation during the two days' firing. Lieutenant Kaufman had charge of one of the columbiads and made very effective shots. I had two privates and a corporal of Company H, Second U. S. Artillery, to attend to the service at the magazines, which duty they performed admirably. The corporal (Corporal Nolan) acted as gunner of one of the guns, directing his gun with great care and making effective shots.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. M. PENNINGTON,

First Lieutenant, Second Artillery, Commanding Battery Cameron.

Major LEWIS G. ARNOLD,

First Regiment Artillery, U. S. Army, Commanding Batteries.

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant Francis W. Seeley, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

FORT PICKENS, FLA., November 25, 1861.

MAJOR: Pursuant to your instructions I have the honor to submit the following report of the participation of the guns which I commanded int he bombardment of the enemy's position on the 22nd and 23rd of November, 1861:

On the morning of the 22nd, pursuant to orders received from you, I took up my position with a Parrott 10-pounder rifled gun, a detachment of 11 artillery-men, and one company of New York volunteers, commanded by First Lieutenant Jacob Silloway, as a supporting force, at the old Spanish Fort opposite the navy-yard. At 8 o'clock a. m., on hearing the first gun from the fort, I opened fire on the steamer Time, then lying at the navy-yard, as were also the Neffie and another armed tug-boat. I fired about fifteen shells in rapid succession, putting nearly every one of them into the steamer Time. Several shots from the fort also struckher, by which time she seemed completely disabled. One of my shots must have penetrated her boilers, as immediately after it was delivered the steam was seen escaping in dense clouds from under her guards. I also put a shell through each of her shells. Two of the steamers (the Time and one of the tugs) were then abandoned by the enemy, but the Neaffie succeeded in making her escape up he bay towards Pensacola, although I think she must have been seriously injured, as she moved very slowly and I distinctly saw two shots strike her.

The enemy by that time appeared to have abandoned the navy-yard,

31 R R-VOL VI

