
From those the fire spread rapidly towards the navy-yard, and some buildings in its immediate vicinity are known to be burned. The firing from the casemate columbiads was steadily kept up with good effect on the same battery as the day before. The incumbered gun was used for throwing solid shot. The casemate fire was admirably served by First Sergt. Edward O'Brien, of Company A, First Artillery, and did good execution.

In Conclusion, I take great pleasure in calling the attention of the colonel commanding to the zealous and efficient manner in which Second Lieutenant F. E. Taylor, First Artillery, performed his duties throughout the bombardment. He was placed in charge of the 10-inch columbiad and the barbette rifle, where he displayed great coolness and remained constantly at his post. I have also the pleasure of directing the colonel's attention to the good conduct, coolness, and excellent services of First Sergt. Edward O'Brien and of Corporals John Freeney and John Clancy, of Company A, First Artillery. All of the men of the company behaved so well that it would be invidious to make a distinction between them.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. F. CHALFIN,

Captain, Fifth Artillery, Commanding Company A, First Artillery.

Major LEWIS G. ARNOLD,

First Artillery, Commanding Batteries, Fort Pickens, Fla.

Numbers 10. Report of Captain Loomis L. Langdon, First U. S. Artillery.

FORT PICKENS, FLA., November 25, 1861.

SIR: Pursuant to instructions from the colonel commanding, I have the honor to report as correctly as I can the service rendered by the battery under my command during the bombardment of the 22nd and 23rd of November.

This battery, consisting of four 10-inch sea-coast mortars, was directed at the opening of the firing on the steamers lying at the navy-yard wharf. One or two effective shots were made, but the result of the firing being unsatisfactory, the mortars were directed to Fort Barrancas and the sand battery to the left of Fort McRee. The firing at the latter was the best. So many shots were being thrown at Fort Barrancas from other guns that I was unable to mark the effect of mine. In the afternoon the mortars were fired more slowly and greater care taken to distinguish the shots. A marked improvement in the firing was observed. The last shots were fired after dark, during the rain-storm, and were thrown at Fort Barrancas.

On the second day (the 23rd) I had a table of fire carefully kept, and the range, charge, length of fuse, and effect of each shot accurately noted. The navy-yard and sand battery near Fort McRee received all my attention, two mortars being directed at each point the whole day, and the firing slow and regular. The effect was very satisfactory, and after the signal was hoisted on the Niagara "Too great a range," I succeeded in placing the shells with good effect.

The men behaved admirably, exposed as they were without a splinter proof and to the falling bricks and earth bricks and earth from the parapet above. The fragments of bursting shells frequently came among them, and a shell

