
Numbers 14. Report of Lieutenant Walter McFarland, U. S. Corps of Engineers.

FORT PICKENS, FLA., November 25, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report as follows concerning the operations of the 10-inch columbiad in the salient of the covered way under my command during the bombardment of the 22nd and 23rd of November:

Firing was commenced about 10 o'clock a. m. on the 22nd, directed upon the steamer Time, lying at the navy-yard wharf, 3,200 yards distant, and was continued for about two hours, with what effect i could not ascertain, other than that the steamer was several times hit. The piece was then directed upon Wheat's battery, a little to the east of the Marine Hospital, and fired upon it uninterruptedly during the remainder of the day, making for that range (2,200 yards) some very excellent firing, but whether or not to the serious detriment of the enemy it was impossible for me to determine. Firing ceased at dark, after we had thrown 59 shell, 50 of which were navy shell, the remainder 10-inch columbiad shell.

Firing was resumed the next morning at about the same hour, directed upon the same point (Wheat's battery), limited by order to one round in fifteen minutes, and was continued with similar results until nightfall, when we stopped, having fired 31 rounds.

The conduct of the men was excellent, and though subjected to a heavy direct fire from six 10-inch guns, seven or eight guns of smaller caliber, and three or four heavy mortars, as well as a reversed fire from Fort McRee and the batteries adjoining, I have no casualties to report. Sergeant Ohlenroth, of Company C, Second Artillery, acted as gunner during the entire bombardment, and the excellent firing of the piece is chiefly due to his exertions.

I beg leave to call your attention to the fact that neighed the columbiad shells nor the fuses furnished were of the proper quality; the shells breaking so uniformly in the piece that I was compelled to reduce the charge 1 pound, making it 11 pounds, and the fuses, in perhaps a major of cases, failing to ignite, though treated with the utmost care.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WALTER MCFARLAND,

First Lieutenant, Engineers, Commanding Battery in covered way.

Major LEWIS G. ARNOLD,

First Artillery, Commanding Batteries.

Numbers 15. Reports of Major General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army, Commanding Army of Pensacola.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF PENSACOLA,Near Pensacola, Fla., November 25, 1961.

SIR: As you were advised by telegraph at 9.30 a. m., on the 22nd the enemy open fire on our lines, without notice, from Fort Pickens and his sand batteries. Shortly thereafter his two large naval steamers off our harbor took us position and joined in the conflict. We responded from such of our guns as were best calculated to damage him in a contest

