
at long range. His fire was first directed on the navy-yard, where our transportation steamer had just arrived heavily loaded, but in a short time our whole line was enveloped in a terrific fire, which was kept up without intermission until darkness put na end to it. Fort McRee seemed to be the main point of attack, the ships, the heaviest out-batteries, and a large portion of Fort Pickens devoting their entire time to it. Knowing the condition of it, I felt great apprehension, but was strengthened in my hope by the confidence I had in its noble commander, Colonel Villepigue, and his brave garrison of Georgians and Mississippians.

Our casualties for the day, thanks to the enemy's wild firing, were only 9 wounded, 2 mortally, 2 severely, and 5 slightly, Colonel Willepigue among the latter. Five valuable lives were lost in addition near Fort McRee by an unfornutate accident.

The conflict was renewed at 10 a. m. the next day, and continued on our part until dark, by the enemy until 12 at night, a few random shots only being fire dafter that until 4 a. m., when a single 10-inch shell from our side announced our wakefulness, but respect for the Sabbath and quiet ringed. The firing was steady and regular for the whole day, only one ship being engaged, the other apparently crippled. Thanks to the prudent care of their officers, the wild firing of the enemy, and, above all, to the visible and acknowledged preservation of merciful Providence, not a casualty occurred for the whole day.

Yesterday and to-day the enemy has not renewed the contest, and, for reasons which the Department will appreciate, it is not my policy to do so. Their ships, both crippled, are withdrawn to their former anchorage, a miserable failure being their reward for commencing an engagement without notice, by firing into houses they knew to be occupied by women and children, and closing it by disgracefully violating the hospital flag, in accordance with a forme barbarous threat.

When the more circumstantial reports of subordinates are received the Department shall have a detailed account of the whole, when I will endeavor to do justice to individuals and corps. It will suffice to say now that the conduct of my gallant little army fully equaled the high expectation I had formed of it. To Brigadier General R. H. Anderson and A. H. Gladden I am indebted for able support and prudent counsel during the whole time, and the army ill pardon the single exception I make in giving credit at this time to Colonel John B. Villepigue and his Georgians and Mississippians, for their heroic defense of Fort McRee.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL C. S. ARMY,

Richmond, Va.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF PENSACOLA,Near Pensacola, Fla., December 4, 1861.

SIR: The reports of subordinate commanders having been mostly received,* I am enabled to give you a more detailed account of our recent passage at arms with the enemy:

On the morning of the 22nd of November, about 9.30 o'clock, he opened fire from Fort Pickens and all his outer batteries without the slightest

---------------

*That of Brigadier-General Anderson the only one found.

---------------

