
and fully sustains their reputation as gallant veterans. their reports specify the particular corps whose good fortune it was to be actively engaged. Colonel H. D. Clayton, First Regiment of Alabama Volunteers (Gladden's brigade), whose entire regiment served both days at the batteries, has received the just commendation of the general. This gallant regiment has toiled for near ten months in the construction and garnishment of the works they almost despaired of using. Having been the first on the ground, much the largest portion of the labor fell to their lot. When least expected the opportunity has been offered to test their skill, and most nobly have they ailed themselves of it.

A mere narrative of the events at Fort McRee and its sand battery (Gladden's brigade) expresses in eloquent simplicity the heroic conduct of Colonel J. B. Villepigue, and his command of Georgians and Mississippians. An educated soldier, possessing in an eminent degree the love and confidence of his officers and men, he had been specially selected for this important and perilous post. The result fully vindicates the fortunate choice, and presents for our admiration, blended in perfect harmony, the modest but heroic soldier with the humble but confiding Christian.

Three companies of the regiment of Louisiana Infantry (Anderson's brigade), under Lieutenant-Colonel Jaquess, served as many batteries throughout the action most efficiently and gallantly, fully sustaining the high reputation that excellent regiment has achieved for discipline and instruction. Captain Van Benthuysen, with his company Confederate States Marines, served a battery, with one 10-inch columbiad, at the navy-yard, which was constructed by them, in a handsome and efficient manner. All these batteries were exposed to very heavy fire from the enemy during the whole bombardment, and bear marks of having been very often struck, but not a man in either was injured, owing in some measure, no doubt, to the admirable manner in which they have been protected by the labor of the officers and men occupying them. 'The members of my personal staff, who have so long and faithfully served in the discharge of the important but monotonous duties at this station, have placed me under renewed obligations, personal and official, and it is but justice their names should appear in this report. Major George G. Garner, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant J. E. Slaughter, acting inspector-general, Towson Ellis nd Francis S. Parker, jr., aides-de-camp, and H. W. Walter, Mississippi volunteers, acting judge-advocate, were constantly with me throughout the engagement, and bore themselves most gallantry under the heaviest fire in carrying orders and making observations for my use. Majs. L. W. O'Bannon, assistant-quartermaster, and T. M. Jones, commissary of subsistence, and Captain W. R. Boggs, Engineers, when not otherwise engaged in their several departments, were in attendance on the field, sharing its dangers and aiding its operations.

The Honorable A. E. Maxwell, of Florida, a volunteer aide, joined me on the field soon after the action commenced, and participated in all the duties of my staff up to the close. Captain H. Oladowski, C. S. artillery, chief of ordnance, a veteran of many European campaigns, was temporarily absent on duties of his department, but the results of his valuable services were everywhere conspicuous. The admirable manner in which he had supplied the batteries and regulated the affairs of his department generally reflects great credit on his skill and industry.

To First Lieutenant J. E. Slaughter, C. S. Army, acting inspector-general, an officer of fifteen years' unrequited service, I am more indebted, probably,

