
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF PENSACOLA, Numbers 130. Near Pensacola, Fla., November 25, 1861.

The signal success which has crowned our forty hours' conflict with the arrogant and confident enemy, whose Government, it seems, is hourly looking for an announcement of his success in capturing our position, should fill our hearts with gratitude to a merciful Providence. This terrific bombardment, of more than a hundred guns of the heaviest caliber-causing the very earth to tremble around us-has, from the wild firing of the enemy, resulted in the loss of only 7 lives, with 8 wounded, but 2 of them seriously; 5 of the deaths from an accident, and but 2 from the enemy's shot.

We have crippled his ships and driven them off, and forced the garrison of Fort Pickens, in its impotent rage, to slake its revenge by firing into our hospital, and burning the habitations of our innocent women and children, who had been driven therefor by an unannounced storm of shot and shell.

For the coolness, devotion, and conspicuous gallantry of the troops the general tenders his cordial thanks; but for the precision of their firing, in this their first practice, which would have done credit to veterans, he is unable to express his admiration. Their country and their enemy will both remember the 22nd and 23rd of November.

By command of Major-General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 16. Report of Brigadier General Richard H. Anderson, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,Camp near Warrington, Fla., November 28, 1861.

MAJOR: At 10 o'clock a. m. on the 22nd instant the enemy opened fire upon the navy-yard and the batteries in the Second Brigade. This attack was made suddenly and with great fury.

Captain J. T. Wheat, Louisiana infantry, commanding Battery Numbers 2, was the first to return Battery Numbers 1, and Lieutenant G. W. Mader, of the same regiment, commanding one of the mortar batteries, followed a few moments after, and they all replied to the attack as hotly as it had been begun, until the orders of the general commanding, regulating the rate of fire, were communicated to them, and it was then more moderately continued until after dark, when it was suspended on both sides.

Captain A. C. Van Benthuysen, C. S. Marine Corps, who commanded the battery on the stone wharf, misconstruing an order which had been given on the occasion of the Santa Rose expedition, did not open until he received orders to do so. After firing two shots he was ordered to cease, on account of the damage which it was feared the steamer Time, lying at the what, would sustain, by provoking a continued fire in that quarter from the guns of the enemy. The steamer Time and the steam gunboat Nelms were both at the wharf when the attack began, and it seemed to be the design of the enemy to damage or destroy them, but the Nelms made her escape at once, and the Time, although struck by several balls, was not much injured, and effected her escape after dark.

The enemy reopened the fire at about 10 o'clock a. m. on the 23rd, and was responded to until dark, when it again ceased, with the exception of

