
flag, and who for their reward have in several instances had the mortification of seeing their juniors placed over their heads, and who have never heard the first cheering word of approval for their former gallant deeds. The conduct of all was so uniformly gallant and meritorious that I will make no discrimination in naming them, except to express my thanks to Major Arnold, my executive officer, for his able assistance. They are Surgeon Campbell; Major Tower, Engineers; Lieutenant Todd, Ordnance Department; Assistant Surgeon Sutherland; Lieutenant McFarland, Engineers; Captains Allen, Second Artillery; Chalfin, Fifth Artillery; Robertson, Second Artillery; Blunt, Twelfth Infantry; Hildt, Third Infantry; Duryea, Closson, and Langdon, First Artillery; First Lieutenants Shipley, Third Infantry; Jackson, First Artillery; Pennington, Second Artillery; Seeley, Fourth Artillery; and Taylor, First Artillery; and Second Lieutenants Heaton and Bradley, Second Artillery, and Duer, First Artillery, the three last named who now for the first time fleshed their maiden swords.

I also desire to express my decided approbation of the conduct of the non-commissioned officers and privates of my command. Every one did his duty manfully. I commend the former to the notice of the commanding general.

At the commencement of the bombardment the Sixth Regiment New York Volunteers took post at Camp Brown, and I ordered Colonel Dodge to march his regiment (the Seventy-fifth New York) beyond the range of fire. He moved 2 miles up, and guarded us from any attack the enemy might make during the night. This is a fine regiment, and will, I doubt not, do good service when they have the chance.

As I only fired on the steamer to drive her off, as the enemy had done with our boats, and as he opened his batteries on me, I have not deemed it advisable further to pursue the contest, and as he has not renewed, it, I presume it for the present to be ended.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARVEY BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Major General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Pensacola.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF PENSACOLA,Near Pensacola, Fla., January 3, 1862.

SIR: On my way to this point from Mobile on the first instant I was privately advised by telegraph that firing was going on between our batteries and Fort Pickens. I hastened as rapidly as possible, and reached here at 4 a. m. the 2nd. It appearers a small private steamer had been impudently allowed to run to the navy-yard, and was fired on by the enemy at Fort Pickens. This fire was returned by order of Brigadier-General Anderson, in temporary command, and a brisk cannonade was kept up on both sides until dark, when the enemy ceased. Ours was continued irregularly and apparently without effect or an object until stopped by my order. No casualty is reported on our side, and we can see no damage to the enemy. A large and valuable store-house, with considerable property, in the navy-yard, was burned by the enemy's shells

32 R R-VOL VI

