
ings of personal animosity; no desire to harm your citizens, destroy your property, or interfere with any of your lawful rights or your social and local institutions, beyond what the causes herein briefly alluded to may render unavoidable.

Citizens of South Carolina, the civilized world stands appalled at the course you are pursuing; appalled at the course you are pursuing; appalled at the crime you are committing against your own mother-the best, the most enlightened, and heretofore the most prosperous of nations. You are in a state of active rebellion against the laws of your country. You have lawlessly seized upon the forts, arsenals, and other property you are in arms and waging a ruthless war against your constitutional Government, and thus threatening the existence of a Government which you are bound by the terms of a solemn compact to live under and faithfully support. In doing this your are not only undermining and preparing the way for totally ignoring your own political and social existence, but you are threatening the civilized world with the odious sentiment that self-government is impossible with civilized man.

Fellow-citizens, I implore you to pause and reflect upon the tenor and the consequences of your acts. If the awful sacrifices made by the devastation of our property, the shedding of fraternal blood in battle, the mourning and wailing of widows and orphans throughout our land, are insufficient to deter you from further pursuing this unholy war, then ponder, I beseech you, upon the ultimate but not less certain results which its much further progress must necessarily and naturally entail upon your once happy and prosperous State. Indeed, can you pursue this fratricidal war and continue to imbrue your hands in the loyal blood of your countrymen, your friends, your kinsmen, for no other object than to unlawfully disrupt the confederacy of a great people-a confederacy established by your own hands-in order to set up, were it possible, an independent government, under which you can never line in peace, prosperity, or quietness?

Carolinians, we have come among you as loyal men, fully impressed with our constitutional obligations to the citizens of your State. Those obligations shall be performed as far as in our power. But be not deceived. The obligation of suppressing armed combinations against the constitutional authorities is paramount to all others. If in the performance of this duty other minor but important obligations should be in any way neglected, it must be attributed to necessities of the case, because rights dependent on the laws of the State must be necessarily subordinate to military exigencies created by insurrection and rebellion.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS, Port Royal, S. C., November 8, 1861.

HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS, Hilton Head, S. C., November 11, 1861.

SIR: In addition to my report of the 8th instant, and after a more perfect examination into details, I have to state that the number of pieces of ordnance which have fallen into our hands is fifty-two, the bulk of which is of the largest caliber, all with fine carriages, &amp;c., except eight or nine, that were ruined by our five, which dismounted their pieces. A

