
APRIL 3-4, 1862.-Affairs at Biloxi and Pass Christian, Miss.

Report of Major General Mansfield Lovell, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 1, New Orleans, La., April 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 3rd instant the enemy landed a force of 500 men at Biloxi, having three steamers off the town. We had seven companies of the Third Mississippi Regiment at Handsborough and three at Pass Christian. I arranged with Commodore Whittle that the steamers Carondelet, Pamlico, and Oregon should engage these vessels while we attacked their troops at daylight on the 4th, but their fleet was re-enforced by two vessels at night, which re-embarked their troops, and, having engaged out ships with superior forces, they proceeded to Pass Christian, landed 1,200 men, with several pieces of artillery, and drove away our three companies, burning their camp and destroying a portion of their clothing and stores.

Our men, finding themselves greatly overmatched and outflanked, retreated without loss of life to Gainesville. Colonel Deason proceeded with his seven companies of infantry, one of cavalry, and a battery of artillery to Biloxi, which he found abandoned by the enemy. I subsequently ordered the troops to rendezvous at Pass Christian, where they now remain, but on account of the difficulty of supplying them by water I shall probably bring them to this city.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,M. LOVELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General.

APRIL 7, 1862.-Affair at Saint Andrew's Bay, Florida.*

Report of Captain R. S. Smith, Marianna Dragoons.

BLUE SPRING CAMP, April 16, 1862.

Brigadier General JOSEPH FINEGAN, Commanding Department:

SIR: In compliance with a telegraphic order (a copy of which is herewith inclosed) from Colonel Dilworth, then commanding, and received at my camp, 6 miles east of Marianna, at 12 o'clock m. on the 7th instant, I started at 3 p. m. of the same day with my command, and arrived at 3.02 p. m. the next day at Saint Andrew's Bay, having been in the saddle twenty-four hours, with only a rest of two hours to feed our horses. I found that the enemy had succeeded in getting the steamer Florida from her anchorage up North Bay, and was then opposite the town of Saint Andrew's. When about 3 miles from the town we heard a gun from the steamer, and, riding then at half speed, I met one of my advance guard just before reaching the town, who informed me that the enemy were landing from a small sloop about a mile from us. I then dismounted my command and advanced rapidly through the woods, hoping to capture them. But the enemy saw us when 200 yards off, and took to their boats. I then caused my command to open fire upon them. They were out of shot-gun reach, but a portion of my command, who were armed with Maynard rifles, killed or disabled four or five of the seven. Having only five cartridges to the rifle, our ammunition was soon exhausted. Had I had sufficient cartridges I am sure that I could have taken the

---------------

*Belongs properly to Chapter XV, but report found too late for insertion there.

---------------

