
The loss of the enemy from the well-directed fire of our skirmishers, cannot be less than 40. Our loss is 7 wounded, 2 missing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M. FENTON,

Colonel Eighth Michigan Regiment.

Brigadier-General STEVENS.

No. 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James L. Fraser, Forty-seventh New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT, N. Y. S. V.,Hilton Head, January 3, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to orders from Brigadier-General Viele, I embarked with my regiment on board the United States steamboat Boston on or about noon Tuesday, December 31, 1861, and was ordered by General Sherman to report to Brigadier-General Stevens at Beaufort, where we arrived at, say, 6 p.m., remaining on board off said place until, say, 7 a.m., the morning following, when we started for Port Royal Ferry, arriving some few miles this side, and landed by means of surf-boats. Upon landing of the right wing orders were received to march. Taking my position on the left of Colonel Perry, Forty-eighth New York, and under his orders we advanced, and arriving at the woods, was ordered by Colonel Perry to reconnoiter with my regiment, and give all information as regards the position of the enemy. Discovered a rifle-pit. The right flank company, being skirmishers, fired, and instantly routed the enemy, holding said pit, when orders came from Colonel Perry to return to the fort. During the night the regiment was detailed on picket and fatigue duty.

At, say, 11 a.m. on the morning of January 2, 1862, the regiment crossed Port Royal Ferry and marched to Beaufort, went on board the United States steamboat Boston, and remained off said place all night. Sailed for Hilton Head early in the morning of January 3. Landed by means of surf-boats, and returned to the camp in fine spirits, and am happy to inform you that none of my regiment were either wounded, killed, or taken prisoner.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JAMES L. FRASER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Forty-seventh Regiment N. Y. Vols.

Captain HAZARD STEVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, General Stevens' Brigade.

No. 5. Report of Colonel James H. Perry, Forty-eight New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT N. Y. VOLS.,Hilton Head, S. C., January 3, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave respectfully to submit for the information of the general commanding the following report of the participation of my command in the affair at Port Royal Ferry on the 1st instant:

On account of some delay on the part of the Forty-seventh New York,

