
Farragut, and until such information is received no proposition for a surrender can be for a moment entertained here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HIGGINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Commander DAVID D. PORTER, U. S. Navy,

Commanding Mortar Fleet.

[Inclosure U.]

FORT JACKSON, LA., April 27, 1862.

To the Soldiers of Forts Jackson and Saint Philip:

You have nobly, gallantly, and heroically sustained with courage and fortitude the terrible ordeals of fire, water, and a hail of shot and shell wholly unsurpassed during the present war. But more remains to be done. The safety of New Orleans and the cause of the Southern Confederacy, our homes, families, and everything dear to man yet depend upon our exertions. We are just as capable of repelling the enemy to-day as we were before the bombardment. Twice has the enemy demanded your surrender and twice has he been refused. Your officers have every confidence in your courage and patriotism, and feel every assurance that you will cheerfully and with alacrity obey all orders and do your whole duty as men and as becomes the well-tried garrisons of Forts Jackson and Saint Philip. Be vigilant, therefore, and stand by your guns, and all will yet be well.

J. K. DUNCAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Coast Defenses.

[Inclosure V.]
HEADQUARTERS FORTS JACKSON AND SAINT PHILIP, April 28, 1862.

SIR: Upon mature deliberation it has been decided to accept the terms of surrender of these forts under the conditions offered by you in your letter of the 26th instant, viz, that the officers and men shall be paroled, officers retiring with their side-arms. We have no control over the vessels afloat.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,EDWARD HIGGINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Commander DAVID D. PORTER, U. S. Navy,

Commanding Mortar Fleet.

[Inclosure W.]

U. S. STEAMER HARRIET LANE, Forts Jackson and Saint Philip, Mississippi River, April 28, 1862.

By articles of capitulation entered into April 28, 1862, between Commander David D. Porter, U. S. Navy, commanding the United States mortar flotilla, of the one part, and Brigadier General J. K. Duncan, commanding the coast defenses, and Lieutenant Colonel Edward Higgins, commanding Forts Jackson and Saint Philip, of the other part, it is mutually agreed:

First. That Brigadier-General Duncan and Lieutenant-Colonel Higgins shall surrender to the mortar flotilla Forts Jackson and Saint Philip,

