
water battery, remained with his command during the whole of this protracted ordeal without cover of any kind, although suffering from severe physical disease and scarcely able at times to walk around his battery. He was most ably and gallantly assisted by Captain R. J. Bruce, of the Louisiana Artillery.

First Lieutenant Eugene W. Baylor, Louisiana Artillery, who was in command of the 42-pounder barbette battery, and First Lieutenant Richard Agar, of the same battery, did all that gallant officers and men could.

The officers stationed at the heaviest batteries on the river front were the greater part of the time, fatigued as they were, obliged to be constantly with their detachments at their guns to prevent surprise. Lieuts. A. N. Ogden, Beverly C. Kennedy, and William T. Mumford, of the Louisiana Artillery, particularly distinguished themselves in this service.

Although not under my immediate command, I cannot omit to mention the devoted conduct of your aide-de-camp, Lieutenant William M. Bridges, who upon the disability of Captain Anderson immediately volunteered his services, and took charge of the two 10-inch columbiads, and fought them night and day with ceaseless energy.

Lieutenant J. W. Gaines, in command of the 32-pounder battery on the river front, assisted by Lieutenant E. D. Woodlief; Captain S. Jones, Company I, Twenty-third Regiment Louisiana Volunteers; Captain F. Peter, Company I, Twenty-second Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, fought their batteries gallantly and well.

Lieutenant Thomas K. Pierson, Twenty-third Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, was killed in the thickest of the fight, while gallantly fighting his guns.

The Saint Mary's Cannoneers, Captain F. O. Cornay, have my warmest gratitude and admiration for their whole conduct, both in face of the enemy and in the severe and arduous fatigue duties, which they discharged always and at all times, day and night, with alacrity and energy. They are an honor to the country, and well may their friends and relatives be proud of them.

The report of Captain M. T. Squires, who was the senior officer at Fort Saint Philip, is inclosed, with the reports of the other officers. Captain Squires fought the batteries of Fort Saint Philip most gallantly. He was in charge of that fort during the whole bombardment, the severe work at Fort Jackson requiring my constant presence there. I had every confidence in the coolness, courage, and skill of Captain Squires and his officers, and most satisfactorily did they discharge their duties. I refer you to his report for the mention of the individual conduct of his officers.

The floating battery Louisiana, the steam ram Manassas, and the Confederate steamer McRae, together with a number of vessels which had been fitted up by the Confederate and State Governments, were in the river above the forts at the time the enemy dashed by. I am unable to state what assistance, if any, was rendered by the greater portion of these vessels.

At daylight I observed the McRae gallantly fighting at terrible odds-contending at close quarters with two of the enemy's powerful ships. Her gallant commander, Lieutenant Thomas B. Huger, fell during the conflict severely but, I trust, not mortally wounded.

The Manassas I observed under way, apparently in pursuit of one of the vessels of the enemy, but I soon lost sight of her.

I would here observe that I think an investigation should be demanded into the conduct of the authorities afloat, whose neglect of our urgent entreaties to light up the river during this sad night contributed so much to the success of our enemies.

