
I detained my column at Adams' plantation (the place of landing) until the latest moment, and finally commenced the march before the arrival of two companies of that regiment. I had advanced perhaps three-quarters of a mile, when I received an order from the general to bring forward my command with the greatest expedition. We immediately advanced at double-quick until we overtook the supporting column, when I received notice of the existence of a battery threatening our right flank, and was ordered to attack and capture it. In obedience to the order, I immediately deployed my column, and forming double line of battle advanced upon the position of the enemy, the Forty-eighth New York, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Barton, leading, supported by the Forty-seventh New York, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Fraser.

When my first line was fairly under fire at long range it was halted under shelter of the timber and protected by the inequalities of the ground, and I sent forward two companies of skirmishers, with orders to ascertain the exact position of the battery, the best method of approaching it, the number of its guns, and with what force it was supported. The skirmishers were met by a sharp fire of artillery and musketry, but they went forward steadily and rapidly, and soon reported to me that a marsh covered the front of the enemy's position, and that they had at least four guns, supported by a heavy force of infantry. I then advanced the Forty-seventh New York for the purpose of maneuvering upon the left flank and gaining the rear of the enemy before attacking in front. The Forty-seventh pressed through the timber, and had gained a position well on the left and rear, and their advance had exchanged a few shots with the enemy, when I received the general's order to retire, the battery on the river having been taken and the object of the expedition accomplished. I drew off my men without loss. Three members of the Forty-eighth Regiment were slightly wounded, but not a man was disabled or rendered unfit for duty.

I am happy to add that the men and officers of my command behaved with great steadiness and resolution, obeying the word of command under fire as if they had been on drill.

Very respectfully,

J. H. PERRY,

Colonel Forty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers.

No. 6. Report of Major David Morrison, Seventy-ninth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-NINTH REGIMENT (HIGHLANDERS),Beaufort, S. C., January 3, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit to you my report of the part taken by the Seventy-ninth (Highlanders) with the expedition on the 1st instant under your command:

Agreeably to orders received on the afternoon of the 31st ultimo, I moved seven companies of my regiment, consisting of the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, 7th, and 8th companies, to the creek leading to the Brick-yard, reaching that point at 5 o'clock p.m., where they bivouacked for the night. At 4 a.m. on the morning of the 1st instant I received orders to embark in boats, seven in number, furnished by Lieutenant Lyons. Having accomplished this satisfactorily, I proceeded down the creek leading to

