
session, it is unnecessary for me to dwell longer on this humiliating and unhappy affair.

I wish to place on record here to noble conduct of Captain S. O. Cornay's company, the Saint Mary's Cannoneers, which alone stood true as steel when every other company in Fort Jackson basely dishonored its country.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HIGGINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, C. S. Army,

Late Commander Forts Jackson and Saint Philip.

Lieutenant WILLIAM M. BRIDGES,

Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade.

Return of casualties in the Confederate garrisons of Forts Jackson and Saint Philip, April 18-25, 1862.

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.

Fort Jackson.	 9	 35

Fort Saint Philip.	 2	 4

Total.	 11	 39

Numbers 6. Report of Captain M. T. Squires, Louisiana Artillery, of the bombardment of Fort Saint Philip.

FORT SAINT PHILIP, LA., April 27, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor respectfully to submit the following report:

Early on the morning of Friday, the 18th instant, perceiving by the movements of the enemy that they were about taking up their position, the heavy guns were ordered to open upon them, to annoy them in the execution of their purpose as much as possible, but, the distance being great and the range extreme, with but very little success, the enemy taking little or no notice of our fire, only answering by a few rifle shells at long intervals. The 13-inch mortar, after the thirteenth round, became useless, the bed giving way under it, breaking in two, and the mortar coming upon the ground. The enemy retired from our sight at 8 p. m. and nothing more was heard of him that night.

At an early hour on the morning of the 19th instant the enemy again took up a position identical with that of the day previous, excepting that no mortar boats were on this shore, all keeping close behind the point of woods, and opened fire upon Fort Jackson, which was allowed to continue without interruption from this side until 11 a. m., when, finding the fire concentrated upon the other side, fearing the effect, and having ascertained the exact range and distances, I determined to open upon them and draw off some of the fire to this side if possible. It was immediately done and with partial success, three of the mortar boats opening upon us with but little effect.

On the 20th, 21st, and 22nd the fire of the enemy still continued from their mortar boats, with an occasional shot from the gunboats. The only damage done during these days was the damaging of the platform of the 24-pounder gun in the salient near the main magazine, the shell

