
The battery on the Chalmette side seemed well served, and no doubt was so, judging from the character of the officers present.

The enemy, steaming up between us and the city, prevented the retreat of the troops to that point. they were accordingly directed to gain the Opelousas Railroad and reach Camp Moore via La Fourche or such route as might be found best. Lieutenant-Colonel Pinkney has already reported with his command, but somewhat reduced in numbers.

In concluding the report I wish particularly to call attention to the admirable assistance rendered by Lieutenants MacDonald and B. M. Harrod, on engineer duty, both before and after the action. Their conduct could not have been better.

Lieutenant Frost, on special duty, was also of material assistance, but in carrying out some instructions was accidentally absent during the engagement.

Having received no report from General Buisson concerning the operations on his side of the river, I am unalbe to refer to them more particularly.

Respectfully submitted.

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Brigade.

Major J. G. PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 8. Proceedings of the Court of Inquiry upon the fall of New Orleans.

RICHMOND, VA., June 8, 1864.

To the House of Representatives:

In response to a resolution of the House of Representatives, of January 15, 1864, I herewith transmit for your information a communication from the Secretary of War, covering a copy of the proceedings of the Court of Inquiry relative to the capture of New Orleans.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., June 6, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

SIR: In response to a resolution of the House of Representatives, adopted at its last session, I have the honor to forward for transmission to Congress a copy of the record of the Inquiry on the fall of New Orleans, with accompanying documents, the preparation of which was not quite completed at the adjournment of the last Congress.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

