
APRIL 4, 1863-12.30 p. m.

The court met pursuant to the above orders.

Present, Major General T. C. Hidman, Brigadier Gens. T. F. Drayton and W. M. Grandner, and Major L. R. Page, judge-advocate. Major General Mansfield Lovell also present.

The judge-advocate, having read the orders convening the court, asked Major General Mansfield Lovell if he had any objections to any member named therein, to which he replied he had none. The court was then duly sworn by the judge-advocate, and the judge-advocate was duly sworn by the presiding officer of the court in the presence of Major General Mansfield Lovell. It was then resolved by the court to it with closed doors, and ordered that W. H. Houston be employed as clerk to aid the judge-advocate.

The court adjourned to meet at 11 a. m. the 6th instant.

JACKSON, MISS., April 6, 1863-11 a. m.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, all the members of the court, the judge-advocate, and Major-General Lovell.

The proceeding of yesterday were read over. It was then ordered by the court that the letter "I," prefixed to the name of Brigadier General T. F. Drayton in the order convening the court, should be hereafter omitted in the records, it appearing to the satisfaction of the court that the insertion of the said letter "I" was a clerical error.

It was then ordered by the court that the word "accused" should not be used to designate Major General Mansfield Lovell in these proceedings, there being no accusation or imputation against him before the court; and it was further ordered that the evidence in the case should be introduced without regard to the mode or order of proof governing in courts-martial or courts of inquiry when charges are made and an issue joined.

Major General MANSFIELD LOVELL was then sworn and examined as a witness.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. When did you assume command of the city of New Orleans?

Answer. On October 18, 1861, pursuant to paragraph VIII, Special Orders, Numbers 173, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, October 7, 1861.

(The original of the order was read to the court and a copy thereof appended as document Numbers 1.)

Question. State for the information of the court the limits and extent of Department Numbers 1, its topographical features, and the various approaches to the city of New Orleans.

Answer. Department Numbers 1 embraced the State of Louisiana and the southern half-of the State of Mississippi, except that part of the latter State on the Mississippi River included between the New Orleans, jackson and Great Northern Railroad and the river, on which are situated Natchez and Vicksburg, they belonging to Department Numbers 2. Department Numbers 1 extended on the sea-coast more than 300 miles, from Texas on the west to Pacogoula Bay on the east. The city of New Orleans is situated in an alluvia) delta on the left or norther bank of the river, about 100 miles from the mouth. From elbow New Orleans to Donaldsonville, a distance of about 90 miles, the river runs in nearly an east course, almost parallel with the Gulf coast. Bounding the city limits on the north lies Lake Pontchartrain, which is almost 40 miles long by 25 broad, its southern shore being nearly parallel to the Mississippi River for more than 20 miles, thus forming a strip of land between the two of an average width of 5 or 6 miles, on which New Orleans is situated, thus placing it on an island, except this narrow strip of land, through which runs the New Orleans, Jackson and Great Northern Railroad; the only line of land communication the city has with the interior. The river, before

