
the Brick-yard, and was there joined by five large man-of-war launches, manned by sailors and armed with howitzers, who conveyed us to the point directly opposite on the main-land, known as --- Landing, where we arrived about 8 o'clock a.m. and disembarked.

By your orders I immediately advanced a party of skirmishers to scout the woods in the vicinity, which was done without opposition from the enemy. I then formed the battalion and advanced, sending forward two companies, the 4th and 5th, as skirmishers, and took the road leading to the Adams plantation. We were accompanied by a party of sailors, with two small brass howitzers, and arrived there about noon. This operation was under the immediate direction of Captain Hazard Stevens, the assistant adjutant-general. After resting about half an hour I was ordered to take up the position in advance, leading to the enemy's fort at Port Royal Ferry. I advanced about half a mile and halted until receiving further orders, which were given by Captain Stevens, viz, to send forward skirmishers and advance. I detailed for this purpose the 4th and 8th companies, who at once took up their position as such at about a quarter of a mile in advance on the main body of the battalion. The order was then given to move, which was done in gallant style. The men were eager to tackle the enemy, and it was with difficulty I could restrain them from pushing forward. Having advanced about the distance of 1 mile the enemy opened fire upon us from a battery in the woods on our right flank, some of the shells falling in our midst, but happily without doing any injury, my men remarking that "their shells were warranted not to kill."

I continued to advance, and took up a position within half a mile of the fort, and rested for some time until I received orders from you to advance and occupy the fort, which had a already been taken possession of by my skirmishers, who exchanged a few shots with the retreating foe. I entered the fort and found it evacuated by the enemy, leaving behind them one cannon, spiked. I am happy to be able to report that the whole operation was conducted without loss.

In closing my report I deem it my duty to bring before your notice the exemplary and soldierly conduct of the Highlanders, every one acting as if on parade, and confident that their general would lead them to victory. Captain Stevens' noble conduct excited our admiration, and their confidence and attachment to him are none the less than towards yourself.

Respectfully submitted by, general, your most obedient servant,

DAVID MORRISON,

Major, Commanding Seventy-ninth Highlanders.

General ISAAC I. STEVENS.

No. 7. Report of Lieutenant William St. G. Elliott, Seventy-ninth New York Infantry.

SEABROOK'S FERRY, January 2, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the body of troops assigned me for duty on January 1, instant, were in position along the bank of the river opposite Barnwell's Island before daybreak, awaiting the arrival of the gunboats. About 8 o'clock I manned a boat and went down Whale Branch to meet the vessels on their way up the river, as I was

