
Question. Describe the country for the first 10 or 12 miles above New Orleans, over which the New Orleans, Jackson and Great Northern Railroad runs.

Answer. From the city limits to the four-mile post on the railroad the country is a swamp; from that mile-post, which is about a mile and half from the river, the road passes over a narrow strip of firm land; from the six to the seven miles post it is about a mile in width; and at Kenner the railroad is about 1,500 feet from the river. From the river to Lake Pontchartrain the distance at Kenner is about 4 miles, 3 miles of which country is a swamp. The ridge upon which the road runs extends 2 miles north of Kenner.

Question. State when the enemy's ships of war took position at or near Kenner and cut off the communication from New Orleans by the New Orleans, Jackson and Great Northern Railroad.

Answer. I think it was about seven days after the city was evacuated before the enemy's vessels complected the stoppage of the trains at Kenner.

Question. State what arrangements were made with you by General Lovell, or by his order, and what work was done in removing public property and military stores at and after the evacuation of New Orleans.

Answer. On Thursday, April 24, I received orders to hold everything in readiness for the removal of troops and Government property, and as it was necessary that this should first be removed, to allow no citizens or private property to be transported upon the trains. The net morning I ordered all trains coming sough to be unloaded and sent to Kenner to await further orders. For four days and nights we had every train and engine on the road at work for the Government, removing its property. Some of this property was put on at Kenner, Carrollton Crossing, and Manchac; that at Manchac having been brought across the lake.

Question. Give, if you can, a general idea of the value of the property removed over your road.

Answer. I do not know its value, but it required three or four trains a day for three weeks to take from Camp Moore the property which we had removed from the city.

Cross-examination by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Was there any unnecessary delay r confusion in loading the trains at the depot?

Answer. There was some confusion, but it was unavoidable. No delay. The trains were sometimes loaded before I was able to move them.

Question. Was the property it took three or four trains a day for three weeks to move from Camp Moore all of it Confederate and State property?

Answer. It was.

Colonel J. SYMANSKI was then sworn and examined as a witness.

By Major General MANSFIELD LOVELL:

Question. Where were you at the time of the fall of New Orleans, and what, if any, position did you hold in the C. S. Army?

Answer. I commanded a regiment, which was then located about 5 miles above Forts Saint Philip and Jackson, on both sides of the river. One of my largest companies was in Fort Saint Philip.

Question. Where were you first located and what were your instructions?

Answer. I arrived at the quarantine station, on the left bank of the river, on April 5. I was ordered there to guard the approaches to the city from the sea through the bayous and canals. Afterwards Brigadier-General Duncan ordered one of my companies at Fort Saint Philip; the others were assigned to duty at the various bayous and canals that intersect the country that lies above the forts.

