
ments, and equipments? State your opinion as to its impregnability against lan I attacks.

Answer. This line of works was all completed; provided with magazines and hotshot furnaces on the river. On the whole series of works there were probably from fifty-five to sixty guns mounted. I considered them of the very best class of field works, and, if manned and properly defended, capable of resisting any force that could be brought against them. The implements and equipments for the pieces that were mounted were generally in duplicate.

Question. What works were constructed after the arrival of General Lovell?

Answer. There was one inclosed field work opposite the Victor line; there were two advanced works higher up the river, about half completed at the time of the evacuation; a work about midway between New Orleans and Fort Livingston, known as the Little Temple; three batteries were put up at Pass Manchac, mounting two guns each, and five one-gun batteries on the western shore of Lake Pontchartrain. There was a large brick fire-proof magazine erected below the city and inclosed with substantial walled, with a railroad leading from it to the river, a well-constructed breakwater proceeding their river bank where the Chalmette line touched it. Pearl River was obstructed and three bayous leading from Lake Borne in the direction of the city. These were the main works that I now recall.

Question. At the time of the evacuation were there more platforms, pintles, and traverse circles ready in position bearing on the river below New Orleans then there were guns to mount on them?

Answer. There were.

Question. What orders in regard to the occupation of Vicksburg did you receive from General Lovell shortly after the evacuation of New Orleans, and what means were placed at your command to carry out those orders?

Answer. About May 2 or 3 I was directed to send the Twenty-sixth Louisiana to Jackson and the Twenty-seventh Louisiana to Vicksburg. About May 7 I was directed to proceed to Vicksburg and take command of the line from Vicksburg to Jackson. In addition to these two regiments mentioned there was placed at my disposal, about May 20, the Twenty-eight Louisiana, the First Louisiana Artillery, and the Eighth Louisiana Battalion, also what was left of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Louisiana Regiment and the Third Mississippi, all about 2,632 men, and about 23 heavy guns, ranging from 32-pounders to 8 and 10 inch columbiads, all of which were mounted by me except some six or eight.

Re-examined by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Where were you on the day the city was evacuate?

Answer. I was in command of the forces on the Chalmette and McGehee lines, about 4 miles below the city. These forces numbered about 1,000 infantry and five companies of artillery.

Question. At or near the time of the evacuation did you receive any orders from General Lovell in regard to the abandonment of the Chalmettee line and the removal of the troops under your command? If so, state what those orders were.

Answer. I received no orders from General Lovell at any time on these subjects; no guns or implements were brought away; the ammunition was exhausted in resisting the passage of the gunboats; the camp equipage was not saved because we had no wagons and were dependent upon the river for transportation, which was in possession of the enemy.

Question. Was it practicable for General Lovell to communicate with you after the enemy's fleet passed the Chalmette fortifications?

Answer. I cannot say that it was impracticable, as I crossed the river myself, as did also three other officers. I did not consider that I ran any risk in making the crossing. Orders would not probably have reached me after the enemy's fleet passed Chalmette.

