
No. 9. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas S. Brenholts, Fiftieth Pennsylvania Infantry.

BEAUFORT, S. C., January 3, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and operations of that portion of your regiment which was placed under my command on the afternoon of December 31, 1861:

Soon after you had taken up your line of march I received an order through the assistant adjutant-general to form my command and march them to the wharf at Beaufort, where we were rapidly embarked in six flat-boats. In accordance with my instructions, I then reported for further orders to General Stevens, and, these being received, I pushed off with my command, consisting of Companies A, B, G, and I, under the guidance of Corporal Hurst, and after a long and laborious passage reached the Ottawa, where I conferred with Captain Rodgers, commanding the fleet, and after leaving with him several negroes acquainted with the channel we pushed on, making but slow progress, the tide setting swiftly against us, and finally reached the Brick-yard, where we were informed that the place of rendezvous was farther on, at a point which we reached, after the most arduous rowing, about 2 o'clock on the morning of the 1st January, 1862. The Highlanders here embarking in accordance with the orders of the general commanding, who was himself on the ground, we followed them, and between the hours of 6 and 7 effected an unopposed landing on the enemy's shore. Here, preceded by skirmishers from the Highlanders, by the boats' crews with howitzers, and immediately by the Highland regiment, we took up our line of march for the ferry, seeing none of the enemy but a small party who were convoying a wagon, and from whom we received a few harmless shots, up to the time of our being joined by yourself while we were lying in the rear of the house known as Adams'.

In conclusion, I would express my entire satisfaction with the conduct of the officers and men under my command.

Very respectfully,

THOMAS S. BRENHOLTS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel B. C. CHRIST.

No. 10. Report of Colonel Daniel Leasure, One hundredth Pennsylvania Infantry.

FORT AT PORT ROYAL FERRY, January 1, 1862.

GENERAL: Pursuant to your orders I dispatched two companies of my command, viz, Company B, Captain Dawson, and Company C, Captain Cornelious, to report to Captain Elliott, of the Seventy-ninth New York Regiment (Highlanders), in command at Seabrook, on yesterday; last night at 8 o'clock Lieutenant-Colonel Armstrong to a well-masked position south of the Stewart house, near Port Royal Ferry, with four companies, viz, Company A, Captain Templeton; Company G, Captain Brown; Company I, Captain Squiers, and Company M, Captain Campbell, where he remained perfectly concealed from the enemy until he received orders to move over the ferry. With Company D, Captain Hamilton, and Company K, Captain Van Gorder, I remained in reserve at the headquarters of Major Morrison, of the Seventy-ninth New York

