
that the general their offers of material, anchors and chains for rafts, iron and copper for castings, and briefly, those articles for military purposes and construction which at that time could only be obtained readily by private enterprise, but declined a part of their tenders of money, as he was not embarrassed for want of funds, but retarded by the deficiency of procuring through Government agents articles of prime necessity, which had grown to be scarce. The general also declined many suggestion of military plans.

Question. What was the number and composition of the troops in the city at the time of the evacuation and how were they armed?

Answer. There were two brigades of State troops, under General Tracy and Buissonn, in New Orleans at the time of its evacuation. These numbered in all, perhaps, 3,000 men; were new levies, chiefly composed of the men of the families resident in and about the city. They were indifferently armed, shot-guns being I believe the prevailing weapon. Two-thirds of them belonged to the French class of the population. Included in the above estimate was a battalion of some 400 men, Orleans Guards, which as well armed and equipped. There were, besides, the Confederate Regiment State Troops, about 700 strong, well armed and equipped, and the Pinkney Battalion (now Eighth Louisiana Battalion), heavy artillery, 500 unarmed men, newly enlisted, occupying the works on the river above and below the city; also the Thomas Battalion Confederate Troops, numbering about 350 men, also unarmed.

Question. State what was General Lovell's habitual routine of business while in command of Department Numbers 1. Was he ever absent from his office a single day during his administration except while engaged in personal inspections of the troops or works of his department?

Answer. General Lovell's hours of business were habitually from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m., during which he was always in his office. Most frequently he returned at 7 or 8 p. m. and continued inthe transaction of public affairs until very late hours of the night. During the interval between 3 and 8 p. m. General Lovell was ordinarily occupied in personal inspections of the troops and lines of defense, visits to the foundries and works-shops, examinations of proper means in the construction of Montgomery's and the State fleets and the rams Mississippi and Louisiana. His tours of inspection through his department were frequent, and I believe thorough. The restless activity displayed by the department commander was a subject of general remark.

Question. What was the general military character of the population in New Orleans at the time of its fall?

Answer. It was indifferent. The better part of the fighting material had volunteered and been ordered elsewhere. The young men were all gone from the city with a few glaring exceptions.

The court adjourned to meet at 10 a. m. the 25th instant.

VICKSBURG, MISS., April 25, 1863-10 a. m.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, all the members of the court, the judge-advocate, and Major General Mansfield Lovall.

Captain W. B. ROBERTSON was then sworn and examined as a witness.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Where were you when the Federal fleet passed Forts Saint Philip and Jackson, in April, 1862, and what, if any, position did you hold in the Army of the Confederate States?

Answer. I was in command of the water battery at Fort Jackson; a captain in the First Regiment Louisiana Artillery.

Question. What orders did you receive from Colonel Higgins on the afternoon previous to the passage of the forts by the enemy's fleet on the morning of April 245, 1862?

Answer. I received a written order from Lieutenant-Colonel Higgins, commanding Forts Jackson and Saint Philip, that there was a movement among the enemy's gun-

