
SAMUEL WOLFE was then sworn and examined as a wiriness.

By Major General M. LOVELL:

Question. What business were you engaged in at New Orleans for some months prior to its evacuation, in April, 1862?

Answer. I was first a merchant and then engaged in the founder business.

Question. State what suggestions and aid you received from General Lovell in your operations, and what results, if any, were achieved.

Answer. General Lovell suggested that the necessities of the Government were such as to require the full use of the infantry. We set a number of men at work to make the patterns for field pieces and 10-inch mortars, and at last patters for 10-inch columbiads; also the requisite shot and shell for those guns. The patterns of the 10-inch mortars and field pieces were begun in November, 1861. the patterns for the columbiands were completed about the time the city fell. We cast quite a number of field pieces (probably six were finished) and several 10-inch mortars, one of which was completed. We had employed over 100 men. I was not acquainted with the business myself, but my employes were. Among them was an artillery officer, who was skilled the fabricating of arms, &amp;c. General Lovell called very frequently at the founder and urged forward the completion of the guns ordered by him and the ordnance officer. Our supply of iron best suited for guns was quite limited, and General Lovell gave us an order for 100 very large water-pipes, a portion of which we used. General Lovell also found that we needed a very large lathe for the working of heavy guns, and provided us with one from the other side of the river, by permission of the Government. General Lovell, early in March, issued an order to the effect that the founder was in the hands of the Government and the employed in its service, for the purpose of protecting them from the militia officer and to secure the entire services of the founder, but that was unnecessary, as it had been purchased for Government use alone. At the suggestion of General Lovell we were putting up reverberator furnaces, which were nearly completed when the city fell. General Lovell frequently tendered me money, which I declined to take.

Question. Were any attempts made to remove the property at your works at the time of the evacuation? State what was removed and your reasons for not removing the whole.

Answer. We were ordered on April 24 or 25, 1862, to remove all work at our shop, finished and part unfinished) sent up the Jackson Railroad. The mortars that were unfinished were thrown into the basin of the new canal. Some of the mortar beds were buried in the ground at the founder. The reasons for these acts were that we could not get men and vehicles to carry them to the railroad depot. Men were afraid to be seen working about such an establishment upon the arrival of the enemy.

The court adjourned to meet at 10 a. m. to-morrow.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 21, 1863 - 11 a. m.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, all the members of the court, the judge-advocate, and Major General M. Lovell.

The proceedings of yesterday were read over.

The judge-advocate then informed the court that certain witness whom he had summoned from Savannah, Ga., had left that city for Richmond before the arrival of the summons, and that there were no other witnesses to examine at Charleston.

The court was then adjourned to meet at Richmond, Va., June 1, 1863, or as soon thereafter as practicable.

RICHMOND, VA., June 2, 1863 - 10 a. m.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major General T. C. Hindman, Brigadier Gens. T. F. Drayton and W. M. Gargner, Major L. R. Page, judge-advocate, and Major General Mansfield Lovell.

