
others as could have been added, have prevented the enemy's passage over the bars at the mouths of the Mississippi, or could these vessels at any time afterward have driven the enemy's fleet out of the river?

Answer. I was acquainted with the squadron. I do not think it, with other vessels that might have been added, could have prevented the crossing of the bar, nor afterwards have driven the enemy's fleet out of the river.

Question/ In the defense of New Orleans was anything omitted to be done by which the city might have been saved?

(This question was objected to by Major-General Lovell, because the witness is an officer of the Navy, and cannot be considered and expert as to army affairs, there being no proof to show him possessed of skill in military affairs, which alone would authorize an answer to the question. The court was then cleared for deliberation, and, he reopened, it was announced that the court overruled the objection.)

Answer. On the part of the Navy there was nothing omitted by which the city might have been saved; on the part of the Army I am unable to say that any step was omitted that should have been taken for its defense.

Lieutenant W. GWATHMEY, C. S. Navy, was sent sworn and examined as a witness.

By Major General MANSFIELD LOVELL:

Question. Where and on what duty were you immediately before the fall of New Orleans?

Answer. I was the lieutenant commanding the C. S. gunboat Carondelet, in Lake Pontchartrain, at that time.

Question. What, if any, assistance did you receive from General Lovell in fitting out the Carondelet for service?

Answer. Her armament was furnished chiefly by the Army; five out of seven guns came from that source; also 30 me, as a part of her crew, were supplied from Fort Pike.

Cross-examination by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Did you see General Lovell after the passage of the forts and during the evacuation of New Orleans; if so, did he seem cool and collected, and competent for the duties developed upon him by the disaster to the city?

Answer. I saw him in the evening after the enemy's fleet had passed the forts; he seemed to me very cool and collected, decidedly competent for the work on hand.

Major C. S. VENABLE, C. S. Army, was next sworn and examined as a witness.

By Major General MANSFIELD LOVELL:

Question. What duty were you on at the time of the evacuation of New Orleans, in April, 1862? State what was done by you, under orders of General Lovell, in the removal of public property, army stores, &amp;c.

Answer. On engineer duty. On Sunday morning, April -, after the evacuation, I was sent back, by order of Major-General Lovell, to act in conjunction with Major James and others in the removal of public property. After reaching the city I considered myself as acting under Major James, by General Lovell's orders. These orders were, as I understood, to remove all public property belonging to the Confederate States or State of Louisiana, which could be transported and be of any use to the Army; also the guns on the fortifications in the rear of the city, for use on works to be re-erected at Vicksburg' papers and other property of the engineer's department, &c. We arrived in New Orleans on Sunday afternoon in the train from Camp Moore. Arrangements were made that night by Major James and agents set to work. On Monday I took charge of the shipment of stores, hire of laborers, drays,&c. A large

