
Question. Did you see General Lovell often during the evacuation? If so, state his demeanor on such occasions.

Answer. I saw General Lovell upon his arrival from the forts, immediately after their passage by the enemy. He placed me in charge of the office, and went out, I presume, to make ready to receive the enemy. I saw him late that night at the camp of the Confederate Guard Regiment; saw him again the next morning, between 9 and 10 o'clock, when he ordered me to pack up the records and proceed with them to the Jackson Depot. I saw him again at the depot just before the last train started, after all the troops had left city or were leaving on that train, he being among the very last to leave. At no time did exhibit anything like furry or a want of presence of mind.

Question. Were the troops that left the city demoralized in their bearing or did they conduct themselves like disciplines soldiers?

Answer. I saw no further evidence of demoralization or want of discipline than is usual among raw, fresh levies.

Question. What forces were in the city and removed at the time of the fall?

Answer. There was but one company of Confederate artillery, disciplined, Semmes battery, and about 4,000 militia, turned over for local defense by the governor a short time before the city fell, armed chiefly with old altered muskets and double-barreled shot-guns - the shot-guns predominant. the majority of the militia and local defense troops remained in the city, and a large portion of the local defense force tat went to Camp Moore returned to the city, being over age, and merely enlisted for duty in New Orleans.

Question. What was the character of the population in New Orleans, in a military point of view, when it was captured?

Answer. The best fighting material was off in the armies of the Confederate States; that left consisted of old men and foreigners. A large portion of the German population was disloyal. There were a good many others capable of bearing arms, but there were no arms for them.

Cross-examination by Major-General LOVELL:

Question. Was General Lovell in the habit of expressing his hopes, fears, plans, and views to those about him on duty?

Answer. He was not.

The court adjourned to meet at 11 a. m. to-morrow.

RICHMOND, VA., June 10, 1863 - 11 a. m.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, all the members of the court, the judge-advocate, and Major-General Lovell.

The proceedings of yesterday were read over.

ARCHIBALD MITCHELL was next sworn and examined as a witness.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Where did you reside and what was your occupation furring the year 1861 and until May, 1862?

Answer. I resided in New Orleans, and was the principal foreman of the iron founder of Leeds &amp; Co. during that time.

Question. How long have you been in the iron-founder business, and what was the character of the work made by Leeds & Co. in their establishment?

Answer. Since the year 1863. Sugar-mill machinery, steam-engines, boilers, saw-mills, and all sorts of machinery were made in their establishment. The works were the largest in the city, and had been in operation continuously since 1824 or 1825, and employed some 300 hands.

