
Cross-examination by Major General M. LOVELL:

Question. Was not General M. L. Smith in immediate command of the troops at camp Moore, General Lovell merely having his department headquarters in the vicinity of those troops?

Answer. He was in the immediate command, General Lovell merely having his headquarters there.

NELSON TIFT was next and examined as a witness.

By JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What were your relations to the Government with reference to the Confederate States steamers Mississippi?

Answer. I was the invertor of the plan of that vessel, and with my brother, Mr. A. F. Tift, brought a model to Richmond, submitted it to the Navy department, and tendered our services without compensation to construct such a vessel. As a means of showing to the country our true relations to the Government I here submit our proposition to the Secretary of the Navy and his acceptance and instructions.

Question. Had you or your brother any experience as constructors of vessels?

Answer. neither of us are practicable mechanics; both of us are familiar with the character and qualities of vessels an the manner in which they are constructed. My brother had, as proprietor and superintended, during the past twenty-five yards, had many vessels built and repaired. In the case of the Mississippi I furnished the plan. My brother and myself superintended the entire work as agents of the Governments, and Mr. Joseph Prim, a practical naval constructor, had the charge of her construction.

Question. Did you make the contracts for the construction of the Mississippi? If so, state with whom the more important contracts were made.

Answer. As the agents of the Government we made all the contracts that were made. We contracted with Jackson &amp; Co., represented by Robert Kirk, for the machinery; with Schofield & Markham, at Atlanta, Ga., for the iron plating, &c., with Winship & Co., of Atlanta, Ga., for bolts for plating and for making port doors; with Wells, Poitevant, Cary, Hammond & Co., Garland, and other, for timber; with Slocomb, Bean & Sons, Slark, Stauffer & Co., Folger & Co., and others, for iron fastenings, tools, &c.; with Leeds& Co., John Clarke, Barriger, Cosgrove, McCan & Harrold, Beanmiller, D. H. Fowler, Pursegolve, Wheeler & Forestall, and others for iron work of various kinds and machinery. Besides these, we purchased elsewhere, where we could get them, such articles as could not be obtained in New Orleans; bolt-iron, spikes, oarlocks, &c., in Mobile; bolt-iron Macon, Atlanta, and Etowah, Ga., and in Chattanooga, Tenn., &c.

The court adjourned to meet at 11 a. m. to-morrow, the 12 the instant

RICHMOND, VA., June 12, 1863 - 11 a. m.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, all the members of the court, the judge-advocate, and Major General Mansfield Lovell.

The proceedings of yesterday were read over.

Examination of NELSON TIFT continued.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What obstacles had you to encounter in the progress of the work, and what delays were you subjected to, and what means wee used to overcome such obstacles.

Answer. We arrived at New Orleans on September 18, 1861. There was no shipyard suitable for the building of the Mississippi; they were all on the west bank of the river; were too small and inconvenient, the bank high, and the water deep along-side of it. We selected a suitable place on the east side of the river, at jefferson City,

40 R R - VOL VI

