
Question. Do you know of any persons volunteering with the Army to defend the city after the passage of the forts? If yea, state their number, and whether or not they were able-bodied men.

Answer. It was calculated that we could get 25,000 or 30,000 men, including those under arms, for the purpose at that time. Some 400 or 500 of us were ready to join the Army for that purpose, and applied to governor Moore for arms. He sails that he had none, and referred us to General Lovell; but we could not see General Lovell, and abandoned our effort. A majority of the men referred to by me were too old to go into camp, but could have done good fighting. I do not know the number of men under arms.

Question. Was there much private property destroyed or left in the city that would have been valuable for military uses?

Answer. I saw a pile of corn burned and some sugar and molasses. this property might have been saved if the steamboats that were at the levee could have been used to transport it; but the boats were made ready to leave by their owners as soon as they knew the forts had been passed.

Cross-examination by Major General MANSFIELD LOVELL:

Question. Did the heavy guns that you saw lying at the custom-house belong to the Army or the Navy?

Answer. I do not know.

Question. Did not General Lovell stop on the city hall steps directly after his conversation with you and address the people for some time, attempting to allay their excitement?

Answer. My impression is that he did, thought I cannot say whether it was before or after our conversation. I was too far off the hear or see well. The crowd was very great.

Question. On the morning after the day in which you say 400 or 500 of your crowd were willing to fight, did not General Lovell publish an order and appeal in all the papers of the city calling for 1,000 men to board the enemy's vessels? Did any of that crowd volunteer for that service that you are aware of?

Answer. I did not, nor did any of our crowd that I know of.

Question, You say that you think 25,000 or 30,000 men could have been obtained in New Orleans to defend it; did not General Lovell, through governor Moore, call for 10,000 men from the city at least six weeks before the fall of New Orleans?

Answer. I do not recollect.

the court adjourned to meet at 11 a. m. to-morrow.

RICHMOND, VA., June 18, 1863 - 11 a. m.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, all the members of the court, the judge-advocate, and Major General Mansfield Lovell.

F. W. C. COOKE, a citizen, was then sworn and examined as a witness.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Were you a resident of New Orleans from October, 1861, to May, 1862? If so, what was your occupation?

Answer. I was, and, with my brother, engaged in the manufacture of small-arms. I have lived in New Orleans for seventeen years.

Question. Was you machinery removed from the city at the time of its capture, in April, 1862? If so, was it done in pursuance of orders from or with the assistance of General Lovell?

Answer. I saved all the machinery connected with the armory, except the motive power. I did not save all the work. I left 130 tons of wrought iron, which I could

