
got the guns, some ten or twelve in number. I do not know whether there were others there. I met a good many soldiers the evening I left; they were very greatly disordered and moving in squads. I was closely occupied at work in removing my machinery after the passage of the forts, and did not see a great deal. This is about all I can remember on this subject. When I left the wildest confusion prevailed upon the levee; men, women, and children were removing sugar and molasses up the streets to their houses.

Question. In the foregoing testimony have you ommited any material fact bearing upon the fall of New Orleans or the loss of property during the evacuation?

Answer. I recollect nothing more. I have stated about all I know of my own knowledge.

Cross-examination by Major General M. LOVELL:

Question. Do you know whether or not many of the stores of which you speak as being in the city on April 25, the day you left, were not subsequently brought out on railroads and ny the lake by Majors James, Venable, and others?

Answer. They might or might not have been saved. I do not know.

The deposition of Captain E. POWELL, assistant quartermaster, duly attested, was then offered in evidence by General Lovell, it being within the knowledge of the court that the witness had been summoned before the court at Vicksburg, and in obedience to its summons had reached Jackson, Miss., when he was ordered to return to his post at Natchez, by Lieutenant-General Pemberton, who informed the court that the services of Captain Powell could not be spared at that time, and since then the state of affairs being such in Mississippi that the witness' attendance could not be procured, although all proper efforts had been made to that end.

To the reading of this deposition the judge-advocate objected, because depositions of officers in the line or staff of the Army are not admissible as evidence before courts of inquiry.

The court having considered the objection, decided that under the circumstances it should be received.

By Major-General LOVELL:

Question. What position did you hold before and at the evacuation of New Orleans, in April, 1862?

Answer. I was an assistant quartermaster in the C. S. Army, with the rank of captain, and was in charge of the clothing, camp and garrison bureau, in the city of New Orleans.

Question. What amount of public property in your charge was saved at that evacuation and what was its estimated value?

Answer. I saved the whole of the public property in my charge, with the exception of a few castings, and would have saved them also if Major Winnemore, assistant quartermaster, had not taken my means of transportation from me. I am, unable to state the value of the property saved, my books and papers having been removed from here (Natchez) for safety, and I cannot refer to them. I also saved al my books, papers, an funds at New Orleans; a considerable quantity of stores, &amp;c., was stolen from the cars while in transitu from New Orleans to Camp and above.

Question. Was there any other property of the same kind belonging to the state of Louisiana or other parties brought out that was turned over to you; if so, what was the value of the same as estimated by you?

Answer. There was no other property turned over to me tat was brought out of New Orleans belonging to the State of Louisiana or others, but I picked up a portion of the clothing, camp and garrison equipage, which I believe belonged to the State of Louisiana, and for which I gave credit on my papers, together with a large quantity of quartermaster's stores, for which I believe Major Winnemore, assistant quartermaster, was responsible, the whole amounting to about $125,000.

The court adjourned to meet at 11 a. m. to-morrow.

