
RICHMOND, VA., June 20, 1863 - 11 a. m.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, all the members of the court, the judge-advocate, and Major General M. Lovell.

The proceedings of yesterday were read over.

Lieutenant A. J. TOUTANT was then sworn and examined as a witness.

By Major General M. LOVELL:

Question. What position did you hold in New Orleans from october, 1861, to May, 1862?

Answer. I held the position of aide-de-camp to Major-General Lovell.

Question. What were your opportunities for knowing the route business habits of General Lovell in New Orleans? If you know, state what they were.

Answer. I was with General lovell more regularly than any of his staff officers, not only in the office, but also in all outdoor duty. I, in fact, accompanied him on all his tours of inspection out of town, which gave me full opportunities to judge of his business habits. He wa industrious, attentive, punctual, and energetic in dispatching all business connected with his department.

Question. Was he ever absent from his office or from duty for any cause whatever a single day while in command at New Orleans?

Answer. He was never absent from his office while in command at New Orleans except on duty, which duties consisted in the inspection of camps, fortifications, also foundries and all other Government works about the city, also a throughout inspection of forts and defenses commanding the different entrances to it. On these occasion he took particular pains to examine thoroughly the arms, ammunition, and clothing of the garrison, and pointed out, if any, the deficiencies to the commanding officer of the post. The visit to the foundries, &amp;c., in the city was generally done after dinner, say 4 p. m., when the general could more easily be spared from the office. His time then was entirely devoted to the investigation and to the urging of the completion of public works; this lasted until dark, when he again returned to the office to finish his correspondence or attacked to some other business matters, which invariably kept him there until 10 p. m. and often later. The different officers of the staff were also required to be in their respective officers until that hour.

Question. Did you have occasion to observe General Lovell during the engagement of Fort Jackson, when the enemy's fleet passed, and at various times during the evacuation? If so, state what was his demeanor as to calmness, coolness, and decision.

Answer. As an almost all other occasions, i accompanied the general to the forts below the city. He left New Orleans the evening previous to the passage of the enemy's gunboats and arrived there probably half an hour before the attempt was made. He had gone down for the express purpose of trying to have the position of the Louisiana changed; also to verify for himself the amount of damage done to Fort Jackson by the enemy's shells. We observed, as we arrived, that the fort was being slowly shelled by the enemy's mortar fleet, when all of a sudden the number seemed to increase, and Forts Jackson and Saint Philip both opened fire. It was not until one of the Federal vessels, the Varuna, had got close by us that General Lovell ordered the captain of the packet boat we were on, the Doubloon, to steam up the river as fast as possible, so as to get out of the reach of the gunboats that was pursuing us. While under the fire of that boat, which was gaining on us, Captain Kennon engaged and sunk her. General Lovell was coolly delivering orders to some of the river-defense fleet, which to his great contempt, seemed to be getting out of the enemy's way. He ordered them to go back and fight him. After reaching about 30 miles from the city, the general, knowing that by taking a carriage he could get to the city sooner, concluded to proceed by land; his presence he knew would be needed there as soon as possible during the excitement of this sad news. I continued with some of the other members of the staff on the boat, again joining the general that afternoon. I found him engaged in giving orders in reference to the removal of Government property; also in giving orders for what defense could be made at Chalmette in case the enemy should make his appearance. I noticed no change in his manner, decision, or coolness. I was with him pretty

