
supply of arms, ammunition, &amp;c. he replied explicitly to some of the minor questions, but declined replying to others, stating that the commanding general deemed it best not give information to any one in certain matters. Some of the members, and in two or three days afterwards I sought another interview with General Lovell alone at his office, and promptly stated that I came to discuss more fully our city defenses, and at the same time I renewed the assurance tat the city would furnish any money that he might need in making any defenses for the city. I renewed this assurance, because General Lovell and the day before complained much that his graft on the city was nor promptly paid, which occurred because there was some officer in the city treasury department who was not aware of General Lovell's authority to draw such a draft when it was presented to him. During this interview with General Lovell I discussed many matters about the plan and the prospect of the successful of the city. In this discussion some of my inquires were not answered, as he did not consider ot proper for the commanding general to do so. In some of these positions he was perhaps correct; but the effect upon my mind during and after the discussion was that, if a vigorous attack was made by the enemy and the forts passed near the mouth of the river, I did not believe that the city would be held by our forces. This impression was confirmed after an interview with the naval commander. These views depressed me much, and I communicated my fears not only to my family, but to several friends, and we most decidedly condemned the administration for sending such an officer as General Lovell to defend New Orleans, the most important point in the Confederacy, when the Government had in the field two such generals as Beauregard and Bragg, both citizens of Louisiana. When the enemy commenced the attack on the forts I most anxiously watched the Prospect. As I had before feared, I found that our reliance was altogether upon a successful defense at the forts, though I had been confident that a good general, with such resources as had been at the command of General Lovell, could and would have defended the city from the extensive and expensive fortifications a few miles below the city and on both sides of the river. I could not see or hear of any proper arrangements for defense at that point, and as our defense therefore was alone at the forts, I did except to see the commanding general go promptly to that point and there see tat all possible defense was made. Although the attack lasted several days, General Lovell made no effort to go to the forts until about the time the enemy's fleet passed them. I had many unofficial conversations with General Lovell, and none of them inspired me with confidence in the safety of New Orleans, if vigorously attacked by the enemy.

A. D. KELLEY.

MAYOR'S OFFICE,

Columbia, S. C. July 2, 1862.

Personally appeared before me A. D. Kelley, and made oath that the foregoing statements are facts, according to the best of his knowledge.

T. J. GOODWYN,

Magistrate ex officio.

[Document Numbers 3.]

RICHMOND, VA., October 17, 1861.

General MANSFIELD LOVELL:

SIR: I am induced by the impression made on the mind of the Secretary of War, in a conversation which you had with him just before your departure, to write to you on the subject of your relations to the officers of the Navy. When you mentioned the subject to me I supposed you referred to the case provided for in the sixty-first and sixty-second articles of war, as enacted by the Congress of the Confederate States; therefore it was that I read and commenced on those articles, particularly the sixty-second.

The fleet maintained at the port of New Orleans and the vicinity is not a part of your command; and the purposes for which it is sent there or removed from there are communicated in orders and latters of a department which with you have no direct communication. It must, therefore, be obvious to you that you could not assume command of these officers and vessels, coming within the limits of your geographical department, but not placed on duty with you, without serious detriment

