
to discipline and probable injury to the public service. To promote harmony, to secure co-operation, and increase the power for public defense it will often be desirable that each arm should know the objects and means of the other. To this end it is hoped that there will be unrestrained intercourse and cordial fraternization.

Very respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Document Numbers 4.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Richmond, Va., January 19, 1863.

Major General MANSFIELD LOVELL:

SIR: I state, at your request, that, while I was Secretary of War, in giving your orders to take charge of the defense of the Department of Louisiana, you requested authority to control the operations of the officers of the Navy within the department, and to order such dispositions of naval forces as you might deem best to aid in defense. I answered you that you request could not be granted; that the Department of War could assume no control over naval operations, which were confided by law to a distinct Department, and that you must rely for securing the aid of naval forces on endeavoring to establish concert of action through mutual understanding between yourself and the naval officer highest in rank in your department.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of State.

[Document Numbers 5. - By telegraph.]

RICHMOND, VA., December 17, 1861.

General MANSFIELD LOVELL:

The Secretary of War desires you to send seventeen 32-pounder guns, if you can spare them, to General A. S. Johnston.

J. GORGAS.

[Document Numbers 6. - By telegraph.]

RICHMOND, VA., December 17, 1861.

General MANSFIELD LOVELL:

Please send three 32-pounder guns to General Lee, at Charleston, S. C. No carriages required.

J. GORGAS.

[Document Numbers 7. - By telegraph.]

RICHMOND, VA., January 1, 1862.

General MANSFIELD LOVELL:

Please send two large 32-pounder navy guns for General A. S. Johnston, care of Lieutenant M. H. Wright, ordnance officer, Nashville, tenn.

L. GIBBON,

Captain (for Chief of Ordnance).

[Document Numbers 13.]

NEW ORLEANS, LA., April 11, 1862.

General RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

With forty vessels in the lower river, please protest, in my name, against sending the Louisiana up the river. If she must go, let them

