
[Document Numbers 24.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 1,New Orleans, La., April 17, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Army of the Mississippi:

DEAR GENERAL: I telegraphed and subsequently wrote you in reference to fortifying the vicinity of Vicksburg, for the double purpose of protecting the river and giving you a point-dappui for the left of your line in case you are compelled to occupy a position in rear of your present one. I have some twelve or fifteen guns in position above New Orleans, and in case others could be got we might, as soon as the works were finished and the platforms laid, transfer our batteries to that point. There is no engineer officer here to be sent on that duty, or I should have fortified Vicksburg long since. Have you any one in your army who, with the help of a few thousand negroes, could put up the works, and thus perhaps, delay the enemy until we can finish Tift's iron-clad steam ram? I will give you all the assistance in my power in pushing forward the matter; but with the limited means at my command and the enemy knocking at the door below I cannot give it personal attention. M. L. Smith, now a brigadier-general, is now on duty here with me, organizing troops and attending also to the engineer duties of the department. The subject of fortifying Vicksburg strikes me as of pressing importance, and if you agree with me I will endeavor to push it as much as possible.

Yours, truly,

M. LOVELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Document Numbers 25.]*

[Document Numbers 26.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., February 15, 1862.

General MANSFIELD LOVELL,

New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I received this morning a letter from Richard Lambert, ordnance officer on your staff, inclosing an estimate for $ 66,000, copy of which I inclose. We have already one disbursing officer at New Orleans (Major M. L. Smith), and it is deemed advisable not to have more than one for the department at he same post. The estimate indicates the intention of erecting a laboratory, shop, &amp;c. This has not been contemplated by the Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GORGAS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief of Ordnance.

[Document Numbers 27.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 1,New Orleans, La., February 19, 1862.

GOV. THOMAS O. MOORE:

SIR: I would suggest the propriety and necessity of your taking possession of the steamers Charles Morgan, Galveston, and W. h. Webb, or two of them, for the immediate defense of the city, and to be used as

---------------

* Is a duplicate of report on p. 510.

---------------

