
transports for troops in case the occasion should require it. One gun might be put on each to prevent small parties of the enemy from annoying them with boat howitzers, sent up the river by launches from the shoal water to the easterward.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. LOVELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Document Numbers 28.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 1,New Orleans, La., February 25, 1862.

His Excellency Gov. THOMAS O. MOORE:

SIR: I have the honor to make requisition upon you for volunteers and militia to the number of 10,000 men, to be placed in camp and held ready for defense at short notice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. LOVELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Document Numbers 29.]
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 8, 1862.

Major General MANSFIELD LOVELL,

Commanding, &amp;c., Camp Moore, La.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 26th ultimo to the Adjutant-General, containing a report of the circumstances attending the fall of New Orleans, is received. The loss of this city is a very severe blow to us, and one that we cannot fail to feel most sensibly, but it is believed that with the means of defense at your disposal you have done all in your power.

Your plan of collecting all the troops you can and taking a position which will enable you to defend the rear of General Beauregard and protect his communications is fully approved, and I regard it as a matter of great moment. You will endeavor to collect as large a force as possible, and collect all the arms that you can procure. The want of arms is very severely felt at this time, and I hope you will spare no effort to collect all that can be obtained hands of the people that can be made serviceable. You will organize and prepare the troops that you may be able to collect, to act most efficiently against the enemy, should be expose himself in any manner, and protect, as far as it is possible, the army of General Beauregard from any movement that may endanger his communications of threaten his rear.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Document Numbers 30.]
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 24, 1862.

Major General MANSFIELD LOVELL,

Commanding, &c., Camp Moore, La.:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 11th instant. My reply to your former communication will have made known to you the opinion I entertain of your course in evacuating New Orleans. That opinion is confirmed by the additional particulars contained in

