
the greater portion of the heavy guns were sent to Mobile and other points, and that, too at a time when the whole mortar fleet of the enemy and twelve steamers were in the river below the forts. I wrote to General Jones, at Mobile, and telegraphed the Department, and received the reply that some of the heavy guns were ordered here. I learn that fourteen 10=inch columbiads were kept at Mobile while were sent here. Mr. Benjamin also wrote me that 44,000 pounds of powder had been sent from Columbus, but it was depleted on the road to less than half that amount. With powder-mils that have an abundance of sulphur and charcoal and facilities for making 3,000 pound of powder per day, saltpeter has been sent from Arkansas to Georgia, while Memphis and Corinth were making requisitions on me for powder. Not a pound of saltpeter has been for three months.

I mention these things, not that I am by any means discouraged or disheartened, but to account in some measure for the dissatisfaction that exists among the people here, who having sent men, arms, and everything they had to Virginia and Tennessee, now find the enemy at their doors, both by land and water, while they can obtain neither heavy guns nor small-arms, which they learn by the papers are being sent to places which certainly are not considered so important as the city of New Orleans and the mouth of the Mississippi. The whole city is in a fever of anxiety about the finishing of the Louisiana and Mississippi, which they consider as their salvation against the fleet below, and I should not regard it as wise to send them above, unless we could place in position at Fort Jackson such a number of guns of heavy caliber as would insure that New Orleans could not be taken by a bold dash. It is scarcely probable that the gunboats of the enemy would come down the river much in advance of their army. Meanwhile we might clear the mouth of the river, and then send the whole fleet above and drive them back to Cairo; but in any event, were require several more 10-inch guns and at least 4,000 or 5,000 stands of small-arms. I would also earnestly urge the confirmation of Colonel Smith as a brigadier-general. I have but one officer of that rank in the department, which compels me to do a great deal of work that should devolve upon subordinate officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. LOVELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 9. Message from the President of the Confederate States, transmitting correspondence with the Governor of Louisiana and General Lovell.

RICHMOND, VA., March 11, 1863.

To the House of Representatives:

In response to your resolution of the 3rd ultimo I herewith transmit for your information a copy of my correspondence, together with that of the Secretaries of War and of the Navy, with the governor of Louisiana and Major-General Lovell, during the periods beginning October 25, 1861, and ending with the date of the capture of the city of New Orleans, in reference to the defenses of that city.*

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

* Such of the correspondence referred to as does not relate to mere matters of detail or to subjects embraced in the Fourth Series of this publication, will follow, in chronological order, in the "Correspondence, est. -Confederate", post.

