
[Inclosures.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., February 27, 1863.

To the PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

SIR: I have the honor to submit, under a resolution of the House of Representatives, copies of the correspondence between Major-General Lovell and the War Department in reference to the defense of New Orleans, from October 25, 1861, to the date of the surrender of that city; also copies of the correspondence on file in this Department between the President and Secretary of War and the governor of Louisiana on the same subject. A copy of General Lovell's report has been already submitted to Congress. It is believed that all the correspondence pertinent to the subject is embraced in the volume now placed before you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 4, 1863.

To the Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: I am directed by the President to forward for your attention and the proper action the following resolution of the House of Representatives of the 3rd instant:

Resolved by the House of Representatives, That the President be request to furnish this body, if not incompatible with the public interest, will copies of the correspondence between Major-General Lovell and the War Department in reference to the defenses of New Orleans from October 25, 1861, to the date of the surrender of that city; also copies off all correspondence between the President of Secretaries of War and the Navy and the governor of Louisiana on the same subject.

Your obedient servant,

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 9, 1863.

The PRESIDENT:

SIR: In response to the following resolution, adopted by the Hous of Representatives on the 3rd instant-

Resolved by the House of Representative, That the President be requested to furnish this body, if not incompatible with the public interests, with copies of the correspondence between Major-General Lovell and the War Department in reference to the defenses of New Orleans from October 25, 1861, to the date of the surrender of that city; also copies of all correspondence between the President or Secretaries of War and the Navy and the governor of Louisiana on the same subject-

I have the honor to state that this Department had no correspondence with the governor of Louisiana in reference to the defense of New Orleans from October 25, 1861, to the date of the surrender of that city. I transmit, however, copy of a letter addressed to the governor of Louisiana on September 18, 1861,* by the Department, to which no reply was received.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

