
No. 14. Return of casualties in the Union forces at Port Royal Ferry, S. C., January 1, 1862.

[Compiled from records of Adjutant-General's Office.]

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Command.	 Of	 Enli	 Offi	 Enlis	 Off	 Enli	 Aggr

 fi	 sted	 cers	 ted	 ice	 sted	 egat

 ce	 men	 	 men	 rs	 men	 e

 rs

8th Michigan	 -	 2	 1	 6	 --	 1	 10

48th New York	 -	 --	 --	 3	 --	 --	 3

50th Pennsylvania	 -	 --	 --	 2	 --	 --	 2

Total	 -	 2	 1	 11	 --	 1	 15

No. 15. Congratulatory orders from Major-General McClellan, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, A. G. O., No. 99. Washington, November 14, 1861.

The Major-General Commanding announces to the Army with sincere pleasure, 1st, the brilliant reduction of the forts in Port Royal harbor, by the officers and sailors of our gallant fleet, under command of Flag-Officer S. F. DuPont, the utter rout of the enemy, the capture of the town of Beaufort, and the landing of Brigadier General T. W. Sherman's army on the coast of South Carolina; 2nd, the victory achieved by Brigadier General William Nelson at Pikeville, Ky., in which, after two days' hard fighting, the rebels were completely defeated and put to flight; and, 3rd, the daring attack made by Brigadier General U. S. Grant, with an inferior force, on the rebels at Belmont, Mo., and the signal defeat of the latter, with a loss of all their artillery, baggage, and means of transportation.

The Major-General Commanding cannot too highly extol the steadiness, courage, and admirable conduct displayed by officers, sailors, and soldiers alike in these several engagements. He commends them to the imitation of the whole Army.

By command of Major General George B. McClellan:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

No. 16. Report of Brigadier General John C. Pemberton, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MILITARY DIST. S. C.,Pocotaligo Station, S. C., January 10, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith official reports from Brigadier General D. S&gt; Donelson, Provisional Army; Colonel James Jones, Fourteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel D. Barnes, Twelfth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, and Major C. Jones, Twelfth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, of their respective operations against the enemy in the affair on the Coosaw River on the 1st instant.

