HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA,Fort Pickens, October 15, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have to report to you that I sent the McClellan with dispatches to Flag-Officer McKean on the 9th instant, proposing a joint attack on the enemy, to which he readily acceded, and on the 11th he, with the Niagara and Colorado, arrived here. After consultation we agreed on a plan of attack, which was to have been carried into execution to-morrow morning at daybreak. At the request of the flag-officer I had lent him two Parrott rifled guns and the the steamer to carry them to this Mississippi. She returned this morning, bringing the commodore a report of the unfortunate affair at the mount of the Mississippi, which, as you will perceive by his letter (A), renders his immediate presence at the Southwest Pass necessary; and as I am thus deprived of his assistance, I have been compelled to listen to his suggestion to suspend operations until he can co-operate with me. I need not say with what feelings of disappointment I have been compelled now the third time to forego an attack on the enemy.

I intended to have sent the prisoners taken on the 9th to New York by the McClellan, but the captain represents that be cannot take them with safety to his vessel.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARVEY BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure A.]

U. S. FLAG-SHIP NIAGARA,

Off Fort Pickens, October 15, 1861.

Colonel HARVEY BROWN,

Commanding Department of Florida, Fort Pickens.

SIR: The information received by the McClellan is such as to make it indispensable that I should proceed immediately to the Mississippi. The Richmond is leaking badly, having three planks stove in below the water line by the ram. The Vincennes has thrown overcoat all her funds but four. At one of the passes there is not a sufficient force to canted with that of the enemy. It is exceedingly modifying and trying suggest that you defer your operations until I can assist you with a suitable naval force. The Colorado I will leave here. Lieutenant May will give you particulars, as I am much hurried.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. McKEAN,

Flag-Officer, Commanding Gulf Squadron.

[OCTOBER 21, 1861.-For General Butler's General Orders, Numbers 2, of this date, see Series III, Vol. I, p. 521.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA,Fort Pickens, October 29, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I herewith inclose you three letters which passed between General Bragg and myself. The two first were published by him in the

