
sixth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers and nine companies of the Ninth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, together with the First Battery of light artillery of the New England Division (Fourth Massachusetts), armed with two 6-pounder rifled guns and four 12-pounder howitzers; in the aggregate about 2,000 men, all under the immediate command of Brigadier-General Phelps, whose various reports have been from time as received forwarded to the Department, to which reference is requested for particular information in regard to the condition of that portion of General Butler's command.

There are now e route for Ship Island, on board the Constitution, the Twelfth Regiment Maine Volunteers and nine companies of the Eastern Bay State Regiment, with three companies of mounted men; say 2,200 men in the aggregate.

There are embarked on board ship in Boston Harbor, ready to sail, the Fourteenth Regiment of Maine Volunteers and the Third Battery of light artillery, New England Division (Second Vermont), armed with six 6-pounder Sawyer guns, the Second Battery of said division (First Maine), armed with six 12-pounder rifled guns, and the Fourth Battery of said division, armed with two 6-pounder rifled and four 6-pounder smooth-bore guns, with the tenth company of the Eastern Bay State Regiment; say 1,500 men.

There are in Massachusetts the Western Bay State Regiment at, now ready to start at a moment's notice, waiting only for the paymaster, and the Eight New Hampshire, now at Fort Independence, waiting for transportation, which will be ready immediately; say 1,900 men, to be 2,000 by the time of sailing.

In Connecticut the Twelfth Connecticut Volunteers at Hartford is full, and only await the paymaster to be ready to move as soon as necessary.

In Vermont the Eight Vermont Volunteer Regiment is full at Brattleborough and ready to be mustered in and to march immediately, and the Seventh Vermont Regiment Volunteers will be ready as soon as transportation is obtained for them. By the last reports they contained about 1,800 men, and will be full by the time of sailing.

There are in the State of Maine, in various conditions of readiness, the Thirteen Regiment Maine Volunteers, the Fifteenth Regiment Manine Volunteers, and five batteries of light artillery, to wit, the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Maine Batteries, which will be hurried to completion and ready for embarkation within ten days; in all about 2,500 men.

For an exact statement of the numbers and condition of the troops now in New England reference is made to the report marked A, forwarded herewith,* containing a summary of the latest reports from all in New England except from the Seventh and Eight Vermont Regiments and the Second and Sixth Maine Batteries.

A resume of these troops shows-

At Ship Island: Twenty-sixth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers; Ninth Connecticut Volunteers (nine companies); First Battery N. E. D. (Fourth Massachusetts).

E route per Constitution: Twelfth Regiment Maine Volunteers; Eastern Bay State Regiment (nine companies); three companies mounted men.

On board ship in Boston Harbor: Fourteenth Regiment Maine Volunteers; Third Battery N. E. D. (Second Vermont); Second Battery N. E. D. (First Maine); Fourth Battery N. E. D.; tenth company of Eastern Bay State Regiment.

---------------

* Omitted in view of the resume following.

---------------

