
That this force with proper supplies, be transported with the greatest possible to Ship Island and the adjacent islands, there to be made ready for such movements as may be directed in concert with the naval forces in the Gulf. It is desirable that the First Maine Cavalry and a squadron of Connecticut cavalry be dismounted,the men being given the option to be transferred to the regular dragoons or to enlist in any other arm of the service, either volunteers or regulars, or be discharged, the officers mustered out of service, and the horses taken either to mount the artillery or for the transport service.

It is desired that Captain N. A. Dudley, Tenth Infantry have leave of absence, for the purpose of taking command of the Western Bay State Regiment.

It is desired that Major Wallen, of the Seventh Infantry, have leave of absence, to take command of the Eastern Bay State Regiment. Also that the Signal Officer of the Army be permitted to detail a suitable force for signal service. That Lieutenant Palfrey, of the Engineers, be directed to report to the general commanding the Department of the Gulf.

It is desirable that a Treasury draft for $10,000, or $5,000 minimum, be passed in favor of the commanding general, on account of army contingencies, and charged to him as secret-service money. This money is designed to pay spies and purchase intelligence, without which the best schemes fail. So small a sum is asked for because will be frequent means of communication with the War Department. It is absolutely essential.

It is desirable that at least two steamers, small size and of the lightest possible draught that can be got down to the Gulf, be chartered or purchased, for the purpose of towing barges and surf-boats into the bayous and creeks. The Navy have no such light-draught boats. It would be better to charter, with privilege of purchase during the charter.

This would throw the risk of the sea voyage on the owners.

Respectfully submitted,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General Volunteers.

Memoranda of changes in General Butler's suggestions.

Confine limits of proposed department to scene of projected operations.

Strike out Fifth New York and Seventeenth Massachusetts, and substitute two regiments to be determined hereafter. Add at least four Western regiments, making-

Minimum force of infantry.................................16,800

Cavalry, three companies.................................. 275

Two companies of artillery (to serve heavy guns)......... 290

Four light batteries..................................... 580

--------

17,945

General Butler to furnish specific list of heavy ordnance and ordnance stores required.

SHIP ISLAND, MISS., February 13, 1862.

General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: At length the Constitution arrived yesterday, with two regiments of infantry and a squadron of cavalry. The season is already pretty

