
 [CHAP. XVI.
The troops will be inspected at 6 p. m. to-day, to see that this order has been complied with as far as may be necessary at that hour, to insure promptness in the embarkation to-morrow. One con-commissioned officer for each regiment will be left behind to turn over the baggage, tents, &amp;c., to the chief quartermaster.

By command of Major-General Butler:

GEO. C. STRONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, ETC., March 30, 1862.

Flag-Officer FARRAGUT,Commanding West Gulf Squadron:

SIR: I am now ready to put on board ship six regiments and two batteries, and will be able to be in the "passes" in twelve hours. I am still of opinion that an effort be made to land above the fort as soon as you can get the gunboats by. Its moral, not to say actual, effect would aid the attack, if not compel surrender. If the Navy are not to be ready for six or eight days I ought not to sail, as my coal is running short, and I cannot carry more than eight day's for sailing. May I ask that you send me word so as to reach me by Tuesday morning, and I will be embarked in waiting. If you prefer, I will be in time to attempt the landing off Isle Breton. If I can aid you in any way please command me. I shall wait your advices. If it is of importance that you advise me, please do not fail.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Organization of the troops in Department of the Gulf, March 31, 1862.

First Brigade.

Brigadier General JOHN W. PHELPS.

9th Connecticut.

12th Connecticut.

13th Connecticut.

8th New Hampshire.

7th Vermont.

8th Vermont.

4th Massachusetts Battery.

1st Vermont Battery.

2nd Vermont Battery.

2nd Battalion Massachusetts Cavalry

(one company).

Second Brigade.

Brigadier General THOMAS WILLIAMS.

21st Indiana.

26th Massachusetts.

31st Massachusetts.

6th Michigan.

4th Wisconsin.

2nd Massachusetts Battery.

6th Massachusetts Battery.

2nd Battalion Massachusetts Cavalry (one company).

Third Brigade.

Colonel GEORGE F. SHEPLEY, Twelfth Maine Infantry.

12th Maine.

13th Maine.

14th Maine.

15th Maine.

30th Massachusetts.

1st Maine Battery.

2nd Battalion Massachusetts Cavalry (one company).

