
ficient for present need at least, and as much as possible. Bring an invoice of the supplies at Ship Island, and take al the unissued clothing not absolutely needed at the island. Let the brig. Yankee Blade sail at once, without unloading; bring her invoice. Let the poetaster transfer himself to near New Orleans.

Everything is so far successful and everything requires dispatch.

2 P. M.

I am now at the passes. I find the Great Republic ashore there, hors de combat. I am tired of waiting for her any longer. Take the Ocean Pearl, or any other ship that does not draw more than 15 fee, for the horses; use your own discretion; the revere is now open and free.

I am, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Abstract from return of the Western District, Department of the South, Brigadier General Lewis G. Arnold, U. S. Army, commanding, for April, 1862.

Garrisons	 Troops	 Officers	 Men	 Aggregate

 	 	 	 present

Sant Rosa

Island, Fla.:

Fort Pickens	 Detachments 1st	 18	 527	 640

 and 2nd

 Artillery and

 3rd Infantry

Camp Lincoln	 6th New York	 22	 449	 676

 Infantry

Camp Seward	 75th New York	 26	 655	 803

 Infantry

 Total	 66	 1,631	 2,119

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 15. New Orleans, May 1, 1862.

I. In anticipation of the immediate disembarkation of the troops of this command, amid the temptations and inducements of a large city, all plundering of public or private property, by any persons, is hereby forbidden, under the severest penalties.

II. No officer or soldier will absent himself from his station without arms or alone under any pretext whatever.

III. The commanders of regiments and companies will be held responsible for the strict execution of these orders and that the offenders are brought to punishment.

By command of Major-General Butler:

GEO. C. STRONG,

Assistance Adjutant-General.

PROCLAMATION.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 1, 1862.

The city of New Orleans and its environs, with all its interior exterior defenses, having been surrendered to the commend naval and land

