
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 22. New Orleans, May 4, 1862.

The commanding general of the department having been informed that rebellious, lying, and desperate men have represented, and are now representing, to honest planters and good people of the State of Louisiana that the United States Government, by its forces, have come here to confiscate and destroy their corps of cotton and sugar, it is hereby ordered to be made known, by publication in all the newspapers of this city, that all cargoes of cotton and sugar shall receive the safe from beyond the lines of the United States; and the boats bringing them from beyond the lines of the United States forces may be allowed to provided they bring no passengers except the owners and managers of said both and of the property so conveyed, and no other merchandise except provisions, of which such boats are requested to bring a full supply for the benefit of the poor of this city.

By command of Major-General Butler:

GEO. C. STRONG,

Assistance Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 23. New Orleans, May 6, 1862.

A military commission, of not less than five commissioned officers of and above the rank of captain, with a recorder and legal adviser, is constituted and appointed, for the trial of all high crimes and misdemeanors which by the laws of any State in the Union, or the United States, or the laws martial, are punishable with death or imprisonment for a long term of years.

The sentence of such courts will be assimilated to those provided by such laws, due regard being had to the necessity of severity and for prompt punishment incident to the crimes and disorders arising from a state of war.

The commission will sit at all convenient hours for the dispatch of business, will be attended by the provost-marshal or his assistants, all its orders respected and obeyed, and its summonses complied with.

As the motives of men make so largely the element of the crimes, cognizable by this commission, the rules of evidence of the English common law may be so far relaxed as to allow the accused to be questioned in presence of the commission, always leaving it to this free choice to respond or not to the questions proposed.

The accusation will be substantially in the form used in courts-martial, excepting that it should fully set forth a description of the accused, his residence and business, whether or not he has been a loyal citizen, his antecedents, character, and acts in that regard, so far as known, which portion of the accusation may be put in controversy at the trials, provided the accused be not a soldier of the United States.

All proceedings, findings, and sentences of this commission are to be subjected to the approval of the commanding general, and will be carried into effect upon his order.

The following-named officers are detailed for and will constitute such commission:

1. Colonel Henry C. Deming, Twelfth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers.

2. Colonel N. A. M. Dudley, Thirtieth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

