
at the point (a) on the Southeast Spit of Pinto's Island. This may be done mostly by contract (say with Mr. John King or Mr. Gregg).

On Dauphin Island you will sent some batteries, and should consult the commanding officer as to their dispositions. One or two rifled 32-pounders opposite Pelican Island, another of the same kind half way thence to the point of woods, and a strong battery across the island at that point, would seem advisable. For the armament of al these redoubts and batteries you have available fourteen 32-pounders at Fort Morgan, and thirty to be sent from North Carolina-44.

You will want for the advanced redoubts as Fort Morgan, say, 12 guns, including several rifled batteries; on Dauphin, 12; at Grant's Pass, rifled, 7; at Fort Gaines 2 additional on each curtain-10; at battery near Choctaw Point, rifled, 4; in all required, 39. The remaining 5, together with the old guns rebored, should be mounted on siege carriages, and be placed at the disposal of the city troops, to serve as batteries of position for defense of the city. These, with the light artillery disposable there, would be sufficiently formidable. You will go on with Fort Gaines as rapidly as possible, finish the bastions and curtains, with the privy, and the opening there should be closed at once. Make the rampart, the parapet, and the breast-height wall continuous. The breast-height of the covered way will be revetted with planks, and the glaces the covered way. Above all, make carriages and mount guns (green heart pine will answer very well), say, the traverse circles at the flank casemates.

It has proved impossible to get funds, probably because of the sickness of the President. They will be sent at the earliest possible moment. Up to the end of August it will be beast to pay in my name, and I will sign and certify the accounts here.

Very respectfully, you obedient servant,

D. LEADBETTER,

Major Engineers, Acting Chief of Bureau.

ENGINEER BUREAU,

Richmond, Va., September 4, 1861.

Cap. S. H. LOCKETT,

Corps of Engineers, Mobile, Ala., Fort Gaines:

SIR: I have now every prospect of getting all the irons for 32-pounder gun-carriages made here, and I propose, therefore, to send them on to you. You should go on in the shortest possible timer to have the timber sawed and all the sticks got ut of the proper sizes, the chassis made, and for the upper carriages everything done but the assembling, for the guns on the carriages can be furnished. The Department is now very anxious to push forward the rifling of guns, and I am sure you will see that there is no delay in that of our 32-pounders. A few of those not yet mounted should be sent first to Mr. Skates, and as soon as one is finished let it be returned and substituted on the carriage of a smoothbore and try it. This matter should go on night and day, Sundays and week days, cheap or costly.

Presuming that you are to have the 32-pounders from North Carolina, (30), 14 on hand, and, say, 6 old guns, you will have 50 in all. You have on hand a few carriages, but how many I don't know. Telegraph me the number of carriages for which you want me to provide irons.

The columbiad carriages lately received do not fit the guns. Let all of

