
one section of Captain Leake's Virginia artillery, Lieutenant Leake commanding.

I found the command well placed, under direction of E. F. Bookter, senior captain. On my arrival a heavy cannonading from two of the enemy's gunboats, chiefly in the direction of the Island battery (not yet completed), was going on. I immediately sent a small detachment to this battery, which reported that the enemy had burned it and made their escape. Very soon another of the enemy's gunboats came in sight from the direction of Cunningham's Bluff and lay off Page's Point. The three gunboats then commenced a heavy fire of shells in all directions-I supposed with a view of effecting a landing. I immediately moved the command under a considerable shelling, but without loss, to a point of safety about three-fourths of a mile from the boats, where I remained during the day. About 4 o'clock the enemy threw on shore some 20 men, under protection of their guns. The remained a short time and returned to their boats. At night I fell back to the springs, and at about 2 o'clock in the night I sent forward a detachment of 15 men, under command of Lieutenant Roseborough, and burned all the cotton and corn on the Point. This was effected in the face of the enemy, who lay in their gunboats off Page's Point during the night.

In the morning I returned to my former position. The boats of the enemy were still off the Point, where they remained without attempting to land, but passing occasionally in the direction of Cunningham's Bluff, until the afternoon, when they left. At the same time I observed the enemy leave Port Royal Ferry, as reported at the time.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CAD'R JONES,

Major, Twelfth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

Brigadier-General PEMBERTON.

No. 21. Reports of Colonel William E. Martin, Mounted Regiment.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTED REGIMENT, January 4, 1861, [1862].

GENERAL: I avail myself of your suggestion to-day relative to the action of the 1st merely to report that a detachment of my regiment, under Major G. W. Oswald, reported to Colonel Jones early in the day, and participated in the engagement with their double-barreled guns and navy revolvers; that I was detained by General Pemberton at his headquarters, and it was in carrying orders for him that I had the pleasure of meeting you, and my local knowledge, which I have diligently acquired, enabled me to point out the way through the woods which you followed. Further, I have only to add that after the engagement I, with Colonel McGowan, rode at full speed to the causeway near the enemy's position, ascertained the condition of the wounded, and with the same gentleman, and Dr. Turnipseed and some soldiers returned and brought away the wounded in a wagon, the enemy shelling us while so engaged.

Respectfully submitted.

W. E. MARTIN,Colonel Mounted Regiment.

Brigadier-General DONELSON.

