
 [CHAP. XVI.
like the Miramon should be immediately bought for that service, and be armed with one or two heavy guns.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

D. LEADBETTER,

Major of Engineers, Acting Chief of Bureau.

RICHMOND, September 23, 1861.

General DAVID E. TWIGGS:

Will send you an active and competent brigadier-general this week. Will send you powder as fast as we can procure it.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, September 25, 1861.

JOHN FORSYTH,

Mayor, Mobile, Ala.:

I have ordered 50 barrels of cannon powder sent from Nashville to Mobile, also 100 barrels to New Orleans, also 12 tons of saltpeter to New Orleans for immediate manufacture. Further supplies will be sent at the earliest possible moment.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS CONFEDERATE STATES,Near Pensacola, Fla., September 25, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: You will pardon me for the freedom of addressing you, but the subject is of vital importance, and requires prompt attention. For some time a growing dissatisfaction has existed here among the regular officers of the Army from the old United States service, which has culminated in a number of resignations. They have seen themselves overlooked by their Government, while their juniors in years and service, and I think their inferiors in many cases, were put over them in rank in other armies. To this they submitted without a murmur, and labored incessantly, doing what their superiors in rank here could not do, but for which they were receiving the credit. The last feather, however, has broken the camel's back. The Department, just before you reentrance on its duties, came into their midst, and selected one of the very youngest of their number for the grade of colonel. Lieutenant (Colonel) Wheeler is a very excellent officer, and none envy him his good fortune, but they cannot see the justice of the apparent refection on themselves. The jealousy with which professional soldiers look upon military rank is second only, my dear sir, to that of honor. For whatever success I have attained in me efforts for the organization and instruction of this army I am indebted to these officers. You can see, then, how keenly I may share the mortification which has been inflicted on them, and I sincerely trust the Department will be able to assist me in sinal influence heretofore exerted has availed them nothing.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

