HEADQUARTERS MOUNTED REGIMENT,Heywood, January 4, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 1st instant I received orders from Brigadier-General Pemberton to send a detachment of forty cavalry to report to General Jones, near the ferry. The detachment was under Captain Evans, as commander of the company, and Major Oswald, of my regiment. The detachment continued to act as a reserve, though engaged occasionally with the enemy's skirmishers, whom they assisted in driving back, the double-barreled gun and navy revolver having proved useful. General Pemberton directed me to remain at his headquarters.

At 3 p.m. he sent me to the scene of action to observe and report. On my way I overtook General Donelson with one of his regiments and led them to position by the general's request. I had no other part in the affair, except that soon after our regiments retired to the cover of the wood I proposed to Lieutenant-Colonel McGowan, of Jones' regiment, to reconnoiter the field in search of our wounded. This we did, advancing on horseback at [full] speed to the spot in the causeway, where the shell exploded which did us the principal damage.

This was within 100 yards of the enemy's position at Chaplin's house. Having found the wounded, we returned with Dr. Turnipseed, of Dunovant's regiment, and a few soldiers, and with a wagon we brought the wounded away under the shells of the enemy aimed at us and the wagon containing the wounded.

I have no casualties to report in my command.

Respectfully submitted.

WM. E. MARTIN,

Colonel Mounted Regiment.

Lieutenant J. H. MORRISON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Military District S. C.

No. 22. Return of casualties in the Confederate forces at Port Royal Ferry, S. C., January 1, 1862.

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Offi	 Enli	 Off	 Enli	 Aggr	 Remarks.

 cers	 sted	 ice	 sted	 egat

 	 men	 rs	 men	 e

12th South	 --	 1	 --	 4	 5

Carolina

14th South	 1	 6	 1	 19	 27	 Lieutenant

Carolina	 	 	 	 	 	 J. A. Powers,

 	 	 	 	 	 killed.

Martin's regiment	 --	 --	 --	 --	 --	 No

 	 	 	 	 	 casualties.

Total	 1	 7	 1	 23	 32

JANUARY 16, 1862.-Naval descent upon Cedar Keys, Fla.

Reports of Brigadier General J. H. Trapier, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL FORCES,DEPARTMENT EAST AND MIDDLE FLORIDA,

Fernandina, Fla., January 20, 1862.

CAPTAIN: On the 16th instant the enemy, in a steamer armed with five guns, made a descent upon the harbor and village of Cedar Keys.

