
Abstract from field return of troops of the Confederate States near Pensacola, Fla., May. General Braxton Bragg commanding, for October 1, 1861.

Commands.	 Officers	 Men	 Aggregate present

1st (Ruggles')	 150	 2,778	 3,686

Brigade

2nd (Anderson's)	 125	 2,061	 2,698

brigade

Alabama Mounted	 2	 76	 94

Rifles (Jenkins)

Walton guards	 4	 51	 55

(McPherson)

Total	 281	 4,966	 6,533

NEW ORLEANS, October 4, 1861.

TO SECRETARY OF WAR:

Black Republicans assembling a fleet at Head of Passes. The Richmond, a sloop of war, a schooner, a captured pilot-board, and the Water Witch were there yesterday evening. I will send some powder and reenforcements to Colonel Duncan immediately. I do not think Fort Jackson is the point that will be attacked. I will try to be ready to meet them at all points.

D. E. TWIGGS.

ENGINEER BUREAU,

Richmond, Va., October 7, 1861.

Captain S. H. LOCKETT,

Corps of Engineers, Mobile, Ala.:

SIR: Your letter of the 1st instant has been received.* The commanding general being responsible for the defense, he decides what works shall be built and when. Your own responsibility ends when your views have been made known to him officially.

With regard to armament, I had supposed that having the Secretary';s order for thirty guns from North Carolina we were sure to get them, but there is no hope in that quarters. From present appearances I would not recommend you to rely on getting any more heavy guns or carriages from this quarter. The demands from all directions are urgent, and the Secretary says he cannot give when he has not got. If you do not get heavy guns for the remaining bastions of Fort Gaines-and I see no probability of getting them-you will have to mount a rifled 32 in each. If the flank guns fail (and I can gain no information of them) you had better fasten the embrasure shutters firmly, and make a loop-hole for musketry in each. Of course you will have the guns rifled for Grant's Pass, and another gun ought to be added there. When I left, the magazine at that place was n sufficiently covered.

I see you have had a broadside. One heavy rifled gun left on the 3rd.

Very truly, yours,

D. LEADBETTER,

Major Engineers, Acting Chief of Bureau.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

