SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 173. Richmond, Va., October 7, 1861.

* * * * * * * *

IX. The command of Major General Braxton Bragg, Provisional Army, is extended to embrace the coast and State of Alabama.

* * * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TROOPS OF C. S., Numbers 110. Near Pensacola, Fla., October 12, 1861.

I. Brigadier General Daniel Ruggles, Provisional Army, is relieved from duty with this command, and will proceed to New Orleans, and report to Major-General Twiggs, in conformity to special orders from the War Department.

The regret of the commanding general in parting with General Ruggles, whose labors have been so untiring and efficient with this army, is lessened by the knowledge of his transfer to a more extended field in Louisiana, where he is commended tot he confidence of many friends.

II. Brigadier-General Gladden, Provisional Army, is assigned tot he First (Ruggles') Brigade. Colonel J. Patton Anderson is relieved from the command of his regiment, the First Florida, and will relieve Brigadier-General Gladden in command of the Second (Anderson's) Brigade.

III. The habit again growing up in the army of an indiscriminate waste of ammunition must be discontinued. No guns will be loaded except on the advanced and beach picket guards, and their guns will be discharged at a target the next morning at sunrise under their respective officers. The discharge of a gun at any other hour will subject the offender to arrest and trial. Captain Jenkins' company,mounted volunteers, will patrol the camps of the whole army for the enforcement of this order, and all officers will be held accountable for any infringement. Not only our success but our safety depends on a preservation of our very limited supply of ammunition.

By command of Major-General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., October 13, 1861.

Gov. THOMAS O. MOORE,

New Orleans, La.:

MY DEAR SIR: I snatch a moment this (Sunday) evening to answer your favor of the 29th ultimo. Matters have been so changed since the date of that letter that it is scarcely necessary to do more than say that I have used every effort in my power to put [you] in such a position as shall allay all fears relative to the defenses of New Orleans.

Major General Mansfield Lovell, a brilliant, energetic, and accomplished officer, has been assigned to the command of your department. Powder, saltpeter, and cannon have been forwarded, and will be still further supplied as fast as they can be possibly spared, and the recent gallant dash

