
cola will devolve upon Brigadier-General Gladden, pending the disability of Brigadier General R. H. Anderson.

The official designation of the forces at and near Pensacola will in future be, "Army of Pensacola."

By command of Major-General Bragg:

GEO. AG. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., October 23, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

Is it impossible to give us powder or saltpeter in quantity immediately?

M. LOVELL.

RICHMOND, VA., October 23, 1861.

General MANSFIELD LOVELL,

New Orleans, La.:

We calculate that we have sent in powder and saltpeter to New Orleans within the last month the equivalent of 500 barrels of powder, to be added to the stock previously on hand. We can spare no more at present without urgent necessity. Telegraph me what your whole supply is.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 1, C. S. A., New Orleans, La., October 25, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,Acting Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I have received your telegram relative to the amount of powder and saltpeter sent to this point within the past month, but think it hardly advisable to make known our deficiency through the telegraph office.

Your dispatch says that "the equivalent of 500 barrels of powder has been sent here within a month." I find no correct returns of ordnance and ordnance stores from the various posts, but have sent a circular calling for them, and am getting them in. I know that the acting ordnance officer has several invoices of powder which have not yet come to hand. Admit, however, that we have 500 barrels. We have now at the various forts and approaches 210 guns in position and about 100 more that we shall soon have in place, giving in all 310 guns of the caliber of a 24-pounder and upwards. The average charge, large and small, will be 8 pounds for each gun, or 2,380 pounds for a single round apiece. Five hundred barrels contains 50,000 pounds, which would give us 20 rounds per gun, not more than enough for an hour's fight; but the powder received from Memphis was quite worthless. More than 30 barrels invoiced to us have not arrived,a nd we loaned Commodore Hollins the powder with which he made his attack upon the vessels above the passes a few days since. We have therefore less than 20 rounds per gun.

I am hurrying into operations two mills which will give us 6,000 or 8,000 pounds per day if we can get saltpeter, and have sent an agent

