
and by the State of Alabama, I have ordered to report to General Withers, at Mobile.

This will give an efficient force of about 7,000 here and 5,000 at Mobile. From what I learn of the force in Louisiana from private sources I suppose we could calculate on assembling 15,000 men at any point the enemy might assail from this to New Orleans.

If nothing intervenes, we shall pass a train from here to Mobile on the 11th. By giving assistance and working at night this result is accomplished some days sooner than we expected.

I am much in need of some young and active navy officers for my small gunboats. They were promised me verbally last summer, and I have since applied for them. Our landsmen are but poor substitutes.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, November 7, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

I have ordered the troops under my command to Pensacola and Mobile, and shall, unless otherwise directed, proceed to Mobile myself.

L. P. WALKER.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., November 8, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

Mill here now ready. Can make 3,000 pounds of powder per day, but without an ounce of saltpeter. Cannot you send it from Memphis?

THO. O. MOORE.

RICHMOND, VA., November 8, 1861.

Gov. THOMAS O. MOORE,

New Orleans, La.:

It is impossible for me to comprehend what has become of the saltpeter sent to New Orleans. I have sent 24 tons, and cannot learn that one pound has been received or one pound of powder made. On September 26, 3 tons were sent by freight; on September 27, 1 ton sent by express; on October 1, 3 tons were sent by express; on October 2, 7 tons were sent by express; on November 2, 10 tons were sent by express. All this was sent from Augusta, and I cannot get the acknowledgment that one pound was ever received, and you now say you have not one ounce. This mystery must be explained before I can send any more.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO., 1, C. S. A., New Orleans, La., November 8, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Governor Moore has just handed me your dispatch of to-day relative to saltpeter. The amount named therein (24 tons) will

