
all have been received when the 10 tons now on their way from Augusta shall arrive. The acting ordnance officer, Captain Rawle, informs me that he has not yet acknowledged the receipt of the 14 tons already received, because he has had no invoices with the greater part of it, and does not know from whom it came. The only invoice we have from Augusta is that for 10 tons now on the way. Every pound we have on hand is being made up into powder, but a good deal of it is so mixed with foreign matter that it does not give more than pound for pound of powder; but when all made up it will only make about 50,000 pounds, which when distributed will give us about 20 rounds per gun, as fully explained in my letter to you of the 25th ultimo.

We have a battery of light artillery here, raised by order of General Twiggs, composed of Confederate recruits under Captain Higgins, with a competent of four horses to each gun and caisson. He applies to but find no legal authority for employing one. I am satisfied that a good farrier would more than pay for himself, especially here, where the price of horses is so high. Will you authorize his employment?

I have been requested to ask your attention to the case of Dr. S. Burke, now on duty at Fort Jackson. He was the surgeon on duty with the Louisiana Regiment of Artillery when it was mustered into the Confederate service on 1st June, but my some oversight on the part of the mustering officer he was not transferred. He nevertheless remained he received his commission. This he hesitates to accept, as he thereby loses nearly four months' rank and pay and one of his juniors takes precedence of him. He asks that his appointment may date 1st June, the day of transfer of the regiment with which he has been serving since its entry into service. His zeal and attention to duty are highly spoken of by his commander, Colonel Duncan, who intercedes for him in this act of justice.

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your printed circular of instructions, as also of your letter of 29th ultimo. I have to thank you for the expression of confidence therein contained, and shall do my utmost to prove that the administration has made no mistake in my case. We are progressing rapidly towards a good state of defense. The interior line of works will soon be complete and the guns mounted. I have increased the armament of Forts Pike and Macomb by four 42s each, and have sent twelve to Colonel Duncan for the forts below. I think we shall make a complete obstruction of the raft (see the sketch I sent the President), and if we stop the enemy's ships we can hammer them to pieces, if the powder holds out.

I have sent 1,000 men to Berwick Bay, and have called for four companies of mounted men (local-defense men) from Saint Mary's Parish, mainly to show themselves occasionally among the negroes.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. LOVELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

O'BANNONVILLE, November 11, 1861.

General COOPER:

Railroad to Mobile completed this morning. It is equal to 3,000 men at each end.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

