
the regiment referred to. He informs me there are nineteen companies in all-ten organized as a regiment under him and nine other independent companies; that they construed the order variously, but that his companies would refuse to come except as an organized regiment. The other nine, however, would move under the order and soon be here.

With these facts before you, it is for the Department to solve the question. Colonel T. H. Watts' Alabama regiment for the war arrived yesterday; aggregate about 900.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 23, 1861.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War. Colonel Dowd's regiment has since been ordered to Savannah, to report to General Lee. I have no recollection of the telegram of Major Hessee.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF PENSACOLA, Near Pensacola, Fla., November 19, 1861.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL C. S. ARMY,Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The process of reorganizing the twelve-months' men in this army for the war, under a suggestion from the President, had been commenced,a nd a few companies were in progress. The plan was to allow the men of the same regiment to form companies and elect their officers, when they would be mustered in for the war and discharged on their when they would be mustered in for the war and discharged on their old engagements. These companies to be attached to their old regiments until a sufficient number were obtained for a regiment, when the companies would be aggregated, and the field officers appointed by the President.

A letter from the Secretary of War, of the 9th of November, in reply to my request for the discharge of Captain Posey's company, First Alabama Regiment, lays down a principle, necessary in that case to make it conform to law, which I fear is incompatible with the course proposed by me, and I must therefore suspend my action until further advised. If the men must be first discharged and then re-enlisted, but few will be secured. Most of them having the option will insist on going home, and nothing but the presence of an enemy in sight will prevent it; and if their re-enlistment is postponed until near the time of their discharge the same desire to get home, with an immediate prospect of gratifying it, will have the same result. The arrival of a goodly number of unarmed men, ready to receive all guns as soon as turned in, will stimulate re-enlistments; and one company of the instructed and disciplined soldiers of the oldest force here will be worth any two just formed.

I am, sir, very respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General, Commanding.

