
Colonel Preston, who was to join my staff, has gone to South Carolina. Am I not entitled to two officers in the adjutant and inspector general's department-one lieutenant colonel and one major?

I have received the appointments of Majors Palfrey and Lanier. General Ruggles has been sick since his arrival here, which has devolved all the inspection of troops upon me from Berwick to Mississippi City. I was in hopes that the President would act on my request in relation to Colonel Duncan. Matters, however, by dint of incessant attention, are progressing favorably, and I hope soon to be able to report myself as beyond the chances of an attack.

Has your attention been called to the fact that the enemy can land near East Pascagoula and march 24 miles over a good road into Mobile? I understand that there are no entrenched lines on the land side around that city, but can hardly think it possible that it has not been done. If so, it is an easy road from Ship Island to Mibile.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. LOVELL,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF PENSACOLA, Near Pensacola, Fla., November 21, 1861.

With a view of preserving to our cause the invaluable services of those soldiers he has so long commanded with pride, the general is desirous of reorganizing his old regiments for the war. The advantages to be obtained by the officers and men themselves are so apparent as to give the strongest hope of a large success. But few of us, if any, can witnessing the labors of our mothers, wives, and daughters, nobly working for their defenders in the field.

To receive a discharge and go home temporarily, with a view of again enlisting in some other command, will subject the soldier to many annoyances he has probably not contemplated. He will never again be as well satisfied, mixed up, as he will be, with strangers and raw men, where he will have to go through all the drudgery of elementary instruction, so essential to them, but irksome to him. All his former acanthion, so essential to them, but irksome to him. All his former acquaintances and esprit de crops will be lost, and he will be looked on as a raw recruit instead of a veteran of one campaign. Above all, he will lose his arms, for the army is now full of men eager to see him depart, that they may secure his gun, with which to win a name. To return with an old shot-gun, or perhaps with no gun at all, and wait a chance opportunity to secure what has been thrown away, will be the fate of those who thus depart. Those who remain may confidently rely on soon being employed actively-if not here, at some other point to which they can now be sent, their places being supplied by the new troops; and as far as he can do so, consistently with his sense of duty, the general will allow to those who re-enlist and require it an opportunity to visit home and arrange their business affairs. This indulgence will be granted to re-enlisted men in preference to all others.

1. Companies of not less than 64 privates (a larger number would be preferred), with their proper officers, non-commissioned officers, and musicians, will be received and mustered for the war, retaining their present arms and equipments, when they will be discharged from their old engagements and paid off to that date.

2. Such companies will be attached to their old regiments until a sufficient number is obtained to constitute a new regiment, when they

