
will be aggregated, and field officers will be appointed by the President. In making these appointments he will no doubt be influenced by a known desire of a large majority of a regiment, ascertained through the proper military channel; but no elections will be held and no electioneering will be tolerated. Merit, not popularity, will control the selections.

Such of his veterans as are willing to join him for the war the general will be proud to receive, as evincing a confidence he has labored to deserve. It may not be his good fortune to lead them against the enemy, but on any field and against nay foe he will answer for their conduct, and predict for them a brilliant victory or a glorious death.

By command of Major General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

O'BANNONVILLE, November 23, 1861.

General S. COOPER:

General Withers should have the assistance of two regular officers of rank and experience. Dissipation and a want of experience and organization will cause me to tremble for the result if he is vigorously attacked now.

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT ALABAMA AND WEST FLORIDA, November 28, 1861.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL C. S. ARMY,Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The arrival of an unorganized regiment of Mississippi yesterday gives us at this place now four new regiments, 3,000 men at least, with only about 600 efficient arms between them. About the same state of affairs exists at Mobile. These men will at once be put to a rigid course of instruction, and, with the example and influence of our well-instructed, well-disciplined veterans, will soon be made into good soldiers. When arms can be had for them is hall be able to spare a considerable portion of my gallant little army for more active, and therefore more gratifying, service elsewhere.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF PENSACOLA, Near Pensacola, Fla., November 29, 1861.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL C. S. ARMY,Richmond, Va.:

SIR: To transmit some letters to our prisoners of war and send over the free negro in my possession to his friends I yesterday sent a flag to Fort Pickens, with a communication to Colonel Brown, a copy of which I inclose.* He refused to receive my communication or to reply, and only consented to take the negro after one of his officers specially waited on him to represent the urgency of the case. Fort Pickens is not seriously injured, of course, as my fire was not directed at the fort, which is ours, but at those inside of it. The armament and garrison seem to

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

