
Dr. William Bailey's place-Old Dominion; found some potatoes; corn-house burnt, together with two or three other outbuildings; 1 horse and 1 mule shot, supposed to have been killed by the pickets on Saturday in a field near by; 1 horse reported wounded. The detachment of cavalry thrown in advance examined the next plantation to the southeast of the road and reported no provisions, but the ruins of the corn-house still smoking. About 3 miles from the cut, just at the crossing of the Edisto Ferry road, at Mr. William Whaley's place, found 4 negroes-Joe and his wife-belonging to Mr. Whaley, and in charge of the place; Bill, belonging to W. G. Baynard, these all old and infirm, and Peter, belonging to Henry Seabrook. Peter's manner being very insubordinate, and his holding one hand in his pocket exciting suspicion, he was seized, searched, and tied on the discovery of a sharp knife in the pocket where he had kept his hand. Old Joe, on interrogation, confessed to having heard of the attack of Saturday, and said he could lead us to the rendezvous of the attacking party. Mounting some 30 infantry behind as many cavalry, I proceeded with this force, added to the cavalry, to the point-Miss Mary Seabrook's-under guidance of Joe, but no trace of the negroes could be discovered. The dwelling-house had been very little used by the negroes, and their own houses deserted for a length of time. Returning to Whaley's, I spent the night there. At Mr. Whaley's we found some 400 bushels of corn and a few pigs.

On the 23rd send Peter, under guard, to the pickets at Watt's Cut with 1 horse and saddle; took 1 mule and cart and moved down the main road towards Mr. Townsend's. One detachment of cavalry covered my front, while another visited the places on either side of the road. The detachment on the south and east of the road soon found a party of negroes, some 10 in number, whom I ordered to be taken into custody, and, through a fortunate misunderstanding of the order, they were sent immediately back to Watt's Cut; I therefore cannot report their names or place of capture. Moving slowly until past the Episcopal Church, my advanced party captured Paul, belonging to the estate of James Clark; Penny, his wife, and Victoria, his child, belonging to Mr. Henry Bailey, and on his place. One mule and cart were taken from this place. Under guidance of Paul I directed my march towards Point of Pines, in which locality he said a number of negroes were assembled.

Arrived at Mr. Edward Whaley's place, a number of negroes were taken in the house and yard. They had assembled here from all points. While securing these several others were taken in the adjoining roads and fields, some in buggies, some on horseback, and some in carts. Leaving a guard over the negroes taken, I moved on, under guidance of Paul, to Mr. Hopkinson's place, while a small party, under Messrs. Elliott and Curry (I omitted to state that a Jehossee these gentlemen reported to me by order of the general commanding), proceeded to Mr. Berwick Legare's place.

By this time the alarm had been given, and the negroes were on the move for the lower part of the island; the number captured was therefore less than it would otherwise have been. A number were seen by Messrs. Elliott and Curry making their escape. Crossing a long foot-bridge from Hopkinson's to Mr. Edward Seabrook's, several negroes were taken at the latter place. Our party was there joined by Major Palmer, who, with his detachment, had passed through a number of plantations, among others those of Mr. Evans Eddings, Mr. Lastree, and one belonging to the estate of Berwick Legare. At these places he had either captured or pursued negroes, and our hands were now

