
Governor Pettus, under authority from Richmond, is mustering in and sending here some companies rather poorly armed and equipped. I shall have to complete them from the Government stores in such manner as to make them effective. I have sent one of my staff to Jackson, to endeavor to make such arrangements with the governor as will conduce to some more systematic concert of action. Some of the State organizations allow more officers to a company than the Confederate law permits, and where the companies are first mustered into the State service and then transferred we are compelled to drop one or more of the officers. I had much rather send an officer from here to muster in the companies, as it saves trouble in the end.

If I do not need the $195,000 placed to my credit I will advise you at once.

I have to thank you for your prompt and considerate attention and assistance in my duties here. It gives me unbounded satisfaction.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. LOVELL,

Major-General. C. S. Army.

[Inclosure.]

NASHVILLE, TENN., January 17, 1862.

"MY DEAR L.: I feel very anxious about a certain matter. The amounts received now are less than what they were two months since. It is absolutely necessary that we should receive supplies from other sources, and I trust the arrangements to that effect will be speedily put into operation. I am in a better position to know the situation of the Confederacy in the matter in question than any other person, and you will understand me when I urge the absolute necessity of increasing our store. It is in vain for one portion of the country to be placed in a secure state of defense and broad openings left at the other place. The safety of each part depends at last on the security of the whole. You may feel entirely safe from successful attack, but other vital points have not your resources, and their necessities must be looked after without delay. The Secretary gave me full powers to make and authorize any contract I might deem necessary in my department, but I have seen no prospect so promising wherever I have been as the one we spoke of. I trust you will bring your energy to assist in the matter. It is more vital to the country than anything else at this period."

[Indorsement.]

The "certain matter" referred to in the beginning of the above extract was the proposed plan for obtaining saltpeter, which I submitted to you, through Major Rains, in December.

M. L.

NEW ORLEANS ARSENAL LA., January 24, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance, C. S. Army, Richmond:

COLONEL: I am instructed by Major General M. Lovell to request that you please order from Nashville, Tenn., 10,000,000, or such a number as you can spare, of percussion musket caps, which are absolutely needed here, there being none on hand to complete the cartridges already made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD LAMBERT,

Military Storekeeper, Commanding.

