
the position of the enemy. Should you find him in strength and position as would warrant a successful attack, you will attack and drive him at least under cover of his guns.

Captain Miller reports that there is a considerable quantity of potatoes and some corn on the island. You will destroy all you possibly can with your party. All negroes taken will be brought over to the main-land to be sent to jail. Should any attempt to escape, they will be shot. On your return make a written report of your operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel P. F. STEVENS,

Commanding Holcombe Legion.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND MIL. DIST. S. C., No. 10. Charleston, January 21, 1862.

I. An expedition to act against the enemy in North Edisto will proceed to Seabrook's Island without delay.

Captain Ives, engineer, C. S. Army, will have charge of the attack, being informed of the desires of the brigadier-general commanding,and his directions will be obeyed accordingly.

Captain Alfred Rhett, S. C. artillery, will have charge of the firing party, and will receive instructions to open fire from Captain Ives. Colonel Clement H. Stevens, volunteer aide-de-camp, will detail from the unattached troops in camp near the junction of Wappoo and Stono Rivers such infantry force as is requisite for support.

II. Lieutenant H. K. Stevens, C. S. Navy, is detailed as ordnance officer, and will report and communicate with Captains Ives and Rhett.

III. The commander of the different parties will report to Captain Ives for duty on engineer service until in action, and receive instructions from that officer in the absence of other orders, the duty having been performed.

By order of Brigadier-General Ripley:

LEO. D. WALKER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 26-28, 1862.-Reconnaissance to Wilmington Narrows, Ga., and naval engagement.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General Horatio G. Wright, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General Horatio G. Wright, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS,Hilton Head, S. C., January 29, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance of the instructions of the general commanding, dated the 21st and 25th instant, I proceeded on the morning of the

