
disciplinarian and infantry instructor, an indomitable will to execute what he knows to be my purpose, I hope for the happiest results. Brigadier General J. K. Jackson, at whose prompt appointment I felt greatly gratified, replaces General Gladden here, and will fill his place with credit.

I shall in a few days go over to Mobile, to remain some two or three weeks, with a view of putting things in a better condition there; and if necessary shall assume the immediate command, though not with a view of making it my permanent headquarters. Such action might look like a violation of the right of rank in case of General Withers; but, as in the case of General Walker, if the public good, which must be paramount to all other consideration now, demands it, my action will be prompt and decided. I trust, however, that my presence, and the services of Brigadier-General Gladden, with the excellent staff he carried from here, strengthened by the approval the Department has so far extended to my exertions, will fully accomplish the desired object.

Recent advices from Ship Island represent the enemy as having some 8,000 or 10,000 men, but making no preparations for a descent on us at this time. Expeditions are apparently sent from there to other points, and probably the one to Cedar Keys was of the number. Should no move against us take place in the next four weeks, I shall look upon their forces as merely intended to hold us in check by threatening our positions, and would recommend the withdrawal of a portion of the oldest and best forces in this department for service elsewhere. Could such an assurance be given, re-enlistments in our twelve-months' men would be greatly stimulated.

We continue to receive supplies from Havana by small vessels running the blockade, both here and at Mobile. A good invoice of some very essential medicines was obtained last week by an arrival here.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General, Commanding.

[FEBRUARY 2, 1862.-Requisition made by the Confederate Government upon the State of Louisiana for five and a half "war regiments."

Requisition appears in Series IV, Vol. I.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.1,New Orleans, La., February 4, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: On the 30th ultimo your telegram stated that $195,000 was on its way to me to pay for powder. When the drafts arrived one was for $120,000 and the other for $7,500, instead of $75,000, the sum necessary to make up the total stated by you. I have no doubt that it was the intention to make it the latter sum, as the estimated value of the cargo of the Vanderbilt was more than $180,000, which, with the transportation to this point, would bring it up to the sum named by you. As General Hebert has taken half of the powder, I shall not pay for the whole until I hear from him what part of his half was damaged. In the part received by me there were forty boxes more or less damaged.

The draft for $120,000 was drawn upon the Treasurer at Richmond,

