
notice that, for want of the requisite means, they are forced to decline any further orders from the Government.

It has also come to the knowledge of this committees that private citizens have repeatedly been forced to raise funds for this department in order to prevent the mechanics in the employ of the Government from stopping work. Indeed, so low has the credit of that particular department sunk, that draymen, whose bills are yet unpaid, have refused to do further work.

Your excellency will doubtless agree with the committee that this is a deplorable state of things. The committee have been careful to investigate the facts, so as not to place before your excellency anything which cannot be substantiated.

For months and months a sign has been hanging over the paymaster's office of that department, "No funds." The committee feel confident that, unless the proper remedy is at once supplied, workmen cannot longer be had.

The committee most respectfully submit this statement of facts to your consideration, and for the interest of our common cause and the safety of our city would respectfully request that you will give our citizens, through this committee, some assurance that the present state of affairs in that department will be changed for the better.

S. L. JAMES.

S. O. NELSON.

J. P. HARRISON.

R. C. CUMMINGS.

T. GREENFIELD.

[Indorsement.]

Secretary of the Navy, for prompt attention and report.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT, NO.1,New Orleans, La., February 27, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

I have the honor to report that since my last letter I have sent forward to Tennessee Ruggles' brigade, of four regiments, with a battery of six field guns; also a new company of artillery (Vaiden's), with six guns and their harness and equipments. Yesterday the Fourth Louisiana and to-day the Seventh Mississippi moved to the same destination. The Twentieth Louisiana Regiment was mustered for State service, but, not wishing to remain behind, eight companies have reorganized for the war, and I shall send that regiment on in a few days. This will make a total of eight regiments and two batteries from the department, besides a quantity of shot-guns (500) and 1,000,000 cartridges. People are beginning to complain that I have stripped the department so completely, but I have called upon Governor Moore for 10,000 volunteers and militia for State service. Raw troops, with double-barreled shot-guns, are amply sufficient to hold our intrenchments against such troops as the enemy can send to attack them. Besides, I regard Butler's Ship Island expedition as a harmless menace so far as New Orleans is concerned. A black Republican dynasty will never give an old Breckinridge Democrat like Butler command of any expedition which they had any idea would result in such a glorious success as the capture of New Orleans.

