
just received, utterly demoralized, having no confidence. A timely arrival and intermixture of our troops may tend to restore confidence.

Very respectfully and truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General, Commanding.

Report as you progress. Seize all transportation on railroads. Captain Oladowski comes to your aid in ordnance department.

MOBILE, February 27, 1862.

General BEAUREGARD:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Hearing by telegraph from the governor of this State that you had called on him for re-enforcements to be sent to Corinth, Miss., I directed a portion of those I was sending to General A. S. Johnston, and inclose you a copy of my order directing them to rendezvous at Corinth. I trust they will be of timely assistance and prove worthy of your command. The Louisiana infantry is one of our regiments of regulars, and is finely equipped and instructed. Brigadier-General Ruggles has assumed command at my request, of the troops of my command in North Alabama, one regiment mounted men and three companies infantry. These I have requested him to call into Corinth and hold subject to your order. The people of the country will guard our bridges.

I am acting on my own responsibility and doing what it seems to us ought to have been done long ago-concentrating our limited means at some important point to resist a vital blow. We should cease our policy of protecting persons and property, by which we are being defeated in detail.

Wishing you all success, I am, without occupation, restless and sad, but hopeful.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. ALA. AND WEST FLA., No. 62. Mobile, Ala., February 26, 1862.

II. The regiment of Louisiana infantry, Colonel Adams; the Eighteenth and Twenty-second Regiments of Alabama Volunteers, Colonels Shorter and Deas, will immediately proceed to Corinth, Miss., there to receive further orders.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Bragg:

GEO. G. GRANGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. ALA. AND WEST FLA., No. 38. Mobile, Ala., February 28, 1862.

Major General Braxton Bragg relinquishes the command of this department to Brigadier General Samuel Jones.*

By command of Major-General Bragg:

GEO. G. GRANGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Brigadier General Samuel Jones to have assumed command, under this order, March 3, 1862.

---------------

