
RICHMOND, VA., March 1, 1862.

Gov. THOMAS O. MOORE,

New Orleans:

You may accept all armed men that will go to re-enforce General Beauregard for a term of six months, under the law for local defense and special service.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,New Orleans, March 1, 1862.

Major-General LEWIS,

Commanding Louisiana State Troops:

GENERAL: The following troops are out under my command this day in obedience to your order, No. 19:

Continental Regiment, Colonel Clark, 320 men.

Jeff. Davis Regiment, Colonel Smith 150 men.

Beauregard Regiment, Colonel Bartlett, 400 men.

Sumter Regiment, Colonel Breaux, 200 men.

Lewis Battalion, Tenbrink, 80 men.

Washington, Artillery, Captain Hodgson, 140 men.

Wilson cavalry, Captain Moore, 50 men.

The Crescent Regiment has been excused from parade.

Colonel Clark has five companies without arms, Colonel Smith has nine companies without arms, Colonel Bartlett has six companies without arms, Major Tenbrink has two companies without arms, Colonel Breaux has three companies without arms.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

E. L. TRACY,

Brigadier-General.

THOS. F. WALKER,

Brigade Inspector.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT ALABAMA AND WEST FLORIDA,Mobile, Ala., [March 1?.]

General SAMUEL JONES:

SIR: Such is the pressing necessity in West Tennessee that I have concluded, at the request of General Beauregard, to proceed immediately to his assistance. Brigadier-General Withers having been relieved here, you will assume command of the department, remaining, however, at Pensacola to complete the work there. Press forward the troops and heavy guns. We must have them to hold the Mississippi. Should you find yourself unable to accomplish your work in ten days, destroy your smooth-bore guns and send me your troops. I would not thus press you, but our fate depend on two weeks in the valley of the Mississippi.

Colonel Villepigue remains to complete the defenses here. Send him to me as soon as you come over, and if you can relieve Major Hallonquist from Fort Gaines I shall be much pleased to have him.

With every confidence in your zeal, industry, and ability, I part with you with great regret, well knowing all will be done you limited means will allow.

I am, general, very respectfully and truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General, Commanding.

