
with forty rounds of ammunition and five days' rations, three of which should be cooked.

The general expects that you will not hesitate or falter an instant in carrying out thoroughly and effectually the foregoing instructions, in order that, if we are forced to abandon this place, nothing of value, except the position itself, will fall into the hands of the enemy.

It is presumed that you have already moved the 8-inch columbiad, with carriage, ammunition, and implements, to Pensacola, as directed some days since. If not, you will lose no time in so doing.

This communication you will regard as strictly confidential.

I am, colonel, yours, very respectfully,

CHARLES S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT ALABAMA AND WEST FLORIDA,Pensacola, March 7, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel CONOLEY,

Fourth Alabama Battalion, Commanding at Pensacola:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you hold your battalion in readiness to move at the shortest notice out of Pensacola, either by railroad or marching on the Mill road towards Pollard, as circumstances may require. You will send your heavy baggage to Pollard as soon as you can do so without retarding the transportation of troops and ordnance stores ordered to Mobile and Montgomery. On receiving an order from the general or officer commanding here to retire, whether such order may be in writing or through a staff officer, you will immediately destroy and burn all public buildings, including the railroad depot, and all factories, machine-shops, machinery, boats, and lumber, whether public or private, and then retire, destroying the railroad, and removing the iron to the interior. A sufficient number of laborers and an engine and platform cars will be placed at your disposal to do this latter work. The destruction of property in Pensacola must be done by your own men.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(These instructions were given in compliance with orders from General Bragg.)

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., March 8, 1862.

To the PRESIDENT:

SIR: For your information I have the honor to make the following statement in reference to the communication of the Committee of Safety of New Orleans,* submitted to me this day:

The credit of the Government has doubtless suffered in New Orleans from the failure of the Treasury to meet the requisitions of the Department, and this has been a constant source of embarrassment to the Department and of annoyance to its creditors and disbursing agents in that city. I have repeatedly brought the subject to the attention of the Secretary of the Treasury and invoked prompt

payment, though I

---------------

* Of February 26. See p.831.

---------------

