
The following is a list of the mills as far as I can ascertain them:*

* * * *

The remainder of your force you will leave at Deer Point for to-night, with orders, if attacked, in force, to burn the but and come to this side in the Bradford, which will be near the Point all night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.1,New Orleans, La., March 10, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The steamer Tennessee has been unable to get out of the river so far. When she went down to make the attempt, it was understood that she would be assisted to the extent of calling off the attention of the blockaders by one of our gunboats. These, however, have all been ordered up the river, and she still remains at the lower forts.

Since the river expedition (Montgomery's) was set on foot circumstances have so materially changed as to require, in my judgment, at least a temporary change in the programme. The evacuation of Columbus puts an end to any attack upon the enemy's fleet at Cairo. Still, I should have sent the whole number, fourteen, up as soon as they were ready, notwithstanding the Secretary of the Navy had ordered every gun afloat up the river, had not the heavy drift and current broken up, in a great measure, the river obstructions at Fort Jackson. Under these circumstances, with the enemy's fleet collecting and beginning to enter the mouths of the river with boldness, and having an open passage to New Orleans if the batteries below are passed, I have written to General Polk that I could put no guns on the boats of the expedition, and that until I could replace some obstructions in the river I should feel compelled to keep here six of the steamers. The fleet threatening us below is much more formidable than that above, and I object strongly to sending every armed vessel away from New Orleans at this time. This city has been already too much weakened by the detachments of all kinds. Loud complaints are made on all hands, and until we are placed in security below I do not think it advisable to draw anything further from this point except the eight ships, strengthened and prepared for their guns, which can be furnished above as well as here.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. LOVELL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH BRIGADE, M. L. T. [L. M. T.?],Bastrop, La., March 10, 1862.

Major-General LEWIS,

New Orleans:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your General Orders, No. 14, referring to Order 191 of the governor and commander-in-chief, exempting from militia duty one white man on each plantation in the parish where there

---------------

* List omitted, as well as an accompanying "estimate" of the value ($64,500) of the property to be destroyed.

---------------

