
the contingency referred to arises I am fully satisfied, from actual observation, that the mustering and drilling of the entire militia force, notwithstanding the temporary absence of the owners and overseer from the plantations it would involve, so far from having a tendency to encourage a spirit of insubordination among the slaves, would have the contrary effect, to keep them in awe and subjection; and to these military displays and the drilling of volunteer and militia troops I attribute in a great measure that remarkable state of discipline and subordination that has been observed among the slave population in this section since the commencement of the war.

Military rule of implicit obedience to the orders of superiors debars, perhaps, the privilege of in any manner questioning the property of those orders, and if I have seemingly departed from it in this instance, I trust I shall be pardoned for the motive that prompts it; which is the extreme anxiety felt to see the proper strength and efficiency imparted to the militia system, now so important an arm of the public defense.

Your communication of the 3rd instant, with the accompanying order, was also received, and shall be promptly attended to.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. TODD.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., March 11, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

Quartermaster, commissary, river defense, engineer, and medical funds exhausted. Time is important. Cannot move rapidly without money.

M. LOVELL.

JACKSON, March 11, 1862.

General JONES:

Relieve Colonel Villepigue and send him here as soon as possible.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General.

PENSACOLA, FLA., Marc 11, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, C. S. Army:

SIR: You know, I presume, General Bragg's instructions to me. There is a large quantity of most valuable war material here yet, including several rifled and shell guns, and machinery in the navy-yard, which can be moved and used in making guns. I am convinced the enemy's force on Santa Rosa Island is much smaller than has been supposed. All seems quiet there. I believe Colonel T. M. Jones, with from 700 to 1,000 armed men, with the volunteers who are coming in, can hold the place long enough to move all that is particularly worth moving, and perhaps much longer. He agrees with me, and desires to undertake it. May I make the necessary arrangements and try it? If not, our loss of material will be heavy.

SAM. JONES,

Brigadier-General.

