
to said States, and such as claim to be aliens shall be sworn to the effect that they will abide by the laws of this State and of the Confederate States as long as they are permitted to reside therein, and that they will, under no circumstances, convey to our enemies any information relative to the military or political affairs of the country.

Persons who came to this city or State since the 21st of May, 1861, from any of the States at war with the Confederate States, shall be subject to arrest and imprisonment, unless they procure within six days from the date hereof a permit to remain, signed by the commanding general or the provost-marshal of the district in which they reside, which permit will be renewed from time to time by an indorsement setting forth the time of extension.

The foregoing requirements will go into effect as above in the parishes of Saint Bernard and Plaquemine within six days after the appointment of the provost-marshals of those parishes. Every person who desires to go beyond the limits of the aforesaid districts or parishes shall provide himself with a passport signed by the commanding general or the provost-marshals of the district or parish in which said person resides.

All orders issued by provost-marshals in the execution of their offices will be promptly obeyed, and any disobedience of summons emanating from any of them will be dealt with summarily, and all officers in command of troops are hereby directed to comply promptly with any requisitions mad eon them by the provost-marshals, and to furnish them such aid and assistance as they may require. The police of the city will in like manner, render every assistance in their power when called on.

The commanding general confidently expects that the friends of order, all those who have at heart the success of our glorious cause, will cordially co-operate with the provost-marshals and furnish them every possible assistance in the performance of the onerous duties devolved upon them for the general welfare. Circumstances have rendered these measures necessary for our safety and success, and it becomes each and every good citizen to contribute all in his power to the promotion of such desirable ends.

Martial law has not been declared for the purpose of annoying unnecessarily the true and loyal citizens. No greater restrictions will be imposed upon the community than are deemed absolutely necessary by those in authority to attain the objects in view, which are mainly to ascertain and remove from among us those who, acting under the instigation of the enemy, are endeavoring by word and deed to impede our onward progress towards independence and self-government, and to rid ourselves of able-bodied loyal men liable to military duty, who have fled to New Orleans from the presence of the enemy, leaving others to perform the duty which they are seeking to avoid.

By command of Major-General Lovell:

E. A. PALFREY,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, March 18, 1862.

General SAMUEL JONES:

Your letters of 6th and 15th received. All dispositions approved. Transportation coming back for all stores. Send forward medicines and hospital property and heavy guns.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

