
NEW ORLEANS, LA., April 1, 1862.

President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

I purchased eight months ago 1,880 rifles and 30,000 cartridges, and have just succeeded, after infinite trouble and over $60,000 of outlay, in having them landed on the Florida coast. They were at once seized by Governor Milton, and I telegraphed they must be sent to me. I have received his reply, in which he coolly informs me he has taken one-half and your Secretary of War the other. This unpardonable and unparalleled outrage is nothing less than robbery and just as bad. I cannot use Louisiana's money to buy arms when they are to be seized by the first freebooter that these would be in the hands of my own troops. Now that thirty-seven sail of the enemy are in the river, in God's name, in the name of my State, I ask you to order them to be sent to me immediately.

THO. O. MOORE.

RICHMOND, VA., April 2, 1862.

Governor MOORE,

New Orleans, La.:

I was not aware that the arms in the hands of Governor Milton belonged to the State of Louisiana. One-half of them, sent to Pensacola, have been ordered to be placed subject to your order, and I have requested Governor Milton to make the same disposition of the remainder. He took them supposing that they were arms given him by Mr. Benjamin Mr. Benjamin informed me of it that the arms held by Governor Milton were a part of the cargo of the Florida. Colonel T. M. Jones, commanding at Pensacola, will communicate to you the arrival of the arms at that place.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

MOBILE, April 2, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS M. JONES,

Pensacola:

I have resumed command of this department. Nine hundred rifles on the way to you for war troops.*

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

SAM. JONES.

O'BANNONVILLE, April 2, 1862.

General SAMUEL JONES:

Ten 10-inch, seven 8-inch columbiads, nine sea-coast howitzers, four rifle guns, and two 8-inch sea-coast howitzers have been shipped. Lieutenant Aldrich is absent at East Pass, and there may be more; when he returns I'll let you know. The enemy shelled Captain McPherson's camp, in order, I think, to enable him to land re-enforcements behind the island, which I think was done yesterday, as 160 cavalry were seen on island to-day. I think there is mischief intended. They ave been

---------------

*Some matters of detail omitted.

---------------

