
re-enforced. More than 225 men seen landed near Pickens. I think they will make an attack.

The negro is in prison; he has implicated a white man with his evidence and corroborative circumstances.

THOS. M. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., April 3, 1862.

General GEORGE W. RANDOLPH:

The seizure of Governor Moore's guns by the War Department leaves me in a precarious condition. We sent off all our men, relying upon those guns to arm others. Please order them here.

M. LOVELL.

RICHMOND, VA., April 4, 1862.

General LOVELL,

New Orleans:

I have already ordered Colonel T. M. Jones at Pensacola, and requested Governor Milton, of Florida, to hold the arms subject to Governor Moore's order, and have notified of the fact. I have also endeavored to get columbiads and sea-coast mortars for you from Pensacola, but find that all have been sent to Mobile that could be spared.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

PENSACOLA, April 4, 1862.

General JONES:

I am confident that the enemy now know my true condition, two men having escaped to Fort Pickens.

THOS. M. JONES.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Montgomery, Ala., April 5, 1862.

General GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, C. S. A., Richmond:

DEAR SIR: I consider the maintenance of the possession of Pensacola a matter of such prime importance, not only to Alabama and Florida, but to the cause at large, that I must claim your attention to a few thoughts and suggestions upon the subject.

Pensacola is, next to Norfolk, the most important point on our entire seaboard to hold at this time. To us as a possession it may not be of any great importance, but to the Yankee Government its importance, in view of their manifest designs, is incalculable. They want a spacious and safe harbor far South for their was naval armament. Here they have it. It is the only one in the Gulf to which their large ships can find access. When they get it, there is the spacious bay to ride in, the navy-yard to repair at, the fine hospital, and other appointments, which cost the old Government millions of dollars, the extensive fortifications, all ready to their hands.

But, again, they cannot summer at New Orleans, nor Mobile, nor Savannah, nor Charleston. The yellow fever will be a terror to them and repel them; but at Pensacola they can make safe and pleasant

