
such as are not positively necessary for the defense of your department.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

NEW ORLEANS, April 22, 1862.

General JONES:

Bombardment still goes on day and night; casualties few, but forts much cut up. Can you send two 10-inch columbiads in haste, or spare any powder?

M. LOVELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., April 22, 1862.

Major General MANSFIELD LOVELL,

Commanding Department No. 1, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 12th instant to the Honorable Secretary of War has been referred to General Lee, who directs me to say that he has ordered that such heavy guns as are here available be sent you. The Chief of Ordnance Bureau informs him that he can send four or five; in addition, General Samuel Jones has been written to and instructed to send you some of the guns taken from Pensacola, if they can possibly be spared from the defense of Mobile. As regards the small-arms you desire, he regrets there are none on hand for issued. The demand is great from all sides and the supply inadequate. There are some afloat, however, and it is hoped they will soon arrive, when, as far as practicable, your wants in this respect will be supplied.

The nomination of Brigadier General M. L. Smith has been confirmed, of which fact you are perhaps already aware.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., April 22, 1862.

General RANDOLPH:

In case the city should be occupied, should the cotton and tobacco belonging to foreigners be destroyed? I require funds for river-defense fleet immediately or cannot keep it up.

M. LOVELL.

RICHMOND, VA., April 23, 1862.

Major General LOVELL,

New Orleans:

You will not destroy foreign property unless it is necessary to insure the destruction of our cotton and tobacco. Your telegram about finds is not intelligible and had better be repeated, but in case of necessity, before receiving further instructions, you may borrow such funds as are necessary for the defense of the city.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

