
which look to a servile insurrection as the means of crushing the indomitable energy supposed still to exist in many hearts, and if the threat be carried out we will have to encounter a much harder question than that of a bombardment: the sack of our houses and the slaughter of our women and children by the hand of our own slaves will be the next issue we may have to face. We do know what this supreme contingency will exact from us, and we will, I hope, be prepared for the dire dilemma which may arise out of it.

But are we not to be remembered by those who have assumed charge of our destinies? Shall we be left without assistance, nay, without a word of comfort and encouragement, to the tender mercy of our infuriated negroes, and will not the hand of the Government manifest itself in some form or shape, if it were but to protest that they have not yet given us up to the enemy?

I repeat again that we are left entirely to ourselves, with a State government in shameless flight, and with the supreme Government in an apparent state of torpescence and forgetfulness!

The messenger who takes charge of this communication is recommended to me as an intelligent, skillful, and reliable medium of intercourse. His name is James D. Brylan. He may be freely trusted. I send him at the earnest instance of our friends here, that my message may be carried safely, and that he may be the means of bringing back to us, either from General Beauregard or the Government at Richmond, such intelligence and instructions as will relieve our minds from doubt and perplexity as to what best should be done.

PIERRE SOULE.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 22, 1862.

Read and returned to Secretary of War for assurance to the citizens of New Orleans that the Confederate States Government has not been unmindful of their condition, and had its power but been equal to its will, would have long since rescued the city from the brutal invader. On both the east and west side of the river efforts are being made to organize forces, &amp;c.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., May 8, 1862.

Governor MOORE,

Camp Moore, La.:

Dispatch received. Concur in your wish for prompt organization west of river, and gladly accept your offer to proceed at once in enrollment. Let the first camp be at Opelousas, if you so choose; how would Camp Moore do for the other? I have no authority to appoint, but only to detail, officers to command the encampments. General Beauregard has been called on to name officers for encampments in the West. A general to command department will be sent as soon as practicable.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., May 12, 1862.

Governor MOORE,

Camp Moore, La.:

Dispatches of 10th received. Let a third camp be located at Monroe. Martial law, if declared by me, can be administered only by Confederate

