
through the bushes at this end of the causeway, they proceeded across the causeway until they were approaching the farther end. They were ordered to haled by a voice behind the bushes. At the second command he stepped out and fired. The shot was promptly returned, and my whole command started forward on a double-quick. Two men were seen running to the left of Little Bull Island, and several were heard to run forward and to the right. We then proceeded cautiously through the hedge at the farther end of the causeway into the open field, and deployed skirmishers right and left to the hedges, while a party took a double-quick for the next causeway. Sentinels were placed at each end of the second causeway, and the third causeway crossed in the same cautious manner. When we got through the bushes to the shore of Broad River it was evident that two boats had just left the beach, and their wake was visible on the surface of the still water. One very large wake was seen, very rough in its center, and the sound of wheels turning in the water could be heard beyond Mackay's Point. Company B was left in detachments at the Trescott house, first causeway, and negro houses.

The pickets heard a noise in the field beyond the marsh to the left of the road before the firing, and the negroes' dogs, which are usually very noisy at the least stir, were not heard to bark. We examined the field to the left of the road, and could find numerous tracks in the soft mud between the cotton rows. The tracks of a bare foot were also seen, supposed to be the track of a negro guide. Tracks in the field south of the negro houses were observed going both east and west, presumed to have been made by the rebel party having turned out into the field to avoid the negro houses and the dogs.

Went he attacking party appeared on the farther end of the first causeway they were halted by the picket three times. At the third command they discharged a whole volley at the pickets. The pickets fired their pieces, and continued to load and fire whenever a rebel could be seen.

Fires were seen on the main-land in the field west of the fort, as if there might be a small encampment there. It might be fire in the woods.

Nothing else of interest occurred.

Respectfully,

G. Z. DIMOCK,

Captain, Commanding at Seabrook.

Major OVERTON.

FEBRUARY 11, 1862.-Occupation of Edisto Island, S. C., by the Union forces.

Report of Colonel Henry Moore, Forty-seventh New York Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-SEVENTH Regiment N. Y. S. V. TROOPS,Edisto Island, S. C., February 15, 1862.

SIR: Pursuant to Army Regulations, page 104, paragraph 716, I take the earliest opportunity to inform you, both by letter and by chart, of the occupation of this island by the force under my command.

Pursuant to Special Orders, No. 69, I was ordered by General T. W. Sherman, of the expeditionary corps, to proceed to this point, on North Edisto River, and establish this post. After some reconnoitering I miles located myself at this place, known as Point of Pines, only 25 miles from Charleston. The enemy are all around us. By the aid of light-draught gunboats, which I am expecting daily from Port Royal, to keep them at bay, if troops sufficient, say at the most 10,000, could

