THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). C. H
Tiiirty-Sixtii Congress, 2d Stsbiow,
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1860.
NEW SjEra&§..'.",.Ni>.: l.v
Tins it- the first number of the Congressional Globe
for tins sexton—tiie bccuncl of the Thirty-^ixth Con^rcsrf.
It t-- bteieotyped, and thcrefoie the back numbers can be
supplied at anytime. Missing numbers will be sent to
suix-eiiiiern at tince cents d number, containing sixteen
pases.
The ps ice for the Congrfssional Globi: and Appendix,
which nK-mdes all the laws parsed dining the session, is
£3 tor a long *.e--ion. and $3 for a short one. Tins will
beaMioit one. A Jong session commences on the fir^t
Monday of Dcoombei m an odd year; and a short session
coiuiiK-iirea on the lir.-i Monday of December in an even
year.
The^e work5? go free by mail to any post office in the
United States, by act of Congress.
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS.
SECOND SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 3, 1860.
The Senate commenced the second ses'sion of
the Thirty-Sixth Congress this day, pursuant to
the Constitution.
The VICE PRESIDENT (Hon. Joiijt C.
Breckinridge) callcd the Senate to order at
twelve o'clock, in.
Rev. P. D. Guiiley, D. D., Chaplain of the
Senate, opened the proceedings of the session by
prayer in the following language:
0 Thou who dwelfest in the Heavens, our
Father and our God, unto Thee do we lift up our
souls. We approach Thee, in the name of Jesus
Christ, as suppliants. Bo pleased, for His sake,
to regard us with favor; hear our petitions, and
send us an answer of pcace. We acknowledge
Thee as the God of Pi ovidenre as well as the God
of Gface. We and all our interests arc in Thy
hands and at Thy disposal; and Thou canst do
with us and with ours as seems good in Thy
sight. We acknowledge Thy sovereignty over
us, Thy propriety in us, and that Thou art the
bountiful source and dispenser of all our blessings.
Help us to fear Thee; and whilst we fear, may we
also tiust and love and obey. Accept our heart-
fi It and uoited thanks that Thou hast spared the
lives of these Senators and hast brought them
once more to tins council chamber, here to de-
liberate and legislate for the interests of a great
and powerful people. Surely, they need Thy bless-
ing. Guide them by Thy counsel; give them a
deep aiulabidmg sense of Thy presence and claims
as the guardian God of the Republic, and help
them to speak and to say those things which will
be for Thy glory and which Thou wilt approve.
May all bitterness and wrath and anger and clamor
and eul speaking be put away from them, with all
malice; and may they here deliberate from day
to day, not as paitisans, but as brethten and pa-
triots, seeking the highest welfare of the country
and of the whole country. We do earnestly pray
that here, and in the House of Representatives,
counsels of wisdom and moderation, of peace and
conciliation, of truth and justice, of patriotism
and piety, mav prevail,and that the issue may be
such as shall fill the anxious heart of the nation
with gratitude and with gladness. We invoke
Thy mercy upon all our rulers and upon all our
people. Be pleased to deliver them from erroneous
judgments, from misleading influences, ami from
the sway of evil passions. And especially do we
ask Thec to bless the President of the United
States, to strengthen and prepare him for the i ight
discharge of all his arduous and responsible du-
ties, and make him, especially at this time, a
blessing to Congress and to the country by the
counsels he imparts and the policy he pursues.
Our prayer is before Thee. Oh, hear us in
Heaven; and when Thou hearesi, answer us, and
foi^ive us, and heal our land, for Jesus' sake.
Amen.
SENATORS PRESENT.
Ti). fallowing Senators were present. From
th> Srnt< iff
.iLi'.ae—Hon. Hannibal Hamlin and Hon.
Wiiliani Pitt Fessondnn.
.Yew Hampshire—Hon. John P. Hale and Hon.
Daniel Clark.
Vermont—Hon. Solomon Foot and Hon. Jacob
Collamer.
Massachusetts—Hon. Henry Wilson and Hon.
Charles Sumner.
Rhode Island—Hon. James F. Simmons and
Hon. Henry B. Anthony.
Connecticut—Hon. La Fayette S. Foster and
Hon. James Dixon.
New York—Hon. William H. Seward and
Hon. Preston King.
New Jersey—Hon. John C. Ten Eyck.
Pennsylvania—Hon. Simon Cameron and Hon.
William Bigler.
Delaware—lion. James A. Bayard and Hon.
Willard Saulsbury.
Maryland—Hon. James A. Pearce and Hon.
Anthony Kennedy.
Virginia—Hon. Robert M. T. Hunter and
Hon. James M. Mason.
North Carolina—Hon. Thomas Bragg and Hon.
Thomas L. Clingman.
•Alabama—Hon. Benjamin Fitzpatrick.
Mississippi—Hon. Albert G. Brown and Hon.
Jefferson Davis.
Tennessee—Hon. Alfred 0. P. Nicholson.
Kentucky—Hon. Lazaius W. Powell and Hon.
John J. Crittenden.
Missouri—Hon. James S.G reen and Hon.Trus-
ten Polk.
Ohio—Hon. Benjamin F. Wade.
Indiana—Hon. Jesse D. Bright and Hon. Gra-
ham N. Fitch.
Illinois—Hon. Stephen A. Douglas and Hon.
Lyman Trumbull.
Michigan—lion. Zachariah Chandlerand Hon.
Kinsley S. Bingham.
Florida—Hon. David L. Yulee.
Texas—Hon. John Hemphill and Hon. Louis
T. Wigfall.
Wisconsin—Hon. Charles Durkee and Hon.
James R. Doolittle.
Iowa—Hon. James W. Grimes.
Minnesota—Hon. Henry M. Rice.
California—Hon. Milton S. Latham.
Oregon—Hon. Joseph Lane.
SENATORS ABSENT.
The following Senators were absent:
lion. J. P. Benjamin, of Louisiana.
Hon. James Chesnut, jr., of South Carolina.
Hon. C. C. Clay, jr., of Alabama.
Hon. William M. Gwin, of California.
Hon. James H. Hammond, of South Carolina.
Hon. James Harlan, of Iowa.
Hon. Alfred Iverson, of Georgia.'
Hon. R, W. Johnson, of Arkansas.
Hon. A. Johnson, of Tennessee.
Hon. S. R. Mallory, of Florida.
Hon. George E. Pugli, of Ohio.
Hon, William Iv. Sebastian, of Arkansas.
Hon. John Slidell, of Louisiana.
Hon. John R. Thomson, of New Jersey.
Hon. Robert Toombs, of Georgia.
Hon. AJorton S. Wilkinson, of Minnesota.
NOTIFICATION TO THE HOUSE.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, it was
OrJacl, That the Secietary infoim the House of Rep-
reseniative^ that a quoium ot the Senate has assembled,
and that the Senate is ready to pioceed to business.
NOTIFICATION TO THE PRESIDENT.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
llesohcd. That a conunitte e, consisting of three mem-
hoiN. be appointed, to join such committee as may be ap-
pointed bv the House ot Uepiepentatives. to wait on the
l'tcMdent of the Tinted States and inform him that a quo-
rum of each House has assembled, and that Congress is
readv to leeeive any communication lie may be pleased
to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Bigler, M\son, and Collamer, such commit-
too.
HOUR 0¥ MEETING.
On motion of Mr. FITZPATRICK, it was
Oi tiered, That the hour of the daily meeting of the Sen-
ate be twelve o'clock, until othenvise ordered.
ORGANIZATION OP THE H0GSE-
Atoneo'eloek, John W. Forney, Esq./Cltti'k
of the House of Representatives, appeared be-
low the bar, and delivered the following mes-
Mr. President : I have been directed to inform the Sen-
ate that a quorum of the House of Representatives has
assembled, and that the House is now ready to proeced to
business.
The House has passed a resolution directing the appoint-'
ment of a committee on the part of the House, to join suott
committee as may be appointed on the part of the Senate,
to wait on the President of the United States, and inform
him that a quorum of tlic two Houses has assembled, and
that Congress is ready to receive any communication he
may be pleased to make; and lias appointed Mr. James It.
Mooriiead of Pennsylvania, Mr. Thomas S. Bocock- of
Virginia, and Mr. Green Adams of Kentucky, Ube com-
mittee on the prut of the House.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the Senat^
take a recess for half an hour. ' - '
Mr. GREEN and others. Let us adjourn. '
Mr. SE WARD. Before the question is taken,
I wish to ask whether it is probable that *ther6
will be any necessity for our remaining here, or
whether we may not as well adjourn.
Mr. GREEN. Wc shall get nothing until to-
morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will with-
draw that motion for a moment, I have a sugges-
tion to make. I understand we have sent a com**
mittee to wait on the President. Suppose they
report that he is ready to communicate immedi-
ately to the Senate ?
'Mr. SEWARD. The Senator will allow me".
I thought that I had ascertained satisfactorily,
though informally, that we should not get ant
message to-day. I think that is the understand*
ing. I therefore, with the Senator's leave, renew
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That being so, I have no
objection.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 3, 1860.
In conformity with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, the second session of theThirty-Sixth
Congress convened to-day. At twelve o'clock,
meridian, Hon. William Pennington, Speaker
of the House of Representatives, took the chair
and called the House to order.
Rev. TiioMAb H. Stockton, Chaplain of'the
House, delivered the following prayer:
O Thou, who hearest prayer, unto Thee shall
all flesh come. Unto Thee we come, trusting in
the atonement of our Lord and Saviour, Jesus
Christ, and in the sanctifying influences of Thy
Holy Spirit. Vain is the help of man,butThou
art our refuge and our trust, a very present holp
m time of trouble. Our help is in the name of
the Lord, who made Iieavon and earth. Happy
is that people that is in such a case. Yea, happy
is the people whose God is the Lord.
Wc remember the past, and we are grateful for
the past. We thank Thee for the discovery of
this new world. We thank Thee for the colo-
nization of our own part of it. Wc thank Thee
for the establishment of our national independ-
ence. Wc thank Thee for the organization of
our national Union. Wc thank Thee for the
blessings we* have enjoyed within this Union—
natural blessings, civil blessings, social blessings,
spiritual blessings, all kinds of blessings, unspeak-
ably great and precious blessings, such blc&siugs
as were never enjoyed by any other people since
the world began.
And now, 0 Lord, our God, wc offer urtto
Thee our humble prayer for the pres< nt, and for
all of the future. Will it pieaseThee, for Christ's
sake, to grant us Thy special aid. Thou art very
high and lifted up. Thou lookest down upon our
whole land, from lake to gulf, from sea to sea,
