1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
therefore I thought it might be as well to consider
it now. But, if gentlemen wish to proceed to the
drawing of seats now, I will give way for that
purpose.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman's motion can
be called up to-morrow as well as to-day. Let us
proceed in the usual course of business. If the
gentleman withdraws his motion, I withdraw my
proposition to lay upon the table.
Mr. GROW. i withdraw my proposition until
after the drawing of seats.
DRAWING OF SEATS.
Mr. SHERMAN offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Iicso'.vcd, That the Cleik of ihe IIoiuc, immediately after
tin- passage ol this resolution, place in a box the name of
eacli Member ami Delegate of the House of Representatives,
written on a separate &)ip of paper; that lie tlien proceed
in the picscnee of the House to draw from said box, one
at a tune, the said slipa ot paper, and as each is drawn, he
fchall announce the name of the Member or Delegate upon it,
who shall choose his seat for the present session: Provided,
That before said drawing shall commence, the Speaker
shall cau«e every seat to be vacated, and shall see that
every seat continues vacant until it is selected under this
oider, and that each seat, after having been seiected, shall
be deemed vacant if left unoccupied before the calling of
the roll is finished.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make one sugges-
tion. The House has just appointed a committee
of three to wait upon the President, and I propose
that the members of that committee may author-
ize some friend to choose seats for them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let that be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well.
MESSAGE TO THE SENATE.
Mr. GROW. I desire to ask if any message
has been sent to the Senate, informing them that
we are organized, and ready to proceed to busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. There has not.
Mr. GROW. By general consent, I ask that
the drawing of seals be suspended for a moment;
and 1 move that the Senate be notified that the
House is organized, and ready to proceed to busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to.
DRAWING OS1 SEATS.
The order for the drawing of seats was then
executed, according to the terms of the resolution.
Pending the drawing,
Mr. HILL stated that he had been requested
to announce that Mr. Brabson was absent on ac-
count of injuries lately received, which disabled
him from attendance upon the meetings of the
House,
Mr. GROW. Is the drawing of scats concluded ?
Tnc SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. GROW. Then I call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public do-
main was refeired to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
CHANGE OF COMMITTEE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will yield for a single
moment, I desne to say that, as my seat will be
vacant in this House from the 1st of January
next, I think it proper that the Speaker should
have authority to constitute the Committee of
Ways and Means at this time as it shall be during
the session. I therefore ask to be excused from
serving on that committee.
Several Members. The committees are not
constituted yet.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
Iiouse that the inlc on the subject of committees
was modified at the last session; and the com- '
mittees are now appointed for the Congress, ex- |
cept where a vacancy occurs, which, of course, ]
will be filled by the ('hair. The gentleman from |
Maine asks to "be excused from further service on !
thf Committee of Ways and Means. The ques-
tion is on that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
IIOME^TE \D BILL AGAIN.
Mi. GROW. Mr. Speaker, if my motion to
reconsider the vote by which the homestead bill
"Wa.3 i'"f< rrrd to the Committee of the Whole on j!
the state of the Union he adopted, I propose, if d
gentlemen desire to discuss the bill, to leave it j!
open for discussion for a reasonable time- I ||
therefore call the previous question on the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that the Senate has ad journed, and that we
will probably have no message to-day. I there-
fore move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty-five minutes after one o'clock, p. m.)
the House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 4, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
Hon. James Harlan of Iowa, Hon. Andrew
Johnson of Tennessee, Hon. John R. Thom-
son of New Jersey, Hon. William M. Gwin
of California, Hon. Morton S. Wilkinson of
Minnesota, and Hon. Alfred Iverson of Geor-
gia, appeared in their seats.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, I ask leave to
withdraw from the files of the Senate the papers
of John Anderson, which were referred to the
Committee on Claims during the last session, but
upon which there was no action.
The motion was agreed to.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. EIGLER. Mr. President, the committee
appointed by the Senate, in conjunction with a
similar committee appointed on the part of the
House of Representatives, to inform the Presi-
dent of the United States that the two Houses of
Congress had assembled and were ready to pro-
ceed to business, have discharged that duty, and
the President informed them that he would com-
municate with the two Houses of Congress in
writing this day at twelve o'clock.
A.J. Glossbrenner, Esq., the Private Secre-
tary of the President of the United States, ap-
peared below the bar, and said: Mr. President,
I am directed by the President of the United
States to deliver to the Senate a message in
writing.
The VICE PRESIDENT, (the message hav-
ing been delivered into his hands.) Is it the
pleasure of the Senate that the message be now
read ? j
There being a general acquiescence, the mes-
sage was read. [It will be published in jflie Ap-
pendix.] \ /
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Presided make
the usual motion for printing the message, and I
will take this occasion to offer a suggestion or two
upon some of the points embraced in it.
As to the general tone of the message, Mr.
President, everybody will say that it is eminently
patriotic, and I agree with a great deal that is in
it, but I think it falls short of stating the case
that is now before the country. It is not, for ex-
ample, merely that a dangerous man has been
elected to the Presidency of the United States.
We know that under our complicated system that
might very well occur by accident, and he be
powerless; but I assert that the Presidentelect
has been elcctcd because he was known to be a dan-
gerous man. He avows the principle that is
known as the "irrepressible conflict." He de-
clares that it is the purpose of the North to make
"war upon my section until its social system has
been destroyed, and for that he was taken up and
elected. That declaration of war is dangerous,
because it has been indorsed by a majority of the
votes of the free States in the late election, It is
this £roat, remarkable, and dangerous fact that
has filled my section with alarm and dread for the
future.
The President says that he may be powerless
by leason of the opposition in Congress now;
but that is only a temporary relief. Everybody
knows that the majority which has borne him
into the Chair can control all the departments of
this Government. Why. sir, five or six of our
conservative Semitois have already to give place
to others on the 4th of March; and if the others
do not, it is simply because their teuns have not
expired. Both the Senators from Indiana and !
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas] an(l '
other gentlemen, would be beaten by that same |
majority, if it were not that theii terms have time j
to run. They must, however, be cut down at no
distant day. Not only that; but if the House bf
Representatives is divided to some little extent,
how long can it be so? We" all know that New-
England has presented an unbroken front for some
time past; and does any man doubt that the sam6
organization that elected Abraham Lincoln c&n
make a clear majority of both branches of Con-
gress? The efforts of the Abolitionists will be
directed to the few doubtful districts, and thgy
will soon be subjected to their control. So pow-
erful and steady is the current of their progress
that it will soon overwhelm the entire North. In
this way they must soon control the President,
both Houses of Congress, the Supreme Court,
and all the officers of the Government.
The result is that a sectional party will wield
the entire power over all the departments of the
Government. Gentlemen say they are shown
by the vote to be in a minority. That is an ag-
gravation. Under our present Federal system, it
turns out that a little more than one third of the
voters may control ail the departments of the
Government, and oppress tyrannically not only
the South but the minority athome. I take it for
granted that nobody foresaw this'state of things
when the Constitution was made; If the Federal
Constitution were out of the way, this minority
could be resisted; but under the present system—
and it is that that alarms the South only the more
—everybody sees that there may be a sectional
majority which represents a minority of the peo-
ple, that may absolutely control the whole Gov-
ernment. I would not consentfor my constituents
to be governed absolutely even by a sectional
majority, much less by a minority. The South
would be then in the condition of Ireland, repre-
sented nominally, but really as powerless as if
the semblance of representation was not given to
it at all.
But this is not the worst view of the case. We
are not only to be governed by a sectional dom-
ination which does not respcct our rights, buthy
one, the guiding principle of which is hostility to
the southern States, it is that, Mr. President,
that has alarmed the country; and it is idle for
♦gentlemen to talk to us about this thing being
done according to the forms of the Constitution
A majority even might begin a revolution in that
way; you might totally change the whole char-
acter of the Government, in fact, without abolish-
ing its forms. The Roman Republic was in fact
converted into a grinding despotism by justsuch
a process. The most outrageous tyranny can be
perpetrated under all the forms of law.
It is said, however, that some of the States are
inclined to be precipitate in theirpreparations for
resistance. I do not think so. I admit that what
are called the cotton States may be precipitate as
compared with my own and some other States;
but if you compare their action with that of for-
eign States or nations that have existed heretofore
you cannot so regard them. Why, sir, I say
boldly that if the occurrences which have hap-
pened in this country for the last fifteen years
were done by a foreign nation we should have
been involved m war. If the property of an
American citizen is taken by any foreign nation,
and upon a demand for redress it is notgiven up,
or paid for, war follows; and if, instead, the for-
eign Government legislates to protect the wrong-
doer, war is inevitable. Everybody knows that
if the property of a Frenchman, for example, was
taken in England, and the British Government,
instead of making satisfaction, were to pass acts
of Parliament to protect the wrong-doers, war
would be inevitable.
it would be the case if the same thing occurred
between any other foreign States. But we are in'
a vastly worse condition than would be the peo-
ple of any foreign State, because those States of
the Union that legislate to prevent the recapture
of our property are doing it in perfect safety.
The proceedings of the old Barbary Powers when
they used to send out cruisers and capture prop-
erty on the high seas, were manly and honorable
enterprises compared with these pioceedings,
because they ran the risk of having their towns
bombatded;' and in fact, it was done by "the
American and British and other Governments;
but here in perfect safety this system of legisla-
tion goes on, and there is no redress under our
system; and yet, if the State of South Carolina,
or any other, proposes to act, she is reflected
