THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
upon. I allude to her particularly because she
has no representatives on this floor. She does
not need defense from me or anybody else; and
if her representatives were here I should not have
even said this much. Instead of being precipi-
tate, she and the whole South have been wonder-
fully patient. No free people were, I thinlc, ever
so much so.
Gentlemen say that the border States are the
States that have most reason to complain, and
they appeal to those South to wait longer. But,
M**. President, what has been the past history of
the country in relation to this slavery question?
Wc all know that in 1850, when there was a great
struggle going on to get a fair settlement—a set-
tlement which would have placed the South m a
proper position with reference to the Territories,
the border States, much to my regret, were the
first to leave us in the struggle. They abandoned
the general cause of the South for the right to re-
cover their fugitive slaves. I do not mean to say
that all their Representatives were willing to take
this course. I know that the two Senators from
'Virginia, and many others, resisted that inade-
quate settlement; but the border States were re-
sponsible mainly for it. This fact produced dis-
trust in the States further south, because every-
thing seemed to have been given up for that fugi-
tive slave law, which is now worth nothing to
anybody.
Again, Mr. President, when, last winter, the
State of South Carolina sent her commissioner to
Virginia seeking a conference, we had not only
from the Black Republican press of the North,
but from the southern Union press, agreatclamor
about the Union. Then Virginia was called upon
not to go into "South Carolina's disunion
schemes." I thought it very unfortunate then
that no action was taken by the southern States
upon the question. Then itmightnot have been
too late to avert the present dangers. That has
passed by, and now the condition of South Car-
olina, as compared to Virginia, is just like that
of two individuals, both of whom have been in-
sulted and kicked for a lon<r while, and one of
them says,4< I piopose now to get out oft he way;",
and the other replies, " If you do, all these blows
will fall on me, and I want you to stand by me
and divide the torrent of obloquy and castigation,
so that my load may be the lighter."
I say, sir, that the people of the United States
would not submit for one moment to the treat-
ment from a foreign nation that the southern
States have suffered at the hands of the North.
I have heard it suggested that the laws to which
I have referred ought to be repealed. I have no
doubt they ought to be. Whether they will be
or not, other gentlemen can judge better than I;
but the mere repeal of these laws, I am free to
say, would not, in my opinion, satisfy the sec-
tion from which I come; because the fugitive
slave law is rendered a nullity by the action of
mobs, independently of this State legislation; and
if, in addition, the marshals should he Abolition-
ists, there would be the less need of such State
legislation.
The President has said that there ought to be
new constitutional guarantees. I do not see how
any southern man can make propositions. We
have petitioned and remonstrated for the last ten
years, and to no purpose, if gentlemen on the
other side have anything to propose of a deci&ivc
and satisfactory character, I have no doubt the
section from which I come would be willing to
hearit. I say to those gentlemen in perfect frank-
ness that, in my judgment, not only will a num-
ber of States secede in the next sixty days, but
some of the other States are holding on merely to
see if proper guarantees can be obtained. We
have in North Carolina only two considerable
parties. The absolute submissionists are too
small to be called a paity; but the mass of the
people consist of those who are for immediate
action, and those who are waiting for a few
months to see whether any guarantees will bo
proposed that arc sufficient to save our honor and
insure our safety.
I give the opinion—gentlemen may take it for
what it is worth—that unless something of that
kind occurs, you will see most of the southern j
States in motion at an early day; and without'
undertaking to advise, I say that, unless some
comprehensive plan of that kind be adopted,
which shall be perfectly satisfactory, in my judg-
ment the wisest thing this Congress can do would
be to divide the public property fairly, and appor-
tion the public debt. I say, sir—and events in
the course of a few months will determine whether
I am right or not—in my judgment, unless the
decided constitutional guarantees arc obtained at
an early day, it will be best for all sections that
a peaceable division of the public property should
take place.
I know there are intimations that suffering will
fall upon us in the South, if we secede. My
people are not terrified by any such considera-
tions. Thoy have been governed, not by cow-
ardice, but by a very strong attachment to the
Union. They have no fears of the future, if
driven to rely on themselves. The southern States
have more tenitory than all the colonies had when
they seceded from Great Britain, and a better ter-
ritory. Taking its position,climate,and fertility
into consideration, there is not upon earth a body
of territory superior to it. Everybody knows it
would supporta population of threchundredmil-
lion if it were as densely settled as parts of
Europe, that from personal observation I know
not to be superior to it. The southern States
have, too, at this day, four times the population
the colonies had when they seceded from Great
Britain. Their exports to the North and to for-
eign countries were, last year, more than three
hundred million dollars; and a duty of ten per
cent, upon the same amount of imports would
give |30,000,000 of revenue—twice as much as
General Jackson's administration spent in its
first year. Everybody can sec, too, how the
bringing in of $300,000,000 of imports into the
southern ports would enliven business in our sea-
board towns. I have seen with some satisfac-
tion, also, Mr. President, that the war made upon
us has benefited certain branches of industry in
my State. There are manufacturing establish-
ments in North Carolina, the propiietors of
which tell me that they are making fifty percent,
annually on their whole capital, and yet cannot
supply one tenth of the demands for their pro-
ductions. The result of only ten per cent, duties
in excluding products from abroad, would give
life and impetus to mechanical and manufacturing
industry throughout the entire South. Our peo-
ple understand these things, and they are not
afiaid of lesults if forced to declare independence.
Indeed, I do not see why northern Republicans
should wish to continue a connection with us
upon any terms. They say that our institutions
are a disgrace to the political family, which they
intend u^bmovo. They declare African slavery
to be a crime, and that it must be abolished. If
we and they separate, their consciences will be
freed from all responsibility for this sin. They
want high tariffs likewise. They may put on
five hundred per cent., if they choose, upon then-
own imports, and nobody on our side will com-
plain. Theymayspend all the money they laise
on railroads, or opening harbors, or any thing on
earth they desire, without interference from us;
and it does seem to me that if they are sincere in
their views, they ought to welcome a separation.
I confess, Mr. President, that I do not know
whether or not I understand the views of the
message exactly on some points. There is some-
thing said in it about collecting the revenue. I
fully agree with the President that there is no
power or right in this Government to attempt to
coerce a State back into the Union; but if the
State does secede, and thus becomes a foreign
State, it seems to me equally clear that you have
no right to collect taxes in it. It is not pretended
that we can collect taxes at British or other for-
eign ports from commerce going m there. If a
State of the Union secedes, and becomes a foreign
State, it cannot be touched. The most offensive
form of coercion which could be adopted would
be that of levying tribute. I have no doubt that
most of the Governments of Europe would re-
lease their dependencies from the claim on them
for protection and for postal facilities, &c., if they
would just pay the Government all the money it
might think proper to exact, 1 do not know, sir,
whether! am given to understand from the mes-
sage that there is a purpose to continue the col-
lection of duties in any contingency; but if that
be the policy, I have no doubt some collision
may occur. I deprecate it; and hope there will
be none. If there is to be a separation cither of
a part or the whole of the slaveholding States, I
think it better for all pal-tics that it should be done
peaceably and quietly; and as far as I have any
influence, it will be exerted for bringing it about
in that way if it must come. I d*o not undertake
to say what my own State will do. Even if she
were not inclined to move, she will soon find a
movement on her southern border; and so it is
with Virginia, and with all the Southern States;
and in my opinion the movement will not stop
until they all go. I give that opinion because
tins is an occasion of so much moment that no
man ought to withhold his opinions. I may be
wrong; but I speak on the subject frankly, just
as I would converse with any gentleman by the
fireside.
My purpose was not so much to make a speech
as to state what Ithinkisthegreatdifiiculty; and
that is, that a man has been elected because he
has been and is hostile to the South. It is this
that alarms our people; and I am free to say, as I
have said on the stump this summer, repeatedly,
that if that election were not resisted, either now
or at some day not far distant, the Abolitionists
would succeed in abolishing slavery ail over the
South.
Now, as to this idea of gentlemen waiting for
overt acts. Why, sir, if the fugitive slave law had
been repealed without these other occurrences, it
could not have produced half the excitement in
the country. Men would have said, " We have
gotten back very few negroes under it; its repeal
merely puts us where we were ton years ago."
Again, if you were to abolish slavery in this Dis-
trict, it would be said,4'There are only a few thou-
sand slaves here; that is a small matter; are you
going to disturb this great Union just for the sake
of a few thousand slaves?" It is said, however,
by some persons, that we are to submit until i ev-
olution is more tolerable than the acts of which
wc complain. That was not the policy of our
revolutionary fathers. Nobody supposes that
the tea tax or the stamp tax was an oppressive
measure in itself. They saw, however, that if
they were submitted to, in time oppression would
be practiced; and they wisely resisted at the start.
Now, sir, I take it for granted that Lincoln
would resort to no overt acts in the first instance.
I cannot conceive that he would have the folly to
do so. I presume he would be conservative in
his declarations, and I should attach just as much
weight to them as I would to the soothing words
and manner of a man who wanted to mount a
wild horse, and who would not, until he was
safely in the saddle, apply whip or spur. I take
it for granted, when he comes in, he will meke
things as quiet as he can make them at first. '
presume the policy of the party -would be to en-
deavor to divide the South. They complain tlutt
Abolition documents are not circulated there.
They wish to have an opportunity, by circulating
such things as Helpci's book, of arraying the
non-slaveholders and "poor men against the
wealthy. I have no doubt that would be their
leading policy, and they would be veiy quiet
about it. They want to get up that sort of44 fn e
debate" which has been put into practice in Texas,
according to the Senator from New York, for ho
is reported to have said in one of his speeches
in the Northwest,alluding to recent disturbance s,
to burnings and poisonings th'-ic, thatTcxas was
excited by "free debate." Well, sir, a Senator
from Texas told me the other day that a good
many of those debaters were hanging up by the
trees in that country . I have no doubt, also, they
would run off slaves fcisterfrom the border States,
and perhaps oblige the slave owneis to send them
down further South, so as to make some of those
States free States; and then, when the South was
divided to some extent, the overt acts would
come, and we should have, perhaps, a hard strug-
gle to escape destruction.
Therefore, I maintain that our true policy is to
meet this issue in limine; and I hope it will be
done. If we can maintain our personal safety,
let us hold on to the present Government; if not,
we musttake care of ourselves at all hazaids. i
tIimlr this is the feeling ihat prevails in North
Carolina. I have spoken of there being two pai ties
there, but { may say to you, Mr. President, that
that party which is for immediate action iw gam-
ing strength rapidly. I do not believe there has
been a meeting yet held in the State where there
was a collision of opinion, that ultra resolutions
have not been adopted. This feeling is not con-
