1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fined to either of the political parties which made
a stiu<rgle there in the lateelections. The current
of resistance is running vapidly over the South.
It is idle for men to shut their eyes to conse-
quences like these. If anything can be done to
a\ort the evil, let those who have the power do
it. I wii! not now detain the Senate longer.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I re-
gret that the honorable Senator from North Car-
olina has thought proper to make the speech
which he lias just addressed to the Senate. I did
hope that we had all come together upon this oc-
casion duly impressed with the solemnity of the
business that would devolve upon us, duly im-
pressed with the great dangers that were impend-
ing over our countiy,and especially with those
dangeis which threaten thecxistenceof our Union.
That was the temper m which I hoped we were
now assembled. I hope this debate will proceed
no further. The gentleman lias hardly uttered a
sentiment or an opinion in which I do not dis-
agree with him—hardly one, sir. I have hopes
<jf the preservation of that Union under which I
have so long lived; I have hopes that that Union
which was the glory of our fathers will not be-
come the shame of their children. But I rise
here now, sir, not for the purpose of making a
speech, and I intend to stick to my purpose. I
wish the gentleman had stuck to his when he said
he rose not to make a speech. I rise here to
oppress the hope, and that alone, that the bad
example of thegentlcman will not bo followed, and
that we shall not allow ourselves now to be in-
volved inanangiydebate. Wehad better not have
•come hero at all if that is our purpose. If we
have not come here to give a deliberate and a
solemn consideration to the grave questions which
are thrust upon us, we aic not fit for the places
which we occupy. This Union way established
by great sacrifices-, this Union is worthy of great
ijueuiices and great concession4-'for its mainte-
nance ; and I trust there is not a*Scnatoi here w ho
is not willing to yield and to compromise much
in otder to preserve the Government and the
\jmoii of the country.
1 look forward with dismay and with some-
thing like despair to the condition of this coun-
try when the Union shall be stricken down, and
we shall be turned loose again to speculate on the
policies and on the foundation upon which wo
are to establish governments. I look at it, sir,
with a fear-and trembling that predispose me to
the most solemn considerations that i am possi-
bly capable of feeling, to search out, if it be pos-
sible, some means for the reconciliation of all the
different sections and members of thisUnion,and
see if we cannot again restore that harmony and
that fiatennty and that union winch once existed
in this country,and which gave so much of bless-
ing and so much of benefit to us all. I hope we
shall not now engage in any irritating or angry
debate. Oui duties require of us very different
dispositions of mind; and I trust none of us will
allow ourselves to be irritated or provoked, or
through rny inadvertence involved m any angry
onri Hating discussions now. Calm consideration
is demanded of us; a solemn duty is to be per-
formed; not invectives to be pronounced; notpas-
sions to be aroused; not wrongs to be detailed and
aggravated over and over again. Let us look to
the future; let us look to the present only to see
what are the dangers and what are the remedies;
and to appeal, for the adoption of those remedies,
to the good feeling of every portion of this House.
It is in that way only that we can arrive at a
peaceable and satisfactory conclusion.
I will not now allude further to any of the ques-
tions which the gentleman has presented. I shall
not discuss the question whether Mr. Lincoln's
election be or be not a good cause for resistance.
I tell you there is at least diversity, great diver-
sity of opinion, which should make us regard it
as a question for consideration. I do not believe
there is a man in the State of Kentucky—we have
parties there, we have divisions there—but I do
not believe there is a man in Kentucky, of any
party, that agrees with the gentleman on that
question. We are all a Union-loving people, and
we desire that all these difficulties and dissensions
may be healed, and a remedy applied to all the
grievances of which we have a right to complain,
and th.11 there may be a restoration of peace and
ti.mqiullity. That is what we desire. I hope,
judging from the general cluuacter of myfiiond
from North Carolina, and judging from the noble
character of the State which he represents here—
a State that has always, while exhibiting the
firmness that belongs properly to her, carried the
olive branch in her hand constantly, and has
taught peace, harmony, and union, heretofore in
this country—I hope fiom him that, on recon-
sideration and calmer reflection, he will unite with
us here in as true a spirit of union and devouon
to the country as any man.
i am con tent, sir. that the gentleman's motion
for printing the message shall be passed, and will
waive any remarks which { might have been dis-
posed otherwise to make on that message. I do
not agree that there is no power in the President
to preserve the Union. I will say that now. if
we have a Union at all, and if, as the President
thinks, there is no right to secede on the part of
any State, (and I agree with him in that,) I think
there is a right to employ our power to preserve
the Union. I do not say how we should apply it,
or under what circumstances we should apply it.
I leave all t^at open. To say that no State has
a right to secede, that it is a wrong to the Union,
and yet that the Union has no right to interpose
any obstacles to its secession, seems to me to be
altogether contradictory.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Mr. President, T occupy
a different position toward the distinguished Sen-
ator from Kentucky from that which lie occupies
toward mc. 1 approve of much that he says,
though 1 regret, of course, that he does not agree
with mo on any of my points. 1 approve of his
desire to see these questions harmoniously set-
tled—of his wish to preserve the Union on hon-
oiable terms; but v/e differ as to the proper mode
of doing it. It seems to me, that ignoring these
evils is like talking of health when a man is very
ill. You must, apply remedies that will reach the
disease; and I ha\e spoken, therefore, frankly
my impr* sbions: and i think I shall be sustained
by a \.ist majotity of the people of my State in
what 1 have now said. lie is pleased to compli-
ment the State, and J, as one of her representa-
tives, appreciate it. North Carolina was the last
State but one to come into the Union; she hesi-
tated a long while. 1 think she has shown great
devotion to it; but whenever it ceases to protect
her honor and provide for her safety, she will
bid it tan-well, though she may be reluctant to
do so. The Senator no doubt knows, far better
than 1 do, the feeling of Kentucky; but from what
1 have seen in all pans of the country in which I
have been, I tlnnk this movement among the peo-
ple will go on unless a remedy be applied.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is to find that rem-
edy that we arc here.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 think one of the wisest
remarks that Mr. Calhoun ever made was, that
the Union could not be saved by eulogies upon it.
We have had eulogies upon the Union until they
have been'productive of mischief. The Aboli-
tionists say that " the South cannot be kicked out
of the Union," and southern men say amen to it.
1 do not refer to the Senator; but I mean that the
tone and language in the South has been calcu-
lated to encourage the Abolitionists, and render
them only the moie insolent and aggressive. It
was therefore I frankly made the declarations
already uttered. I will join the honorable Sen-
ator, m good faith, m an effort to avert the evil
that threatens us, if any fair prospect should be
presented. Failing m this, I will stand by my
State in any effort she may find necessary to pro-
tect her interests and maintain her honor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from North Carolina must go to the Com-
mittee on Printing. Thoie is as yet no Committee
on Printing. If theie be no objection, the motion
will be entered, and when the committee is formed
it will be referred.
Mr. FITCH. 1 move that the usual number
be printed, and thaLnumber can be punted with-
out reference. The question of extra numbers |
must be referred to the committee. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will j
go to the committee when formed. ;
Mr. FITCH. I th>nk, with all due deference i(
to the opinion of the Chair, that that motion doe* >
not necessarily go to the committee, but only the r
printing of extra numbers. J
Mr. "HALE. That, motion may be put by ;
unanimous consent, i do not think there will be
any objection 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. It must go to*the
Committee on Printing,-oxcept by unammotMP
consent.
Mr. HALE. There will be no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Chair will put the question now on
the motion to print the usual rmmberof the Pres-
ident's message.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate then
adjourned. - i •
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 4,1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CHANGES ON COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. McKenty as a
member of the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, in the place of Mr. McPiierson,
excused.
Also, Mr. Howard, of Michigan, as a mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways andMeans,ln the
place of Mr. Washburn, of Maine, excused.
The SPEAKER also appointed Mr, McPjier-
son to fill the vacancy in the Committee on Naval
Affairs, occasioned by the death of Mr. Schwartz;
and Mr. Barret to fill the vacancy in the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, occasioned by the resigna-
tion of Mr. Blair, of Missouri.
ESTIMATE OF SECRETARY OF TI1E TREASURY,
The SPEAKER laid before the House the an-
nual estimate of the Secretary of the Treasury;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FLORENCE. It is usual to have extra
copies of this report printed. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Printing to report
as to the propriety of printing twenty thousand
extra copies.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not necessary.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is aware that this is the annual estimate
submitted by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
that the requisite numbers can be printed accord-
ing to law.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well. I withdraw
the motion.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The joint committee ap-
pointed to wait on the President of the United
States, to inform him that both Houses of Con-
gress are organized and ready to receive any com-
munication he may choose to make, have per-
formed that duty, and were requested by the
President to state that he will communicate to
Congress by message, in writing, at twelve o'clock
to-day.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. GROW. The House adjourned yesterday
on a call for the previous question on a motion to
reconsider the reference of the homestead bill. I
suppose that that is the first business in order.
The SPEAKER. The question is on second-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. WINSLOW. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Some of us here are
not advised as to the contents of this bill. Is it in
order to ask to have the bill read ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled
to have it lead.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill, but was
interrupted by the receipt of the President's an-
nual message, by the hands of Mr. Adam J. Gloss-
brexner, his Private Secretary.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to postpone the
further reading of the bill for the present, in order
to have the message of the President of the Uni-
ted States road. We will not be called upon im-
mediately, perhaps, to vote upon that bill.
Mr. GROW. 1 propose this. Let the bill be
printed in to-morrow's Globe, so that a!! members
can read and understand it. Then let the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Piiej-ps] withdraw
his motion to lay on the table; and let the vote
