1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•i
deprive the State which I represej^f of her equal-
ity or her rights with the other Status of this
Union, I would not submit to it. 1 would have
liua w!ii« h we nro entile.! i<>, and L would ask
no moiv. but tHt.it i would have, and every State
of (ins Union is entitled to it, and ought to and
lutiftt ha\c it.
Mr. President, I sent for,and have now in my
hand, the letter of the distinguished Senator fi>oin
"Wisconsin to which 1 have alluded, and for fear
I did not q icfe it cmrcetly, I will lead his letter,
it is a bcuuund document, but just in keepin:
with the punciples upon which Mr. Lincoln was | ber of the message.
suspend the law; and the law imperatively requires
an estimate and a report from the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then there is no
motion before the Senate.
Mr. FITCH. My motion was adopted yester-
day, as 1 understood, to print the usual number.
Mr. CLIjXGMAN. I do not want any mis-
understanding. I arose and moved to print the
usual number. I afterwards heard the gentleman
say something about extra numbers, and under-
stood him to make a motion to print them. The
only motion I made was to print the usual num-
elocU-d. lie says:
Racine, November 16, I860.
" \V V. ^;'Lf>ccKj , Corresponding Secretary:
'• Sir. : Am impon-mi bu-.inc-j« engagement. b.'yond my
powei t'> j  Wi'I pjevont me irom joining tb.  Re-
publican- <>r Milwaukee this evening, mk rejoicing over
the iflonoiia victoiy Idtely obtained'by the Kepubiicau
pait>\ 
" It l-i, indeed, a groat viecory ; establishing two things,
at If n&t:
'• I. Tiint slavery shall not be extended into the Ternlo-
rie.-, by any mc?uio however bold, nor under any contriv-
ance however f-p-'cious, neither by act of Congress, by
boidni lulluui invasion, by judicial deciees, nor by ternto-
nai slave codes; but that the free Territories acquired or to
be acquired j rom Mexico, or Great Britain, shall remain
free. And,
k'2. Tii.u ihc majority, and not the minority, by their
votesj con-umtiondii^ «i\en, t-hail determine who bhall be
President <n ilie l.'ii.red States, and that it irf the first pun-
cipl'j in Iicpubucan 2'0la''ar $oicrci*tity that the minority
mn^t aequie-ee, pe.ieesuHy it they will, but thev niur-t ac-
quiesce in the cinoicenieut of a(I constitutional laws on-
acted loi Hie eounttN, and ior the whole country.
k- We have not pm enured Florida to pioteetour entrance
into tlie 'J i,lt ol Mexico, not Louisiana to contiol the out
let of the Mis.sjj-.feipp, valley, nor annexed Texas, and de-
fended isei a^anistMexico at the expense of ioity thousand
live:,, and ijiUJ.OOU.UiJU, to suffer them now to jwm under a
foiei",i uiid hostile jurisdiction. It cannot be done. Mr.
Inneoln will be inaugurated President ot all the United
State.-, and must tako'charge ot' all oui foieign leiations."
Now, here is the modest part of this letter:
u When the pas-ion and misiepre&entation of the hour
are passed ; when the people of ttie South, who have as
yet iUu-M d to In ui w hat l'^puolieanscui i-, except from
political encime-. thai I l".v n iioin Ima what in tally i-., and
how <r.o--iv it ha-s been ma-f p teemed to them, even con-
side: uio:. o; iuieie-t diia of pan iota- in \wl  b.nd them anew
to the Aawneari Un:on. and ("ad tinnn to a peaceiul acqui-
escence in Mi. Lnicolu-'s aununistiauon.
UJ. II. DOOLiTTLE."
Mr. President, it is not the election of Mr. Lin-
cola that is troubling the country, us 1 said be- !
fore, but that he is legarded as a dangerous man; J
that he en Lei tains views and opinions as expressed j
by hniibuf, which are dangerous to the peace, ,
safety, and prosperity of fifteen Stares of this Con- ,
federacy. it is because he has been supported ;
and elected by a party holding the views of the
Senator to whom I have just referred. Mr. Lin- ,
coin himself, if he were not in the hands of .such
a party, would not be objectionable, nor would :
he if he had no views, or had expressed none; j
but he has had views; he is an " irrepie&sihle-con-
lhct" man; he holds that the slave States and free
States cannot live together. 1 apprehend the re-
sult will be, that they will not live together.
The motion is to print the message. It is a !
very important .State paper, and i approve a very :
consideiable portion of it. There are many points ■
in it that i like; and before it goes out to the coun- :
try, I have thought it proper to say this much on 1
the subject. 1,1 !
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the Senate ready I
for the question on the motion of the Senator from
TheVlCE PRESIDENT. The motion to print
the usual number was first made by the Senator
from North Carolina. The Senator from Indiana
afterwart
numbers
Mr. FITCH. I did not understand, did not
hear, indeed, the motion of theSenator from North
Carolina; but understood the Piesiding Officer to
say that motion must be referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:, when that committee should be
constituted; and I therefore supposed the motion
was for an extra number, and sought to correct
it by having the usual number printed, which
could be ordered, by general consent, without ref-
erence. If that was the motion of the Senator,
my motion need not go upon the Journal. None
but the usual number could be printed without a
reference; and it was the motion of the Senator
from North Carolina which was adopted, and not
my own; and really my motion should not be
matter of rccord.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. I was going to say a few words
in relation to the message, but I do not know that
I shall say them now, that being out of the way;
for I understand there is no motion before the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. None
Mi. HALE. Then, for the puipose of trying
the very few words that I mean to say—and I do
not intend to say much—I move to reconsider the
vote by which the usual number of the message
was ordered to be printed. I voted in the affirm-
ative on that question. That being before the
Senate, I take occasion to say that I was very
much m hopes when the message was presented
that it would be a document which would com-
mend itself cordially to somebody. I was not so
sangume about its pleasing myself, but I was in
hopes that it would be one thing or another. I
was in hopes that the Prcsidcntwouldhavelooked
in the face the crisis in which he says the coun-
try is, and that his message would he either one
thing or another. But, sir, I have read it some-
what carefully; I listened to it as it was read at
the desk: and, if I understand it—and I think I
do—it is this: South Carolina has just cause for
seceding from the Union; that is the first prop-
osition. The second is, that she has no right to
secede. The third is, that we have ho right to
prevent her from seceding. That is the Presi-
dent's message, substantially. He goes on to rep-
resent this as a great and powerful country, and
that no State has a right to secede from it; but
the power of the country, if I understand the Pres-
ident, consists in what Dickens makes the English
constitution to he—a power to do nothing at all.
Now, sir, I think it was incumbent on the Prcs
\y ay ,
efore the i 
v^'
di snyins:
T i- 1 , - , • ,i pi .,ii i i\ow, sir, j unlit it was nicuuiueiii un mo ± ie&-
Indiana - It there oe no objection, Lie CWrjJlj. : • g QUt dofinlte,
mit llip mnimn It roum r.<  iinanimnns r.nilSO!\Kf' - __ 1 J
put the motion, it reuuiivs unanimous consent
Mr. WIGFALL. What is the motion ? |
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will ;
read it. :
The Secretary read, as follows: !
GrJvred, 'i'l'.it there be printed for the use of the Senate 1
the t-amc number 01 extra copies of the annual message of
the i'n'-itk ut ot the United States as punted of tiie j
animal - at tlie Im- t session '•
Mr. XIALE. Mr. President-  I
Mr. ITVCIj rose. ;
Tne VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator !
from New liauipsluiv yield? i
Mi. i [ALE. Yes, sir. i
Mi. Fi. i'CH. I merely desire to say that what
has now been lead wasnot my motion. I moved |
that thrii-.ua! number be printed; and, by general 1
consent of the Senate, the motion was adopted. ;
The S<inete cannot order an extra number with- ;
out r ieport from the Committee 011 Printing. |
Th-. re is a law 111 the way; not simply a rule of j
the Senate, which can be suspended. We cannot I
and recommend to Congress some rule of action,
and to tell us what he recommended us to do.
But, in my judgment, he has entirely avoided it.
He has failed to look the thing in the face. He
has acted like the ostrich, which hides her head,
and thereby thinks to escape danger. Sir, the only
way to escape danger is to look it in the fac.e. I
think the country did expect from the President
some exposition of a decidcd policy;_ and I con-
fess that, for one, I was rather indifferent as to
what that policy was that he recommended; but
I hoped that it would be something; that it would
be decisive. He has utterly failed 111 that icspect.
1 think we might as well look this matter light
clearly in the face; and I am not going to be long
about doing it. I think that this state of atTairs
looks to one of two things: it looks to absolute
submission, not on the part of our southern
friends and the southern States, but of the North,
to the abandonment of their position—it looks to
a surrender of that popular sentiment winch has
been uttered through the constituted forms of the
ballot-box; or it looks to open war. Wo need
not shut .our eyes to the fact. It means war, and
it means nothing else; itntl the State which has
pat herself .in the attitude of secession so looks
upon it. She has asked 110 counsel, she has coiir
sidered it as a settled question, and she lias armed
herself. As I understand the aspect of affaii-3, it
looks to that, and it looks to nothing else except
unconditional submission on the part of the ma-
jority. I did not read the paper—I do not read
many papers—but I understand that there was a
remedy suggested in a paper printed, 1 think, in
this city, and it was that the President and vice
Presideiitelectshould be inaugurated, (thatwould
be a great concession I) and then, being inaugu-
rated, they should quietly resign ! Well, sir, I
am not entirely certain that that would settle the
question. I think that after the President and
Vice President clcct should have resigned, there
would he as much difficulty in settling who was
to take their places as there was in settling it
before.
I do not wish, sir, to say a word that shall in-
crease any irritation; that shall add any feeling
of bitterness to the state of things which really
exists m the country, and I would hear and for-
bear before I would say anything which would
add to this bitterness; but j[ tell you, sir, the
plain, true way is to look this thing in the face-—
sec where we are. And I avow here—1 do not
know whether or not I shall be sustained by those
who usually act with me—if the issue which is
presented is that the constitutional will of the
public opinion of this country, expressed through
the forms of the Constitution, will not be sub-
mitted to, and war is the alternative, let it come
in any form or in any shape. The Union is dis-
solved and it cannot be held together as a (Jnion,
if that is the alternative upon which we go into
an election. If itispreannounced and determined
that the voice of the majority expressed through
the regular and constituted forms of the Consti-
tution, will not he submitted to, then, sir, this is
not a Union of equals; it is a Union of a dictato-
rial oligarchy on the one side, and a herd of
slaves and cowards on the other. That is it, sir;
nothing more; nothing less.
If this discussion is proceeded with, I shall take
occasion, by the indulgence of the Senate, once
more to address myself to that phase of this con-
troversy which is so constantly, so perseveiingly,
so continuously held up—that the northern States
of the Union are the aggressors in producing this
unhappy state of things. The northern States of
this Union are the aggressors in one sense; we
have a set of presses and a set of politicians among
us traitorous to the public voice and the publia
interests, ministering to a diseased appetite, that
lend their energies to the dissemination of asper-
sions and slanders upon the people among whom
they live and upon whom they feed; and I very
much fear that our friends upon the cither side
have listened too much to theiraspersions of their
fellow-citizens, rather than 10 their own convic-
| tions of what the truth is. I desire, if this dis-
! cussion proceeds, to show up what I conceive to
! be the true character of this position of things, so
far as relates to the alleged aggressions of tho
northern States; but I do not pretend to speak
for the northern States; I have 110 right to do so;
they did not send me here; I was not elected by
the northern States; I am only lieie to speak for
one; and let me say, sir, that I have 110 fear, not
the slightest, no doubt, not the minutest, let the
result of this unhappy controversy be what it
may; let it be settled in any form it may; drenched
in blood, if it may—I have no fear, no doubt, that
that little State which I have the honor in part
to represent 011 this floor, will stand acquit—not
before posterity; I do not care so much about
that—but will stand acquit befoie the tribunal of
the civilised world; will stand acquit before tile
verdict of Christendom of to-day; will stand acquit
before the impartial ;uid independent ju(h;uten! of
the men of to-day. I have no such ilistrest of
i the position that State occupies, lhat t v/ish to
| appeal from the present to the future. No, sir. 1
I say that the State which I have the honor in part
I to represent here, upon the Constitutor), upon the
| record, and upon the truth of history, wi'I su.i"!
to-day and forever fully acquit of ev.ny <!..<r;;e
| that can be brought against her of looking- to the
! infraction on her part of the Constitution, or any
