12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
Power. Hungary, with only eight million, was
conqucrcd by Austria, but it required the aid of
the colossal power of Russia. Even then she
would not have been conquered but for the treach-
ery of one of her own sons. Mexico was con-
quered by the United States; but Mexico is a
feeble nation, and her councils were distracted and
her energies weakened by divisions among her
people. But, sir, the fifteen slave States, or even
the five of them now moving, banded togctherin
one Government, and united as they are soon to
be, would defy the world in arms, much less the
northern States of this Confederacy. Fighting
on our own-soil, in defense of our own sacred
rights and honor, we could not be conquered even
by the combined forces of all the other States; and
sagacious, sensible men, in the northern States,
would understand that too well to make theeffort.
Besides, what would theygain if they conquered
us? "Would it l)o aUnion worth preserving which
is maintained by force ? No, sir. Like the Pres-
ident of the United States, no sensible man, no
patriot, no unc who is guided by proper counsels,
will ever urge the policy of making war to bring
back seceding States at the point of the bayonet
into (he Union. J do not apprehend any wai.
But jf the northern States, or the Federal Gov-
ernment controlled by the counsels of the noith-
crn States, shall attempt to coerce us, then war
will come; and like the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, if he wants war, I say here to-day we are
ready for it. We intend to prepare for war. We
do not believe that war will ensue, but we are
determined to prepare font. A wise man will
always prepare forany danger or contingency Unit
may arise; and we are preparing for it. We will
be prepmed when the time comes. AVe will fight
for our liberties, our rights, and our honor; and
we are not a feeble race of Mexicans, either. I
do not believe we shall have any treachery as
Hungary had in her war with Austria and Rus-
sia. 1 believe we shall have a united people.
United, as we shall be, in interest, and in all that
we hold dear, we do not dread war, except so
far as the terrible consequences which always
follow atmcd collisions. We know how much
distress it brings.
But, sir, I apprehend that when we go out and
form our confederacy—as I think and hope we
shall do very shortly—the northern States, or the
Federal Government, will see its true policy to
be to let us go m peace and make treaties of com-
meiee and amity with us, from which they will
derive more advantages than from any attempt to
coerce us. They cannot succeed in cocrcing us.
If they allow us to form our Government without
difficulty, we shall be very willing to look upon
them as a favored nation and give them all the
advantages of commercial and amicable treaties.
1 have no doubt but that both of us—certainly
the southern States—would live better, more hap-
pily, more prosperously,and with greater friend-
ship, than we live now m this Union.
Sir, disguise the fact as you will, there is an
enmity between the northern and southern people
that is deep and enduring, and you never can
eradicate it—never! Look at the spectacle ex-
hibited on tins floor. How is it? There are the
Republican northern Senators upon that side,
Here aie the southei n Senators on this side. How
much social intercourse is there between us ? You
sit upon your side, sdent and gloomy; we .sit
upon ours wit h knit brows and portentous scowls.
Yesteiday, I observed that there was not a soli-
tary man on that side of the Chamber came over
here even to extend the civilities and courtesies
of life; nor did any of us go over there. Ilere
are two hostile bodies on tins floor; and it is but
a type oi'the fcehng that exists between the two
sections. We aie enemies as much as if we were
hostile States. I believe that the northern people
hale the South woise than ever the English peo-
pl > hated France; and 1 can tell my brethren over
there fha* there is no love lost upon the part of
the South.
in this state of feeling, divided as we are by
inteiest, by a geographical leehng, by everything
that makes two people separate and distinct, I
ask why we should lenaun in the same Union
tO'>ethei; We have not lived in peace; we aie
not now living in peace. It is not expected or
hoped .'hai we .dial! ever live in peace. My doc-
tru.e is that whenever even man and wife lind
that thev mast quariel, and cannot hve m peace,
they ought to separate; and these two sections—
the North and South—manifesting, as they have
done and do now, and probably ever will mani-
fest, feelings of hostility, separated as they are
in interests and objects, my own opinion is they
can never live in peace; and the sooner they sep-
arate the better.
Sir, these sentiments I have thrown out crudely
I confess, and upon the spur of the occasion. I
should not have opened my mouth, but that the
Senator from New Hampshire seemed to show
a spirit of bravado, as if he intended to alarm
and scarc the Southern States into a retreat from
their movements, fie says that war is to come,
and you had better take care, therefore. That is
the purport of his language; of course those are
not his words; but 1 understand him very well,
and every body else, I apprehend, understands him
that war is threatened, and therefore the South
had better look out. Sir, I do not believe there
will be any war; but if war is to come, let it
come. We will meet the Senator from New
Hampshire and all the myrmidons of Abolition-
ism and Black Republicanism everywhere, upon
our own soil; and in the language of a distin-
guished member from Ohio in relation to the
Mexican wai, we will k< welcome you with bloody
hands to hospitable graves." \
Mr. DAVIS. Air. President, on the motiojv1
to print the ordinary number of copies of th¥
President's message made yesterday, I was pre-
pared toallowit to pass in silence, both as a com-
tesy to the Executive and as a document necessary
to the performance of the ordinary duties of the
Senate. The proposition now betoie the Senate
to print an extra numberof copies, carries with it
at least some mark of approval on the part of
thofce who sanction it. It is to punt extia copies
for distribution of something considered so valu-
able to the public that we should incur the ex-
PC]\Jr. 11 ALE. Will tlio Senator allow mo to
correct him in a matter of fact? lie is mistaken
in the character of the question before the Senate.
Upon a question of otder, that was withdiawn,
and after it was withdiawn, 1, having had the
floor, and given way, made a motion projonna
to reconsider the motion ordernigthe message to
be printed, giving noticc at the same tune that I
only made it for tile purpose of submitting some
remaiks; and 1 now withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion can
only be withdrawn by the consent of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. On that question, of course, I
will make no remarks directly to the message. I
think it is proper to print the message, whether it
be good, bad, or indifferent; and therefore, in re-
lation to the character of the message, I shall
make no retnaiks upon the motion to print the
ordinary number of copies. I will, however, take
tins occasion to say that, as a Senator of the
United States, I am here to perfoim my functions
as such; that befoie a declination of war is made
against the State of which 1 am a citizen, 1 ex-
pect to be out of the Chamber; that when that
declaration of war is made, the State of which 1
am a citizen will be found ready and quite willing
to meet it. While we remain here, acting ascai-
bassadors of sovereign States, at least under/lie
forms of fiiendship, held together by an alliance
as close as it is possible for suveieign Stat/s to
stand to each other, threats from one to the/>thcr
seem to be wholly inappropriate; and therefore
1 shall make no further remarks.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, I propose,
as the debate has been opened upon this question,
not to give my views hi cxtenso, but very briefly
to commcnt upon some matters th.it have fallen
from Senators on both sides of this Chamber, i
am induced particularly to do so in conscquence
of what has fallen from the Senator from Geor-
gia. He and 1 do not und< rstand the Constitu-
tion in the same way; and he and I do not look
at the great issues that arc now pending, and
which are soon to be precipitjted upon thecoun-
i; try, from the same stand point. If I believed ;
ij that the act of secession was one of revolution, I
ji that it was one in dn-ect conflict with the Consti- j
tation of the United States that I am sworn to I
obey, I should hesitate much before I would utter I
such s-'iiuuients as I am in the habit of uttering, !
and before i would advise such action as I am in j
jj the habit of advising—1 mean to those who ask j
ij mv opinions. |
1 I regret very much the character of the message
which we have now under discussion; not upon
the ground that the Senator from New Hamp-
shire predicates his objections—that it is neither
one thing nor the other; but for the, to me, more
satisfactory reason that it is both one thing and
the other." It is difficult for men who have no
well-defined ideas upon subjects which they un-
dertake to discuss, to discuss them so that they
can correctly be understood. In this country,
within a few years past, there has been shed a
flood of light upon the form of government under
which we are living, which those who camefiom
another generation, and belong to another age, I
fear, have not imbibed. There are antediluvians,
and then there are some who did not live befoie
the flood; but I suppose they might be called post-
dduvians, probably paulo-postdiluvians—a very
short time after it, and they seem not to have pro-
gressed.
Now, sir, it is a historical fact that the journals
of the convention, for some reason or other, were
a scaled book until about 1820. We discussed—
I mean those who went before us—the Constitu-
tion without the light which was necessary to
give meaning to its different clauses. Subse-
quently to that time the Constitution has been
better understood, because the journals of the
convention have been published. The contro-
versy in 1832 threw a flood of light upon this
question; and in 1852, the Democratic party at
Baltimore adopted the Kentucky and Virginia
resolutions, with Mr. Madison's report, as their
text and creed. No man who professes to be-
lieve those doctrines can deny the sovereignty of
the States. No man who professes to believe
those doctrines can deny that the Constitution is
a compact between States. No man who admits
that that Constitution is a compact, as it is called
in the second Kentucky resolution, under the
style and title of the Constitution of the United
j States, to which each State has acceded as a State,
can deny that the States are the judges in the last
icsortof the meaning of that compact; and no
man who admits that the Constitution is a com-
pact between States, to which each State acceded
as a State, can deny the right to seccde, whenever
any State sees lit. To talk of secession, there-
foie, being a revolutionary right, is to use tennis
with a looseness and want of signification, a want
of accuracy, that rcndeis discussion upon such a
question uttei ly impossible between men who use
these terms with definite meanings and those who
use them vaguely.
Now, sir, if you admit that the individuals who
live between the two oceans, and between the
Gulf and the lakes, do not compose a single po-
litical community, that they are not a State, but
that those individuals who live within these lim-
its are States, separate, distinct, political commu-
nities, that they have ratified a compact which is
binding between them, then at once you introduce
the law of nations as the rule for construing that
compact. When political communities, when
nations, when States, enter into compacts with
each other, the effect is to bind all their citizens.
When the State of Texas ratified the Constitution
of the United States, it was a matter of not the
slightest impoitance whether I or any other citizen
of that State approved or disapproved of the rati-
fication. We weic bound by it. Eo instanti the
laws of the United States became operative within
the limits of that State, and we were bound to obey
those laws. Why? Because the political power
of the State of Texas had ratified that Constitu-
tion; because she had become one of the States
of the Union; and because, by the sixth article
of the Constitution, that Constitution and the
laws made, jn accordance with it were the su-
preme law of the land. "When Texas, in her
sovereign capacity, when the political power
which made tins compact shall revoke the ratifi-
cation, the laws of the United States cease there
to opeiate, and the citizens of Texas cease to owe
any obedience to the laws of the United State-s.
Why? Because the laws of the United States
extend over the limit-- of the United States, and
she having ceascd to be one of the States of this
Union, of cuut;-e the operation and effect of those
! laws stop at her limits. Th"se are plain prop-
j osit to us which those who call themselves Demo-
I crats profess, and those who are Democrats be-
i here.
I Then, io talk of secession being a revolutionary
