1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-.
IS
right, is, m my opinion—well, 1 will not use ail
epithet—it is not logical; it is using the term in
a sense in which it can never be used by lawyers.
Has a State the right to withdraw without
causer Has ti State the right to withdraw with
cause? I say that it is a matter of not the slightest
consequence whether there be cause or not. Each
State must act for heiself, and upon her own
responsibility; and the only thing m the message
of the President which he says cannot he done,
is the only thing that 1 believe can be done by
this Government when a State has withdrawn,
and that is, to declare war. By the Constitution
of the United States the Federal Government hns
the right to declare war. Wc can to-day declare
war against England, or against any of the great
European Powers. Theie is no cause for declar-
ing war; but suppose we declare it : war exists;
letters of marque and reprisal can be issued; their
commerce can be cut up; their towns can be
burned, and their forts bombarded. Who can
prevent it? There is the question. Suppose that
Great Britain and the United States put each a
different construction upon one of their treaties:
the right or the wrong does not alter the fact.
The United States Government can this day
revoke the ratification of any treaty between hor
and Great Britain. If she does revoke the ratifi-
cation of that treaty, that treaty ceases to be bind-
ing between the United States and Great Britain,
and every citizen ot the United States is released
from any obligation to obey any single stipula-
tion or article m that treaty. If we, without
cans.*, were to-day to revoke a treaty between
this country and England, or any other Powci,
there is no couit in England, or any other Power
with whom we hud revoked that treaty, that
would not hold at oncc that every citizen of the
United Slates was released from any obligation
to obev. Why? The treaty became binding
between the two countries because the political
power of each country had ratified it and made it
binding between them. It became binding upon
every citizen because it was binding between the
two people. When the treaty is revoked, then
it ceases, of coursc, to be binding between the
two people. It censes to be binding upon the in-
dividual citizens of each country.
Now, then, the treaty being revoked, what is
the remedy > If it is done in bad faith; if it is
done without sufficient cause, the only certain
result will be political infamy. The nation that
breaks its treaties without cause is disgraced in
the eyes of civilized man. War may result; but
the treaty neveithelcss would be dissolved, and
the citizens released from all obligation to obey
it. When, then, one of these States revokes the
treaty, as it is called in our platform—bccause
the second Kentucky resolution says that it is a
compact under the style and title of a Constitu-
tion for the United States, to which each State
acceded as a State, and a compact between na-
tions is a treaty—if, then, one of these Stales
shall revoke that ticaty, resume all the powers
which she had delegated to the Federal Govern-
ment, and vefc-t them in her own State government,
that very instant, I say, the State is, by opera-
tion of law, out of the Union; her citizens cease
to owe obedience to the laws of the United States;
and she is, to all intents and puiposes, a foreign
Power. This Government can declare war if it
sees tit, because it has the war-making power.
The question, then, arises, should itdeel ire war?
The answer must be found iimhe breast of each
man who is authorized to adJnimster the powers
of this Government.
1 say, then, a State has a right, with or with-
out cause, to withdraw; that this Government
can, with or without cause, declare war. I say,
when a State has withdrawn she is out of the
Union, and her citizens cease to owe obedience to
the laws of this Government; and when thisGov-
ernmenthasdecluied war, with or without reason,
that war exist.1-:, and ail citizens found fighting
under the banner of the State to which they owe
their allegiance must be treated as prisoners of
war, if taken in battle; those who are found in
the ranks of the enemy will be treated as traitors,
and executed by tins authorities of the States which
they have trmtnnmsly taken up arms against.
These are my \iews upon tiie subject, and as
the President has been vague, as he has expressed
opinions upon both sides, I felt it necessary to
say thus much upon that subject.
The Senator from Georgia, in speaking of the
States that were going to resume the powers
which had been delegated, alluded to my own
State. I have no apprehension, sir, that the dag-
ger of a Brutus will relieve, us from what he regards
as an incubus upon that State. I think that that
people are not in the habit of committing acts of
assassination. When they shed blood,it is in a fair
fight. It may be that those people will be driven
to revolution. It maybe that if their Legislature
is not called, they will meet in primary assembly,
and of their own accord appoint delegates to a
convention; and when they have done that, it
will be for States which they offer to confederate
with to decide whether they have a de facto gov-
| crnment or not. A government de jure cannotbe
! so formed, I know. But that violence will be
; offered to any individual, I do not believe; nor
I do I believe that the Governor of that State will
long peisist in refusing to allow the people them-
selves to be heard, and to declare whether they
desire to remain longer confederated with aboli-
tion States.
Now, this matter of war has been talked of this
morning. I have no threats to make. The fact
is, like Senipronius, my thoughts are tinned on
peace. I do not think one of these cotton States,
or even one of the tobacco States, withdrawing
from this Union will be any cause of war. If it
is, or is not, this Government can declare war;
and I judge that the gentlemen upon the other
side of the Chamber hardly suppose that we will
be stopped in our coutse by any apprehension
that war will be the result. I think not. Surely
we do not expect to make war on them. We in-
tend to assert only that great principle which is
set forth in a document for which they have such
high admiration—T mean the Declaration of Inde-
pendence—that every people have a right to live
under such form of government as suits them. If
this Government docs not suit us, we will leave
it. When we leave it, we will not leave it as reb-
els, nor as traitors, nor irregularly. Bat the State
governments will call conventions;the people will
be heaid; thoy will vole; and unless a huge ma-
jority of the people of each one of these States are
in favor of resuming the powers, thoy will not be
resumed. When a large number of the peopleof
any one of these States shall conclude that they
will live more happily or more prosperously under
another government, they will assert that right
by reforming their constitution, and eroding an-
other Government upon the ruins of the one winch
they have destroyed.
I regretted much to see in the message the doc-
trine set forth that a State had not the right, con-
stitutionally, to secede, and the further error fallen
into by the President, that this doctrine was one
of late origin. 1 hold in my hand, sir, Elliot's
Debates, in which the ratifications of the differ-
ent States are printed; and it seems that when
New York came to ratify the Constitution—there
beins; very great doubt as to the expediency of
forming a confederation such as was proposed by
this Constitution, and there being bitter hostility
on the part of many, there being many doubts as
to how the new Government would operate—the
people of New York, bv their deputies assembled
in convention, in the very articles of ratification,
declared explicitly, in these words:
" That tlie powers of Goveuimont may be rea?sume<l by
the people, whensoever it ^hali becnmc neee-sary to their
happmc-s; that e\ erv power. jurh-dietion, and right, winch
j* not by the taul "Constitution eleariv delegated to the
Conines" ot the ('mied Suite.-, or the depaumeut* of the
Government thereof, iemums to the people of the several
fcriatr1-?. or to thei< re p"ctive State <rovei ments, to whom
thev may nave wanted the same; and that tho<e clause*
in the Paul Con-umuon, which declare thatOousress shall
not have or e\e.ci>e ceuam powe.js, do not imply that
Conine^ is entitled to any powers not given by the t-aid
Constitution : but such clause- <no to be construed either
exception.; to em.un >peeniod power?, or as inserted
meielv foi greatei caution."—Elliot's Debates on Fcdeial
Constitution, L761. vol. i. p. eGl«
Now, I ask any Senator upon either side of
this floor what is the plain rule of construing con-
tracts ? If a partnership is about to be entered
into by individuals, and they refer it to an attor-
ney, who is to draw up the articles of agreement,
and when they come to sign it, and nfter^ it has
been signed bv sonic, on" of the parties inserts
above Ins Signature an additional qualification, is
there a court of justice in a civilized nation that
will not hold that that new stipulation is as much
a part of the compact as if it had been inserted in
the body of it ? Does it hot inure to the benefit
of the party who has inserted it? Is it hot part
of the compact which has signed? "Does it not
inure to the benefit of every other party who has
signed that compact? It is a plain principle b?
law. Then j when this Constitution was draughted
by the convention, the delegates or deputies to
which were appointed by the different States, and
they sent it to be ratified by the conventions of
the different States to become binding betweetf
those States, the convention of New York, before
they would ratify it, in the very articles t>f ratifi-
cation declared explicitly and expressly that they
reserved to themselves the right to reassume the
powers therein delegated whenever it should be
necessary to their happiness. Then I say that-,
according to the law of nations, each one of these
States has a right to secede, and the right would
be a perfect one without any reservation, either in
the ratifications or in the Constitution itself. But
I go further: I say that though this right was com-
plete and perfect in itself, yet when New York
came to ratify she made that explicit abdut which
a quibble might have been raised between law-
yers; and that New York having -reserved to
herself the right to reassume the powers therein
delegated whenever it became necessary to her
happiness, that became a perfect constitutional
right on the part of New York, and it became
also a perfect constitutional right on the part of
every other State which, either previously or
subsequently to that time,became a party to the
compact.
Now, entertaining the views that I do, it is not
at all necessary for me to go into any explanation
as to why it is that the State of Texas intends to
dissolve her connection with the other States. I
heard this morning a letter read which was writ-
ten by one of the northwestern Senators—1 do not
know which—wherein he talked about having
bought us and owning us. Well, sir, when we
get out of the Union, I suppose that the guaran-
tee clause for the delivery of those to whom other
persons have claim will hardly apply; but if that
Senator should suppose that it does, I trust that.
ho will come to claim those who have escaped
from service and labor on behalf of those to whom
it is due; I trust that he may be sent down as the
commissioner. This sort of talking can produce
no good. The people of Florida are purchased,
the people of Louisiana are purchased, the people
ofTexas are purchased, and we are not to be per-
mitted to live under such a government as we see
fit! Do they propose to irritate us still more? It
can produce no such effect upon me. I feel that
perfect inexplicable stillness which a man always
does when he feels that he is perfectly secure. It
is only when you insult or wrong a man, and
refuse him satisfaction, that he feels irritation.
When you have offered to give him satisfaction,
the hatred passes from his heart, and he looks to
the time when he is to balance the account and
settleit up. Now, sir, if I doubted as to whether the
people of the State in which I live would submit
to black Republican rule or not, I might feel some
degree of irritation; but knowing, as I do, that, ak
soon as those people can getinto convention—and
the difference of a week or a month is but little—
they will revoke the ratification of the Constitu-
tion, and again assume their position of separate
nationality, and govern themselves by such laws
as they see fit; knowing and feelingthat, 1 am not
at all disturbed by the presence of these Senators
upon the other side, or by any idle vaporings that
they may indulge m. All this will eome about
in good time. State after State will go out of the
Union. When you have a workingmajonty, you
can declare war against us if you see fit; if you
do not, probably a new treaty will be entered into
between the high contracting parties—one of peace
and amity, when we have revoked that of com-
mon defense and general welfare. We choose, at
least so far as I am concerned, to give no reason
for this hi h sovereign act. We arc the judges;
and when we choose to revoke the ratification
of this Constitution, we will do it; and if you
choose to declare war, we shall not object. The
right is perfect on both sides: and each will ex-
ercise its own discretion as to the expediency
of the act.
While I do not intend to go into any recapitu-
lation of the wrongs that we have suffered, ana the
dangers that we are about to incur by submitting
longer to our present condition, I will deny a
