1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
by Mr. FoitNtiY, its Cleik, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 24) to se-
cure homesteads to actual settlers on the public
domain, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was lequested.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
The messagofurtherannouncedthatthe House
had ordered, on the 4th instant, at two o'clock
and forty-one minutes, the printing of the annual
message of the President of the United States and
accompanying documents.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VIChi PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of State, communi-
cating, in obediencc to law, the annual statement
of the contingent expenses of that Department;
which, on motion of Mr. Bigler., was ordered to
lie on the table.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 5,1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, rn. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
'1'he Jou mal of yesterday was read and approved.
NEW MEMBER.
Hon. Edwin R. Reynolds, of New York, elected
to supply the vacancy occasioned by the death of
Hon. Silas M. Burroughs, appeared and took the
usual oath of office to support the Constitution of
the United States.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the annual report of the Secre-
tary of the Tieasury on the state of the finances,
1859-60; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordeied to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted a resolution to
print the usual number of extra copies; which,
under the rules, was referred to the Committee
on Punting.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication fi om the Secretary of the Interior,
transmuting- his annual statement of the expend-
itures of ins Department under the various appro-
priations for contingent expenses, required by the
act of August 26, 1842, to the close of the iiscal
year ending June 30, 1860; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported the following appropriation
bills; which were read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the stale of the Union:
A bill making appropriations for the payment
of in\ ahd and othei pensions of the United States
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1862; and
A biil makingappropilations for the supportof
the Militaiy Academy for the year ending June
30, 1662.
HOMESTEAD BILL. !
Mr. GROW. I believe'the first business this
morning is a vote upon the motion of the gentle-
man fiom Missouri [Mi. Phllps] to lay upon
the table the motion to reconsldei the vote bv
which the bill to secure homest^adv? to actual set-
tlers on the public domain was ivfern d to the
Committee of the Whol<> on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. That is the iir&t business in
order; and upon that motion the yeas and nays
have been ordeied.
Air. MAYNARD. 1 yesterday called for the
reading of the 21st joint uile, predicated upon a
■ question of orderupon the proposition to take up
the homestead bill at this tim«\ 1 ask for its
reading now.
The 21st joint rule was lead, as follows:
Altfi m\ day-j fiom the eommeneemer! <>'"n condor
sub*t'(|us'i11 M'>MOn ul Connie^, alt biiK. iilui.oiw or
lepotiN. \v)u< h oiiiimati'd in either ami wiuoh, at
tile ci(w of tti<' iaM piecedm<r session, iemam< d unde-
term.iu'd m cither : hull 1>~ ie-uim-d a.id .ui'd on
in tin: s-ame iiunnei ;i- li an adiouninnnt had nor taken
place.'*
Mr. MAYNARD. My point of order is, that
the honn-sto.ul bill cannot be tak>-n up in this in-
direct manner for consideration during- the first
six days of the session.
The SPEAKER.. The question has been be-
fore brought to the consideration of the Chair,
and he overrules the point of order. The Chair
considers this a privileged question, and there-
fore entitled to be considered at this time. The
question is on the motion offered by the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] to lay upon
the table the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. We were
proceeding with the reading of the bill yesterday
when we were interrupted by the President's
message. The bill will now be read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understood
that the reading of the bill was waived with the
understanding that it should appear in the Globe
of this morning.
Mr. GROW. Let it be read, as it is not pub-
lished in the Globe.
The bill was then read.
Mr. BRANCH. I would ask the Chair now
to state what the vote is which is to be recon-
sidered. It has been along time since action was
taken upon that bill.
The SPEAKER. At the last session this bill
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and a motion was entered
to reconsider the vote by which it was so referred,
but it was not acted on. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] now calls up that mo-
tion, and the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Phelps] moves to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table. Upon that motion the yeas and
nays have been ordered. .
Mr, PHELPS. If the motion to lay upon the
table shall not prevail, and the motion to recon-
sider shall prevail, will not the first question be
upon the engrossment and third reading of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. PHELPS. Then let us carry the motion
to lay upon the table.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 68, nays 125; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adam*, Thoma? L. Andeison,
William C. AndeifeOn,1 Avery, Bark&dale, Bocock, Bote-
ler, Bouligny, Boyee, Bianch, Bristow, Btown, Burnett,
John B. Clark. Ciopton, Cobb, Reuben Davis, De Jarnctte,
Ediuundson, Etheridge, Garnett, GartreJJ, Gilmer, flaide-
man, J. Morrison Harris, John T. Harris, Ilanon, Haw-
kins, Hill, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones,
Kunkel, Lamar, Landruin, James M. Leach, Leake, Love,
Mallory, Elbert S. Martin, Maynaid, McQueen, Millson,
Laban T. Moore, Nelson, Noell, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor,
Push, Q.uar)es, Reagan, Ruffin, Singleton, Wiiliam Smith,
William N. II. Smith, Stevenson, Junes A. Stewait,
Stokes, Tayloi, Thomas, Underwood, Vance, Webster,
Whitelcy, and Wmslow—68.
NAYS — Mc^rs. Chailes F. Adams, Adrain, Allen,
Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Barret, Beale, Bingham, Blair,
Blake, Biayton, Biigg^, Buffinton, Burch, Burnham, But-
terfipld, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, John Cochrane,
Colfax, Conklmc, Convin, Covode, Cox, James Craig,
Curtis, JohnG. Davis, Delano, Due!!, Dunn, Edgerton, Ed-
waids, Eliot, Ely, Engh&h, Fenton, Ferry, Floience, Fos-
ter, Fouke, Frank, French, Gooch. Grow, Gurley, Hale,
Hall, Ilehmck, Hickman, Hoard, Holman, William IIow-
atd, William A. Howard. Humphrey, Ifutcliins, Irvine,
Junkm. Francis W. KeliogsrAVUhain Kellogg, Kenyon, Kil-
: goie, Killin^er, Larrabec,'DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Logan,
Longneeker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Maclay, Marston, Charles
1 D. Martin, McCiemand, McKcan, McKenty, McKnight,
j Mel'lier^on, Mooihead, Moi nil. Edward Joy Morris, Isaac
i N. Morris, Morse. Nixon. Palmar, Perry, Pettit, Porter,
! Potter, Pottle, tidwm K. Reynolds, Rice, Riggs,Christo-
i phei liobnr-on, James C. llobm&on, Boyee, Sedgwick,
Sherman, koines. Spauldms. Spinner, Stanton, Stevens,
, William Stewatt. Stout.Stsatton, Tappan. Thayer,Tomp-
1 km*, Ti-iin, Tumble, Vallandijham, Yandex er, Yorrue,
: Wade. Walton. Cadw.iladerC.Washburn, Elhhu B.\Va=h-
. hmiie, Niael Washburn, Weils, Windom, Wood, and
, Woodtutf—125.
\ So the House refused to lay the motion to recon-
i sider upon the table.
i During the vote,
| Mr. BURCH said: I voted to lay the motion
! to reconsider upon the table, for the reason that I
' thought the homestead bill was pending upon a
' privileged motion w Inch could be called up at any
other ume; and that, while such was the case,
1 tin I-"* were other important matters which should
; be brought before the Home for its consideration
j, before that bill. Rat, as my reasons may be mis-
! construed,1 will change my \ ote, and voio '* no."
. Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, stated that ho would
ha\o voted in the affirmative, had he been within
! the Hall when his name was called.
!; Mr. RON HAM made a similar statement.
Mr. TUEAKER stated that he was absent
■ ■ when his name was called on account of indispo-
I; sition; that, had he been present, he would have
!l voted in the negative.
The motion recurred upon the motion to recon*
sider the vote by which the bill was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the, state of the
Union, upon which the previous'question bad
been demanded.
The previous question was seconded, and .the
main question ordered to be put. > -
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the s£a,t£
of the Union, it was disagreed to.
Mr. GROW. I do not propose to discuss thia
bill, unless gentlemen of the House desire to d iscuss
it, for it has been discussed here more or less for
the last ten years. I only desire to state the facts
in connection with the position of this bill, and
its provisions, and then I will leave it to the House
if they desire to discuss it; or if not, I shallmove
to put it upon its passage.
At the last session a bill was agreed upon by
a committee of conference between the two
Houses of Congress, called a homestead bill.
That bill the President vetoed. Contained in that
bill was a grant to the States of the Union of all
lands subject to private entry, and undisposed of
for thirty years or more. One point of objection
with the President was as to this grant, he saying
that Congress had no constitutional power to
give away the public lands. I shall not stop to
discuss that question upon this bill, for it con-
tains no such provision; but will only say that
Congress has disposed of, in the shape of gifts to
States, companies, and individuals, over one hun-
dred and eighty million acres of the public lands,
for which it received not one cent. That system
began with the beginning of this Government,
and has been continued down to this hour. So
I pass over that point of the President's veto, be-
cause this bill contains no such grant. I am free
to say that I am not in favor of those grants my-
self. The point whether the Government has or
has not the right to give away the public lands
is not involved in this bill, for we do notpropose
to give them away. The bill requires a payment
of ten dollars for one hundred and sixty acres.
So that point of the President's veto would be ob-
viated, admitting that it were sound doctrine;
though upon that point we might placc General
Jackson against Mr. Buchanan as authority upon
that question; for he thought, in 1832, that it was
time the Government ceased to look to those lands
as a source of revenue, and that they should be set
apart for homesteads.
The other point of his veto, that it reduced the
amount to a nominal sum, might possibly be ap-
plicable to this bill; but I take it for granted that
that cannot control the action of Congress. If
they can say that the price shall be one dollar
and a quarter per acre, they can also say that it
shall be only two cents per acre. This bill pro-
poses to make the land offices self-sustaining, by
providing for such an amount of payments as
shall cover all the expenses of the land-office sys-
tem. The words of the Constitution, " dispose
ofy" have for a long time been construed to be a
most ample grant of power, and as leaving to the
discretion of Congress what disposition should
be made of the public lands. I shall not take up
the time of the House to discuss that point of the
veto.
I move to recommit the bill to the Committee
on Agriculture; and 1 give way to any gentleman
who desires to discuss it.
As no gentleman seems desirous to discuss it,
I withdraw the motion to refer to the Committee
on Agriculture, and call the previous question
upon the engrossment and third reading of the
bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
j main question ordered to be put.
' The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly rpad the third time.
; Mr. GROW. I move the previous question
; on the passage of the bill.
! The previous question was seconded, and the
1 mam question ordered.
| Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, demanded
i the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
; The yeas and nays were ordered. .
! The question was taken; and it was decidedm
' the affirmative—yeas 139, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Aldrieli,
1 Allen, AHey, Asbiey, Babbitt, Barr, Ban-et, Beale,
