16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5.
ham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briggs, Buffinton, Buret), Burn-
ham, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, John
Cochrane, Colfax, Colliding, Corwm, Covodc, Cox, James
Crai , Cuius, John G. Davis Delano, DueIl,Dunn, Edgcr-
ton. Edwaids, Eliot, Ely, English, Fenton, Pcny, Florence,
Foxier, Fouke, Fiauk, French, Gooeh, (iraham, Grow,
Gurlcy, Hale, Jlall, ilaskin, flelmick, Hickman, Hoard,
Holman,William Howard, William A. Howard, Humphrey,
Iiuteinns, Iivmc, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Kilhnger, Larrabce, DeWitt C.
Leach. Lee, Logan, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Ma-
clay, Marston, Chailes D. Martin, McClernand, McKean,
McKenty, McKnight, McPherton, Moorheod, Morrill, Ed-
ward Joy Moras, Isaac N. Moiris, Morse, Niblack, Nixon,
Palmer, Pendleton, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pottle,
Edwin It. Ituynolds, lliggs, Christopher Robinson, James
C. Robinson, Royce, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spauld-
ing, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewait, Stout,
Stratum, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Tram,
Tumble, Vallandiglmin, Vandcvcr, Verree,YVado, Walton,
Cadwatader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Wa&hburnc, Israel
Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Wood-
ruff—132.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Thomas L. Anderson,
William C. Anderson, Aveiv, IUiksdale, Boeock, Bon-
ham, Botelcr, Bouligny, IJoyee, Branch, Uustow, tfiown,
Burnett, John 15. Claik, Clopton, Cobb, Ciawford, Curiy,
Reuben Davis, De Jaruette, Edmundson. Etheridge, Gar-
nett, Gailrell,Gilmei. Hardeman, J. Monison Hams, John
T. Harris, Llatton, IJawknis, Hill, Houston, Hughes, Jack-
son, Jonkms, Jones-, Keitt, ltunkcl, Lamar, Eandnim,
James M. I.each, Leake, Love.Malioiy, Elbeit S. Maitin,
Maynaid, AJeUueen, Miles Millson,* Laban T. Mooie,
Sydenham Mooic, Nelson, Nooll, l'eylon, Phelps, Piyor,
Pugh, (luatles, Keagan, Jtiitliu, Rust, Singleton, William
Smith, William N. 11. Smith. Stevenson, James A. Stew-
art, Stokes,Taylor,Thomas, Underwood, Vance,Webster,
Whiteley, Winslow, and WootUon—76.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. FRANK stated thai he understood his
colleague, Mr. Van Wyck, was detained at home
by the illness of his father.
Mr. GROW. Before making the motion that
I rise lo make, I wish to state, for the informa-
tion of gentlemen who have asked mo, that at the
last session of Congiess a bill passed this House
and was sent to (he Senate, preventing" the sale
of public lands for ten years after they are sur-
veyed. 1 make this statement because gentlemen
have asked me whether this biil lias anything to
do with that subject.
I now move to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was [massed; and also move to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken on the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, when the House
adjourned last June they were considering the
post route bill, which had come back iroin the
Senate with sundry amendments. That bill is
now upon the iSpeakei'a table. As the Commit-
tee on the Post OiEee and Post Roads meets to-
morrow, 1 ask that the bill may be taken up and
referred to that committee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object, if an ob-
jection will uva.i. We are going on fast enough
undei tin- regular order.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 will state to the gentleman
that 1 had intended to accompany my request
with a notification to the House. We passed the
post loute bill early last session, and sent it to
the Senate. That body kept it back until the last
day of the session, and then returned it with sun-
dry amendments. Theie was a large majority m
fa\or of considering the bill in the House, but
not a two-thirds vote. As the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads meets to-morrow, I
suppose it would be proper to refer it to that
committee. It will have ultimately to go before
the committee; and 1 was going to ask those
members, who have petitions for the establish-
ment of new post routes in their districts, to hand
them in to the committee as soon as possible, as
we wish to get the bill out of the way as early as
practicable, and not leave it to the last of the
session. ^
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman
if we have not more mail routes now than we can
pay for? I ask the gentleman if the Treasury is
not empty? 1 ask him if the necessary obligations
of the Government are not unredeemed ? And I
ask it tin re is any reason in the world, in the
face of these tacts, why we should be hurrying
oil to impose additional expenses on the Govern-
ment?
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer the gentleman
from Virginia. That may be an appropriate ar-
gument for voting against the bill when it comes
before the House for action. But we draw out-
pay out of the Treasury, notwithstanding the
financial embarrassments of the Government.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. We do not get all
of it by a great deal. I am not disposed to facil-
itate the incurring of additional expenses.
Mr. COLFAX. Let me state one thing fur- 1
ther. Among the amendments of the Senate are
some reforms in regard to charges for carrying
the mails upon railroads, that the Department
would like to have considered, so that they may
know what action Congress intends to take in
reference to reducing the amount paid to railroad
companies foi carrying the mails. The Postmas-
ter General is anxious to know the disposition of
Congress, and he states in his report that he has
delayed action in regard to contracts with railroad
companies until he can learn the intention of Con-
gress.
The SPEAKER. Is the objection insisted on?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes. sir; I think
we had better go on according to order.
ORDER OF BUSINESS. %
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I ask that the House
proceed, under the 130th rule, to call the States
and Territories for bills and resolutions for refer-
ence only.
The SPEAKER. The first thing in order is
the call of the committees for reports.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 presume there are no
committees ready to report, and I suppose it is
hardly worth while to call them.
The SPEAKER. Then the States will be
called for bills and resolutions.
Mr. KUNKEL. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the regular order of
business.
Mr. KUNKEL. It cannot be done unless by
unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. The regular order of busi-
ness under the rules is the call of committees for
reports, and the next business in order is the call
of the States.
Mr. KUNKEL. I suppose the committees
can be called for reports.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it would
bo regular, if there are no reports from commit-
tees, to call the States for bills and resolutions.
Does the Chair understand the gentleman from
Maryland to object to calling the States ?
Mr. KUNKEL. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States will
be the regular order, if there are no reports from
committees.
Mr. RUST. How are we to know there are
no reports from committees cxcept by calling
them?
The SPEAKER. Are there any reports that
any committee desires to make to the House? If
theic are none, bills and resolutions are now in
order from the State of Maine.
Mr. NIBLACK. I make the point of order,
that the committees must be called by name in
their order, to ascertain the fact whether or not
there are any reports to be made. A general call
of this sort is not in compliance with the rule.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Indi-
ana insists on it, the Chair is of opinion that he
is entitled to have the committees called in their
order.
Mr. NIBLACK. I do insist on it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I interpose a privi-
leged question. I move that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of considering
the Military Academy and pension appropriation
bills; and I move that they be made the special
order. I hope the House will consent to pass
those two formal bills to-day.
The question was taken on the motion to make
the bills the special order, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and being put, said motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, in the
chair.)
REFERENCE OF THE PRESIDENTS MESSAGE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the usual resolu-
tions to refer the President's annual message to
the appropriate committees.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
1. Resolved, That so much ot the annual message of tho
President of the United States; to the two IloUi-es or' Con-
gress at the present t-e-r ion as ielat<s to oui loicign affairs,
together with the accompany mg eoiiespondeiK-e and docu-
ments ; the claims oi nm citizens against the Covcnment"
of Spam, Costa Kiea, and Nicaragua; the AmMad claim ;
the acquisition oiCuba; the question of the advei&e
claims of Gieat ihnain and this Government under tieaty
of June 19. 1846, to the island of San Juan ; and the ques-
tions between Gieat Bwtain and this Government aiismg
under the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, in regaul to the right of
visit and scaich; and the subject of nuhtaiy e.\peditiom
agambt tucndly States, be leterrcd to the Committee en
Foreign Aflaus.
2. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying document^ as relates to the finances; to the id-
ceipts into tiie Tieasmy, and public expenditures; to eco-
nomical provisions for the administration ot the Govern-
ment; to provi-ion lor a icvcnuc by duties on imports ; to
the present want.-, and condition of the Trea&uiy, be re-
lened to the Committee of Ways and Means.
3. Resolved, That so much ot said message and accom-
panying document? as iclates to tho laws of the I nited
£uucs against the African slave trade ; to the passage of a
law appointing some day previous to the 4th oi Maich in
each year of odd numbei for the election of Representa-
tives thiotighout all the States ; to the power to enter Mex-
ico with a military foice m order to pioteet citizens and
tieaty lights of the United States; and to seivices of At-
torney Geneial, be leferied to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
4. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Ai my of the United
State-, and to the Department of Wai, be lefencd to the
Committee on Military Affans.
5. Resolved, That bo much of said message and accom-
panying documents as iclates to the Navy of the United
States; to protection of persons and property of citizens
of the United States, on the transit routes acio^s the isth-
mus ; to protecting oui meiehant vessels, then ciews, and
eaigoes, against violent and lawless seizure and confisca-
tion in the ports of Mexico and the South Ameiican Re-
publics when in a disturbed and levolutionary state ; and
to the Navy J)epaitrnent, he lefoircd to the Committee on
Naval Allans.
G. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents a.s rofeis to the District of Columbia,
bo K'feired to the Committee for the Distuet of Columbia.
7. Resolved, That so much of sa.d message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Post Office Depait-
incnt, its cxpen&es, condition, and operation, and to com-
pensation to Cornelius Vanderbilt. be reteired to the
Committee on the Post Office and Tost Roads.
  Resolved, That so much of said message and aecom-
panvius documents as iclates to Utah, Kan-as and other
teuHory of the United States, to the destitution of tin1 in-
habitants of Kansas, be reteired to the Committee on Ter-
1U011CS.
9 Resolved, That t-o much or =aid message and accom-
panying documents as relates to our inteicour-e with the
Indian'tribes, be reiened to the Committee on Indian
Attain.
]0 Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as iclates to the public domain, be le-
ietied to the Committee on Public Lands
11 Resolved, That s o much oi said mo^ng? and accom-
pany n«g documents as refers to the consti notion ut a Pacific
llailioad, be icteiied to the special committee on that sub-
ject.
12. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as iclates to cxpendituics in connec-
tion with the State Department, be rei'eited to the Com-
mittee on Expendituies in the State Dcpaitment
13. Resolved, That so much of said me-.-age and accom-
pany mg documents as ielates to oxp'Midmucs in connec-
tion with tho TiCcumy Dcpaitmcni, i o icic.ied to the
Committee on Expei,dilutes r.i the Ti<-a-ury Dep-utment.
14. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
pany mg documents as telatcs to cxpendituies in eoon< c-
tion with tho Wai Department, bo re'r ir« d to the Commit-
tee on Expenditures in the War Dcpaitment.
lf>. Resohed, That :-o much of said menage and accom-
panying documents as iclates. to expenditures in connec-
tion with the Navy Department, lie icieiied to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the Navv Depai tmcnt.
It). Retailed, That so niuchot said ine-sage .md accom-
pany ing documents as jchite-'lo expendanies in connec-
tion with the Po-i Office Dcpciitmcnt, be :e*''ued to the
Committee on Expeiuhtuies m the Post Otfice LVpa.t-
ment.
17 Resolved, That «-o much ofsa'd nv^aiea'td accom-
panying documents as teiate-. lo e.\ji.'n<iitun^ in conm-e-
tion with the Dcpaitment ot the int.; .01. to tt1-; ej.ncinu-
tmes generally, and to a icrienchmcri ot tn>- -am . I; j le-
feried'to the Committee on Public E\pendiiuif>.
The resolutions were laid aside, to ue reported
to the House with a recommendation that they
be agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY DILL.
The committee then proceeded to the consider-
ation of the special order, being a bill (II. It. So,
8G2) making appropriations lor the suppoit of
the Military Academy for the year ending J une
30, 1862.
By unanimous consent, the first roadn^jr the
bill v/as dispensed with; and it w.ns then read
through by clauses, for amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the bi'! he laid
aside, to be reported to the House, and that we
now take up the pension bill.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection#
it will be so ordered.
