1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
under consideration certain resolutions in relation
to the reference of the President's message, and
had directed him to report the same to the House,
with a recommendation that they do pass; also,
that it had had under consideration the pension
bill and the Military Academy bill, and had di-
rected hitt) to report the same to the House, with
a recommendation that they do severally pass.
The question being first upon the adoption of
the resolutions, it was pat, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the President's message was referred ac-
cordingly.
The bill (H. R. No. 862) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1862, was
then ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
The bill (H. R. No. 861) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending the
30th June, 1862, was next ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the sev-
eral votes by which the resolutionsand bills were
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at one o'clock and fifty minutes,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 6, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
Hon. J. P. Bentjami.\t, of Louisiana, appeared
in his seat.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MEMORIALS.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 beg leave to present the
memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco, praying for the establishment of a
• daily overland mail, and for the carrying of the
United States mail thereon entirely. I ask that
it be referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no such
committee at present. The memorial will lie on
the table, if there be no objection, until the com-
mittees are appointed.
ADJOURNMENT TO M0NDA.Y.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered. That wium the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
THE STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. POWELL. In pursuance of the notice
I gave yesteiday to the Senate, 1 desire to intro-
duce the following resolution:
Resolved, That &o much of ihe President's message as
relates to the prudent agitated and distracted condition of
the counlty, and the gnev.mccs between the slaveholding
and the nou-slaveholding States, bu referred to a special
comumtee ot'timlern membeis ; and that said committee
be m-^tiurted to inquire whethei any additional legislation
within the s-pheie ot Federal authority be necessary foi
the protection and security of property in the States and
Teirltouco ot the United States; and it so, that they ro-
poit b> bill. And that said committee be also instructed,
to eon^idt'i and report upon the expediency ot proposing
suel) an amendment ot amendments to the Constitution ot
the Unitfcd States a* maybe neee-«;tiy to give oeitaui,
prompt, and lull protection to the rights, of piopeity of the
citizen* ot every State and Teiritory ot the United States,
and insure the equality ot the States, and the equal lights ot
all the citizens aioresaid, under the Fedeial Constitution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kentucky ask for the present consideration
of the resolution ?
Mr. POWELL. No, sir; let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
Mr. B1GLER, (after a pause.) As there
seems to be no business before the Senate, I
move that the Senate d<5 now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 6,-1860.
The House met at twelve*o'clock, m. Prayer
oy the Chaplain. Thomas H. Stockton. .
The Journal o|jyeste rday was read and approved.
executive ^communications.
The SPEAKJU?,'t>y unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication submitting to
Congress, in obedience to the twentieth section of
the act entitled "An act legalizing and making
appropriations for such necessary objects as have
usually been included in the general appropria-
tion bills without authority of law, and to fix and
provide for certain incidental expenses of the
Departments and officers of the Government, and
for other purposes," approved the 26fh of Au-
gust, 1842, and the act making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
mentforthe year 1836, (section two,) the following
statements; which were laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed:
A statement showing the manner in which the
fund for the contingent expenses of the Depart-
ment of State has been expended, so far as the
disbursements have been made by the disbursing
clerk of the Department, during the fiscal year
ending on the 30th June, 1860;
A statement of the balance of the same appro-
priation remaining in the Treasury on the 30th
June, 1860, and in the hands of the disbursing
clerk;
A precise and analytical statcmentof all moneys
disbursed by the disbursing clerk of the Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending on the 30th of
June,1860;
A statement of disbursements from the fund for
the contingentexpensesof foreign intercourse for
the year ending on the 30th November, 1860;
A statement of the contingent expenses of for-
eign intercourse from the 1st of December, 1859,
to the 30th of November, 1860, other than those
paid by the agent of the Department of State, as
stated by the Fifth Auditor;
A statement of the contingent expenses of all
the missions abroad during the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1860, as stated by the Fifth Auditor;
and
A statement of the contingent expenses of the
Department of State during the fiscal yearending
30th June, 1860, other than those paid by the dis-
bursing clerk of the Department,as stated by the
Fifth Auditor.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting a report of a special agent, Mr.
Pritchette; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin. The com-
munication just presented is a report of a special
agent sent out to Wisconsin to investigate certain
Indian frauds. At the last session, an order was
made for the publication of the report whenever
it should comc in; and also for the publication of
the report of the attorney who was employed by
the Indians. I ask that this latter report may be
printed with the report of the Secretary.
No objection being made, an order to that effect
was accordingly entered.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, in
answer to a resolution of the 16th of April, 1860,
relative to removing obstructions in the mouth of
the Mississippi river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
PRINTING OP PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE, ETC.
Mr. MAYNARD. It has been usual at each
session to print the President's message and the
reports of the heads of the Departments in pam-
phlet form for the convenience of members. I be-
lieve that order has not been made at the present
session. I move now that one copy be printed
in that form for each jnernber.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be referred,
under the rule, to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. PHELPS. We do not require a report
from the Committee on Printing. This is merely
a proposition to print the President's message and
the reports of the heads of the various Depart-
ments in pamphlet form, for our convenience,
one copy for each member.
Mr. SHERMAN. This matter is not usually
referred to the Committee on Printing. It is only
propositions for extra copies that are referred to
that committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. It ought to be done
promptly.
Mr. PHELPS. This is not a proposition to .
print extra copies.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
these are extra copies. The regularnumher has
already been ordered ro be printed, and, as the
Chair understands the gentleman from Tennes-
see, he desires the printing of extra copies; ' '
Mi\41VM.YNARD. No, sir; not e?ctra copies,
but on jyfone copy for each member of the mes-
sage ana reports of the heads of the Departme0ts,
printed in pamphlet form.
Mr, SPINNER. They are published, as &
matter of course, and go to the document-room,
where each member can get a copy.
Mr. MAYNARD. Not as a matter of course,
Mr. SPINNER. Yes, sir; as a matter of^
course.
Mr. MAYNARD. At the commencement of
the Thirty-Fifth Congress a similar motion was
made by Governor Banks, of Massachusetts, then
a member of the House; but no such motion was
made at the last session, and I was unable to get
a copy. I hope there will be no objection tomy
motion.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, it
will be considered as the order of the Honse.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not know who has got
authority to make such an order. I do not think;
it has been usual to make it heretofore. 1 do not
remember any such motion, having been made in
this House.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. BURNETT. As was remarked by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Spinner,] each
member is entitled to a copy of these documents.
The SPEAKER. Is any objection made to
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee?
Mr. BURNETT. Certainly; I have been
making objection all the time..
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
motion cannot be received;
PERPETUITY OF THE UNION.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The House'Will
remember that on Tuesday I endeavored to intro-
duce a resolution in reference to the perpetuity of
the Union. Since that effort was made, I have
been called on by various members to present the
resolution again; and I now give notice to the
House, that all members may have an opportu-
nity of voting on it, that on Monday next I shall
again offer that resolution, and move for a sus-
pension of the rules.
• THE PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask leave to have
printed an amendment, in the nature of a substi-
tute, which I shall propose to the Pacific railroad
bill when it comes up for consideration.
Leave wasgranted fortheprintingof theamend-
mcnt.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
• THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker, at
the last session I reported back from the select
committee on the franking privilege Senate bill
(No. 35) to abolish the franking privilege, resefv-
ing the right of filing a written report and propos-
ing amendments. I now ask leave to present
from that select committee a report in writing,
and amendments to the Senate bill. An order to
print the reportand amendments was made at the
last session.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Is the bill in-
cluded in the order to print?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir; the bill will be
printed as well as the report and amendments.
NEWSPAPERS FOR MEMBERS.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I ask leave
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House furnish the mem-
bers of the present Congiess the same number of daily
newspapers furnished the last Congress, and on the same
terms.
Mr. BURNETT. That resolution is not a
privileged resolution, and it can only come in by
general consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposesthe res-
olution is quite unnecessary. The order made at
the commencement of the last session applied to
the whole Congress.
