1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Carolina docs not desire to do anything thjit is
wrong, nor can he wish to go upon the record
before the country as arguing a question of which
he is profoundly ignorant. Let me state the
facts, so that the gentleman may be enabled to
act rightly.
Mr. BRANCH. I shall be glad to receive
from tha gentleman whatever information he may
have.
Mr. COBB. This bill, sir, declares that the
land shall bring double the price it was held at at
the time these railroad grants were made. Under
it, the reserved sections will sell for twice what
they would have brought at the time the grants
were passed, and what they would bring now if
those grants had not been made. That is the
provision-of this bill; it is what I desire, and all
I propose for the action of the House. For in-
stance: if the land were worth §1 25 per acre at_
the time of the grant, it shall then be sold at'
$2 50; if at seventy-five cents, at $1 50; and if
at fifty cents, at one dollar. That is all I ask. I
believe that the poor mail now pays enough for
the land he buys from the Government; .and X
am, and shall be, opposed to inflicting any new
burdens upon him. I do not believe that he
should be compelled to pay more than double
what the land was worth at the time of the grant.
Mr. BRANCH. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will ask him to tell me and the House
what construction is placed by the Department
at this time on the word minimum ?
Mr. COBB. Before I* answer, I would ask the
gentleman what construction he himself places
on that word. [Laughter.] With all his other
accomplishments, the gentleman isagood Latin
scholar; and he ought to be able to give a good
opinion. [Laughter.]
Mr. BRANCH. If the gentleman will answer
my question, I will yield to hear him. Other-
wise, I will proceed with my remarks.
Mr. COBB. I think, in my first remarks, I
stated that'll 25 per acre was held to be the min-
imum price; but, sir 
Mr. BRANCH. I can yield no farther.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE I rise to a point
of order. The gentleman from Alabama and the
gentleman from North Carolina are engaged in a
disquisition with respect to themeaning of a Latin
word. I make the point that they are not in order,
because the rules provide that the proceedings of
Congress shall be conducted in the English lan-
guage. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds the point
of order to be well taken. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. BRANCH. I yield with pleasure to the
decision of the Chair.
1 have at least derived one piece of information
from the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,]
who rose to correct the statement that I had made.
That statement was, that the word minimum was
construed by the Department to mean $1 25 per
acre. All these railroad grants were passed with
the knowledge on the part of the members of^this
House that such would be the construction. The
object of this bill, sir, is to reduce that price of
$1 25 to seventy-live cents or fifty cents or twenty-
five cents per acre; or in other words, to apply
to the construction of the word minimum ihc prin-
ciple of the graduation bill, so that the lands re-
served under railroad grants, which were made
under the impression in Congress that they were
to be sold at $2 50 per acre, shall be disposed of
at the prices of seventy-five cents, fifty cents, and
twenty-five cents, as I have already stated.
I now repeat, Mr. Speaker, that 1 rose with no
purpose to discuss the principles of this bill; but
simply to call the attention of the House to the
fact that this is another step taken in advance of
the land policy of this country—that it is a total
departure from the principle upon which the
grants of alternate sections of the public land for
the construction of railroads have heretofore been
justifieU when applications have been pending be-
fore Congress for that purpose. I am opposed
to it.
Mr. RUST. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Alabama, I will propound an inter-
rogatory to the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Though I cannot call to
mind tile facts in this case 
Mr. RUST. I have the floor, I think, by per-
mission of the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr> LOVEJOY. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has not the floor to give away. The gen- j
tleman from North Carolina closed his remarks i
and took his seat, and if the Chair recognizes me, 1
I will proceed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does my colleague still hold
the floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
he does not. If he does not, the Chair recognizes
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. COBB. I have the floor. I yielded it to
the gentleman from North Carolina for an expla-
nation, with the understanding that I should again
have it to call for the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. If my colleague has the floor,
I object to his yielding it any further, as his doing
so seems to have produced a great deal of con-
fusion. If he yields it, I insist it shall be yielded
altogether. I have no objection to this bill being
discussed. All I desire is that the proceedings
shall be conducted regularly and in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the remarks of the gentleman from Alabama
are proper and just. If his colleague claims the
floor he can have it.
Mr. COBB. I take it, then, and call for the
previous question.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the gentleman will allow
me to make an amendment. It is a short one.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. As the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa may have an influence on
my vote, I hope it will be read.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask, also, for the
reading of the bill.
The bill was again read.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Curti  was
read, as follows:
After the words " for entry " insert the words " to actual
setlers only."
The question being upon the motion to lay the
bill upon the table,
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 90, nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.. Charles F. Adams, William U. And.-.r-,
son, Abhraore, Avery, Babbitt, Benin, Bingham, Blair,
Boeock, Bonhain, Boteler, Boyee, Branch, Burnett, But-
terfield, Carter, Conkling, Corwin, -Cox, Crawford, Do
Hughes, Hutch ins, Jones, Keitt. Kunkcl.Landrum, James
M. Leaeh, Leake, Longnecker. Loomis, Lovejoy, Macluy,
Elbert S. Martin, McKean, McPherson, McQueen, Mile?,
Milison, Moirill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Moiris,
Morse, Nelson, Perry. Peyton, Potter, t'ugh, auaries, Rea-
gan, Rice, Riggs, ltoy'ee, Ruflin, Sedgwick, Sherman, Wil-
liam N. II. Smith, Spaulding, Stanton, Stevens, James A.
Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Thomas, Tompkins,Tiain, Trim-
ble, Vance, Walton, Israel Wa>hlmni, Weils, Win-low,
Wood, and Woodiulf— 90.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adram, Aldgch, Allen,
Alley, Thomas L. Andcison, Barksdale, Barr, Barret,
Blake, Bravton, Briggs, ISnstow, ISutKnton, Burch, Buin-
liain, Campbell, Carey, Case, John B. Clark, Ciopton,
Cobb. John Cochrane, Colfax.Covode, Cuiry, Cmtis, II.
Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, Dnell, Dunn,
Ed«ertoii, Elv, English, Floienco, Foster, Fouke, French,
Mallorv, Charles 1). Martin, Maynaid, McClcrnand, Mc-
Kcnty.'McKnight, Montgomeiy, Sydenham Moore, Moor-
head. Niblack. Nixon. Pettit, ['helps, Porter, Pottle, Edwin
F.. Reynolds. Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson.
Rust, Sickles, William Smith, Spinner, Stevenson, Wil-
liam Stewart, Stiatton, Tappan, Thayer, Theakcr. Under-
wood, Vallaudigham. Vandever, Vcriee, Wade, Waldron,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wbiteley, Wilson, Windom,
and Woodson—100.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
the table.
During the call,
Mr. TAPPAN s'tated that Mr. Buri-ingame
was confined to his room by severe indisposition.
Mr. GOOCH stated that Mr. Dawes was de-
tained at home by the severe illness of one of his
children.
Mr. BURCH said: Intending to vote against
the bill if the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Curtis] shall not be adopted, I now
vote against laying the bill upon the table.
[A message in writing, from the President of
the United States, was hero received bythe hands
of Mr. A. J. Glossbremmer, his Private Secre-
' "iVIr. COBB. I withdraw my demand for the
pfvvious question on the ffcssage of the biilj is
order to allow the gentleman from Iowa an op-
portunity to offer his (intendment, ivhich is in
harmony with the spirit of,the bill, and more cer-
tainly confines its operation to actual settlers* As
such was the intention of the bill, I have no,ob-
jection to the amendment.
Mr. ICUNKEL. I object to the withdrawal
of the previous question. [Cries of" Too late !"]
After the House has commenced to vote, it dan-
not be withdrawn. . :
Mr. COBB. If that objection is a good one, I
can offer the amendment myself.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope it will not be objected
to. /
Mr. PHELPS. I call for the reading of fee
amendment.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. COBB. That is right.
Mr. PHELPS. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Iowa that he should modify his amend-
ment, so that it shall read " to actual settlers; or
for the use and benefit of the adjoining farms
owned or occupied by actual Settlers." .
Mr. CURTIS. I have no objection to that.
Mr. GROW. That would allow two of thiese
quarter sections to be taken. I am opposed to
that, and am in favor of the first amendment.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa, and I call the
previous question upon it:
Mr. GROW. How does the amendment
stand ?
The SPEAKER. As originally proposed by
the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. GROW. That is right.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the amendment wa^ adopted.
The substitute, as amended, was then adopted
The bill, as amended, was then ordered ttf be
engrossed and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 137, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Admin, Aldrleh,
Alien, Alley. Thomas h■ Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt,'
Bark-dale, Barr, Barret, Bcale, Bingham, Blair, Blake,
C'urus, .Toli.i G. Davis, Delano, Duell, Ed'ierton, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Engh=b, Fentnn, Ferry, Florence, Foster,
Fouke, Funk, French; Gaurell, Goocli, Graham, Grow,
Il.iie, Hall, Ua*kin, Helmiek, Hoard, lloltnan, Him ton,
William Ilowaid, William A. Howard,Humphrey,Hutoh-
ins, Irvine, Jinikin, William Kellogg, Iieuyon, Kilgore,
Larrabcc, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Logan, Loomis, Love,
Lovejov, Mallmy, M.uston, Charles D.Martin, McCler-
nanci, MeKean, MeKenty, MeKnight, Mcl'herson, Mont-
gomery, Sydenham Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward
Joy Morris, Isaac 8. Moiris, Mor>e, Niblaek, Nixon, Pal-
mer, Pendleton, Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Porter, Potter, Pot-
tie, Cdwin It. Reynolds, John 1!. Reynolds, Uiee, Christoi-
pher-Robinson, James C. Robinson, Royee, lUr-t, Sedg-
wick, Sherman, Sickle--, Spaulding, Spinner, Stantun,
William Stewart, Stratton, Tappair, Thayer, Theakerj
Tompkins, Train', Trimble, Underwood, Vallantfigham,
Vandever, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader
V. Washburn, Weils, Wilson, Windom, Wood, Woodruff,
and Wood.-on—137.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, William C. Anderson;
Ashmorc, Avery, llocock, llonli.un, Boteler, Boyee,
llraneh, Bristow, Brown, Burnett, Crawford, De Jamette,
Etheridge, Garnctt. Gilmer, Hardeman, John T. Harris,
Hatton, Hawkins, Uughes, Jenkins Jones, Keitt, Kunkel,
Lnndruu>, James M. Leach. Leake, Longneeker, Maelay,
lUbert S. Martin, Mayuard, McQueen, Miles, Milison,
Xolson, Peyton, Piyor, Ciuailes, Reagan, Riggs, Ruffiti,
William Smith. William N. II. Smith.Stevens,Stevenson,
James A. Stewart,Stokes, Stout,Taylor,Thomas, Vance,
Israel Washburn, Webster, Whiteley, and Wtnsiow—57.
So the bill was passed.
During the call,
Mr. KELLOGG, of.Illinois, stated that Mr.
Farnsworth was detained at home by pressing
business,and that he had arranged apairforhim
with Mr. Steivabt, of Maryland, for ten days.
Mr, COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was" agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Georgia that the title of the .
bill should be amended. . . •
Mr. COBB. Let it stand as it was in the ori-
ginal bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair think? the gen-
tieman will see start ft sflagkt wfc :#aeis<i«k
