22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
Mr. COBB. Then I move to amend the title
by adding the words, " and for other purposes,"
so that it shall read, " An act to construe the words
' mininum price of public lands, and for other
purposes.'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks leave to
present to the House a message from the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw my motion.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION^
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Pres-
ident of the United States, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives of the 9th
of April last, requesting information concerning
the African slave trade, transmitting a report
from the Secretary of State, and the documents
by which it was accompanied; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. VAND EVER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands to report a bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. I did not withdraw the
motion to adjourn for that purpose. I insist upon
my motion to adjourn.
Mr. VANDEVER. I give way to the motion
to adjourn, as I shall have an opportunity to re-
port when the call of committees is resumed.
SELECT COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to withdraw his
motion to adjourn, to enable the Speaker to an-
nounce a select committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. Certainly; for that or any-
thing else, when requested by the Chair.
Toe SPEAKER. The Chair is prepared to
announce the select committee of thirty-three,
directed to be appointed by the resolution offered
by the gentleman from Viiginia, [Mr. Boteler;]
and the Chair desires to say that that gentleman's
name is omitted from the chairmanship of that
committee, and from the committee altogether,
only at his own request. The Chair would not
have departed from the usual rule of courtesy had
not such been the gentleman's own desire. The
Chair has endeavored to form the committee
according to his best judgment, deeming it an
important committee; and he announces it at this
time because he thinks immediate action import-
ant.
The committee was then announced, as fol-
lows:
Messis. Corwin ofOhio, Mii.lson of Virginia,
Adams of Massachusetts, Winslow of North
Carolina, Hcmphrey of New York, Boyce of
South Carolina, Campbell ofPennsy Ivan hi, Love
of Georgia, Ferry of Connecticut, Davis of
Maryland, Robinson of Rhode Island, White-
ley of Delaware, Tappan of New Hampshire,
strattonof New Jersey, Bristow of Kentucky,
Morrill of Vermont, Nelson of Tennessee,
Dunn of Indiana, Taylor of Louisiana, Davis
of Mississippi, Kellogg of Illinois, Houston of
Alabama, Morse of Maine, Phelps of Missouri,
Rust of Arkansas, Howard of Michigan, Haw-
kins of Florida, Hamilton of Texas, Wash-
burn of Wisconsin, Curtis of Iowa, Burch of
California, "Windosi of Minnesota, and Stout of
Oregon.
Mr. HAWKINS. Mr. Speaker, I would ask
the permission of the House to be excused from
serving upon this committee, for reasons which
I gave on Tuesday last, and which it is not neces-
sary now to repeat. I have consulted one of the
oldest members of this House as to whether
it is voluntary or not on the part of any member
of the House to serve whfti he is appointed on a
committee. I understand, sir, that it must be an
involuntary act on his part, provided the House
says so; in other words, that every member is ;
compelled by the rules of the House to serve
upon any committee to which he may be ap-
pointed by the Speaker, acting under the orders
of the House, and that if he does not serve that
he subjects himself to something like a rebuke or
a reprimand on the part of the House. I am not
ready, of course, sir, to incur that penalty. As
long as I have the honor to be a member of this
body, I am anxious -to conform to all its rules,
and subject myself to all its discipline, and I
would feel very unwilling to draw upon myself a
rebuke or reprimand which, perhaps, may be in-
tended something in the natuie and liglitof moral
suasion.' I have no idea of calling upon myself
anything like a rebuke. I shall,"therefore, ask
the House, under all the circumstances of the
case, to excuse me.
Even, sir, if I were compelled by the rules of
this House, or its custom, to serve upon that com-
mittee, I would be but a very unimportant mem-
ber; certainly not a very efficient one. I know
that I cannot bring myself to consent to act with
the majority of that committee, and at all events,
if I must serve, I shall be compelled to coincide
with the minority, and we shall have a report of
our own. The idea of getting up this committee
was one of unanimity—a great peacc and Union-
saving measure; and, as Isaid the other day, 1
am opposed to anything of that kind, believing
that the day has gone by, and the time for com-
promise has passed forever.
The SPEAKER. The question is on excusing
the gentleman from Florida.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Speaker, I have
listened with a great deal of regret to the applica-
tion that has been made by my friend from Florida
to be excuscd from service upon this committee.
It has well been intimated here to-day that the
gray shadow of the dark wing of dissolution is
reaching and extending over the House and over
the country; and so deep is the gloom under its
influence that hardly can members be brought to
attend to their ordinary duties. Men's minds have
been devoted for now these weeks past to this one
great absorbing topic of conversation, thatenlists
all minds, commands all judgments, and demands
of every individual, from every section, his best
exertions,his purestemotions,andjustest wisdom.
Sir, it is of importance in this issue that the
Republic should command the exertions and ef-
forts of all her sons; and I believe, sir, that now,
in the midst of a vital crisis, perils impending
and dangers upon us, as has been proclaimed,
there is no good reason why this assemblage
of the representative patriotism of the country
should, of either its prudence or discretion, ex-
cuse my friend from Florida. I believe that even
now, from his State, from its glades and ever-
glades, whcnce the eyes of his constituents are
directed with anxious vigilance upon our pro-
ceedings, could their voice penetrate, n beseech-
ing appeal would be heard that their Represent-
ative should stand forward at this juncture in the
front of the controversy.
I do not, sir, believe that it is indispensable to
the welfare of this country that there should be a
unanimous report from this committee. God
grant, though, that it may be stamped with that
unanimity which patriotism demands! [Ap-
plause in the galleries.] But, sir, if the countiy
is not to bp saved, if there be not an abiding patri-
otism sufficient to command that glorious'result,
it is due to the people of these United States that
the sad knowledge be theirs. It is due to those
benighted regions which in many parts of the
country sleep even now incredulous of danger
that the fact should be sharply impressed upon
their minds, and that 110 longer ignorance may be
pleaded in excuse for acts "which have led us to
the verge of a fearful precipice, and which even
now are toppling us down its dread abyss.
Sir, if there is to be no unanimous report to
save this country from dissolution, to quiet the
pangs of secession, or to avert from ruin and an-
archy, let us at least know now the nature of the
issue. Let us know what demands are made by
one section of the country upon the other; and
let us feel what are the maddening pulsations that
agitate, while they exhaust, the land, and what
the remedy proposed for its •relief. Let us, in
truth, be enabled to answer the inquiries ex-
claimed to us alike from hamlet and from town,
" Watchman, what of the night?" that through
the storm and beyond the madness that pervade
the hour, appears a harbinger of day in yonder
eastern sky, and that in the beams of the coming
morning, by the gleam of its breaking light, may
be seen the stars and the stripes still securely float-
ing from yonder Capitol dome, f Applause in the
galleries.]
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to a question of order.
I ti ust that in consideration of the great importance
of the dclibeialions of this House the Chair will, at
the very commencement, stop applause, whether
on the floor or in the galleries. I give notice that
I shsfll move that the gallaries be cleared, if ap-
plause is renewed. [Hisses,from the galleries.]
They hiss me; and I now move, as a measure of
self-respect, that the galleries be cleared; and that
these disgraceful blackguards, who are violating
the rules of the House and the decorum and re-
spect due to the Representatives of this Confed-
eracy, be expelled from the galleries of the House.
[Renewed hisses from the galleries.]
Mr. LAMAR. I hope my friend from Vir-
ginia will not insist on his motion. It is utterly
impossible to suppress hissing here, for it was
even heard in Eden. [Laughter and applause.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
that order must be observed in the galleries, or
they will be clcared. I have no doubtjhat this
suggestion will be sufficient to the respectable
auditory in the galleries. It is wrong that there
should be any manifestation one way or the other,
and I hope this notice will be sufficient. If not,
I shall feel constrained to order the galleries to be
cleared.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I wish to appeal
to my friend from New York, to let me make a
suggestion. It is that he refrain at the present
time from the discussion of this question.
Several Members. No, no. Let him go on.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Speaker, I
deprccate, with all others, the interruption of
proceedings on this floor by any testimonial from
the gallery or elsewhere,'either of censure or ap-
plause. Yet, sir, an excuse may be found, pos-
sibly, in the gravity of the theme that occupies
us, and in its characteristic qualities of appeal
to the emotions and feelings of all—of every one,
however humble a member of the Republic he
be. But, sir, it is eminenlly proper that order
should be observed, that this question should be
met and discussed with the grave decorum which
its character and nature demand, and that an
American Congress, even though in the pangs of
dissolution, should, when falling, if fall it must,
draw about it its official robes, and expire with
tragic decency before the world.
1, sir, had not intended even to allude to those
great principles and truths that repose at the base
of this question and constitute the argument of its
discussion. It were unwise and improper. But
I appeal to all who hear me, that the allusions
which I have made were necessary to bring be-
fore the intelligence and produce to the heart of
my friend from Florida considerations applicable
to himself and in consonance with his own ele-
vated and patriotic nature—considerations in ac-
cord with his generous constituency; yea, sir,
considerations of a magnitude and as-general and
catholic as is the great and glorious Republic in
which wc live. I appeal to him, therefore, sir,
in the name of our common humanity; I appeal
to him in the hour of peril and in the name of our
common country; I appeal to him by the memo-
ries of the past, by the prosperity and continued
existence of the State sovereignty in which he
glories, to remain on the committee to which he
is presented. If, sir, this appeal be unheard,
should it be vain and ineffectual, I may be per-
mitted further to appeal to the House, represent-
ing that common country whose integrity is
threatened, that, without intentional reflection
upon him, but under the obligation of a great duty
to be performed, it negative the motion that my
friend from Florida be excused.
Mr. HAWKINS. I move the previous ques-
tion on my motion.
The SPEAKER. The question is on second-
ing the previous question.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. HAWKINS. I call the gentleman from
Virginia to order.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman from
Florida slate his point of order.
Mr. HAWKINS. It is, that when the Chair
is propounding a question it is out of order for
the member from Virginia to get up and interrupt
the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Florida that the gentleman
from -Virginia may have risen to a privileged
question; and it is therefore the duty of the Chair
to hear him.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Florida
might have inferred that I rose to make a motion
