26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
borders will be at peace; and the good old times
will return again,such asafew years ago existed
between Missouri an.i Illinois. When a slave
did cscape, v, c found as many friends ready to
assist us in his recapture m Gtuincy as wc would
find on the western bank of the Mississippi. I
want that good time to come back again. Owing
to the state of public sentiment, you cannot do it
now; but give it time to react. In the mean time
exert your forcible power to prevent the escape
of fugitives.
If I believed the present state of the public
sentiment of the North was to bo enduring, was
to be permanent, I would say it is folly to talk
about patching up the Union; but I look forward
to a reaction of that public sentiment. I look for-
ward to the time when truth and propriety and
justice will prevail; when constitutional obliga-
tions will be observed; and I hope, therefore, to
clog the wheels of disunion long enough, to inter-
pose obstacles strong enough, make use of efforts
vigorous enough, to protect us while we are wait-
ing for that reaction to occur.
Merely for the purpose of having in the same
connection the settled views of the enlightened
statesmen of the land to go forward before the
public, I will road a few extracts from distin-
guished writers and jurists on this subject. I do
it, not because they are new to the Senate, but
because I want them to go before the public.
Judge Baldwin, in the case of Johnson vs.
Tompkins, said:
" The foundations of tlio Government aro laid and rest
on the rights of property in slaves, and the whole structure
must fall" by disturbing tlio. comcr-stone."
Edmund Randolph, in the Virginia convention,
said;
" Were it right to mention what passed in convention on
the occasion, 1 might tell you thsu the southern States-
even South Carolina herself— conceived this) property to be
secured by these words."
That is, the clause on the subject of reclaiming
fugitive slaves.
Judge Iredell, in the North Carolina conven-
tion, referring to the fugitive slave clause in the
Constitution, said:
" In some of the noithem States they have emancipated
all of their slaves. If any of oui slaves go there, and re-
main then; a certain ihnc, they would, by the present laws,
be entitled to their freedom, so that then masters could not
get them again. This would be extremely piejudieial to
the inhabitants of the southern Suites ; .aid to prevent it,
this clause is in&ertcd in the Constitution."
Charles Cotcsworth Pinckney, in the South
Cavolitra convention, said:
" We liuve obtained a right to recover our slaves, in
whatever part of Ameilca they may lake refuge, which is
a right wc had not befoie."
Chief Justicc Tilghman, of Pennsylvania, in
tho ease of Wright us. Deacon, said:
" Whatever may bo our opinions on the subjcct of sla-
very, it is well known that our southern brethren would
not have consented to have become parties to a Constitu-
tion, undet which the United States have enjoyed so much
pjo p"riu, unless then property in slaves had boon secured.
Tlih Constitution has been adopted by the tree consent of
Hie citizens of Pemrylvama ; and it is the duty of every
man, whatever may be his ofliec or station, to give itafair
and candid construction.1'
The chief justice citcs the provision in the
second section of the fourth article of the Con-
stitution, and observes:
" Here is-the principle: the fugitiveisto be delivered up
on claim of the master. But it required a law to regulate
the manner in which this principle should be reduced to
practice. It was necessary to establish some mode m
which the claim should be made, and the fugitive be de-
livered up."
The judge then quotes tho enactment on the
subject by "Congress, and concludes the opinion
as follows:
" It plainly appears liom the whole scope and tenor of
tho Constitution and act of Congress, tfiat the fugitive was
to be delivered up on a suminaiy proceeding, without tlio
delay of a formal uial in a court of common law. Cut if lie
iiacf really a right to freedom, that right was not impaired by
tnte psoeeeding. He was placed just in the situation in
which lie stood before ho fled, and might prosecute his
right in the State to which he belonged."
William Rawic, a distinguished jurist of the
State of Pennsylvania, in his Essayon the Con-
stitution of the United States, speaking of fugi-
tives from justice, and fugitives from servitude or
labor, says:
'♦To the two latter descriptions of persons no asylum
can by the Constitution of the United States be affonled.
The States aro considered as a common family, whose har-
mony would be endangered if they were to protect and de-
tain such fugitives when demanded in one case by the
executive authority of the State, or pursued in the other
by the person claiming an interest in their service."
Alexander Hamilton made the following state-
ment to tho New York convention assembled at
Poughkecpsie, in June, 1788, to pass on the new
Constitution submitted to the States by the gen-
eral convention assembled at Philadelphia. It
is extracted from Elliot's Debates, page 212:
" Fn order that the committee may understand clearly
the principles on which the general convention acted, I
think it necessary to explain some preliminary circum-
stances.
" Sir, the natural situation of this country seems to divide
its interest into different classes. Thei e at e navigating and
non-navigating States—the northern are propetly the navi-
gating States; the southern appear to possess neither the
means nor the spirit of navigation. This difference of sit-
uation naturally produces a dissimilarity of intcte ts and
views respecting foreign commerce. It was the inteiest
of the northern States that there should be no restraints on
their navigation, and that they should have fuU power, by
a majority in Congress, to make commercial regulations in
favor of their own, and in restraint of the navigation of
foreigners. The southern States wished to impose a re-
straint on tiie noithcrn, by requiring that two thirds in
Congress should be requisite to pass an act in regulation of
commerce; they were apprehensive that the restraints of
a navigation law would discourage foreigners, and by oblig-
ing them to employ the shipping of tho notthein States,
would probably enhance theirfreight. This bemgthe case,
they insisted strenuously on having this provision engrafted
in the Constitution ; and the northern States were as anx-
ious in opposing it." * * * *
"Much has been said of the impiopriety of representing
men who have no will of their own : whether this be rea-
soning or declamation, I will not presume to say. It is the
unfortunate situation of the southern States to have a great
part of their population, as well as properly, in blacks.
The regulation complained of, was one result of the spuit
of accommodation which governed the convention ; and
without this indulgence, no IJmon could possibly have been
formed. And, sir, considering some peculiar advantages
which we derive, it is entirely just that they should be grat-
ified. Tho southern States possess certain staples—tobacco,
rice, indigo, &c., [and now, above all, cotton,]—which
must now be capital objects in treaties of commeice with
foreign nations; and the advantages which they necessarily
procure in these treaties, will be felt throughout all the
Slates.
" It became necessary, therefore, to compromise, or the
convention would have dissolved without effecting any-
thing. Would it have been wise and piudent in that body,
in this critical situation, to have deserted their country r
No. Every man who heais mo, every wise man m the
United Slates, would have condemned them. The con-
vention were obliged to appoint a committee for accom-
modation Jn tins committee the agreement was toimed
as it now stands, and thcii icpoit was accepted. It was a
delicate point, and it wa« nece^aty that all parties should
be indulged/5
Mr. Justice Story, in book 3, chapter 40 of his
Commentaries on the Constitution of the United
States, considers together the subjcct of fugitive
offenders and fugitive slaves. After quoting the
clause respecting fugitives from service, he says:
" This clause was introduced into the Constitution solely
for the benefit of the slaveholdittg States, to enable them
to reclaim their fugitive slaves who should have escaped
into other States where slavery was not tolerated. The
want of such a provision under the Confederation was felt
as a grievous inconvenience by the blaveholding States,
since in many States no aid whatsoever would be allowed
to the owners, and sometimes, indeed, they met with open
resistance."
And in the next scction he thus expresses him-
self:
"It is obvious that these provisions for the arrest and
removal of fugitives of both classes contemplate summary
ministerial pioceedings. and not the oidmary course of
judicial investigations to ascertain whether the complaint
be well founded, or the claim of ownership be established
beyond all legal controversy. In cases of suspected crimes,
the guilt or innocence of the party ia to be made outat his
trial, and not upon the preliminary inquny whether he
shall be deliveied up. All that would seem m such cases
to be necessary is, that there should be prima facic evi
dence before the executive authority to satisfy its judgment
that there is probable cause to believe the party guilty,
such as upon an ordinary warrant would ju.-tity his com
miunentlor trial. And in thecasesof fugmvoslavesstheic
would seem to be the same necessity .ofiequirms? only prima
facie proofs of ownership without putting the claimant to <i
formal assertion ot his rights by a suit at the common law.
Congress appear to have acted upon this opinion ; and, ac-
cordingly, in the statute upon this subject have authorized
summary pioceedings before a magistrate, upon which he
may grant a watrant for a removal.''
In the case of The Commonwealth vs. Griffin,
Chief Justice Parker, of Massachusetts, holds
this language:
" This brings the case to a single point, whether the stat-
ute of the United State-*, giving power to seize a slave
without a warrant, is constitutional? It 1.3 difficult, m a
case like this, for persons who are not inhabitants of slave-
holding States, to prevent prejudice from having too stioug
an effect on their minds. Wo must leflect. however, that
the Constitution was made with some States in which it
would not occur to the imud to inquire whether slaves
were property. It was a very serious question when they
came to make the Constitution, what should be done with-
tiieir siavet ? They might haVe kept aloof from the Con-
stitution. That instrument wai a compromise. It was a
compact by which all aie bound. We are to consider,
then, what was the intention of the constitution.'' The
words of it were used out of delicacy, so as not to offend
some in the convention who?e feelings were abhorient to
slavery; but we there entered into an agieement that slaves
should be considered as propcity. Slavoiy would still have
continued, if no Constitution had been made.
" The Constitution does not pi escribe the mode of re-
claiming a slave, but leaves it to be deteimined by Con-
gress. Jt is verv clear that it was not intended that appli-
cation should be made to the executive authority of the
State. It is said that the act which Congress has passed
on this subject, is contiary to the amendment of the Con-
stitution seeming the people in their persons acid propeity
against seizures, &c., without a complaint upon oath. But
all the parts of the instrument are to be taken together. It
is very obvious that slaves are not parties to the Constitu-
tion, and the amendment has relation to the parties.
" It is said that when a seizure is made, it should be
made conformable to our law?. This doer, not follow from
the Constitution ; and the act of Congress savs thntthe per-
son to whom the seiviee is due may seize, k.c. Whether
the statute is a harsh one, is not foi us to deteiminc.
" But it is objected, that a person may, in tins summary
manner, seize a ficeman. It may be so; but thin would be
attended with mischievous conscquetices in the person
making the seizuie."
In the case of Jack vs. Martin, Chief Justice
Nelson, of INewYork, now of the Supreme Court
of the United States, indulged in similar reasons.
He said:
"The counsel for the plaintiff in error contends the
mode of making the claim and of delivering up the fugi-
tive is a subject exclusively of State regulation, with
which Congress has no light to interfere; and upon this
view the constitutionality of the law of this State is sought
to be sustained.
" It is material to look into the object of this clause of
the Constitution, the evil to be guarded against, and the
nature and chaiacter of the rights to be piotected and en-
forced, m order to comprehend its meaning, and determine
whatpowers,and to what extent, may benghtfullyclaiined
under it.
" At the adoption of the Constitution, a small minority
of the States had abolished slavery within their limits,
either by positive enactment or judicial adjudication; and
the fcouthein Stales are known to have been more deeply
interested in slave labor than those of the North, where
slavery yet, to some extent, existed ; but where, it must
have been seen, it would probably soon disappear. It was
natinal for that portion ot the Union to fear that the latter
States might, under the influence of this unhappy and ex-
citing subject, be tempted to adopt a course of legislation
that would cmbariass the owneis pursuing their fugitive
slaves, if not discharge them fiom service, and invite es-
cape hv afloulin;? a place of reiuge. They already had
some experience of the peiplexiues in this respect, under
the Confedei.uiou, which contained 110 piovision on this
subject; and the senous and almost insurmountable diffi-
culties that thi< sp -cie^ of pioperty occa-ioned in the con-
vention weic w< II calculated to confirm their stiongest
apprehensions. To this souice must bo attributed, no
doubt, the pio\ ision ot the Constitution, and which directly
meets the evil, by not only pi oh 1 biting the States from enact-
ing any regulation di-charging the slave from scrvice, but by
dneetmg that he shall be delivered up to the owner. It
implies a doubt whether they would, in the exeiciseof un-
restrained powei, icgaul the rights of the owner, or prop-
cily piotect them by loenl legislation.
"The object of the piovision being thus palpable, it
should receive a conduction that will opei ate most effect-
ually to accomplish the end consistent with the terms of it.
This we may reasonably infer will be 111 accoidance with
the intent of the makeis, and will regard with becoming
respect the rights of those especially interested in its exe-
cution. Which power, then, was it intended should bo
chaiged with the duty of presciibing the mode in which
this injunction of the Constitution should be carried into
effect and enforcing its execution, the States orCongiess?
It is vety clear, if left to the former, the great purpose of
the provision might be defeated in spite of the Constitu-
tion. The Stales' might omit any legislation on the subject,
and thereby leave Die owner without any known means
by which to assert his lights; or they might so encumber
and cmbariass tlm prosecution of them, that their legis-
lation on the subject would be tantamount todeniul. That
ah this could not be done or omitted without disregarding
thes-pmt of the Constitution, 1.- true; but the provision
itj-elt is founded upon the assumption that without it the
arknmvlcdaed right-, of the owners would not be observed
or protected ; it wa-jinad^in express terms to guard against
a possible act of injustice by the State authorities. The
idea that the framers of the Constitution intended to leave
the regulation of this subject to the States, when the pro-
vision itself obviously sprang out of their fears of partial
and unjust legislation by the States m icspect toit,cannot
readily be uumitted. It would present an inconsistency of
action, and an unskillfulness in the adoption of means for
the end in view, too remarkable to have been overlooked
by a much less wi.se body of men. They must naturally
have seen and felt that the spmt apprehended to exist in
the States, which made this provision expedient, would
be able to frustrate its object in regulating the mode and
inannei ofeariying it into effect; that the remedy of the
evil and the secmuyof rights would not be complete unless
this power was also vested in the national Government."1
Judge Nelson's opinion was affirmed by the
court of last resort.
Chancelor Walworth, in giving an opinion
upon the same case, said:
"However much, therefore, we may deplore tbe exist-
ence of slavery in any partof'the Union, as a national as well
as a local evil, yet, as the right of the master toieclajm hi«*
fugitive slave is secured to him by the Federal Constitution,
