1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
*
of the evils which beset us? The diagnosis of the
disease must be stated before we are prepared to
prescribe. Is it the fault of our legislation here.?
If so, then it devolves upon us to correct it, and
we have the power. Is it the defect of the Federal
organiza tion, of the fundamental lawof our Union?
I hold that it is not. Our fathers, learning wisdom
from the- experiments of Rome and of Greece—
the one a consolidated Republic, and the other
strictly a Confederacy—and taught by the lessons
of our own experiment under the Confederation,
came together to form a Constitution for " a more
perfect Union," and, in my judgment, made the
best Government which has ever been instituted
by man. It only requires that it should be car-
ried out in the spirit in which it was made; that
the circumstances under which it was made should
continue, and no evil can arise under this Gov-
ernment for which it has not an appropriate rem-
edy. Then itis outside of the Government—else-
whore than to its Constitution,or to its adminis-
tration—that we are to look. Men must not creep
in the dirst of partisan strife, and seek to make
points against opponents as the means of evading
or meeting the issues before us. The fault is
not in the form of the Government, nor does
the evil spring from the manner in which it has
been administered. Where, then, is it? It is that
our fathers formed a Government for a Union of
friendly States; and though under it the people
have been prosperous, beyond comparison with
any other whoso career is recorded in the history
of man, still that Union of friendly States has
changed its character, and sectional hostility has
been substituted for the fraternity in which the
Government was founded.
I do not intend here to enter into a statement
of grievances; I do not intend here to renew
that war of crimination which for years past
has disturbed the country, and in which I have
taken a part perhaps more zealous than use-
ful; but 1 call upon all men who have in their
hearts a love of the Union, and whose service ,is
not merely that of the lip, to look the question
calmly but fully in the face, that they may see
the true cause of our danger, which, from my
examination, I believe to be that a sectional hos-
tility has been substituted for a general frater-
nity, and thus the Government rendered pow-
erless for the ends for which it was instituted.
The hearts of a portion of the people have been
perverted by that hostility, so that the powers
delegated by the compact of union are regarded,
not as means to secure the welfare of all, but as
"instruments for the destruction of a part, the
minority section. How, then, have we to provide
.a remedy? By strengthening this Government?
By instituting physical force to overawe the
States, to coerce the people living under them as
members of sovereign communities to pass under
the yoke of the Fed-ral Government? No, sir;
I would have this Union severed into thirty-three
fragments sooner than have that great evil befall
constitutional liberty and representative govern-
ment. Our Government is an agency of dele-
gat< d and strictly limited powers. Its founders
did not look to its preservation by force; but the
chain they wove to bind these States together
was one of love and mutual good offices. They
.had broken the fetters of despotic power; they
had separated themselves from the mother coun-
try upon the question of community independ-
ence; and their sons wil! be degenerate indeed if,
clinging to the mere name and forms of govern-
ment, they forge and rivet upon their posterity
the fetters which their ancestors broke.
" But it has been said this morning that we should
not discuss the cause of existing evils. Then how
•are we to ascertain the appropriate remedy ? It is
■our duty to discuss the cause, and confront the
danger as men resolved to perform the public
service as best may serve the common good, and
equally resolved not to engage in a scramble of
party strife and crimination, either for party or
personal advantage. It is only by laying bare the
.disease that we are to find a remedy. It is an ulcer.
Cautery, not plasters, must be applied to it.
Then wheieis the remedy? the question may
be asked. In the hearts of the people, is the
ready reply; and therefore it is that I turn to the
■other side of the Chamber, to the majority sec-
tion, to the section in which have been commit-
ted the acts that now threaten the dissolution of
•the .Union. I call on you, the representatives of
that section, here and now to say so, if your people
are not hostile; if they have the fraternity with
which their fathers camc to form this Union; if
they arc prepared to do justice; to abandon their
opposition to the Constitution and the laws of the
United States; to recognize and to maintain and
to defend all the rights and benefits the Union was
designed to promote and to secure. Give us that
declaration, give us that evidence of the will of
your constituency to restore us to our original
position, when mutual kindness was the animating
motive, and then we may hopefully look for reme-
dies which may suffice; not by organizing armies,
not so much by enacting laws, as by repressing
the spirit of hostility and lawlessness, anu seeking
to live up to the obligations of good neighbors,and
friendly States united for the common welfare.
To dwell upon anti-fugitive slave laws is to deal
with the symptom only valuable as itindicates the
disease which demands attention. What though
all the "personal liberty bills" were repealed:
would that secure our rights? Would thatgive us
the Union our fathers made? Would that renew
good offices, or restrain raids and incendiarism,
or prevent schools being founded to prepare mis-
sionaries to go into lands where they are to sow
the seeds of insurrection, and, wearing the livery
of heaven, to serve the Devil by poisoning wells
and burning towns? These are offenses such as
no people can bear; and the remedy for these is
in the patriotism and the affection of the people if
it exists; and if it does not exist, it is far better, in-
stead of attempting to preserve a forced and there-
fo re fruitless Union, that we should peacefully part
and each pursue his separate course. Itis not to
this side of the Chamber that we should look for
propositions; it is not here that we can ask for
remedies. Complaints, with much amplitude of
specification, have gone forth from the members
on this side of the Chamber heretofore. It is not
to be expected that they will be renewed, for the
people have taken the subject into their own
hands. States, in their sovereign capacity, have
now resolved to judge of the infractions of the Fed-
eral compact, and of the mode and measure of
redress. All we can usefully or properly do is
to send to the people thus preparing to act for
themselves, evidence of error, if error there be; to
transmit to them the evidence of kind feeling, if
it actuates the northern section, where they now
believe there is only hostility. If wo arcmistakon
as to your feelings and purposes, give a substan-
tial proof, that here may begin that circle which
hence may spread out and covcr the whole land
with proofs of fraternity, of a reaction in public
sentiment, and the assurance of a future career in
conformity with the principles and purposes of
the Constitution. All else is idle. 1 would not
give the parchment on which the bill would be
written which is to secure our constitutional
rights within the limits of a State where the people
are all opposed to the execution of that law. It
is a truism in free Governments that laws rest
upon public opinion, and fall powerless before its
determined opposition.
The time has passed, sir, when appeals might
profitably be made to sentiment. The time has
come when men must, of necessity, reason, as-
semble facts, and deal with current events. I
may be permitted in this to correct an error into
which one of my friends fell this morning, when
he impressed on us the great value of our Union
as measured by amount of time and money and
blood which were spent to form this Union. It
cost very little time, very little money, and no
blood. It was one of the most peaceful transac-
tions that mark the pages of human history. Our
fathers fought the war of the Revolution to main-
tain the rights asserted in their Declaration of
Independence.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Mississippi
will allow me to say that I spoke of the Govern-
ment, not of the Union. I said time and money
and blood had been required to form the Govern-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. The Government is the ma-
chinery established by the Constitution; iris the
agency created by the Slates when they formed
the Union. Our fathers, I was proceeding to say,
having fought the war of the Revolution, and
achieved their independence, each State for itscit,
each State standing out an integral part, each State
separately recognized by the parent Government
of Great Britain, these States as independent
sovereignties entered into GJonfederate alliance.
After having tried the Confederation and found it
to be a failure, they,, of their own accord-, came
peacefully together, and in a brief period made a
Consti tution, which was referred to eaeh State and
voluntarily ratified by each State whieh entered
theUnion; little time, little money,and no bloods,
being expended to form this Government, "the
machine for making the Union useful and benefi-
cial. Blood, much and precious, was expended
to vindicate and to establish community inder
pendence, and the great American idea thot all
governments rest on the consent of the governed,
and that the people may, at, their will, alter or
abolish their government, however or by whom-
soever instituted.
But our existing Government is not the less
sacred to me because it was not sealed with blood.
I honor it the more because it was the free-will
offering of men who chose to live together. It
rooted in fraternity; and fraternity supported its
trunk and all its branches. Every bud and leaflet
depends entirely on the rmrtu.re.it receives from
fraternity, as the root of the tree. When that
is destroyed, the trunk decays and the branches
wither and the leaves fall; and the shade it was
designed to give has passed away forever. 1
cling not merely to the name and the form, but
to the spirit and purpose of the Union which our
fathers made. It was for domestic tranquillity;
not to organize within one State lawless bands
to commit raids upon another. It was to pro-
vide for the-comrfton defense; not to disband
armies and navies lest they should serve the pro-
tection of one section of the country better than
another. It was to bring the forces of all the
States together to achieve a common object, up-
holding each the other in amity, and united to
repel exterior force. All the custom-house ob-
structions existing between the States were de-
stroyed; the power to regulate commerce trans-
ferred to the General Government. Every bar-
rier to the freest intercourse was swept away.
Under the Confederation it had been secured asa
right to each citizen to have free transit over all
the other States; and under the Union it was de-
signed to make this more perfect. Is it enjoyed?
Is it not denied ? Do we not have mere specula-
tive question of what is property raised in defi-
ance of the clear intent of the Constitution, offend-
ing as well against its letter as its whole spirit?
This must be reformed, or the Government our
fathers instituted is destroyed. I say, then, shall
we cling to the mere forms, or idolize the name
of Union, when its blessings are lost, after its
spirit has fled ? Who would keep a flower which
had lost its beauty and its fragrance,and in their
stead had formed a seed-vessel containing the
deadliest poison? Or, to drop the figure, who-
would consent to remain in alliance with States'
which used the power thus acquired to invade
his tranquillity, to impair his defense, to destroy'
his peace and security? Any community would
be stronger standing m an isolated position, ana
using its revenues to maintain its own physical
force, than if allied with those who would thus
war upon its prosperity and domestic peace; and
reason, pride, self-interest, and the apprehension
of secret, constant danger, would impel to sepa-
ration.
I do not comprehend the policy of a southern-
Senator who would seek to change the wnole form
of our Government, and substitute Federal force
for State obligations and authority. Do we wanta
new Government that is to overturn the old ? Do.
we wish to erect a central Colossus, wielding at
discretion the military arm, and exercising mili-
tary force over the people and the States ? This
is not the Union to which we were invited; and
so carefully was this guarded, that when our
fathers provided for using force to put down in-
surrection, they required that the fact 08 the in-
surrection should be communicated to the author-
ities of the State, before the President couldi
interpose. When it was. proposed to give to
Congress power to execute the laws against a
delinquent State, it was refused on the ground
that that would be making war on the States; aiwi
though I know the good purpose of my hon-
orable friend from Missouri is only to give pro-
tection to constitutional rights, I fear his propo-
sition is to, rear a monster which will break the
feeble chain provided, and destroy Mights it was-
intended to guard. That military Geo-vernment
