THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
■which he is about to institute, bypassing into hos-
tile hands, becomes a weapon for his destruction,
not for his protection. All dangers which we
may be called upon to confront as independent
communities, arelight in my estimation compared
withthat which would hang over us if this Fed-
eral Government had such physical force; if its
character was changed from a representative
agent of States to a central Government, with a
military power to be used at discretion against
the States. To-day it may be the idea that it
will be used against some State which nullifies
the Constitution and the laws; some State which
passes laws to obstruct or repeal Ihe laws of the
United States; some State which, in derogation
of our rights of transit under the Constitution,
passes laws to punish a citizen found there with
property recognized by the Constitution of the
United States, but prohibited by the laws of that
State.
But how long might it be before that same mil-
itary force would be turned against the minority
section which had sought its protection; and that
minority thus become mere sub jugated provinces
under the great military government that it had
thus contributed to establish? The minority, in-
capable of aggression, is, of necessity, always on
the defensive, and often the victim of the deser-
tion of its followers, and the faithlessness of its
allies. It therefore must maintain, not destroy,
barriers.
I do not know that I fully appreciate the
purpose of my friend from Missouri; whether,
when he spoke of establishing military posts
along the borders of the States, and arming the
Federal Government with adequate physical
power to cnforce constitutional rights, (1 suppose
he meant obligations,) lie meant to confer upon
this Federal Government a power which it does
not now possess to coerce a State. If ho did,
then, in the language of Mr. Madison, hu is pro-
viding, not for a union of States, but for the de-
struction of States; he is providing, under the
name of union, to carry on war against States;
and I care not whether it be against Massachu-
setts or Missouri, it is equally objectionable to
me; and I will resist it alike in the one case as in
the other, as subversive of the great principle 011
which our Government rests, as a heresy to be
confronted at its first presentation, and put down
there, lest it grow into proportions which will
render us powerless before it.
The theory of our Constitution, Mr. President,
is one of peace, of equality of sovereign States.
It was made by States and made for States; and in
the abundance of caution they passed an amend-
ment, doing that which was necessarily implied
by the nature of the instrument, as it was a mere
instrument of grants. But, in the abundance of
caution, they declared that everything which had
not been delegated was reserved to the States, or
to the people—that is, to the State governmentsas
instituted by the people of each State, or to the
people in their sovereign capacity.
I need not, then, go 011 to argue from the his-
tory and nature of our Government that 110 power
of coercion exists in it. It is enough for me to
demand the clause of the Constitution winch con-
fers the power. If it is not there, the Govern-
ment does not possess it. That is the plain con-
struction of the Constitution, made plainer, if
possible, by its amendment.
This Union is dear to me as a Union of fia-
ternal States. It would lose its value if I had to
regard it as a Union held together by physical
force. I would bo happy to know that every
State now felt that fraternity which made this
Union possible; and if that evidence could go out,
if evidence satisfactory to the people of thcSouth
could be given that that feeling existed in the
hearts of the northern people, you might burn
your statute-books and we would chug to the
Union still. But it is because of their conviction
that hostility and not fraternity now exists in the
hearts of the people, that they are looking to their
reserved rights, and to their independent powers
for their own protection. If there be any good,
then, which we can do, it is by sending evidence
to them of that which I fear does not exist—the
purpose of your constituents to fulfill in thespii-it
of justice and fraternity all their constitutional
obligations. If you can submit to them that evi-
dence, I feel confidence that, with the evidence
that aggression is henceforth to cease, will term-
inate all the measures for defense. Upon you of
the majority section it depends to restore peace
and perpetuate the Union of equal States; upon
us of the minority section rests the duty to main-
tain our equality and community rights; and the
means in one case or the other must be such as
each can control.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Connecticut yield to the Senator from Mis-
I have but a word to say.
Then I shall not interpose
Mr. FOSTER.
Mr. GREEN.
now.
Mr. FOSTER. I was singularly unfortunate,
Mr. President, in being so misunderstood by the
Senator from Illinois and the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. I surely have made no party appeal,
and have made no charge against any party as
responsible at all for the evils now existing in our
country. I can scarcely imagine that those gen-
tlemen did me the honor to listen to me, for if
they did, they surely could not have fallen into
such a mistake. I think I can appeal, with great
safety, to any gentleman who did me that honor,
to bear me witness that I made no such charge,
no such imputation, no such appeal. I did, it is
true, say that our Federal Government was in the
hands of the Democratic j>arty. Is it not true?
I did not make the assertion in any offensive sense.
I did not couple it with any intimation that that
party was at all responsible for the evils under
which we are now laboring. Having alluded to
that fact, I said that a Senator connected with that
party, and representing as gallant and as patriotic
a State as belongs to the Confederacy, came for-
ward with a resolution looking toward the resto-
ration of peace and harmony in the country, and
that in that state of things, although its phrase-
ology was not entirely acceptable to me, and al-
though it would be made far more acceptable by
the amendments proposed to it by the Senator
from New York, still, if the amendments proposed
proved unacceptable to the Senator from Ken-
tucky, I would vote for his resolution as it was,
without amendment, for the reason that, under
those circumstances, I considered it my duty to
aid, and I believed that the State which sent me
here would hold me accountable if I did not at-
tempt at least to perform the duty of aiding, in
the restoration of peace and harmony to the
country.
Sir, if that is a party appeal, or if that is making
a party charge, I have misunderstood and now
greatly misunderstand the English language in
its plainest and most obvious forms and words.
That is all I said which can be construed into any
party appeal or any party charge. My object
was to show that 1 was ready to discard all these
considerations, and discard them fully and abso-
lutely, and I am sorry that I was so misunder-
stood.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I am a little
surprised, and not only a little but greatly sur-
prised, that the Senator from Mississippi should
deem it his duty to make use of language which
I think so very unparliamentary in characterizing
suggestions thrown out for the purpose of super-
inducing reflection, as quack nostrums. There
are quacks; and they expect to accomplish results
without means. Without consideiing the con-
stitution and feeling the pulse, or examining the
condition of the patient, and the fitness of the
administered medicine to the accomplishment of
the desired result, they hope something without
doing anything. They are quacks; and so in po-
litical science, there are quacks who, seeing the
diseased condition of the patient, will do nothing
to relieve him. But he is not a quack who, as an
advising physician, does not administer medicine,
but, havingconsidered the condition of the patient,
suggests a proper subject for consideration. There
is no quackery in that; and how he should feel it
to be his duty thus to charactuize it, is to me
most extraordinary indeed. He has a right to
condemn it, to oppose it, to vote against it, to
show wherein it is wrong; but to call it a quack
remedy is such an expression as I have seldom
heard in this Senate Chamber. So in regard to
my friend from California; so in regard to others.
We are making suggestions; we are hoping that
reflection may set in, and that a proper consid-
eration may devise something—lo do what? To
build up a central military despotism? No; but
to maintain constitutional rights according.to the
plan of the Constitution as given to us by our
fathers. That is all we ask. Do you ask more?
Is there a Senator from any State in this Union
that will rise in his place and say he wants more
than that? Ifhe does, I do not go with him.
But it is said itis utterly Impossible to get this,
because the state of public sentiment North is
wrong. I said that, too; and I said that we must
devise some means to hold our rights until an
opportunity—a fair, reasonable opportunity—is
given for a reaction of public sentiment. As I
remarked, but two principles controlled any Gov-
ernment; one, consent, and the other, physical
power. If the consent, the good feeling, is gone-,
you must have the physical power. How much?
Enough to make a central despotism? Enough
to build up a military power and overawe the
States, and do what my friend from Mississippi
condemns? No. To do what, then ? To simply
enforce the Constitution as it now exists; and if
my friend will be a little more specific, and not
resort to the use of these quackery terms, and read
the fourth section of the fourth articic of the Con-
stitution, he will find it says this: It is the duty
of the Federal Government to protect the States
against invasion without any application upon the
part of the Executive, without any application
upon the part of the Legislature. When domes-
tic violence springs up, and you want to quell that
with Federal power, Federal power cannot be ex-
erted until the Legislature or Executive demands
it. But when invasion is about to occur, the Fed-
eral power is adequate to it without any request.
I want him to read the Constitution once more,
and then his notions of quackery I hope will be
dissipated:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State in
this Union a republican form ot government, and shall pro-
tect eacli of them against invasion."
When does the other part apply ?
" And on application of the Legislature or of the Execu-
tive, (when tlie Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence."
The Federal authority, therefore, cannot be
exerted to suppress domestic violence until the
Executive or the Legislature demands it; but to
prevent invasion, it is the duty of the Federal
power to exert it whenever it is necessary. Now,
if it be the duty of the Federal power thus to
protect, I only propose to aim the Government
with that power, contemplated by the Constitu-
tion, which might be necessary. Is that military
despotism? If it is, Madison and Washington
and Pinckney and Hamilton established that
Government. I propose to do nothing but merely
to make an inquiry to see whether this thing
might not accomplish some beneficial result within
the limits of the present Constitution of the United
States, and to carry that out. To call that build-
ing up a military despotism amounts just to this:
we are going out of the Union, right or wrong;
and we will misrepresent every proposition made
to save the Union.
Now, Mr. President, I undertake to say that
the state of public sentiment in the North is
wrong. There may be a sentiment in the South
that is wrong, for aught I know. Within my
State, I know of no southern sentiment that
is wrong; for 1 know of 110 man that demands
anything except what the present Constitution
guaranties and provides. I am compelled to re-
main in the Union. I will not say compelled; but
it is my duty to remain in the Union, unless, in
the development of future events, I find that a
resort'to a revolutionary right and the establish- *
ment of a new order of tilings will betterpromote
the happiness of the people of Missouri. As it
is, nobody talks of it theie. As it is, every one
says there are these complaints, these gi levanees.
It is the opinion that we have not had justice;
and because the Constitution has not been carried
out. When 1 suggest a mode by which one
branch of the Constitution can be carried out, I
am to be taunted with the expression that it is a
quack remedy.
Sir, this Constitution is good enough for the
Union; and, as 1 remarked before, an amend-
ment of the Constitution, unless it indicates pub-
lic sentiment, is not worth a stiaw; and.os I also
said before, the passage of a new huv, or the re-
peal of these nullifying laws of the North, are
worth nothing, except so far as they indicate pub-
