1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
lie sentiment. To give that sentiment opportu-
nity to react, I wish to arm the Federal Govern-
ment with just that power contemplated in the
Constitution—no more, no less; not to transcend
it one inch. Wilethcr it shall ever react or not,
we cannot tell. If it never does react, then we
shall have to go; but I want to make every effort
that I possibly can first. I desire, if possible, to
let every man regret. When the passions are
aroused, when excitement is upon tiptoe, you
cannot make men regret. It may be that the
North will not regret; and it may be that the
South, the retreating South, will not stop to re-
gret either.
Who has fought her battles for the last twenty-
five years in public sentiment, and borne the
brunt of the difficulty*upon the border? Mis-
souri, Kentucky, Virginia,and Maryland, while
Mississippi and Louisianahave been secure; and
while you have lost but one boxed-up negro, sent
on board a vessel, that I remember, we have lost
thousands and thousands and thousands; and
now, when I propose a means that the Constitu-
tion contemplates and provides for, to secure my-
self, he who has suffered no wrong except an
ideal, an imaginary wrong, says the statu of pub-
lic sentiment of the Noith is so corrupt and viti-
ated that I dare not stay in association with them.
I know that that sentiment is corrupt; and there-
fore, as I said before, and now repeat, that senti-
ment must react, or we shall have to go with you.
But I want to give them an opportunity to have
that reaction.
Do you say they have had twenty-five years to
•do it? The agitation has been fanned and fed,
and they saw not the impending danger. They
saw not the precipice that they were diiving us
to. In a deadly conflict, you may wrestle with
me and may throw me over, but 1 will prove to
vou that both fail to the bottomless pit together.
It is like the travelers upon the Andes.- If the
path be notbioad enough for both, they will come
into conflict, and one must fall, and he drags the
other down.
If we can avert this,let us do it. I do not say
that we can do it. I hope and trust in God that
we may do it. Whether I am successful or not,
I will make the effort. I will stand upon the
record as having raised my voice and given my
vote and used every effort, in my power to save
tYiy rights in the Constitution, and to save the
Union also. I know if is a very unpopular theme
in some sections of the Union to say a word for
the Union. Let it be so. I hope that that feel-
ing will react. I hope the sober second thought
will again induce them to see the propriety of
being content with constitutional guarantees, and
when means are proposed to enforce the Consti-
tution and carry it out, do not ridicule it by call-
ing it a quack remedy.
Mr. President, I have not undertaken, as I
before remarked, to give the details of the plan.
I have, within the resolution I offered, embraced
constitutional provisions, and if the committee
goes beyond them and erects a military despot-
ism, 1 shall go against their report; but if they
confine themselves strictly within the limits of
the Constitution, and only give adequate power
to carry it out and enforce it, I shall go for it.
As to this idea that that power will be in the
hands of Mr. Lincoln, an Opposition President,
I do not stop to consider it. I will give him as
much power to enforce the Federal Constitution
and protect the rights of the people as I would
anybody else; and ! will hold him justas respons-
ible for the manner ns which he excreist s it. Do
you say that that ^ives him power to overawe
the States? I say it does not. He cannot in-
vade a single State; but he tan prevent States
from being invaded. He cannot take one pai tide
of property; but he can protect your property
from being taken by others. It is one of those
preventive means—but why do I stop here to
explain it?
As I before remarked, I am not uiging it. I
only threw it out at as one of those suggestions,
as one of those thoughts that might be taken into
consideration by your committee, for the purpose,
if possible, of giving us that protection which we
cannot get with the piesent sstate of public senti-
ment; so that, in the mean time, there might be a
reaction in that sentiment, and the good old Union
remain such as it was when my fiiend praised it
so highly,and lauded it to theskiesasbrmgingso
many blessings\to humanity. Let us have it. Do
you say we canho(%ct it? I will not despair of
it. Do you sajrit is utterly impossible to have
it? Have we made the necessary efforts to get it?
There have been bitter speeches and complaining
remarks and insulting remarks, all of which have
done harm. Have there been those honest, fair
petitions and remonstrances and appeals to the
sections of this Union that ought to be made.
Why, for me to go on the stump or in this Sen-
ate Chamber, and denounce one section of the
Union, or the other section of the Union, would
do more harm than good; but let me appeal to
them, and ask them, as I say to them now, are
you not willing to grant mc the Constitution?
Yes. You ask me, do you want any more than
the Constitution? No. Then this one pointonly
remains: if you construe the Constitution one
way, and I construc it another, letus as brethren
put in an explanatory amendment, which will
remove the whole difficulty, that we may go on
together in harmony and peace hereafter. A
rigid enforcement of the fugitive slave law, a rigid
protection of the States from invasion, and an
explanatory amendment of the Constitution, de-
fining the rights on every point where there is
any dispute, will give us the same old peace we
had, and we will go on with the same prosperity
as we formerly did.
I do not urge this; but I throw out these sug-
gestions, and hope that my friend will do me the
justice to believe that I do not do it for the pur-
pose of trjtiiig to coerce any State in our Union.
I would co*ce no State; but I would coerce indi-
viduals as long as that State remains in the Union.
I deny nullification. If you are in the Union,
you arc subject to the Union laws, and 1 will en-
force the laws against individuals. 3f you are
out of the Union, you are an independent Power,
and I have no right to undertake to enforce Fed-
eral laws over you.
I did not intend even to be drawn into the dis-
cussion of that, nor to express an opinion upon
it; but I do it to prevent myself from being mis-
understood. I am providing this force to protect
our rights in the Union while our States are in the
Union. Perhaps my friends will say, some am-
bitious chieftain will pervert that power, and use
it for a prejudicial purpose. I do not believe it.
The corrective of public sentiment, the rigors and
the guards of*the law, will always be able to pre-
vent such a result.
Mr. President, I only deem it necessary to make
this explanation becausc I think my friend from
Mississippi really misunderstood what I had said.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. Piesident, my friend
from Mississippi, in his allusion to me, either
misunderstood mc or unintentionally did me great
injustice. I did not say, because I did not think
it—and if I did say it, I did not intend so to be
understood—that the State which I had the honor
here m part to represent would think it any cause
whatever for separation becausc of her failure to
obtain the great measure to which I alluded. I
merely said this: that it would weaken her attach-
ment, but would not certainly destroy her alle-
giance to the Government, at any time or in any
sense.
Mr. DAVIS. I am very happy indeed to hear
the explanation of my friend from California,
with whom I hftve so often coincided, and from
whom I shall part with so much regret upon any
great political principle. He will find, however,
upon examining the report, 1 think, that 1 under-
stood his language. I am happy to find I did mis-
understand Ins meaning, and very glad to be cor-
rected.
The Senator from Missouri has taken special
offense at the use of the word " quackery," or
"quack nostrums,55 or " quack remedy.'' He
puts the three phrases in my mouth, although I
do not remember having used either of them; but
let that go. I will not quarrel with him about
it; and, if he is satisfied, will agree that lie is
a learned pundit; that he is the highest authority
on parliamentary etiquette; that he is the highest
authonty on political merit; but I must protest
against his mode of quoting what anybody has
said to whom he replies, and I cannot consent
to his construction of the Constitution. When
he selects a clause from the Constitution, which
he reads with peculiar emphasis, and invites me
to study—that clause m the Constitution which
authorizes the Federal Government, or rather re-
quires the Federal Government, ty repel invasion
—I have but to refer him to; the history of the
Government for the meaning of that clause. Was
it to establish a military cordon surrounding the
States? Was it to raise battlements,-whose arm-
aments should frown terrifically jdown upon the
people of a State ? No, not at all, sir. It was to
repel foreign aggression. That power, was dele-
gated when these States united for'common de-
fense. It was to bind their separate forces-into
one whole; so that the power of all might be- used
against any common enemy that invaded either
of them; not the invasion of one State by an-
other. That was a thought which would have
deterred from union; that is the sad reflection
which experience alone could have suggested to
our minds. The Senator from Missouri, there- *
fore, uses the phrase of the Constitution in a mean-
ing which it cannot have; in an intent which our
fathers had not; and does to them the great injus-
tice of believing that, whilst they were sweeping
away even the barriers to the freest trade between
the States, they were providing to build up mili-
tary cordons to keep the people apart.
I am glad that, before the Senator closed his
remarks, he answered the only question which I
asked him; and that-because it was the point on
which I did not understand him. His answer was
so satisfactory, that if it had not been necessary
for me to make the acknowledgment that I would
take him out of the list of quacks and put him
on the rolls of learned pundits and political doc-
tors, I should not have replied. The construc-
tion of the Constitution is the question which we
have to regard; and when we arc told that military
power is to be given to enforce the Constitution,
knowing that that Constitution has as many con-
structions as clauses, and seeing the great error
into which tins State-rights and clear-headed
Senator has fallen this morning, wc are warned
not to confer new and extraordinary powers upon
the Federal Government, to be exorcised as that
Government may construe the Constitution. The
States in their sovereignty, the States in their in-
dependence, the States have full power over all
local affairs; and this Federal Government is the
agent to conduct their foreign intercourse, and
provide for the common defense. That is the
Government our fathers made, and that alone is
the Government to which I am willing to bear
allegiance.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to remark that I thank
the Senat&r for the compliment of taking me out
of the list of quacks anu making me a political
doctor. I am sorry I cannot return it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, what
is the question before the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT, The proposition
offered by the Senator from Kentucky. The Sec-
retary will read it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. He proposed an amend-
ment. Was that amendment made as a matter
of right by the mover?
The VICE PRESIDENT, ft had better be
read for the information of the Senate. Theori*
guial resolution and the amendments of the Sena-
tor from New York were withdrawn, and the
Senator from Kentucky proposed a general reso-
lution.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senator from Ken-
tucky modified his original resolution.
Mr. POWELL. 1 propose that all of the ori-
ginal resolution after the word 44 members" be
stncken out, and what is now in the hands of the
Secretary I suppose is to be added.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read as he has it the last proposition of the Sen-
ator.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Ami thnt said committee be instructed to inquire into
the piescnt condition of the country, and repoit by bill or
otheiwise.
Mr-CRITTENDEN. That requires no ques-
tion, if 1 understand it. It is a modification which
the mover can make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Both the other res-
olution and the amendments wcrcwithdruwn, and
this is now the resolution before the Senate sim-
I ply-
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then 1 liope we shall
have the question on it.
Mr. WADE. Let us hear it read in full.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That so much of the President's message as
