THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1861.
New Sbkjes No. 63.
terminating the duty on tea and coffee in two
years if that would make it anymore satisfactory;
but I have no idea that unless we resort to some-
thing else when we terminate this, we shall get
the revenue, unless there should be a very great
saving in the expenditures of the Government;
and so far as that is concerned, you would have
to reSnact this provision.
I cannot perceive why we should get into any
difficulty in adjusting this tariff, among ourselves
at any rate. There is no man in the Senate who
believes that, without some increase of the duties,
we can possibly get revenue enough to support
the Government; and when we are doing it, we
might as well spread it over as many articles as
possible. I have carried a great many free arti-
cles into the duty-paying lists—articles used by
the manufacturers, and 1 expect to have a clamor
raised about tliem when I get home; but they may
as well pay some of the duties as other people.
Everybody will have to contribute more than he
has done, or else we shall get in debt every year
more and more. 1 hope the amendment will be
agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see, by reference to the
Journal of 1858, that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts voted with me to abolish the duty on
sugar at that time.
Mr. WILSON. We could afford to do it at
that time, and cannot now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry he has so
changed his views now as to insist on retaining the
duty. He voted to strike it all out at that time.
Mr. WILSON. In legard to that, I have sim-
ply to say that, at that time, we reduced our du-
ties generally, because we had too much revenue.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was in 1858, not 1857.
Mr. WILSON. Was it not at the time we
changed the tariff?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. WILSON. We might have made that
reduction, and should have made it in my judg-
ment, in those years when we had money; but
everybody admits to-day, that you cannot spare
the money which this duty brings in; and those
who propose to cut it down, offer to put it on tea
and coffee.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not.
Mr. WILSON. All but yourself, sir. I doubt
the wisdom or expediency of making this change,
and I think we had better keep the duty on sugar,
than take it off that, and put it on tea and coffee.
These are free articles. Let the other stand as it
is, and nothing will be said about it.
Mr. CHANDLER. In 1858 there was very
great danger that we should take off the bounty on
codfish,and 1 moved—1 believe I did it myself—
that the duty on sugar should be abolished.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, I moved it.
Mr. CHANDLER. At any rate, the motion
came from the Northwest, that the duty on sugar
should be abolished; and for fear of losing the
bounty on codfish, the Senator from Massachu-
setts voted to abolish the duty on sugar.
Mr. WILSON. You have no right to say
that, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, I will take it back.
I am not satisfied with this reduction; and I had
an amendment which I proposed to offer, to reduce
the duty on sugar to | cent a pound. I believe
it ought to be so reduced. I think it is sufficient.
It is well known that sugar is as universal in its
use as salt; and I believe that sugar and salt should
be free under all circumstances. But, sir, having
great faith in the judgment and discretion of the
Senator from Rhode Island, I shall follow linn,
and vote for his proposition to impose I of a cent
a pound duty upon sugar, although my judgment
is that it ought to be still further reduced. 1 hope
that the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island will prevail, and that we shall finally settle
the matter on his proposition. As for the Senator
from Massachusetts, if he takes exception to my
allusion to codfish, I will say that I did not wish
to be offensive in the allusion at all; and if it be
offensive, I will withdraw that remark and assume
that he voted on patriotic principles. Still, I must
63
say, that codfish was very much mixed up with
the proposition to abolish the sugar duties. I
hope the proposition of the Senator from Rhode
Island will prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,]
to the amendment of the Senator from Rhode Isl-
and, [Mr. Simmons.]
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to know the precise
state of the question we are about to vote on. Will
it be open to amendment after it shall he adopted ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ThcChaircan
not tell what the Senator would propose in regard
to it.
Mr. GRIMES. If I should propose to add, after
the words " tea and coffee," the word " sugar,"
would it be in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that it would, after the clause should
be put m the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand the question
of the Senator from Iowa, I would answer that,
after you have once adopted these words, you
cannot alter them again, though you might add
to the end of them.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall propose to add to the
end of them the word " sugar."
Mr. HUNTER. Is it not in order for the Sen-
ator to offer that proposition now ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itis not, now.
This, being an amendment to ail amendment, can-
not be amended.
Mr. HUNTER. The Chair decides that he
may add to what is put in '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not at this
time-
Mr. HUNTER. That is correct.
Mr. GRIMES. I simply want to know, in
order to govern my vote on the proposition of the
Senator from Wisconsin, whether, after the Sen-
ate have adopted it, I can move to amend it, by
adding the word "sugar."
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator can add, but he
cannot take out.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will, at the suggestion
of my friend from Iowa, include sugar in my pro-
viso, so that the duties on tea, coffee, and sugar
shall cease on the 30th of June, 1803.
Mr. G-WIN. Let the amendment be read as
it now stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows: strike out
all the proviso in the amendment of Mr. Simmons,
in the following words:
" !:'roridiy!. That whenr-ver thp Tieasury notes and bonds
of the United Sum- which have been, or shall be, issued
under the authority of any laws or parts ol'Iavvs passed be-
tween the 4ttl day ofMaich.A.D lbo~, and tin: itii of Match,
1S61. :,ii;il] be ledeempd and paid, the fiesident of the Uni-
ted states is hereby authorized to make pioelamation that
ttie afoiesaid articles of tea and eoffec maybe imported
into the United States e.vompt and lree lioin tile specific
duties herein imposed "
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Provided, The duties on tea, coff\:c,aml sugar,shalleease
from and attei the 30th day of June, 1SG3,
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the Senator from Wis-
consin to say " the specific ckities." We have a
duty m the present bill, putting 10 per cent, on
tea if it comes from this side of the Cape of Good
Hope, and I want to retain that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well, I will accept
that modification.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not understand precisely
why the limitation is to notes and bonds issued
between the 4th of March, 1857, and the 4th of
March, 3861.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not the question
now.
Mr DOUGLAS. That comes up, because the
question is whether you will strike out and insert,
and that brings up the merits of the two propo-
sitions. I do not know why that limitation is put
in. Why not say: "until all the public debt is
paid off," without reference to when it was issued ?
What is the difference in our obligation to pay
our debt, whether it was contracted during these
four yeais or during any ofherfour years' I can
see no necessity for the limitation. Idonotknow
why the d incrimination is made in favor of bonds
issued in that period of time, or whether greater
security is to be given for the payment of those
debts than any others. I do not know that there
is any moral obligation upon us to pay the debts
incurred during this Administration, more than
those incurred during any other Administration.
I do not understand the limitation. It looks bad
on the face of it.
Mr. SIMMONS. In order to relieve the Sen*
atorfrom Illinois, I will tell him why it is put in.
The debts that were contracted prior to the 4th of
March, 1857, will all be paid before any of those
that were contracted since-become due. The
longest loan is the last one that we passed. One
of the issues of bonds that were contracted prior
to that time, is due in 1862; and I think it will be
necessary for us to be providing some means to
pay that before many years go by. My purpose
was to keep the duty on tea and coffee as long as
we owed any of these debts, until they were paid
off.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I could understand it,if the
Senator would so frame his amendment as to
provide that this duty should continue as long as
there was any national debt left to be paid. I
cannot understand why he should leave the debts
contracted prior to the 4th of March, 1857, to take
care of themselves; make special provision for
paying the debts contracted during the last four
years, and then leave the debts created after the
next 4th of March to take care of themselves. [
do not understand it. It seems to make a differ-
ence in the character of our public debt. It seems
to imply that there is more obligation on us to
pay the debts of these four years than any other
time. Nor is the answer given by the Senator
from Rhode Island satisfactory to me, that the
debt created prior to the 4th of March, 1857, will
be paid first. On the contrary, the Treasury notes
being issued now, will be paid before that debt.
All the Treasury notes will come in prior to that
other debt becoming due; so that explanation will
not do. I cannot understand it. It does not look
well on the book.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will try to fix it so that the
Senator can understand it. There is a provision
in^this bill now for a loan. This provision will
include all the loans that will exist to the 4th of
March; and all the debts that arc contracted under
these laws are to be paid before this duty is taken
off, if the amendment prevails. They are the last
debts; the furthest off. Another thing: I thought
it might be well for it to appear that this tea and
coffee duty jvas put on in consequence of the enor-
mous debts we had contracted by reason of the
deficiency in former years under the present tariff
law; that that would satisfy the people, in some
degree, with the imposition; and that the people
would, in some degree, be satisfied with this im-
position of duty upon those articles, when they
knew it was intended to meet the payments for
these public debts. If the loan-of $25,000,000,
which has passed Congress, and the loan pro-
posed to be authorized by this bill, are nego-
tiated, they will bring the public debt to between
§98,000,000 and §108,000,000. I do not intend
to ask for more than §10,000,000 in this bill. From
§10,000,000 to $15,000,000, I think, is enough.
Another thing: I think that, in enacting a loan
bill, we should provide in the bill itself for the
redemption of the debt created by it. If there are
any debts contracted after the 4th of March, I
■shall be forputtingin the bill authorizing the loan
some means of paying it- That used to be the
old-fashioned way of hiring money, making pro-
vision for its payment when you created the debt.
If we are to provide now for debts tlmt have been
created, without any such provision in the bills,
and the policy is pursued, which I think is a wise
one, when making a further loan, to take meas-
ures in the loan bill for its payment, I think it will
be well; and that is the reason that it is put in
here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment
