1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays -were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Braga, Crittendan, Fitch, Hemphill,
Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy, Lane, Nichol-
son, I'earce, Powell, and Wiglall—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Iiingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doohttle, Dougias, Durkee, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, (Crimes, Hale, Harlan, King, Latham,
Morrill, Rice, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—28.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. BIGLER. I am exceedingly anxious that
the Senator from Rhode Island should reduce the
amount of this loan to the lowest point that will
possibly answer the purposes of the Government,
and I feel inclined to think that he can safely re-
duce it below |10,000,000. But I do not rise for
the purpose of settling that point between him and
the Senator from Virginia. I hope they will arrive
at a fair conclusion; but I want to say something
on this general subject, which I shall say very
briefly—1 mean as to the operations of the pres*
ent tariff upon the finances of the country; if you
please, upon the public debt. It can be settled
very clearly and in a very few words.
In the year 1856, the public debt was a little
over $30,000,000; the balance in the Treasury
was $19,000,000. Now there is no balance m the
Treasury. The actual indebtedness of the Gov-
ernmenment then was $11,000,000; the actual in-
debtedness this day is almost §70,000,000—sixty-
nine million and some hundred thousand. So
that, at the least, there has been created since the
present tariff came into operation, a debt of over
$58,000,000—exceeding$14,500,OOOayeav. Now,
sir, what is the use of talking longer about the
revenue qualities of a tariff that runs us in debt
$14,000,0(10 a year? I know that the Senator
from Virginia 
Mr. HCJNTER. I will ask the Senator a ques-
tion. He counts four years. I ask if one of them
was nota year of severe financial crisis, in 1857;
and 1 ask him if we have not had a severe crisis
since the presidential election ? Would any tariff
have brought in money during those times?
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator from Virginia
could not make a more unfortunate argument for
himself. I shall show, whatever may have re-
sulted from revulsion and panics, that in the last
four years, the importations have increased with
unprecedented rapidity , and his argument on that
point is utterly unavailable. Why, sir, for the
four years preceding'I860, and 1860 inclusive, the
importations amounted to $1,344,437,000, being
about §200,000,000 over the four preceding years.
Then, take the years 1849, 1850,1851, and 1852.
For those four years, the importations were
$755,000,000, being but a little over 50 per cent.,
as you perceive, of the amount imported, in the
last four years.
The Senator complains that his revenue scheme
has failed because of revulsions and"panics. Why,
sir, take the decade frpm 1849 to 1860, and your
importations have increased over 78 per cent.,
while the population of the country has increased
but 35 per cent, and a fraction. That is where it
is. I said from the first day that the Senator and
myself differed on this subject, that there never
had been a time, there never would be a time,
when 11J per cent, on your aggregate importa-
tions into the country would pay the expenses of
the Government. There is the defect in this tarifi.
It is fundamental, and no ingenuity can cure it,
no skill can escape its consequences. The defects
are even more fundamental than I have stated
them now. Our experience is for forty years that
the per capita consumption of foreign goods by
the people of the United States has averaged $b f2,
the healthy periods being when the consumption
was about $8 per capita. The Senator's scheme
will require over $14. Now, iet gentlemen look
at that seriously. About $14 per capita consump-
tion of foreign goods in the United States is re-
quired to make the tariff of 1857 yield enough
revenue. I tell gentlemen—and 1 tell it in all can-
dor and kindness, for my responsibilities with
this subject will cease very soon, and they will
remain here—they will never see a time when the
people of the United States will be able to receivc
and pay for $14 per capita of foreign goods. You
may get them for a single year, or two, and then
will come your revulsion, your accident, your
commercial contractions, and bank suspension.
But, sir, the Senator has the benefit of the largest
importations the country has ever had, and the
largest percentage of increase of importations; and
yet, with all that, his tariff has not kept us from
going into debt.
The Senator said, very reasonably and justly,
that he had no idea that the expenditures would
be so great; but it was his business to view both
sides of this question, to estimate the expendi-
tures as well as the receipts; and looking at all
sides, I have before expressed my amazement
that the Senator from Virginia, wUh his great
experience and his admitted intelligence on this
subject, and his entire sincerity, could have per-
suaded himself that the present rates of duty
would produce the amount of money necessary
to sustain the Government. I agree that the debt
is much larger than it ought to be; that the ex-
penditures have been larger by far than they
should have been.
But, sir, in this connection, I will say to gen-
tlemen on the other side, especially to my col-
league, who, I think, was very uncharitable and
very unnecessarily brought in the question of the
policy of the present Administration, I predict
      -i;^^ tkot tVir< c\-v-
here—you may mark the prediction—that the ex-
pend! tures of the Government will be greater under
penuituit sui &   —-
every year of the incoming Administration, than
they have been of the past. I count the Confed-
eracy as it has heretofore existed, and as, I trust
in God's name, it will hereafter exist. I speak
of the expenditures of this entire country, and of
the union of all the States. But when I say the
expenditure will increase, I do not mean to say
there will be any improper or necessary increase.
The whole experience of our Government has
shown that the expenditures will increase in the
same ratio with the growth of your great country,
and the increase of your population, and with the
spread of your domain, and of your vast machine-
ry of Government. You may just as well make
your financial policy to suit it as not. This is all
I have to say on the subject.
Mr. PEARCE. The question now, I believe,
is upon the motion of the Senator from Rhode Isl-
and, to reduce the proposed loan from $21,000,000
to $10,000,000. . ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question before the Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. Well, sir, I was about to re-
mark to the Senate that the estimates of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1862, are as follows——
Mr. PESSENDEN. What Secretary ?
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Cobb. Estimated receipts
from customs, $,60,000,000; from public lands,
S.'),000,000; from miscellaneous sources, $1,250,-
000; and the balance in the Treasury is estimated
at $245,000; making a total of $64,950,000, in round
numbers. The estimated expenditures for the
same period by that Secretary were $6fci,db3,UUU,
leaving a deficit in the Treasury on the 30th of
June, 1862, of $3,867,000. We know that cir-
cumstances have changed verygreatly since these
estimates were sent to Congress. The Sectetaiy
had a right, when he prepared his estimate, to
suppose that the revenue from customs would be
$60,000,000; for the receipts from customs m the
first quarter of this fiscal year, ending September
30, I860, were $16,000,000. But since that period,
we have had the monetary and commercial revul-
sions, brought about by the political agitations of
the country; and therefore, for the secondquaiter
of the present fiscal year, the revenue from cus-
toms was only about $8,000,000; and the present
Secretary of the Treasury has estimated the rev-
enue from customs for the two remaining quaiters
of the fiscal year at only $16,000,000.
Now, sir, I know that if the pending tariff bill
should pass, it will make a difference m the amount
of revenue. But whether it will yield greater or
less revenue, who can tell? The
Rhode Island estimates that it will give ^20,000,IKK)
more than the average revenue from customs dur-
ing the last four years. Other gentlemen say it
will not yield as much revenue as the tariff bill of
1857. But one thing we know certainly, that
whether the one tariff or the other shall be m ex-
istence during the next fiscal year, unless the con-
dition of the country shall be materially changed,
we cannot expect to realize anything like the es-
timates which the Secretary of the I reasmy has
made for revenue from customs for the year end-
ing June 30, I860. What likelihood is there that
peace will be restored; that confidence in the Gov-
ernment will be restored; that commerce will re-
sume its natural flow; and that importations will
be as great as they were, under ordinary cir'cum- ,
stances, when the condition of the country vi'as
not disturbed by political agitations? I confess I
think it would be very unwise, unless we have
better lights than now shine upon the prospect, to
anticipate a perfect restoration of political har-
mony, and therefore of commercial confidence
during, at all events, the earlier part of the next
fiscal year. I do not believe, therefore, that we can
count confidently upon anything like $60,000,000
of revenue from customs during the year ending
June 30, 1862. If so, it seems to me it might be
well enough to provide in advance for the defi-
ciency which we may reasonably expect. If the
revenue from customs in the first halt of the next
fiscal year should be no more than is estimated
for the last two quarters of this year, we shall
have but $16,000,000 from that source. .That
will be far less than enough to defray the ex-
penditures of the Government under'the appro-
priations we are now making; for we are passing
just as large appropriations as we made for the
present fiscal year, or the year before it. Indeed,
I rather think, though I have not made an accu-
rate computation, that our appropriations are
somewhat larger. I know they are larger in sev-
eral of the appropriation bills, if the amendments
put on by the Senate shall receive the approba-
tion of the House.
Let the political contests which have led to the
secession of six States, and which yet threaten to
tear away others from the Union, be terminated,
and fraternal feelings return, and commerce and
revenue will resume their flow with more than
their wonted vigor. Butuntil this adjustment be
made, we must continue to witness the embar-
rassment of commerce, and a deficient revenue.
It seems to me, therefore, it would not be un-
reasonable—unless we arc disposed to let the Gov-
ernment come to a dead halt, to remain unable
then, as it is now, to pay the demands upon the
Treasury—to give the authority to make this loan,
which I think ought to beadequate; but I should
like to couple it with a provision which I will now
read to the Senate, and offer at the proper time,
by which the application of the loan shall be re-
stricted to the service of the next fiscal year. I
would add at the end of the third section, as a '
further proviso:
Provided further, That nopart of the loan hereby author-
ized shall be applied to the service of the present fiscal
year.
With that proviso, I will vote to authorize the
loan. ... , .
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no objection to that.
I will adopt it. .
Mr. PEARCE. Then I will send it up to the
Chair. „.
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not suppose any of it
was to be used this fiscal year.
Mr. PEARCE. I prefer to have it in the statute.
Mr. SIMMONS. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as modified by the consent
of the mover.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have another amendment
to offer.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we had better adjourn.
I am willing to sit here until five o'clock every
day, and go on regularly with the work; but we
shall weary ourselves down if we sit in this way
every day. We cannot sit the bill out. A great
many amendments have been offered to it, and
they ought to be printed. We ought to sec them.
I do not know the effcct of some of the amend-
ments that the Senator himself offered to-day 1
think we had better adjourn now. We meet to-
morrow at eleven o'clock, and we may have five
hours at this bill to-morrow. I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator to with-
draw that for a moment.
Mr. BKJNTER. 1 will. , T
Mr^FESSENDEN. I wish to say that I pro-
pose to-morrow, at one o'clock, to move to take
up the miscellaneous appropriation bill. It is
perfectly manifest to me that if this is to go on
from day to day, dribbling over these amend-
ments, and we sit only to five o'clock, it will be
impossible to get through the ordinary business
