998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
of the session; and we may as well take that
which is absolutely essential first, as to wait until
the last moment, and lose those bills. Now, the
■Senator from Virginia speaks of our wearying
ourselves out. Why, sir, we have not sat after five
o'clock for a single day during this session; and
we know very well that it has been the habit for
us to sit, when an important bill was up, day af-
ter day, and into the night, in order to pass it.
Gentlemen have refused to do that up to this time.
We have be?n left withoutaquorum two or three
times. ' They have refused to sit here after five
o'clock in the afternoon; and now we have but
eleven days of this session left, and many very
important measures to be acted upon, which will
occasion a good deal of debate; and it is perfectly
useless to keep going on in this way. Wo shall
not get this bill through this week at the rate gen-
tlemen are going. I really think therefore we
ought to be aided by the Senators on the other
side to stay here a little after the ordinary dinner
hour, and see if we cannot get through with this
bill, and be ready to take up the ordinary busi-
ness of the session.
Mr. PEARCE. I would be really obliged to the
Senator, if he will allow me to get rid of a busi-
ness which I have had in my hands for two days,
and which usually is acted upon whenever the
suggestion is made. I have a report from the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill. I hope I shall beal-
owed to present it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As that is a report from
a committee of conference, I suppose there will
be no objection to receiving it.
The ^RESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maryland asks unanimous consent to make
a report from the committee of conference on the
bill indicated by him. The Chair hears no ob-
jection; and the bill now before the Senate will be
laid aside temporarily, to receive that report.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEARCE, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 892)
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1863, submit-
ted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disacfieeing votes of
tlie two tlouseh on tin: .iineiieliiicnts to tJie lull ((1. K. Ko.
Kh-') makiiis appropriations for Hie legislative, oxccntlve,
and judicial e\pen.-es of the Government for the vear end-
ing the UOtil of June, 186y, having met, alter full'and free
conference, have agreed to rccommcnd to tlieir respective
Houses ay follows:
^ That Ihe House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate':; amendment, and agiee to the same.
That tiie Senate recede trom their lollowing amend-
ments, namely: the third, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth,
fourteenth, fifteenth, and sixteenth.
That the House recede trom tlieir dlsagieement to the
Senate's twenty-second amendment, ami agiee to the same,
with an amendment, as follows: stnke. out all of said
amendment after the word " bars," in the fifteenth Imp of
the amendment. 3 A. PEAItCE,
MILTON K. IjATIIAM,
JAMES DIXON,
Managers on the fart of the Senate.
JOHN SIIRliMAN,
T1IADDEUS STliVENS,
JOHN O. BUIMJU,
Managers on the part of ike House of Representatives.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senate will allow me, I
will now briefly explain the effect of this report.
The first amendment, from which it is proposed
that the Senate shall recede, relates to the appro-
priations for officers of the House. The Senate
amended that upon a miscalculation, a misaddi-
tion,and they restore itnow to the sum proposed
by the House, which you will find by adding up
the items, was corrcct. The sixth amendment of
the Senate, from which the Xlouse propose to
recede, restores the estimates for miscellaneous
items in the State Department—an addition of $500
only. The amendments from which it is pro-
posed the Senate recede,are as follows: Forcom-
pensation of the surveyor general of Illinois and
Missouri, $2,000; for compensation of surveyor
general of Indiana, §2,000. These were omitted
m the House bill, under the belief that these offi-
cers were unnecessary, and that there was ample
time up to the 30th of June next to wind up all
the business in those two offices. The Senate 
being informed by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eial Land Office that it would be better to restore
the estimates, and that he did not kno>v that they
would be able to wind up their business by the
30th of June next—restored the estimates; but the
House insist upon it that they should be left out,
and they say they are mere sinecures. It is not
for us, we thought, to resist such an application
coming from the House, and representing what
will be the party in power after the 4th of March
next. Another amendment, from which it is pro-
posed the Senate should recede, restored the ap-
propriation for the rent of the surveyor general's
office in Oregon, from §2,000 to $2,500, adding
$500. The next, the fourteenth amendment, from
which the Senate also recede, restored the esti-
mate for the rent of the surveyor general's office
in California from $3,000 to $5,000. They also
recede from their fifteenth amendment, which re-
stored the estimate for the rent of the surveyor
general's office of Washington Territory, and
the sixteenth, which restored the estimate for
rent for the surveyor general's office in New
Mexico. The whole amount of the reductions
of the estimates was only $10,000. As the bill
came from the House, the appropriations were
$10,000 less than the estimates.
The twenty-second amendment is one which
relates to refining bullion. There was a provis-
ion in the last clause of the amendment reducing
the pricc of coinage at the Mint. The price is
now one half of one per cent. The Senate agreed
to an amendment to make it one fifth of one per
cent. Their reason for so reducing it was, that
it was understood from the director of the Mint,
upon the coinage of$50,000,000 atone establish-
ment in the course of a year, that that would be
the expense; buta further letter from him informs
us that the coinage being distributed among dif-
ferent mints, cannot be done atthatexpense; and
it would be safest and best to retain it at the pres-
ent price, which is one half of one per cent. We
therefore recommend that the House recede from
its disagreement to that amendment, upon out-
striking out that last clause. We therefore make
provision in this amendment for refining bullion
at private establishments, and do not interfere with
the price of coinage as now established by law.
That is the whole amount of the amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the report of the committee of
conference.
The report was concurred in.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House pf Representatives,
by Mr. Hays, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President:
A bill (II. R. No. 8G6) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1861; and
A bill (S. No 154) for the relief of Randall
Pegg.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message iron} the President of the United
States, by Mr. Glosserejjner, his Secretary,
announced that the President of the United States
approved and signed, on the 16th instant, a bill
(S. No. 547) for the relief of the parish of St.
Matthew's chuich, in the city of Washington.
SEIZURE OF AMERICAN VESSELS BY PERU.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I ask the unanimous con-
sentofthe Senate to offer a resolution at this time.
Die PRESIDING- OFFICER. Is objection
made ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I only gave way to the Sen-
ator from Maryland to make a report from a com-
mittee of confercncc.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator can intro-
duce his resolution to-morrow morning.
Ihe PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chair
understand objection to be made to the resolution
offered by the Senator from Texas?
Mr. HEMPHILL. I hope the Senator from
Rhode Island will give way for a moment, to
allow the resolution to be adopted.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will give way for it to be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
^ Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish the
Senate with copies of any correspondent with the Gov-
ernment ot Peru in lelation to the seizuie by that Govern-
ment ol vessels belonging to citizens of the United States.
Mr. SIMMONS. It had better lie over until
to-morrow morning.
THE TARIFF.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
338) to provide for the payment of outstanding
Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to fix the
duties on imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move to strike out the
fourth section of the bill after the enacting clause,
and to insert what I send to the Chair.
Mr. FOOT. I presume nobody cares about
hearing the reading of the section proposed to be
stricken out. The reading of the matter proposed
to be inserted, I suppose, will be sufficient.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that the section proposed to be stricken
out consists of but three lines.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" That the faith of the United States is hereby pledged for
the due payment of the interest and the redemption of the
piincipai of said stock."
_ Mr. SIMMONS. If such a provision as that
is not inserted in the amendment, it need jiot be
stricken out; but perhaps it is in the amendment
I propose; I do not know.
The Secretary read the matter proposed to be
inserted in lieu of the fourth section, as follows:
And he. it further enacted, That in case the proposals made
for said loan, 01 for so much thereof as the exigencies of
the public service shall require, shall not be satisfactory,
the Piesident of the United States shall be, and heicby is,
authorized to decline to acccpt such offer, if for less than
the par value of the said stock, and in lieu thereof and to
the extent and amount of the loan authorized to be made
by this act, to issue Treasury notes foi sums not less than
$20, beaiing interest at the rate of 6 per centum per an-
num, payable semi-annually, on the 1st days of January
and July, 111 each year, at proper place? of payment to be
prescubed by the Secretary with the approval of the Pres-
ident; and, under the like circumstances and conditions,
the President of the United States is hereby authorized to
substitute Tieasuiy notes of equal amount for the whole or
any pat t of the loans for which he is now by law authorized
to conuact and issue bonds; and the Treasury notes so is-
sued,under the authority herein given, shall be received m
payment foi all debts due to the United States when of-
fered, and in like manner shall be given in payment for any
sum due from the United States, when requested by the
persMito whom the payment is to be made. And the faith
of the United States is hereby pledged forthe due payment
of the interest and the redemption of the principal of the
stock, or Treasury note?, which may be issued tinder the
anthonty of this act. And the sum of $30,000 is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to pay the expenses of preparing the cer-
tificates of stock, or Treasuiy notes, herein authorized, to
be done in the usual mode, and under the restrictions as to
tiie employment and payment of officers contained m thu
law-s authorizing the foimer loans and issues of Treasury
notes. And it shall be at the option of holders of the Ti eas-
urv notes hereby authorized by this act to exchange the
same fur the stock herein authorized at par and in lieu of
winch said Trea&ury notes aie issued.
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest to the Senator
from Rhode Island to order this amendment to be
printed, and take it up to-morrow morning, so
that we shall have an opportunity to examine it.
We cannot act on such an amendment as that
at once. Let him get an order now to print it,
and in the morning we can,aet upon it,
Mr. SIMMONS. This is not very hard to
understand, it seems to me,
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator cannot expect
us to get through such a proposition as that this
evening.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the fourth section of the bill
and inserting what has been read.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to adjourn is not debatable.
The question being put, there were on a divis-
ion—ayes 5, noes 24; no quorum voting.
Mr. FESSeNDEN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bragg, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of
i eimessoe, Lane. Pearce,and Powell—7.
-Messrs. Anthoxiy, Bigler, Blneham, Cameron,
ClmkjDixon, Doolirtlc, Douglas, Durkee, Fes^enden, Foot,
I'osf^r, Gr.me^j Hale, Ilaiian. King, Latham, Morrill, Sew-
ard, blmmons, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Tri  
Wilson—25.
rrumbull, Wade, and
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As there is no quorum
present, I will move thnt the Senate adjourn.
Ilic motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
