40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
that it would consolidate the two sections, sev-
erally, against each other in-fierce and unrelent-
ing strife.
Then let us hasten, while it is not yet too late, to
avertso lamentable a result, and to Save the Union,
if possible, by mutual conciliation and concession.
Let us adjust all the jarring differences of the
sections, forever, either by law, or, if necessary,
by an amendment of the Constitution, upon just
and equitable principles. Let us do this, 'and
prove that we are still capable.of self-government.
In my humble opinion, this Government, what-
ever may be its faults, is worth more to the cause
of human progress than all the property and all
t the lives of the people now within its jurisdiction.
In my judgmen t, it would be better for the h uman
race that both people and property had been in-
stantly destroyed by the hand of Omnipotent
power, and it continue to move in the fulfillment
of its glorious mission, than for it to be destroyed
and we and our property continue to be.
In excluding a million and a half of northern
Democrats from any representation on the com-
mittee, the Republican party have proclaimed
entire responsibility, so far as the North is con-
cerned, for the action or non-action of the com-
mittee. If disunion and civil war should follow
as the consequence of their persistent and dog-
matical adherence to their anti-slavery proviso,
• and to their opposition to the principles or details
of the fugitive slave law, the consequences will be
on their heads, not on ours.
Mr. SICKLES. Mr. Speaker, I will not be
guilty of the presumption of supposing that any-
thing that I can say by way of appeal to the gen-
tleman from Florida will change his deliberate
determination, or that anything I can address
personally to the House will influence the vote
upon this question; but 1 have believed, sir, as
my distinguished colleague [Mr. .Toirn Coch-
rane] thought the other day, that the gentleman
from Florida, and the members, at least upon this
side of the House, would listen to an appeal in
the name of the city of New York; and it is only,
sir, as a Representative of that city, 111 the hope
of giving expression to something of the deep and
universal solicitude which pervades the heart of
that metropolis in this great crisis, that I would
venture for a moment to claim the attention of the
House.
Sir, the Constitution under which welive was in-
' auguratedin that city from the lips of Washington.
One of the earliest votes she gave was for Thomas
Jefferson; and the vote of that city decided the
election of Mr. Jefferson, and therein the found-
ation of the Democratic party. She sustained,
throughout,the administration ofMadison. When
treason lifted its head in other quarters, no voice
but the voice of patriotism and loyalty was al-
lowed to pass her borders. She sustained the
administration of Jackson through all its struggles,
throughoutall the grave controversies which "then
imperiled the Union of these States. She has
never given a vote that has looked to one section
in disparagement of another. Every instinct,
every thought, every purpose of the city of New
York is,as her record proves, national, patriotic,
American. It is in the name, then, of such a
people, with such a record, that I would venture
to appeal to men on all sides of this Chamber for
that moderation, that devotion to duty, yea,even
for tho self-sacrifice, which are necessary in this
crisis.
Mr. Speaker, one of the great dangers of the
day is that the country has not understood, and
does not understand, the extent of the peril in
which it is placed. Illusions have usurped the
place of reason in the popular mind. These il-
lusions beguile us for the moment, only to plunge
us into graver situations. Does any man on this
floor suppose that if, in tho month of October,
the masses of the North could have realized what
they now see to be the'sad truth, we would
stand now where we are, on the verge of dissolu-
tion? No man who knows the American people
has the credulity to believe that. The country
lias been fatally deceived, and some of these
illusions possess us even now. One of them is
that this Union can be preserved by force; men
believe that although we may be at the moment
menaced by disunion, and although incipient
movements toward it may be attempted without
interference, and may be, perhaps, brought to
the very verge of consummation without oppo-
sition, yet at last tho strong arm of power will
interpose and stay the work. I, for one, Mr.
Speaker, have never for a moment entertained
such a thought. It is not the belief or opinion
of the people whom I represent; and I must say
to you, in all solemnity, that while the city of
New York will cling to tho Union to the last;
while she will look on the last hour of its ex-
istence as we would upon the setting sun if we
were never to see it more; yet when the call for
force comes—let it come whence it may—no man
will ever pass the boundaries of the city of New
York for the purpose of waging war against any-
State of this Union, which, through its consti-
tuted authorities, and sustained by the voice of its
people, solemnly declares that its rights, its inter-
ests, and its honor, demand that it should seek
safety in a separate existence. I mean by that,
sir, not to class myself among those who do not love
the Union, for it has no more loyal citizens than
those of the city of New York, for whom I under-
take to speak to-day. I simply mean to discharge
my duty in endeavoring to contribute something
towards dispelling the hallucination that exists in
many places—yes, sir, in distinguished places—
that the Union is to be preserved by armies. Sir,
the Union can be made perpetual by justice; but
it cannot be maintained an instant by force. If
that truth had been graven deep in the hearts of
the people, North, East, and West, and led to
the conscientious recognition of constitutional
obligations, all would have been well; and until
these truths are reeoghized throughout the land
we cannot have peace.
I look upon secession as the last dread alter-
native of a free State when it has to choose between
liberty and injustice. In our Federal system the
recognized right of secession is a conservative
safeguard,. It is the highest constitutional and
moral guarantee against injustice; and therefore,
if it had been always and universally acknowl-
edged as a rightful remedy, it would have contrib-
uted more than all else to perpetuate the Union,
by compelling the observance of all their obliga-
tions on the part of all the States. The oppo-
site dogma, which is so extensively believed at
the North, that no matter what wrongs a State
may have to endure, it may and ought to be com-
pelled by force to remain in the Union, even as
a conquered dependency, is a most dangerous
error in our system of government, and has con-
tributed largely to the existing anarchy.
Another illusion, Mr. Speaker, is that the re-
sponsibility of dealing with this crisis, and the
power to deal with it, is in the South. I do not
so understand it. They have their share of re-
sponsibility. Deep and heavy it is, I am sure;
and none are more sensible of it than they who
carry the burden. I have no doubt they will act
infullviewof all their just responsibilities. But,
sir, the southern Representatives on this floor
cannot if they would, no matter What personal
sacrifices they may deem it their duty to make,
arrest the movement which has already enlisted
the support of the great masses of the southern
people—certainly the greater part of the popula-
tion of several important States, and sufficient!
to precipitate the most dreadful events upon us,'
I believe, the people of the city of New York
believe, that the responsibility of dealing with
the existing state of things, and the power to
deal with it effectively, rest alone on the Repub-
lican leaders; on those who have just achieved,
through the recent election,power m the Federal
Government; on those who control, by over-
whelming majorities, the Legislatures of northern
States. There the responsibility rests. The coun-
try will place it there; Europe and America will
place it there; history will place it there. What-
ever the consequence may be, in the judgment of
history and in the estimation of posterity, they
will bo held responsible. I think the country
will regard the absolute silence which they have
thus far preserved as at least contemptuous, if not
reckless of the dearest interests of the nation.
But that is a question for them to consider.
When the pioneer sees the billows of flame
rolling over the burning prairie, he does not waste
the precious moments in a hopeless struggle
against the intangible foe; but he hastens to his
cabin, and, gathering aiound him his family,
leads them to a place of security. So the South,
when the cry of extermination against their in-
stitutions has reached their frontiers; when the
slave already hears across the border the whis-
pering emissary of insurrection, who has been
suffered unrebuked to proclaim his infamous plots
aloud in the streets and churches of the North;
now, when the family and fireside appeal for
protection, is this a time to ask,the representatives
of southern States to abandon their measures of
self-defense, and resume the weary task of per-
suading the demagogues and the fanatics of other
States to undo the irreparable wrong which has
been committed? No, no. Let the representa-
tives of the aggressive States at the other end of
the Capitol, and here, speak to their people. Let
the Legislatures of the northern States be con-
vened, and let them act. Let the sealed lips of
the Medusa head at Springfield be opened, and
send back to their caverns the mad winds which
arc driving our good ship of Stat$ to destruction.
Again I say, those who are responsible in this
crisis must not be allowed to hide themselves nor
to shrink from their duty. We must keep stead-
ily in our eyes those with whom the power rests
to rescue the country from its peril; and therefore
I do not concur in some of the criticisms which
have been made upon the organization of this com-
mittee by the Speaker. I would have been pleased
to see the honorable gentleman from Ohio who
last addressed the House [Mr. Vallandigham]
upon the committee. I would be pleased to see
the distinguished gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
McCi.erhand] likewise upon the committee. My
constituents would have been glad to be assured
of their knowledge, their assiduity, their patriot-
ism, in the councils of that committee; but these
gentlemen, unfortunately, are not in a position to
speak for the Legislatures of Ohio and Illinois;
and I think it was the part of wisdom, I think it
was eminently proper and just in the Speaker, to
place upon that committee leading members of the
dominant party of this House and of the country;
and especially was it right to place upon that com-
mittee, from every State, men identified with the
party that controls the legislation of such State.
So far as this has been done by the Speaker, I am
prepared to commend his action in the discharge
of his difficult and delicate duty.
It is suggested to me, as a checring sign, that
none of the gentlemen on the Republican side of
the chamber have asked to be excused from ser-
vice on this committee; it is regarded as an evi-
dence that they are willing to meet the issue; that
they are prepared to deal with the questions of the
day one way or the other; that they are prepared
to confer with their people at home, and see if
there be such assurance of concession as will be
just to the South and will enable us to go on to-
gether as one people; or whether, on the other
hand, it is impossible to preserve peace between
the sections; that there is no hope left for the Con-
federacy; that the party controlling the legislation
of the northern States is willing to take the re-
sponsibility, beforeGod and the country, of break-
ing up the Confederacy, rather than tolerate sla-
very within the Union. I am glad, therefore, that
these gentlemen have been placed upon this com-
mittee. If I were to allow myself to make any
criticism upon the composition of the committee,
it would be the expression of a regret that gentle-
men even more prominent—more ultra, if you
will; more closely identified with the real life and
strength of the Republican party—were notplaced
upon it. I would like to see in this House, and
in the Senate, committees composed largely of
men who are authorized to speak for the Repub-
lican party; of men who are intimate in the coun-
sels of the President elect; of men whose voice is
potential in the Legislatures of their respective
States; and then, if they are willing to bring be-
fore this Congress a report recommending meas-
ures which gentlemen from the South can accept
and go home to their constituents and ask them
to accept, there is some prospect, at least some
possibility, of emerging from this crisis with dig-
nity, with success, and with honor. Otherwise
there is none. The sad question that we would
have, alone to consider then would be, how to
terminate this work which was so gloriously
begun, and which has been, thus far, so success-
fully conducted.
Air. Speaker, I hear a great deal said of propo-
sitions to amend the Constitution. I trust that
there may be some reason to expect justice "and
conciliation through that channel. But, sir, for
one, I have a deep distrust of the capacity of this
