1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
RICHARD CIIENERY.
Mr. BURCH. I ask that the Committee of
the Whole House may be discharged from the
further consideration of House bill No. 171, for
the relief of Richard Chenery.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object.
VAN CAMP, CHAPIN, AND OTHERS.
Mr. FOUKE. I ask that the Committee of
the Whole House be discharged from the further
consideration of House bill No. 772, for the relief
of Van Camp, Chapin, and others.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I object.
MARIA CORNELL.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee'on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to
Maria Cornell, widow of George Cornell; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
RULES AND ARTICLES OF WAR.
Mr. HUGHES, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a revision of the rules and
articles of war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUGHES, also fromthe same committee,,
reported the following resolution; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the icport of the
Committee on Military Affairs on revision of the rules and
articles of war be printed, and tlj.it two hundred and fifty
copies be furnished the Adjutant General for disbui&ement
among officers of the Army.
GEORGE C. DAVIS.
Mr. STOKES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the papers in the case of George
C Davis may be withdrawn from the files of the
House, and returned to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Mallorv,] who presented them.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
JOHN P. MILTON.
Mr. PEYTON, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is
hereby, authorized and requited to ascertain the tune during
winch John Milton peiionned the whole cleiieal duties
of the. commandant'.^ cilice at the late navy-yaid, at Mem-
pills, Tennesisee, mid allow hun the (nil compensation paid
for Mich dunes at the navy-yard at Gosporf, Virginia; and
that wlmtevt i balanee ol that < <>njp<'iwifion remains due
to said John P. Milton, be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
THOMAS FORSTER.
Mr. HALE I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private. Calendar from the
further consideration of House bill No. 984, for
the relief of Thomas Forster, and to put the same
on its passage.
The bill was read. It directs that there be paid
to Thomas Forster, the sum of #2,250, for ser-
vices in taking care of the public proneity at
Dunkirk harbor, in the State of New York, for
three years and one month, namely: from Decem-
ber 1, 1856, to December 31, 1859, both days in-
clusive, at two dollars per day.
There being no objection, the bill was brought
before the House for consideration.
The bill was ordered to rngiossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the lull was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to rrconsidei on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J. J. LINTS.
Mr. BABBITT. 1 ask the consent of the
House to discharge the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar from the further
consideration of Senate bill No. 233, for the re-
lief of J. J. Lints, and that the same may be put
on its passage.
Mr. K1LGORE. I object.
PAGES AND FOLDERS.
Mr. SPINNER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Accounts to present the following res-
olution :
ticsnlve<}, That the Committee of Accounts ate hereby
authorized and requned to otille and adjust the claims of
such boys or pages who were in the service of the House
under the resolution of the House of March 9,1860, not ex-
ceeding ten m number: and that said committee are fur-
ther authorized and directed to adjust the claims of the
seveial book and other folders appointed by the Doorkeeper
of the House, and to allow each what may appear to «,n.id
committee to be just and equitable; and the accounts so
adjusted, together with such claims as were passed and
allowed by the Committee of Accounts of the Thirty-
Fourth Confess, shall be paid out of the contingent fund
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York whether he has given this
matter his personal examination, and is satisfied
that nothing will be paid under it except in pay-
ment of labor actually and honestly performed,
under a bona fide contract? If he has, I will not
object to it.
Mr. SPINNER. It will be recollected that,
upon the last day of the first session of the pres-
ent Congress, this same resolution was offered.
The rules were suspended for that purpose, by a
vote of nearly three to one. The motion was
made for the House to adjourn, and the yeas and
nays called upon it, for the purpose of consuming
the time of the House until the period fixed for
the expiration of the session had arrived. The
resolution was thus defeated. After that indorse-
ment by the House, however, the Committee of
Accounts went on to settle and audit these ac-
counts. The Treasury Department has refused
to pay the accounts, on the ground that we were
not authorized to pass upon them—upon a more
technical objection. We adjusted the accounts,
I believe, satisfactorily to every member of the
committee. We allowed §1 50 per day, only, to
the book-folders for the time they were actually
in attendance.
Mr. MAYNARD. I did not intend to trouble
the gentleman from New York to go into all the
details of the case. If the gentleman will give
me his personal assurance that none but proper
accounts shall be passed, I will not object.
Mr. SPINNER. AH the accounts will be
passed in such a manner as will be satisfactory
to every member of the committee.
Mr. BURNETT, if the gentleman from New
York will add a proviso which I will suggest, I
have no objection to the adoption of the resolution.
Unless he will adopt that pioviso, much as I dis-
like to interfere in a matter of this kind, I shall
be compelled to object. The proviso 1 suggest is,
that no accounts shall be paid under this resolu-
tion until they shall have been first audited by the
Treasury Department.
My reason for wishing this proviso added, if the
gentleman from New York will allow me, is,
that this House has been annoyed, ever since I
have been a member upon this floor, by applica-
tions for the settlement of the accounts of the em-
ployes of the House, so that it has become almost
impossible to ascertain what is the number of per-
sons employed by the House, or the amount of
their compensation. Every session, since my
service in this House commenced, we have had
propositions coming in here for the settlement of
accounts of persons employed in and about this
Capitol. I think this is all wrong. Now, that
the chairman of the Committee of Accounts is
upon the floor, 1 desire to say that, in my judg-
ment, there is no abuse calling more loudly tor
the action of the House of Representatnes than
the very matter of the regulation of the employ-
ment of persons about this Capitol, and then-
compensation.
Mr. SPINNER. I will say to the gentleman
that 1 propose to report from the Committee of
Accounts—perhaps to-morrow, certainly very
soon—a bill regulating this very matter, by which
a saving of from thirty to sixty thousand dollars
will be effected to the Government, per annum.
Mr. BURNETT. I am very glad the gentle-
man from New York has come to that detei mina-
tion; and lam almost sorry that I have called forth
the announcement; for I tell you, I would rather
fight almost any power upon the face of this earth
than to fight the combined influence of the intelli-
gent gentlemen who are employed about this
House.
Mr. SPINNER. I think we shall be able to
carry the bill through the House, if the gentleman
will stand by us.
Mr. BURNETT. Well, sir, having confidence
in the Committee of Accounts, that they will not,
under this resolution, consent to pass any account
for services not actually performed, and that they
will allow no claim for extra compensation, I am
willing to risk the matter in their hands without
the proviso I have suggested; and I will make no
objection to the resolution in its present form.
Mr. ALLEN. If I believed that these claims
for services as folders were meritorious, I certainly
should not object to this resolution. But I have
some personal knowledge of the manner in winch
some of these employes obtained their positions.
It will be remembered that, during the two months
of the last session in which the House remained
unorganized, there were a laige number of per-
sons here for the purpose of obtaining positions.
Many of them were, of course, disappointed.
Some of them wentinto the folding-room as piece-
folders, for which they would be entitled to forty
cents per hundred for folding, which amount they
have received; and notwithstanding the fact that
they were told by myself and others that, if they
went there as piece-folders, they must rely upon
the regular compensation,and would not be paid
by the day, yet they nevertheless went with the
expectation that they would be able to obtain the
passage of a resolution for the payment of a per
diem compensation in the last days of the ses-
sion. I opposed these claims at the last session
of Congress, and the House adjourned finally
without passing the resolution; but a majority of
the committee, without the passage of the reso-
lution, passed the accounts which went to the
Treasury Department, which, as- I think very
properly, refused to pay them. I think the reso-
lution ought not to pass; and I object to it.
Mr. CAREY. I want exactly'to understand
the character of this resolution; and I hope it will
be again read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. CAREY. I want to submit a few remarks.
Mr. ALLEN. If the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Accounts will permit the resolution to be
so amended that it will only provide for the pages
employed at the last session, I will not object to
it. If it be not so amended, 1 must insist on my
objection.
Mr. CAREY. Mr. Speaker, I enter my pro-
test againsta practice which* has grown up m this
House in relation to its employes. I do not know
exactly how these men and boys have been em-
ployed; but I have understood that the House
has, by resolution, fixed the number and pay of
those engaged in its service. Notwithstanding
that, I learn, a great many have been put in po-
sitions indirectly, and without the warrant of the
House, and that, at the close of a session, res-
olutions are introduced to pay them salaries. In
this way persons are employed when their ser-
vices are not needed, and are paid out of the Treas-
ury, adding still further, and without profit to us,
to the now very large expenditures of the Gov-
ernment. 1 n the folding-room of this House, most
of the time, half the force employed there are not
at work. There ought to be a fixed determination
in the minds of members to reject all claims not
provided for by law. If that were so, we would
have none of these resolutions in future forced
through the House.
Mr. SPINNER. In regard to the folding-room,
| I will inform the gentleman that there is a spcci-
| fied number agreed upon by the committee of the
House, "notexceedingfivefolders." The others
fold by piece—at so much a hundred—and it is
immaterial to the House whether ten or a hundred
are employed. I move that the resolution be put
upon its passage.
Mr. ALLEN. I insist upon my objection,
unless the resolution is modified to the extent I
have stated.
Mr. SPINNER. I move, then, that the rules
be suspended, in order that I may introduce the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now in
order.
Mr. ALLEN. I tell my colleague on the Com-
mittee of Accounts that 1 will withdraw my ob-
jection, if he will so amend the resolution that it
will only provide for the pages who served at the
last session.
Mr. SPINNER. I withdraw the resolution for
the present.
IIENRY IIEWSON.
Mr. FRENCH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar be dischaisrcd
from the further consideration of House bill No.
