1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
tion of the special order has arrived. It may come
up to-morrow, or it may not.
Mr. SHERMAN, ft will come up to-morrow
as unfinished business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Webster] is entitled tothefloor,upon
the special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Maryland to give way a moment, to allow
me to move to postpone the special order long
enough to putuponitspassageabill, which I will
send up.
Mr. GrARNETT. I object to the gentleman
yielding the floor, unless he yields it uncondi-
tionally.
Mr. WEBSTER. I have no objection to giv-
ing way to the gentleman from Ohio, if I do not
lose my right to the floor thereby.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Maryland yield to the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. WEBSTER. I do, if I can have the floor
after the gentleman from Ohio has finished his
business.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move to postpone
the spceial order.
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to a point of order.
If objection is made, the gentleman from Mary-
land cannot yield the floor to the gentleman from
Ohio, unless he does it unconditionally.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman yields the
floor unconditionally.
Mr. GARNETT. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to postpone.
The yem and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not trespass upon
the time of the gentleman from Maryland now.
The bill 1 desired to bring up is one providing for
the public credit. I withdraw my motion for the
present; but when the gentleman gets through,
I will move to postpone the spccinl order until
to-morrow, for the purpose of passing the bill.
Mr. SICKLES. 1 rise to a personal explana-
tion, in reference to a motion made this morning
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] 1
desire only to say, that the gentleman from Ohio
sought to reconsider the vote of the flonse by
which the bill) called up this morning was passed;
and assigned us his reason that the date of the
pension went back to 1849. That objection im-
plies that the House has not passed suck bills
heretofore, and that the objection is peculiar to the
bill I called up. I desire to say that the House
lias passed fifty such bills, and more than a dozen
of them during this Congress. 1 could furnish the
gentleman with a long catalogue of such laws, and
among them the bill for the relief of Mrs. Gaines.
Mr. SHERMAN. Kills have seldom been
passed antedating the pension ten or twelve years.
It was done in the case of Mrs. Games, 1 know;
but certainly never for the widow of a doctor of
the United States Army.
Mr. SICKLES. Pensions should not depend
upon the distinction of the person, but upon the
merits of the ease
STATE OF THE UNION.
The SPEAKER stated that the special order
was now under consideration; and that on that
question the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Webster] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WEBSTER addressed the House for an
hour. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
CLAIM 01'' II. M. RICE.
Mr. BLAKE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
con&ideied, and agieod to:
Result at, That the aeUn? Secretary of the Interior foe
requesK d to nifVuni the House,
1. Wlmhet a claim of the assignee of lion. II. AT. Ricf,
amounting to about twenty-lour thousandiloIJar.s,(§2-1,000 )
ha?, been jiasd.
i2. If bo, how long has said claim been pending before the
Department; and whether any ConnmsMonerot the Indian
buiemi or Secretary ofthe Inteiior. Iia« heietofoie rejected
said fJann. oi refused to estimate ior it; if so, the reasons
for such icjection or refusal.
'<i. Whether .«;ud claim, if paid, was or was not referred
for settlement to the Second Auditor and other accounting
otliccis ot {he Tieasury, ah is usual in such cases ; and if
not, the reasons theiefor.
4. What is the nature of such claim; and what was the
contract between Hon. II. M. Iticc and the Government
for the removal of the Winnebago*.
MESSAGE .FROM THE SENATE.
A meBsuge was received from the Senate, by Mr
Patton, one of its clerks, informing the House
that the Senate had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference upon the bill to supply
deficienciesin the appropriations for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 3861.
Also, that the Senate insist upon their amend-
ments, disagreed to by the House, to the amend-
ments of the House to the bill of the Senate in
reference to the jeorganization of the Patent Of-
fice; and also insist upon their disagreement to
the amendments insisted upon by the House to
said bill; and agree to the conference asked by
the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
GOVERNMENT LOAN.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now submit my motion,
that the special order be postponed until to-mor-
row after the morning hour; and upon that I call
the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS. Permit-me to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from Ohio, as also to gen-
tlemen upon this side of the House. I understand
the object of postponing the special order is to
enable the gentleman to introduce a bill reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means. For one,
; I am willing that it shall be introduced, provided
its consideration shall be postponed until to-mor-
row.
Mr. SHERMAN. It would be overslaughed
by the special order to-morrow.
Mr. PHELPS. You can make this bill the
special order, and you can to-morrow postpone
the other special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I can get the unanimous
consent of the House to make the bill the special
order for one o'clock precisely to-morrow, so that
all other business shall be postponed, and we may
have a vote upon the bill then, I have no objection.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make a suggestion
to the gentleman. For my own part—and I think
I can speak also for some others upon this side
of the House, from my knowledge of their views
—1 am willing to proceed to the consideration of
the bill which the gentleman holds in his hand
to-morrow at any time he pleases, with no stipu-
lation, however, as to the time when the vote shall
be taken, but with the expectation that the vote
will be taken to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 prefer, then, to do my
duty, and press the bill now. It must be passed
to-day or to-monow. It is a simple bill, and con-
tains nothing that every man cannot understand.
I move, therefore, to postpone the special order
until to-morrow.
Mr. PHELPS. I thought I had acceded to the
gentleman's proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman did not. He
was unwilling that any hour should be fixed for
taking the vote.
Mr! PHELPS. I desire to present my opin-
ions on the bill, for I cannot vote for it, and I am
not ready to present them now.
Mr. McCLERNAND. If this debate is not in
Older, I object to it.
Mr. PI IKLPS. I then ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion to postpone. If it cannot be
accomplished in one way, it can in another
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to say a word to the
gentleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is on the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio to postpone the consideiation of the special
order until one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. PHELPS. I presume the gentleman from
Ohio can have a vote on the bill which he desires
to report by two o'clock to-morrow. There will
be no desire, I think, to impede it or to prevent
the House from coming; to a vote on the question.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask that the bill be read for
information. It may guide the votes of many gen-
tlemen upon this motion.
Mr. PHELPS. I assure the gentleman from
Ohio that I will aid him to come to a vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the bill be read;
and if I can have it understood that immediately
after the morning hour and after the unfinished
business has been disposed of, I may have a vote
on the bill, I will consent that it shall go over.
The bill to amend the several acts authorizing
loans was read. The first section provides that,
in place of any part of the loans now authorized J
by law, the President be authorized to issue bonds !
of the United States, of a denomination of not less
than fifty dollars, bearing not to exceed six per
cent, interest, payable annually or semi-annually,
at his discretion, and running not to exceed twenty
years, and, at his discretion, to attach to any of
such bonds, coupons for the interest thereon; and
he is also authorized to apply such bonds at par
to the payment of such creditors of the Govern-
ment as choose to receive them, provided that the
aggregate amount issued under this act and the
acts now in force authorizing loans, shall not
exceed the amount authorized by said acts.
The second section authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to employ and pay such additional
clerical force as he may deem necessary to enable
him to execute the act, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
Mr. BARR. Is that bill the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Treasury ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The only difference between
the Secretary of the Treasury and the Committee
of Ways and Means is this: the Secretary thought
the bonds ought not to be under the amount of
$100. We thought they might be issued as low as
fifty dollars, in order that they might be used more
expeditiously in the payment of public dues.
Mr. SICKLES. Is this bill necessary for the
promotion of the public credit now ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do believe that it is abso-
lutely necessary for the preservation of the public
credit against a combination of bankers.
Mr. SICKLES. I understood that to be Ae
case, and 1 hope the bill will be considered now.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Has this bill been the
subject of consultation between the Secretary of
the Treasury and the Committee of Ways and
Means?
Mr. SHERMAN. It has.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Does it meet with his
approbation ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It does, except that he
thinks the minimum amount of the bonds author-
ized to be issued is too small.
Mr. PHELPS. I am willing that the bill shall
be made the special order for to-morrow, imme-
diately after reading of the Journal.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill must go to the
Senate and become a law before Saturday next,
when the bids are to be opened. If we "do not
pass it to-day, there is no use in passing it at all.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust we shall proceed
with the bill now. The country is in a suffering
condition, and this is looked to as a means of
relief everywhere. For my own part, I cannot
see why there should be any objection to it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sher-
man's motion; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 124, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cliatles F. Adams, Adrain, Aldrieh, Al-
len, Alley, Thomas L. Ahdeison, William (J. Andeison,
Ban-, Bingham, Blan, Blake, Biayton, Briggs, Blistow,
Bulliiiloii, Builingame, iiuniham, Butteifield. Campbell,
Carey, Case, Conkltng, Conway, Cormn, Covode, Cox,
Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgerlon, Eliot, Ely, Etiieridge,
Fainswoith, Fenton,Floienee,Fiank, Gilmer, Goocl), Gra-
ham, Grow, Hale, Hall, Hamilton, John T. ilari is, Hei-
miek, Hoaid, Hoiinan, William Howard,William A. How-
ard, Humphrey, Hiit-linis, livine, Junkiii,Francis XV. Kel-
logg, William KeKogg, Ivenyoh.lulgore, Killmger, I.aria-
bee, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longneckei\ Loomis, Love-
joy, Mcirstoi], MeCleriniad, McKean,MeKenty, MeKmght,
McPhrrson, Mlllwn, Millward, Montgomery, Mooihcad,
Moirill, Edward Joy Moms, Isaac N. Morns, Morse, Nel-
son, Niblack, Nixon, Noell, Olin, Palmer, Penv, Pettit.
Pej ton, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds, EieeJ
Christopher ltohinsoil, Hoyce, Scianton, Sedgwick. Sher-
man, Sickles, Simms, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Ste-
vens,William Stewart, Stokes, Stiatton, Tappan, Theaker,
Tompkins, Train, Vailandigham, Vandever. Van Wjek,
Wade, Waldron, Walton, CadwaladerC. Washburn, Ellihu
B. Washburne, Webster, Wells, Wmdom, Wood, and
WoodiulF—1-34.
NAYS — Messrs. Avery, Barret, Bocock, Biabson,
Brown, Burnett, Jolm IS. Claik, James Craig, Button
Craige, John G. Davis, De Jainette, Edinundson. Fouke,
Gainett, fiatton, Kunkel, Jjeake, Logan, Maclay/Malloiy,
Laban T. Moore, Phelps. Pivor, dearies, lii"gs, James C.
Itobinson, Ruflui, William N. 11. Smith, Thomas, Vance,
Window, Woodson, and Wright—33.
So the further consideration of the special
oider was postponed until to-morrow at one
o'clock, p.m.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ROLMAN stated that his colleagues,
Messrs. Wilson and English had paired off.
Mr. HINDMAN stated that he had paired off,
for the rest of the day, with Mr. Tuatec.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
