42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
4
to report the bill, and that it be considered at this
time.
There being ho objection, a bill to authorize the
issue of Treasury notes and for other purposes
was read a first and second time by its tide.
The bill was then read in extenso. It author-
izes the issue, under the usual regulations anil up
to 1863, of Treasury notes for such sums as the
exigencies of the public service may require, not
at any time to exceed the amount of $10,000,000,
and of denominations not less than 8100.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, the House
will perceive that the bill now before us is a mere
temporary expedient to provide for the pressing
■demands upon the Treasury. Most of the mem-
bers are aware that the Government hasnotljeen
•able to pay, for the last week or two, our own
salaries, and many other demands at New York
and other places. The revenues have fallen short
during the iast week, amounting, I believe, to but
^250,000. Most of the revenues are now paid in
Treasury notes. This bill authorizes the issue
of §10,000,000 of Treasury notes for temporary
purposes. It does not increase the public debt,
it only provides a mode of paying outstanding
Treasury notes. The amount of Treasury notes
now outstanding is indeed in excess of the amount
authorized by this bill; so that the bill provides
for no increase of the public debt.
I might here rest what I have to say aboutthis
bill; but it is proper for me to add that it will be
necessary for the House very soon and promptly
to consider some other measures of relief. On
the 1st of July last there was in the Treasury
$3,629,206, a balance entirely too small to carry on
the ordinary operations of the Treasury. During
the first quarter of the fiscal year the expenditures
exceeded the receipts some two hundred thousand
dollars, and there are now unpaid appropriations
to the amount of ten or fifteen millions.
The receipts during the current quarter will prob-
ably fall short several millions of the necessary
expenditures; and, if we arc to judge from the
temper of the times, the distress in the country,
and the political difficulties that surround us, it is
probable that during the remaining three quarters
of this fiscal year there will be a deficiency of from
ten to fifteen million dollars. This is not the fault
of this House; but it is the fault of our revenue
laws. For the last three years we have been living
upon the credit of the Government. I have a pa-
per before me showing that since the 1st of July,
1857, we have been going in debt to the extent of
nearly fifty million dollars. In the fiscal year
cnding30th.Tune, 1858, the deficiency, or excess of
payments over revenue, amounted to $27,162,188.
In the next fiscal year it amounted to §15,902,932.
During the last fiscal year it amounted to the sum
of $6,725,000; and according to the statement
already made, during the present fiscal year, the
deficiency has been not less than from fifteen to
twenty million dollars. I have prepared a state-
ment which shows at a glance the changed condi-
tion of the state of our finances in three years:
Oil tlio ],st dayof July, 18o7,the entire debt of Government,
nftcr deducting the balance then in the Tioasury, vvua
1,3.1(1.-J?-' (kI, as Jrillou'.s :
Public debt $29,0G0,38S 00
Balance In Treasury  17,710,111 27
$11,350,373 63
Oil the 1st day of July, 1858, tlie amount of the entire
funded debt was $-25,155,977 66
Treasury notes  10,754,800 00
Total del)t  44,910,777 66
Balance in Treasury  6,398,316 10
8,512,461 56
On the 1st dayof July, 1859, the amount of the entire
funded debt was $43,601,037 69
Treasury notes  15,153,661 64
Total debt    58,754.660 33
Balance in Treasury  4,339,275 54
§54,415,393 79
On the let day of July, 1860, the amount of the entire
funded debt was $45,079,203 00
Treasury notes  19,690,500 00
Total debt  64,769,703 00
Balance in Treasury  3,629,206 00
$61,140,497 00
It is manifest, therefore, that the House, in
order to preserve tlie credit of the Governmcat,
ought to make some change in the revenue laws,
or to decrease the expenditures. We must cither,
by a bold stroke, reduce the expenditures to
fifteen or twenty million dollars, or contract new
loans, or raise new revenues. The bill now
pending in the Senate, I need not inform the
members of the House, authorizes a loan of
some $20,000,000, and, in addition to that, pro-
vides for increasing the revenue. If that bill
should pass, and if the present disturbed political
condition of the country be healed up, then the
annual revenue would amply cover our expendi-
tures upon the basis of existing laws and salaries;
but with the present difficulties, and with our
present revenue laws, it is manifest that this bill
will not bo the last loan bill or the last Treasury
note bill that the Committee of Ways and Means
will have to report to the House. The provisions
of the bill are similar to the provisions of the act
of 1857. It simply authorizes a temporary loan,
and provides that that part of the loan authorized
by the act of 22d June last, not already contracted
for, shall be applied to "the redemption of out-
standing Treasury notes. This is all the state-
ment that I desire to make.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have two amendments
which I desire to present to this bill, and I want
a vote of the House on each of them separately.
The first amendment I propose to have inserted
in the third section of the bill, and in these
words:
And the public lands of these United States arc specifi-
cally pledged to such payment and iedemption. It is here-
by made the duty of the Secretary of the Treasurv to set
apart and apply all moneys winch may be received into tlie
Tieasury troni tlie sales of public lands from the 1st day of
January, lbGl: to such payment and redemption, until all
the notes issued under the piesent authority shall be entirely
paid off according to the obligation exposed thciem.
I desire to say, in support of this amendment,
that I have been at all tiiws in favor of this dis-
position of the public lands. I think it is right
and proper that the public lands should be set
apart for the payment of the public debt of the
country, and that they should be used for that
purpose alone. I will say to the House, in addi-
tion, that there are reasons now operating on my
mind which make it the more important that we
who are of the opinion that there can be no per-
manent peace between the North and South should
the more rigidly ask of our friends of the North
who intend to do us justice that they shall set
apart and specifically appropriate the money aris-
ing from the sales of public lands to meet the
public debt. We do not desire, in any settlement
or negotiation that may follow the events now
pressing upon us, to be called upon by the re-
maining States to bring forward from our States
that may retire from the Confederacy any quota
of the public debt, so long as the agent of the ori-
ginal States shall retain all the assets in its hands
which we hold ought to be appropriated for that
purpose. It is for these reasons that I desire a
vote on this amendment, as well as for the rea-
son that I believe it is the proper disposition to
make of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, even if there was no such contingency as
that to which I have alluded.
Mr. PHELPS. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Georgia that he will accomplish his
purpose by the first portion of his amendment,
specifically pledging the proceeds arising from
the sales of public lands for the redemption of the
Treasury notes authorized to be issued by this
act. That would accomplish his object, without
having this other matter of detail presented, which
might causc some trouble in the appropriation of
money. The money is needed at present.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I cannot agree to the
proposition of the gentleman from Missouri. It
is that I should strike oft' from the amendment
which I have proposed all except the words
specifically pledging the public lands to the pay-
ment of the debt. I propose not only to pledge
specifically the public lands to the payment of this
debt, but also to appropriate all the money that
may be received after the 1st of January next, from
the sales of public lands, to the payment of these
Treasury notes. I therefore desire that the vote
of the House shall be first had on the entire
amendment; and if it should be defeated, then
the gentleman from Missouri can offer so much
of it as he has indicated his desire to support. I
do not think it just to the people of the southern
States that this or any other loan bill should pass,
and that the public lands should be given away
for purposes of internal improvement, or to the
people of the free States for homesteads, while
they are the assets of a common Government,
and ought to be appropriated to the payment
of such pubhe'debt as may be due from these
United States. More particularly is this so,
when it is to be expected that in all probability
the public debt would be a subject-matter of ne-
gotiation between the retiring States and the
others.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask the gentleman
from Georgia on what principle of public justicc
and fair dealing ho asks that a discrimination
should be made in favor of the debt now about to
be contracted?
Mr. CRAWFORD. If the gentleman will go
back to some of the old loan bills passed by Con-
gress, he will find that the public lands have been
specifically pledged for the paymentof that debt.
And I say to the gentleman that, independent of
any action which the southern States may take,
it is nothing but right and proper that, in the
peculiar embarrassment under which the Treas-
ury now labors, we should provide a sufficient
security, so that the notes should not be sold be-
low par. I believe they would be all talcen by
the creditors of the Government at par; but I
think that, with thisadditional security, the notes
will pass from hand to hand at par, which would
be important.
So much for that amendment. I do not care
to multiply remarks on that branch of the sub-
ject. But I will state now, that in the fifteenth
scction of the bill I desire this amendment:
That so much of the act entitled ".An net authorizing a
loan and providing for the redemption of Treasuiy notes,"
appioved June 22,1860, as empowers the President to boi-
row a &um exceeding $10,000,000, is hereby repealed, it
being intended that the amount of Treasuiy notes author-
ized by the piesent act shall take the place of said loan
beyond the sum of $10,000,000 already contracted for.
The object of the amendment is this: last
June Congress authorized a loan of $20,000,000.
It will be remembered by the House, that on the
passage of that'bill I desired to have Treasury
notes issued instead of having a loan contracted.
The Hou.se did not agree with me on that point,
and was not favorable to the issuing of Treasury
notes. The consequence was, that J was forced to
take the loan bill which passed on the 22d of June,
just as it had been offered by my colleague on the
Committee of Ways and Means, the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.]
If we had passed then a Tieasury note bill, I
have been informed by the Department that the
Government could have got along without the
slightest embarrassment; but that the loan bill did.
not afford them the same opportunity of relieving
the Government of its embarrassments. And
therefore it is that the necessity arises now for
the passage of a Treasury note bill, or else sacri-
fice $10,000,000 of the loan bill of the last ses-
sion. When I say sacrifice, I mean that it could
not be 'sold or negotiated except at a discount
much greater than the officers of the Government
would be willing to pay.
But I am informed by the officers at the Treas-
ury Department that, with these $10,000,000 of
Treasury notes, they will not need for the present
the ten or eleven million dollars of the loan of the
last session, which is still subject to the disposal
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and which he
would be authorized at any time to negotiate,
whenever it could be done on reasonable terms;
which, as I have said, cannot be done at present.
I therefore propose, inasmuch as this is to be a
substitute for the remainder of the loan author-
ized in the last session, that the remainder of that
loan shall not be negotiated.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no particular objection
to the bill as reported by the Committee of'Ways
and Means. I have certainly not had an oppor-
tunity of examining it as I would like to do before
voting upon it; but, as at present advised, I shall
vote for the bill.
I do not regard the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Georgia as very essential in"any
of its aspects. I will not, however, on this occa-
sion, attempt to discuss the grave questions of
finance which naturally grow out of the measure
before the House. I wish simply to remark to
the gentleman from Georgia, that, so far as his
amendment pledging the public lands for the re-
