1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1003
Mr. SHERMAN. I now ask leave to report
the bill, and that it be put upon its passage.
Mr. WALTON. I rise to a question of order.
I had a motion pending to suspend the rules when
the House adjourned on Monday last.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ver-
mont insists upon it, that motion is now in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I insist upon the regular order
of business. If there is a motion pending to sus-
pend the rules, holding over from last Monday,
I insist on its being put.
Mr. WALTON. All I ask is, that the House
will suspend the rules and postpone a private bill
until Friday next.
Mr. PHELPS. I insist on the regular order.
Mr. WALTON. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I nowmoveto suspend the
rules, to enable me to introduce this bill, and have
it put upon its passage.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended, (over two thirds voting therefor.)
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. SHERMAN moved the previous question
on the third reading and engrossment of the bill.
Mr. GARNETT. There is an appropriation
in the last clause of the bill, and therefore it must
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
•the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. The rules have been sus-
pended.
Mr, PHELPS. For the introduction of the
bill—not for its consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. I moved to suspend the
rules, to enable me to put the bill on its passage.
Mr. GARNETT. The rule requiring appro-
priation bills to go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union was not suspended.
The SPEAKER. The rules were suspended
to introduce and consider the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I stated distinctly that 1
moved to suspend the rules to introduce the bill
and put it upon its passage.
Mr. GARNETT. I submit that the gentle-
man from Ohio could not move to suspend the
rules for two different purposes at the same time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see it
in that light, but supposes it can be done.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. SHERMAN moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. GARNETT called for the yeas and nays
<®n the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered
The bill was passed.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. RIGGS, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as tiuly enrolled the bill to supply
deficiencies for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1861; when the Speaker signed the
same" TERRITORY OF COLORADO.
Mr. GROW. I ask to take up Senate bill No.
366, to provide a temporary government for the
Territory of Colorado, in order to put it upon its
passage.
Mr. SIMMS. I object.
Mr. GROW. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. SIMMS. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr McCLERNAND. I suggest to the gen-
tleman' from Pennsylvania to fix some day for the
consideration of this bill.
Mr. GROW. Oh, no. Let us pass it to-day.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask to have the bill read. -
' The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
Mr. COX. I ask the Chair whether I can offer
an amendment now ?
The SPEAKER. The bill is not yet before the
House.
The bill was read.
Mr SICKLES. I only desired to have the bill
read in order to see if the Wilmot proviso was in
it. I see that that principle is abandoned.
Mr. COX. Before the question is put I desire
to lifter an amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman cannot offer
any amendment now.
The question being on suspending the rules,
Mr. BURNETT called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was deif|led in
the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adam®, Adrain, Aldrich,
Allen, Alley, Babbitt, Bmgliam, Blan, Blake, Brayton,
Bnggs, Bristow, Bufimton, Burlingame, Buinham, But-
terfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Horace F. Clark,
John Cochrane, Colfax, Conway, Cox, James Craig, John
G. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Ed-
wards, Eliot, Ely, Etlieridgc, Farnsworth, Fenton, Flor-
ence, Frank, French, Goocli, Graham, Grow, Guiley,IIale,
Hal), Helmiek, Hoard, Hoiman, William Howard, Wil-
liam A. Howard, Humphrey, Hutchins, Irvine. Junkin,
Fiancis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Keliyon, Killiriger,
DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker, Loonns, Lovejov,
Maclay, Marston, MeKean, MeKeuty, McKnight, Mc-
pherson, Millwaid, Montgomeiy, Moorhead, Morrill, Ed-
ward Jov Morris, Isaac N.Morris, Niblack, Nixon, Olm,
Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Edwin U. Reynolds, Rlggs,
Christopher Kobinson, James C. Robinson, Itoyce, Seraii-
on, Sedgwick. Spinner, Stanton. Stevens, William Stew-
art, Stokes, Stratton, 'Pappan, Tompkins, Tram, Vande-
ver, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwaiader C. Washburn,
Ellihu R. Washburne, Wells, Windom, Wood, and Wood-
l lift—110.
NAYS—Messrs. William C. Anderson, Avery, Barret,
Bocock, Biabaon, Branch, Brown, Burcb, Burnett, John B.
Clark, Corwin, Burton Craige,De Jainette. Edmundson,
Gamett, Gilmer, J. Moriison Harris, John T. Harris, Hat-
ton, Leake, Mallory, Maynard, Millson, Nelson, Noell,
Peyton, Phelps-, Pryor, ftuarles, Ruffin, Soott, Sickle?,
Snnms, William N.-II. Smith,Thomas, Vallandigham, and
Wright—37.
So (twothirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
During the vote,
Mr. CAREY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Asiii.ey, was absent on account of ill health.
Mr. BRABSON said: I understand that there
is an attempt here to absorb part of the Territory
of Now Mexico. I therefore changc my vote,
and vote "no."
Mr. MALLORY. I voted to suspend the rules;
but in order that the gentleman from New Mex-
ico may have an opportunity of offering an amend-
ment to the bill so as to correct the boundaries, 1
change my vote, and vote " no."
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. I desire to
change my vote from the affirmative to the nega-
tive, for the reason that this bill changes the bound-
aries of Now Mexico.
Mr. BURCH. I understand that there is an
unwillingness to permit thegentleman from New
Mexico to introduce an amendment which he de-
sires to offer. I therefore vote " no."
The result was announced as above recorded.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. GROW. According to an agreement had
with the chairman of the Senate Committee on
Territories, and in order to make this bill corre-
spond with two bills pending in the Senate for
the organization of other Territories, I offer the
following resolution:
In section nine, strike out the following:
" Except oniy that, in all cases involving title to slaves,
the said writs of eiror or appeals shall be allowed and de-
cided by the said supreme comt, williout regard to the value
of the matter, pi operty, or title in controversy ; and except,
also, that a writ of enor oi appeal shall also be allowed to
the Supteme Comt of the United States, lrom the decision
of the said supreme coutt creatcd by this act, 01 ot any
judge thereof, or of the district eouits created b> this act,
or of any judge theieof, upon any writ of habeas corpus in-
volving the question of personal freedom."
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to have an explana-
tion of this amendment.
Mr. HINDMAN. It seems to me that the
gentleman from New Mexico ought certainly to
be permitted to offer his amendment.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania whether it is understood that an
opportunity will be given to offer amendments
after his shall be disposed of?
Mr. GROW. The gentleman will understand
exactly what I mean, when he heais my motion.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania allow me to make a sug-
gestion ? "
" Mr. GROW. Not now. I propose to strike
out what has been 3'ead by the Cleik, on an
understanding with the chairman of the Senate
Committee on Territories, that this bill should
conform, in its phraseology, to two other bills
reported in the Senate. .
Mr. PHELPS. Just at that point, I desire to
inquire if wc are not acting now oil a Senate bi II r
Mr. GROW. We are acting on a Senate bill
to organize the Territory of Colorado, which was
called Idaho in the bill reported in the House;
The Committee on Territories in the Senate have
reported two other bills—one for Nevada and one
for Dakota. The bill for the organization of Ne-
vada was taken up in the Senate on Saturday, and
was left undisposed of. As there is nothing said
anywhere else in the bill in regard to slaves, then
this extract should be struck out.' If we are to
organize a government for this people, we ought
to do it in a way to secure for them a government
by passing a bill which will meet the approbation
of the legislative and executive departments of
the Government.
Now, to give the boundaries of this Territory
in brief, it proposes to take what is left of Kansas
Territory upon the admission of Kansas into the
Union as a State; it takes from the Territory of
Nebraska one degree in width—extends to Utah,
taking two degrees of longitude from that Territo-
ry; and it takes also one degree from New Mexico,
including that portion forming the notch, which
gentlemen will see on the map between the thir-
ty-seventh and thirty-eighth degrees of latitude.
Thesouthern boundary of theTerritory willthere- .
fore be the thirty-seventh degree of north latitude.
The eastern boundary is 25° of longitude west
from Washington, corresponding with 102° from
Greenwich. The western boundary is 32° from
Washington. Thenorthern boundary corresponds
with the forty-first parallel of north latitude, mak-
ing in all something over one hundred arid four
thousand square miles.
That portion of the Territory comprising what
remained of Kansas Territory, according to the
returns of the census taken five or six months
ago, as furnished me by the Superintendent of the
Census, contains a little rising of thirty-four thou-
sand inhabitants. That taken from New Mexico,
from the best evidence I can obtain—for the cen-
sus returns as yet furnish no data—contains about
twenty-five hundred or three thousand inhabit-
ants.
Mr. OTERO. Seven thousand.
Mr. GROW. That is the gentleman's opin-
ion. There are no census returns, and I believe
the population will not exceed three thousand.
The portion taken from Nebraska contains three,
four, or five thousand. So that the whole Terri-
tory, fjem the best information I have, will con-
tain a population of from forty-five to fifty thou-
sand; more than were residing in the Territory
of Oregon when it was admitted into the Union
as a State. Here, sir, is a population, as I have
said, of forty-five or fifty thousand, living under
the control of no organized government, and ac-
knowledging no law but that of the bowie-knife
and revolver. In my opinion, thay are entitled to
a government at the hands of the Congress of the
"United States. I now move the previous ques-
tion on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. BOCOCK. With the permission of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I want to ask him
whether he has any information that the people
living in that portion of the territory now included
in New Mexico, numbering, as my friend behind
me [Mr. Otero] says, seven thousand, desire to
be put into this new Territory; and if he has no
such information, is he not willing that the bound-
aries be so changed as to leave these people within
their present territorial limits and under the ter-
ritorial organization of New Mexico, with which
they seem to be satisfied? I admit that the lines,
as the gentleman from Pennsylvania would run
them, exhibit more beauty and grace; but if they
cannot be preserved consistent with usefulness
and justice to the people concerned, I think Ave
ought to change them. I have not so much po-
etry and fancy about me as the gentleman has;
and prefer, myself, in this matter, to sacrifice
beauty and grace to right and justice.
Mr. GROW. The only difference between the
gentleman and myself is as to what constitutes
such a sacrifice. 1 believe he is quite as poetical
as I am; and I certainly do not yield to him in
advocating right or justice.
Now, sir, the Committee on Territories have
had this matter under consideration for the last
three sessions of Congress, and they have uni-
formly agreed that the boundaries now fixed were
proper ones. And why? If you taKe their social
relations as a political community—having no
refetence, of course, to party politics—you will
find that there is a large tract of land, comprising
