44:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
been accomplished, it is in tiie discretion of Congress to
dispose of them in sucli a way as best to conduce to the
quiet, harmony, and general interest of the American peo-
ple, 5? * * * ******
"It oaanot be doubled ttiatthespeedysettlementof these
lands constitute the true interests of the Republic. The
wealth and stiengtli of a country are its population, and
the best part of that population are the cultivators of the
soil. Independent faimers are everywhere the basis of
society and true friends of liberty." * * * *
"It seems to me to be our true policy, that the public
lands shall cease as soon as practicable to be a source of
revenue, and that they be sold to settlers, in limited par-
cels, at a pric& barely sufficient to reimburse to the United
States the expense of the present system and the cost aris-
ing under our Indian compact." .
That is the basis of the homestead policy—that
you shall cease to cxact from the pioneers who set-
tle your wildernesses any of their earnings, except
such as may be required to pay the necessary ex-
penses of the land offices; and that you shall not
compel them, in order to enjoy one of God's bless-
ings to man, to devote the best half of their lives in
sustaining, in idleness and extravagance, non-
resident land speculators. They aslf, under the
homestead policy, that you shall no longer take
from these men the privilege of enjoying this
blessing, any more than you would take from
them the privilege of enjoying God's sunlight
and atmosphere, or quaffing from the rivers and
rills that flow from the mountains. Under the
policy of this amendment you impose this burden,
by tying up the discretion of Congress; and I only
quote General Jackson to-day, to show that we
stand by the old hero of the Hermitage, whose
patriotism was no less than was the genial warmth
of his humanity for his country and his race. In
another part of his message ho says:
" To put an end forever to all partial and Interested le-
gislation on the subject, and to afford evciy American of
enterpiise the opportunity of securing nil independent free-
hold, it seems to me, thercfoie, best to abandon tile idea of
raising a future revenue out of tile public lands.''
And why should not the Governmcntcease this
policy, when it has Jakcn this large amount from
the earnings of men who have built up your great
empires in the wilderness, whose bones and sin-
ews have hud die corner-stone of great empires,
adding to the greatness and glory of the Republic,
and contributing to tlic advancement of science
and civilization? Sir, God knows that man is
born to a hard fate enough who is born into this
world of misery and woe, compelled from neces-
sity to earn his daily bread by his daily toil, with-
out imposing upon him unnecessary burdens by
unjust legislation of his country. When you
take from him his earnings for the more privilege
of enjoying one of God's blessings to man, what
greater injustice can bo perpetrated upon him?
we ask, then, that these lands be set apart and
dedicated forever in free homes for free men; and
that no mortgage shall be imposed upon them
which shall bind the discretion of their repre-
sentatives in their disposition of tliem,
Air. CRAW FORD. I have only a word to say
in reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, (
nnderslood him to say that it required more than
four hundred million dollars, at the present rate
of duties, to raise sufficient revenue to carry on
the Government. I had supposed, from what 1
had heard so frequently fall from gentlemen upon
that side of the lloor, that, when they should take
upon themselves the administration of the Gov-
ernment, they would require nothing like the
amount which has been required during the Dem-
ocratic Administration.
Mr. GROW. What I stated was, that under
the present scale of duties, if you raise sixty or
seventy million, or thereabouts—which you must
do if you pay the current expenses, a good deal
less than they are now, and provide for a debt
already incurred—you must have an importa-
tion, under the present tariff, of not less than
$450,000,000 of imported goods.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I undeistood the gentle-
man perfectly. I knew his position. I only de-
sire to say, in reply to that portion of his remarks,
that I have no idea that his party will administer
the Government for less than a hundred million,
if the whole Government is administered.
But he asks if there is any greater injustice than
to deny to the pioneers who go out and settle this
western country a title to the soil upon which
they can settle. I think I can see a greater injus-
tice in taking this public Kind and giving it away,
while its proceeds should be used as a common
fund for the purpose of carrying on the Govern-
ment and paying its expenses. General Jackson
and his message have been brought before the
House and country by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, I believe, on more than four occasions
preceding the present time; and I will say that the
circumstances under which General Jackson made
these remarks were widely different from the cir-
cumstances which now surround us. It would be
much more unjust to us that the public lands
should be given away, and that the tariff of duties
should be raised to the very highest possible
amount, and levied upon those of us who believe
we pay the most of those duties. To give away
the assets by which the Government is to be sup-
ported ; to give away the public lands to the people
of your States, and then raise the tariff of duties
upon us for the purpose of carrying on your Gov-
ernment, seems to me to be an act of greater injus-
tice than to refuse a mere gift to those persons who
may desire to go and settle upon the public lands
at the West without the payment of money.
Mr. GROW. I do not know that I understood
the gentleman. I think he spoke of giving away
the public lands to the people of a particular
State.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Not at all.
Mr. GROW. Under the homestead bill, the
principle applies to all the States.
Mr. CRAWFORD. So 1 understand; yet the
gentleman is well aware that it practically ex-
cludes the people of the southern States.
Mr. GROW. 1 would ask the gentleman if
there are not public lands in the southern States
still undisposed of?
Mr. CRAWFORD, . There are some lands
"which have not yet been disposed of.
Mr. GROW. Then, as the bill applies to all
the land States, how does it cxcludc them?
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman knows
very well thatitis notto the public lands of those
States that lie desires particularly that the home-
stead bill should apply.
Mr. GROW. I desire that it should apply to
all the States.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire a vote now upon
the amendment which I have offered, and 1 call
the previous question upon it.
Mr. BURNETT. Before the previous question
is called I wish to ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means a question.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Mr< BURNETT. I desire to know how long,
under the act passed last June, the President has
power to negotiate the loan of $20,000,000?
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the operation of the
pending bill, the loan bill will be extended over,
and the President will be authorized to negotiate
the balance of the loan to redeem these Treasury
notes, and for no other purpose. This bill sim-
ply substitutes, for the time being, Treasury
notes in the place of the loan, and authorizes the
loan to bo completed at some future time when-
ever the public, credit will justify it.
Mr. BURNETT. I would ask the chairman
of the committee another question. Does lie
believe that, without pledging the public lands
specifically for the payment of this public debt,
the Treasury notes authorized by 1 his act will
pass at par?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt of it. I
do not believe that pledging tile public lands will
add one particle to their negotiability. It i.s the
faith of the United States that gives these bonds
credit, and not the mortgage of kinds.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 now move the pievious
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The first amendment proposed by Mr. Craw-
ford was then read, as follows:
At the end of the second section of the tell, insert:
And the public lands ot the United States aic ^ecifieally
pledged for such payment and icdemption. ft Is hereby
made the duty of the' Secretary of the Tieasmy tn apart
and apply ail moneys which may bo jeeeivcd into the
Tieasuiy from the sales of public lamN from the L>t day of
January, 1881, to such payment and icdemption, until all
the notes i^ued under the pre-entauihouty shall be entirely
paid oft, according to the obligation expie^se.l therein.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask for a division of that
amendment, so as to have a separate vote on the
first clause of tiie amendment, ending with the
word "redemption," where it first occurs.
Mr.CRAWFORD. Itistoolate; theprevious
question has been called and sustained. I raise
this question of order: the gentlemar. from Mis-
souri now proposes an amendment; he proposes
to amend my amendment by striking out half of
it; that is the legitimate effect of his motion.
Mr. PHELPS. Under the rules, as modified
at the last session of Congress, I believe any
member is entitled to call for a division of the
question after the previous question has been sus-
tained.
The SPEAKER. The rule will be read.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
<l46. Any member may call for the division of a question
before or a.lter the main question is ordered, which hhall
bo divided,* if it comprehend propositions in substance so
distinct that, one be.ng taken away, a substantive proposi-
tion shall remain foi tiie deeisiou of the House."
Mr. GROW. But how is this amendment di-
visible ? That is the question.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for a division of the
question "after the main question is ordered,"
and T am entitled to it. ,
The SPEAKER. The call was in time under
the new rule,and the question is on the first branch
of the amendment, which will now be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" And the public lands of the United States are specifi-
cally pledged lor feueh payment and redemption."
Mr. LEAKE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 75, nays 124; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bairet, Bocock, Bonham, Bouligny, Boyce, Branch,
Bristow, Brown, Burnett. John B. Claik, CJopton, Cobb,
Crawford, Curry, Reuben Davb, l)e Jarneile. Edmund^on,
English, Florence, Gamett, Gartrell, Gilmer, Hamilton,
Hardeman, J. Morrison ilairia. John T. Hams, Hatton,
Hawkins, Ilili, Houston, Hughes, Jenkins, Jonc«, Keift,
Landium, .Leake, Love, Maelay, Mallory, ElbcitS. Mar-
tin, Maynanl, MeKenty, McQueen, Miles, Million, Laban
T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Nelson, Niblack, Peyton,
Phelps, Pryor, Qumlcs>, Reagan, Ruflin, Sickles, Simm*,
Singleton, William Smith, William N. II. Smith, Stall-
worth, Stevenson, Stokes, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Un-
derwood, VaHandigham, Vance, Webster, Whitelcy, and
Wuii-iow -
NAYS—Messrs. Chailcs F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
raiu, Aldtieh, Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson. Ashley,
Babbitt, BcmIo, Bingham, Blair, Blake. B.ayton, Bnggs,
Bulfinton, Rurch, Bmlmgame, Burnham, Buttei field,
Campbell, Carey, Caiter, Case, Colfax, Conkling, Convin,
Cox, James Craig, Curtis II. Winter Davis, Jolm G. Davis,
D.iwes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgeiton, Edwaids, Eliot,
El>, Etheiidgc, Fcnton, Feny, Foster, Fonko, Frank,
Gooeh, Giaham, Grow, Hale,' Hail, IJaskiu, lleimick,
Hickman, Jloaid, Floiman, William Howard, William A.
flowaul, Humphrey, Hutclun-, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W.
Kellogg, W.liiam Kellogsr, Ivenyon, Kilgoie, Kiilmger,
Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Lo«rau, Longnecker,
Loomis, Lovojoy, Chailcs I). Maitin, Mc.Cleinaud, Mc-
Kean, McKnight, McPherson, Montgomery, Moothead,
Morrill, Edwa'td Joy Morris, I-=aac N. Morris, Nivon,
Noell, Ohn, Palmer, Peny, Pettit, Poiter, Potter, Pottle,
Edwm R. Reynolds, John II. Reynolds, Riec, Uiggf, Clnis-
topher Robiiibon, Royee, Scott, Sedgwick, Sherman,
Spanlding, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Stiatton,
Tappan, Thayer, Theaker. Tompkins, Traill, Trimble,
Vandcver, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader
C. Washbuin, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Wmdom,
and Woodiuff—12-i.
So the first branch of the amendment was
rejected^
During the roll-call,
Mr. BARKSDALE said: I desire to ask the
gentleman from Georgia if there is not a general
law pledging the public lands for the payment of
all the outstanding liabilities of the Government ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. There is no such law.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then I vote   ay.""
Mr. 110131NS0N", of Illinois, stated that he had
paired olF on tins question with Mr. Kunkll;
that Mr. Iv. was in favor of the amendment,and
that he (Mr. Robinson1) was opposed to it.
Mr. IiARKSDALE stated that his colleague,
Mr. McRae, was detained at home by indispo-
sition in lu's family.
Mr. VALLANDTGHAM, when his name was
called, said: Good faith to its creditors is, m my
judgment, one of the first duties of a Government;
and if the creditors of this Government demand
mortgage security now, I think they ought to
have it. 1 vote <( ay."
Mr. LOVEJOY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Washburne, was detained at his room by indis-
position.
Messrs. WASHBURN, of Maine, and ED-
WARDS, made similar statements with regard to
Messrs. Morse and Marstokt.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred on agree-
ing to the second branch of the amendment.
