I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m-
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume the second branch
of the amendment falls with the first.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I raove that the
House do now adjourn. [Cries of "No!"
"No!"]
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the House will not
adjourn until this bill is passed.
• The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky insist on his motion?
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. No, sir; I with-
draw it.
The question was then taken on the second
branch of the amendment, and it was disagreed
to.
The question then recurred on the following
amendment proposed by Mr. Crawford:
Strike out the fifteenth scction of the bill j which is as
follows:
"Sec. 15. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all moneys
hereafter contracted for under the authority of an act en-
titled 'An act authorizing a loan, and providing for the
redemption of Treasury notes,' approved June 23,18S0,
shall be used in redemption of Treasury notes now out-
standing, and those to bo issued under this act, and to re-
place in the Treasury any amount in said notes which
shall have been paid and received for public dues, and for
no other purpose
And insert in lien thereof the following:
Sec. 15. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That so much of the
act entitled "An act authorizing a loan, and providing for
the redemption of Tiea&ury notes," appioved June 23,
I860, empoweis the President to borrow a &um exceed-
ing $10,000,000, is heieby repealed, it being intended that
the amount of Tieasuij uoie  authorized by the present
act shall lake the place of the said loan heyond the sum of
$10,000,000 already contracted tor.
Mr. .SHERMAN. I think that amendment
would very seriously embarrass the negotiation
of these Treasury notes. The present loan law
authorizes a loan of $21,000,000. Ten million
of that amount has been contracted for. Eleven
million is yet to be contracted for. By the pro-
visions of this bill, Treasury notes are substituted
'for one or two years for the balance of the loan;
but the loan is leserved, to be negotiated at a
future time, and to pay off the Treasury notes.
The amendment of the gentleman from Georgia
repeals the balance of the loan bill, and will very
materially affect the value of the Treasury notes.
There would then be no provision for the pay-
ment of the Treasury notes, except the ordinary
revenues of the Government, which we all know
to be wholly insufficient.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say, in reply
to what has fallen from the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, that my amendment
simply repeals so much of the act of the 22d of
June last as authorizes a loan of $10,000,000.
That is all that it does; and I beg gentlemen to
remember that this Treasury note bill will not
expire, by its own limitation, until the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1863; and it is certainly reasonable to sup-
pose that the Government will be prepared to
make arrangements to meet these Treasury notes
before that time arrives.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the permission of
the gentleman, I will say that, by the provisions
of the loan bill, the President of the United States
is authorized at any time to contract for the bal-
ance of that loan, whenever in his opinion the
public service requires it. I take it, the gentle-
man from Georgia does not desire to keep out the
Treasury notes as a kind of currency. It would
be better to allow the Treasury Department to
recieve the Treasury notes, and substitute a loan.
Mr. CRAWFORD. By no manner of means
do I desire to do that thing; but I cannot see why
the act of last session, authorizing a loan of
$20,000,000, shall now, by this bill, be made to
stand over to the 1st of January, 1863, in order
that we may provide to-dny for the payment of
the $10,000,000 of Treasury notes to be issued;
because, if they circulate as money, there will be
no necessity for their payment. The Treasury
Department tell us that they can get on with
$10,000,000 of Treasury notes, and they are per-
fectly willing that we shall repeal so much of the
act of last session asauthoiizos the issue of a loan
of $10,000,000 by the Government. Wherefore,
then, the necessity of giving them $20,000,000—
§10,000,000 in Treasury notes, and a loan of
$10,000,000?
Mr. M AYNARD. I would ask the gentleman
if proposals have not already been issued for ne-
gotiating the balance of the loan of $20,000,000?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not know whether
proposals have beeji issued or not. I cannotan-
swer that question. I know that a loan could not
be negotiated as well by the Government as Treas-
ury notes, which will answer the purpose. We
can pass them at par; but if we attempt to nego-
tiate a loan the loss will be heavy, and the Treas-
ury Department say they can get along with
$10,000,000 of Treasury notes.
1 will not detain the House longer, as I know
gentlemen arc anxious to adjourn. I ask for a
vote on my proposition.
The question was taken,and the amendment
was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and, being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BARKSDALE demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERPETUITY OF THE UNION.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, That weprop-
eily estimate the immense value of our national Union to
our collective and individual happiness ; that we cherish
a cordial, habitual, and immovable attachment to it; that
we will speak of it as of the palladium of our political
safety and piospenty; that we will watch its preset vation
with jealous anxiety; that we will discountenance what-
ever may suggest even a suspicion that it can«in any event,
be abandoned, and indignantly frown upon tfrc first dawn-
ing of every attempt to alienate any portion of our country
from the rest, or enfeeble the sacied ties which now link
together the various parts; that \%e regaul it as a mam
pillar in the edifice of our teal independence, the suppoit
of tiaiiquillity at home, ojir peace abroad, our safety, our
prosperity, and that veiv libeity wiiich we so highly piize;
that we have seen nothing in the past, nor do we see any-
thing in the present, cither m the election of Abraham
Lincoln to the Presidency of the United States, or from
any other existing cause, to justify its dissolution ; that we
regard its peipetuity as of more value than the temporary
ti tumph of any pai ty or any man ; that whatever evils or
abuses exist under it ought to be corrected within the
Union, in a peaceful and constitutional way ; that wc be-
lieve it has sufficient power to redress every wrong and
enforce eveiy ri«bt growing out of its organization or pei-
talning to it1* pioper functions; and that it is a. patriotic-
duty to stand by it as oui hope in peilee and oui defense in
war.
Mr. BURCH. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Do I understand
that my resolution will be considered the first
thing to-morrow morning, if the House should
adjourn now ?
Mr. BURNETT. That will depend on whether
the resolution is in order or not.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Then, I will have
the floor in the morning if the House adjourn
now.
Mr. COX. I object to such an understanding.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Then I raise the
point of order that the gentleman from California
[Mr. Burch] has no right to move an adjourn-
ment while 1 am occupying the floor.
Mr. BURCH. 1 believe I was recognized by
the Chair. If so, I surely had the right to make
the motion.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I had the floor, and
did not yield to the gentleman from California to
move an adjournment. I now, if there be any
objection to the resolution, move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise to a point of order.
Is there not already a question before the House
which is not decided?
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. My motion being
entered on the Journal, I am now willing to give
way to a motion to adjourn.
Ivlr. ADRAIN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
"Mr. BURNETT. I desire to know whether
there is not a motion now pending which calls for
the action of the House prior to the consideration
of the gentlemanJs resolution. That question is
on excusing the gentleman from Florida from ser-
vice on a committee.
Mr. ADRAIN. I believe I had the floor, by
the courtesy of the gentleman from Illinois,and
I moved an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon {at
ten minutes past four o'clock, p. m.) the House'
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 11, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GtrRLEY.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
house bills keferred.
The bill (No. 50) to construe the word " mini-
mum" price of the public lands, and for other
purposes, received from the House of Represent-
atives yesterday, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the following
bills, received from the House of Representatives
yesterday, were read twice by their titles, and
referred to the Committee on Finance:
A bill (H. R. No. 861) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending 30th June,
1862; and
A bill (H. R. No. 862) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the 30th June, 1862.
president's message.
Mr. HUNTER. I inquire of the chairman of
the Printing Committee whether the reports of
the Departments have been ordered to be printed.
Mr. FITCH. The usual number has been
ordered. By the way, if I mistake not, the ques-
tion is now pending on a motion made by the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] to
reconsider. I presume the Senator will withdraw
that, and permit the question to be put.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion has
already been withdrawn, by the consent of the
Senate, as the Chair understands.
Mr. FITCH. Then I suppose it is in order
to put the question on printing the usual number;
or has that question already been put ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair regards
that order as having been made.
Mr. FITCH. ~ ~ '
olution:
Rejoiced, That extra number of the message of the
President, with the accompanying document*, be piinted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
ask for the present consideration of the resolu-
tion ?
Mr. FITCH. I suppose that it should be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing, according to
the usual cour.se.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred.
admission of kansas.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I wish to
call up the House bill of the last session for the
admission of Kansas, with a view of making it
the order of the day for some future day. I de-
sire to have it made the special order for Tuesday
next.
Mr. GREEN. I object to taking it up now,
and I will give a reason for it. There aie certain
laws, not yet received from that Ten itory, which
I think have an important bearing on the bill, and
we expect them every day. I sent to the State
Department for them last week.
Mr. COLLAMER. Territorial laws?
Mr. GREEN. Territorial laws. I therefore
object to making any special order of it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is already a
special order on the Calendar.
Mr. GREEN. It can remain as it is.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, we are all
aware that our list of special orders, made from
time to time, coders a large number of bills, some
of which will never be reached at all. If we wait
for it to come up on the list of special orders, we
may wait a long while. I therefore ask that it
be taken up, with a view of fixing a day for its
consideration.
I do not know, Mr. President, what the gen-
tleman alludes to as being important. If* he thinks
the information to which he alludes is important,
that is enough for me, and that might constitute
Then I offer the following res-
