48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
a reason for postponing the consideration of the
bill to some other day; but I can see no reason
why we should not take it up and fix a day. If,
when that day arrives, the gentleman has any
reason for postponement, it can be postponed of
course; but I wish tcrput it in the progress of pro-
ceedings. When the time shall come, which we
fix as the day for it, if the gentleman states that
he is in expectation of important information, we
may postpone it; but that is no reason why it
should not be taken up and some measure of pro-
ceeding how initiated in relation to it.
Mr. GREEN. I can only say that I have a
reasonable expectation of that kind, and I do not
name it for the mere purpose of delay.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman heard
me, he would know I did not intimate that he had
such a purpose. If he considers it important, it
is enough for me; but the time jfor using it for
delay would be when we come to consider the
bill, when it comes up. There i3 no reason why
we should not take it up and intitiate proceedings
on it.
Mr. GREEN. It is a very strong reason why
we should not. I do not know what moment it
will arrive. I am waiting for it every day, and
until the day does arrive and the information
comes, lam not prepared to act upon the sithjcer.
Now, if we take up the bill and make it a special
order, when that order comes up, the information
may not be here, or it may. Let us therefore
wait; and when the information comes, I will 110-
■tify the Senator the very moment it docs come,
and I will meet the issue, perhaps, without a sin-
gle objection. That, however, I do not know;
but it may be without a single objection; but 1
say it is proper, if we need that information, not
to make the bill a special order until we get it.
I therefore object to it, and hope it will not be
taken up, and not be made a special order.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 23, noes 18.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is now
before the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I now move that it be made
the special order of the day for Tuesday next, at
one o'clock.
Mr. GREEN. I do not know but that day may
be acceptable. I will not say one word against it;
but if, when thatday arrives, I do not get the evi-
dence thfit I oxpect, or find that I am deceived,
one ot the other, I shall then ask a further post-
ponement.
Mr. SEWARD, and others. Very well.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITION AND MEMORIAL.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of John
Dcvault, praying an increase of pension; which
Wits referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BINGHAM presented the memorial of
Lieutenant George L. llartstiff, of the United
8tates Army, praying to be reimbursed for the
loss of public property, while in his charge, by
the wreck of the steamer Lady Elgin, on Lake
Michigan; which was refened to the Committee
on Military Afl'airs and Militia.
BILL INTltOMUCISD.
Mr. PUGI-I. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce a bill without previous
notice.
Leave was_granted; and the bill (S. No. 518)
for the relief of William A. Linn's estate was
lead a first and second time.
Mr. PUGII. That bill passed both Houses at
the last session, and was sent to the President
too late to bo examined, it has been considered
in the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate;
and as there is, therefore, no necessity for its
reference, I trust there will be no objection to its
passage.
Mr. KING. I think it better that it should be
referred, and I hope the gentleman will consent
to its being referred.
Mr. PIJGH. Very well; let it be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
CHAPLAIN OP THE SENATE.
Mr. BRAGG. I understand that some doubt
exists whether the Chaplain elected by this body
at the last session was elected for the Congress
or for the session alone. With a view of remov-
ing all doubts on the subject, I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Chaplain clected by the Senate on
the 15th day of December, 1859, to officiate on the part of
the Senate at the last session, he continued during the
present session of Congress.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD REPORT.
Mr. HALE. It will be recollected that at the
closc of the last session I offered an order, which
was referred to the Committee on Printing-, and
a favorable report was made on it, for printing
the eleventh volume of the Pacific railroad report.
Objection was interposed to the consideration of
that resolution on that day, being the last day
of the session, and it was laid over. I ask that
it be now taken up and considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will say
to the Senator from New Hampshire, that the
resolution to which he refers is not on the Cal-
endar of the last session. There is, however, a
resolution introduced by the Senator at this ses-
sion.
Mr. HALE. There is a mistake, then, owing
to the confusion on the last day of the session.
A resolution was presented, and objection was
made to its consideration, 1 think, by the Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Bragg.]
Mr. HUNTER. I think, at any rate, it had
better go to the Committee on Printing. What
it was proper to do last year, may not be proper
this year in the present state of the Treasury.
We h ave no money to waste on printing. •
Mr. HALE. Well, let it go to the Committee
on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator con-
sents to a inference to the Committee on Printing
of the resolution introduced by him at the present
session.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
The icsolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing; and is as follows:
Ordered, That the tame number of the eleventh volume
of the Pacific liniroad icpoit, containing the maps and
charts of the sinvcys lbi a laihoart fium the JUu-M^ippi
nvcr to the Paedie ocean, as of the preceding volume:?, be
published for the uie of the Senate.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the papers, on
the files of the Senate, in the case of Elizabeth
Spear, be withdrawn from the files, and delivered
to the party or her agent, for the purpose of pre-
senting them at the office of the Commissioner of
Pensions. It is an application for a pension.
There has been no adverse report.
Leave was granted.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Foiiney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 863) to authorize
the issue of Treasury notes, and for other pur-
poses, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was lequestcd.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the bill from the
House bo taken up, and leferred to the Committee
on Finance.
The bill was read twice by its title.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope the Secretary will
have that bill pi in tod to-day, as I shall probably
ask the Senate to consider it to-morrow.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
The message further announced that the H,ouse
had ordered, on the JOth instant, at twelve o'clock
and ten minutes, the printing of a letter from the
Secretary of State, transmitting an abstract of
returns of registered American seamen.
REDUCTION OP THE ARMY.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
RcsolvcJ. That the Committee on Military AfFaiis be in-
structed to inquue whether the expenses ofthnt branch of
the public seivu'C cannot be icdueed, without detriment to
the public service; and it they can, they be furthei in-
stituted to lepo.i to what extent, and what p.utieuL-ir
bianch or branches of tifhl seiviee can be dispensed with
or reduced.
THE TARIFF BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no pe-
titions or reports, the business next in order will
be the resolution offered by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Green,] which the Secretary
will read.
Mr. GREEN. I do not desire any action on
that resolution now; it may lie on the table for
tho present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table for the present, if there be no objection.
Mr. HALE. I hope the subject on which the
Senate adjourned yesterday may be taken up, on
which the Senator from Pennsylvania has the
floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will come up
atone o'clock as unfinished business; but as it is
the only business on the table, if it be the pleas-
ure of the Senate it can be taken up now.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senate will take
up House bill No. 338, for a revision of the rev-
enue laws. We have no money in the Treasury.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to take
up the bill (H. R. No. 338) to provide for the
payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to author-
ize a loan, to fix the duties on imports, and for
other purposes.
Mr. HUNTER. I will only say that I hope
that bill will not now be taken up. We have sub-
jects enough for discussion. That bill is not going
to provide revenue. I think we shall have other
things to engross us, without bringing in that sub-
ject of discussion now. It is for a majority to
determine, however.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me there can
be nothing more appropriate than this just now,
when we have no money in the Treasury. La-
borers everywhere are dismissed; persons in the
employ of the Government are dismissed for want
of money. This bill will, 1 think, provide money.
On a division, there were—ayes 24, noes 25.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bingham, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, Collumer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doo-
little, Duikce, Fe^enden, Foot, Fo&ter, Gnmes, Ilale,
Hamlm, Ilailan, Kennedy, King, Seward, Simmons-, Sum
nor, Ten Eyck, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son— yy.
NAYS -Mes*!-*. Bayard, Benjamin, Bia<rg, Biown, Cling-
Thc VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and the
question is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Lane,] which the Secretary will
read.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
That the act entitled " An act reducing the duty on im-
ports and for other purposes," approved July 30, 1846, be,
and the same is hereby reenacted and reestablished in every
section, schedule, and clause thereof; and that thcact en-
titled i* An act ieducing the duty on imports, and for other
purposes," approved March 3,1837, and all other acts and
parts of acts ineonMstent with said act of July 30, 1846,be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought the bill was taken
up in order to make it the special order; not for
its present consideration,
Mr. LANE. I move that the bill and amend-
ment be referred to the Committee on Finance,
Mr. COLLAMER. I will merely remark that
the bill has already been referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance, and reported back.
Mr. GREEN The amendment has not been
referred.
Mr. COLLAMER. That does not require a
reference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitz-
patrick in the chair.) The question is on the
motion to refer.
Mr. GWIN. I;
that question.
Ihe yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Mesiis. Bayard, Benjamin, Bragg, Brown, Cling
man, Davts, Dougla^ Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Ciinies,
Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson ol Tenucbsee,
Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Nicholson, Peaiee, Polk, Powell,
P^ugh, Salisbury, Slide!!, Thomson, WigfaJl, and Yulee—
NAYS — Anthony, Baker," Bigler, Bingham,
Cameion, Chandler, Clark, Coliamer, Crittenden, Dixon,
Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Uale, Ilamlin,
Harlan. Ivinjj, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Bycis,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and.Wilson—2/,
So the motion to refer was\jigreed to.
dc for the yeas and nays on
