1880.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
THE STATE or THE UNION. /
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If Acre be np
further business now to be presented to "the Sen-
ate, the Chair will take up the resolution of Uie
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell.] /
The Secretary read the resolution as it-, now
stands, as follows:
, Resolved, Thatsomuch of tlie Pie&idcnt's message as
relates to tiie present agitated and distiaetod condition of
the country and tlie grievances between the s-lavehoklmg
ami the non-slaveholdm-r States, be lefeired to a special
committee of thirteen member?; and tint said committee
be instructed to inquire into the present condition of the
country, and jeport by bill 01 otherwise.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 took the floor, Mr. Presi-
dent, yesterday afternoon, for the purpose of
making a very few remarks on the present un-
happy condition of the country. I intended then
only to say what was necessary to indicate my
own position on the great question which is agi-
tating the people of this country. That is my
only purpose this morning. I shall reserve for
some subsequent occasion, when perhaps this
whole subject will be more fully before us, the
discussion of the main question which it neces-
sarily presents.
Sir, it was too truly remarked by the Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] yesterday, that we
have fallen oa evil times. It is too sadly appa-
rent that this great Republic of ours is in immi-
nent danger of dissolution. The whole political,
social, and commercial system is seriously dis-
turbed, and shows unmistakable evidences of
depression and distress. Commerce, trade, and
finances, are disturbed. The banks have ceased
to redeem their notes in specie, and the Treasury
of the United States is unable to meet the current
demands upon it. Indeed, sir, a general gloom
seems to have spread over the entire country.
"Why is all this? Have the gieat elements of
prosperity, progress, and general thrift in the
country, become suddenly exhausted? No, sir;
these were never more abundant than now. "What
is it, then? Why, sir, disguise it as you may,
this sad picture is the result of a political panic.
I almost shrink from enunciating the precise
cause, obvious as 1 think it is to every Senator,
and to every intelligent man in the land. The
startling cause is, that men are beginningto doubt
the integrity and future existence of this Union.
State after State has taken steps on the subject of
withdrawing from this Confederacy. We hear
of Legislatures being assembled, conventions of
the people being ordered, all to consider the grave
question whether our relations are to continue or
not. It is not singular, then, that we have seen
manifestations of deep concern and distress in
the land.
Sir, this is a startling picture; but it seems to
me it is the part of patriotism and duty to look it
fairly in the face. My own impressions first
■were, that the less that was said here the better.
1 have changed that impression. I -believe that
the times require that the public men, the selected
men of the nation here, should come up to this
great question. Let the people understand what
view is taken of it here. For one, 1 am prepared
to separate myself as far as possible from past
prejudices and party allegiance, and consider the
condition of the country in a spirit of devotion
to its interest. I most heartily commend the no-
ble position of the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Dixon.] Without understanding (he desires
of the men of his own party, as he has told us,
regardless of his connection with then), of his
party prejudices—for I believe he is a friend of
the President elect—he has come boldly forward
and taken his position for the Constitution, for
the Union as made by the Constitution, for the
ocjuality of the States, and for justice among the
citizens of the States. Sir, I extend to him the
hand of fellowship, and I meet him in the same
spirit, and under tlie same circumstances, for I
have no idea how my views will be received on
this side of the Chamber. In the spirit of the
Senator from Illinois on this side, [Mr. Douglas,]
I go with men of any party, and men of ewry
party who will devote themselves to the great
work of rescuing the country from the impend-
ing danger.
Mr. President, for weal or for woe, lam a Union I
man. I am for the Union as made by our fathers.
I am for the constitutional Union as it is, and, in
the spirit of the remark of the Senator from Cali-
fornia yesterday, 1 expcct to be of and for the i
Union as it is to be. Whatever a humble indi-
vidual like myself can do, or suffer, or sacrifice
in the cause of the Union, shall be freely offered
np.
But, sir, what can be done ? I think the motion
of the Senator from Kentucky, to refer so much
of the President's message as refers to this sub-
ject to a select committee, is a movement in the
right direction. I thank the Senator for it, and
I shall cheerfully vote for its adoption.
I was somewhat surprised at the view taken
of that proposition by the distinguished Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Mason.] That honorable
Senator said he would vote for the resolution as
a mere matter of parliamentary courtesy, because
the message should be referred to a committee.
He said that much, lest his vote might be misun-
derstood by his constituents, that they should be
under the impression that he had concluded that a
remedy for the present difficulties which beset the
country could be instituted, while, in his judg-
ment, Congress could do nothing on that subject.
That honorable Senator must know that, in some
way or other, any adjustment that may be ma.de on
this subject must, to some extent, be connected
with Congress. Congress must necessarily be con-
nected with it, unless it be the question of seces-
sion, which belongs to the States only. If it be
possible to agree upon an ad justment in the shape
of a law, then Congress and the Executive will per-
form the whole work, if the committee should find
that it required an amendment to the Constitution,
then Congress must either adopt that amendment
and submit it for the approval of the States, or
else, when two thiidsof the States petition Con-
giess, provision must be made for a convention
of the States; so that, in any event, congressional
action will be necessary. That is a reason why
there should be no hesitation whatever in con-
sidering the question here, and inquiung calmly,
soberly, and earnestly of each other what can be
done to rescue the country.
Sir, I have a word or two to say specially to my
friends on this side of the Chamber—1 mean those
from the far-off South; tho.se with whom I have
so long and cordially coopeiated here; for whose
rights I zealously contended long before 1 met
them on this floor; whose cause has been our
cause in the North; and whose cause, to some ex-
tent,in the late contest for President, fifteen hun-
dred thousand northern men embraced. It scarcely
bccomcs me to undertake to judge of their case, :
I confess. I am, perhaps, incapable of appre-
ciating their precise position and feelings. I ac-
knowledge, as they are aware, the justice of some
of their complaints. I acknowledge that there
has been kept up a war of aggression upon their
feelings, well calculated to alienate them from the
people of the North; that in some instances their
clear constitutional rights have been vexutiously
embarrassed, and at times defeated; and further-
more, that the party about to assume the reins of
Government, in the late contest avowed doctrines
which, m my judgment, are inconsistent with the
equality of the States; for so I regard the doc-
trine of the exclusion of the owner of a slave from
the common Territories unless he leaves his prop-
erty behind him. But, Mr. President, is disso-
lution a remedy? Is that the best and wisest of
all the alternatives left? Has the time come to
embiaee that remedy? I think not. I said be-
fore, that it was not for me to speak of what con-
cerned them and their interests; but I say no more
fatal step can be taken for the interests of the
great State which I represent here, and, as I verily
believe, for every other State in this Confederacy.
I know, sir, it may be said—it was said yes-
terday by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,]—that war, and even deathr are to be pre-
ferred to dishonor, and that a State remaining in
tins Union less than an equal, denied of its con-
stitutional rights, is in some measure dishonored;
but my friend from Mississippi, and those who
act with him, should view this question in more
hopeful light.
After all, Mr. Lincoln is in a minority of nearly
nine hundred thousand votes, and in his election
; the people of the United States have not passed
| judgmentagainsttho claims of (he South to equal-
ity and justice.
Air. President, I want to call the attention of
those Senators and of their friends at home to a
particular point in this case. I do not care to in-
quire into the question of the right of secession.
Whether it be a right, or whether, when a State
withdraws, it is revolution, the consequence to the
seceding State and to the remaining States will be,
essentially the same, and the remedy, if remedy,
there be, will be the same. But the point I wish
to make is this: even if it be a right, is it just to
the other States to resort to that remedy until
redress has been sought and denied at the very
fountain of political power and authority, ami
through the precise channels in which this Confed-
eracy was formed ? 1 think not. Such precipitate
action is not just to theirfriends. Let the southcr.i>
States ask the people of this Confederacy,separate
and aside from ordinary political considerations,
to consider and adjust this question. Let them
ask redress for their grievances at the hands of
those who have the power to grant it, and in the
form pi escribed in the compact under which we
live. If redress be denied, if two thirds of the
States refuse to call a convention, or, calling a
convention, if three fourths of the States decline to
approve such amendments to the Constitution as
they deem essential to the protection of their rights
and to the maintenance of their equality in the
Union, then the time will have arrived forconsid-
ering this question of dissolution. But until all
other means have been exhausted, it should not,,
cannot be seriously entertained.
Mr. President, I am one of those who believe-
that the remedy for the present distracted condi-
tion of the country, after all, must, sooner or later,
come from the people, if it is to come at all and be *
permanent. I do notsay thatamendmentsshould
not be submitted here. I am by no means in-
tending to indicate that the effort should not be
made; but I do say that I have iittle hope that-
measures of adjustment can pass Congress that
will meet this case. It is hardly to be expected
that the politicians or partisans of the country
brought into position in the midst of party strug-
gles, committed to one side or other of the contro-
verted points, are prepared for this delicate work.
It must go into other hands. Let the peopleselect
representatives on this single subject alone, and to
remedy the defects which experience has shown,
and if needs be, give new guarantees to the ag-
grieved States. Then, sir, you will have a single-
ness of purpose, and our southern friends will
ascertain the real sentimentof the northern people
in reference to their rights and position in the
Union; and while I confess that all the evidence
seems to be on the other side, I have a belief that
m such a test the conservative element of the
North would prevail—that the South would be
met in a spirit of justice, fraternity, and even
generosity.
But it may be asked, as it has been already,
what is to become of the country in the mean
time ? What measures shall be adopted to arrest
the progress of dissolution ? I confess, Mr. Pres-
ident, I am not prepared to answer that question.
That is more especially for our friends from those
States which are moving for secession. If they
know no means of ^resting the progress of sep-
aration, then, sir, we a^e truly in a hopeless con-
dition. But I am rfiot so despondent. I have-
still hope that if there were such indications from
the North of a disposition to deal kindly on the
subject; to hear their southern brethren fairly and
fully, and answer, if possible, favorably their
demands, there would be a feeling of reaction in
the South; that men would rise above the mad-
ness of the hour, and stay the fatal step, at least
for a brief season, and another effort would be
made to save the Government, and to satisfy the
southern States that they can maintain their
rights within the Union.
Sir, I am not of those who view this disease
lightly. I am sensible that it is deep seated, and
to some extent malignant, but not incurable. It
is not my purpose to talk of distinctive proposi-
tions now; but I do say that the best possible
remedy that could be applied, to-siler^ce forever
the war of crimination in the North, would be
to separate this question of slavery, as far as pos-
sible, from the popular elections in the non-slave-
holding States. There are a class of men, we all
know, in the North, who arc zealous and sincere
enemies of slavery, and so long as they can dis-
cover the slightest opportunity of interfering to
perform what they call a duty, they wii) keep up
these assaults and an unjust war upon the feelings
of the citizens of the southern States. Separate
them entirely, so that they can have no connec-
