50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
efice of slavery in its present form, but the right
of the southern people to emigrate to the common
Territories with their slave property, and their
right to congressional protection while the terri-
torial existence lasts. The recent battle in the
South was fought upon that very issue. The
friends of Mr. Breckinridge put him upon the
very ground of congressional protection to slave
property in the Territories, and it was upon that
ground that he carried the cotton States. I know
that there was a small party that were opposed
to that principle. They followed the lead of the
"distinguished Senator from Illinois, who was
their candidate for the Presidency; but how small
—I had almost said how contemptible—the ele-
ment in the southern States who advocated his
views! Look at the popular vote; that will tell
the talc. Those who supported the third candi-
date, Mr. Bell, were for congressional protection
too, because in my State, as in others, his lead-
ers and friends urged upon the people his support
upon the very ground that he was an avowed ad-
vocate of protection to slave property in the Ter-
ritories. And now, sir, it is a fact well known
to those who understand the case, that a large
portion of the friends of Mr. Bell are the most
ardent leaders in, and supporters of, this move-
ment of secession; and it is because they have
lost all hope of getting protection under the Con-
stitution and in the Union. Gentlemen need not
mistake the popular sentiment of the southern
States. I do not speak for theborderslave States.
I speak for the cotton States. They need not
mistake the sentiment which wc entertain. It is
in favor of congressional protection, and no con-
gressional legislation or amendment of the Con-
stitution that falls short of it will ever be, or
ought ever to be, accepted by the South. Now,
what prospect have we of getting that? None
here, 1 am satisfied—none anywhere. Therefore
whence the necessity or use of this resolution of
the Senator from Kentucky? None, that I can
see.
'\J But, sir, suppose the object of this resolution be
to present amendments to the Constitution giving
to the southern States additional constitutional
guarantees: I want to know of the friends of the
resolution what particular guarantees theyareex-
pecting to get from the northern States? Wlwt
concessions? I do not believe that any conces-
sions can be obtained; and if they were obtained,
of what value would they be, granted by interest
and fear? I do not use the terms in an offensive
sense; I speak only politically. The North, if
they yield at all, yield from an apprehension that
the South is going to dissolve the Union, and they
yield from fearofthe'consequences. Ofwliat value
would any concessions made under these circum-
stances be to the South? Nay, sir, I want to know
of what value any concessions, any guarantees,
or any pledges from the northern States will be to
the South? None, as long as this vitiated public
sentiment of anti-slavery exists in the hearts and
minds of the northern people. And when is that
ever going to be changed ? Never, as long as the
Union lasts. It is a part not only of their literary
education, but of their religious creed. It enters
into all the ramifications of society. It pervades
the pulpit, the halls of legislation, the popular as-
semblies, the school-houses—all teach thedoctrine
of the s' irrepressible conflict;" and how many
arguments in favor of slavery, its morality, its so-
cial and political advantages, ever reach the north-
ern eye and the northern ear ? How are you going
to reform this public sentiment in the northern
States? How are you ever going to arouse it?
There is but one way, and that is to let the south-
ern States go out of this Union; and when the
northern people see that that is a fixed fact, and
come to taste the consequences of their madness
and folly, then they will begin to inquire and look
into the subject, and public sentiment may recoil
and a sound state of opinion" may possibly arise
in the northern States; then, and not until then.
J3ut, sir, suppose that constitutional guarantees
are presented by this committee; suppose they
report and propose amendments to the Consti-
tution; suppose they propose everything which
the southern Statesw the southern people could
in reason ask, or demand: what reliance can the
South place upon the faithful observance of those
guarantees by the North ? What better guaran-
tees can be made than the guarantees of tljo Con-
stitution now? If they were carried out in good
faith, they are all that the South would ask, or
expect, or demand. How many of them have
been violated by the northern people ? Sir, look
back to the history of our country. The Con-
stitution was formed as a compromise; and one of
its terms was that new States might be admitted
into the Union. At the time of the formation of
the Constitution, all the States held slaves with
the exception of a single State, and it_ certainly
was never contemplated that the existence of
slavery in a new State should be a valid objection
to its admission. If that had been understood,
the southern States would never have entered
into this bond of Union. "What was the result?
When the Government had been scarcely a quar-
ter of a century in operation, the northern States
refused to admit a southern State into the Union
because her constitution tolerated slavery. I
allude to the case of Missouri. The obstinate
opposition of the' northern States, their opposi-
tion to slavery, their violation of the spirit of the
Constitution in this respect, drove the South, for
the sake of peace and harmony and the preserva-
tion of the Union, to adopt a degrading and dis-
honoring compromise. There was the first vio-
lation upon the part of the North of that great
spirit of compromise in which the Constitution
had been made.
Again: in 1841, when Texas applied for admis-
sion into the Union as a slave State, who opposed
it, and upon what principle was the opposition
made ? The opposition came from the northern
States, and slavery was the ground upon which
they put their opposition to the admission of
Texas. It was admitted, however, in despite of
this principle which existed in the northern mind
even at that time. In 1848, whe'n Territories
were obtained ftom Mexico, with what faith did
the North obs< rve even the Missouri compro-
mise which they had forced upon the South ? In
1848 the South proposed to run the Missouri
compromise line to the Pacific ocean and apply
it to all the Territories winch the Government
then possessed. The North refused it by a pos-
itive vote; in the House of Representatives by a
unanimous northern vote they refused to carry
out that compromise in good faith and in the
spirit in which it was made. There was a pal-
pable violation of their plighted faith.
Then, sir, look at the tariff compromise of 1833.
When this Union was convulsed to its very cen-
ter, to save it the South yielded its objection to
the protective principle, and agreed to the com-
promise of that day; yet in 1842, before it had
expanded itself—the, very first time that the North
obtained possession of these Halls—they repudi-
ated that compromise, and enacted a protective
tariff. Now, sir, the compromises of 1850, sanc-
tioned, as they have been, by the action of Con-
gress and of the Supreme Court, are to be set
aside and annulled by the overpowering voice and
power of the abolition sentiment of the North.
Sir, what compromise has the North ever ob-
served in good faith that was opposed to their
interests or their prejudices? None that the his-
tory of the country has ever recorded. I ask, then,
how can the South rely upon any guarantees
which the North may make to us in the Consti-
tution, especially under the circumstances which
now exist, when those guarantees will be wrung
from them by duress? For one, I have no con-
fidence whatever in the plighted faith, Punica fides,
of our northern brethren; and I am not willing,
for one—and I believe my constituents are not
willing—to accept any compromise of this ques-
tion, no matter how plausible it may be upon
paper, because we know well that it will be noth-
ing more than a paper guarantee that is not worth
the snap of a man's finger.
Sir, I can look upon this proposition, as well
as the one which has emanated from the House
of Representatives, as nothing else than a delu-
sion and a snare, intended to operate upon the
public sentiment of the seceding States, to ease
them off, to put arguments in the mouths of the
submission party in those States to urge upon the
people a little more delay, a little more folding of
the arms, a little more procrastination, to enable
them to say put it off; let us see what these
great propositions of the Senator from Kentucky
and others will work out; let us see if we cannot
get concessions from the northern Slates; try
every thi ngin the Union, "as my friend from Penn-
sylvania has suggested. Sir, we have tried the
Union for twenty-five years since this agitation
commenced;and what has it produced? We have
been remonstrating; we have been threatening;
but instead of producing a revulsion of public
sentiment, how has it operated? Twenty-five
years ago they had but seven thousand men to
support their candidate for the Presidency. lNow
tliey have carried one of the most ultra, and I had
almost said, one of the most infamous of men—
not in person but in politics—one of the most ultra
men, ay, two of them, into the Presidency and
Vice Presidency of the United States, by over-
whelming majorities in every free State. From
seven thousand, they have ran up, in twenty-five
years, to one million eight hundred and fifty thou-
sand. That has been the result of ourpreachings
and our prayers and our expostulations and our
beseech ings of our northern brethren to do us jus-
tice,and of our threats to dissolve if they did not.
And, sir, they have accomplished all this in the
face of a party in possession of the Federal Gov-
ernment, and of its power and patronage, to the
contrary. They have accomplished all these
things without the patronage and power of the
Federal Government. Now, when they have that
power and that patronage, with the whole ma-
chinery of the Federal Government in their hands,
what are we to expect but a rapid consummation
of the dire and terrible results which I have feebly
depicted?
Sir, believing that these propositions, whatever
may be the intention of the parties who urge
them, can result m nothing but delay and pro-
crastination, I shall not give the resolution my
sanction or support. I believe the question is
settled; and, as I lemarked the other day, no
power this side of heaven can avert the result.
South Carolina is already determined, as I believe
everybody admits; and nobody doubts the gal-
lantry and determination of that small State. She
has determined to risk all upon this die, and lean
tell Senators that there are other States whose fate
is no less certain than Carolina. Even those west
of the Mississippi are moving; and although a
distinguished gentleman from Texas has come
here recently, as I understand, and has said that
then' is 110 si-cession element in Texas, and that
all Texas is for the Union, I apprehend that " the
wish is father to the thought;" but I leave the
question as to the soundness of that people to the
distinguished Senators from the State, who un-
derstand their public sentiment better than I do.
But sir, that this Union is to be dissolved is a
fixed fact; and no tinkerings with the Constitu-
tion, no tinkerings of committees of thirty-three
or thirteen in these Houses can avert that conse-
quence.
Sir, before I close I desire to say a few words
by way of suggestion to the States of Virginia
and Maryland, and especially to the District of
Columbia. I hear here every day, not only as J
pass the streets, but I see in the public press and
m discussions, curses loud and deep poured out
upon the devoted heads of the southern States
who are moving in this great question of seces-
sion. The people of the District of Columbia
have turned all their wrath from the true cause of
these difficulties—the Abolitionists of the Noi tli—
and are venting their spleen and spite against us,
because we arc vindicating our deliverance and
liberty. They expect that the dissolution of this
Union is going to destroy the capital, and that
their property is to be valueless. That may be,
or it may not be. It will depend very much on
their own conduct, in my opinion. That the five
States to which I have referred will go out of this
Union before the 4th ofMarch, and form a confed-
eracy of their own, in my opinion admits of no
earthly doubt; and that the other slave States must,
in the rapid process of time, go outalso,andjoin us
in our confederate action, 1 have little less doubt.
I will not undertake to discuss the reasons for this
opinion; I express it merely.
Well, sir, if Virginia and Maryland desire to
have any influence or part in the formation of our
government—a government to which they must
finally owe their allegiance—-they had better fol-
low our example, and go out of the Union quickly,
and send their delegates to join us in forming a
constitution and frame of government for our pro-
tection and our support. It may be that a gov-
ernment will be formed and a constitution enacted
and put in operation before they have had time to
take part in it; and that when they go out of this
