1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
must repudiate it. But in the actuai condition of things
it must be so. There is no remedy. This discipline be-
longs to the state of slavery. They cannot be disunited
without abrogating at once the lights of the master, and
absolving the slave from his subjection. It constitutes the
curse of slavery to both the bond and free portions of our
population. But it is inherent in the relation of master and
slave.
" That there may be particular instances of crucity and
barbarity, where in conscience the law might pioporly in-
terfere, is most piobable. The difficulty is to determine
where a court may properly begin. Merely in the abstiaet
it may welt be asked, which power of the master accoids
with right? The answer will probably sweep away all of
them. But we cannot look at the mastei m that light. The
truth is, that we n i e foi bidden to enter upon a train of gen-
eral reasoning upon the subject. We cannot allow the light
of the master to be brought into discussion in the couits of
justice. The slave, to remain a slave, must be made sens-
ible that there is no appeal liotu his nmstci; that his power
is in no instance usni ped ; but i-s conleired by the laws of
man, at least, if not by the laws of God.
" I repeat, that I would have gladly avoided this ungrate-
ful question. But being brought to it, the court is compelled
to declare, that while slaverv exists among us m its piesent
state, or until it shall seem fit to the Legislative to inter-
pose express enactments to the contiary, it will be the im-
perative duty of the judges to recognize the full dominion
of the owner over the slave, except where the exercise of
it is forbidden by statute. And this we do upon the gioutid
that this dominion is essential to the value of slaves as prop-
erty, to the security of the master and the public tranquillity,
greatly dependent upon their suboidmation, and in line, as
most effectually seeming the general protection and com-
fort of the slaves themselves."
Shall such an institution be extended? Shall
it have new securities, new guarantees? Let the
American people, let the whole world of mankind
answer. Do you expect the Republicans to aban-
don and belie every principle they ever professed
and maintained? to eat their own words and oft-
avowed opinions, and effectually demean and
stultify themselves by consenting to what the ma-
jority of the late Democratic party refused to agree
to—Us delegates at Baltimore even accepting'the
division and dissolution of their party instead ?
Those who look for any such thing will find
themselves eminently mistaken. They will he
first among those who, here or elsewhere, in this
controversy, are busying themselves—to use the
figure of the distinguished gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts—in " gathering wool from goats.5' It
should be enough, on this head, for me to say, that
had Mr. Breckinridge been elected, four months
ago, the whole Republican party would have re-
garded such a result as a mo^t disheartening defeat
and an overwhelming calamity. Would it bo less
so now? By no means. Itwould be a victory more
brilliant than our enemies over dared fo hope lor,
and our triumph at the late election a defeat more
terrible than was ever feared as possible. No, sir;
even the threat of civil war,and of a dissolution of
this Union, cannot drive us to so utter and shame-
less an abandonment of all our principles, consist-
ency, and honor.
And here, sir, I wish to allude to some senti-
ments, most remarkable in my judgment, recently
uttered in this House by the honorable gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. 1)k Jahmktte.] 1 quote
them as the expression from what I suppose to
be a large class of those southern gentlemen who
arc looking forward to the establishment of a great
slaveholding empire. I wish to give them prom-
inence, that my constituents, who arc accustomed
to earn their bread by the sweat of their brow,
may see the soit of Democratic feast to which
they are invited; that our hard-working farmeis
and mechanics, who art: accustomed to honoi
labor, may behold in a clear light the exclusive
and aristocratic philosophy upon which the load-
ers of the so-called Democratic party proceed in
advocating (heir political system. Methinks it
will be a sutprise for our independent yeomanry
to know that they arc regarded in the light of
slaves to capital or to anything else; that they
have among them the worst form of despotism,
or even any despotism at all; that free labor has
destroyed the prerogatives of justice, or invaded
the sanctity of God's altar, or that it is in anv
danger of returning to barbausm.
<k 1 have known. Mr. Fpoakoi, for ten year-*, that dissolu-
tion must colli'*, f have seen tlio n.represMb!e conihei be
twceniaboi and capital at the Noith, and known that it
®°.u'd ut '^N't fu J-ivoroi the lbrinej, inasmuch n-ihat
laboi pow-s.'d fho \ evohmona! v powci i<> \v ii i!:r
elective hanclu-. Wherever, In, there iVco contri-
tion between labo; and capital,and tlmlabo, is aimu-l with
to vote, the l.UHjr beimj al Jw iu
the ludjomj, hum sooner or latoi so control ilk- law irmk-
lafor hTff aS t0 h0id tlie capilul to Us will. That
uower nrvi, r'y,y°?'i I""1 c"nt, ll(,<' "«■ Jaw-mnkms
law fmtin It lias iioiv "aiiiert control 01 tlic
law-making power in many States west ot the IImKon j ; it\
in the last presidential contest, it aspired to, and obtained,
the contiol of the law-making power of this Government.
Wherever there is free competition of labor and capital, and
that labor vindicates its power to contiol the Government,
liberty cannot long survive. i3ut the worst form of despot-
ism will exist as long ad there is capital left upon which it
can feed. When this fails, the only result which can fol-
low is, for such a people to return to barbarism.
" Tiius, society at the North is now pregnant with the
seeds of its own destiuction. Its only salvation is a stronger
Government, and a restriction of the elective franchise.
This is not speculative theoiy, but fact; it is not wild im-
aginings, but history.
" It is the free sum age and fiee labor of the North which
now controls the press^" the bar, the schools, and the pul-
pit. It is tlie free labor of the North which has invaded
die sanctity of God's aitai, and compelled its ministers to
acknowledge its divinity by dethroning Jehovah and wor-
shiping Beelzebub. It is the fiee laboi at the Noith which
ha> invaded the highest judicial tribunal of justice, de-
stioying its piorogatives, and teaching men to despise its
deciees. Sir, it has «o shattered the tiamework of society,
that society itself exists only m an inverted order at the
Noith. Capital at the North lor a long time waged an un-
equal contest with labor. It looked then to the Govern-
ment, and found that impotent for aid. For momentary
seeuiity, it seemed to sympathize in the objects of the fa-
natics, and to point to the institutions of the South as fit
objects for attack. Fatal delusion! They not only intio-
duced the Trojan horse into their counting-houses, but
diove away their best customers by their efforts to enslave
them.
" At the South, our new republic will have no such ele-
ment of discord. Capital there owns all labor which, from
its nature, ^oloweis the man as to make him unfit for so-
ciety and self-government. Thus capital and labor, in our
new republic, will work m beautiful harmony; and it is
thus time Afncan slavery furnishes the only basis upon
which republican liberty can be presetved."
Sir, if such sentiments as these are really en-
tertained to any extent by our southern brethren,
H affords us a key to this frenzy of the times
which is tearing them from their ancient moorings
of attachment and loyalty to the Republic. At
the same time it is lamentable to see the founda-
tions of a new State attempted to be laid upon a
philosophy so utterly at variance with the teach-
ings of history, the truest instincts of humanity,
and the monitions of conscience, which is the
stern monitor of God within us. And I must be
permitted to add, such notions, however sincerely
entertained, as 1 have no doubt they are, are eno-
rmous in fact,erroneous in theory,and erroneous
in application. Free labor at the JNoith has net
shatleicd the framework of society. Society at
the Noith is not threatened with destruction. Its
salvation is not in a stronger Government, nor
in any restriction of the elective franchise. Quite
the reverse holds tiue. It cannot be successfully
denied, however, that our whole system of free
labor, democratic institutions, is founded upon
diametrically opposite ideas of the philosophy
and utility of government to those put forth by
the gentleman from Virginia. And I bless God
that it is so ! Long may it so remain !
The border-States compromise is next uiged
upon our attention. That this is but another
treacherous, time-serving, and most futile and
fruitless proposition, is perfectly apparent to my
mind from the following considerations:
1. Tlie first article of these proposed amend-
ments provides that Congress shall have no power
to legislate in regard to slavery in any places in
which it now has exclusive jurisdiction without
the consent of the States which had made the ces-
sion of such places to the United States. It is
very generally conceded, and I entertain no doubt
on the point, that Congress now has actually the
exclusive right of jurisdiction m all such places.
"VVe are, therefore,asked to takeaway from Con-
gress what little power jt now has over the sub-
ject; and some press tins course on us as a cer-
tain and speedy panacea for all our difficulties.
But, sir, 1 differ from all such Uiioto ccelo. Instead
of abrogating any light or power we now possess
to rid ourselves of tins unspeakable curse, I would
rather exercise that power by abolishing slavery
in thc^arsenals and dock-yards forthwith , and in
th 1.5 District as soon as the inhabitants here should
give their consent; and thus put this terribly dis-
turbing question at once beyond further cavil. ;
2. This second article offers us the old line of
36° 30', in this respect being kIciHicaJ with the
Crittenden compromise.
It is enough, sir, on this point, for me to *ay
that thw question is already settled, recently wet-
tied; and, as I believe, finally settled by the peo-
ple themselves. At the last election, eighteen
States, by ovci whdmmg and astounding major-
ities, dccided that they would not accept this ar-
ticle; but rather that Congrray should pass laws
to prohibit slavery forever in all of the Territo-
ries of the United States. Do gentlemen expect
the people to change their verdict? Let them try
it. But never was a more fallacious expectation
entertained.
3. The third article is offered as a pretended
concession to freedom. For what purpose ? As
a cheat, as a blind, to deceive northern men with
an idea that you make a show of fairness; that
you give us a little something in this matter in ap-
pearance, while in reality you take all ? The Con-
stitution already docs all it can to suppress the
African slave trade; and it is either a cheat or a
gross blunder to talk of putting in again a provis-
ion for that purpose.
4. The fourth article prohibits Congress from
interfering with the domestic slave trade. Sir, I
would rather, if there is any doubt on the subject,
propose an amendment to the Constitution that
Congress shall have the power to utterly extin-
guish that nefarious and accursed traffic. If this
is not one of the kinds of commerce between the
States that Congresshas the power of regulating,
it certainly should be. I can never consent to part
with it.
5. We arc next called upon to insert in the
Constitution a provision denying to Congress the
right to meddle with slavery in the States. It
might be sufficient to say to this that it is entirely
unnecessary and superfluous, inasmuch as it has
never been pretended by anybody that Congress*
has any such power. And I think, sir, it is not
too much to expect that, if southern gentlemen
will not believe us now, when we disavow any
such intention, they will not do it even if we put
it in the Constitution. It is true that John &mncy
Adams thought that, in case the General Govern-
ment should be called on to suppress a servile
insurrection, the power of doing so must neces-
saiily be somewhere implied in the Constitution,
and would involve control of the whole subject.
Now, if gentlemen would consent, also, to amend
that instrument so as to relieve us of the duty of
suppressing domestic violence in any case where
there is an attempt on the part of the slaves to
recover their freedom by force, then I have no
objection to voting for this alteration. But, se-
riously, I suppose it is, or might be, in certain
not improbable events, of the last importance for
Congress to retain all the power they have over
the subject.
G. The last provision, proposing that no ter-
ritory shall be acquired without the consent of
three fourths of the Senate* means nothing—
might easily be avoided and made nugatory; and
whenever the necessities for more slave territory
demanded, itwould require but little ingenuity
on the part of the propagandists to set it entirely
aside.
I think, then, we may say the border-States
proposition is pretty much disposed of—partly as
meaning nothing, and partly as being impossible
to be complied with.
As it regards tlie question of admitting New
i Mexico as a State, there are several objections to
my mind. Its lack of population, and the consti-
tutional difficulty of carving it into future smaller
States, as is intended, are barriers that it seems
to me ought not to be surmounted. Besides, it
amounts to nothing. Our southern friends spurn
^ the offer. You say that there are but a dozen
slaves there, all told, and that God and natuie for-
bid there should ever be any more. Then, why
and how can it be a propitiatory offering to sla-
very? I am not surprised that they reject it as
unsatisfactory. Most evidently there can be no
advantage in it to slavery, unless, in some way,
it provides for the perpetual establishment of
human bondage in all territory hereafter to be ac-
quired. In any case, I cannot vote for fche admis-
sion of New Mexico under its present laws and
boundaries, and with its present atrocious white
slave code unrepealed.
But, Mr. Speaker, not wishing to be outdone
m making otters of compromise, I respectfully
propose the following:
1. For all persons m arms against the Govern-
ment, or who are plotting its overthrow, to uban-
l don their rebellion and their treason, restore the
: national fortresses, mints, vessels, com, arsenals,
and hospitals, and other public property they
have appropriated to feed the slaveholders'insur-
rection.
2. To aliojy Mr. Lincoln to take quiet and
peaceable possession of tne administration of the
