52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
J
have forgotten—perhaps that is more than I ought
to say; 1 do not mean it in any offensive sense—
he can hardly have forgotten that controversy.
It engaged every member of the Senate. It was
suddenly sprung upon us. None of us looked
upon the question whether slave property should
or should not go into the Territories; but it was
in regard to the power of Congress to interfere in
the local affairs of the Territory, slavery among
them. But I tell him again, when he informs his
constituents that the northern people are not wil-
ling to give the protection of this Government, to
the full extent of its constitutional authority,
equally to property in slaves with all other prop-
erty, let him apply to my honorable friend from
Mississippi, who introduced those famous caucus
resolutions, and he will find whether I did not
vote for every one of them, except one which un-
dertook to interpret the powers of the Territorial
Legislatures. I believe I did vote against that
resolution; but with the information I afterwards
received from the mover of it, I might have voted
for it.
I have felt that it was due to myself, and my
constituents, that I should contradict the Sena-
tor's assertions of fact; contradict the assertion
that the fugitive slave law is habitually trampled
under foot; contradict the assertion that slaves
cannot be recovered by the ordinary instrumen-
tality of the law in the northern States. They
can, and they are. The cases of exception, such
as the case of Burns, the cases in which the law
is disregarded, are few and trivial. Why, sir, how
many slaves have ever been lost?
Mr. IVERSON. I will respond to the Sena-
tor. That would be impossible for me or any-
body else to ascertain,I apprehend; but I will state
a fact. More than fifteen, perhaps twenty years
ago, I sawan elaborate report made out by a special
committee, raised by the Legislature of the State
of Virginia upon that very question, to ascertain
what were the losses of the State of Virginia in
fugitive slaves; and, even at that time, when ne-
groes were selling at not more than half the pres-
ent value, the report estimated the annual loss to
be $100,000.
Mr. PUGH. I will venture to say that she
has never lost $100,000 in negroes since she has
been in the Union, nor all of them together. Your
fugitive slave law is not twenty-five years old.
When you called for a new one, you got it.
The Senator said that the North resisted the
admission of certain slaveholding States. What
one did she ever keep out of the Union ? Was
not Missouri admitted? Was not Texas ad-
mitted ? Where did the votes come from by which
they were admitted ? No, sir; there are causes
of trouble, legitimate causes, which it our duty,
both from the North and the South, to look upon
with an anxious desire to remove them; but these
invented causes of complaint, this standing upon
mere questions of made history not to be found,
seems to me, with due respect to the Senator from
Georgia, unworthy of him. I think the Senator,
in his anxiety for the new crusade of southern
deliverance, has allowed his passion to get the
better of his judgment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to enter into this discussion any further than
to make a remark in l-esponse to the charge of
the Senator from Georgia, that the fugitive slave
law is not enforced in the northern States. That,
like many other laws, is not enforced in all cases.
1 suppose there never was a law upon the statute-
book of Congress, or of any State or Territory
of this Union, that was not sometimes allowed
to be violated with impunity, or not enforced with
as much fidelity as we would wish. I suppose
the fugitive slave law is not the only one in this
country that is not always enforced. I presume
it is enforced with quite as much fidelity as that
in regard to the African slave trade, or the laws
on many other subjects. But, sir, I confess it is
not enforced as faithfully as I wish it was—not
as faithfully as it ought to be. While I make
this declaration, I am compelled to say that I
think that nine tenths of the complaints upon
that subject are unfounded. When any sectional
strife and sectional excitement occurs, there seems
po be a proneness on the part of the newspaper
press of both sections to collect together every
fact that will inflame the passions and prejudices
of its own section against the other; and in that
way a partial and unfair report qf f'ac.ts is given,
which makes each section act under a misappre-
hension of the other.
In regard to the fugitive slave law, so far as
Illinois is concerned, I am prepared to say that
in my opinion, in nineteen cases out of every
twenty where a fugitive slave enters Illinois, he
is arrested and returned without any judicial pro-
cess whatsoever. Those portions of the State
that border on Missouri and Kentucky, live in
harmony with their neighbors on the other side,
and the fugitive slave is returned as regularly as
a horse or any other property that is stolen. So
in nineteen cases out of twenty, the fugitive is
returned. The newspapers do not notice the fact.
Even the records of your court have no minute of
it. In other cases where there is an arrest, as a
matter of course, they return him, if he turns out
to be a fugitive, and there is no excitement upon
the subject. But perhaps in the twentieth case,
the fugitive gets into that portion of the country
where public sentiment is more excited, and once
in awhile a rescue is made. Then the newspapers
are filled with the horrors of that rescue. One
case of rescue is paraded in the newspaper press
of the whole country, and although itis an excep-
tional case, it is represented as evidence of the
general rule.
I recollect one instance of that kind ocourring
in my own State, and that instance I have noticed
in more than twenty newspapers in the last two
months, paraded in the southern country as an
evidence of the infidelity of our people in the en-
forcement of the law. The newspapers tell us
that last May, perhaps, a fugitive was arrested
by his master in the town of Ottawa, and rescued
by some Abolitionists. There the tale stops; and
then comes the comment: how can people live
together where such outrages arc perpetrated!
The tale, so far as it is told, I believe to be true;
but it is not all told. If they had wished to deal
fairly, they would have recorded the further fact
that the next day the United States marshal made
his appearance at the town of Ottowa, and ar-
rested the rescuers, took them to Chicago, before
the United States commissioner, had them com-
mitted to trial, and in default of bail remanded
them to prison, and kept them in prison until the
1st of October, and then brought them out for
trial, and after indictment before a grand jury,
and a fair trial before a petit jury, they were
called up and sentenced by a Republican judge of
the United States court to the penalties of the law,
and remanded again to prison, to be kept there
until they paid the fines and costs. That is the
balance of the case. If that had been told, I sup-
pose the sting would have been taken out of the
whole charge, and it could not have been used as
fuel for this sectional excitement.
Sir, those cases have occurred frequently in our
northwestern country. It is seldom that a rescue
is made where the penalties are not enforced upon
the rescuers; and then civil suits are brought to
get pay for the slaves and the damages; and the
damages are not generally limited to the value,
but smart money, by way of exemplary punish-
ment, is usually enforced. I think, therefore,
there is very little ground for complaint, so far as
the section of country in which I live is concerned,
on this subject of fugitive slaves; and yet I know
that the southern people are induced to believe a
slave is never returned; that if they once get into
a northern State they are gone forever; and they
are made to believe so simply because the cases
of actual return are never published, and only the
exceptional case of rescue comes to the knowl-
edge of the country. I wish we could have a list
of all the fugitives and of the number returned
and of the number that have been rescued; and 1
venture the assertion that southern gentlemen
would be utterly amazed at the fidelity with which
that law has been executed. I believe, if they
could have a record of all the cases, and a true
statement of the fact, they would bo ashamed to
bring up that subject as one of the causes of com-
plaint which justify the dissolution of this Union.
I have no apology to make for the personal lib-
erty bills. I believe they were made in violation
of the spirit and most of them in violation of the
letter of the Constitution. I believe they never
should have been upon the statute-book. I think
they ought to be repealed at once. I think our
northern people ought to repeal them as a duty
to thcrasi-hes, and not upon the demand of the
southern people. Wo should put ourselves in the
right, and the first step should be to take them
from the statute-book, for they are calculated to
defeat the faithful performance of a constitutional
obligation. The State that I have the honor to
represent has never passed any such law. Our
legislation has been friendly to the performance
of every constitutional obligation. I wish there
was no cause of complaint in other States. But
yet, while we hear the personal liberty bills pre-
sented as the cause of disunion, we are told, and,
so far as I know, the statement is true, that in no
one case have those bills been the cause of de-
priving the master from recapturing his slave.
Those bills generally exist in those parts of the
country where fugitives never go.
It so happens that there is the greatest excite-
ment upon this question just in proportion as you
recede from the line between the free and the slave
States. Those of us that live upon the border,
and have commercial intercourse and social rela-
tions across the line, can live in peace with each
other. There never was a time when my friend
from Missouri and myself could not have settled
this question by referring it to two justices of the
peace, selected on either side of the river, and let
them choose a third, and agree by the award.
Those who live next to each other are friendly to
each other. If you go North, up into Vermont,
where they scarcely ever see a slave, and would
not know how he looked, they are disturbed by
the wrongs of the poor slave just in proportion
as they are ignorant of the South. When you
get down South into Georgia and Alabama, where
they never lose any slaves, they are disturbed by
the outrages and losses under the non-fulfillment
of the fugitive law just in proportion as they have
no interest in it, and dtf not know what they are
talking about. [Laughter and applause in the
galleries.] Now, sir 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The Senator will suspend
his remarks for a moment to allow the Chair to
admonish the galleries. It becomes the duty of
the Chair to say to the galleries that it is his im-
perative duty to maintain order. A renewal of
the disorder in the galleries will impose upon him
a very unpleasant duty; that is, the enforcement
of the rules of the Senate, which requires him to
clear them.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Now, sir, as between Illi-
nois and Kentucky, we should have no difficulty
in settling this question. Between Kentucky and
Ohio and Indiana, I have no doubt they would
settle it upon terms satisfactory to them. So be-
tween Maryland and Pennsylvania. In fact, if
the border States, the border free States, and the
border slaveholding States, who know the evils of
which they complain, and the appropriate remedy
for those evils, should be permitted to decide this
question, I assure you the Union would last for-
ever. If this Union is to be severed, it will be
because the two extremes, who are so far from
each other that they do not understand the evila
of the question, are each acting under a misap-
prehension towards the other, and hence are doing
injustice to each other.
Sir, as 1 said when I arose, I am not going into
the discussion of the merits of any of these ques-
tions. My object in rising was to sustain my
friend from Ohio in the declaration, so far as our
northwestern country is conccrned, that the fugi-
tive slave law is executed with as much fidelity aa
most laws upon the statute-books of the Union;
and in those cases where there has been violence
used, so that the slaves have been rescued after the
arrest, usually there have been prosecutions and
penalties enforced, and, in addition, suits brought,
and the value of the slaves and damages recov-
ered in every case, so far as I know. I will be
willing to leave the question to Judge McLean, and
abide his decision, whether, during the whole pe-
riod he has been upon the bench in the Northwest,
he ever knew a jury in any northwestern State
to refuse to find a verdict where the facts would
permit a verdict to be found. Judge McLean,
Republican as he is, has executed that fugitive
slave law with entire fidelity, so far as I know. I
do not think that any man who has ever wit-
nessed those trials in our courts, would impeach
either the impartiality or the fidelity of any one
of the United States judges, or the finding of the
jury in any one case in that part of the country
in which I reside. There may be an exception.
If there is, I am not aware of it. There may be
