1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1013
Mr. CLARK. I will say to the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, that I shall make no ob-
jection to taking it up to-morrow morning. I will
endeavor to examine it between this time and that.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the gentleman
move to postpone it to a particular time, so that
it shall be called up?
Mr. CLARK. The Senator can take his own
course in regard to it. It shall be entirely subject
to his control. I do not wish to assume the control
of it. I only ask for a little time to examine it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Rut my control amounts
to very little.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will please make
his own motion, and name the time most conve-
nient to himself. I shall be ready by to-morrow
morning.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If the Senate is willing
to give the gentleman a little time, and say that
this bill shall be taken up some named morning,
it will be satisfactory. It is now up, I believe.
Mr. CLARK. I do not understand that it is
now up. I am not opposed to its coming up to;
morrow morning. Let it lie where it is for the
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kentucky move to postpone the bill, and
make it the special,ord^r for half past eleven
o'clock to-morrow morning? ["Oh, no!"]
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Why not?
Mr. CLARK. It is not up.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am ready to go on
With it now; but it is for the accommodation of
others that I move to postpone it until half past
eleven to-morrow morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator, then,
moves to take up the bill, and to postpone it until
to-morrow morning at half past eleven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
SCHOONER, PERSEVERANCE.
Mr. KING. I ask leave of the Senate to take
up the bill (S. No. 524) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue a register to the schooner
Perseverance, of Ogdensburg, State of New York.
1 hope the Senate will allow it to pass. It is one
of those bills which usually pass as a matter of
course. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, [t pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue a register to the owner of the schooner Per-
severance, of Ogdensburg, which was built in
Canada; and the vessel is hereafter to be consid-
ered and deemed to be a schooner or vessel of the
United States, and entitled to all the rights and
priviltges accorded by lawto ships or vessels built
in the United States, if the Secretary shall be sat-
isfied that the owner is a citizen of the United
Slates.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered 10 be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. GWIN. 1 move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the post route bill, which
was under discussion yesterday when the morn-
ing hour expired. I am anxious to have it dis-
posed of; andl hope the Senate will agree to take
it up, so that we may dispose of it this morning.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 ask the kindness of the
Senator from California, without displacing his
motion, to allow me to report back a large num-
ber of references, which encumber the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. GWIN, We have got an hour and a quar-
ter for morning business yet. This will lead to
some discussion.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. With the Senator's con-
sent, it will not displace his motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, now, to the Senators, that for the remain-
der of the session he will feel it his duty to enforce
the rules strictly; and that a Senator cannot take
the floor and make a motion, and withdraw it for
the benefit of other Senators. If he does, he may
not regain the floor. Does the Senator from Cal-
ifornia yield to the Senator from Arkansas?
Mr. GWIN. I ask the Chair, if the morning
hour does not expire at one o'clock, as usual ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the usage has been twelve o'clock, when the Sen-
ate meets at eleven o'clock.
Mr. GWIN. With all due deference to the
Chair, it has always been one o'clock, I think.
I may be mistaken; but I think that has been the
rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The usage has been
for some time back that one o'clock has been the
hour for calling the special orders, when the Sen-
ate met at twelve, and at twelve o'clock when the
Senate meet at eleven.
Mr. GWIN. If the morning hour expires at
twelve o'clock, 1 shall not insist on my motion,
because I have something to say, and I do not
want to be cut off by the expiration of the morn-
ing hour. I withdraw the motion.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 171) to provide for the examination and pay-
ment of certain claims of citizens of Georgia and
Alabama, on account of losses sustained by dep-
redations of the Creek Indians, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Eleazer Williams,
praying that a sum intended to have been secured
to him l>y the terms of a treaty between the Uni-
ted States and the St. Regis tribe of Indians, in
consideration of his services and expenses in their
behalf, but unjustly withheld from him through
the interposition of others, may now be paid to
him, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition and papers of David Bns-
ter and others, citizcns of Texas, praying com-
pensation for property taken from them by the
Comanche ana other tribes of Indians, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Susan E. Gordon,
widow of George Fisher, deceased, praying for
the passage of such measures as may be neces-
sary to execute the joint resolution of June 3,
I860, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the papers in relation to the claims
of the heirs of persons killed at the Mountain
Meadows, in Utah Territory, for property lost,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed lo.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Leonard J. Rose,
praying indemnity for property stolen and de-
stroyed by the Indians, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to. 1
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the papers relating to the claim of
Louis Roberts, praying for indemnification for
losses sustained by him by the burning of certain
Indian supplies while being transpoited to the
country m N ovember, 1855, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, fo whom
was referred the memorial of Harrow, Porter &
Crenshaw, contractors for carrying the mails from
Kansas City, Missouri, to Stockton, California,
praying indemnity for mails stolen by the Indians,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution of the Legislature of
Arkansas, in favor of a modification of the laws
of Congress regulating trade and intercourse with
the Indians,asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the representatives
of the Choctaw nation of Indians, in general coun-
cil assembled, praying for the payment of the
amount due to the Choctaws under the treaty of
June, 1855, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the Legislature of
Wisconsin in relation to the affairs of the Indian
tribes in that State, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom :
was referred the petition of Robert Perkins, pray-
ing indemnity for property stolen and destroyed
by the Indians, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to "whom
was referred the petition of Joel and Thomas R.
Hedgpcth, praying indemnity for losses occa-
sioned by Indian depredations, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the memorial of the principal chief and
his associates, representatives of the" Cherokee
nation of Indians, praying that the President of
the United States may be authorized to purchase
that portion of their territory known as the neu-
tral land, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the papers in relation to claims of
citizens of Texas, to indemnify for depredations
committed by the Indians, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating additional information in relation
to depredations committed by Indians upon citi-
zens of Butte county, California, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a letter of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, communicating, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate of March 3, 1850, a copy of
the report of the Commissionerof Indian Affairs,
in relation to depredations committed by the In-
dians upon the citizens of Butte county, Califor-
nia, asked to be„discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Thomas Brown,
administrator of George Fisher, deceased, of
Floiida, protesting against the repeal of the act
of Congress of June 1, 1860, which provided for
the adjustment of the accounts of said deceased,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Grossbrenner, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President of the United States
approved and signed, on the 18th instant, the fol-
lowing bills:
An act (S. No. 125) for the relief of John Pee-
bles; and
An act (S. No. 274) for the relief of Townsend
Harris, or his heirs, or legal representatives.
Also, that the President this day approved and
signed an act (S. No. 154) for the relief of Ran-
dall Pcgg.
J. RANDOLPH CLAY.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask the Senate to take up the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 5) authorizing the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to re-
vise and adjust the account of John Randolph
Clay, United States minister to Peru. It is very
short, and I believe it will lead to no debate. It
is a resolution which was referred by the Senate
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and lias
been reported back without amendment. I am
not aware that there is any objection to it from
any quarter.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 5) authorizing the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to revise and
adjust the account of John Randolph Clay, Uni-
ted States minister to Peru, was considered as m
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. HALE. Read the
report in that case.
The Secretary read the report made, from the
Committee on Foreign Relations of the House of
Representatives, from which it appears that Mi.
Clay was appointed charge d'affaires of the Uni-
ted States to Peru on the 17th day of August,
3847, and served in that capacity until the 1st of
July, 1853, at which time he was appointed envoy
extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary to the
same Court, and has continued in the discharge of
the duties of said last-mentioned office ever since.
Under the acts of Congress creating the offices of
foieign missions, and making appropriations to
