1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
pay the salaries of foreign ministers, no place is
designated where their salaries are to be paid. But
under long-established usage, sustained by the
opinion of the Attorney General, (Mr. Mason,) in
the case of Henry A. Wise, United States minister
to Brazil, foreign ministers are entitled to receive
their salaries at the place to which they are accred-
ited. Instead of sending ,the money to pay their
salaries, they have been directed to draw on the
Treasury or certain bankers in London; and where
they have suffered a loss in the sale of such drafts,
the Treasury Department, upon satisfactory proof
being made, have, since 1846, paid the difference
between the amountof the proceeds of such drafts
and the salary due,as "loss in exchange." Mr.
Clay has drawn on the Treasury and the London
bankers for his salary, as directed by the Govern-
ment. In presenting his accounts, he has never
charged or been allowed anything as loss in ex-
change. Sometime in the year 1859, Mr. Clay
presented an account to the Treasury Department
for amounts which he claimed to have allowed as
loss in exchange. The Department declined to
examine and adjust his account, upon the ground
that his case came within a rule long since adopted
by the Department, " that settlements of accounts
of individuals against the United States are not to
be opened for readjustment at the instance of such
individuals, unless new and distinct facts are
shown by legal and sufficient evidence, to justify
such opening and resettlement; but the committee
do not think that the neglect of Mr. Clay to charge
the amounts claimed as loss in exchange in the
accounts which lie was required to render, ought
to be construed as an abandonment of any such
claim, or that he can fairly be charged with knowl-
edge of the fact that his claim would be considered
by the Department as coming within the rule
above stated.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have listened to the report;
and 1 take occasion to say that the rule laid down
by the committee is the clear rule established in
all cases for the payment of the salaries of our
diplomatic agents. Wheie they are compelled to
sell the drafts at a discount, the Government sus-
tains the loss; when4 they sell the drafts af. a
premium, the Government deducts the piemium.
This is merely applying to Mr. Randolph Clay
the rule which the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions has, I understand, universally applied in
all eases, for years past f think it is a just and
equitable claim, and 1 do not think he ought to
be di-baired by the fact that the Department once
decided agamst him, and a new Secretary, when
he came "in, refused to open the account out of
deference to a former Secretary.
Mr, HALE. 1 should like the Senator from
Illinois, if u is in his power, to state a case that
he ever knew or heard of, or that there is any
tiadition of, where any money was paid into the
Treasury by otic of these ministers on account of
his draft being sold at a premium. lie says it is
the uniform practice.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I cannot now give the names
of cases eithei way. During the period I have
been upon the Committee on Foreign Relations,
we have had this identical question before us time
and again, and have uniformly decided that the
just and equitable rule was, if the minister is com-
pelled to sell his drafts at a discount, that lie
should have the real amount of his salary where
lie was; and if he got a premium, the Government
should gain by it. There is a great difference be-
tween the different missions. At some places
there is a heavy discount, and at others a large
premium, and I understand that the Department
of State takes cognizance of the premium and the
discount, and adjusts the salary accordingly. I
do not know anything of this ease, and feel no in-
terest in it. I never heard of it befoie, but 1 un-
derstand from the report that the «.nly objection
now to the State Department paying the claim is
that a previous Secretary had closet! the accounts,
and it is the rule in the Department for one Secre-
tary not to reopen the accounts of aprevi-ms one,
although there may have been but a few da ^s be-
tween the settlement of the account and the change
in the office of Secretary of State. If the only ob-
jection to settling the account according to the
principles of justice and equity and the rules of the
Department, is that there was o sudden change in
the Department, I do not think that fact should de- I
prive him of the just and equitable settlement of
liis case.
Mr. SEWARD. I think the honorable Sena-
tor from Illinois labors under a misapprehension
in regard to one part of the subject, as he pre-
sents it. My recollection is, that, in the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, we have always under-
stood that the Government pays its agents abroad
in funds at par in the country or place where they
are stationed, and that it makes up the deficiency
of exchange. It is clearly just; and that has been
the uniform course of the State Department for a
great many years. I know we have had the sub-
ject before us, as the Senator says, and have come
to that conclusion. I think he falls into an error
in supposing that there have been cases in which
a premium was received and paid over to us. The
remittances are always made in funds 
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator will permit me.
I cannot call to mind the cases that have come be-
fore us. What I mean is, that the committee have
always held that the true rule was, that the min-
ister should receive the par value of his salary at
the place where he was; and where there was
a deficiency, it should be made up; and where
there was a premium, it should be deducted; but
whether the case of a premium has come before
us, I do not know.
Mr.SEWARD. The Senator is right. Itwould
not happen. In England, where the exchange is
in our favor, we pay, through our agents there,
in English funds. In other countries the exchange
is always against us, even in countries where it
would seem that it ought to be otherwise, because
their exchange is with London, and our exchange
has always been on London again, and there we
have put the funds at par; and I see no reason
why the same thing;should not be done here.
Mr. FOSTER. It is not, as I believe, Mr.
President, the case that this account was closcd,
except that there was that partial closing of ac-
counts which is always made up between the De-
partment and the foreign minister quarterly, the
final closing of the accounts being reserved until
the close of the mission. At that time,when the
minister seeks to have his account closed for the
whole, he puts them into hrs account charges of
exchange, that, in point of time, chronologically,
would come into a former quarter. That is the
case here, and they were not allowed. All that
there is in this resolution, is to allow the account
to be settled as <i whole; the previous settlements
being the quai terly settlements, whirh have never
been understood as a closing and adjusting of the
account, but only partially. This is to have the
account simply closcd, as has been the practice
until a very iccent period.
Mr. IIALE. Will some member of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations tell me when this rule
was adopted? Has it always prevailed?
Mr. SEWARD. Always. For twenty-five or
thirty years, certainly.
Mr. HALE. This was an office that this man
held from August, 1847, to July, 1853, it seems
from the report; so that it is eight years since it
terminated. If the rule always prevailed, he knew
it at the time, and the accounting officers knew
it; but his accounts, such as he presented, were
audited and allowed, and he made no charge of
this sort. Sir, pass this bill, and you will have
every account of every diplomatic agent, from the
beginning of the Government, down upon you.
Where the thing is once settled, and he has made
no claim, I am opposed to opening it.
Mr. GWIN. I will say to the Senate that this
gentleman has been absent all the time. He has
been in the foreign service for thirty years. He
has not been in the United States for a great num-
ber of years, and has only come here recently. It
is well known that a gentleman absent in foreign
cuuiui ics, and m South America especially, has
a very bad chance to have a case brought before
Congress, or acted on at all. He is settling the
whole of his accounts.
Mr. FOLK. I think the Senator from New
Hampshire will find that the chum comes down
to a inter date than the last one that he speci-
fied.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He was charge at that
time, and since then has been full minister.
Air. FOSTER, lie is still minister, except
that he has been recalled within a very short time,
in consequence of disturbances between oui Gov-
ernment and Peru.
Mr. HALE. We shall have every account
we have ever settled on us, if wepass this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the third reading of the joint resolution.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to hear the
joint resolution read, to sec how muck it amounts
to.
The Secretary read it.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading—ayes twenty-five; noes not counted. It
was read the third time, and passed.
MISSION" OP PEACE 3?ltOM VIRGINIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of twel ve
having arrived, the Chair will call up the special
order. The special order set for to-day was the
message of the President communicating to the
Senate a series of resolutions adopted by the Le-
gislature of Virginia, on which the Senator from
Massachusetts has the floor; but the unfinished
business of yesterday takes precedence, being
the tariff bill.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the message be
postponed to Thursday at one o'clock.
Mr. LANE. I was not fortunate enough to get
the floor when this message was last under con-
sideration. It was my desire to speak then, oras
soon as possible. The Senator from Massachu-
setts, however, got the floor, and moved to post-
pone it until Monday—if I recollect aright—then
until Tuesday, and now until Thursday. The
session is coming to a close, and I am very anx-
ious to have a few moments to speak on this mes-
sage. If the Senator will say that he will be ready
on Thursday, and that I may have an opportu-
nity to follow him then, I shall be very much
obliged to him, so that there may be some cer-
tainty about the matter.
Mr. WILSON. I have been prepared to speak-
for weeks upon this question, as far as I make
any preparation; and should have done so, had it
not been for the pressure of the important meas-
ures which are before us. I have consented, at
the solicitation of our friends here, to postpone
speaking upon the question day after day. I
should be glad to go on to-day; but we have the
tariff, and we have important bills, important to
the Government, and we have not time to con-
sider them. I piopose to put it off until Thuis-
day, in the hope that tRis will be acted on, and
that then we may obtain a few hours for the mes-
sage of the President. If we cannot do so, I will
unite with the Senator from Oregon in hokhngan
evening session to consider this question, as there
are several Senators who desire to speak on the
general subject. I hope it will be postponed until
Thursday, and then 1 will try the best I can io
get it up.
Mr. LANE. 1 do not want to interpose any
objection; butl want it distinctly understood that
1 believe I was entitled to the floor on this mes-
sage before this time. I was directly and per-
sonally assailed when the message was last up>
and I thought it was my right to have an oppor-
tunity to reply then; but not being fortunate
enough to get the floor, as I said before, I now
desire that some agreement shall be made that
will fix a time when I can have the floor; and if
the Senator's purpose is to delay this, to put it
off from time to time, until the close of this ses-
sion,. it is not fair to me.
Air. WILSON. I will say to the Senator from
Oregon, that I certainly have no desire to keep
him from the floor. My only desire is to put
along the important and necessary business of the
session. _ Now, I propose to put this message •
over until Thursday. If we cannot get the time
then, I will propose that the Senate hold an even-
ing session, and he can have the floor, and sev-
eral of ua may speak upon this subject; but the
Senator must know that at this stage of the
session we are crowded beyond measure with
important bills that cannot be. put off.
Mr. LANE. I have not another word to say*
only this: I shall be very much obliged to the
Senator if he will agree now that when this mes-
sage comes up for consideration on Thursday, if
he is not ready to speak, he will allow me" the
privilege.
Mr. WILSON. I shall be ready to speak, if
the Senate will be ready to hoar me. I will make
the effort, at any rate.
IV! r. LANE. When this is agiped upon between
us, I imagine the Senate will not interpose any
