1016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
act; and the sum of $20,000 i« hereby appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
pay the expenses of preparing the certificates of stock or
Treasuiv notes lieiein authorized, to be done in the usual
modo arid under the ifistriotions as to employment and pay-
merit ot officers contained in the laws authorizing foimer
loans and issue* of Treasutv notes; and it shall be at the
option of tiohirr& of the Treasury notes hereby authorized
b> this aer, to exchange the same for the stock herein au-
thorized, at pat, or for bonds, in lieu of which said Treas-
nty notes were issued: Provided, That no certificate shall
be exchanged for Treasury notes in sums less than §500.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to say a word
on this amendment. It seems to me that the ef-
fect, if not the object of it, must be to establish in
the country an irredeemable paper currency, is-
sued by the Government. It professes that these
Treasury notes shall be paid out only to such
creditors as desire to receive them. I wonder
what class of creditors are looked to as those who
will be willing to receive a depreciated currency?
You are only to issue them in the eventthat your
credit will not enable you to borrow money at 6
per cent. That is the state of the case you sup-
pose. Six per cent.,or8 percent., or 10 percent,
might be satisfactory to the President; but if, in
his judgment, the rate upon which you can ob-
tain money upon your credit is not satisfactory,
then, finding that you have no credit, you are to
issue your paper. This is a very easy way, nom-
inally, of supplying the want of credit. When
you have ascertained that you have notthe credit
to obtain it at a reasonable price, you issue your
paper upon a market in which you have no credit?
What can be hoped from such a measure as
this' I appeal to my friend from Rhode Island:
what can you expect from it? Who will take
your paper? Nobody that consults his interest
will take your paper. Your own premises lead
irresistibly to that conclusion—that your paper
would be of less value than silver, and it is there-
fore that vou issue it. How will it get into cir-
culation, but «t tin; loss of him who takes it; and
upon what piinciple of human action are you to
expect anybody to be wilhng to take it for the
same amount due to him in money5 Nobody,
unless you suppose that there are a class of Gov-
ernment creditors so far under the influence of
Government that they will be influenced against
their will to receive these notes.
This would be a forced as well as an irredeem-
able currency thrown upon the country; and,sir,
to the extent that you could enforce its circula-
tion, what would he the effect of itJ The effect
of it would he, to thatsame extent to displace the
more valuable cunency fiom circulation. That
is always the law of such currency; the more
valuable is put aside, and the less valuable is
used and put oil* into other hambs. Its tendency
is to expel money, as far as you can do so, by the
use of a less valuable currency, altogether injuri-
ous to the public; more injurious in all its con-
sequences than any imaginable rate of interest
which you would be obliged to give to hire or
borrow money. As a measure of economy, there-
fore, it does not seem to be wise, nnd it seems to
mc to be forbidden by all the laws that condemn
ari irredeemable cunency, especially when that
currency is issued by the Government of the
country.
I think it will be nugatory, in the first place,as
regards the Government; that they cannot avail
themselves of such a measure to any useful ex-
tent. If they can, then it will be injurious to the
people of the country for the reasons I have stated.
I think, theiefore, ii' the time has come when our
credit is so far impaired in the public maikets of
the world that we have to give a higher price than
is satisfactory, for money, we had better, all the
consequences considered, incur that loss at once
than introduce into the currency of the country a
disorder more injurious in its result than any rate
of interest you could gne.
I desire to a (lord every facility to the incoming
Administration to maintain jtseff, and to maintain
all the blanches of the public, service piofirablv to
the country, and advantageously and beneficially
to the country. That I desire; but it seems to mc,
that this measure must fail of its effect; that it is
objectionable, not only because it will produce no
beneficial results, and will not obtain for the
Government any of the advantages winch money
would, but in its consequences, j* will he more
injurious than the highest, puce you can give foi
money. When are these notes to be payable: It is
not specified in this amendment. The payment
of the interest is to be semi annual; but it is not
said when the principal shall be paid; but by ref-
erence perhaps to the loan, it is to be paid when
the loan will be paid, if we could obtain it. If, by
that reference, we are not to limit the time when
the notes are to be paid, there is no time fixed
when they shall be paid. It is commencing the same
sort of career, and we are exactly on the highway
that led to the issue of continental paper m the
days of our great revolutionary necessities. We
are not so low, it seems to me, that we are com-
pelled to enter upon that course; therefore, sir, I
am opposed to the amendment altogether. Its
object is to issue these Treasury notes as low as
$20, evidently with the hope that they are to be-
come a circulating medium in the country. It is
to that I object.
Mr. BAYARD. I will move further to amend
the amendment by inserting a limitation in point
of time. I shall vote against the amendment any-
how, because I regard it as providing for a paper
currency; but I think the power to issue these
notes should be limited to the 30th of December,
1861. That will give time for the meeting of an-
other Congress. I do not like to give an unlim-
ited power of this kind, requiring the repeal of
the power by positive legislation, unless the ne-
cessity absolutely calls for it. In the present con-
dition of the country, and the present embarrassed
state of the Treasury, it may be that, in order to
procure money to carry on the Government, notes
should be issued by the Treasury of the United
States, and payments made in that mode; but
surely, wo ought not to make that a permanent
power; it ought to last only from Congress to Con-
gress; and 1 therefore move further to amend the
amendment by adding:
Jind -provided fuitker, That the authority to Issue the said
Treasuiv notes or give the same in payment foi debts due
from the (7mt«'d State'-, shall be limited to the 30th daj of
December, Jn61.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope that amendment will
not prevail. There is an amendment, I believe,
in some part of this bill, offered by the Senator
from Maryland, that none of these notes shall be
given for the expenses of the current fiscal year.
Now, the Senator from Delaware proposes to ter-
minate their issue on the 30th December next.
That will be one day short of six months for the
useof them; and I think, it* we consult the views
of gentlemen not over-friendly to the proposition
itself, we shall, before "we get through, have the
power limited to a mouth. I should like to make
a suggestion to the Senator from Kentucky. Va-
rious loan bills are authorized, and it is doubtful
whether the money can begot without a very large
discount on the amount of the bonds. There is
a feverish state of anxiety among money-lenders
that may induce them to withhold their money,
unless they can get very extravagant rates for it.
The Senator says that this is commencing a sort
of continental paper money system. How many
times have that Senator and myself voted for issu-
ing Tieasury notes when the Government was
short of funds? Ever since we have been here,
invariably. I recollect, that, in 1841, the Govern-
ment was crippled in its finances, and we made a
loan and issued Treasury notes. When we came
here, in 1857, at the very first month of the ses- !
sion, we authonzed the issue of Treasury notes, i
and they have been reissued and reissued; and !
the very first month of the session we authorized
anothei issue of Treasury notes because the loans
would not be taken. Have they not answered the
purposes for whieh they weie issued?
Everyone knows that although a man might
not be willing to take a bond for $1,000, payable
twenty years ahead, he would take §1,000 of
Treasury notes when he could use them any time
he had occasion to use them in the payment of
Government dues. It is a very different species ]
of paper from that which us payable twenty years !
| ahead. It is always convertible if a man has any '
;! transactions with the Government. i
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator allow me to j
ask him a question ? [
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. Docs not this amendment
propose that the holder of the Treasury note may
fund it?
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly. That is the very
object. Whenever money becomes easy, and con-
fidence is restored, the holder may convert the
notes into the bonds we have authonzed. That
is just the object; but if these times of trouble and
agitation, I had almost said of intentional agita-
tion, disturbing the minds of moneyed men, con-
tinue a year, do not let us stop the Government;
do not let us be hawking about bonds payable
twenty years ahead, and begging for money. Let
the people who are willing to trust this Govern-
ment take these notes. I tell you there are mil-
lions ofthem; honest, true-hearted men, Joversof
their country and their Government, laboring men,
all kinds of men, who will take these notes. They
are not a currency, because they will bear inter-
est. When we have issued Treasury notes hith-
erto for a currency—and I have seen them afloat
—they were at 1 mill per cent., one tenth of 1 per
cent, per annum, so that the interest could never
amount to anything of consequence. Then, they
were a currency; but these notes are to bear 6 per
cent, interest. They will not pass from hand to
hand.
Certainly this is no new expedient in this Gov-
ernment. During the last war, Treasury notes
were circulated, and the Government issued 7 per
cent.Treasury notes, and sold them at 62| cents
on the dollar, and took their pay in Baltimore
money that was at 25 per cent, discount.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will my friend from
Rhode Island permit me to ask him upon what
time are these notes to be issued ?
Mr. SIMMONS. They are to be payable in
the same time that the stock was that they are
issued in lieu of, of course.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That would be twenty
years.
Mr. SIMMONS. They are not to be payable
in cash until twenty years are up.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. And you propose to
issue a note for $20, payable twenty years ahead.
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir; we do not say when
they shall be paid.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Is the President to issue
them payable at any time he pleases?
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no objection to putting
in that they shall be redeemable at the pleasure
of the Government.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The question is, how
does this amendment regulate it, or is it regulated
at all?
Mr. SIMMONS. It is regulated by the time
the bonds are payable.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. So I suppose. What
time is that r
Mr. SIMMONS. Twenty years.
Mi. CRITTENDEN. He is to issue a Treas-
ury note to run twenty years?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That is what I under-
stand.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to know what
difficulty there is in having a Treasury note draw-
ing interest for twenty years, any more than a
bond drawing interest for twenty years.
Mr. SEWARD. Or a bank note.
Mr. SIMMONS. A bank note does not draw
interest. I have no paiticular partiality for Tieas-
ury notes"; but if we cannot get money for our
bonds at par, I propose to make it optional with
the President either to take it at a discount, or to
issue these notes; and I should like to ask if it is
not proper for any Executive to have that option.
If the bonds should be taken at 93 or 99, it might
be a question whether he had not better submit
to 1 or l2 per cent, for twenty years; but he can-
not issue these notes provided the stock is taken
at par. That is the provision. If the bidding is
at par for the (J pel cent, stock, he has no right
to issue these notes. It is only in the contingency
that the par value is not offered for the bonds; and
that he thinks the public interests will be sub-
served by issuing the notes, that he is to put out
Treasury notes. When the Secretary of the Treas-
ury advertises for these bonds, if offers should be
made at 99, I have no doubt the President would
accent them just as the Senator from Kentucky
would,and put out the money in bonds for huge
sums, lather than these Treasury notes, which
cost something to issue, and it takes many ofthem
to make $1,000. If the terms bid for the loan are
ruinous and exacting, I want the Government to
have some other opportunity to seekanotherclass
of men—men who do not deal in millions, and
who have small sums that they would like to loan
their Government. It is for their convenience.
I happened to read this morning, in a ICen-
