66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
the extreme South, in the cotton States, on the
one hand, which lost very few skives, anil those
living in the extreme northern States, on the other
hand, who are so much excited on the question,
and to whose States fugitives hardly ever escape,
know very little about it, and that their excite-
ment is just in proportion to their distance from
the dividing line, and their ignorance of the sub-
ject.
Mr. MASON. Well, sir, the substance of the
remarks of the Senator was that, in truth, there
was hardly a grievance in it, either in the border
States or elsewhere. I hardly felt myself called
upon to advert to statements of that kind before
my constituents who know the facts. I think the
Senator said that he did not suppose there had
been the value of $100,000 in slaves lostin twenty
years,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I said nothing of the kind,
and did not allude to that subject.
Mr. MASON. I beg the Senator's pardon,
then. I ascribed to him what fell from somebody
else. The Senator from Ohio I believe it was
who said it. Well, then, the Senators are mis-
informed. In the report made to the Legislature
some few years ago, on the occasion of some
flagrant case, I think it was estimated that our
loss was equal to $100,000 a year
Mr. PUGH. It seems to mo that the Senator
from Virginia, as well as the Senator from Ken-
tucky, is not keeping to the issue. The allega-
tion of the Senator from Georgia was not with
regard to the escape of this property—I know that
it escapes; buthis allegation was that these Slates
nullified the fugitive slave act; and I said that
neither Virginia, nor all the southern States put
together, have ever lost §100,000 of property by
violations of that law. The law may not be
sufficient. Property may escape. Idonotknow
what escapes that way; but let us have the prop-
osition.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, when I camo
here at this session I thought the argument was
exhausted. Wo know what our grievances are;
we have felt them year after year; and know that
they are unredressed. Still, gentlemen tell me
that it is not because they do not enforce the fugi-
tive slave law; they will enforce it if we bring it
into their courts, they say. 'Jhat may be; but we
feel humiliated that we live in a common Govern-
ment, as members of a common Government, that
we have a covenant for our rights, and that cov-
enant is habitually disregarded; and we are not
answered when wo are told that if we will get the
case into court the grievance shall be redressed.
Sir, we know that when a slave escapes from
the borders of Virginia, and gets into the State of
Pennsylvania, and the owner or the agent of the
owner pursues him, he docs it at the peril of his
life, and at the peril of his liberty; ana that under
the laws of that State. I know it. We had in
the county adjoining the one where I live, within
a very few years, a very respectable and respons-
ible gentleman there, m the county of Hamp-
shire, who lost two or three slaves. He pursued
them with a member of his family, a nephew,
into the State of Pennsylvania; and they were
not only rescued from their hands when they were
seized, but the nephew being present and the
owner not, he was incarcerated, put in jail, and
put under bonds to take his trial as a felon. I
knew the men; I knew it was the property of the
men. Their lives were imperiled by a mob; and
this young man went back and stood his trial
upon an indictment as a felon, and the expenses
were borne by the State of Virginia.
We have a covenant and a Constitution that
this all shall not be; we are members of a com-
mon Government, over which that Constitution
extends; and I say, sir, we are humiliated and
dishonored in our own eyes that we remain mem-
bers of a common Government, when the cove-
nant is rot only not regarded, but when our peo-
ple arc imperiled if they go to enforce it. I am
not answered when I am told that in this case, or
in that case, or the other case, before such a
judge as doubtless the honorable Senator from
Illinois was while he was ajudgein his own State,
the law has been fairly and honorably adminis-
tered.
Sir, the offense is, that in the non-slaveholding
States they do not see that that covenant is exe-
cuted. It is their duty to us, as their confederates
ill acommon Government, that they shall see that
it is executed; and I am not answered when I am
told that the Supreme Court has decided that the
burden 'of executing the Constitution is upon the
Federal Government, and not upon the State gov-
ernments. They have given it that construction;
but is it not the duty of the State governments,
if they intend to live in peace and in harmony
with their neighbors, or if they intend to preserve,
this Constitution, is it not the duty of the States
to take care that their people shall observe the
law, and by State legislation, by those very police
enactments to which the honorable Senator refers,
to preserve, not the peace alone, but the honor of
their people? They came under this Government,
and if they cxpcct us to live with them, we have
a right to exact that they shall see that the cove-
nant is faithfully carried into execution.
That is the grievance. The loss of property
continuing for years is felt; and our people feel,
and ought to feel, that they are degraded, when
their property is lost and they have no govern-
ment at home or in the Federal power which will
protect them or return it. I know of one gentle-
man, my neighbor, a comparatively young man,
who has already lost $10,000 worth of that prop-
erty; I know of another who is my neighbor who
lost $10,000 of it by one escape; and they live
under a government in the State of Virginia that
is incapable of protecting them; and why? Be-
cause she is under engagements to the Federal
Government which she regards, and the Federal
engagements to her are disregarded: that is the
grievance. I thought the argument was ended;
and yet gentlemen rise now and say, " really that
is no grievance at all, and if you are going to di-
vide the Union on that, let us have up each indi-
vidual case, and we can show you that you are
mistaken; that you are suffering no grievance." I
really did not fee! called upon to respond to it
until it was suggested by the honorable Senator
from Illinois in his reference to the border States.
The loss of property is felt; the loss of honor is
felt still more. I say my people are degraded and
humiliated when tliey are conscious that they
tolerate a Government which is incapable of pro-
tecting them, refuses to protect them, and they
yet remain in that Government. That is their
Condition.
I did not intend to go into it, for I really sup-
posed the argument, was exhausted. We are to
deal now with facts, and among them is this one
in regard to fugitive slaves. It is only one. I
have never yet brought my judgment to the con-
viction that we in Virginia should break up this
Union, or counsel others to break up this Union,
for that reason alone—not because the fugitive
slave law has not been administered—it may be
administered when the Federal power can be
brought to bear upon it. That, as I said, is not
the grievance; it is that we are living under a
common Government with those who do not keep
faith in that particular. I have not brought my
judgment to believe that wo should break up the
Government on that account alone. It is only
one of the list. I would refer to another of these
Federal relations in regard to slaves—the case of
Lemmon and his slaves in New York. As well
as I recollect it, ho was a gentleman from Vir-
ginia, who was going to Texas, taking with him
his slaves, to settle there. He could not sail
directly for Texas from any port in Virginia; and
he went to New York simply to embark, and for
no other purpose. His property was taken from
him and set free; he was despoiled of it by the
laws of New York. I do not deny the right of
New York to pass such laws as she deems proper;
I do not complain that New York passes such
laws as she thinks proper; but I say we are
humiliated if we live under a common Govern-
ment with a State that treats her confederates in
that manner. Why, sir, in Michigan they have
a law which makes it a felony if a gentleman pass
ing near goes into the State with his slave and
claims him as his slave while he is there; and
that is a common Government, a Government of
equals, a fraternal Government! It may very
well happen that one ignorant of the laws of
Michigan, who is passing through Canada, may
go into Michigan, merely in transitu through that
State; but he will be pounced upon as a violator
of its laws, and subjected to a felon's doom.
Michigan has a right to pass such laws as she
pleases; but I say we are humiliated if we remain
under a common Government with those who ad-
minister the Government with us upon such a
policy.
That is the grievance, and that it was which
led me to say, in some remarks I made yesterday,
that if we are to continue under this Federal Gov-
ernment in any form, if the Government is not to
be broken to pieces and irretrievably ruptured, if
any remedy can be found for the grievances of
which we complain in the South, it is not to be
found in the Halls of Congress; it is beyond the
reach of their legislation; it must be found in the
conventions of me people in the States. They
must act as States, and determine for themselves
whether they will remain in the Confederacy, in-
sisting upon their present line of policy, or whether
they will allow that Confederacy to be broken.
The people must determine. 1 confess I have
been disappointed, seeing what we see.is taking
place at the South now, that there are no move-
ments of any kind in the free States to go into
convention, far more to call their Legislatures.
I am free to say that I have an earnest desire to
remain in the Confederation—I believe such is the
feeling of my State, and certainly it is my own;
but I know, knowing the spirit of my people, that
they are conscious that the time has come now
for a settlement, and a final settlement; that that
settlement cannot be had in Congress, it is to
be had by the States; and that nothing can either
continue the present Union or enable us to recon-
struct it, unless we can get substantial, unequiv-
ocal evidence from the non-slaveholding States
that they will permit us, enable us, to live with-
them under a common Government, by legislating
at home in aid of the Federal Government where
it may be necessary, in such manner as to carry
the covenants of the Constitution into effect.
There the remedy must' come from.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust I shall be pardoned
for another word. The Senator from Virginia
makes it a pointof complaint now that " we,"as
he uses the term—meaning, of course, Virginia
and her sister slaveholding States—are humiliated
in living in a Union with other States where good
faith is not kept. This is a serious charge.
Mr. MASON. The Senator has not exactly
stated my position. I say the people ofVirginia
must feel humiliated, I certainly do, in living in
a Government under a covenant which the other
parties to it do not keep, and which, while wc
remain under a common Government, we have it
not in our power to make them keep, and there-
fore the people of Virginia are under a Govern-
ment incapable of protecting them in their rights
of property. That is it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I accept the explanation
with pleasure. Then the complaint is, that we
do not keep the covenant provided for in the Con-
stitution. That covenant is, that fugitive slaves
shall be surrendered. We acknowledge the cov-
enant; and I understand that our pledge is, that
we wijl keep it in the mode contemplated by the
Constitution. What was that mode? First, that
Congress should supply the requisite legislation
necessary to carry that obligation into effect.
Congress did, in 1793, pass a bill that was sup-
posed to be sufficient. In 1850, a supplementary
law was passed. Why? Because the Supreme
Court of the United States had decided that so
much of the act of 1793 as made it the duty of
justices of the peace and other State officers to
execute the Constitution of the United States was
not binding. That decision rendered it neces-
sary for us to pass a new law to remedy that evil,
by which United States officers should be substi-
tuted for those of the States, in obedience to the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States. Inasmuch as we of the free States did
not perhaps understand the subject as well as the
slaveholding States, we agreed, by common con-
sent, that the slaveholding States should make
their own law; and finding no man in America
so well qualified to prepare a good law, exactly
adapted to the faithful execution of this obligation,
as the Senator from Virginia, to him was assigned
the duty and honor of preparing the law. We
passed his law into effect. The law now, which
it is complainec' does not work well, is the one
which he wrote. We took it, I believe, as ho
prepared it; and we are now told that we are
guilty of bad faith, because his law is not exe-
cuted! Whose fault is it that it is not executed?
The Supreme Court has decided that it is the
duty of the Federal Government to execute the
