m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December J.1,
in the Territories, why doss not some one of you
bring in a bill to protect slavery in the Territories ?
It will not do for you to say you will destroy the
Union for fear we will not do that which no man
of you will bring forward a law to do. Nor will
it do for you to assume that such a bill would
not be passed, until you.make the effort. I am
ready to meet that question whenever you bring
up the bill. Point out your grievance, write your
bill to fit the grievance, and after you have pre-
pared your bill, I will discuss its provisions with
jou; and when you come to its passage, then I
will show you my vote on the bill itself; and
I want you to record yours at the same time. It
will be time enough for you to assign that as a
cause for breaking up the Union when you have
made an effort and have failed in getting the law
passed.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois, instead of answering my question,
with what might be considered Yankee shrewd-
ness propounds another; and instead of speaking
to my indictment, he prefers one against me.
Now, sir, I stand upon the record, and defy him
to produce it here. When the Senator from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Davis] introduced resolutions set-
ting forth the doctrines which I have stated, af-
firming the right to protect property, the other
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] intro-
duced another resolution, the precise words of
which I do not now recollcct; bu't it declared that
an emergency had now arisen requiring legisla-
tion——
Mr. DAVIS. " Experience having shown that
the Constitution and common law do not afford
us sufficient protection." That was the language.
Mr. WIGFALL. Be that as it may, when that
question came up, I voted for Mr. Davis's reso-
lution, which contained a clear, distinct declara-
tion that we were bound to protect slave property
wherever protection was necessary; and I did not
vote for Mr. Brown's resolution, for the rea-
sons which were then given, that as to the fact
whether a prohibitory law had passed in Kansas
or not, I was not advised, nor as to whether such
a law would be there enforced; and I was not ad-
vised whether the courts would then immediately
bring a case up; and for divers other reasons, I
chose not to vote for it. It was, in addition to
that, changing the issue.
Mr. DAVIS. If my friend from Texas will
allow me, I think I can assist his memory. The
resolution which was voted upon and negatived
was one which declared that experience had shown
that the Constitution and common law did not
afford sufficient protection to property in slaves
in the Territories. The bill, which was to annul
the legislation of Kansas, was referred to a com-
mittee, and was reported back by that committee,
and you never voted upon it at all, because it
never was brought to a vote. There was no vote
upon the direct question.
Mr. WIGFALL. I have, sir, confused 
Mr. DODGLAS. I should like to have the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] state
what his amendment was. I was sick at the time,
and absentfroni the Senate. I have stated it from
recollection of it as it was in the newspapers; but
if 1 find that I have done the Senator from Texas
injustice on a matter of fact, I should like an op-
portunity to correct it; but I would like the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, who moved the amendment,
to stale what it was.
Mr. WIGFALL. Do you mean Mr. Brown's
amendment to Mr. Davis's resolution?
Mr. DOUGLAS., Yes, sir.
Mr. WIGFALL. I recollect it. It was that
the emergency had already arisen.
Mr. BROWN. I suppose, with the indul-
gence of Senators, I can state precisely what were
the facts. My colleague introduced resolutions,
one of which was to this effect—I may not quote
the language precisely: that whenever experi-
ence shall show that the executive and judicial
branches of the Government have not sufficient
powers to give adequate protection to slave prop-
erty in the Territories, then it will become neces-
sary and proper forthe Congress to interpose and
fjive that protection. That was the fifth resolu-
tion in the series. I, from circumstances which
I do not detail, as I have been interpolated into
this discussion, believing the emergency had al-
ready arisen, moved, as an amendment, a resolu-
tion declaring that experience having already
shown that the Constitution and the common law
do not afford sufficient protection, it has become
the duty of Congress to interpose and afford that
protection. That was the substance of those
resolutions. And now, in reference to the bill
which I introduced—a bill to annul the laws of
Kansas abolishing slavery in that Territory, and
denouncing penalties against the master who
claimed the right of property in a slave: I pre-
sented it upon a certified copy of an act of the
Territorial Legislature of Kansas, showing that
they had passed laws not only abolishing slavery
in that Territory, but denouncing the penalty (if
my memory serves me) of $200 fine—a fine, at all
events—and imprisonment. I referred that bill
to the Committee on Territories, of which my
friend from Missouri [Mr. Green] is chairman.
At the same session we had a bill, from the
House of Representatives, repealing the laws of
New Mexico protecting slavery. My bill, ac-
cording to my recollection, was held by the com-
mittee one hundred and ten days, or about that
time. In the same month, and within ten days
of each other, the Senator from Missouri reported
back both bills. He reported against the bill of
the House of Representatives, and reported in
favor of discharging the committee from the fur-
ther consideration of my bill. As I understood
the report on my bill, it was this: that the propo-
sition was not worthy of consideration. I know
the committee did not say so; but when a Senate
or House committee have propositions which they
think not worthy of consideration, they ask to be
discharged from them. They are not regarded as
worthy of being reported for or against. That is
the way I view it. There was no vote upon the
bill in the Senate, as my colleague says. I rose
in my place, on the report of the Senator from
Missouri being made, (and, if the record is cor-
rectly kept, it will show it,) and objected to the
consideration of the report then. The report on
the House bill was considered, and the Senate
agreed to it.
Mr. GREEN. No.
Mr. BROWN. I think so. My friend will
find, when he looks to the record, that he is mis-
taken.
Mr. GREEN. The report on the House bill
was not considered, and it is now depending on
the Calendar.
Mr. BROWN.
mistaken.
Mr. GREEN. I know I am not.
Mr. BROWN. I will consult the record.
Mr. WIGFALL. That is not the question.
Mr. BROWN. I am answering the question
put to mu by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. WIGFALL. That is going off on an out-
side issue.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator from Texas
will allow mo, I will now present the record. I
have here the Journal. His statement is, that
because we do not pass acts of Congress to protect
slave property in the Territories, that fact is one
of the causes for dissolving or breaking: up the
Union. 1
Mr. WIGFALL. ]Nfo sir. I said that one of
the causes, and one that has created more excite-
ment and dissatisfaction than any other, is, that
this Government will not hereafter, and when it
is necessary, interpose to protect slaves as prop-
erty m the Territories; and I asked the Senator
if he would abandon his squatter-sovereignty no-
tions and agree to protect slaves as all other
property?
Mr. DOUGLAS. My answer to that was this:
that no such necessity yet exists, and that the
Senator so voted, and the Senate so voted, at the
last session; and i could not imagine that he was
going to break up the Government on account of
evils that do not exist, and may never arise. He
denies that he ever voted that there is no such
necessity existing. I have the record.
Mr. WIGFALL. Well, now, read it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The resolution of Mr. Davis,
of Mississippi, or rather one of his series of res-
olutions, was this:
"That the exMin-r condition of the Teni'toties; of the
United States does not require the intervention of Congress
for the protection of property in slaves."
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no. No such resolution.
Mr. WIGFALL. It is Mr. Clingman's res-
olution, not Mr. Davis's, that you arc reading.
The Senator will find himself
Mr. DOUGLAS. Perhaps I have got the
wrong resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, very wrong.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Nevermind. Idonotcare
whether it is Mr. Davis's or Mr. Clingman's,
Mr. DAYIS. But that is very different from
what Mr. Davis proposed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, if it turns out that
way:
" On motion by Mr. Brown, to amend the same by strik-
ing out the word ' not;' so that it would read:
"That the existing condition of the Territories of the
United States does require the intervention of Congress
for the protection of property in slaves."
Mr. WIGFALL. I voted against that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. On the vote'being taken, the
Senate refused to strike out the word " not," the
Senator from Texas included.
Mr. WIGFALL. Yes.
Mr. DOUGLAS. So as to leave the resolution
to stand that it did not require it, instead of that
it did. Now, I should like to see whether the
same amendment was not offered to the reso-
lution of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Davis.]
Mr. DAYIS. I wanted to say to the Senator
that it was Mr. Clingman's amendment to my
resolution, and that now he perceives the very
great importance of his not making the mistake;
because that was not one of the series, and was
not a resolution adopted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As I said, if you will give
me an opportunity, if you will give me until to-
morrow morning, I will examine the record.
Mr. DAVIS. Of course.
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 have not the slightest ob-
jection.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I still understand the Sen-
ator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] to have
moved an affirmative proposition that interven-
tion was necessary, and that the Senate voted it
down. At any rate, if intervention was neces-
sary, and Senators would not bring in a bill for
it, that only shows that those gentlemen were all
recreant to the cause of the South in not bringing
it in; and when they never have brought in the
bill, certainly thoy are not going to dissolve the
Union because I was not in favor of it.
Mr. WIGFALL. Oh, we do not intend to
dissolve it at all! [Laughter.J
Mr. IVERSON. Allow me to go over that
matter, to place myself right.
Mr. WIGFALL. You voted with the rest of
us on that matter?
Mr. IVERSON. No.
Mr. WIGFALL You voted against us?
Mr. IVERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. WIGFALL. Then you voted right, and
you need not explain. [Laughter.] The Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] intro-
duced a resolution—
"That the existing condition of the Territories of the
united States does not requiic tiic intervention of Congress
tor tile piotection of property in slaves."
Mr. Brown moved to strike out " not," and
declare—
"That the existing condition of the Territoiios of the
United States docs refjniie the intervention of Congress
for the protection of propeity in slaves." °
I voted against both, and Senators here will rec-
ollect well, those who were in the Chamber, that
I gave as a reason, that the Senator from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Davis] had introduced a resolution
setting forth a principle—the duty of the Govern-
ment to afford protection to slave property—and
that I was willing to vote for that principle; that
the other Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
and the Senator from Noith Carolina [Mr. Cling-
man] were coupling it with a fact, and that I was
opposed to mixing questions of law and of fact
at that time. I said il was a matter upon winch
I was not advised; and 1 recollect very well say-
ing, jestingly, that I supposed it would be very
well to have the question of fact referred to the
Covode committee, and get a report on it at the
next session of Congress.
I voted against the resolution declaring that the
emergency already existed; 1 voted against the
resolution declaring that it did not exist. I did
not choose to be diverted from the dneet path of
duty which lay before me; and that was, to have
a declaration of a great principle. I beg- pardon
of the Senator from Illinois for using the phrase
" great principle." I did not mean it disrespect-
