1020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
proposed that the States should indorse the secu-
rities of the United States. I am sure that if he
had reflected upon the peculiar structure and char-
acter of this Government, or upon its history, he
would find nothing very surprising, as I certainly
find nothing very alarming in this. It is a com-
plex Government, consisting of States and'of a
Federal Government. It has happened in our
history, that the States have been endangered,
that the States have been embarrassed in prose-
cuting systems of internal improvement, and their
crcdit has sunk so low that they have applied, and
earnestly applied, to the Government of the United
States to indorse their bonds. I remember when,
in the year 1817, the State of New York came to
Congress, asking a loan of the credit of this Gov-
ernment, to enable it to construct the Erie canal,
asking a loan of credit to what was then thought
the enormous sum of $8,000,000; and yet only
three or four years before that, in the war of 1812
with Great Britain, when a Hartford convention
was sitting with closed doors in the eastern States,
and the enemy was at our ports, the stock of the.
United States was guarantied and indorsed by the
State of New York, and even by the municipali-
ties of the United States, and then sold at a vast
discount When the States are passing through
a crisis, they need and they ought to have the
favor and aid of the Federal Government. It was
in such a crisis as this, that about the year 1840,
when the Federal Government was prosperous
and rich, it loaned to the several States the sum
of about $26,000,000 of surplus funds which it
had, and the States received the money propor-
tionally, made such use of it as they thought
proper; many of them invested it, as the State of
Now York invested its share, taking ample secur-
ities for the investment, and appropriating the
interest to the support of literature and the diffu-
sion of knowledge. When these several States
took this loan, they came under a contract with
the Federal Government to repay the money, and
they now owe it to the United States Government.
That is a fund of $£(>,000,000 which belongs to
the Federal Government, and which it has a right
to rfclaim to-day. The Secrctaiy of the Treas-
ury, seeing that now the States are strong and the
Fedcial Government is passing through another
crisis, with disaffection at home and suspicion
abroad, suggests that we may recall that money
from its depositories in tin; state Treasuries, or
if unwilling to do that out of tenderness to the
States, that wemayask them to indorse our bonds
lor twenty years,'and leave with them our own
money which is on deposit. That is all there is
of this simple story.
Mr. BAYARD. I can by no means agree to
tlio proposition of the honorable Senator from
New York, that because wo nmy assent to the
issue of Treasury notes for $50, we thereby con-
cede the principle of issuing them for $20. We
have heretofore, in the history of the Govern-
ment, issued them for $50—never below that. If
his argument were sound, lie could say that be-
cause you agreed 111 an emergency to issue Treas-
ury notes for£i50,you might therefore issue them
for $5, and that the principle was conceded. The
difference is, that when you get below $50, the
effect and the tendency is to create a eurroncv of
paper money by the United States. Fifty dollars
will probably not do that. I should have pre-
ferred $100, but $50 would not do it. Notes of
thatdenominntion would not go into the hands of
the people at large, so as to create a currency for
circulation; anil whether they bear interest or not,
does not vary it; it is the smallness of the sum.
We do not mean to com cde the principle that-you
ought to create a paper currency to circulate
among the people as money. That would be the
effect, certainly, of §50 notes, and I think- of $20
notes; and (fiat is the objection we have to issu-
ing them for any sum under $50.
As to making war on the capitalists of the
country, or saying that you mean to go from the
capitalists to the people, 1 will simply remark that ,
any man who has money to loan, and who can i
afford to loan it, certainly cannot have less than j
$50 to loan. If he can afford to loan at all, and j
to let his money stand out on loan, he is not ;
likely to have less than $50; but if the object is ;
to create a paper currency for the country, you j
may drop down to $50, or $10, or $5. 1 there- j
fore cannot agree to the proposition, that we con- -,
cede at all the principle of issuing notes for $20 ii
because we are willing that they should go for
$50. I shall vote against this amendment if item-
bodies the issuing of a note of less than $50; but
shall vote for it if it is limited to that amount, be-
cause I think there is an emergency in the affairs
of the country which justifies a recourse to that
species of loan by which, most probably, we shall
get the money at the lowest rate.
As to the views of the honorable Senator in ref-
erence to the relations of the States and the Gen-
eral Government as to indorsement, partly applied
to the particular state of things now existing, I
do not deny the truth of the proposition that, if
the General Government (although, in my judg-
ment, unwisely, and against the intent of the Con-
stitution,) chose to deposit with the States, twenty
years ago, a sum of money which belonged to it,
arising from taxes levied on the people at large,
whenever its interests require it, there can be no
objection to the State, if it has not the money to
pay, indorsing the loans of the Government to
that extent. That money was not intended as a
loan to the State, but a deposit, not to bear inter-
est; a deposit to be returned—at least, it was so
stated at the time—when the exigencies of the
Government should call for it. It is, therefore,
no matter of reproach, no matter of objection, in
my mind, that any State should comply with the
requisition of the General Government, when it
wants funds, by indorsing its bonds, if the State
is unable to pay the money; but I deny the prop-
osition that it is either beneficial to the structure
of our Government, or calculated to give it per-
manency, that the Federal Government, under
any circumstances, should indoise the credit of
the States. The proposition, the honorable Sen-
ator said, was made by the State of New York
years ago, when she was constructing the Erie
canal; but he has not told us that Congress ev.er
assented to indorsing the credit of a State, or to
loaning money to a State. When they made that
distribution by way of deposit to which he alluded,
they did notdo it as a loan. They said the Treas-
ury had more money than it wanted; and there-
fore they might as well deposit it with the States
until the exigencies of the public service should
require it to be produced That was all. It was
covered in that way. I think it was a dangerous
proposition, even then; but certainly, I have no
recollection that the Federal Government over
loaned money to the States under any circum-
stances whatever. The States, on the contrary,
often may,and must, be called upon to make ex-
penditures arising out of their lelations to the Fed-
eial Government, and the necessity of the per-
formance of duty which properly, under other
circumstances, would devolve on the Federal Gov-
ernment to make advances; for which, subse-
quently , certainly that Government ought to repay
them. There may be emergencies when they are
called upon to do so; but 1 dissent from the gen-
eral proposition that the States are to be made de-
pendent on the Federal Government by any sys-
tem of loans from the Federal Government to
them, or indorsement by the Federal Government
to them. If there is to be any dependence, 1 pre-
fer to see that dependence of the Federal Govern-
ment on the States, which was the original intent
ot the Constitution, as I view it. I do not, there-
fore, object for one moment to the suggestion of
the Secretary ot the Treasury, if he conceived that
the public service required that the States should
be requested, if they saw fit to do so, to indorse
the bonds of the Government of the United States,
so as to give them greater credit in market, and
obtain the money for a less sum, especially as the
States stand holding a deposit made by the Fed-
eral Government as a deposit to be recalled when-
ever the exigencies of the public service should
require it. With this distinction, I should assent
to the rest of the doctrine of the honorable Sen-
ator; but certainly not as to the relative relations
of indorsement one way or the other, at pleasure,
and as a matter of duty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mi. ICING. This is u question between fifty
and twenty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to strike out " twenty" and insert " fifty."
Mr. KING. I voted for fifty before. I find,
however, that many of our friends deem the de-
nomination of $20 preferable. I do not think there
is any question of principle involved in it; nor
do I think there is any doubt about this country
having credit enough to obtain all the money, as
I know it can have all the men it needs for its
purposes; but in deference, to the opinion of my
friends, I will vote for this $20 proposition.
. Mr. GWIN. I should vote yea; but that I am
paired off with the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Collamer,] as I have already stated.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Critten-
den, Douglas, Pitch, Foot, Green, Hunter, Johnson of Ark-
ansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy. Lane, Latham,
Mason, Nicholson, Pearee, Polk, Powell, Sebastian, Thom-
son, and Wigtall—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Claik, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Foster, Grimes,
Hale,Harlan, King, Seward, Simmons, Sumner,Ten Eyek,
Trumbull, Wade, YVilkin&on, and Wilson—22.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment, as amended; and on this
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. IIUNTER. The amendment having been
amended as it has just been, I suppose nobody
wants the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I requiresunan-
imous consent to withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays. The Chair hears no objection.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. On the 11th page of the bill,
after the words "wood-screws," in line eighty-
four, I move to strike out all down to and inclu-
ding the word "pound," in line eighty-five, and
insert " 25 per centum ad valorem." My purpose
in offering this amendment is to strike out the ex-
travagant specific duties upon these articles of
common use, and substitute what I think is quite
a high ad valorem duty, 25 per cent. There was a
committee of hardware men herefrom New York,
who came to remonstrate principally on the sub-
ject of this duty on screws; and I believe that I
myself have presented petitions from nearly every
city in the Union on the part of the hardware men,
against the duty imposed in the bill, which they
maintain is exceedingly extravagant. They left
here atable, by which it appears that the duties on
screws half an inch long, one set of them, average
31 per cent, ad valorem, reducing the specific to
an ad valorem rate; on another set a little longer,
51 per cent.; on another set 56j per cent.; on an-
other set 75 per cent.; another, 84 per cent., an-
other, 90 per cent.; another, 57 per cent.; another,
59 per cent.; another, 54 per cent., and another,
50 percent.; that is arranging the duties according
to the different classes. These screws are an ar-
ticle, as we all know, of very general and common
use. Every carpenter uses them. They are used
in every house that is built. It seems to me that
if there is anything on which we should have a
moderate duty, it is on wood screws.
That is not all. I understand that the company
which monopolizes chiefly the sale of these wood
screws is already protected by a patent, and the
object of this bill is to give them a double protec-
tion. In addition to the patent they have, they
are to be protected by the extravagant duty im-
posed in the bill. I will ask leave to read the
statement which is made by this committee, very
respectable gentlemen as I understand they are, a
committee of the hardware board of trade of the
city of New York. They say :
''Five or six years since, the article of 'wood-screws'
were manufactured and sold in the United States, (and paid
large protits,) when a discount of 60 per cent, fiom list
Wli3 made from the established list price. Since that time
theie iiave been improvements made in machinery, which
have enabled the manufacturers at Providence, Rhode Isl-
and, to alter tiie points on screws; and by so doing, were
enabled to foiee the foreign and home manufactuied blunt-
point screws entirely out of the market. Subsequent to
that, (we think in June last,; they have, after torming one
enormous company by combining all the screw companies
m the united Stares at present, alteiod the discount, and
reduced it to 20 per cent.; showing that what thev were
selling for $10, they now receive .*80 tor. But they wilt
allow to any purchaser who will buy the amount of-53,008
worth at ail order, an extia discount of 12i per cent, for
cash.
'• It has been estimated that the consumption of' wood-
screws' in the United States and the Canadas is not jess
than $4,000,000 in value; and it would be well to lemark
that, while tiie United State.-, merchants are receiving only
an average ol 30 per cent., tile same company sells to the
Canada merchants the same screws at a discountof GO per
cent.
'• Not long since a .Mr. Nettlefbld, ot England, having
become possessor of machinal y to make pointed screws,
(f-uch as were used in this country.) was eiribbd to come
into our maiket arid oltei seiews tor sale mmcr oui per
cent, ail vutoi cm tat ill' du! \, which eucomagccl othn flng-
hsb, b tench, and Gentian manufactiuers to compete for a
