1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
share of the trade. But the Providence Screw Company
sends an agent to England, and pajs Mr. Nettlefold alaige
mi in of money—£5,000 sterling, or $25,000 per annum—
not to fill any orders for this country; and Mi. Nettlefold
did refuse even to fill orders already on hand and received
by him.
iVow, the bill known as 'Morrill's tariff bill,? prevents
any screws being imported, as the specific rates proposed
will make tliern prohibitoiy.
"One of the most important and profitable manufactur-
ing businesses in this country is the manufacture of(wood-
screws,' which is now monopolized by the American Screw
Company of Providence, Rhode Island, the only screw
company in the United States at this time.
" The two rival companies (that were) of that city, it is 
known, to have divided for the last six years, most fabu-
lous profits and dividends, even as high as 50 per cent, per
month for six months, and are now consolidated under the
above name, and if the rates proposed in the bill are adopted,
it will give to that company the feole control of the sale of
screws in the United States, and it is honestly believed
that they will take Mich advantage of the same by raising
the price of scrcws, by reducing the discount (evidence of
which we otter by the reduction tliey made after having
bought off Mr. Nettlefold) iiom 52£ per cent, from list to
20 per cent, and thereby prevent the Government from le-
ceivitig^l of levenue.
" The hardwaie merchants and consumeis of nearly
every city and State in the countiy, have signed a remon-
strance, without hesitation, against the passage of this ( tar-
iff bill,' except at a rate of duty which will not only pay
a revenue to the Government, but be a protection to Ameri-
can manufacturers.
" It is an undisputed fact, that should the bill pass under
the present rates proposed, not $1 will be collected for rev-
enue. But should the rate of duty be amended to the rate
of other hardware, or even at 30 per cent, ad valorem, it
would be acceptable to the hardware Hade, and still be a
vfiy large protection (equal to 65 per cent.) to the only
company in the United States, and help to replenish the
exhausted Treasury, and not encourage the monopoly ofone
of the most uselul aiticles of consumption in the world."
Mr. SIMMONS. I should think the Senate
would be perfectly satisfied , after hearing the last
clause of that memorial read, of the general char-
acter of these memorials. They say there, that
a duty of 30 per cent, would be equal to 65 per
cent, protection. That is ciphering with a ven-
geance. I do not know whether the Senator read
it right or not; but that is the way he read it.
Does it say so ?
Mr. HUNTER. It says:
(i But should the rate of duty be amended to the rate of
other haul ware, <>t even at 30 percent, admlorem, it would
be acceptable to tho hardware trade, and still be a very
large protection (equal to 65 per cent.) to the only company
in the United States."
Mr. SIMMONS. That is the character of that
memorial read here in the Senate. It declares that
a simple duty of 30 per cent, is equal to a protec-
tion of 65 per cent.; and yet Senators will get up
and rood this sort of missives, which are sent here
to try to injure innocent people. We have, in
this bill, raised the duty on iron from which these
screws are made, as much as §10 a ton. They
use four thousand tons a year. There will be
$40,000 extra duty that they will pay into the
Treasury. They ask nothing for that I will read
the price of these screws, and the duties under the
taiiff of 1842. The Senator's memorialists are
very correct in saying that these companies have
driven all the English scrcws out of the maiket,
and supplied our market with them. The duties
on screws, in the tariff of 1843, were put at 12 cents
a pound. This duty is 65 cents. I had letters
from all the hardware men in 1842, and took the
values from their letters, and put them down in a
report which I made to the Senate, and I will read
what they were valued at then: 44 Screws, com-
monly called wood-screws, exceeding one inch in
length, at 40 cents per pound; and one inch and
less than one inch in length, 66 cents per pound."
That ia what they were valued at in 1842, by the
importers themselves. The present prices of them,
instead of being 40 and 66 cents, as the Senator
read, are from 24| to 25i cents a pound. On one
size of these screws, the duty under the bill is 5
cents a pound. That is the large size, selling for
about 20 cents. On the smaller size the duty is
8 cents, and they sell at 30 or 32 cents; the aver-
age price is about 25 cents. I took the books of
this company and averaged the screws two years
ago myself, and the average price was from 24|
to 25| cents. I told them then they could not get
25 per cent, on the fair market value here, and it
was so put in the bill. There was a mistake about
putting one size of the screws into a lower sched-
ule, but that I concluded not to alter, as it is of
no great consequence. These men have driven
old Mr. .Tames out of this market and out of Eng-
land. They have had to buy some patents. The
Senator says they have patents on these machines.
They paid $50,000 for their patents, and every-
body else that is making screws in this country
has the same patents; and those who are making
them in England have the same patents.
Now, look at the advantage the English have.
Nearly half the iron which is used in the manu-
facture of these screws is turned off, and cut into
thread in turning the screws. They have to im-
port nearly two tons of iron to get one ton of
screws. The English turn it off at home, and
send one ton of screws here, saving the freight,
and saving the duty on the other ton. This, I
suppose, is an attempt to crush out this American
interest, and repay them for having made these
screws at half what they were selling for when
those machines were invented, in order that Eng-
lish capitalists may come here, and break down
the American manufacturers. I ask nothing for
these screws that is not given to every other man-
ufacture in the country; not a farthing more. But,
because some busybody has been getting up me-
morials insulting the Senate with such statements
as that one which the Senator from Virginia has
read, he must rise here, and make a great appeal
about monopolies. I said the other day, when
my attention was called to this matter by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,J that there had been
about twenty-four or twenty-five of these com-
panies, and that all but four of them had been
broken down by the competition, and failed, and
lost their capital; and the stockholders of some
of them were assessed to pay up the balance of
their debts. These four existing companies are
now filling the market;and they can make to-day
from 25 to 50 per cent, more than the United
States want to buy. Their machines are par-
tially stopped, ia order not to overstock the mar-
ket; and there are competitors from New York to
New Hampshire.
It does not really make any difference, how-
ever, what the facts are. If a hardware merchant
gets a little offended with an establishment, be-
cause they will not sell to him for less than they
do to anybody else, he gets up these memorials,
just as they did about steel. The Senator has
putin a great many memorials here about steel,
more, ten to one, than he has about these screws;
and how did they come out ? Just as this oughj.
to come out; only that the men there had manli-
ness enough to go before the committee, and ac-
knowledge that they were mistaken, and admit
that the duties, as they were in the bill, were right.
Mr. HUNTER. Has not the Senator altered
the duties on steel as they were in the original
bill? Did he not amend them in committee?
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 did. But how did I amend
them:
Mr. HUNTER. Does he say that because
some of them were satisfied with the duty as
amended, that showed that they had not cause
to be dissatisfied with the duty before it was
amended ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. It was before it was amended
that those memorials were put in.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is a very ingenious
way to get out of it, I agree. The duties were
amended in only one particular. The bill, as it
came from the House of Representatives, wasin-
consistent with itself. It said that all steel worth
from 7 to 11 cents a pound should pay 2 cents a
pound duty; and it had a proviso in, that no steel
should be admitted for less than 20 per cent. That
on the 11 cent steel was a little over 2 cents a
pound, and therefore we amended it. Then there
was another specific rate of 2| cents; and I should
like to know how much that was. On steel worth
12 cents, the 20 per cent, would be 2.4 cents, and
the bill imposed 2^ cents. There was no materia!
reduction in the amount—only a reduction of a
mill on a pound in one stage, and that was the 12
cent steel. Surely, that would not satisfy any-
body. If there was any serious objection to that
duty as it came from the House of Representa-
tives, it applies to it to-day. That is certain.
Now, the manufacture of these screws is a lead-
ing interest in the State that I lepresent here. I
do not ask anything for that; but I dislike to see
any of my constituents marked out here for de-
struction by any portion of this country. They
have made a better article than ever was made
in the world before, and they are selling them
to-day for less than half the price they were
when they began, and you are putting on a duty
of about half what there was then. The duty
was 12 cents under the tariff of 1842, and in this
bill it is 65 cents.
Mr. BIGLER. I have no disposition to par-
ticipate in this contest about screws; but I desire
to state that the memorialists, in alleging that the
sales of screws in this country and in Canada an-
nually amount to §4,000,000 in value,are certainly
mistaken. The consumption in the United States,
as I am informed by very intelligent sources,1
amounts to less than $1,000,000. What it is in
Canada, I cannot tell; but it is not so large in
Canada as it is in the United States.
Another point: there is no question of revenue
in this controversy between the Senator from
Rhode Island and the Senator from Virginia.
That, I presume, the Senator from Virginia is
aware of. 'There is no importation of screws now
worthy of mention at all; the revenue from that
source is utterly insignificant; so that there is no
question of revenue.
Mr. HUNTER. According to that statement,
the present duty of 24 per cent, excluded the for-
eign goods, and that was prohibitory, and they
certainly ought to be content with 25. But before
I return to this, I will make a remark in regard
to the steel. The Senator from Rhode Island him-
self, when he went to amend the provision in re-
gard to the steel, acknowledged the justice of those
who petitioned against it before it was amended;
and I read the other day a statement from the
New York appraisers, showing thateven now the
increase amounted to 20 per cent, on some articles
of steel; which we all know is a most important
raw material in many kinds of manufacture. But
I return to this matter of screws: I know nothing
about it, except from the evidence which I have
here. 1 say it is presented to us by these gentle-
men,who are a committee from the board of hard-
ware trade in New York—Thomas E. Oakley,
Charles Vandervoort, and A. T. Russell—intro-
duced to me ag gentlemen of respectability; at
least one of them was, and said to be so by one of
the members from the city of New York. This
is their statement. I take it for granted that a
statement made by a committee from the board of
hardware of the city of New York must be enti-
tled to some respect. It is true that their remark '
in regard to the 65 per cent. I had not adverted
to to understand their explanation; but I think I
know what it does mean. The protection is not
only in the duty; but the manufacturers are also
protected by the amount which it costs to obtain
the imported article from abroad, and to bring it
here. I presented last year some accounts in
which the other charges were equal to the duty;
and it may be so in regard to the scrcws. I
only suggest that as a possible explanation. I
did not advert to that when they were here; but
I have no doubt that is what they mean; that be-
sides the 30 per cent, duty which they say they
would agree to, the cost of getting it here from
abroad would be equal to 35 per cent. more. I
know that there are cases in which the expense
of bringing articles here is fully equal to the duty.
Whether this is one of them, 1 am not able to
say. I know nothing about it, except from the
statement of these gentlemen who were sent on
here by an important branch of trade in the city
of New York.
Now, the Senator from Rhode Island turns up
his nose at 25 per cent, protection—turns up his
nose at a protection of one fourth the value of the
article it seems to me that that is a high duty.
As I said before, if a man makes an importation,
and has to leave one fourth of it in the custom-
house—if he imports a hundred tons of iron, or a
hundred bales of goods, and has to leave twenty-
five in the custom-house—I think he wou/d say
he was paying a high tax; and it seems to mo
that if these parties have, as is stated—I do not
know whether it is so or not—a patent in addition
to this protection of 25 per cent., which saves
them from domestic competition, while the 25 per
cent, will save them from foreign competition, they
ought to be contented with that, I am willing
to do these gentlemen equal justice with others,
neither less nor more; and whilst I am not dis-
posed to mark out the constituents of the Senator
for destruction, I do not think he ought to mark
out mine, and the constituents of other Senators
here, in order to pay extravagant taxes for the
benefit of his constituents, and especially as he
himself has charge of the bill. I say that a duty
of 25 per cent., it seems to me, ought to be ample
