62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
for the gentleman from Florida, [Mr. Hawkins,]
and would do nothing to harm his feelings by an
attempt to force him to act contrary to hisconvic-
tions of duty Viewing the subject in that light,
I shall vote hereafter to excuse every member of
that committee who shall desire to be excused
from service upon that committee.
Mr. STANTON. I can see no reason in the
world, upon the ground alleged, why the gentle-
man from Vermont should not be excused. For
myself, I have voted to excuse all the gentlemen
who have made the request, upon the principle
that it is an act of ordinary courtesy to be extended
to any gentleman assigned to a service unpleasant
to him, and which he desires to avoid. Itisupon
that ground, and no other, that I voted to excuse
the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Hawkins] and
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mi-.Boyce.]
The gentleman from Vermont has two colleagues,
one of whom he desires shall be substituted in
his place upon the committee, not because of any
indisposition upon his part to aid in accomplish-
ing the object for which the committee was sought
to be raised, but merely with a view to the substi-
tution of one of his colleagues. If there is any
reason why the change should not be made, it
passes my comprehension.
Again: he assigns as another reason that, in
the present embarrassed condition of the Treas-
ury, a leading committee of the House, the finan-
cial organ of that Treasury, requires a large share
of his attention; and for that reason he cannot
devote his time to the labors of this special com-
mittee.
Gentlemen upon the other side of the House
have indicated a desire that we should proceed
and discuss the questions which agitate the coun-
try, and they have exhibited some surprise that
such a course was declined. I trust gentlemen
will give us the privilege of determining when the
proper time ainves for that discussion. In my
judgment, premature discussion can do no good.
There is a thousand times more injury done by
premature and uncalled for discussion, not rele-
vant to any question pending before the House,
than good. My own course would be, without
any discussion, to let this committee talce the
subjects referred to them, see what they can make
of them, and present the result of their delibera-
tions. When we have tliat before us, gentlemen
may rest assured that there will be no indisposi-
tion to engage in the discussion of the measures
proposed. 1 do not propose to do it now. I
think it would be improper. I think that things
have been said in this discussion that will do no
good. One of my colleagues [Mr. Vai-landig-
iiam] 1ms talked about a western confederacy,
and all that, which I do not desire to enter into,
and certainly shall not.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man if a pleasant, kind, and conciliatory dispo-
sition on all sides of the House would not have
had a fine effect upon the committee, and upon
the country; but when one side says nothing it
produces ill-feeling, of course, because it shows a
stolid determination on their part to avail them-
selves of the power they have.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, I would like
to inquire of the gentleman from Virginia whether
past experience of discussions upon the slavery
question in this House warrants him in believing
that a discussion of it now, for no practical ob-
ject, can long continue a kind, conciliatory, and
good-natured discussion ? My own judgment is
that it will not; that it will result in useless, in-
jurious, and prejudicial crimination and recrim-
ination; and because I think it will so result, I
therefore do not desire to precipitate any discus-
sion before it is called for on some measure de-
manding the action of the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I say to the gen-
tleman from Ohio—and I say it with perfect con-
fidence—that, if that side of the House had met
the movement from this side in that spirit of kind-
ness on which alone rest the hopes of the coun-
try. it would have had a pleasant and agreeable
effect on all sides. The asperity that has been
disclosed here has grown out of the fact that no
disposition has been evinced on the other side of
the House to do anything to allay the existing ex-
citement. I do say, and I repeat it, that had a
liberal, kind, generous disposition been disclosed
by the majority of this House, it would have car-
ried healing on its wings not only upon the action
of the committee, but upon the House itself and
the country at large.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, I confess I am
at a loss to know what has been said or done upon
this side of the House to warrant the imputation
of an exhibition of want of conciliation or kind-
ness. When the resolution was offered by the
gentleman's colleague, [Mi-.Boteler,] it received
the affirmative votes of a large majority of the
members upon this side of the House. Mine was
not of the number, for I confess that I had very
little hope of any successful result; and I thought
an unsuccessful attempt would, perhaps, do more
harm than good. I confess too, further, that I
do not myself see what there is in the existing
condition of things that can be remedied by legis-
lation. We have elected a President—a thing
that has been done every four years since the
organization of the Government. I do not see in
that anything that can be cured by legislation.
If there is any amendment to the Constitution to
be proposed, I desire to sec it, and shall be very
glad to consider it and act upon it; for that cer-
tainly is the only effectual mode of accomplishing
any thing.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not desire to consume
the time of the House. I stated distinctly when
I first rose, that it was not from any indisposi-
tion to act on the committee that I asked to be
excused, but because I thought it would be more
convenient to the House and to myself. I move
the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope my colleague on the
committee of thirty-three will not press his mo-
tion until a report can be made from that com-
mittee, or a request can be made to the House
by the chairman of the committee—I suppose I
have a right to refer to its proceedings to this ex-
tent—which, if made and acceded to by the
House, will deprive the gentleman from Vermont
of all the reasons which he has assigned why he
should be excused from service on the committee.
If the honorable chairman of the committee will
make the report or request to the House, which
I understand he has been instructed to make, it
will obviate all the objections, and meet and an-
swer all the reasons, that the gentleman from Ver-
mont has presented. I hope the gentleman from
Vermont will allow that request to be made be-
fore he presses a vote upon his proposition to be
excused. I yoted to cxcuse the gentleman from
Florida and the gentleman from South Carolina,
and I will vote to excuse the gentleman from Ver-
mont, or any other gentleman; yet, as the House
has seen fit to preserve the integrity of the com-
mittee by refusing to excuse those gentlemen, I
hope the gentleman from Vermont will allow the
integrity of the committee to bo still further pre-
served by withdrawing his request.
Mr. CORWIN. Mr. Speaker, 1 hope the gen-
tleman from Vermont will withdraw his motion
for the present, that I may submit amotion which,
I think, will obviate the necessity of the request
which ho has made.
Mr. MORRILL. I will withdraw it for the
present.
CiERK TO SELECT COMMITTEE.
Mr. CORWIN. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the select committee of thirty-three, ap-
pointed under tin; resolution of the IIouso of 4th of Decem-
ber, I860, he authorized to employ a clerk, who shall be
paid toui dollars a day lor his services ; and that said com-
mittee have leave to sit during the sittings ot the House,
until they shall report or be otherwise discharged.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER decided that the call came too
late.
Mr. SICKLES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPROPRIATION BILLS REPORTED.
M i'. SHERMAN, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending 30th June, 18G3;
and also a bill making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year ending
30th June, 1862.
The bills were severally read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole oil
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
EXPENSES OF INDIAN DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be In-
structed to inquire and report whether any of the offices of
superintendents of Indian affairs, Indian agents, or inter-
preter:-, now authorized by law, can be dispensed with
without injury to tile public service.
DESTITUTION IN KANSAS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial of Thaddeus Hyatt, praying Con-
gress to make appropriations in land or money to
relieve the distress of the people of Kansas; and
that it be referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. GARNETT. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call the previous ques-
tion on my motion
Mr. EOCOCK. I move to lay the memorial
on the table.
Mr. GROW. I would say to the gentleman
from Virginia, that that part of the President's
message relating to the same subject has been
referred to the Committee on Territories. This
is merely a memorial, accompanied by papers,
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means; and it is now proposed to transfer it
to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have no particular objection
to the cliange of reference; but I see it stated in
the papers that this man Hyatt made himself very
busy in getting up stories about destitution and
suffering in Kansas, when no such suffering
existed. I see it also stated in the Philadelphia
Inquirer that in one of the places where Hyatt
represented greatdestitution as prevailing, a grand
ball was recently given by the people, at two dol-
lars a head. I therefore do not wish to have his
memorial treated with such respect as to have it
referred.
Mr. GROW. I do not know about that; but
the subject is discussed in the President's mes-
sage, and has been referred to the Committee on
Territories. This memorial should take the same
direction.
The previous question was spconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
Mr. Sherman's motion was agreed to.
PERPETUITY OP TIIE UNION.
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless it is the desire of
the House to progress with some other business,
I shall move that the rules be suspended and that
the House i-esolve itself in to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I believe I am en-
titled to the floor on the resolution which I offered
in the House yesterday evening.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not desire to interfere
with the gentleman, but I desire to understand
whetherhis resolution was received by theHouse.
It was objected to at the time it was offered, and
I want to know whether it is before the House
now.
The SPEAKER. There was some little con-
fusion at the close of yesterday's proceedings on
the subject of the resolution of the gentleman
from Illinois; but the Chair is very clear on this,
that the resolution was not received.
Mr. BURNETT. So I thought.
The SPEAKER. The Chair considered it in
that light, and has so informed the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Then I certainly
will not insist on the introduction of my resolu-
tion in violation of the courtesy of the House;
nor will I take an appeal on this occasion from
the decision of the Speaker. I have sought to
introduce the resolution and to get a vote of the
House upon it. I think it would contribute some-
thing to our harmony and good feeling if we could
only take that vote. But if I am not allowed to
introduce the resolution now, I shall certainly
claim that I am entitled to the floor on Monday
next, after the expiration of the morning hour,
and 1 shall then move a suspension of the rules,
in order to get it properly before the House for
consideration.
Now, all that I have to say in addition to what
