1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I luive remarked, is this: that I should like to
have my resolution read for the information of
members, and then, if the honorable gentleman
from Kentucky will get up and say that ho is op-
posed to it, or if any gentleman will say that it is
a resolution which ought not to be considered by
the House, I will not, of course, ask for its con-
sideration at this time. I merely ask to have it
.read for information.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say that I am
not on the confessional just now. That resolu-
tion has been read, and has been printed.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman is
entirely mistaken. This resolution has not yet
been read in the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman's par-
don. I supposed it was the resolution which lie
offered the other day, when the proposition for
raising the special committee was before the
House. I presume he has changed ormodified it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Yes, sir. I ask
for its reading now, so that members may know
what it is.
Mr. BURNETT. The resolution is not be-
fore the House; and the gentleman cannot get it
before the House in order. I thought that ques-
tion had been decided by the Chair. If so, all
this thing is out of order.
The SPEAKER. There has been no decision
to the contrary of that; but the gentleman from
Illinois asks to have his resolution read for in-
formation. It will be read, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to it.
PUBLIC STOKES CONTRACT.
Mr. SHERMAN, I renew my motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole 011 the state of
the Union.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The report of the
special committee in regard to the contract for the
labor of the public stores in Broad street, New
York, was, at last session, postponed to this day
of the present session, and is now in order. But,
I believe that those interested in the report are
not now prepared to proceed with its discussion.
Under these circumstances, therefore, I move
that it be further postponed till this day week.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 would say to the honorable
gentleman from New York, that the Pacific rail-
road bill is a special order for that day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from New York that he can call
up the subject at any time on his motion to
reconsider, 'without any postponement.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Very well, sir.
SERVICE ON SPECIAL COMMITTEE.
Mr. MORRILL. I would like to know what
has been done with my motion to be excused
from service on the special committee, to wluch
was referred that part of the President's message
relating to secession movements. I did not with-
draw the motion. I merely withdrew the call for
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Vermont was waived in order to give
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Coirwix] an op-
portunity to introduce his resolution. If the gen-
tleman insist on his motion, it is now in order.
Mr. MORRILL. I do; and ask the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the motion was not agreed to.
PERPETUITY OF THE ONION*.
Mr. H1NDMAN. I have not heretofore con-
sumed much of the time of the House in speech-
making or in offering bills or resolutions; and I
ask the courtesy now to be permitted to respond
to the invitation extended by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] by offering resolutions
amendatory of the Constitution of the United
States, with the view, if possible, of settling the
agitation of the slavery question on a just and
fair basis, and of perpetuating the Federal Union.
I hope that gentlemen will meet these propositions
in a spirit of fairness and frankness, without re-
sorting—and I do not mean to impute any such
intention to them—to legislative expedients or
parliamentary maneuvering, by voting upon them
directly and squarely, so that we may understand
precisely what is the determination of the north-
ern people. It seems to me that every member
of the House must understand as fully now as he
ever can, the issues involved in this sectional con-
troversy. 1 will let my proposition be read, and
then I will continue my remarks.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I object to the
resolutions being received. I offered a resolution
declaring our devotion to the American Union,
and objection was made to having it read. Now
I object to receiving resolutions of this kind.
The SPEAKER. If objection be made the
resolutions cannot be read.
Mr. HINDMAN. Let the Clerk send them
down to me, and I will read them myself.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
to the gentleman from Arkansas, that the same
objection which applies to their being read by
the Clerk, applies also to his reading them him-
self.
Mr. HINDMAN. Can I not embody them
in my remarks, I having the floor?
The SPEAKER. There is nothing before the
House on which we can act; otherwise the Chair
would be very happy to hear the gentleman's
resolutions.
Mr. HINDMAN. I should like to know from
what source the objection comes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
objects.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the
Union. I also move that the consular and diplo-
matic bill be made the special order in committee.
My purpose is, if the House be so disposed, to
pass the consular and diplomatic bill to-day.
The question was put on the latter motion, and
it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to go into'
committee, and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
011 the state of the Union, (Mr. Bingham in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
special order, being a bill making appropriations
for the expenses of the consular and diplomatic
service for the year ending 30th June, 1862.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with, and that it may be
now taken up and read by sections, for amend-
ment.
Mr. Q.UARLES. Before the first reading be
dispensed with, I desire to ask whether it has
been printed ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that it has not.
Mr. Q.UARLES. Then I objcct to its consid-
eration at this time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the gentle-
man from Tennessee thatthc bill merely provides
for the payment of the salaries of the consuls and
foreign ministers of the Government, and for
such diplomatic expenses as are required by law.
It conforms to the estimates; and all the items
may therefore be found in the annual estimates,
which have been printed,and every member fur-
nished with a copy.
Mr. ClUAllLES. So far as the estimates are
concerned, I will state that I have not been sup-
plied with acopy, nor have I seen them. I have
called for them, and have been informed that they
areaway, being printed or bound. Everygenlle-
man knows the difficulty there is in hearing the
items as they are read from the Clerk's desk. I
move that the committee rise. It is not proper
to legislate in this manner upon appropriation
bills.
The question being upon the motion that the
committee rise,
Mr. Q.UARLES called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to
Mr. SHERMAN. I now ask that the first
reading of the bill may be dispensed with.
Mr. GARNETT. I object, and call for the
first reading of the bill.
The Clerk then commenced the reading of the
bill-
Mr. BURNETT. I understand that this is
the first reading of the bill. Now, sir, I respect-
fully ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means whether, in passing important appro-
priation bills, we ought not to have them printed
and before us ? It is impossible, in the confusion
prevailing in this Hall, for us to understand al!
the items of the hill from the mere reading. 1
renew the motion that the committee rise.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will allow mc, I will again state that all
the items of this bill are taken, without change,,
from the estimates, of which every member has,
or ought to have, a printed copy. The bill, I
say, is copied from the estimates, and depends
upon laws fixing the salaries of our consuls and
other diplomatic agents. It does not change any
law.
Mr. BURNETT. Theestimates,I understand,
have been sent off for the purpose of being printed
or bound. They are not here certainly. The
little delay that will be required to enable us to
have the bill printed, and before us, will make
not one particle of difference; and I insist upon
the motion that the committee rise.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope the gen-
tleman from Kentucky will withdraw his motion
for a moment. t
Mr. BURNETT. . I will if the gentleman from
Maine wishes to make any suggestion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I apprehend
there can be no occasion for the committee to rise
at this time. I understand the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to say that this
bill includes no new or independent legislation;
that it simply provides for carrying out existing
laws, and is, in every respect, the same bill which
was passed at the last session. Every member,
therefore, knows precisely what are all the items
of the bill, and is as well prepared to act upon it
now as he would be if the bill and estimates
had been printed,and before us foramonth. So
that I do not see any reason whatever for the
committee rising, or for any delay in the action
of the House upon the bill whatever.
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman says that
the biil provides simply for carrying out existing
laws. Now, I understood the Clerk to read a
clause making provision for the salary of a min-
ister to Persia. Is there any existing law pro-
viding for a mission to Persia?
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman misunder-
stood the reading of the word Prussia, I presume,
for Persia.
Mr. GARNETT. Then, that is a good illus-
tration of the remark of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Qdaiu.es,] that it is impossible to
understand the bill from its reading at the Clerk's
desk. I say to the gentleman from Ohio, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
that I think the bill and estimates should be
printed and on our tables when we undertake to
act upon ail appropriation bill. Even the esti-
mates are not before.us. They have been sent
off to the binder, as I am informed. I want to
examine the items, even if they are only for car-
rying out existing laws. How can you carry
out the existing laws, for instance, in reference
to the Italian States? I have not seen the bill,
and do not know what is in it; but I presume it
contains provisions for the salaries of ministers
at Rome and Naples.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not for Rome.
Mr. GARNETT. Very well; that shows,
then, that it does certainly not fully carry out
existing laws. It may very possibly happen that
in the progress of events, before this bill shall
become a law, there may be no need of a minister
at Naples. Why, then, should we pass this bill
in this hasty and inconsiderate manner? To ask
us to act upon it while the bill and the estimates
are in the hands of the Printer, is to ask us to
deliver over all deliberation upon the appropria-
tion bills into the hands of the Committee of
Ways and Means; and while I have great confi-
dence in the gentlemen composing that commit-
tee, I submit that this is asking a "little too much
of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. I would submit to the gentle-
man from Ohio, the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, whether it will not expedite
the business of the House to allow the consider-
ation of this bill to go overuntil it has been printed?
Unless some gentleman desires to discuss the bill,
I will move that the committee rise.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply make this
suggestion to the House. I understand there is
some difficulty in getting our documents printed.
I understand the orders which have heretofore
