1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
102S
nations. In consequence of a remonstrance from
the Government of Portugal against the exactions
contained in that tariff of 1842, because it was in-
consistent with the treaty with Portugal, the
President sent a special message to both Houses,
which, in the House of Representatives, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. That
committee, in February, 1844, made a report. In
that report the committee sustained the objection
taken by the Government of Portugal, and intro-
duced a bill for the purpose of repealing so much
of the law as related to the duty on Portuguese
wines. The third article—which is set outin the
report of the committee, and I refer to it therefore
for convenience—contains these words:
The third article of this treaty stipulates as follows:
'no higher or other dune* shall bo imposed on the import-
ation into the United States of any article the growth, prod-
uce, or manufacture of the kingdom and possessions of
Portugal, than aie or shall be pa\ablcon the like article
being the growth, produce, or manufacture of any other
foreign country.'
<{ Ai tides five, eight, and thirteen, uitend to the produce
of Poitugal and her possessions the same rights privileges,
and favors which shall be granted to the products of the
mostfaoored nation
The subject was discussed, of course, between
the Portuguese minister, then in the United States,
and the Governmentof the United States;and the
committee say:
"The positions taken by the Government of the United
States, as developed in the correspondence, with respect
to this treaty, aie ;
" i. That1 wines of different places, or different charac-
ter or designation, are, in fact, separate articles, liable, on
their seveial impoitations, to be charged with different du-
ties by this Government.' #
That, <m adjusting the rates of specific duties ad
valorem on wines, it is assumed and believed that Congress
acted with a special refeionce to the Joreizn values of the
several kiads ot this pioduct.'"
The committee then go into a disquisition upon
the position then taken by the Government, and
disagree to it; and, as I said, accompany then-
report by a bill to repeal so much of the law as
was objected to. The bill, however, did not pass.
It failed for want of time; and the Secretary of the
Treasury, nevertheless, by a Tieasury order,
availed himself of a provision in the law of 184*2,
tolimit the duty upon Portuguese wine to the low-
est rate of duty provided for in the treaty. I will
read that stipulation of the treaty of 1842. At the
the close of the paragraph imposing the duty on
wine, there was this proviso:
" Provided, That nothing herein contained s>hall be con-
strued oi pcnuitted to operate so as to interfere with sub-
sisting tieaties with tureign nations."
The Secretary, in accordance with the reason-
ing contained in the report of the committee, by
a Treasury order, broughtdown the ratesof duty
in conformity with that clause in the tariff bill.
The best mode for the Senate to ajjree to the
amendment—as the bill as it now stands is in vio-
lation of our treaty stipulation, and that treaty
should be respected—would be, in my judgment,
to strike out from the bill the words that 1 have
mentioned—" Madeira and port"—they being the
only Portuguese wines that arc specifically rated,
and they will then come in under the designation
of all other wines on which an ad valorem duty of
33j per cent, is placed.
Mr. SIMMONS. I had examined this subject
before I reported this bill; and I thought I had
drawn this portion of it so as to avoid that diffi-
culty in regard to the treaty; but I discovered, on
looking over it more closely last night, that it did
not obviate that objection, and I have drawn an
amendment to meet the case. As the bill now
stands, it does conflict with the treaty—not as I,
understand the treaty, but as the Government un-
derstood it, and had committed themselves to adopt
it. I had not read that treaty for some time; but
I discovered that the different rates of duty, or the
different forms of duty proposed to be levied,
conflicted with that treaty. "We can neither put
" higher nor other duties" upon the wines from
that country than those of other nations; and I
believe we have just such treaties with most of
the wine-growingcountries. I propose,therefore,
to strike out all these descriptions of wines, and
insert:
On wines of all kind;', 10 per centum ad valorem.
That is precisely the duty that it has been under
for eleven years, in the tariff of 1846. These are
the highest priced wines. I intended to put a
pretty high dutyon them. I think they are lux-
uries, and will bear a high duty; and I thought,
if we put a pretty fair duty on the high priced
wines, we could afford, on the low wines, to have
a duty of 33^ percent.; but, inasmuch as we are
prevented from making any distinction as to the
quality of the wines, I think we ought to return
to the old duty of 40 per cent. That was what
Mr. Guthrie recommended when he proposed to
revise the tariff in 1856 and 1857—to retain the
schedules on liquor, and then put all the manu-
factured fabrics into one schedule. That was his
plan. I do not think that wines of any import-
ance are made in this country. There are some;
but as we must have a uniform rate of duties on
wines coming into the country, we cannot dis-
criminate under these treaties according to our
construction of the treaty; and according to the
construction taken by the nations with whom we
have made them, I propose the amendment I have
suggested. I do not want to interfere with those
treaties.
Mr. BIGLER Will the Senator submit his
amendment?
Mr. SIMMONS. It is to strike out all the de-
scriptions of wines in the bill, and to insert:
On wines of all kinds, 40 per centum ad valorem.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Virginia accept that as a substitute for
his amendment ?
Mr. MASON. We know, Mr. President, that
large quantities of inferior wines are imported
from Spain, Portugal, Italy, and other places,
wines which are really very cheap, and I believe
add largely and advantageously to the consump-
tion of the country. Perhaps a duty of 40 per
cent, upon cheap wines would be too high. I
would prefer to leave it at 33^ per cent.
Mr. SIMMONS. That was the duty put on
the low-priced wines, and I was perfectly satisfied
with it; but if you have got to put the same duty
on all wines, I do not see why we should not go
back to the duty placed upon wines by the tariff
of 1846, and continued for eleven years. We got
a great deal of revenue by it, and we shall want
the revenue now.
Mr. MASON. The tariff bill which passed in
1846 was a bill imposing very heavy duties gen-
erally. I should prefer to have a vote taken on
my amendment.
Mr. BAKER. I should like the Senator from
Rhode Island to remember, while he is devoting
his great experience and discrimination to this
question of duties on wine, that on the Pacific
coast there is now growing up an interest which
is scarcely understood here yet. I know one gen-
tleman in California who has four hundred thou-
sand vines growing on his plantation. Next year,
or the year after, those vines will mako four hun-
dred thousand gallons of wine; and that is by no
means a singular case. I do not know that I shall
live to see it, but many gentlemen in this body
will live to see the time that the value of the wine
pioduct of California will be greater than the gold
product now is; and whatever there may be in
this idea of protection to a new manufacture, to
enable the child to walk by a little artificial aid
until it is strong enough to support itself, I hope
he will apply to that interest the only relation
which connects us with the tariff, except inju-
riously, a$ we suppose.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then, 1 hope the Senator
will sustain me in this 40 per cent. duty.
Mr. BAKER* Say 100.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would not mind putting
it at 100; but I will take the old rule, 40 per cent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Virginia.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SIMMONS. I now offer my amendment
to strike out all the descriptions of wines in the
bill, and to inserts< on wines of all kinds, 40 per
cent, ad valorem."
The Secretary read the amendment; to strike
out from lines sixteen to twenty-four of section
six, in the following words:
"On Mruleiia, Micny, and poit wine?, champagne and
spai'thng wine^. Burgundy, and hock, in casl.s oi bottles,
75 cents p^i gallon ; on all othoi winos not cnumeiated, 33|-
per centum ad valorem."1
And to insert the following, in lieu thereof:
On wines of all kinds, 40 per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER. There is some difficulty about
tho meaning of the thirty-third section. I move
to strike out all after the word " act," in the sixth
line of that section, in the following woi*ds:
" The word valued, where used in this act, shall be con-
strued and understood as meaning invoiced or appraised."
And to insert the following, in lieu thereof:
The words value and valued, where used in this act,
shall be construed and understood as meaning the true
maiket value of the goods, wares, and merchandise in the
.principal markets of the world, from whence exported, at
the date of cxpoitation.
Mr. SIMMO'NS. That amendment is right. I
do not think there is any objection to it.
Mr. BIGLER. It only simplifies the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. In connection with the sub-
ject of an amendment just offered, there is another
matter to which I should like to call the attention
of the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was about to make an al-
teration in the bill. I want to strike out in tho
twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth lines, on page 7,
the words " and to the highest rates of duty ap-
plicable to the article of the same name;" so that
the clause will read:
Provided, That all imitations of brandy or spirits, or of
any of the said wines, and all wines imported by any names
whatever, shall be subject to the duty provided for the gen-
uine article which it is intended to represent.
As we have now got but one rate of duty on
wines in the bill, that qualification is now unne-
cessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I move to amend the twelfth
section, by striking out in the eighth line, the
words "shall exceed 18 cents per pound and,"
and adding m the ninth line, after the word
" pound," the words "shall be subject to a duty
of 19 per centum ad valorem;" so that the section
will read:
That from and after the day and year aforesaid there shall
be levied, collected, and paid, on the importation of the
ai tides hereinafter mentioned, the following duties, that is
to say : Fust, On all wool unmanufactured^ and all hair of
the alpaca, goat, and other like animals, unmanufactured,
the value whereof at the last port oi place from whence
exported to the United States shall not exceeds cents per
pound, shall be subject to a duty of )9 per centum ad
valorem.
The object of the amendment is to place an ad
valorem duty of 19 percent, on all woolsunder24
cents a pound. On that amendment I ask for tho
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. The effect of this amendment*
as I understand it, is to impose a duty upon all
wool; to alter the provision of the tariff now, that
all wool costing less than 20 cents a pound, shall
be admitted free. That is the present state of the
tariff. Now, Mr. President, as my vote for this
bill, when it shall be peifocted, will depend upon
the passage of this amendment, I desire to say
something in regard to it.
I suppose the object of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, is to afford protection to the wool-grower,
and to increase the growth and product of wool
in this country. Let me say to the Senator from
Kentucky, that I desire as much as he can to in-
crease the growth and product of wool in this
country; but I do not believe that the amendment
which he proposes will have that effect. I believe,
on the contrary, that it will take from him the
very market which he now has, and in which and
to which he sends and sells his wool.
The present tariff as it now stands, that is, the
tariff of 1857, is a good tariff for a large part of
the manufacturers of New England. They do not
desire to change that tariff. I may say, that those
people who are concerned in manufactures inmy
city do not desire to change the tariff of 1857.
The proposed tariff will impose a burden on them
in a great many respects, which will be onerous,
which they do not wish to bear; but in consider-
ation of the fact that other portions of the coun-
try desire to be protected, they will cheerfully ac-
code to this tariff, if they can be permitted to have
it in other respects agreeable to them; that is, if
they can be permitted to have, as this tariff pro-
vides, wool costing less than 18 cents per pound
come in free, they will cheerfully submit to this
alteration of the tariff. Let mc inquire of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, if there is any domestic wool
which comes in competition with this description
of wool ? Do our people raise in Kentucky or any-
where else, wool so coarse as to come in compe-
