1024:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
February 19.
tition with this, or does he design to prevent fraud
by the imposition of this duty? I ao not under-
stand that there is any coarse wool raised in Ken-
tucky which comes in competition with this; but
I understand the complaint to be that, under the
present tariff, they bring in wools of a very much
finer description, by mixing it with dirtand other
foreign matter, so that it costs less than 20 cents
a pound in the market. Now, let me say to the
Senator from Kentucky, that that should be pro-
vided for in some other way, not by imposing a
duty eri the coarse wool, but by so guarding the
bill tluit the fine wools cannot come in in that
way.
In the town where I reside, we manufacture
woolens and we manufacture cottons. The wool-
ens that we manufacture are generally of a fine
kind; we manufacture delaines; we take the finest
of the wool which is grown in this country; we
carefully soit and card it; and in so doing there is
a certain portion of the coarse wool which comes
from it. That of itself would not be sufficient to
carry on a distinct branch of the manufacture,
but by importing this coarse wool and putting it
with that which is sorted from the finer wools of
this country, we are enabled to build up a manu-
facture of very coarse cassimeres and coarse ho-
siery, so that we arc enabled to dispose oY the
coarse wools in that way, and to some profit.
Now, if you impose a duty on that coarse wool,
which does not come in competition with the
other wools of this country, you destroy entirely
that branch of business, and in so far you destroy
the manufacture of the wool. By this imposition
of duty on iron, we enhance very much the cost
of the machinery which manufactures this wool.
By the imposition of the duty upon linseed, and
upon oil and paints, we increase the expanse in
that respect. By the imposition of duty on coal,
we increase the expense in that respect. If, while
increasing the duty on the iron that makes the
machinery, on the coal by which we manufac-
ture, on the paints and oils which are used about
that manufacture, you add, also, a duty upon the
raw material, you destroy to a very great extent
that branch of manufactures.
I submit to the Senator from Kentucky whether
ho wishes to do that. I think he will toil me that
he does not. I>t me say to him that I fear he is
looking only to one end of the business, and neg-
lecting a little the other. I am desirous that he
should have as large a sale and as good prices
for wool as can be afforded. lie, on the othei
hand, will desin1 thai tin* manufacturer should
find a ready sale for lus goods. Now, I submit
to the Senator from Kentucky, whether, within
the last three years, he has not had a better price
for his wool than he has ever had before; whether
there is not more competition for it: whether
agents are not going through tiie country for the
purpose of buying it; and whether, instead of
sending his wool to market, he does not find a
sale for it at his own door? t think the history
of the trade reveals that.
If he imposes this duty, I want him to inquire
whether he will not so retard the manufacture of
the product which he furnishes an very much to
dimmish the price. I agree, and am willing to
acknowledge, that within two or three years' the
woolen manufacture has been a good branch of
business—not so good within the last few months
as it was before that time; but, at the same time,
so has wool-growing been very much inneased
in its profits. Both have gone along together,
and both must go along together; for, when you
s'rike down the manufacturer of woolens, you
strike down the profit of growing wool in this
country, because you will not export it to any
very great extent. I submit to the Senator from !
Kentucky whether the provisions of this hill, i
which have been arranged by the friends of both j
parties, are not satisfactory, and whether he had j
not better let it remain as it is in this respect?
By the tariff of 1857, we admitted all wool cost-
ing less than 20 cents a pound free of duty. By
this bill wc propose to admit all wool costing less I
than 18 cents a pound, free. Now, the quality of I
wool which is mostly used, is that costing be- '
tween 20 and 16 cents. The manufacturers say
they cannot carry on profitably the manufacture
if you reduce that minimumto 16cents; and there- ,
fore there has been a settlement of the question, \
so far as the friends of the two sides could settle I
it, by adjusting the minimum at 18 cents, and !
leaving it there; and now, it seems to me, if you
guard the billsoastopreventfraud, which I agree
should be done, so as not to admit fine wools in
this way, but to admit only the coarse wools which
are worth less than 18 cents a pound, you will
protect the wool-growing interest, and you will
protect the manufacturer, so that both branches
will go on and thrive together; which, it seems to
me, is very desirable.
Mr. POWELL. 1 regret that I cannot concur
in the views expressed by the Senator from New
Hampshire. I want this duty imposed for two
reasons. First, I want the growers of wool in this
country to be protected; and, in the next place, 1
want the revenue. It is a fact that is apparent in
this Chamber, that we are now imposing taxes
upon articles of the greatest necessity. Coffee
and tea, by an amendment already adopted to this
bill, are subjected to taxation; and I can see no
reason why the wool-growers, those who grow
coarse wool in this country, should not have this
protection. The Senator indicates many reasons
why the woolen-manufacturing interest may suf-
fer m consequence of this tariff bill. Among others,
he tells us that the onerous duties which it places
upon iron will be injurious to them. The hon-
orableSenatorfrom Pennsylvania [Mi*.Cameron]
has been trying to impress me with the belief,
during the whole session, that the high duties put
on iron will make it cheaper; and the venerable
Senator from Rhode Island, who has the subject
peculiarly under his charge, tells us that high
duties make the articles cheaper 1 was delighted
to hear the Senator from New Hampshire tell us,
and tell the country, that these duties will make
these articles higher, i am utterly opposed to the
hh'h duties that are imposed on iron in this bill.
I intend to make an efifoit to reduce them, because
I am confident that those duties will not only tax
the machinery employed in the mills of the Sen-
ator's constituents, but they will tax the plow-
shares, the axes, the sickles, and the hoes of the
great agricultural interests of this country.
1 am very confident that the Senator is mis-
taken when he. thinks there is no wool grown in
the West, the price of which is under 24 cents.
I have often known wool to sell cheaper than that.
The Stale from which I come is not a wool-grow-
ing State to a very large extent, but almost every
one of our farmers has more or less sheep, usu-
ally the coarse-wool sheep. 1 think itcrmncntly
proper that the duty which 1 have proposed should
be imposed; and it is a wonder to me that Sen-
ators from the great Northwest, where this is a
commanding interest, do not come up and help us
to amend the bill so as to tax this wool. I am
not disposed to permit, if I can avoid it, the great
agricultural inteiests of this country to be im-
posed upon for the purpose of protecting and fos-
tering every other industrial interest. God knows
that 1 wish the manufacturing and all other inter-
ests of this countiy to be prosperous; but I think
it entirely wrong that, in order to give them duties
to enrich them, you should be constantly drawing
heavily on the great agricultural interests of the
nation.
I hope that the amendment will prevail. I am
credibly informed by those who are more con-
versant with the wool-trade than 1 am—-for I con-
fess 1 have not examined itvery much—that it is
the custom to bring in fine wool mixed'with dirt
so as to get it in cheap, and then wash it out and
use it as tine wool. 1 want that,practice put an
end to. For the reasons that I have very briefly !
assigned, 1 hope the amendment will be adopted
It is not my purpose to strike at the gentleman's j
interests or any other; hut I think it improper and ;
wrong to foster one branch of industry by taxing
unduly another. I think it wrong upon principle I
in a country like this, or in any other, to hire labor 1
by bountiesorbyduties;toleavea profitable pur-
suit and take to one that is not so profitable; and
without the duties impused by this bill, Senators I
admit that our labor could be more piofitably em-
ployed. You take the people's money, you give :
it as bounties and duties to those interests, and !
then talk about protecting the great laboring in- !
terest of the country! 1 hope the SenateVili '
adopt this amendment. j
3\lr. CLARK. I want to adduce an illustration, I
which I think will make this matter a little plain I
to the Senator from Kentucky. We have, as I :
have said befoie, ail establishment in my city
manufacturing woolen goods. There are a large !
number of operatives. They buy wool from all
the western States; they not only buy woo), but
they buy flour, and breadstuff's, and cheese, and
otherarticles of agricultural product. Strike down
that establishment, and you destroy the.market
foryourwool; and more than that,you very much
injure the market for your flour and your other
agricultural products. You injure the interest of
the western part of the country at both ends. They
can neither buy your wool, nor your flour, nor
your other articles. Whatisanillustrationin one
case is an illustration in another. If you strike
down all the woolen manufacturers, it would have
precisely the same operation on the products of
the country.
Now, 1 want to make one further suggestion in
regard to a remark that fell from the Senator from
Kentucky, because I perceive that he did not give
the right meaning or the full scope to a remark I
made. 1 am not going to discuss the effect of a
protective tariff on the manufactures of the coun-
try; but 1 think experience has demonstrated that
where you have protected a manufacturer of one
branch of business, you have thereby reduced the
cost of the manufacture. For instance; twelve
years ago, it cost us 6 or 7 cents to manufacture a
yard of cotton cloth; now we can manufacture
that same yard of cotton cloth for 3 cents; and by
perfecting our manufacture, in some kinds of cot-
ton cloth we can compete against the world; but
we had to be protected somewhat at first, and
some branches of the cotton business have to be
protected now.
I think precisely the same will be the effect on
the manufacture of iron. I do notdoubt that, for
a short time, the priSe of iron will be enhanced;
but when we come to manufacture iron more
abundantly and by better methods and by better
processes, I have no doubt that in time iron will
be manufactured cheaper than it is now, and that
we shall have it at as small a price as now; but
in the mean time our manufacturers must suffer
somewhat by the imposition of thatduty; butthat
we are cheerfully willing to bpar. While we have,
duties laid on iron which we use in our manufac-
ture, and duties laid on other things, we do not
want to be cut off from the supply of foreign wool
which does not come largely in competition with
the product of any portion of this country. I agree
with the Senator from Kentucky,that these frauds
should be prevented; and if that is what he com-
plains of, 1 think other provisions of the bill are
sufficiently guarded to accomplish his purpose; if
they are not, I will cheerfully go with him in such
measures as may prevent the frauds; but I do not
think it should be done by a duty upon the coarse
wool.
Mr. POWELL. I will say to the Senatorthat
I propose this amendment for three reasons; first,
revenue; second, protection; and third, to prevent
fraud.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to ask the Senator
whom is he going to protect? Where is it that
this species of wool, below the value of 18 cents
a pound, is produced?
Mr. POLK. If I fully believed that the effect
would be, by leaving this cheap wool to come in
free, to giveprotection to American wool growers,
I should fee) disposed to fall in with the line of
policy that is iml icaLed by the Senator fi om New
flampshire. But I will state a fact: there is a
large quantity ot this coarse wool, most of which
is thrown away entirely; but some of it now is
beginningto be brouglitexteiisively inio the coun-
try, raised in New Mexico, where, as it is well
known by all of us, they have immense herds of
■sheep mainly for the meat that is produced by the
sheep, having heretofore paid very little, if any,
regard to the wool. But now the return trips (if
I may say so) of the plains vessels, the immense
wagons that go there, bring in a good deal of tiiat
coarse wool; and that coarse wool would bo pro-
tected by this duty, and ultimately they would be
led to make an improvement in the quality of
their wool. I have no doubt they can grow fine
sheep there. That is a country as weli calculated
to produce fine wool, as it is to produce the meat
that is gathered from the sheep there. I am dis-
posed to vote for the amendment for that reason.
Mr. GRIMES. Then it seems this proposition
of the Senator from Kentucky is designed for the
benefit of JNTow Mexico, and for the wool pro-
ducers of New Mexico.
Mr. POWELL. No, sir.
