64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bcecmber 12.
been made during the present session to print still
remain unexecuted, and in the hands of the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing, who says that
the Public Printer .refuses to execute the orders
of the House for printing, on account of the re-
duction of forty per cent, made at the last session
of Congress.
' Mr. GARNETT. That, then, is one of the
first fruits of our Black Republican rule
Mr. PHELPS. There is_a remedyfor that
difficulty. If the Public Printer refuses to exe-
cute the orders of the House for printing, under
the existing'law, the Superintendent of Public
Printing is required to have it executed elsewhere.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not strike me that
the remark of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Garnett] was quite fair. The reduction of forty
per cent, made under a law of the last session
changes the contract of the Public Printer, and,
as a matter of course, leaves him under no obli-
gation to execute any order of the House for
printing. Whether it is in consequence of Black
Republican rule or white Republican rule, of black
Democratic rule or white Democratic rule, he is
not obliged to do the printing.
Mr. ICELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to say
to the gentleman from Ohio, in reply to the sug-
gestion he has made that the Public Printer re-
fuses to perform the duties of his office, that lam
credibly informed he is now lying sick; that
after having left his home, he was not able to reach
the Capitol; and that his duties will be performed
whenever he is able to be here. He does not re-
fuse to perform them, as I am credibly informed;
but the reason why the work is not going on, is
that I have stated.
Mr. HASKIN. Idesire to make a statement
in reference to this matter.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
tleman iron) Missouri is not debatable.
Mr. HASKIN. I desired to make a statement
from the Committee on Printing.
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman wishes to
make a statement from a committee, I withdraw
the motion that the committee rise.
Mr. HASKIN. As reference has been made
to the legislation of the last session 011 the subject
of the public printing, I ask leave, in justice to
the Committee 011 Printing, to make a statement.
I state, for the information of the House, thatto-
tnorrow they propose introducing a resolution to
remedy the existing evils. Reference lias been
particularly made to the fact of the compensation
of the Public Printer having been reduced forty
per cent, under the law of the last session. Now,
sir, I am authorized to state—and it comes from
Mr. Heart, the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing—that the public printing can be done as well
as it has been done heretofore, and by the same
parties who have done the printing of the House
during the last and the present session, notwith-
standing the reduction of forty per cent., and yet
make a fair profit. The fact is that the House
Printer elected at the last session has never really
attended to any part of his legitimate duties. Im-
mediately subsequent to his election, he made a
continet sub-letting this punting to Larcombe &
English, the gentlemen who have executed the
printing of the House during this Congress, by
which contract they bound themselves to give the
Printer for this House twenty per cent, upon the
amount allowed under the old rates. 1 hold in
my hand a statement from the Superintendent
of Public Printing, by which it will be seen that
the amount of certificates issued to the Printer for
the House for the printing done, and to be done,
ordered at the last session, is $G0,157, showing
that that Printer, elected by the House, or hi')
assignee, has received, or will receive, for print-
ing with which he has had nothing practically to
do, the sum of $12,031 40.
So much, sir, for the Printer for this House.
Let me, in addition, refer to some facts which I
have in relation to the Printer for the Senate,
General Bowman, who has the charge, also, of a
certain portion of the printing of the House. The
statement I make I have obtained from the Super-
intendent of Public Printing. The amount paid
out for the Senate printing, and that portion of
the House printing referred to, is §97,629, and he
will receive enough more to make up the total
amount to §140,609. Genera! Bowman, who was
elected the Printer for the Senate, entered into a
sub-contract with Mr. Rives, by which the latter
was to do all the work and to pay the former
thirty-three and one third per cent, of the amount
-allowed under the law, for absolutely doing-noth-
ing. Astounding as it may appear, still it is not
the less true, that General Bowman, for doing
nothing, will this year receive the sum of $46,869
from Mr. Rives, who has executed all the work and
furnished itto the Senateand the House. In other
words, General Bowman, having been elected
Printer for the Senate, is really only the Printer
in name, receiving, however, thg money from the
Treasury and paying over sixty-six and two
thirds per cent, to Mr. Rives, retaining the re-
maining thirty-three and one third per cent, him-
self. I state these facts for the purpose of show-
ing that the action of the House and of the Senate,
in passing the joint resolution of last session,
which was approved by the President, reducing
the rates of the public printing forty per cent., was
just and proper. Under that resolution there will,
on the printing which will probably be ordered
during this session, amounting to about two hun-
dred thousand dollars, be asaving to the Treasury,
now entirely depicted and bankrupt, of §80,000..
I give notice, on behalfof the Committee on Print-
ing, that I will bring this matter before the House
to-morrow, when I will offer such resolutions as
the exigencies of the occasion demand. Until
then I defer any further remark. What I have
said has been called forth bj^ allusions of other
gentlemen.
Mr. PHELPS moved that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Bingham reported that
the Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the consular and diplomatic appropriation bill,
and had come to 110 resolution thereon.
STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, I ask leave of
the House to present a resolution, to which I
think there can benoobjection. [Criesof " Read
it!"]
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolve/l, That, immediately after the reading oft he Jour-
nal to-morrow morning, the States and Terntories shall be
called for bills and resolutions; the bills and resolutions
presented under said call to be referred, without debate, to
the select committee <jf thirty-three on the President's
message, and no motion to reconsider the oider of reference
of any of such bills and re&olutions shall thereafter be in
order.
There was no objection: and the resolution was
received.
Mr. BRANCH. The resolution, Mr. Speaker,
simply givesan opportunity to the members of the
House to present any resolution or bill on the sub-
ject-matter of the resolution of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Boteler,] and to have it referred
to the committee of thirty-three. It is obvious
that, unless this be done under a special order of
the House, members who have such propositions
to offer will hardly have an opportunity to do so
previous to the action of that committee.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to modify his resolution, so as to
provide that bills and resolutions in reference to
the subject-matter before the committee of thirty-
three shall be referred to that committee, and that
other bills and resolutions which may be intro-
duced shall take another reference.
Mr. BRANCH The effect of the resolution
is piecisely that indicated by the gentleman from
Ohio. Everything presented to-morrow goes to
that committee, if any gentleman has anything
in his possession that does not relnte to the sub-
ject-mattcr referred to that committee, it will, of
course, not be introduced on the call to-morrow,
because he will not desire it to go to that .com-
mittee.
Mr. STANTON. So I understand, and my
object is to allow, on that call, the introduction of
other bills and resolutions for reference to appro-
priate standing committees.
Mr. BRANCH. I call for the previous question.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put;
and, under the operation thereof, the resolution
was adopted.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suggest before we adjourn
that the propositions of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Morris] and of the gentleman from
Arkansas [Mr. Hind man] be referred to the com-
mittee of thirty-three, and ordered to be printed.
It is important that the committee should have all
the information before it that is necessary at the
earliest day.
Mr. BRANCH. I have no objection to that.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. We can do
that to-morrow; and I insist on the motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
Thereupon (at ten minutes past two o'clock,
p. m.) the House adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
„ IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, December 12, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gorley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. Robert W. Johnson, of Arkansas, ap-
peared in his scat.
PETITION.
Mr. POWELL presented the petition of Mary
Mitchell, widow of A. J. Mitchell, deceased, a
purser in the Navy, praying that the securities
of her late husband may be released from the
payment of a debt unjustly alleged to be due from
him to the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Mary Willard, formerly
widow of Aaron Young, a soldier in the war of 1812, pray-
ing that her name may be placed on the pension roll, under
the acts of February 3, 1853, and June 3, 1858, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the Senate the petition of Joseph Loianger, praying for
remuneration for property destioyed by the enemy in the
war of 1812.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Perry McDonough Col-
lins, praying compensation lor commercial jesearches in
northern Asia, and the exploiation of the Amoor river, m
As>ia, on the liles of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee ou Foreign Relations.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
519) authorizing iloats to issue in satisfaction of
claims against the United States, for lands sold
by them within the Las Omegas and La Nance
grants, in the State of Louisiana; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
THE TARIFF BILL.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I desire to state
to the Senate, that when, on the motion of my
colleague yesterday, the tariff bill was taken up
for consideration, 1 had prepared an amendment
which I then intended to olfer to the bill; but at
the time it was in my room and I had no oppor-
tunity to offer it. I desire this morning to pre-
sent the amendment, with the understanding that
it shall be referred to the committee, with the bill.
I offer the amendment which I send to the Chair,
and ask to have it printed.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will be referred. It
is fair to let the Senator presetU his scheme, and
it can go to the committee and be considered in
connection with the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) Does the Senatordesire to have theamend-
mcnt read?
Mr. BIGLER. It is unnecessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance, if there be
no objection. ["None!"]
THE TREASURY NOTE ftlLL.
Mr. BIGLER. There seems to be no business
before the Senate in regular order, and I move
that the Senate resume the consideration of the
resolution offered by the Senator from Kentucky,
in regard to the reference of the President's mes-
sage.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this ques-
tion the Senator from Texas has the floor.
