1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
will hardly be a pound of wool under 18 cents
brought into this country,) and by their mixture
with other wools, they have added to the woolen
Manufactures of the country, and the indirect ef-
fect hajs been to piotect our own wool, to increase
the price of that wool, and it has been increased
by it, while; at the same time, the woolen mills
of the country that were silent, doing nothing,
have been exceedingly prosperous. Wool under
20 cents is now admitted free, and you propose,
by this bill, to have only wool duty free that is
below 18 cents; and I say hero to-day that that
cuts off the great mass of the importation of wool
that has been brought into the country duty free.
Hardly any wool is brought into the country
valued under 18 cents. The great portion of it is
between 18 and 21 and 22 cents.
The Senator from Michigan says that the price
is only 25 cents a pound on which the duties are
paid. Now, the Senator knows, or should know,
if he had inquired into it, that the most of these
imported wools that pay duties are the wools that
are worth from 20 to 21, 22, and 23 cents, and
those other wools worth from 50 cents to $1, the
very finest and highest priced kinds of wool; but
the great mass of wools that have paid your 24
per cent, duty, have been wools worth 20 cents,
and from that to 22 or 23 cents. It averaged 25;
but the great mass of it was only worth 21, 22,
and 23 cents, and the other portion of it was ex-
tremely valuable wool, being the finest kind of
wools that can be found in the world that are ne-
cessary to be used.
Now, sir, a word in regard to the price of cloths,
Ithas been said here that woolen cloths have risen
during the last four years. Thjs will be news to
the manufacturers of the countiy. I venture to
say to-day that they are lower, and have ranged
lower, than they were the four preceding years.
Nobody can doubt tins fact. There is not a man
in the country that will examine the prices cur-
rent, or who knows about the prices of woolen
goods, or almost any kind of textile fabrics, who
will not acknowledge they have diminished rather
than increased in price during the last four years.
Now, sir, 1 say, as was said by the Senator from
New Hampshire, my vote is lo depend on whether
this amendment be put in the bill. If it is put
there, 1 shall vote against the bill.
The PRESIDING} OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered hythe .Senator from
Kentucky; and upon that question the yeas and
nays have been oidcred.
Tile question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11), nays 23; as follows:
\ HAS—Messrs. Baker, fUyaul, BriBX, Bright, CIiiir-
irnut. Fitch, Uleen, Ifuntei, Johnson ol Arkansas, johnson
ol" Tennessee, Kennedy, l.une, .Mason, Nichol-
son, Polk, Powell, Thomson, ;iml VVi^l'all—19.
NAYS—Mc-ms. Anthony, Hitler, L'imieinn.Cknk, Dix-
on, lluotulle, Douf;la.s, Dtukee, tV-wMi'ii n, ]''oot, l-'ostor,
fvumes, Ji.ile, tfrlrl.in, Km;;, Seward, Simmons, .Sumner,
Tea Eyck, Ttumlntll, Wade, Wilkin-on, and Wilson—-23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. B1GLER. I do not rise to offer an amend-
ment, but I desire to make a general statement in
reference to the progress of tins lull; and, so far
as I understood Senators,! think it will be agreed
to. We have now pursued it diligently for some
days, and we must dispose of it m a shoit lime.
£ suggest that, by common consent, it be undei-
stood that we shall vote on this bill finally to-
morrow There are one or two Senators here
who are under pressing engagements to leave the
Chamber in a few minutes—engagements that I
feel required to consider—and it is important to
them io know that no attempt will be made to
press the bill to a final vote this evening; but there
seems to be universal consent that the vote shall
he taken to-moirow. Is there any objection'
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch m
the chair.) That cannot be the subject of any !
motion, and of course it is not before the Senate.
Mr. POLK. 1 hope thtf vote will not be taken
on the bill until all the amendments have been
ofiered. There are a number to be offered yet.
Mr. BINGHAM. I propose to amend the bill
in the section laying a duty on wool.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope the Senator will al-
low them to get through with their amendments
on the other side.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let me perfect mine about
wool. I propose a duty of 5 per cent on ail wool
valued under IS cents a pound.
Mr SIMMONS I hope my friend from Mich-
igan will not embarrass this bill with that amend-
ment. I know it will create a good deal of hostil-
ity in the House of Representatives; and possibly
we may lose the bill in the Senate by it. I un-
derstand there are some members who will not
agree to it; and I would not have this great rev-
enue measure destroyed for the sake of getting a
mere temporary duty on wool this year. If these
frauds should continue, I will try to help the Sen-
ator as much as anybody hereafter; but I hope
he will not press this amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. This proposition of mine
will make the duty about 1 cent a pound on wool.
If there is anybody here lepresenting the manu-
facturing interest that wants to defeat the tariff
bill on account of a duty of 1 cent a pound on
wool, I have no objection to its being done. There,
is nothing in the bill that benefits my constituents
particularly. We are taxed all the while. We are
taxed for the benefit of the manufacturers in every
particular. If we cannot have that trifling pro-
tection of 5 per cent, on wool, when we pay 30 and
40 per cent, on woolen goods, let the bill go.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, I once heard a
great judge say, that, next to doing justice, the
best thing was to appear to do it. Now, I do
not know that a duty of 1 cent a pound on wool
will kill the manufacturers, or will make the farm-
ers of the West or of Oregon rich; but it will let
some of them know that we are here thinking
about it; and I earnestly hope we may be consid-
ered, and that Senators will give us a duty of 5
per cent. I do not think it will ruin Massachu-
setts. I have better faith in her.
Mr. WILSON. We all know, sir, that the
Senator is here. I wish he would think about it,
and then I should have more confidence in the vote
he would give. Wool, under the present tariff,
valued under 20 cents a pound, is broughtin duty
free. By the present bill, you have changed that
to wool costing IN cents. We did not want the
change. Wo workedagainstit; we worked against
it all last winter, in order to keep it at 20 cents;
but you would cut it down to 18, which cuts off
four fifths of all the importations, and taxes those
from 18 to 23 cents a pound. We agreed to it.
After weeks and weeks of examination and strug-
gle, that was assented to by all parties, and be-
lieved to be satisfactory; and now here, at this
time, comes in a proposition to change that. 1
know it is a small amount, but still it is some-
thing. Yon have cut off more than four fifths of
all the importations that come in duty free under
the present tariff,and taxed them 3 cents a pound,
by fixing the limit at 18 instead of 20ccnts. Why
cannot the Senator from Oregon be contented with
that > Why does he wish toVrowd it so that t here
cannot be a pound brought into the countiy under
it.' Who is to be benefited by it? If gentlemen were
to bo benefited, I should be willing to divide with
them; for I do not ask any special favors; but the
facts show that the policy of admitting cheap
coarse wools duty free, instead of diminishing the
prices of home-produced wool, has increased those
prices; and 1 would be willing to stake my exist-
ence that that policy will continue to do it. There !
is lio doubt about it at all; and still, Senators come
in here and persist in these propositions, not to
gam anything for themselves, but to strike down
the great interests of this country.
Mr. KAICER. Will the Senator
word?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. BAKER. Let me say a word to the Sen-
ator about this subject. l,as a Whig, in old times,
understanding a little of the principles of a tariff
and very little of the details, used to argue with
the distinguished Senator fronn Illinois [Mr. Docg-
i.as] in the presence of a great many people, to
make them believe that the way to have things
that they wanted to eat, to drink, and to wear,
very cheap, was to put a very high duty on them, j
[Laughter.] Well, I reasonably believed that •
then, and 1 reasonably believe it'now; that is, 1 !
believe that in the infancy of a manufacture yon
may reajly help the country by laying a protect- \
ive tariff m its favor. I believe, moreover, that 1
protection is sufficient when you give the revenue i
duty upon the. proposed article. I am content '
with that; and I am trying to protect the manu- '
factures of the country by raising revenue for a 'l
tariff, discriminating as I do. That being so, it ||
would be very hard for me to go home and tell |t
my people that Senator Wilson convinced me 1
allow me a
that, in the case of wool, the only thing wo raise
and care much about, the way to get the better
price for it is to have no duty at all. I cannot
do that. My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cam-
eron] tells me we cannot sell a pound of wool in
our State at all. We cannot sell very much of
anything; but we do happen to raise a little wool,
and very coarse wogl at that; and for the sake of
the appearance of the thing, at any rate, I think,
to levy a duty of 5 per cent, upon it will not he
unreasonable; and I am not persuaded, and I do
not intend to be persuaded, that Massachusetts
will vote against a tariff for any such reason.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, there is one
idea running round this Chamber, and I desire to
dispose of it at once; and that is, that we of Mas-
sachusetts are deeply interested in this tariff bill.
I tell you, sir, as my deliberate judgment, four
fifths of the people of Massachusetts are against
this bill, and in favor of the tariff as it now stands.
Nineteen twentieths of the letters I receive on this
subject are to that effect. The feeling generally
among our commercial and business men is, that
it will put greater burdens upon us than it will
affords benefits. Take, for instance, the article
ofiron. You have put heavy duties upon it. We
manufacture from $8,000,000 to $19,000,000 an-
nually of products in which iron enters. We have
vast railroad interests. We have shipping inter-
ests; and you aregoing to put hundreds of dollars
on every ship we build, by the tax that- you put
on the iron, and various other articles which enter
into the building of it. I want Senators to under-
stand that, whatever might have been the senti-
ments of Massachusetts ageneration ago, in those
good old Whig days, when the doctrines of pro-
tection were thought highly of, wo feel that we
have as much capital, as much skill, and it is as
well organized as can be found anywhere in Amer-
ica; and a high protective policy, instead of being
for our interests, is calculated to raise up rivals at
home, and is more injurious to us- than foreign
competition. We have come to understand our
prtscise and exact position; and I desire Senators
to understand here to-day that Massachusetts is
not here asking for the passage of this bill; and if
it is passed, it will not be passed for her interest:
she is content with the tariff as it now stands.
But, sir, Massachusetts is ready to stand with her
sister States in advocating a policy for the general
interests of the country, and to take her part and
lot in it. The time has come to increase the lev-
enues of the Government; and her Representa-
tives m these Chambers support this measure as
a revenue measure. I support it as such, wholly
and entirely; for my conviction to-day is deep and
profound that our State is not to be specially ben-
efited by it.
Now, I say to the Senator from Oregon and to
i the Senator from Michigan, in all kindness of feel-
j ing, that if they or their constituents were to gain
| anything by it, 1 would not stand here to contend
; upon the subject; but I know by this proposition
| they will injure us and not benefit themselves;
; ay, more: that every blow struck ill the direction
| in winch they are now moving, is to injure us
; first, and beinjured themselves as the result. That
j is my conviction. Now, as you have cut usdown
i from 20 to 18 cents, and by so doing put a tax on
! the great mass of wools imported under 20 cents,
, in Heaven's name, why not be content with that?
. Why press it further upon us?
; Mr. BINGHAM. One question of fact I want
! to have settled before the vote is taken. My col-
league is a merchant in 'Detroit, a wholesale'mer-
j clnmt, and has been in that occupation for more
p than a quarter of a century. He is one of the
: most extensive merchants there is m the western
; country. I want to have him tell if the price of
j woolen goods has raised or fallen within the last
three ycai s.
i Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask for the
1 yeas and nays on the amendment.
; The yeas and nays were ordered,
i Mr. WADE. I have looked into tins matter
| as well as I am able, and it is a matter of some
i considerable difficulty to my mind to ascertain
: what the eftect of this amendment would be. On
the whole, after studying the bill on the subject
i of wool as well as i am able, I have determined
, to support it as it is. I represent a constituency
1 as deeply interested in this subject as any other
Senator on tins floor; for my State is the largest
wool-growing State in the Union. Now>sir,our
