66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
from' them; sad wo know that a Treasury note
which would go at par, would be of immense as-
sistance at this time. We have no safe means—
I mean safe to the Government—to ascertain what
could go out at par, except this device of ascer-
taining and giving the note to tlie bidder who will
take it at the lowest rate of interest. Give all a
chance to the extent of these $3,000,000, and then
wc give n out at the lowest rate of interest, what-
ever that may be.
We also propose, inasmuch as it is exceedingly
difficult now to give credit to any species of cur-
rency, to set aside the proceeds of the public lands,
so that the Secretary of the Treasury may at any
time to that amount buy in the notes at par. Any
public creditor who receives them at six per cent,
because he is obliged to take them at that or get
nothing, will find that he has lost by it; but tins
is to give him an opportunity, to some extent, to
get the money. Wc believe that with ail these
securities, we may perhaps got out a note which
will circulate at par.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, I am willing
to give every facility that will give currency to
these notes; but we have already now some thir-
teen millions of Treasury notes out, and the whole
revenues of the Government are pledged to their
redemption. Now, 1 ask the Senator from Vir-
ginia if he would strengthen public credit if he
should take the funds that me pledged for the
notes that we have out, and make them special
funds for these notes that wo are about to issue.
Do you mean to promise according to your hopes
and pay according to your fears? is that the way
to get credit? There ts not a dollar of public
money received from the public lands that is i*ot
already pledged to the redemption of Treasury
notes that will come due this year. The way to
keep the public credit good is not to doubt it our-
selves. Let the countiy know that wo have un-
doubted confidence in the credit of this Govern-
ment. We have no funds that are not pledged
to public creditors to borrow money upon. Let
the notes he sold for what they will bring, if we
cannot get the full price for them, tint, sir, I
hold that good faith lequires that we should deal
with all creditors alike. Wo have borrowed
twenty or thirty, nay, near forty million within
a year or two, and pledged this \ery fund for the
payment, that is now proposed to be set apart in
order to enable you to hire money at better rates
on these notes. Let us not doubt the credit of
this Government ourselves, and the public will
have confidence in it.
Mr. HUNTER. If this were a question of
bankruptcy, and the distribution of assets, the
argument of the Senator from Rhode Island would
be correct. The general faith of the Government
is pledged for the redemption of all its stocks and
notes; but it is to be hoped the Government will
bG able to pay all its debts, and we are assisting
those who hold Government stocks if we can put
out a security which is at par. In order to do
that, we propose to give a special security to these
notes. We propose to set aside specially the
proceeds of the public lands, so that the bidders
may be encouraged to take these notes at par.
If we can get out $10,000,000 of Treasury notes
at par, will it not help the credit of the other
Treasury notes, and all the stocks, not only of
this Government, but of the State governments
themselves?
Mr. CLARK. Do I understand the chairman
of the Committee on Finance to say that he be-
lieves the notes would not go at par unless this
specific appropriation be made? Does he think
it necessary to make this mortgage ?
Mr. HUNTER. 1 cannot undertake to define
the precise limit to which they will go, or will not
go. I think there will be great difficulty in getting
them out at par. 1 know I increase the chance
of getting them out if I set apart this fund. I
will not say they will not go without it; but I will
say I have much more hope that they will go
with it than without it. I am not sure that they
will go even with this provision, but I trust that
they will.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 should like to have the
yeas and nays on the amendment.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr, SIMMONS. I very much dislike to de-
tain tire Senate on a matter of this sort that may
seem not to require so much debate. I can per-
ceive that those who propose this amendment do
it with perfect fairness and perfect sincerity, and
with a strong belief in the circulation of these
notes 
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will raise
his voice; I cannot hear him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is impossi-
ble to hear Senators on the floor, there is so
much confusion in the lobbies. *
Mr. SIMMONS. I say 1 did not mean to call
in question, at all, the propriety of the members
who recommend this measure. I believe they
think it will facilitate the parsing of these notes.
But I call the attention of the Senate to this fact:
that Senators who are opposed to any turangc-
ment of the public lands, any disposition of them
that Congress may see fit to make, may choose
to tie themselves up, or tie up the majority of
Congress by pledging the proceeds of these lands
to a certain use. That I suppose to be the real
motive with some; I do not say it is with all.
1 do not object to the reduction of these notes
to fifty dollars, although I think that is of a very
doubtful expediency. Itsets up this Government
m the issuing of a currency. That is what it is
intended to do—to issue notes for a currency.
But I shall confine myself now to this question
about credit, and the condition in which this
amendment will put the bill. It will send it back
to the House, and there will be a controversy be-
tween the two Houses about the amendment. It
is said wc want the money to be raised by these
Treasury notes, and need it right away. I agree
to that; but it is well known—we have it hereby
bills, and I have a right to speak of it—that a
large majority of the House of Representatives
have another disposition of these lands than the
pledging of them in this way. When you come
to take up any railroad project, it will interfere
with that. If any lands are to be given to a road,
or to those who are to build a road, then those
who are opposed to the road will get up and say,
these-lauds are pledged already, and you cannot
gi\e them away; you cannot dispose of them;
they are collateral security for the notes of the
Government. You will thus mix up your fiscal
system with your land system, and yuu cannot
do much with eithei.
Let these notes bo issued on the same terms
that the Treasury notes are and that the loan is.
If you make a distinction between the paper that
you issue to get money to carry on this Govern-
ment, you will depress t^he people who have given
par and over par within the last sixty days for
the loan that is out. They will say there is a
specific fund pledged for the Treasury notes, and
none pledged for this loan. You will have all
sorts of accounts in your Treasury books, and all
sorts of sourccs to get money to relieve the dif-
ferent obligations of the Government. It will
introduce a new system into the Treasury, and,
in my opinion, injure the credit of all the paper
we have got out in the hands of the community.
How long lias our credit been so poor > The last
loan we offered at five percent., redeemable in
twenty years, brought over par. What right has
anybody to say that these n-^tes will not go at six
percent? Thei e is no evidence of it. There ate,
to be sure, great commercial troubles; but there is
money enough, and these notes at six percent,
will call it out, m my opinion.
I am willing, and I think it a good plan, to
offer $3,000,000 of them to be taken at par at
the lowest rates of interest at which the bidders
will receive them. If it is seven percent., give it.
We are bound to get the money to pay the cred-
itors of the Government. But I trust that this
amendment will not be adopted. U will embar-
rass the bill itself. It will injure the credit of our
obligations now out, held by hones', bona fide pur-
chasers at par, and rn'ake distinctions in the debts
that we owe to the world. I think it too serious
a matter to throw it in on this bill. It will em-
barrass us ii)'all out* business about land, and
create great distrust of our paper.
Mr. HALE. I would be obliged if somebody
would state precisely what will be the practical
difference between the honorary or legal obliga-
tions of the Government, whether this amendment
is adopted or not. „To my mind there is not any.
The faith of the Government and all its revenues
are pledged to the honest redemption of its obli-
gations; and I wish somebody would state the
practical difference, either in a legal or an hon-
orary point of view, whether the amendment is
adopted or not. I do not wish to indicate by this
that I shall vote against the amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I will try to
explain to the Senator from Rhode Island the dif-
ference between the specific appropriation m this
bill and an ordinary one, I do not know what
the difference is between the honorary and legal
responsibilities of the Government, and therefore
cannot explain that to the Senator from New
Hampshire; but, iu answer to the Senator from
Rhode Island, this amendment of the Committee
on Finance, as I understand it, proposes that the
proceeds of the public lands shall be specifically
appropriated for the payment and redemption of
these Treasury notes. It has been customary to
pledge the whole proceeds of the public lands to
the payment of special debts. The whole pro-
ceeds of the sales of public lands that come into
the Treasury are appropriated to the redemption
of these notes. The practical effect will be this:
my friend from Rhode island has aTreasury note
for $100 for pay now due to him; he goes to the
Treasury, and the Secretary of the Treasury, Mr.
Toucey, or whoever may be Secretary just now,
says, 44 Mr. Senator, we have no money to-day,
but next week we shall have some money re-
ceived from the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic lantjs, and next Tuesday morning I will pay
you your note out of that special fund." He will
then go there on-that day and get it. That is the
practical result ofuhis thing.
It has been very bustomary to appropriate these
lands to this purposV* and I think justly so. At
present we are in a stiait The Senator fiom
Rhode Island, to whom I generally look for in-
formation on such subjects, seems to believe we
can sell our bonds at any price. I do not think
so. I see that, in the New-York market yester-
day, our fives were selling at ninety-two cents;
one thousand United States fives, due in 18G5,
selling for ninety-two cents on the dollar. Coupon
bonds of 1871 were selling at eighty-five cents.
The loans of the Stateof Missouri, six per cents.,
were selling yesterday at sixty-thiee cents. Six
per tents, of the State of Virginia weie selling
at sevcnty-thiee cents. Now, no man who is* in
the habit of dealing in money in the city of New
York believes that the United States sixes are
worth much more than the sixes of Virginia—at
least the Senator from Vnginia would think so—
though I believe they command a little more.
Pennsylvania fives are selling for about ninety-
two cents. I believe they are a little better than
any of the others.
it has been customary in all the countries of the
world, so far as I undeistand it, to allow the peo-
ple to come in and take a portion of the loans of
the Government. I think that financial act of
Louis Napoleon, by which he enabled every
Frenchman to come and take a proportion of the
loans of the Government, did him more credit—
certainly gave him more popularity—than any
financial act of ins. Therefore I should be glad
to see these Treasury notes issued in any sum
not less than twenty dollars. I supposed, when
the bill came into the Senate, that it was recom-
mended by the committee that they should be
issued for sums of twenty and fifty dollars. That
would enable everybody in the country, no matter
how humble, to take a portion of this loan. It
would make it popular, and give currency to it.
I remember the old doctrine of the Democratic
party, which 1 never believed when I was in the
party, that we ought to make no currency. Cur-
rency is a mere term. It may mean anything or
nothing. I believe that if the Government adds
to its credit by enabling every person to take a
portion of this loan, it docs a public good; and
therefore I should be willing to issue these Treas-
ury notes now in any sum down to twenty dol-
lars. But that, it seems, cannot be done.
The public loan due on the 1st of January will
require,as I understand, about two million dollars
to pay the interest on it. No man here would be
willing to see the day go by without the interest
being paid. I believe there is not a man in Con-
gress who has not enough national piide to be
unwilling to let this debt go without the int< rest
being paid the day it was promised. Therefore
I will consent to pass this bill just as it is re-
ported, and enable the Secretary of the Treasury
