1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
to sell a portion of the notes for any sum that will
enable him to got money to pay the interest com-
ing due. I do not mean to make any speech about
it: but these are my views.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope the Senator from
Pennsylvania does not suppose that I want to
object to the getting of this money. I have stated
already that 1 approve of that part of the bill that
was to give to the Secretary the right to issue
$3,000,000 at any rate of interest that he could
iutve it taken for at par. Thai I agree to; but
my objection is this specific amendment now
under consideration, entangling our iand system
with th is subject, and making a different provision
for iho redemption of these notes from what we
do for all other spccies of our debt. That is my
objection.
Mr. B1GLER. It seems to rue the Senator
from Rhode Island is manifestly mistaken in the
import of this bill. It certainly in no way em-
barrasses the public lands. -It would not inter-
fere with any disposition Congress might make
of them, although it is a specific pledge of the
proceeds of the public lands. Whatever may
come into the Treasury is pledged for the redemp-
tion of these notes. That is the way I under-
stand the bill. The Senator from Rhode Island
seems to think it is a pledge of the land, and
would embarrass any subsequent action of Con-
gress in reference to it. 1 suppose I understand
what he means. He thinks it would interfere
with the homestead bill. I do not understand the
chairman of the Committee on Finance to take
that view of the subject,
Mr. HUNTER. It docs not interfere with
that at all. It only pledges the proceeds of the
public lands It interferes no more whh the
homestead bill than the genera! pledge of the
public credit which already exists.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am not saying it would
interfere with it; but I say it would be used as an
arg nment.
Mr. HUNTER. Cannot the general pledge
• be used as an argument?
Mr. SIMMONS. Not at all.
Air. HUNTER. I think it is a very fair
argument.
Air, SIMMONS, Tt is a pledge of the re-
sources of the Treasury now. This is all I have
to say. I do not think we ought to make any
distinction between these notes and any others
that have been issued.
Air. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, theques-
tion as presented to us is a choice between two
alternatives. 1 do not pietend to be particulaily
learned on these financial matters; and pcihaps,
if my friend from Rhode Island and my friend
from Pennsylvania agreed in their views, I might
be convinced, or at any rate persuaded to yield
my own judgment; but when doctors disagree,
those of «us who are not doctors must come to
the best conclusion we can.
As I said before, this is a choice between two
things. The bill, as it originally came from the
House, provided substantially that the Secretary
of the Treasury might sell these Treasury notes
for what he could get for them. We know very
well that the money market is regulated by mon-
eyed men, and if they saw a provision in a bill
of this kind, that the Secretary has power to put
them into the market after advertisement, or be-
fore, and sell them for the sum he can get for them,
pledging them, in pointof fact, the result will be,
m my judgment, they will not go off at-all, or it
will be very difficult, except at a very great sacri-
fice; because the money market would be con-
trolled to that purpose and end. Therefore, to
my mind, the provision was objectionable. I do
not say that I am right; but it was not satisfac-
tory to me. It looked like assuming that we were
in a condition that we were obliged to sell our
securities for what we could getforthem—to put
them in the market. I do not think we arc quite
reduced to that condition; nor do I choose, unless
in a case of absolute necessity, to put it in the
power of any orlicer to do that, especially at the
present time.
Then, sir, we had the other alternative. Some-
thing must bedone, evidently, in the present state
oftho money market, to give a feeling of sccunty
in these notes that we are about to put out. What
shall we do ? We know very well—it must be
manifest to everybody who reads the reports of
the state of the market—that if wc simply put out
these Treasury notes in the ordinary way, re-
newable fur two years, certainly it will be very
difficult to get money at all for them; and money
we insist have, to a certain extent, by the 1st of
January, to preserve the credit of this Govern-
ment.
Now, then, whatshall be done in the alternative
presented? Wc may pledge the proceeds of the
public lands specifically. The sales last year
were about a million and a half dollars, accord-
ing to the returns; I do not know the exact sum.
If we put out this amountof Treasury notes, and
pledge the proceeds of the public lands, so far as
they go to the payment, it is security. Is it any-
thing more than has been done before by this
Government, and at a very recent or a compara-
tively recent period, too? I undeistand not. Is
there any discreditabout it? Why it is precisely
what an individual does in like cases. He raises
money; the money market is hard; he wants
more: and what docs he do? He pledges a spe-
cific portion of his property which is productive,
which produces >-ents, which the creditor knows
will produce rent. Is there anything discredit-
able about that? Not at all. Is there anything
of bad faith about that? Not unless a man who
owes money can never make mortgages of his
property on new ionns, either personal or real. It
is not considered discreditable or dishonest. His
property is pledged, to be sure, and his cirdit is
pledged. I presume the same rule applies to the
case of a State as of individuals: that a man, ora
.State, who has borrowed money upon its general
ciedit, ol* his general ciedit, may, if necessary,
pledge a specific portion of its or his general
estate in oider to raise more money, if needful.
Now, I am free to say, I doubted whether this
was expedient in the present case; I doubtful
whether it was necessary. I did not bind myself
to support it. I saw the difficulty suggested by
my friend from Rhode Island. It was very pos-
sible people might raise an objection to it with
reference to this anticipated homestead bill, and
all that. It is easily explained, however, and I
have prepared an amendment, which I proposed
to offer at one period, that nothing herein con-
tained should be construed to affect the right of
the Government to dispose of its public lands to
actual settlers as it might see fit; but after all that
is matter of form. The thing is substantially so
now. No amendment of that kind would change
the legal effect. We set aside the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands to redeem these notes.
The policy of this Government is perfectly well
understood; all the world knows it; and that
policy is to give away a* certain portion of its
public lands for the purpose, if you please, of
raising the value of the lest. Wc are not break-
ing faith, then, in reference to the matter; and if
this proposition would, as many think, have an
effect to increase the facility of getting money oil
these notes, so far it is well.
Then, sir, there is another matter; and that is
the proposition of the committee to reduce the
denomination of the notes. I was in favor of
reducing it to twenty dollars, and I am yet; but
still I think it may operate at fifty dollars
With regard to the third provision, to put up a
portion of this loan, if you call it a loan, to auc-
tion at such a rate of interest as you can sell it
for at par, I did have great doubts whether it was
necessary, and if it was not necessary 1 would
not do it. 1 have those doubts stiil. The ma-
joiity, however, overruled me in that particular,
and I see no very great objection to it. Itis.un-
deniable that we have money to raise at a certain
period, very near, in order to preserve the public
crcdit, winch must be done at all events; butit is
doubtful, or it may be doubtful, perhaps—that
will depend upon contingencies—whether we can
meet it; and if we allow a certain portion, enough
to meet it, to be placed before the public pre-
cisely in that light, it was believed that that
would save all question on that score. That was
the view of the committee. That sum is but
$3,000,000—a small sum—and the interest on
which is not worth talking about. But I take it
that, without reference to ideas merely, we must,
as practical men, deed with a practical subject. I
differed from the majority of tiie commtttec in
some of these details; I tlo now; but, really, as
it is a mere matter of common sense applied to a
common and ordinary thing, 1 do not see difficul-
ties enough about it to justify the opposition that :
has been exhibited in the Chamber, on this side;
although my friend from Rhode Island, who has
made the opposition, knows very much more
about money matters than I do.
Mr. SEWARD. I am quite content, sir, with
all the amendments which are proposed by the
Committee on Finance;although I agree with the
honorable Senator from Maine, that it would
have been better to reduce the denomination of
these notes to twenty dollars. Heretofore I have
resisted the issuing of Treasury notes of the lower
denominations. That was at a time when the
market was entirely at ease, when the banks
were going on in their ordinary operations, and
the issuing of those notes might have interfered
with the prosperous business of banking; but the
issuing of notes of so small a denomination as
fifty dollars, or even twenty dollars, would, I
think, now be a sensible relief to the money
market, and in aid of the banks throughout the
country, who arc unable to supply paper in this
mere temporary emergency.
In regard to the provision pledging the avails
of the public lands, it strikes me as eminently
right and proper. I do not think that the credit
of an individual is any the worse if, when he finds
it necessary to borrow money, he hypothecates a
security which lie has. I take it that it rather
shows a plain, frank, honest borrower; and if he
has specific securities, he may succeed in-getting
money cheaper than he would if he withheld them,
and stpod upon his general character. Cut really
it amounts to nothing, for Congress still reserves
the entire disposition of the public lanUs accord-
ing to the Constitution, although it shall give
this pledge of the avails which shall be received
into the Treasury. Congress makes no specific
pledge of these avails for the redemption of the
notes till the avails from that source come in; and
now those avails, with all the other resources of
the country, arc already pledged as effectually
without this provision as with it.
Nor do I see that there is anything unusual or
peculiar in the transaction. I know that there is
no State in the Union whose credit 1ms generally
been better than the State of New York, We
have never been too proud, and have never felt
ourselves too rich, to pledge the revenues derived
from our canals (our chief source of revenue, in-
dependent of taxation) for loans which were made
to be expended in the prosecution of our system
of internal improvements. And wc go so far as
not only to pledge them by law, but they have
been, from the beginning of our system of inter-
nal improvements, in the year 1817, until this year
1860, perpetually pledged to the public crcdit. In
times of gloom like these, it has been a source of
confidence and strength; and has enabled us to
pay our interestand redeem our stocks falling due
in times when all the banks of the country had
suspended specie payments, and even the Gov-
ernment of the United States had suspended specie
payments. It seems to me a very legitimate way;
and really what is new to the country, what is
especially important, is that this Government
should be lifted up and placed upon a sound basis
of crcdit; and as this is a mere temporary measure
and a partial one, I trustthat before long the Sen-
ate will take up the question of the revenue, which
has been submitted to them by the House of Rep-
resentatives, and will provide for replenishing the
Treasury in a substantial and permanent way.
Mr. SIMMONS. Air. President, since I com-
menced my present term in the Senate, we have
passed two or three loan bills, and several Treas-
ury note bills. Wc passed a Treasury note bill
at the first month of the session of 1857-58,
when there was greater commercial distress than
I ever knew in the country. We then made no
specific pledges, and yet we got the money wc
wanted at a less rate of interest than six per cent.,
and at a time, too, when I doubt if any stocks on
the liht were quoted as high as they are to-day.
I know that there was more distress in the money
market m 1857 than there is at this time. Aiy
objection is to going out of the regular beaten
track. It looks as if we were alarmed ourselves
for the credit of the Government. In 1857, the
Secretary of the Treasury, in the midst of the
greatest pressure that ever was known, issued a
proposition to sell some eight or ten million dol-
lars of Treasury notes, and they sold at par, and I
think bore a less rate of interest than five percent.
Now, I should like to know what reason there
