1881.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1020
uon of the same at any time after the expiration of twenty
years trom t!ie said 1st day of July next.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the third section.
That section of the bill reads as follows:
That before awarding said loan, the Secretary of the
Tir^uiy shall cause to be inserted in two of the public
newspapers oi the city of Washington, and in one or more
puMic newspapers in other cities of the United States,
public notice that beaied proposals for such loan will be
icoeived, &c.
The amendment proposes to alter the section so
as to make it read:
That befoie awarding anyof said loan, the Secretary of
the Treasury shall, as the exigencies of the public service
require, cause to be insoited in two of the public newspa-
per of the city of Washington, and in one 01 moie public
newspapers in other cities of the United States, public no-
tice that sealed piopo^als for so much of said loan as is
required, will be received, &c.
Mr. HUNTER. - What is the effect of this
lastamendment? 1 should like to know. I thought
the Senator was through with his amendments
long since.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is that they shall adver-
tise for so much of this loan as the public exigen-
cies require, instead of the whole of it.
Mr. BIGLER. It is simply a provision that
they shall advertise for a part and not the whole
ofit. *
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to alter the proviso
to the fifth section, in these words, uProvided,
That no stock shall be disposed of at less than its
par value;" so as to make it read:
Pi.ivided. That not more than $5,000,000 of said stock
fch.ill bo disposed of at one time.
Mr. HUNTER. Is the effect of this amend-
ment to permit them to dispose of the stock at
{ess than its par value ?
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought the amendment
introduced this morning was to enable them to
substitute Treasury notes in order to prevent that,
because, if they can do both, then I nm unwilling
to agree to it; but I thought it very fair to allow
them, if they cannot get the stock off at par, to
issue these Treasury notes. I have no doubt
they could get them off on more easy terms; but
to say they may do either, that they may sell the
stock, no matter how low, 1 think is wrong.
They are sufficiently protected by the Treasury
note amendment. I would not add to it this dis-
cretion to sell the Government stock at anything
the Secretary chooses.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose the Senator would
prefer, if 99 were offered for this stock, to take it
rather than issue Treasury notes.
Mr. HUNTER. That is an extreme case. I
would not prefer to allow the Secretary to take
09 or 59. I think it is sufficiently protected by
allowing him to issue Treasury notes instead of
this loan, and 1 am unwilling to give him unlim-
ited discretion on the subject.
Mr. SIMMONS. How much would the Sen-
ator be willing to limit it at ?
Mr HUNTER. 1 think the substitution of
Ti'vsury notes is sufficient. I think he ought to
be inquired to put out the stock at par; or, if he
cannot do thai, to issue Treasury notes. I would
rather issue Treasury notes than sell stock under
par.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that there are no further amendments
from the select committee.
Mr. WILSON- I propose to amend the fif-
teenth section, m the ninth line, by inserting after
the word u ton5' these words, " on jute butts, $5
per ton." 1 wish to explain this amendment.
J ute butts are worth about half the value of jute.
The ordinary jute is from four to six feet in length.
These butts are some six or eight inches, and are
used generally to make paper; and are less than
half, or about, the value of jute. If the duty was
fixed at the same rate, or at an ad valorem rate, or
taxed according to what they are really worth,
they would be imported into the country for the
purpose of making paper chiefly and mainly. I
therefore move this amendment for the purpose
of increasing their importation into the country.
\ think it will add to the revenue of the country.
Mr. BiGLER. That is right.
Mr. POLK. Is that article used for cordage
at all r
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; jute is used for the
purpose of making gunny-bags. The ordinary
jute is from four to six feet in length. These are"
the butts, which are from six to eight or nine
inches in length, which are'brought into the coun-
try to make paper, and are of about half the value
of the jute itself. If the duty is put at a reason-
able rate, it will be brought into the country largely
for those purposes; and I think it will increase
the revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLK. I move to strike out the thirty-
first section of the bill. It is the section that pro-
vides for a drawback on this unmanufactured
hemp, which, by a preceding section—the one to
which I offered an amendment some time ago—
pays §35 a ton. By this section, when that hemp
is manufactured and exported, there is a draw-
back on it, less 10 per-cent. This will not inter-
fere therefore with the interests spoken of by the
Senator from Maine; for while the duty is put on
the cordagc that may be used in Maine, manu-
factured out of this imported hemp, and on all
the cordage used in this country, it is taken off
where the cordage is manufactured and exported
to foreign countries, so that it is a duty intended
exclusively for the benefit of the manufacturers.
The Secretary read the section proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
" Sec. 31. Jlndbe it farther cnactcd, Thatfromand after
the day and year aforesaid, there shall be allowed a draw-
back on foreign hemp manufactured into cordage in the
United States, an15 exported therefrom, equal in amount to
the duty paid on the foreign hemp from which ir shall be
manufactured, to be ascertained under such regulations as
shall be prescribed by the Secictary of the Treasurj, and
no more: Provided, That 10 per centum on the amount of
all thawbacks so allowed shall be retained ioi the use of
the United States, by the collectors paying such draw-
backs icspectively."
Mr. BIGLER. If this section is carricd out
properly, it is one of the soundest in principle that
there is in the bill, or that there is in any similar
system. It is simply this: the raw material is
allowed to come into the, country to be manufac-
tured, and a drawback given when it is exported.
If Russian hemp is brought into the United States,
manufactured, and exported, who is injured?
What interest can possibly suffer by it ? It is giv-
ing your own citizens a productive labor. It is
based upon the most universally-admitted prin-
ciples of political economy, those taught by Say
and Smith. I do not know that it is liable to
abuse. If it is abused, that is one thing; but in
itself it is right. The Senator will discover the
same provision in reference to old iron. Provis-
ion is made by which old iron is allowed to come
m and be manufactured and exported without
duty.
Mr. POLK. I think it is a thing that is very
much liable to abuse. There is the difficulty
about it. It is liable to extensive and almost un-
limited abuse. It will operate as a fraud on the
Treasury. The Senator from Pennsylvania says
the same principle is carricd out in regard to old
iron. But that is confined to one kind of old iron
only. I apprehend that the Senator would not
like to extend it to all kinds of iron that may be
imported into the, country, and then manufac-
tured and reexported. This bill does not give
any such latitude of application to iron, at alt. It
merely provides that railroad iron, a particular
kind of old iron, whim it is remanufactured, may
be sent out of the country, and a drawback to the
amount of the duties may be paid. That is true
in regard to the iron interest; but when it comes
to hemp, it is extended to all the Russian hemp,
to all the unmanufactured hemp.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not suppose there are
a hundred pounds of Russian hemp reexported
m a year. There is some Manilla hemp made
into cordage for the running rigging of vessels;
that is made better in this country than in any
other part of the world; and if we had a draw-
back on it, we could supply almost all nations.
It is the running rigging of vessels that this sec-
tion is intended for; and we retain 10 per cent, of
the duties when it is reexported.
Mr. POLK called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered: and being taken, resulted—
yeas 11, nays 20; as follows:
YEAtf—Mr-s:-. Brags, Pitch, Croon, Hemphill, Hunter,
Johns™ of Aikans-.as, Lane, N;cholson, Polk, Powell, and
Wigtail—Ji.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Binghatn, Came) on,
Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessemlen,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, King, jUuham, Mor-
rill, Seward, Simmons, Sunifier, Ten Eyck, TrumbaU, „
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—45.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I propose as an amendment
an additional section to the bill:
And be it further enacted, That when goods im ported from
a foreign country are sent to bonded stores or public stores
by order of tile collector., and it shall appear by a notice
sent by the master, owner, or consignee of Ihe vessel in
which the goods were imported to the keeper of said
bonded stores or public stores that the freight and charges
have not been paid, it shall be lawful for said keeper of
said stores to detain said goods for five days after the re-
ceipt of permit, and it shall be lawful for said master,
owner, or consignee to take legal proceedings against said
goods within said five days, to secure the payment of
freight and charges; and if, by action of the collector, said
goods shall be sold after the duties and storage shall have
been paid, out of such proceeds the freight and charges,
with interest thereon, shall be paid out of the residue of
such proceeds, unless the same snail have been previously
paid to the party entitled to receive the same.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that proposes
to secure the ship-owner; but what is the " res-
idue" to be sold for? I understand that portion
which is to secure the ship-owner; but the amend-
ment speaks of the residue being sold, I believe.
Mr. WILSON. " If sold by order of the col-
lector."
Several Senators. " If sold?"
Mr. HUNTER. If sold under existing laws ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN? It is all right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I have u few small amend-
ments that I should like to propose. On page 12,
section seven, line one hundred and seven, after
the word " on," I move to insert " skates cost-
ing 20 cents or less per pair,. f> cents per pair; on
those costing over 20 cents per pair, 30 per centum
ad valorem." This makes no difference in the
existing law except as to skates costing 20 cents
or less. There is 30 per cent.; but in consequence
of the fraudulent invoices, a great many are in-
voiced at a low rate, so that they really pay no
duty, or one of no consequence. The amendment
is only to put a specific duty on those costing 20
cents or less, which is about the same duty as on
those above.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. On page 22; section thirteen,
line one hundred and two, after the word " val-
orem," I move to insert " on bunting." I do not
think, myself, that this will make any alteration
in the bill at all; but there is a little ambiguity as
it stands, and that article might, by one construc-
tion, fall under the 25 per cent, duty, instead of
the 30. My object is to put it where I think the
bill nowputs it,at30. This, I would say,is what
our national flag is always made of, and, at the
present time, it is imported entirely from foreign
countries; there is not a yard of it made in this
country. If we fight a foreign nation, we have to
fight them under a flag which they make for us;
or, at all events, we are quite liable to fight a na-
tion to which we are indebted for the flag under
which we fight.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. On page 2G, section sixteen,
line sixteen, after the word " buttons," I move
to insert " button cloths." That is in the 30 per
cent. list.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. On the motion of the Senator
from Rhode Island, the other day, from section
nineteen, line eighty-six, page 32, certain articles,
"saddlery, coach, and harness, "and "hard ware,"
were transferred from that section to the twen-
tieth section, I think, after line twenty-five, on page
37. I move that that clause which reads thus:
" Saddlery, coach, and harness hardware, silver-
plated, brass, brass-plated," &c., be transferred
to page 41, at the beginning of line fifty-one, so
as to come in the 30 per cent, schedule.
Mr. BIGLER. Does the Senator from Con-
necticut propose to transfer the cheap kinds of
saddlery, the burnished and tinned, as well as
the silver-Dlated ?
Mr. FOSTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BIGLER. I think the ordinary article
ought to remain in the 20 per cent.
Mr. FOSTER. The ordinary saddlery to which
I allude, and to which the Senator alludes, is made
of wire, manufactured probably m Pennsylvania,
but not at the East, on which, by this bill, there
is a duty levied of about 40 per cent. It is raised
