to
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
to the payment and redemption of the debt. The
words which I propose to add arc:
But nothing heroin contained shall be held to affect tlie
right oi Congiess to dispose of said land-; to actual settle is,
and for other purposes, on sucli terms and conditions as it
may deem to be advisable.
Mr. President, it is said that the amendment
which has been inserted, without the amendment
to it which I now propose, would not affect the
power of Congress to grant lands under the pro-
visions of the homestead bill; but I fear it would
have that effect, for I do not see how, after pledg-
ing all the public land for the redemption of this
debt, we could make donations of land for other
purposes, and thus prevent its being applied ac-
cording to the pledge of Congress.
It seems to me that this cuts up the homestead
policy by the roots. I would also say to those
who are favorable to the Pacific railroad, that we
may want a grant of lands for that object; and it
seems to me, if we pledge all our lands specifi-
cally for the redemption of this debt, it would not
be good faith to the creditor to apply them or
their proceeds to other purposes. If this pro-
vision made no actual difference as to our power,
it would seem to make a difference, and it would
seem to me not exactly to be good faith to the
creditor to hold this inducement out to him,and
then to pass away the substratum on which he
had advanced his money, by so disposing of the
lands that 110 proceeds would ever come for the
redemption of the debt. I hope, therefore, that
all wlw sympathize with the homestead policy,
and all who believe we ought to keep these lands
in such a condition that we may apply them to
the construction of the Pacific railroad, or for
other purposes to which Congress may see fit to
appropriate them, will vote to retain our power
over them.
Now, sir, for myself, I am utterly opposed to
holding our lands or disposing of any of them
any longer for revenue, i would have them all
withdrawn for other purposes entirely, and I
have no fear that the credit of this Government
would suffer, even if the lands were never pledged
to aid it. 1 have no doubt or question but that
those who wish to loan money have faith enough
in the ability of this Government to redeem nil its
debts without pledging anything but its honor
for their redemption.
Mr.CLlNGM A.N. I understand that the Sen-
ator is averse to our using the public land to pay
our debts, he preferring that it shall be given
away under the provisions of the homestead bill.
It stiuek me. as so extraordinary a position, that
when it was admitted the Government was in
straightened circumstances and its credit was low,
any gentleman should object to paying its debts
with its own property, because he preferred giv-
ing it away, that 1 began to cast about,^in my
own mind, to find on what principle the Senator
from Ohio was acting. The only argument or
instance or precedent that I can find to support
his views, is the declaration of Mark Antony,
when lie was at the end of his career, that he had
lost all oxcc|it what he had given away. I sup-
pose the honorable Senator wishes to lie able to
say, if disaster should fall upon the Government,
that at any rate it has saved what it gave away;
and, therefore, instead of paying our debts with
the public property, he wishes to distribute it to
whoever wants it.
Mr? HUNTER. I said when the original
amendment was pending what I now repeat, that
I do not, think its adoption affects or alters at all
the power of Congress in regard to the disposi-
tion of the public lands: that is to say, although
their power is just the same under the amend-
ment as it would have been without a general
pledge, I believe that if the lands are pledged gen-
erally, and the revenues tire pledged geneially,
and the Government has credit and can pay its
debts, it can dispose of the public lands in any
way it chooses. I believe that to be so without
this provision, and without a general pledge, and
even withoutany pledge; but at a time when credit
is low, and it is doubtful ill regard to the payment
of debts—if there be any doubt about it—that is a
good argument against making any other dispo-
sition of the public land than using them to pay
debts. I believe that is agood argument, whether
this amendment is adopted or not. It is agood
argument, whether there is any general pledge
specified in the bill or not, because it is implied
when a man goes in debt that he pledges all his |
effects to pay it. Therefore I think this amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio ought not to be
adopted, because I cannot say, without this amend-
ment, that it is not a consideration with us to pre-
serve the public property, in order to apply it to
the public debt. I think things have got to that
pass that we should consider all these means of
securing the public credit and of strengthening it.
I shall not vote for the amendment; but the adop-
tion of the amendment will not make me vote
against the bill. I think it is surplusage. If I
have an objection, it js, that it is denying what I
think is a fair argument, and would be a fair ar-
gument without this amendment—not that this
amendment alters the power of the Government
to dispose of the public lands any more than the
original obligation.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Ohio says that
this is a pledge of the public lands. In that he is
surely mistaken. The provision, as it has been
incorporated in the bill, docs not pledge an acre
of the public lands. They are in no way pledged
to the payment of these notes atall. It is merely
provided that the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lie lands shall be applied to the redemption of the
notes; and if no lands are sold, there is no fund
pledged for the payment of the notes, and Con-
gress can make any disposition of the public lands
precisely the same as if this provision was not in
the bill. If those proceeds only amount to $100,000,
the money isto take that direction. If tlieyamount
to $2,000,000, it is to take that direction. If it
amounts to nothing, there is nothing to get. There
is no pledge atall of the lands, and therefore the
Government has power to dispose of the lands as
it may see fit, without violating any faith pledged
in this bill.
Mr. WADE. I do not wish to take up time on
this subject; but if we say on the face of our bill
to a creditor who is about to loan money to the
Government, that the proceeds of our public lands
shall be pledged for the redemption of his debt, [
do not really see how or why we can in good
faith dispose of those lands for other purposes, so
that no proceeds can mine from tliem. So it strikes
me; and I should not suppose that would be fair
dealing with the creditor, unless it was the fact,
the undoubted fact, that this Government was able
to redeem all its debts without any pledge of the
public lands. I suppose it would weigh very little
in the mind of the public creditor; but neverthe-
less, if it is-necessaiy, in order to induce him to
loan money to the Government, to make this
pledge, it strikes me we should make no other
disposition of the lands while it is outstanding.
We should not diminish the proceeds of the pub-
lie, lands that are pledged for this purpose. So it
strikes me, but I shall not consume time; I only
ask that the yeas and nays may be taken upon
this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 27; as follows:
YEAH—Messrs. Atitliony, Baker, llin^ham, C.un' ion,
Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doolittlc, Douglas, Duikee, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hamlin, Harlan, Johnson
of Tennessee, King, Latham, Itiee, Scwaid, Simmons,
^iimuei, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wilson—28
ivAYS—Messrs. ISavaul, Bigler, lira;?, Clinginan. Col-
lamer, Ciitt.nden, Davis, Fiteli.Fitzpaliick, Oiecn, Gwin,
Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of" Arkansas, Kenne-
dy, Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Fearee, Folk, Powell, Sauls-
bury, Sebastian, £lidcll, Thomson, and Wigfall—27.
So .the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring m the first amendment made by
the Committee of the Whole, which was, in sec-
tion one, line seven, to strikeout "one hundred,"
and insert'• fifty.''
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose the next question
is on concurring in the amendment which has
just been amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to have it read,
as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole, as it has now been amended.
The Secretary lead it, as follows:
At the end of the second section, inseit:
And tile pioeecds of the sales oi flic public lands shall
be specifically pledged and set apart to redeem the .said
notes atpar; hut nothing herein contained shall be heldto
affect the right ot Congress to dispose of said lands to ac-
tual settlers, and for other purposes, on such terms and
conditions as it may deem to be advisable.
Mr. HUNTER. I must confess that as the
Senate has amended the amendment, I do not like
it. As it was originally, it did not interfere with
the disposition of the public lands; buttovotc for
the amendment as amended, implies some assent
to the homestead policy, as it seems to me. 1 am
not willing to do that. I am willing to leave it an
open question. The amendment as I offered it,
did not pledge the lands, but only the proceeds.
I am not disposed to agree to the amendment, as
amended.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the yeas and nays will
be taken on the amendment as amended, and I
trust it will be stricken out. We had better take
the bill as it came from the House of Represent-
atives in that respect. It will facilitate legislation
a great deal more, and hasten the issuing of these
Treasury notes. I would rather not amend the
bill at all in this respect; and I call for the_ yeaa
and nays on the question of concurring in the
amendment, as amended.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say,
that I doubted very much whether it was advis-
able in the first place to put in this pledge of the
public lands; but I yielded to it in committee.
Now, however, inasmuch as the chairman thinks
he would rather have it out in the present state of
things, I shall continue to vote with him.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to say one word
in explanation of the vote I propose to give. I
consider that the amendment making this pledge,
as it now stands amended, pledging the proceeds
of the public lands, provided, nevertheless, Con-
gress may be at liberty to dispose of those lands
for any purpose they think proper, is and amounts
to no pledge at all; and gentlemen around me an-
nounce that that was the motive and purpose for
which the amendment" was made. Then, if it
means nothing at all, it should not be kept in.
There is an insincerity in it tp which I do not
choose to be a party. Therefore, viewing it as
no pledge, and as intended to destroy any pledge,
I shall vote against the amendment being there
at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that is the gen-
eral feeling everywhere, that the amendment, as
amended,'had best be stricken out; and if the Sen-
ator from California will allow the vote to be
taken, it will be stricken out without any yeas and
navs about it. Nobody is for it that I know of.
Mr. GWIN. Very well. I am willing to with-
draw the call for the yeas and liays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no
objection, the call may be withdrawn. ["Agreed."]
The question is on concurring in the amendment
made in Committee of the Whole, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was not con-
curred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was from line nine of section four, after
the word " President," to strike out:
'• To borrow, from time to time, on the best terms pro-
posed, such sums of motley, upon the credit of the notes
authorized by tins act, as he may deem expedient, after
having given public notice of at least ten dajs of the sum
or smiis required, and inviting pioposals therefoi in news-
papeis published m the cities ot Washington and New
Voik."
And to insert, in lieu thereof, the following:
To issue so many of the notes heieby authorized to lie
issued as may amount to a sain not exceeding §3,000,(100,
at such rate ot interest as may be offeied by the lowest re-
sponsible bidder or bidder--, who may agree to take the said
notes at par after public advertisement of hot less than ten
days in such papeis as the President may dueet; the said
advertisement to propose to issue such notes at p ir to those
who may offer to take the same at the lotvesr rate of inter-
est; but m deciding upon those bidj, no fiaelion shall lie
considered which may be less than one iouith per centum
per annum.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I will now
renew my motion, made some time ago, to strike
out the words "three million," so as to let the
whole sum be subject to such price as may be
S°Mr. HUNTER. I think it would be safest to
adhere to the amendment of the committee. Let
us try these three million first. We shall soon
know how it will work, and then we can tell
whether we can carry it further. Let us take
what we can carry, and not attempt to go any
further.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no desire to inter-
