1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
fere with the views of the chairman. My own
judgment is different; but I give way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary,
will report the. amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania to the amendment of the
Committee on Finance.
The Secretary read the amendment to strike out
the words " three million," and insert "ten mil-
lion;" so that it will read: *
To issue so many of the notes hereby authorized to be
issued as mayamou.it to a sum not exceeding $10,000,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on that amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not the question on the
amendment reported by the Committee on Fi-
nance ?
Mr. PEARCE. I understand this is an amend*
mentto theamendmentas reported by the Finance
Committee. The Finance Committee limits this
procedure to $3,000,000. The amendment, I un-
derstand, g;ocs to the whole amount.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that to be with-
drawn.
Mr.PEARCE. Itisnot withdrawn. The vote
was about being taken on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Pennsylvania to insist
on his amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand him to with-
draw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the motion of the Sen-
atoi from Pennsylvania to strikeout" §3,000,000"
and insert "$10,000,000?"
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the Senator to
withdraw that amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. I did. I withdrew it for
the purpose of giving up my views to the views
of the chairman of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not so understand the Senator. The Senator is
so remote from the Chair that he did not hear
him.
The amendment was concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. YULEE subsequently said: I desire to
make a motion to reconsider the bill passed a few
moments ago, authorizing the issue of Treasury
notes.
Thc^PRESIDING OFFICER. That mot#n
will be entered.
THE STATE OF TILE UNION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, as.modified by Mr. Powell
on the 10th instant:
Resolved, That po much of the President's message as
relate to the present agitated and distiacted condition of
tin' country arid the grievances between the slaveholding
and ihe nori-slavelmiding States, be referred to a special
committee of thirteen members; and that said committee
be instructed to mqune into the piesent condition of the
countij, and lepoit by bill or otherwise.
Mr.WIGFALL. Mr. President, last week the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,] moved,
doubtless, by patriotic intentions, introduced a
resolution to have so much of the President's mes-
sage as related to the present distracted condition
of the country referred to a committee of thirteen.
That resolution came up regularly for discussion
on Monday, and was debated yesterday also.
During the discussion yesterday, the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Douglas] was indulging in some
patriotic platitudes upon the subject of saving the
Union; and 1 understood him to say that he was
prepared to make any effort in his power to ac-
complish that very desirable object. He congrat-
ulated the Senate upon the fact that we were going
into details, and asked for specifications as to the
wrongs, or imagined wrongs, under which the
southern States were suffering1, or supposed them-
selves to be suffering; and, as I understood, pledged
himself that, when our grievances were made
known, he would be ready to redress them, as far,
of course, as lay m his power. Under this state of
things, I stated to him that one of the grievances
under which the southern States supposed they
were suffering was, that this Government denied
that slaves were propei ty, and, upon that denial,
refused to protect the owneisof slaves m their
title whenever they were within the Federal juris-
diction. I asked him the plain question as to
whether he was prepared to give us assurance that
our property would be protected when within the
Federal jurisdiction. I did not get a direct an-
swer, and 1 suppose I shall not. He answered,
first, that if we desired protection, we should in-
troduce a bill, and that I would learn by his vote,
which would then be recorded, "whether he was
ready to afford that protection or not. He then
proceeded to charge upon me personally > and upon
Senators from the South, that during the last ses-
sion of Congress we had, by our votes, repudi-
ated this very doctrine—the right of protection.
I took issue with him upon that fact, and asked
to be tried by the record. Ho failed to produce
it. He attempted to do so. He mistook a reso-
lution which was introduced by the Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] for a resolution
that was introduced by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Davis.] I then stated my motives
for voting against the resolution offered by the
Senator from North Carolina. A resolution was
then referred to by him, which was introduced by
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.] I
denied again that I was committed to any such
doctrincas he had attributed to me. I again asked
for the record. Ho replied, that at the time the
debate took place, he was sick; that he might
have been misled by the newspapers; and that he
would this morning bring in the record. Now,
sir, I undertake to prove the negative; and 1 shall
proceed to do so very briefly, because it is a mat-
ter of very little concern whether I have been
consistent or not.
The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] in-
troduced, among others of a rics of resolutions,
the following:
'* Resolved, That neither Congress, nor a Territorial Le-
gislature, whether by direct legislation or legislation ot an
indirect and unluendly ehaiactcr, possess power to annul
or impair the constitutional light of any citizen of the
United States to take his slave property into the common
Temtorics, and there hold and enjoy the sajnc while the
temtona! condition lemains."
Mr. Clingman introduced the following reso-
lution:
"That the existing condition of tlio Territories of the
United States docs noiuquiru the intervention of Congress
for the protection of pioporty in slaves."
Mr. Brown, of Mississippi,moved to strike out
the word "not." Mr. Crittenden said:
" Jt seems to me that that presents a matter of'fact for
the decision of the Senate, whether the existing condition
of the Tcnitories does now demand any interposition of
congressional authority. I do not know that it does. I do
not know that it does hot."
Mr. Davis said:
The question presented is a mere question of fact. The
ics-olutiouson winch the Senate aie voting aie declarations
of principle. As to the question of fact,"I should concur
moie with my colleague ; and if i had to vote for either
pioposition, should vote foi his declaiation, because I
rattier think the necessity does exist; but that is au opinion
which I am not prepaied now to declare as a tact. Neither
is it true that I have ever refused to vote for the bill which
the Senator, my colleague, introduced." * * * *
" The bill has never been before the Senate for an expres-
sion of opinion."
Mr. Green said:
" There is one other reason why this question of tact
ought not now to be consideicd and voted on, and that is
this : there is no Senator here who can say that the Con-
stitution and the laws and the remedies piovided by the
laws at present, aie not adequate to protect every consti-
tutional right in the Territoues. 1 know myself, so far as
the slave question is concerned, that a leplevm has been
biought in the Territory of Kansas, which is now pending
m the court,"
Mr. Bicler said:
" Before the vote is taken, I desire to eav that I shall
vote against the amendment, and against the original prop-
osition of the Senatortiom North Carolina. Wc^e I obliged
to meet the issue of fact, J should say that there is no ne-
cessity at this time for interference.'5
Mr. Benjamin suggested that the difficulty
could be removed by voting against both the res-
olution introduced by the Senator from North
Carolina and the amendment of Mr. Brown.
Mr. Wicfall said:
u I shall vote against both resolutions, and for the reason
the Senator from Louisiana has given ; and m that way 1
think we shall have acoomph-hed everything we can do
by laving the resolution on the table. As has been ob*
seived by one of the Senatoi I believe the'Senatoi from
Mi^siv.ippi, [Mr. Davis.] it id utterly ineongiuou*, it is
unheard of, that in nscrie-s uf resolution •> setting lorth prin-
ciple*. a question of fact should be brought up here to be
voted lot. Iti.; an entne 7ion seqvihtr ol the Senatorfioin
Ohio, that becau-e \\c do object to voting upon questions
of tact, n show?- any intention to commit aa act ot duplic-
ity oi any disposition to waver or talter on our pan, in
oat rung out. whenevei it is piopci.in oui opinion, the
principles which no hcie avow.
Now, mi, the resolution^ avow the doctiine that it is the
duty of Congress to protect property of all kinds, wherever
it is under its jurisdiction, when the necessity shall arise.
I do not know whether the necessity now arises, i say I
am ready, by actual legislation, whenever tbc necessity,in
my opinion, does arise, to carry these lesolutions into
effect; but I am not now prepared, for f believe the Covode
committee has not yet ascertained the fact as to the con-
dition of the legislation of Kansas precisely at this time.
Doubtless before the end of the session they wilj furnish us
the information. If they do not, we may, at some subse-
quent time, obtain the inlormat.on. When i am satisfied _
eithei that the Territoiial Legislature has passed acts that
are unconstitutional, or that the courts have failed and re-
fused to render adequate redress, or that the courts are pot
competent to do it, I shall be prepared to vote for actual
legislation."
Now, sir, the complaint which X stated yester-
day on the part of the slaveholding States, was
not that there had been no legislation,but it was,
that the Senator from Illinois, and those whom he
represents, deny our right to legislation. That is
the grievance. That was the question which I
wanted answered. When we say that there is a
necessity for legislation, when our property has
been confiscated in Territories that belong to the
slaveholding States'as well as to the non-slave-
holding States, will he interpose by the legislative,
by the executive and judicial departments of the
Federal Government, to protect that specics of
property, as well as every other species of prop-
erty? There is the plain, naked proposition, a
question which can be understood by any one;
but which, I say in all candor, I do not expect
to be answered directly andplainly by him. lask
the Senator now, will he propose amendments to
the Constitution; will he vote in ihis body for
amendments to the Constitution; will he pledge
himself, in good faith, to go back to the people of
Illinois, and urge before them the ratification of
those amendments to the Constitution, not only
vesting in the Federal Government the power, but
also makingit its imperative duty, to protect slave
property, as it is its duty to protect every other
species of property ? If he will do that, then there
wiH be one of the difficulties to a reconciliation
removed.
But he answeis mc, that I am mistaken; there
is no excitement upon the subject at the South;
we have never complained; the people are not
dissatisfied. He tells us that there arc two ex-
tremes in this country. The people of the far East
and those who live down upon the Gulf misun-
derstand this question entirely, and the people of
Kentucky and of Illinois understand it all, and
he, and some gentleman, I do not know who,
from Missouri, who happened to be in theCham-
ber, could, if they were appointed a committee,
settle this whole difficulty in the course of a very
few minutes. Now, sir,l say to the Senator,that
neither he nor any friend of his in Missouri can
settle this question. The people of these States
can settle it; or, to make my self undet stood, these
States can settle it. They can settle it, and they
only can settle it. They made the Constitution.
They provided in that Constitution for its amend-
ment. The States who are parties to the compact
can alter that compact. They can concede to this
Federal Government powers which this Federal
Government docs not now possess. They can
take from this Federal Governmentpowers which
it does now possess. If these States, then, desire
to have a new understanding of the bargain, and
can agree upon the terms, this Union can be saved;
but this Union ts not to be saved by flattering,
either upon the floor of this Senate or upon the
stump. You cannot save this Union by singing
hosannas to it. You cannot save this union by
making 4lh of July speeches. Whipped syllabub
is not the remedy for the patient. You have got
to come down to your work, and you have got to
do something practical.
The Senator charged further, that by voting
against Mr. Brown's resolution,! and other Sen-
ators upon this side were committed against the
doctrine for which I said the South is contending.
Now, sir, the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Davis] introduced another resolution, which was
in these words:
"Resolved, That if experience should at any time prove
that tho judicial and executive authority do not possess
mean* to insuie adequate piotection to constitutional right3
in a Territory, and if the territorial government should fail
or refuse to provide the necessary remedies for that pur-
j po^c, it will he the duty of Congress to supply sueli defi-
ciency.,?
That resolution I voted fqr. The other Sena-
tor from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] introduced, as
a substitute for that resolution, the following:
" That experience having already shown that the Con-
