1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DAWES. What is that?
Mr. BRANCH. " AH such expenses as have
oeen incurred by or under the order of the com-
mittee.
Mr. DAWES. It is designed to extend further
than that, and to pay the expenses of witnesses
who were called before the committee, and who
were called before commissioners in the country.
That is all.
Mr. BRANCH. With that statement from the*
gentleman, I will make no objection to the reso-
lution.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
whiehtheresoiutionwas adopted;and also moved
• to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE MILITIA.
Mr. CURTIS. I must now insist on the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill reported yes-
terday from the Committee on Military Affairs
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton*,]
supplementary to several acts now in force to
provide fot calling forth the militia to exccute the
laws of the Union, to suppress insurrection, and
repel invasion.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, I feel that it
is due to the House that I should say a word or
two about the object of the committee in report-
ing the bill, as 1 find that there is much miscon-
ception and misapprehension in regard to it. It
seems to be supposed that we contemplate by this
bill to raise an army to march into the seceding
States of the Confederacy and subjugate them.
Now, I wish to call the attention of the House
for a moment to the law which the bill proposes
to amend, so as to show the necessity for sonic
legislation. The law of 1795 provides in the first
section for authorizing the President to call out
the militia to suppress insurrection in any State
against the authority of the State. The second
section provides for calling out the militia for the
purpose of aiding in the execution of the laws,
where they are resisted by combinations too pow-
erful to be overcome by the ordinary civil pro-
cesses and by the civil officers. In my judgment,
that law covers the case of an insurrection against
the authority of the United States, and authorizes
the calling out of the militia for the purpose of
putting down an insurrection against the author-
ity of the United States. But I find that the late
Attorney General, Mr. Black, has expressed a
different opinion to the President of the United
States, of this section of the law, and holds th.it
it only authorizes the Piesident to call out the
militia to aid the officer of the court—the marshal
—in the execution of process directed to him, and
to overcome combinations against the execution
of some paiticular law, and does not authorize
the calling out of the militia for the purpose of
putting down ageneial insurrection against the
authority of the United States. In my judgment,
the law was intended to go that far; but in order
to remove doubt and ambiguity, and to avoid any
obscurity, the Committee on Military Affairs
deemed it their duty to repoitthis bill,extending
the provision of the law of 1795, so as to make it
apply not only to a case of resistance to a specific
law, but to a case where there is resistance to the
authority of the United States and to the execu-
tion of any of its laws.
Mr. SICKLES. Will the gentleman yield to
an interruption?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. SICKLES. Do 1 understand that u is one
of the premises upon which this bill is founded
that there is a general insurrection against the
authority of the United States?
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SICKLES. Then the gentleman differs
broadly with the President elect, who says that
there is no danger, no trouble; and treats the idea
of apprehension with ridicule. There is a great
discrepancy here.
Mr. STANTON. I am acting upon my own
responsibility here in relation to this matter. But
I suppose, Mr. Speaker, that upon the theory of
the present, Administration that the right to scecde
is not a constitutional right, and that the action of
the States that have assumed to secede is revolu-
tionary action, this secession can be treated in no
other light #y the constituted authorities of the
country, to whatever party they may belong,than
in the light of an insurrectionary or revolutionary
proceeding. Whether it requires the measures
which we have proposed to institute for preven-
tion, is a question about which men may well
differ; but as to the nature of the thing, there is
no difference of opinion, as I understand it, be-
tween the present Administration and gentlemen
upon this side of the House and the incoming
Administration.
Mr. SICKLES. As to that point, I want to
make one remark. The present Administration
has not asked for any such legislation as this;
and if the next Administration concurs with the
present one, in that point of view, this bill ought
to he abandoned now and here. This Adminis-
tration doesnotsee that such a law can be brought
into use; and if Mr. Lincoln is authority for the
next Administration, he certainly sees no dan-
ger which requires the employment of a Federal
Army for the puiposo of subjugating the seccding
States.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to say to the gentle-
man from New York, that nobody has any idea
of subjugating anybody, except to enforce the
laws with theexhibition of the least possible force.
Mr. CURTIS. The President says, in his an-
nual message: " Secession is revolution; it may
be justifiable revolution, but nevertheless it is rev-
olution." Those are the very words of the Pres-
ident.
Mr. SICKLES. There are many kinds of
revolution, and some that do not require force.
Mr. STANTON. Tf I have the floor, I prefer
not to interrupted. What the existing Adminis-
tration would do if it were charged with the re-
sponsibility of administering the Government for
the next four yeais, I do not know; but the fact
that the existing Administration, whose lease of
power expires in two weeks, does not deem it
necessary, during that interval, to call for any
additional powers, furnishes no reason why, in
thejudgmentofpatiiotic and intelligent men, such
necessity may not arise during the four years of
the incoming Administration.
Mr. WINSLOW. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STANTON. I hope I will not be inter-
rupted.
Mr, WINSLOW. I do not want to interrupt
the gentleman. I only rise to ask a question for
information. I suggest to the gentleman that, as
there is some doubt m the Committee on Military
Affairs as to the necessity of this bill, and as the
bill is not yet printed, ought, he not let the ques-
tion go over till the bill is printed'1
Mr. STANTON. I propose to go on, and
finish my lemarks now.
Mr. SICKLES. Let him wait, and ^e what
the peace ronoirss may do.
Mr. STANTON. We arc within ten days of
the close of Congress 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle-
man allow m^ to make a remark ?
Mr. STANTON. Gentlemen will please not
interrupt me. We arc now within ten days of the
expiration of the present Congress. If this bill
is to puss at all, it must pass without unneces-
sary delay. It will have to go to the Senate,
where there is no previous question, and where
interminable delay may be interposed. The com-
mittee have, in deference to the condition of pub-
lic sentiment, and to avoid any unnecessary causes
of excitement, delayed the introduction of this
measure, and did not report the bill till the very
latest day to which they could withhold it with-
out endangering its ultimate passage.
I will state what I understand to be the present
condition of things, and what I understand to be
the necessity that exists for the passage of such
a measure as this. The incoming Administra-
tion does not desire to be under the necessity of
running counter to the opinion of the Attorney
General under the present Administration, and of
subjecting itself to the charge of usurpation, by
exercising powers the existence of which is de-
nied by thai officer. It therefore desires, by reme-
dial legislation, to cure that defect and omission.
We have before us six seceding States oiganized
into a separate hostile confederacy. It is said that
it is about to have, in thirty days, an army of fifty
regiments, backed up by a fund of $14,"000,000.
I do not know what authority there is for the
statement, but so the *umor goes. Now, one of
two things must be done 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I desire to
correct the gentleman. The southern confederacy
Sis not hostile. Its government desires to be
friendly.
Mr. STANTON. So I understand. It regards
the right of secession as a constitutional right,'
and on that idea claims to be friendly; but not
recognizing that theory, we cannot so reeaVd it.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania must excuse me.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to ask one
question.
Mr. STANTON. Icannotyield. Mr. Speaker,
we have the important ports of Charleston, Sa-
vannah, and New Orleans, in which the authori-
ties of the United States are superseded, where
its laws cannot be executed, and where no duties
can be collected, unless some mode be adopted,
aside from the ordinary mode of collection. One
of two things has to he done: either this right of
secession has to be recognized, the execution of
the laws of the United States in these ports to be
abandoned, or they must be treated as" free ports,
and all the foreign commerce of the country di-
verted from the ports of Boston,.New York, Phil-
adelphia, and Baltimore; or else the duties on im-
ported goods must he collected at those ports, or
they may be suspended as ports of entry, and
their commerce made illegitimate.
One of these two things must be done. Now,
I take it there are very few gentlemen that are
prepared to say that the authority of the United
States over those ports shall be surrendered and
abandoned; that the whole foreign commerce of
the country shall change its course and go to
those ports for the purpose of escaping duties.
That, 1 take it, there are very few gentlemen pre-
pared to recognize as a state of things which is to
be allowed to continue.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt that it is
the expectation of the incoming Administration
either to collect duties at those ports by vessels of
war stationed off their harbors, or, by some meas-
ure to be authorized at this session of Congress,
to close their ports, and not regard them any
longer as ports of entry. Dne of these things has
to be,"and inevitably must be done. Now, if the
southern confederacy should treat that as a hos-
tile act, an act of war, and should organize an
armed force to make an aggressive war upon the
United States, this Government must be placed
in a position to protect and defend itself. I do
not, myself, suppose that even the possession of
the forts in the southern States will be regarded
as a matter of sufficient practical importance to
imperil the peace of the country by attempting
their recapture, until all hopes of a peaceable ad-
justment are abandoned. But if there should be
a hostile attack made on vessels of the United
States stationed off southern ports, if that mode
of executing the laws should be resisted by march-
ing southern armies into northern States, or by
seeking the capture of the capital of the Republic,
then the Administration must be placed in a po-
sition to protect and defend itself against aggres-
sion.
Look at the condition of things. Suppose that,
by some untoward collision, the States of Virginia
and Maryland should, within twenty or thirty
days after the 4th of March, be precipitated into
acts of secession? We have now in the Army of
the United States eighteen thousand men, when it
is mustered to its maximum strength. These troops
are scattered over California, Oregon, Washing-
ton, New Mexico, and Texas; and you could not,
in sixty days,concentrate m this capital five thou-
sand men belonging to the regular Army. Are
we, and are the p.TSomttf/of the Government, to
be exposed to capture as pnsoneis of war? Is
the capital of the nation, arc the archives, tlr
seals, the symbols of sovereignty, all to be ex-
posed to an invasion that may happen within
twenty or thirty days after the lising of the pres-
ent session of Congress? Does any gentleman
desire such a state of things? Sir, this bill is
called for arid desired for no other purpose than
those of defense and protection, and for the exer-
cise of such -force as may be indispensable in col-
led mg the revenues in the least possible offensive
manner.
Mr. SIMMS. I call the attention of the gen-
