THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
stitution and the common law, unaided by statutory enact-
ment, do not afford adequate and sufficient protection to
slave property; some of the Territories having failed,
others Iiavim? lefuscd, to pass such enactments; it 1ms be-
come the duty ol' Congress to interpose and pass such laws
as will afford to slave "property in the Territories that pro-
tection which is given to other kinds of property."
Before going further, I will say that there never
was a vote upon this last proposition as a distinct
proposition. The vote was between the propo-
sition introduced by the two Senators from Mis-
sissippi. It was a choice between the two. I
voted against the last proposition, because I pre-
ferred the first. The first contained a clear, dis-
tinct declaration of principle that at any time and
at all times it was the duty of this Government
to protect property in the Territories. This last
resolution specified no place, no Territory, not
Kansas, but in general phraseology that " expe-
rience having already shown that the Constitu-
tion and the common law, unaided by statutory
enactments, do not afford adequate and sufficient
protection to slave property, "therefore legislative
action was necessary.
Now I will say just here that, in reading this
resolution, there occurs to me at this moment one
insuperable objection to it, and one which would
induce me, if it were a distinct proposition at this
time, to vote against it; amj the Senator from
Illinois is entitled to all that he can get from that.
I did not vote against it asa distinct proposition,
but I would have done it. Hud we voted for that
resolution last spring, there is not a stump in the
United States upon which the Senator, when can-
vassing for the Presidency, would not have rung
thccharges that we had admitted his principle, his
" great principle," that slavery was local; and he
would have read to the people this resolution, that
" all experience having already shown that the
Constitution and the common law, unaided by
statutory enactment, do not afford adequate and
sufficient protection to slave property,n and he
would have asked them if the Constitution and
the laws do not afford adequate protection, is it
not an admission upon the record that it is local,
and requires legislative action to establish it; and
out of our own mouths we would have been con-
demned. It appears from this debate tlvU, when
it came to be voted upon, 1 had never heard it,and
had not read if, and \ a^ked it to be read again be-
fore I voted. I voted upon it from ihe impression
made on my mind at the moment it was read;
but, as I said, the vote which I gave «was not
against this proposition. It was simply an ex-
pression of a preference of the resolution for
which this was moved as a substitute.
The Senator from Georgia (Mr. Iveuson] asked
me yesterday to give way to him for a moment,
and I possibly ought to have done so. I did not.
I will do him ample justice.
Mr. 1VERS0N. Will the Senator give way
for a moment now?
Mr. WIGFALL. I will do that which you
yomsclf would do.
Mr. 1VKRSON. I want to make one additional
explanation.
Mr. WIGFALL. In one moment then. Mr.
IvKRbox said:
"T barely wish to say, sir. by way of putting myself
rectus invitrin, that if the proportion of tha Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Drown,1 was introduced as a separate
and distinct proposition, and not as a substitute for the fifth
resolution, X would support it.-"'
Mr. Cl.v? said:
" I simply wish to say tiiat the remarks of the Senator
fiom Georgia, who has just taken his seat, explain fully my
vote.''
There was then some further discussion, and
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] of-
fered to make it a distinct proposition. There
was some objection to that, lie withdrew his
motion,and a vote wns taken upon it as a substi-
tute for a resolution in a series of resolutions in-
troduced by the other Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. Mason said:
" l "hill! vote a^aiii'st Hie amendment of tile honorable
Senator irons Mi^i^s-ippi, although f concur, a.^ t;u as I
understand it, entirely in its provisions, so lai as it intends
to av«e:t a right o\ a duty ot a principle. I am cieailyof
opinion, whenever a case au-scs in one of tin; Territories
where any idave property, or any other property there, is
not protected by tin law of the Ten itoi y, i hat it thedutv
ol (,'oHjfict-. bv proper legislation, whatever it m:>y be, to
provide ;<<icquate protection. Thb amendment a.^umc?,
a* 1 umJei-faud it, that theie i- now an existing ca.<^ in j
one oi more of the Tenitones- wheiepiopeity—siavoprop-
erty. of course—is? without protection; and it asserts a
duty for Congress, and a purpose for Congress, to provide
it. Now, sir, 1 am uninformed about the facts." * *
* * "J do not know whether there is a single slave
to be found in that Territory ; hut h*1 it so or not. if we are
to legislate on the subject, we must have the fact before
us. We must have a bill to enable us to carry it into effect;
and if I find, in that Terntoiy or any other, that there is a
case arising for the intervention of Congress, 1 hold the
way perfectly clear; and if it is not done, I shall sny to
my people, 4 We have been deprived of a constitutional
rightbut it must appear. For these reasons, I shall vote
against the amendment."
Other Senators spoke upon the subject, and all
gave precisely the same reasons. I will state that
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] gave
the same reasons. Other Senators on this "side
gave the same reasons. Then with what fairness
is it charged, when we voted for propositions
which distinctly dcclarcd that it was the duty of
this Federal Government to afford protection to
slave property wherever it was within its juris-
diction, and when amendments were brought in
—I do not say that it is my belief now, but I will
say that at the time the impression was upon my
mind, that these amendments were offered at
least to embarrass us and avoid a direct vote upon
the subject and a distinct declaration of principle
—when, under these circumstances, we choose
not to commit ourselves to questions of fact as to
whether there was necessity at that time for legis-
lating—not as to Kansas, for the resolutions of
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] did
not name Kansas—when we gave as a reason
that we did not know it to be a fact or not to be
a fact, and refused simply to vote upon a naked
question of fact, with what fairness, I ask, can
we be charged with having been, to use the ex-
pression of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las,] " recreant" in our duties to the constituen-
cies whom we represented?
Mr. GREEK. Will the Senator allow me to
make one remark?
Mr. WIGFALL. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. It is simply this: he is pre-
cisely corrcct on all the points he has stated; hut
there aie other facts of which he is not informed.
Up to the present hour wc have not legal inform-
ation of the action of Kansas on that question.
Mr. WIGFALL. I thank the Senator.
Mr. GREEN. In Nebraska there is no neces-
sity ; in Utah there is no necessity; in New Mex-
ico there is no necessity; in Kansas there i-s a re-
port. 1 sent to the State Department yesterday,
and the information is not yet legally received
whether there is a legal necessity or noi.
Mr. WIGFALL. At the request of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,] I will read
his remarks upon tfiat subject:
" Mr. Powell. Before this vote is taken, I desire to
say that, for the reasons assiqned by the Senator from TVIIs-
cd&dppi, [Mr IK vis,] the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Bkn'jamin,] and the [senator from Texas, [xMr. Wiofall,]
I shall vote against the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Brown] to the ic^olution of the Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. (Jmngman,] offered as an amend-
ment to the resolutions under consideiation, and against
that resolution itself. The resolutions of the Henatoi from
Mi-fi^ippi [.Mr. IXvvi*] assort great political principles.
The amendment proposed by the Senator from North Car-
olina as«eits a lact about which he and the Senator fiom
Mississippi [Mr. Drown] diflei. I will state, fuuhermoic,
that, whenever it shall be made known, by experience or
othei wise, that further legislation is necessary to protect
either persons or property in the Territories ot the Union,
I am ready to vote for it."
So much then, sir, for this bill of indictment
which was found against mo yesterday, and upon
which I was put upon my trial. I deemed it neces-
sary to say thus much, because the charge was
confidently made by the Senator, and because it
was positively denied by me. When he comes to
reply, if he shall deem it necessary to make any,
I trust that he will do me justice. 1 trust that he
may be able to do justice to lumself.
My objection to the course wc arc now pur-
suing, is simply that these discussions amount to
nothing. We cannot save the Union. The Sena-
tors on the other side, and the Senator from Illi-
nois can, possibly. I do not know that they can.
If they cannot, it cannot be saved. We cannot
do it. The people of the South—I speak of the
people of the different slaveholding States, and
especially those upon the Gulf, commonly called
the cotton States—are dissatisfied with the present
Government, as it is about to be administered by
the President elect. There is nothing that can
satisfy ilium except amendments to the Constitu-
tion, and those amendments must be made by the
northern States unanimously, or they will not be
satisfied; and I say here, that they should not be.
If amendments to the Constitution, securing to
us everything that wc could ask, were ratified by
■the fifteen slaveholding States and ten non-slave-
holding States, they would he in the Constitution
and a part of the compact, but if eight non-slave-
holding States were to vote against, those ratifica-
tions, as they could, and yet the ratifications bo
made a part of the Constitution, we see at once
that here would be amendments to the Constitu-
tion distasteful to eight of the non-slaveholduig
States, and which they probably would disregatd,
as they have disregarded the present Constitu-
tion. Suppose that amendments were proposed
by us, and the fifteen slaveholding States were to
ratify them; suppose that ten non-slaveholding
States were to latify them; suppose that New
York and Pennsylvania and Ohio and Illinois and
Indiana and Iowa and other border States were
to refuse the ratification: of what practical use
would they be to us5 None.
What is the use of our discussing on this side
of the Chamber what we would be satisfied with,
when nothing has been offered us, and when we
do not believe that we will be permitted to retain
even that which we now have? If the two Sen-
ators from New York, the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Wadk,] the two Senators from Illinois, the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] the
Senators from Maine, and others, who are re-
garded as representative men, who have denied
that, by the Constitution of the United States,
slaves arc recognized as property; who have
urged and advocated those acts which we regard
as aggressive on the part of the people—if they
will rise here and say in their places, that they
desire to propose amendments to the Constitution
and beg that wc will vote for them; that they will,
in good faith, go to their respective constituencies
and urge the ratification; that they believe, if these
Gulf States will suspend their action, that those
amendments will be ratified and carried out in
good faith; that they will cease preaching this
" irrepressible conflict," and if, in those amend-
ments, it is declared that slaves arc property, that
they shall.be delivered lip upon demand; and if
they will assure us that Abolition societies shall be
abolished; that Abolition presses shall be sup-
pressed ; that Abolition speeches shall no longer
be made; that we shall have peace and quiet; that
we yhall not be called cut-throats and pirates and
murderers; that our women shall not be slan-
dered—these things being said in good faith, the
Senators begging that we will stay our hahd until
an^<?nest effort can be made, I believe that there
is al&prospect of giving them a fair consideration.
[Laughter on the Republican side.]
Senators laugh in my face. I beg that my
friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,] and other
Union-savers upon this floor, will look and see
the derision, the contempt, that is expressed in
every Senator's face on the other side when I
make these propositions. I trust that they will
understand. Fan est ab hnste dnceri—learn even
from your enemies some wisdom. Waste not
your time in idle prattle. Get not into disputes,
Senators from the South, with each other as to
what you will be satisfied with and what you will
take. I tell you, as I have told the people whom
I represent, long and long ago, you will not be
permitted tq keep that which you now have. You
are regarded as poltroons; and they talk of force,
of coercion, of holding this glorious blood-bought
Union, as they regard it, together with hemp.
And yet you petition and beg and ask that this
"glorious Union" maybe continued, in order
that you may be taxed, and that the hard earn-
ings of those men whom you represent shall be
taken from their pockets in order to build up
northern wealth and property, to clear out their
harbors and construct their roads. This is the
manner in which you are treated when you talk
aboutcompromise. I knew what the result would
be. I say to the Senatois on the other side that
you will have to abolish your Abolition societies,
if you expect to live long in our company.
Now,^ Mr. President, "there is no principle of
international law better settled that that every
State is responsible for the conduct of its citizens.
I recollect when James Monroe was President of
these United States, and John Quincy Adams, a
citizen of the State of Massachusetts, was .Sec-
retary of State, and John Forsyth, of Georgia,
was minister to Spain, and. Andrew Jackson was
commander-in-chief of our forces upon the Flor-
