1032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Febrifeiy 19,
tleman from Ohio to this clause of the Constitu-
tion:
" No preference shall be given by any regulation of com-
merce or revenue to the ports of one State over those of
another."
I understand the gentleman to say that the rev-
enues must be in the seceding States collected, or
the ports closed. 1 ask the gentleman if, under
this provision of the Constitution, he believes this
Congress has the right to pass laws to close the
ports of any seceding States, while he holds "to
the idea that these seceding States constitute a
part of the Government? Will that not be exer-
cising a preference in favor of the ports of " one
State over that of another" in regulating its com-
merce?
Mr. STANTON. I am not now discussingthat
question, and do not know that the incoming Ad-
ministration will resort to that mode of attempt-
ing to execute the laws. Whether the closing of
certarn ports by law would be giving preference
to one port over another, is a question which I do
not think it necessary now to discuss. I do not
think there is any constitutional difficulty about
it. I think that Congress has plenary power over
locating ports of entry.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have no question
myself as to the constitutional power of Con-
gress to close the ports of any State—even all the
ports of that State. But I am informed by the
gentleman from Ohio, that it is his opinion that
our southern borders are in a slate of revolution. I
ask him this question: whether it is the intent of
the friends of this bill—f >r 1 shall be guided in
my action on the bill by his answer—-to precipi-
tate, through its instrumentality, an armed force
on the scene of that trouble, for its suppres-
sion?
Mr. STANTON. I apprehend that no man
contemplates marching a single hostile foot into
the terntoiy of any State of this Confederacy;
never, until it is absolutely necessary in self-de-
fense, and until southern armies are marched on
northern soil, or on the soilof this capital. Never.
That is not contemplated.
Mr. JO UN COCHRANE. Then, do I under-
stand my friend from Oluo to say that this meas-
ure is proposed simply as a purely defensive meas-
ure 2
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. A defensive meas-
ure against revolution ?
Mr. STANTON. Knthvly so.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Not for the sup-
]nesHi<jii of revolution. 1 hope the gentleman fi om
Ohio will find hia opportunity of enlightening the
country by explaining how the efficacy and force
of this bill will not be, instead of defending the
country against revolution, to subjugate revolu-
tion.
Mr. STANTON. J do not precisely under-
stand the lomark of the gentleman.
Air. CURTIS. 1 do not care which way you
take it. I am for it either way.
Mr. STANTON. 1 suppose, of course, any
ditteictien may be abused. The Army may be
usul for improper put poses by any Administra-
tion i nth r exiftnuj; lav s. We mast, under any
eireunist'tnees, and und-'i every AdunnssU ition,
trust sometlu..^ to the .nti-Hi^i-no and piatioti.un
of these winj control tin. Government of the Re-
Mr. SIMMS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether, under this bill, thane is any
limit to the number of volunteers that may be
called out; and to call his attention to the dilTcr-
eu< e there is in tin ? respect bt Iwceu 'thie bill end
ihf ione bill of 1^33. 1 wish to ask the gentle-
man whether, und'T tins, the President may not
call into requisition a million men, oi rather, ac-
cept them, for any purpose \vhat< ver, and thus
incur a debt of millions and hundreds of millions
of dolinis, not for the invasion of the southern
Srcte^, but merely as an arm of defense, and for
the t Of the laws J
Mr. bTA NTON. i will s?
iVSw. It <"<>
v i V
to the gentleman
■ .vuy c 1 the
 on
• the
insurrection 1 <; a ■ :i s-1
"i Si.ne&, jjjmt was eon-
- foi the purpose
\vir,\ the authority '•!' :i
laws. Nothing moie.and
pose of this question at this time,as at any other,
and I ask for the previous question.
Mr. BOCOCK. Then we are not to obtain a
hearing upon this declaration of war. This is the
first time in the history of this country that wc
have been precipitated into a war under the pre-
vious question, and I call upon the men who in-
tend to stand up for the peace of this country to
resist this bill, and resist it to the last. I move
to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I call for
the yeas and nays upon that motion.
Mr. STANTON. I want simply to say that I
call the.previous question, for the reason that this
bill only comes up during the morning hour; and
if we are to continue it from day to day for dis-
cussion during the morning hour, we shall never
come to a vote upon it at all. The morning hour
has already been more than half consumed, and
delay is unavoidable, unless, by the previous
question, the special order is superseded. I there-
fore must insist upon the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman from
Ohio permit mc one moment? I understand him
to say that the only reason which induces him to
call the previous question at this tune is, that by
the expiration of the morning hour, he will be cut
olF from the further consideration of the bill.
Now, 1 undertake to say that, if the gentleman
will allow the discussion of this bill to go on, so
far as this side of the House is concerned, he
shall have more than the morning hour to con-
sider it in. Your side of the House has a major-
ity here; and you have put through nearly every
important measure here under the gag of the pre-
vious question. We have had no opportunity to
discuss them; but I give them notice that, if all
discussion is cut oft* upon this bill, you can never
pass it through this House so long as there are
thirty or foiiy of us to call the yeas and nays.
But if the gentleman will allow the discussion to
go on, we will agree to any condition that he may
want in respect to the special order.
Mr. STANTON. Well, sir; I will propose a
compionnse. As I said, this bill only comes up
m the morning hour.
Mr. JOHN^COCHRAjSTE. If you pass this
bill, it will be. the morning hour to this Republic.
Mr. STANTON. The compromise I propose
is, that the debate upon this bill whall go on for
to-day, with the understanding that when it shall
close this evening, the previous question shall be
ordered, and no factious opposition interposed to
the final disposition of the bill.
Mr. BOCOCK. One word more in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio. J do not think he ought
to ask us to vote upon this bill to-day. The bill
has not been printed. 1 have not beet! able to see
it, and have hardly heard it read. I have had no
opportunity to compare the provisions of this bill
with the law to which it is an amendment. No
one on this aide of the House has been able to ex-
amine the provisions of the bill; and yet, we are
axkeu, under these circumstances, without the op-
portunity of saying a word, upon the mere read-
ing of a bill declaring war, to vote upon it under
the operation of the previous question.
Sir, I tell the gentleman as the Duke of Argyle
told George 111, that if you intend to convert this
country into a great hunting-ground, gi\e us an
opportunity to lift up our voices, that our people
may hear and pieparo for the change. Sir,«s the
Dukf of Argylo raid to George II}, when he pro-
posed to make Scotland a great hunting-ground,
so T say to him, that our people may be ready
for the change.
Mr. STANTON. If gentlemen intend to in-
terpose factious opposition to this bill, I must ask
that the rules maybe enforced. Discussion is
not in order.
Air. HiNDMAN. I wh-di merely to say, that
so far as I am concerned, I ask foi no delay m the
passage of this bill, i am not only willing, but
{ desire that the members upon the other side of
tin House rd:al! force the bill through under the
;tion m whatever haste they may
he < on'itry muy know their detenn-
rnvself, 1 am ready to vote.
fOX. L'-t us have the previous
: ire viou
wish :-y
ye :«;o tlei
-fin.
Mr. ST'A
< sUOii iheji.
Mi. IJURNETT. I thmk the gentleman from
Ohio perhaps misunderstood me m the position
Mr. PRYOR. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Ohio has called the previous
question, and debate is out of order.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ohio
has the control of the floor, and I ask his permis-
sion to set myself right. I do not desire the gen-
tleman to understand mc as consenting to any
proposition as to the time the House is to come
to avote upon this bill. I stated to the gentleman
that he and his side of the House were in the
majority in this House, and can sustain the de-
mand for the previous question whenever they
may think proper; but I hold that it is the right
that gentlemen upon this side of the House can-
not justly be deprived of, to discuss the bill before
it shall be pressed to a vote.
Mr. STANTON. I said that I was willing to
have the debate go on for the whole day if gentle-
men would make no factious resistance to the
passage of the bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not understand what
the gentleman means by factious resistance. This
is a measure for involving the country in war.
Mr. PRYOR. No debate is in order. I ask
that the rules may be enforced.
Mi. HARRIS, of Maryland. I hope the gen-
tleman will yield to me for a moment. I never
make a factious resistance to anything in this
House. I desire to ask him a question in rela-
tion to this bill.
Mr. PRYOR. I ask that the rules may be
enforced.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order. The
question is upon the motion to lay the bill upon
the table; upon which the yeas and nays are de-
manded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish simply to make a sug-
gestion to my friend from Ohio. It is this: that
the House take a recess and hold a night session
for the purpose of debating this bill. [Ciies of
"Order!"] This is one of the most important
measures that ever came before the House. Let
us have anight session for the purpose of debate.
Mr. BRANCH. I am in favor of discussion,
of course; but unless it can take place in order,
unless the demand for the previous question can
be withdrawn, 1 insist that the debate shall stop;
and let the gentleman either stick to the demand
for the previous question or withdraw it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I propose that, by
unanimous consent, the debate upon this special
order shall be postponed until this bill shall have
been disposed of.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to discussion. It is
out of order. I want a vote on the proposition.
Mr. CORWIN. I ask my friend from Ohio to
withdraw his demand for the previous question.
Mr. RUST. I rise to a point of order. I want
to know whether my friend from Ohio is in order.
The motion has been made to lay upon the table,
and on that motion the yeas and nays have been
ordered. I understand that, under the rules, noth-
ing is now in order but the call of the roll.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not m order on a
motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. RUST, Then let the rules be enforced.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the negative—yeas 6d, nays 105; as follows:
YEAS—}Ie-^is. Aril run, Allen, Thomas L. Anrieison,
Wnlnm C. Andewu), Ave:-.. ii.iri. Bucuck, I5on 5ei, !>ou-
lijrny. Brulwon, Hiatieh, fin-tow, Uu:oh. Onipett, TTenco
P. Clark, Join, D. CJark, John Cocinano. Cox, Jamus Ciaig,
He.ton Online, John G. JL)a\ ])e Jaijaeue, 1-ldimuKL-oii,
JljiuiMi, ljihcurlic, Floia.ec, Fou,ie, Garnctt, (-Ainci,
IJpiuiUnn, J. Monison Harris John T. Hnii- Hatton.
Hiwhinm, William liowani, iiti<rho, Kunkcl, Lanahec',
no.'hiiig less. I think tin Hor.se may as well dis- !! i mentioned a moment ago
Win-low, WonJ^on, and Wnglit—OS
NAYS—Mc!-sis.<JlmiloF. Adaiiu-, Aldrich, AlSev, Bab-
bitt, limgham, Blair, Blakf, Drayton, Hngg*. Cuitmton,
Burlinrcame, Buniham, Duttcifkdd,Campbell, Oarev. ('ar-
tel. Ca-<\ Coliax. eomv;t}\ Coiwin, Covode. Cuitis,
Dawes. Delano, Duell. Dana, Edgeiton, Edvwnds Flv,
FariiMVOith. Teuton, IViry, Fiank, French. Goei Old-
ham. Grow. Gmb-y, Hail, Ilolmick, Ihekmai) Will-am A
llouai.f, Humo'.uev. Hut-chins, hvine. Junkm, l\e:,ri.
Yv. KeilojfL'. William Koiiogsr, Kenyan, Kitooi \ Ksjm vt,
IK'Wm C. LeiiHt, Lou. Lunym-ckci, Lo'.'kh-, Low,"-,
jUaifTon, .UeKoan, AJcIvmsiit, IVfcPe. ■■.on. Mdlu
?,Wiicad, Mornli. E'Hvas.1 J'-v M
Mor-e, '%'xon. Olm, Palmer, IVirv, P'-mi. Pour'r. I'< *;er.
Edvi-n it. Reynold.-. John If. Reynold'-, Iiic, t lui-.t-
ophm- Uolnn^-oTi, Itovc", Sed^viok, Siiounati, Souk*,
Spaukhng, ripmncr, Stauton, Ste\ens, William Stewart,
Stiatton, Tappan, Tliaycr, Tiicakcr, Tompkins, Tram,
