1084:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
No objection being made, the resolution was
taken from the Speaker's table, and read a first
and second time.
Mr. BRIGGS. I move to refer that resolution
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 believe I have the floor.
Mr. BRIGGS. Certainly. I hope the House
will not act in such hot haste to pass such a res-
olution as that.
Mr. BURN ETT. I hope the House will indulge
me in a few remarks, somewhat in the nature of
a personal explanation. During the second ses-
sion of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, this claim was
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia. The committee refened the matter to
the gentleman from New Yoik, [Mr. Briggs,J
who was a member of that committee. He pre-
pared a report, drew up a resolution, and reported
it to the House. That joint resolution did not
pass at that session of Congress. At the last ses-
sion of Congress, this matter was again referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia. I
reported a joint resolution for the benefit of the
party named in that joint resolution. It did then
pass this House. That joint resolution referred
the question to the Secretary of War. Now, I
desire to say that, according to a calculation I
then made, this party was entitled to $41,500 only;
that the claimant under this joint resolution never
claimed from any member of the committee, and
particularly from myself, who investigated the
matter thoroughly, that he was entitled to any
larger sum than $57,000. When that claim went
to the War Department for settlement, under that
resolution, they reported that there was due him
$119,000, nearly double the amount the party
himself claimed before the committee.
The late Secretary of War (Mr. Floyd) taxed
the estimate which was made in that Department
upon an estimate made by a gentleman of the
name of Latham, a clerk in that Department, and
he writes a letter to this House, in which he says
he makes the estimate upon the contingent profits
which the party was likely to be entitled to, and
also upon estimated damages growing out of what
he might have made if he had complied with his
contract. The ioport, accompanying the joint
resolution which was made to this House', au-
thorizes and warrants no such construction, and
if the parties at the War Department had looked
into the debates of the first session of this Con-
gress, they would have found that, in answeung
a question propounded by the gentleman ftom
Georgia, [Mr. Crawford,! 1 stated distinctly
that the object of the resolution was only to give
to this pariy the actual damages sustained by rea-
son of the annulment of his contract. My lan-
guage was this:
"th i< resolution cannot operate to the prejudice of the
Government. The lesolntioii authon/.r* ihe Vretctaiy of
Wm to adjust liis accounts upon principles of equity and
justice. It authorizes payment to him for losses he sus-
tained by the action of the Government."
Now, I want this resolution passed, and the
whole matter referred to the Court of Claims. 1
call the previous question.
Mr. BRIGGS. Do 1 understand that the reso-
lution in before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is, by general consent.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 do not witeh to say anything
in reference to this case, because I do not under-
stand it; but allusion has been made to-day, by
the gentleman from'Kentucky—and frequently
before by gentlemen upon the other side of the
House—to the decisions of the late Secretary of
War upon the subject. I understand that the
reasons which influenced the conduct of the late
Secretaiy are given m a letter of his, which 1
called for by a resolution some days ago. 1 knew
nothing about it the)'; i know nothing about U
now . But I uudeisrand that the date wht< h I gave,
in that resolution, of the letter was an mcorieef
date, and for that reason the letter has not been
communicated to us.
Mr. BURNETT. I have seen it.
Mr. BOCOCK. I merely ask that, by general
consent, I may be allowed to correct the date m
that usolution, so that the letter of the late Sec-
retary of War may be sent to the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to having
the letter brought here. These accounts weie
settled, and estimates made by a gentleman in the
War IX partment by the name of Latham. I do
not know that the Secretary of War gave any
personal supervision to this matter; but I wanted
to say this much in defense of my own action,
because I never would have reported that reso-
lution if it had entered my mind for a moment
that contingent profits were to be included in the
adjudication of this claim, and that, too, when it
is nearly double the amount which the party him-
self claimcd when he had, his claim before the
Committee for the District of Columbia. I de-
mand the previous question.
I Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I desire to ask
I my colleague one question.
j Mr. BRIGGS. Will the gentleman withdraw
j the prafevious question for a moment?
j Mr. BURNETT. I cannot. I promised the
! gentleman fiom Ohio notto take up time, and I must
j insist upon the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
! mam question ordered.
] Mr. BRIGGS. i have moved that the resolu-
i tion be referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman did not have
the floor to make that motion.
Mr. BRIGGS. I had the floor before the pre-
vious question was moved.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
still operating; and the motion of the gentleman
from New York is not in order.
Mr. BRIGGS. I was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman is certainly
mistaken. 1 had the floor.
Mr. BRIGGS. The gentleman is mistaken.
At the time I rose and uddiesscd the Chair, he
did not have the floor.
Mr. BARR. I think it very unfair to call up
the resolution in this way, and move the previous
question before any argument has been heard on
the question. I am not favoring the resolution;
but I am opposed to the cutting off of my col-
league.
Mr. BRIGGS. The consent of the House was
not given to the gentleman to have the resolution
taken up. It was merely read for informaiion.
Mr. Do G root is an immediate constituent of mine,
and 1 am unwilling that he shall be crowded down
like this. I agree with the gentleman from Ken-
tucky in his construction of the resolution, that
itwould not givcMr. DeGrootmorc than $41,000.
That was my impression at the time the resolution
passed. I voted Air it under the belief that that
was all he was entitled to. I still believe that he
is entitled to that amount, and I am unwilling that
he shall be entirely sacrificed in the manner con-
templated by the gentleman from Kentucky, by
repealing the joint lesolu tion. Let this resolution
go to the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and there be considered and revised; and they can,
if they see {it, report another bill to the House.
There has been no moment, since the gentleman
asked to take up the resolution, when a single ob-
jection would have not been fatal to it, and I was
ready to interpose it at any time. It is due to the
House that the resolution should be referred to
tiie same committee from which the original res-
olution for the relief of Mr. De Groot emanated.
I bclic\e that the accounting oHlceis of the Treas-
ury who are soon to come into otiiee will never
put such a construction on the resolution as to
allow Mr. De Groot $110,000. I know that he is
not entitled to such a sum, or to any constructive
! damages, but he ought to be allowed the actual
i damages occasioned by the breaking up of his
j contract.
| I hope, sir, that the lesolution will be referred
i to the Committee for the District of Columbia;
■ I and that justice, and nothing but justice, will be
!! done to Mr. De Groot.
:[ Mr. BURNETT. The reason why I want this
;! question icfi-rred to the Court of Claims is, that
j; it would be impossible for us to pass any resolu-
tion; und if the gentleman from Mew York .had
^ been familiar with the facts, he would have known
: that the hue Seen tary of \V\u* issued his requisi-
| tion for this sum of $119,000; and it has been
i suspended by order of the President. Now, if
we repeal the resolution, there will be no chance
; to get tiiis $119,000 out of the public Treasury,
I and we transfer this party to the Court of CI aims,
t where he Wiii have full justice done him.
! Mr. BRIGGS. 1 believe we shall never have
I such another Secretary of War as Governor
j Floyd. I am confident that the country will never
; bo disgraced in euch a manner n^ain; and J am
willing that this matter shall" be considered by
the Secretary of the Treasury of the incoming
Administration.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
third reading of the resolution.
Mr. BRIGGS. I insist on my motion to refer
it to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must be under a
great mistake, if the gentleman from Kentucky
had not moved the previous question before the
gentleman from New York made that motion.
Mr. BRIGGS. Then I move to lay the reso-
lution upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The joint resolution was then ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution waspased; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF DISTRICT ATTORNEYS, ETC.
Mr. NELSON, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on the Judiciary, with
a recommendation that it do pass, Senate bill No.
86, to amend the existing laws relative to the com-
pensation of district attorneys, marshals, and
clerks of the circuit and district courts of the
United States.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
LETTER 01' MR. FLOYD.
Mr. BOCOCK. Was it understood just now
that 1 had unanimous consent of the House to
change the date of the letter of Governor Floyd,
called for by resolution of the House?
The SPEAKER. That order was made.
UNITED STATES CONSULS.
Mr. PETTIT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of the late consuls at
Cypress, in Turkey; Odessa, in Russia; and Mar-
anham, in Brazil; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now insist on my mo-
tion.
Mr. BINGHAM. With the permission of my
colleague, I desire to report a bill from the Ju-
diciary Committee, merely for the purpose of hav-
ing it printed.
Mr. GtUARLES objected.
The motion to make the naval appropriation
bill the special order was agreed to.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Cot.fax in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the special order, being the amend-
ments of the Senate to bill (II. R. No. 914) mak-
ing appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 18(j2.
First amendment of the Senate:
Paire 4, after lln'"1 two of the engrossed hill, insert:
Tor the puidi.'i.-o of the u'iht to u=c m the Navy, if, in
the opinion of the Secretaiy ot the Navy, it shall he deemed
expedient. Davidson'^ boat-lowenng," attaching, and de-
taching apparatus a >uin nut exceeding $10,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Tnr the pmcha^e oftho richt to use by the United States
Hiookc's doep-i-ea sounduar apparatus, $5,00u.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concunence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Forth" balance of the expenses of the survey of the Isth-
mus ot Cbniquj, $1,03? 81.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fomth amendment:
Ftuke out the following:
'• r'oi the puictia^eol theiidit to y3o in the United States
Aav,, on t tt'a n«*in\>- and propeller-', a ao\ eieor to a marine
«to;uii«cji2i <\ provided (he Seei etai y of the Navy ma\ deem
it e.xpedient. $-25,000."
And insert in lieu thereof, as follows:
Foi the jmirhHM' of the right to use m the United States
Navy. on «toain-hip:> and piopc-lier^, in navy-yards or oth-
