1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
isthc result of that Helper book indorsed by your-
selves. It is the result of the preachings and
the teachings of the Senator from New York. It
is the result of the preachings and the teachings
of other Black Republican leaders. It is the re-
salt of (he preachings and teachings of your fol-
lowers or pretended followers of Christ. In your
schools you teach your children to hate us. In
your pulpits you teach it as a religious duty,
upon the hustings you teach it. Your eighteen
northern non-siaveholding States nominate two
of the most fanatical of your sect as candidates
for President and Vice President. You elect them;
and now you tell us that they shall be inaugurated.
Previously to the election and to the anticipated
inauguration, you organized a Praetorian guard.
In Rome, it was not until liberty had fallen that
Augustus, their first Emperor, inaugurated that
military body. A few years rolled on, and the
empire was put up by the Preetorian guard, and
sold for money. Who is to be the Dcdius Ju-
hanus that will purchase this empire, I cannot
divine. The Senator from New York told rhis
John-Brown, Wide-Awake Praetorians that their
services could not be dispensed with after the
election; that they would be needed to secure the
fruits of the victory. One half million of men uni-
formed and drilled, and the purpose of their organ-
ization to sweep the country 111 which I live with
fire and sword 
Mr. SEWARD. With the honorable Sena-
tor's permission, 1 beg leave to ask him to state
the grounds of the declaration lie has just made?
Mr. WIGFALLi. I will state to the Senator.
I do not keep scrap books myself, but I saw it
published in the New York papeis, in a speech
made by the Senator. Everybody saw it. It has
been copied into many papers. I never saw it
denied. It was a speech delivered by the Sena-
tor in his late presidential tour to the West.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I think this
is the first time since I have been in the Senate of
the United States, that i have ever attempted to
correct a misapprehension as to myself. I can-
not say what may have been published in the
newspapers or attributed to me. I do remember
to have read u letter which I received from some
unknown person in the southern States, quoting,
or professing to quote, from some speech of mine,
something like this which the Senatoralludcs to.
I can only say this: I cannot tell what I may have
said. 1 have no recollection of all the speeches
that I may have made before the election or after.
I cannot tell what there has been which could be
perverted or misunderstood so as to imply that I
have ever said or intimated that the Wide-Awakes
were to bo kept organized, disciplined, and uni-
foimed, or associated at all to secure the fruits of
this victory. I think I may say safely that I
never could have delivered anything which could
have borne such a construction.
And now 1 hope the Senator will excuse me
one moment more.
Mr. WIG-PALL. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. He is always very respect-
ful to me, and I mean to be to him. I hope that,
in making this explanation, I shall not be deemed
to have brought myself under any obligation to
explain anything more hereafter or heretofore.
Mr. WI&FALL. Mr. President, the denial of
the Senator, of course, is all that \ could ask. I
saw him so reported, and have seen it frequently.
Who reported it I do not know. It was pub-
lished North and South. This Wide-Awake as-
sociation, I was going on to say, had I not been
interrupted, has itself produced an immense deal
of excitement and bitter feeling. Whether the
Senator from New York said what has been as-
cribed to him or not, would not be a matter of
any moment further than ho is concerned. That
hedid not sayit, I am now, of course, convinced.
I would not misrepresent him. But that this pre-
torian band is organized; that its members do
undergo military drill; that it is a military organ-
ization, no man who has looked upon them, as I
did this last summer, and heard their regular mil-
itary tramp, does or con doubt.
The non-slaveholding States have held their
convention; they have nominated their candidates;
they have elected them. Now I ask Rkick Re-
publican Senators if the fifteen slaveholding States
had hold a convention calling it national, had nom-
inated a slaveholder for President and a slave-
holder fo* Vice President, and had adopted a plat-
form which, in the non-slaveholding States, was
regarded as so hostile and antagonistic to their
interests that they could not have an electoral
ticket m one of their States; if the slaveholding
States had carried 011 a war of denunciation and
aggression fur a series of years, and had adopted
principles so offensive and so dangerous to the
non-slaveholding States that one of their nomi-
nated candidates could not, with safety, have
traveled through one of the non-slaveholding
States—if this had been the case, and we had
elected such a man, would you have said that there
was any obligation upon you to regard the com-
pact as kept, and look to the hollow forms of elec-
tions? Would you not have said: "We have
lost our autonomy, our right of self-government;
a foreign government has been established over
us; these slaveholders having a numerical major-
ity; have nominated two of their own order for
President and Vice President; they will have
their Cabinet composed of such men; the foreign
diplomacy will be managed by such men." Woitld
not that be your exclamation, and would it not
be founded m reason ?
Then I say the non-slavcholding States have
nominated and elected their candidate. Tell me
not that we have got the legislative department of
this Government, for I say we have not. As to
this body, where do we stand? Why, sir, there
arc now eighteen non-slaveholding States. In a
few weeks we shall have the nineteenth, for Kan-
sas will be brought in. Then the arithmetic which
settles our position is simple and easy. Thirty-
eight northern Senators you will have upon this
floor. We shall have thirty to your thirty-eight.
After the 4th of March, the Senator from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Latham.] the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Bright,] the Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr.Thomson,] and the Senator from Minnesota
[Mr. Rice] will be here. That reduces the north-
ern phalanx to thirty-four.
Mr. BINGHAM. Douglas.
Mr. WIGFALL. What?
Mr. BINGHAM. Douglas.
Mr. WIGFALL. JVon tali auxili onccdcfensori-
bus istis, tcmpus eget. [Laughter.] There are four
of the northern Senators upon whom we can rely,
whom wo know to be friends, whom we have
trusted in our days of trial heretofore, and in whom,
as Constitution-loving men, we will trust. Then
we stand thirty-four to thirty-four, and your Black
Republican Vice President to give the casting
vote. Mr. Lincoln can make his own nomina-
tions with perfect security that they will be con-
firmed by this body, even if every slaveholding
State should remain in the Union, which, thank
God, they will not do. You have elected your
President, and you can inaugurate lum; and we
will have neither lot nor parcel in this matter.
I am thus recapitulating the necessity for our
action to show that we are not acting upon im-
pulse. Senators, some of them, have spoken of
the excitement of the South. I tell you the ex-
citement has passed off, the fever has subsided,
and the patient has collapsed. So far as thi:;
Union is concerned, the cold sweat of death is
upon it. Your Union is now dead; your Gov-
ernment is now dead. It is to-day but lying in
state, surrounded, it is true, by pomp and cere-
mony. They arc, Senators, but the mournful
ceremonies, pomps, and pageants which are seen
around the mighty dead. The spirit has de-
parted, and it has gone back to those who gave
it—the sovereign States of this Union. There is
now in the Gulf States no excitement. There is
a fixed, determined will that they will be free; and
men who conic here and talk about wishing to
preserve this Union by way of avoiding what
they call precipitate action, tell us that we are to
he hung if we dare be free. The Senator from
Illinois has declared—I do not know whether he
said H; the Senator from New YOVk has been
misrepresented, and he may have been; but it
was published in his celebrated Norfolk spcech
that he was going to hang the President of the
Opposition party if that President should beat
him and not administer the Government accord-
ing to his notions. Well, this was hardly a fair
way, I think, of conducting a canvass—to hang
Lincoln if he should be elected, provided he did
not administer the Government according to the
Senators idea of propriety! It was rather lough
work! He was then going to hang all the Vn-
ginians who attempted to act upon his "great
principle of the right of self-government." That
is the great principle, I believe, of the Kansas-
Nebraska act, that every people have a right to
govern themselves as they sec fit, saving and
excepting the people of these sovereign States.
They alone, it seems, have not that right'.
Organic law, I have always supposed, was
made by sovereignty; was the supreme law of the
land. It goes out in the form of a constitution
or an edict. ^ An organic law seems now to be
only such laws as wc pass here for petty cor-
porations,, to be repealed whenever we see fit*
This is the Senator's idea of organic law. Why,
Mr. President, 1 am surprised—I would say
shocked; but I do not suppose anything could
shock a man who has lived in this city for six
months—nothing, certainly, of misapprehension
as to the simplest question of the form of gov-
ernment under which wc are living. You talk
about hanging States; about States committing
treason; about enforcing the laws; and doing all
sorts of things. Sir, I hold in my hand the first
volume of the statutes of South Carolina, to which
I shall refer, as she is to bo the immediate subject
for the operation to be performed on; and I find
that the constitution of South Carolina was
adopted on the 26th of March, 1776. That was
before the Declaration of Independence. On the
26th day of March, 1776, the inhabitants of South
Carolina became a people; they then bccame
vested with sovereignty; they then asserted their
right to self-government. They have been a very
troublesome people. The first quarrel that thoy
got into was on the subjcctof the tariff, and it hap-
pened to be with his sacred Majesty, George 111,
"King of Great Britain, Ireland, and France,
and Defender of the Faith," and they say as the
first grievance:
" Whereas the British Parliament, claiming of late years
a right to bind the Noith Ameiican colonies by law, in all
case** whatsoever, have cnacted statutes Cor raising a rev-
enue In those colonies, and disposing of such revenue as
they thought proper, without the consent and against the
will of 1I10 colonists j and whe.icas il appearing to them
that (thoy not being represented m Parliament) such claim
was altogether unconstitutional, and, if admitted, would
at once reduce them from the rank of fiectnen to a state of
the most abject slavery."
Here was a general bill of indictment against
the British Government for interfering with the
rights of all the. colonics. Now, it is claimcd that
the people of South Carolina have no right to
complain of any aggressions, except those that
arc committed upon themselves; and their dissat-
isfaction with your property stealing upon the
border of these border States is regarded as an
impertinent interference. Let us see what is the
next cause for South Carolina resuminghcrposi-
tion as one of the nations of the earth. She says:
The haiboi of Bn.-ton was blocked up; people indicted
for murder in the Massachusetts Bay may, at the will of a
Governor, bo sent for trial to any other colony, or even to
Gieat JJut.un; the ch.ntered constitution of government
in that colony it> materially altered."
Ooc of the reasons which South Carolina gave
for assuming her position as one of the nations
of the earth, and organizing a Government for
herself, was that the Boston port bill had been
passed, and that the people of Boston were im-
posed upon. That was right enough. They go
on and state another grievance:
'• The English Jaws and a fiee government, to which the
inhabitants of Quebec wen; entMled by the King's royal
p!ociatnation,are abolished, and Ficneh laws ate restored;
the Roman Catholic religion (although before tolerated ami
freely exercised there) and an absolute government are es-
tablished in that province, and its limit* extended through
a vaj-t naet of country, so as to boider 011 the tree i'rofe.^t-
ant English settlements, with design of using a whole peo-
ple, dineiing 111 joligious principles from the neighboring
colonies and subject to arbitrary power, as fit instruments
to o\er uve and subdue the colonies."
That was their third cause of grievance. An-
other was:
"Large fleets of armies have b<;en sent to America in
ordei to enforce the execution of those laws."
Another was, that
" The Governor end others, bearing the loyal commis-
sion in the colonies, have excited domestic m^urrcetions;
proclaimed fiecdorn to our servants and slaves; enticed or
stolen them fioni, and aimed them against thosr ma-stcis."
In view of the premises, they declare:
a That it is bcconie ind^pou&abl} ncce?saiy that some
mode -hould be established- by eommon concent, and for
the good of the people, the ougin and end of all govern-
ments, for icguhitmg the internal polity of this colony."
'•The Congress '—
that is, the Congress of South Carolina—
"thy Congiess being vested with powers competent foi the
