1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I03i
mvise, wherever the Government of thoITmtod States m;iy
choose to u^e the bafli<;,Saruea)!t5  steam-engine govi nor,
§10,000: Provided, The Secretary ol the Navy shall con-
sider it expedient.
Mr. BARR. I hope this amendment will not
prevail. It is sinply to indorse some man's
patent.
Mr. COX. The matter has been investigated
thoroughly m both Houses. The amendment of
the Senate cuts down the House appropriation
$15,000.
Mr. "BARR. But why give this privilege to
one man only? I presume there twenty other as
good inventions in use in the country.
Mr. COX. No, sir; this invention lias been
examined and fully approved by the Department.
Mr. BARR. There have been plenty exam-
ined, and perhaps many of them are as go&d as
this.
Mr. COX. Notatali, sir.
Mr. BARR. I move to amend the amendment,
by striking out the name of " Sargeant," and in-
serting the words, " the best;" so that the Secre-
tary of the Navy shall adopt the best steam-engine
governor. This is merely to fasten some man's
patent on the Government.
Mr. COX. There is no such object contem-
plated. I explained to the House, and shall now
explain to the committee, what this proposition
is. Tins House appropriated $25,000 for a steam-
engine governor. It went to the Senate. The
Naval Committee of the Senate examined it care-
fully, and consulted the chief engineer. This
steam-engine governor was examined by the Navy
Department and was favorably reported on. That
repoi t was sent to the House. The invention was
tested on the Pocahontas steamship, and it was
found that it worked admirably, and thai it sup-
plied a desideratum long sought for in the Navy,
The calculations made by the Naval Committee
in the Senate showed that this steam-engine gov-
ernor would save from breakage at least $1,200,000
worth of machinery in steamships. We have
thirty-seven steamships in the Navy, and in each
of them there is, on an average, $-10,000 worth of
machinery liable to breakage from not having a
marine governor. Experiment after experiment
has been tried; and finally, engineers were ap-
pointed in Philadelphia, who came on here, ex-
amined the marine governor, and reported favor-
ably upon it; which report I have here in my
desk.
The young man who has made the invention
comes from the State of Ohio, and has had many
misfortunes. His invention has been examined
by the Navy Department, by the Naval Committee
of this House, and by the Naval Committee and
Fmnnce Committee of the Senate. The Senate
cut down the appropriation to $10,000. This young
man's shop has been recently burned, and this ap-
propriation will give him a stait.
Mr. BARR. The gentleman from Ohio, him-
self, has let the cat out of the bag. He makes an
appeal to us because this man's shop has been
burned down.
Mr. COX. Not at all.
Mr. BARR. Now, I contend that there has
been but one examination of a steam-engine gov-
ernor by the Navy Department, and that was this
man, Sargeant's, while there arc a dozen at least
of such inventions in use. I hope, therefore, that
my amendment, to strike, out the name, and to
insert <h the best steam-engine governor, will be
agreed to.
Mr. CAREY. I desire to submit a few re- !
marks in regard to this matter. I was requested, i
last spring, to examine into this patent, and to m- !
quire into its character and usefulness; and there- ,
fore I have spoken to several Navy officers about j
it, and I found that they all approved highly of I
it. A trial was had, as my colleague says, and 1
a very favorable report was made of it. Since I i
have been here this session, 1 have made fuither |
inquiries, and have learned that it is far superior i
to any other marine governor that has been in- !
vented. '
Mr. HOARD. Will the gentleman state what
new principle it introduces? ;
Mr. CAREY I do not pretend to understand !
the principle on which it works. i
Mr. HOARD. It would be somewhat remark- j
able to find a new principle m marine governors, j
Mr. CAREY. But it is recommended highly j
by experienced men. !
Mr. HOARD. It is known to the committee
that there was a law passed by Congress adopt-
ing a certain safety steam-guage for use on Mis-
sissippi steamboats. That was Evans' patent,
and it turned out to be a humbug. It is no safety
steam-guage at all. This, in my opinion, is an
attempt of the same kind; and I think that the
amendment of my colleague [Mr. Bark] is en-
tirely correct. It does seem to me that no par-
ticular patent should be named.
The question was taken on Mr. Barr's amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was adopted.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment as amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to suggest that in-
asmuch as the committee has struck out the name
of the inventor, its best course now is, to disagree
to the Senate amendment. The only difficulty
between the House proposition and that of the
Senate is, that the House provision leaves the
matter open for the Secretary of the Navy, while
the Senate amendment specifies the particular in-
vention.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Ohio is
mistaken. There is another very essential dif-
ference. The House proposition appropriated
$25,000, while that of the Senate only appropriates
$10,000. Now I think we had better hold on to
that much of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; but there is this dif-
ficulty about that. If we limit the amount to
§10,000, the Secretary of the Navy may not be
able to buy the best governor at that price, and
may be compelled to buy this very one. I think
it better to leave the matter open. I presume we
will have an honest Secretary of the Navy, to
whom so much discretion may be intrusted.
Mr. COX. 1 desire to say a few words in ex-
planation of this matter, I have just procured a
memorandum of the printed reports sent to this
House from the Secretary of the Navy. Both the
Naval and the Finance Committees of the Senate
thought they ought not to subject this young man,
who made so meritorious an invention, to the risk
of coming on to Washington city and competing
here with men who are known to make combina-
tions to breakdown honest inventors. They said
that, when the model was here, when this young
man was brought on to explain it, when commit-
tees had examined it, when the chief engineerhad
reported on it and advised it, when the Secretary
of the Navy had recommended its introduction
into the Navy, they should not, in such a case, ;
subject the inventor to the trouble of coming here
and spending as much money as would be"suffi-
cient to buy the patent. The machine is peculiar
its character, and somewhat simple in plan,as
nearly all good inventions are. The old govern-
ors used in the Navy are not at all satisfactory.
This one operates by the mode of a small engine
being attached to a large one; and, aw the report
says, it controls, in a quarter of a second, every
part of the machinery of a steamboat on the ocean;
so that, in fact, a steamer running m a heavy sea,
is as much under control as if she were in smooth
water. There was a trial had of Silver's marine
engine governor, but it was unsatisfactory; and
it was rejected. This young man came on here
three yoiirs ago. The Secretary of the Navy ex-
amined the model, and directed him to place it at
the navy-yard here. It was there examined by
a board of engineeis. They would not let him
j take it away; and there it is to-day. They then
j requested him to put it on to a steamer. He went
j to Norfolk, made the machine with his own hands,
| and placed it on boaid a vessel. I have here the
1 printed report of the engineer of the Pocahontas,
I and also of the captain of that boat, stating that
! it performed its work with wonderful accuracy,
I that it was all that could be desired for that pur-
! pose.
j To gentlemen who may not understand pre-
1 ciscly the operation of this machine I will explain
' jn half a dozen words, so that it will be perfectly
; understood. We ail know that in the case of a
i propeller steamship, when the wheel is lifted out
, of the water there is no resistance to the engine
, except the mere weight of the atmosphere, and
, the wheel will instantly commence revolving at jj
j racing speed; then when the wheel comes again !'
: into the water, there is a strain upon the engine,
I which will very likely result in breakage and in
| serious damage to the steamer. I am told that
; there is a liability of loss to the Government in
these steamers to the amount of $40,000 each., on
the average,from this cause, which may be avoided
by the use of this governor. So says the report
of the chief engineer, which I have before me.
That was the conclusion of the Finance Commit-
tee in the Senate, and of the .Naval Committee in
the Senate—that j40,000worth of machinery could
be saved on each of these vessels by the applica-
tion of this steam-marine governor. Now, sir*
there are in the Navy of the United States thirty-
seven steam vessels, making, by the application
of this invention, a saving of 11,480,000, for the
mere sum of $10,000, which is proposed to pay
for this invention. I ask gentlemen if it is not a
matter of economy that we should purchase it?
Bat gentlemen ask, why not let this man go in
and compete with others, if his invention is the
best? Sir, as I have stated, he is a poor man;
and I do not desire to require him to come before
the Secretary of the Navy in competition with all
the men who may come here to oppose him, when
his invention has already been investigated, and
has met the entire approbation of the Navy De-
partment, after it has been proved beyond all
doubt that it is a valuable invention which ought
to be used in the war steamers of the Government.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am afraid I am taking
up, perhaps, more time than is necessary; but it
is a matter m which I have felt considerable in-
terest, both in respect to the advantage the Gov-
ernment will derive and in respect to this young
man. I do not believe a better-case can be pre-
sented. The gentleman across the way from Ohio
[Mr. Carey] knows more of this gentleman even
than I do. He has known him perhaps from his
youth; and has also taken a special interest in
him. Ho believes the invention is an important
one, and is not willing that he shall be required
to come here and subject himself to all the ex-
pense of going into competition with all the com-
binations that may be presented, when the value
of his invention has already been recognized by
the Department, and they ate fully satisfied with
its merits.
Mr. CAREY. I desire to say just one word.
My colleague is mistaken in supposing I have
known this young man long.
Mr. COX. I believe, on reflection,that I should
have said my other colleague [Mr. Gurley] has
been acquainted with him a long time.
Mr. CAREY. So far as I' am concerned, I
never saw him in my hfe until last spring. As I
said before, I was to a certain extent acting as
agent for him. If I have been unduly influenced
in his favoi, it has been by the officers of the
Navy, men of genius and mechanical skill, who
have all spoken very highly of the invention.
The individual himself seems to be an intelligent
and respectable man, and from what I have seen,
1 have no doubt lie is a very ingenious man. The
officers of the Navy have all spoken in the highest
terms of this governor. They all say it is better
than anything else of the kind known to them. I
have no feeling upon the subject, but I think it is
my duty to say what I know upon a question of
this kind.
Mr. HOARD. If this steam-governor is so
very valuable, as these gentlemen represent it to
be, there is certainly no danger of the Govern-
ment taking any other, if the matter is left open
to fair competition. If the gentleman from Ohio
lias not overstated its value. I am willing, for one,
to pay more than $10,000 for the use of such an
invention. I am willing to adopt the suggestion
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and leave the amount at $25,000, placing
in the Secretary of the ftTavy the discretion of
adopting the best dcvice that is presented. I think
we can afford to trust him in a matter of this
kind.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from New York is,
perhaps, not aware that this amendment leaves it
in the discretion of the Secretary of the Navy to
purchase this invention or not, as he may see
proper.
Mr. HOARD. I am aware of that.
Mr. BRANCH, i would like to ask some gen-
tleman whether the Navy Department has stated
to Congress, or to nny committee, that it is neces-
sary to buy any governor at all?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Navy Department has
requested the purchase of this particular govern-
or, as I understand; but we did not think it proper
to confine the Secretary ot the Navy to the pur-
