1036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
chase of any particular governor; because the
next Secretary may think some other is better.
We thought it was better to make the appropria-
tion, aneTleave the whole matter in the discretion
of the Secretary of the Navy. He may not see
fit to pay more than §5,000 for such a governor
as he shall decide to adopt.
Mr. BRANCH. I can very well sec that the
Secretary of the Navy, when asked which of the
governors wasbest, might say that Sargeant's was
best, or that somebody else's was best; but the
impression made upon my mind is, that under the
present circumstances, it will be well for us not
to purchase any governor at all, but to leave it
with the Navy Department, as it has heretofore
been left, to purchase the best they can find in
market. Let them try such as may be presented,
and it may be found unnecessary to purchase any
patent right. I believe they have thus far been
supplied upon this principle.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the existing law, the
Government has no right to purchase any pat-
ented article at all, unless they purchase the right
itself. It is therefore necessary to furnish the
Secretary of the Navy with the power, as well as
the means, to purchase a patented article. The
Committee of Ways and Means, however, as I
have said, thought that, while tbey were willing
to permit the Secretary to purchase some new
marine steam-governor, they did not think it
prudent to specify by law any particular patent.
Mr. BRANCH. I confess that I did notknow
of the existence of a law prohibiting the Secretary
of the Navy from purchasing a patented article.
If such a law be in existence, 1 must say that, in
my opinion, it is a very unwise law, if it is in
order to argue against a law after it has passed;
because new inventions and improvements are
being made from year to year, and they have been
especially numerous in respect to steam-engines;
and the Government should have the power to
keep up with the improvements that are being
made in respect to steam-governors, as well as
every otlun species of machinery. ! object,how-
ever, to specifying this particular invention by
law; for it may happen that, before this law shall
go into operation, some oilier invention may take
place in stfam-governors which may be more val-
uable thnn this*, and which the Government should
therefoie be able to avail itself of.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the law now. It
was enacted last wititer. The Government is
precluded from purchasing any patent or patented
article.
Mr. BRANCH. In that, state of the case, I
will not submit the amendment I designed.
The Senate amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Foi repmn of nuuuie barracks nt Charlestown, Massa-
chusetts, i5fi.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Under head uf Washington navy-yard/' insert as foi-
loW^s:
For wall on west side of yard, live hundred and foity feet
long,
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Strike out the following undei tlie head of •• Pensacola
liavy-> a.d "
" For lep-ms of a31 kinds, ,$10,000 "
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Strike out the following under head ofi( Pensacola hos-
pital
"For general repairs, $7,500 '*
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and JVlean  recommend a' concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
For the eonDletion of the chart? of the smvev of the La
Plata, $0,000. ' '
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
For leducing and preparing for printing and engraving,
under direction of Captain Cadwaladcr Rinsr?oId. of the
United States Navy, copies of the charts of all surveys and
reconnoisbanees made by him while m command of the
North Pacific surveying expedition, and of the u Coral
Archipelago," and the appioaches theieto, together with
sailing directions, reports, hydrographie and other lesuits,
and observations explanatory of the voyage, calculated to
lessen the dangers and facilitate intercom so with the East-
ern seas, China, and Japan, m accordance with the esti-
mates of Captain Ringgold, $7,700: Provided, That no
publication shall be made under and by viitue hereof, ex-
cept the same he the result of actual surveys, rcconnois-
sanees, and observations made by Captain Ringgold, or under
his personal direction aud supervision.
Mr. Q.UARLES. I hope that the amendment
of the Senate will be concurred in. it was on
my motion last winter that it was rejected. I did
not know anything about it then. I have sincc
examined it, and am satisfied that it is right and
proper, and ought to pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence, with the
change of a mere verbal inaccuracy.
The CHAIRMAN. The verbal alteration will
be made by unanimous consent.
The Senate amendment as amended was con-
curred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Foi completing the publication of the charts of the ex- j
ploration ot the North Pacilic, China sea«, and fiehring !
str.ut>, 11,07-2. 1
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Skc. 3. Jlnd be it further cnactei, That flic President uf
the United States is'hcicbv authorized to place on a ictired
lii-t anv mcdical otficor of the Navy who is now or may
1km eatter be proved to he permanently incapable, ftorn phys-
ical or menial lnfnimty, of Mather service at t-oa •, and that
the pnv ot otiicei-.M) retned shall he the leave o'-absence pay
of then )elective giadu^ as it exited puot to the pa—aire
<>i the aet ot < 'oit^ies^ to legiiiate the pa> ot the Na\v, ap
proved Juik L lM t>. j
Mr. {SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways \
and Means ireummend a concurrence in the
amend ment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Skc. 4. Jud be. it fuilhcr t'nucieJ, That .tilin
the medical eojp*. o! the Navy caused by the foiegoing sec-
tion s-liall he tilled m acoidaaee with iftabhf.hed u-ay;<-:
iVotaJc-i, The nmnberof medical officers on the actively
shall not exceed the numbei authorized by existing laws.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means lecommend a coricuirence in the
amendment.
The amendment'was concurrcd in.
Fo u Ue e n th iime n d m e n t:
Skc. 5. And he it fuilhci enacted, That the third section
of the act entitled " An act making appropi.anoim for the
legislative, execume, and judicial cvpeiiM-s of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June, 13t> 1,*' ap-
proved June \23j lt60, be, and the same i* hoiebv, i epcalcd.
evcept fai as the said tectum prohibits the puicha>*e ot
patented tiie-arms, to which the said section shall be m
torce.
The CHAIRMAN. Tin; Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to strike out these
words:
il Except so fai a-< the said section prohibits the purchase
oi' patented fire-arm^, as to which the said section shall be
m inrce "
That, sir, it is quite as important should be re-
pealed as the other portion. The War and Navy
Departments should have the right to purchase
such patented arms as they may need. I am not
a little surprised that the repeal of this part of the
act is not provided for in this amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 agree with the gentleman
fnom Maryland, bat not as to the mode he has
adopted for reaching his object. Let us non-
concur in this amendment of the Senate, and then
the committee of conference will strike out the
exception oi strike out the whole thing.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 think that there ought
not to be this unjust and mischievous restriction
upon the Secretaries of War and the Navy.
Mr. HUGHES. T withdraw my amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let the Navy and War
Departments purchase the necessary patented arti-
cles.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That the compensation
of the superintendent of the naval astronomical expedition
to Chili shall he that piovided by the act of March 3,1851,
entitled " An act making appropriations for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1832," from the 17th September, 1855, and
that the amount necessary to pay the same be, and hereby
is, appropi iated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
Mr. WINSLOW. On consultation with the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, I propose to offer the following amend-
ment as a substitute for the amendment of the
Senate:
That the Piesidentbe authorized to lestore the present
superintendeiitoftho naval astronomical expedition to Chili
to tilt' active list of the Navy, and such lank as lie would
have been entitled to it he had not been retucd : Provided,
That tile mid officer shall he entitled to the late of pay to
which lie would have been entitled tbi and during said re-
tirement and suspension tioin active fceivice, aeeo'diilg to
nis pioper lank, deducting any pay lie may Have received
during said time.
That is the difference, Mr. Chairman, between
§2,000 and $3,000.
Mr. WASI-IBURNE, of Illinois. I make the
noint of order that the amendment is not germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr SHERMAN. LieutenantGilhss was the
superintendent of the naval astronomical expedi-
tion to Chili. By the law under which he was
appointed, he was entitled to a salary of ^3,000
a year until the expedition leturned to this coun-
try. It returned in 1855. Fiom that time he sim-
ply received his pay as lieutenant. Tins amend-
ment proposes to give him full pay from 1855 to
this time. The Committee of Ways anti Means
did not think that that wjs light; because, by the
law, he was only entitled to his pay as lieutenant.
Having been retired from active service by being
detached to another service, he has lost his place
on the Navy list. We thought it right to restore
him to active service m the Navy, i think it is
a matter of justice to restore him, while I do not
think he ought to receive the salaiy of his old
appointment.
Mr. 130C0CK. I do not know much about this
matter. I would like to have some fuller inform-
ation. The statement of the gentlemanfrom Ohio
is very fair, if he is certain that his facts are cor-
rect. Permit me to say that, in all the former part
of his statement—that which relates to the com-
pensation of LieutennntGilhss—I entirely concur.
I once had this matter under my examination;and
having given it a thorough examination, I came
to the conclusion that the agreement of the Navy
Deportment to give him a salary of $3,000 was
only intended to extend through the period of
time when he was actually in the servn e, engaged
m the duties of tins astronomical expedition. So
far, I agree with the gentleman from Ohio.
In regard to the other branch of his statement,
I do not know that i can agree, with him, without
farther information. As i understand him, the
naval retiring board, winch sat some years ago, and
whose proceedings have figured somewhat m tins
House, retired Lieutenant Gilhss, among other
gentlemen. I do not know that they ever assigned,
as a reason, that he had been sent off upon this
astronomical expedition. I do not know that they
ever gave any paiticular reason for their action.
They were authorized, under the law, to look to
all the qualifications of those officers. They de-
cided, in view of all the circumstances, that Lieu-
tenant Gilhss ought to he retired. Now, though
various opportunities have been given heretofore to
the President to restore this gentleman, yet it would
seem that efforts have never been made, or if made,
nevcrwcre successful, to restore Lieutenant Gilhss
to the service: and now we are asked to k^sia:--
him hack into the Navy, without any information
wliatevei that the causes for which he was retired
were not sufficient causes, and without any infor-
mation that he is a fit and proper person to be
restored.
Mr. SHERM AN, The amendment, as I under-
