I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
should also be an electoral district, and bo entitled every
foui years to choose one presidential clector; awlthatcach
State should be entitled to choose two presidential electors
on general ticket.
By Mr. JOHN COCHRANE:
Whereas a conflict of opinion dangcious to The pcaee
and permanence of the Union has ausen concerning the
true intent and meaning ot the Constitution ot the United
Slates.in relation to thesubjcctot At'riean slavery: Theie-
foie,
Resolved ly the Senate and House of Representatives, <§*c.,
(two thud:* of both Houses, coucumng,) That the follow-
ing articles he proposed as amendments to the Constitu-
tion ot the United States; which, when ratified by con-
ventions m three fourths of the several States, shall be
valid as part's ot said Constitution, vjz :
Art. —. In all territoty of the United States lying north
of «8>0 3d' north latitude, and not included within the lim-
its of any uf the existing States, slavery and involuntary
setvitudc, exeept in punishment ot ciune, shall be. and are
heieby, ptoijJjU< d: Provided, That the said territory, or
any portion ot the same, when admitted as a State, shall
be received into the Union with or without slavery, as its
constitution may prescribe at the time ot its admission.
Art. —. In all territoiy of the United States lying south
of 3(5* 31V north latitude, not included within the limits of
any existing State, neither Congress"nor any territorial gov-
ernment shall pass any law pioiiibiting or impairing the
estiibiisnnicnt ot slavery: Provided always, lliat the said
Territory, or any pan ot the s-ame, when admitted as a
State, shall he leeeivod into the Union with or without
fclaveiy, as its constitution may prescribe at the tune of
admission.
Art. —. Congress s-hali pass no law prohibiting or m-
terfeung with the uude in slaves between the several
slavehoidnig States and Temtoiies.
Art —. The migration oi imposition of f-Iaves into the
United States oi any ot the Temtoiies thereof, ftoin any
foreign countiy, is hereby piolnbited.
Art. — No pel son heui to seivieu or labor i«i any 5?tate
oi i'i anyTeriitoiy of the United States, under the laws
thereof. escaping into any other Slate or Teuitory ot the
United States, shall, m consequence ot any law or regula-
tion therein, be chsclnuicd from such service or labor, but
* shall he deiive.ed upon claim of the party to whom such
seivice oi labor may be due.
Aut. —. The i iglit ot transit tlnough and temporaryso-
journ in the scvvuil States and Temtoiies of the United
Slates, is h etc by guarantied to all tlie citizen* of these ve al
States and Teimortes; an<l their light to the possession and
contiul ol thou slaves during such tian^itasid tojouin shall
not he infringed.
Art.—. No law enacted by Congress foi the lcndition
ot fugitive slaves shall be in any degree impaired or in-
fringed by anything contained in the laws or constitution
of any Stale or'IVmtoiy; but ad such State and ten itoual
laws and ail such piovi-dons in any State or other consti-
tution shall be wholly null and void.
By Mr. SICKLES:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Iioad> be directed to hiquue into the expediency of estab-
lishing a metiopolitcin postal distnct lor the delivery ol let-
ter? and newr-papets daily, or oftener, within a cncuit of ,
twelve miles mound the City Hall, in the city of New York;
and that said committee be auihoiized to lepoit by bill oi
otherwise.
Mr. SPINNER. Is that resolution m order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks such a
resolution would not be in order under this call,
made under the resolution of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Branch.]
Mr. SICKLES. 1 thought the States were
being called generally for bills and resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The call is for a special
purpose.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope, as the resolution has
been read, it will not be objected to.
Mr. GROW. Let it be referred to the special
committee of thirty-throe. That is the order.
The SPEAKER. If objection is made, the
resolution cannot be received.
Mr. SICKLES. Objection being made, I with-
draw the resolution.
By Mr. ADRALNT:
Resolved. Tlul lliu duelrinn that Congress should inter-
vene by Iiuv e.thtM to prohibit or protect t!ie domestic in-
stitution of slavery in the Teiritorics. of this Government
should be abandoned by those political patties which hold
it; and that the doctrine ol" noil intervention by Confess
over that subject should bo adopted as a basis of compro-
mise between the Noitli and South; thoieby leaving the
whole question of sbivety in the rerutoiies to be determ-
ined by the people and laws of climate.
Resolved, Tli.it the people of any Teiritory, on applying
for admission as a State into this Union, should be admit-
ted Willi such a constitution as a majouty of the people
have adopted, provided it is republican in form, and with-
out any legurd to whesliertheir constitution permits orpro-
. inbits the domestic institution of slavery.
Resolved. That ail statutes enacted by any of the State
Lei'islatuies conflicting with, oi in violation ol, the Con-
stitution of the United States and the laws of Congress
made in purtuancc theieof, should bo repealed.
Resolved, That the fugitive slave law is constitutional
and the law Ol the bum, and as such should be respected
and obe\ ed ; anil that no obstacles should be put in the
\v,;y of it - hutliUil execution by eitliei State Legislatures
or the people.
Resolved, That a kind and fraternal spirit should be man ■
ifested by the people of one State toward thoseot another,
and that the people of each State should be permitted to
regulate their own internal affairs, without the interference
and intei meddling of those of other States.
7?p?o/rc.'7,Th«u the Constitution of the United States wa*
the result of a spiiit of conciliation.and compromise, and
that the Union of these States can alone be preserved by
the exercise of the s-ame spirit which animated the breasts of
those gieat patriots and statesmen wlio gave us that Con-
stitution and hallowed Union.
By Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania:
Resolved, That the committee ot thirty-three be in-
structed to review the peisonal liberty laws of the States,
to jiseertam which of them is m conflict with the Consti-
tution of the United State?, and to embody the result of
such investigation in their leport; and that said committee
be turthor instiucted to inquire if the fugitive -:lavc law is
not susceptible of amendment, so as to effectually prevent
kidnapping, and torendei more ccitain th£ ascertainment
of the actual condition of the fugitives.
By Mr. STEWART, of Maryland:
Wheir.ts the good people of the States of this Fcdcial
Union, from the oiigin of their colonial existence, have
been leeogmzedas distinct and scparatCjCOinThunities in
their political actions and forms of Government, and in
their relations towards each other, as the exigency seemed
to prompt, have employed various modes of association—
by a Continental Congress, by Articles of Confederation,
arid last under the present Constitution—with a view of
tormina a mor%perfect Union, still cautiously providing a
reservation of all rights not delegated, and retaining their
respective forms of State government: and wheteas these
various changes and modifications have alwavs been
effected peaceably and by voluntary consent and agree-
ment : and wheieas, m the present juncture of our affair-,
it is the dehbei.ue and settled opinion of many well-dis-
posed citizens in all of the States, that this last form of
government, by the action ol time and by the force of cir-
cumstances not foic-een by its illustrious frameis, and be-
yond tho contiol oi human agency, has ceased to answer
all the puipose* of its creation and threatens to become
deductive of some of the great objects it was intended to
accomplish, cither thtough uremcdiable pcrveisions of its
power*., or pos-ably tlnough its legitimate action; and m
otdei to check its' revolutiouaiy tendencies and provide
ieaso:ial>le salcguauls for the better security of the just
cxcici^e of its pioper functions, so a-? to perpetuate the
high aims designed by its toundeis, and still continue Us
hlcssing< ot constitutional Government to each and eveiy
State in ita reserved and Fedeiai lelations; and that to
effectuate this pnipose amendments have bccomo neces-
sary, or, if this he rendered impossible by the antagonistic
niteieststhat havesupervened, that then each State should
be formally reinvested with all its powers as a distinct and
independent nationality, and placed in a portion, by com-
mon consent, to provide /or its own secuuty as tully as if
no poweis had evei bevn delegated : and whereas we fully
recognize the gieat political truth that the soveieign people
of each State are competent to manage their own aflaits,
to oiganize, reorganize, 01 change their form of govern-
ment deliberately and without violence: and whereas a
convention of all'tiie States among the modes presciibed
by the Constitution, (and probably intended to piov<de lor
cases where general icve-ion had become nece>saiy,) by
which amendments may hi- made, if the pie^ent form of
government is to be continued: and wheica> much ap-
piehension pie vails among the good people of all (he Mau-s
that our whole s\ -teni, State and Fedeiai, mayptove a
taihne. and we think without p^t cause, and a \ery gtave
crisis has been leached in the progie&sof the Republic,
requiring tho inoat calm, piotound, and deliberate action
on the part of all the State and Federal authority, and es-
pecially of the Representatives of the people 111 Congress
a=sembled: and whereas we have good rear-on to believe
that ccitain States of the Union are about to withdraw
from its jurisdiction by all the authentic modes recognizcd
as regularity State action, alleging for caure lepeated and
peisistent % iolation-> of the compact of the Union by certain
other States, and that they aie hopeless of pre=eivmg ihe
inalienable and reserved lights ot their people, and main-
taining good and oideily government within then limits
under the existing system s and wheieas it is the part of
wisdom to aseei tain, accuiately, the cause of the^etroubier-,
and provide, if possible, an adequate remedy and f-ecurc a
continuance ot the blessings of constitutional libei ty to
ourselves and our posteiity lorevei under the present form,
ot government: and wheieas sorioiH doubts are enter-
tained whether ample and competent piovision can ho
made under the existing federation to insure to all the
States and the people thereof the lull measure ot their in-
alienable and constitutional i;ght«; and that the time has
come when other plans must he devised 10 establish jus-
tice. insutc dome-tic tranquillity, and secure the blessings
of iibeitv to tho people of all the States : and whereas, if
the latter opinion be really well lomuled, it 1^ pioper that
an amicable settlement shall ho made without uuneeessniy
delay, and an equitable adjustment of all matters between
the States sepaiating from each other, so thai each and
eveiy State and the people thereof may know their pieci-^e
duties and obligations m that event, and no justifiable
cause of di-tui banco may take place m the future, as lar
as human toicsight can guard against it; and luitherto
enable them, as they have lived so long together m the
honds of Ferlerril Union, to acquiesce peaceably in the ne-
cessity that compels them to sepai ate 1 and iurthcr to pro-
vide, 111 ca-sc ot disagreement m the future, s-oine plan, if
possible, by which the same may be speedily and fairly
adjusted: Theiefore,
Resolved, That the select committee appointed on the
President's message impute, among other things, if any
measures can be adopted to preserve in then purity the
constitutional rights of all the States within the Union ; and
if, in their judgment, thi« he impracticable, then fmtheito
inquite as to tho mo.-t reasonable and just mode by which
their right-* may be seemed 111 a state of separation, each
sovereign State, in that event, being repossessed.of Hs del-
egated authority to the Fedeiai Union, and adjusting the
relative liabilities of each, with such other mea&uies ot lair
settlement as may appear to them just; and rccommend,
also, some plan In that event, by which, in the future, if
any disputes shall arise, they may be fairly and speedily
settled.
By Mr. LEAKE:
Reiolveri, That the Constitution of the United States
oughtto be amended, so as to provide: 1. That Congress sfyall
have no power or jurisdiction over the subject of domestic
slavery, either in the States, the Tcriltories of the United
States', or the District of Columbia, or ovei the trade in slaves
in or between them, except so far as hereinafter provided.
2. That where domestic slavery may exist in any Territory
or distuct ofthc-Uuited States, it shall be the duty of Con-
syresS to protect it by adequate and efficient legislation. 3.
That no Territorial Legislature, or other territorial author-
ity, shall have power or jurisdiction over such subject. A.
That the rights of masters oi owners to their slaves, while
sojourning in, or in transitu through, any State or Territory
of the United States, shall be guaiantied and protected;
and, 5. That fugitive slaves shall he given up on demand
of their owners or masters, and that all such fugitives as
may be lost by reason ot the legislation ot any State, or the
act of its constituted authorities, shall he paid tor by such
State.
By Mr. SMITH, of Virginia:
Resolved, That the committee of thirty-three take into
consideration the policy of declaring out of the Union every
member thereof which shall, by her legislation, aim to
nullify an act of Congress.
By Mr. JENKINS:
Resolved, That the committee of one from each State,
recently appointed by this House, be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of so amending the fugitive slave law
as best to promote the rendition of fugitives underthe oper-
ation of the same, the more adequate punishment of its
infraction, and the affording proper compensation to the
owners of those who are not returned; also, to inquire
into the propriety of providing, either by constitutional
amendment or legislative enactment, lor the bettor secur-
ity of the lights of slaveholders in the common Territo-
ries of the United States; also, to inquuc what further
constitutional cheeks are demanded by a sense of self-
pieseivation on the part of slaveholding States against the
opcidtiou of the Fedeiai Government, when about to bo
administered by those wno have avowedly come into power
on the ground of hostility to their institutions, and to con-
sider whether this lact docs not of itself so isolate and
antagonize the slaveholding interest as to make it neces-
sary to its own security that its concuirent voice, sepa-
lately and distinctly given, should be requited to sanction
each and every operation ol the Fedeiai Government; and
to consider whether a dual Executive, or the division of
the Senate into two bodies, or tho making a majority of
Senators liom both the siaveliolding and noii-slaveholding
Slates neeessaiyto all action on the paitof that body, or
the creation of another advisoiy body 01 council, or what
other amendments to the Fedeiai Constitution would best
promote that result, and to report thereon.
Mr. BARKSDALE (when tho Stato of Missis-
sippi was called) said: I desire to say that if I had
been in my seat I should have voted against the
resolution creating this committee.
By Mr. COX:
Whereas one of the chief complaints on the part of the
siaveliolding States of this Confederacy is the lel'usal, neg-
lect, and failuie of certain Executives of northern States
to deliver up fugitives from justice, indicted lor treason,
murder, and slave stealing, in said slave States: Therefore,
Resolved, That the committee of tluity-thrce,fos the es-
tablishment of comity between the States, be required to
consider what, if any, fuither legislation is necessaty to
carry out the second clause ot the second section of ariiclc
four of tho Constitution of the United States, for the do-
lively of fugitives who shall tleo from justice iu one State
and be found 111 another State, on demand of the executive
aurhoritv of the State from which such fugitive tJiall have
fled ; and that «nch inquiry be made with special aim to
punish all judges, attorneys general, Executives, and other
State officeis who shall obstruct the execution of such
clause of ihe Constitution, either m respect to the delivery
of felons who may be indicted for treason or muider, or
attempted slave insurrections, or indicted lor slave stealing.
By Mr. HUTCHINS:
n.eiolved, That the select committee of thirty-three, to
which is lelened so much of the Tiesident's message as
1 elates to the state of the Union and the slavery question,
be icquested to report, first, what legislation, it any, is
nccessaiy to give full effect to section two of article tour
of the Constitution of the United States, winch provides
that u the citizens of each State shall be entitled to all the
pnvileges and immunities of the citizens in the several
Stales and, second, what legislation, if any, is neeessaiy
to secure to ail the people, whether residing 01 traveling in
any ot the States, tho lull benefitsof article four of amend-
ments to tiie Constitution of the United States, which reads
ao follows-: The right of the people to Up secure in their
p"i?on«, houses, papers, and effects, against unieasonable
searches and seizuies, shall not be Violated ; and no war-
lant shall issue but upon probable cause, supported hyoath
or affirmation, and pinticularly describing tho place to be
searched and the persons or things to be seized."
By Mr. SHERMAN: 0
Resolved, That the only true and effectual remedy for the
dissensions that now exist1)etween the several States and
the people thereof, is in the faithful observance, by the
scvcrnl States and the people thereof, of all the compro-
mises of the Constitution and of the laws made in pursu-
ance thereof.
Resolved, That tho special committee of thirty-three be
instructed to inquire whether any State, or the people
thereof, have failed to obey and enforce the obligations im-
posed by the Constitution j and if so, the remedy thercol,
