1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
stand, does not propose to restore him, but leaves
it discretionary with the President.
Mr. BOCOCK. The President has had the
power given to him to restore this man again and
again; and, sir, to be continually thrusting it upon
the President, to be continually telling him that
he lias this power, looks like a command from us
to him to restore Lieutenant Gilliss. Now, if he
has been correctly retired heretofore by the action
of the board, why is he entitled, being retired, to
pay he would have been entitled to if he had been
regularly in the service? Is that right? I know
nothing to tlie contrary but that he was correctly
retired. The probability is, that he was correctly
retired; because, if he had not been, he has had
opportunity after opportunity to petition the Pres-
ident to have his case revised,- and to get a resto-
ration. That it lias not been done is prima facic
proof that ho was not willing to risk the matter
upon such proof as ho could bring to the Presi-
dent or the Secretary of the Navy: that he was
unwilling to try the question. Now, in that state
of things, we come here and propose again to say
to the President, "You ought to icstore that
man"—for that is the effect of your action; and
without knowing whether he was correctly re-
tired, we propose to say, also, that he is entitled
to pay as if he had been in active service all the
time.
I understand my friend from Maryland, [Mr.
Harris,] sitting near me, to say that, although
there lias been opportunity given him, lie has not
made any application that his case should be ex-
amined upon proof. But he comes now,andasks
us, in effect, to legislate him back into the Navy,
and by our act oflegislation to say that he ought
never to have been retired, and that, although he ij
has been retired, we ought to go back and give |
him back pay for all the time he has been letired. ;
Mr. W1NSLOW. In the conclusion of my j
friend's remarks,he says that Lieutenant Gilliss I
asks us to do so and so. Let me say to the gen- \
tloman that Lieutenant Giiliss knows nothing j
whatever about this application.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. To begin at the ;
end of the remarks 01" my friend from Virginia, 1 |
beg leave to say, that the gentleman in question ,
did not know, until within five minutes, that it ;
was the intention of anybody whatever to press ;
this measure. It was originated and suggested by
some fiiends; and thus far ray friend should ex-
onerate Lieutenant Gilliss entirely.
Mr. BOCOCK. I did not mean to say that he
comes personally, but through his friends. What
he does by his friends he does by himself.
Mr. SPINNER.. I desire to state a fact which
is notorious to all the members of the former
House: that the law for the restoration o( certain
persons to their former rank in the Navy was
passed with special reference to the case of Lieu-
tenant Gilliss. A gieat many members voted for
it upon that particular ground. The President
neglected to recognize his claim, and left him out.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I desire to say,
in connection with this amendment, that I, my-
self, and I know a majority of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, extremely regret that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means thought it necessary to
strike out the amendment in reference to Lieuten-
ant Giliiss. As to the matter of his right to be
recognized continuously as superintendent of this
astronomical expedition, thcie has been much
discussion, but the Committee on Naval AfFans,
last session, agreed that he was entitled to the
position; that he was recognized in it distinctly
by the Secretary of the Navy. If it were neces-
sary, I could lay before the committee various
papers proving that he was recognized by the
Secretary of the Navy as continuously in this
rank. The Committee on Naval Affairs think it
is an act of simple justice, so far as the pay is
concerned. I desire gentlemen to recollect that
any pay which this gentleman has been receiving
in connection with special services, is to be de-
ducted from the pay he shall be considered as
entitled to receive if this amendment is adopted.
Bat, beyond that, while, as my friend from Vir-
ginia says, this amendment may be a reminder to
the President of the power which he has to re-
store a party, it is not to be considered as any-
thing more than permissive in its character. It
simply gives the President authority to restore
him, if, in his judgment, he thinks such restoia-
tion will inure to the benefit of the service.
I desire to say further, that this gentleman has
made 110 application for restoration under any
remedial act, because he has been upon special
service and recognized as a meritorious officer of
the Government. And it was not, perhaps, in his
power, under such circumstances, to apply for the
benefit of such action of the Government.
Mr. PHELPS. The amendment under consid-
eration is one which proposes to fix the compen-
sation of the superintendent of this astronomical
expedition to Chili at the sum of §3,000 per an-
num. The act under which the compensation of
the superintendent of the naval astronomical ex-
pedition to Chili was fixed, is the act of 1851. It
prescribes that " he shall receive the same amount
of salary as is allowed to the supeiintcndent of
the naval observatory at Washington city, while
he has been or may be 111 charge of that expedi-
tion; provided, that the payment and emoluments
of said offices shall not exceed for any one year
the sum of $3,000."
The Committee of Ways and Means have con-
strued that language to mean that, while Lieu-
tenant Gilliss was engaged in traveling to Chili,
while he remained in that country, and during
the time of his return, his salary should be §3,000
per annum; but that, after his return to this coun-
try, his compensation .should be that to which he
was entitled under the act regulating the pay of
officers of the Navy, and 110 more.
I am aware it may he said the opinion of an
Attorney General has been delivered ill favor of
the claim set up I>y the friends of Lieutenant
Giiliss, that he is entitled to §3,000 per annum as
long as he may be engaged in making the com-
putations derived from the observations taken
while 111 Chili. But, Mr. Chairman, we have had
several naval expeditions; and 1 know not when
the services pertaining to them will end. Some
twenty-odd years ago, the South seas were ex-
plored by an expedition under the command of
Commander Wilkes, and he is still assigned a
special duty connected with that expedition. _ 1
think it is time for these expeditions and in-
creased compensations to officers to cease. Lieu-
tenantGilhss has already received all the increased
compensation provided for by law when he was
appointed to the command of this expedition dur-
ing the tunc when he was engaged in it; but when
he returns to this country, and is engaged merely
in making the computations derived from the ob-
servations made under his direction'—a service
which can be performed by any professor of math-
ematics now employed in the Navy whose com-
pensation is but §1,500 a year—I think it wrong
to make him an exception, and say that, because
he was m command of the expedition that made
these astronomical observations, his pay shall be
increased above-that received by any other lieu-
tenant m the Navy of the United States. It is an
encouragement to officers of the Navy engaged in
these expeditions to delay the work assigned them
and to procrastinate the work in their charge, be-
cause they are not assigned to active duty, but
are at home with their families; and they are to
receive a larger compensation than the officer who
is in the command of his vessel or may be assigned
a duty at sea. For these reasons, as a member of
the Committee of Ways and Means, I recom-
mended a noii-concunence in the amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. HUGHES. It seems to me, Mr. Chair-
man, that the whole course of procedure towaids
Lieutenant.Gilliss, 111 reference to his status in the
Navy, has been very severe. He is a gentleman
well known throughout the country as one of great
merit 111 every way. He is a gentleman of high
scientific attainments—one who has shed almost
as much luster on the science of the country as
any man m the countiy—mferioi to \eiy few:
and he has conducted this astronomical expedi-
tion with infinite credit to himself and to the
branch 'if service to which ho belongs. I think
it would be very ha nl, indeed, it—when he returns
home, bringing with him such important results
to science—he should be cut down to the mere
pay of a lieutenant m the Navy or a professor of
mathematics.
Mr. PHELPS. Let me inquire of the gentle-
man, if Lieutenant Gilliss's duties now are any
more important than those of a lieutenant who
may be employed in the navy-yard here or in
New York'
Mr. HUGHES.. I11 many respects, I should
say they arc more important; because lie is .now
bringinguptheresultsofhise^cploratioi>s;and who
is better calculated to do that than the man who
conducted the explorations? It has always been
to me a most astonishing circumstance that this
gentleman has been retired from the Navy. My
personal acquaintance with him is very slight;
but, well known as he has been for many years,
I have never heard an aspersion cast upon him.
Now, sir, it does seem to me that the House
ought to do him justice in one form or the other-—
either concur in the amendment as it came from
the Senate, or else that suggested-by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs of the House. I care
very little which is adopted. I prefer the amend-
ment of the Naval Committee; but I would be
satisfied with the other.
I am very happy, sir, to hear that Lieutenant
Gilliss, with the modesty which belongs to true
merit, has not been here urging the adoption of
the amendment recommended by the Naval Com-
mittee to place him in a position to be restored to
the Navy by the President. He is a gentleman
who does not come about these lobbies for a pur-
pose of that kind. I believe the amendment origin-
ated with the Committee on Naval Affaire for the
purpose of doing justice to a much-injured officer
of the Navy.
The amendment to the amendment of the Sen-
ate was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was then concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
Sec. 7. Jjtndleit further enacted, That all appropriations
now or hereafter made for the preparation or publication
ot foreign hydrographic surveys, shall only be applicable to
their object upon the approval by the Sccretaiy ot the
Navv, alter a ieport from thiee competent naval offieeis to
the effect that the original data for proposed charts are such
as to justify their publication; and it is hereby made the
duty of the Secretary of the Navy to order a board of three
naval officers to examine and leport upon the said data be-
I fole he shall approve of any application of money to the
prepaiauou ot publication of said chatts or hjdiogiaphic
lesults.
Mr. Q.UARLES. I move to strike out the
words " now or," in the second lino of the
amendment, so as to make it apply to the future
only. I offer the amendment for this reason:
there are but two appropriations in this bill for
the publication of matters of this character. They
are specially designated; they are known to the
House; they arc known to the country; and there-
fore, it is useless to have a naval commission to
sit upon these appropriations which we have
made. It may be that there has been too much
looseness in the transactions in regard to the pub-
lication of charts; but we have specifically de--
termined that these charts shall be published, by
appropriations heretofore made in this very bill.
The sum asked for the publication of the charts
of Commander Ringgold is only §7,000, and thut
for the La Plata exploration only §6,000—only
§13,000 in all; so that there can be 110 great abuse
about these matters.
Mr. ALDRICH. I understand that this pro-
vision is a part and parcel of the amendments
adopted by the Senate, and was intended to apply
to the very appropriations to which the gentle-
man has referred—that none of these charts shall
be published until they have been examined by
this board. I hope the gentleman's amendment
will not prevail.
Mr. MORSE. I hope the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee will not be adopted.
There are one or two appropriations which are
applied to new objects. This amendment of the
Senate is intended to protect the Government by
providing that before any chart shall be published,
the surveyor shall lay his data and ail his facts
before a board of survey, so that they may ex-
amine it and see that it is worthy of publication.
There arc in this bill two appropriations for new
charts;and I want it understood that before these
charts can be published they shall be examined
by a board, to see whether the original surveys
and date are sufficient to justify their publication.
This is for the protection of the Government. If
officeis come forward with their surveys and data,
and are unwilling or afraid to submit them to the
examination of a competent and impartial board,
I think that would imply that they are not worth
publishing,
It is objected to this amendment that it is to
apply among others to Commander Ringgold. I
