THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
December 12,
and whether any further legislation is required to secure
such enforcement.
Resolved, That to avoid all further controversies in le-
gard to the sev.nal Territoi.es of the United States, said
committee divide said Terntories into State* of convenient
sjize, wjth a view to their prompt admission into the Union
011 an equal looting with the other States.
By Mr. BINGHAM:
Resolved, That the special committee of thirty-three re-
port to the House such additional legislation as they may
deem necessary to suppress and put down armed lebellion
against the laws and authority of the United States, to pro-
tect the pioperty thereof against unlawful seizure, and the
citizens thereuf against unlawful violence.
By Mr. MALLORY:
Resolved, That the special committee of thirty-three bo
Instructed to repoit amendments to the Constitution of the
United States, so that in all the Tomtom's of the United
States north of the line of l'G° 33'noith latitude, slaveiyor
involuntary servitude, c\cept for cutne, he piohib'ted;
that ill all tesiitory south of that line, the institution of
African slavery, as it exists at this tune in the alive States
of tins Union, may exist, and shall he piotected by the
Government of the United States. That when any Tcm-
tory shoil have attained a population sufficient to entitle it
to at least one Representative in Congiess, and not until
then, it shrill be authorized to foim a State government,
and, provided its form of government be lepublican, be
admitted into the Union on a peifcct equality with the sev-
eral States, with oi without slavery, a-* its constitution may
provide; that Congress shall be prohibited from abolish-
ing ot intei fering with the inter-State slave trade; fiom
abolishing slavery in the District of Columbia, 1:1 the arse-
nals and dock-yards of the United States, and wherever It
rnav have the power of exclusive legislation.
By Mr. STEVENSON:
Resolved, That the committee of thirty-three he in-
structed to inquiie into the expediency of amending the
fugitive slave law, hy declaring it a felony to resist the
olhecis of the United States in its execution, or to at-
tempt to rescue a fugitive who shall be in the custody of
an officer ol the United States, under the piovisions ol said
act.
By Mr. ENGLISH:
Resolved, That for the purpose of doing justice, and se-
curing peace and prosperity, the committee of Unity-three
be instiuetod to inquiie into the expediency of ptoviding
for the settlement of the piesent unfortunate and dangeious-
sectional controversy upon the following ba is: 1. 'Die
Territories of the United States to be equitably divided be-
tween the slaveholding ami non-hlaveholding section*!,
slavery to be piohibited in that portion set ap.ut for tho
non-slaveholding, and to be recognized in that poition sot
apart for the slaveholUmg section, the sr.vwis of each upon
the subj  ct of slaveiy to remain unchanged during the ter-
ritorial condition; but when the population m any poition
of the territory set apart to either section shall equal or
exceed the ratio requued for a Uepiesentative in Congiess,
and the people shall iiave formed and latified a constitution,
and asked admission into the Union as a State, *au'h State
shall be admitted with or without slaveiy, as Mich consti-
tution may prescribe. *3. The rights of propeity in slave-
in the slaveholding States, and in tho portion of the terri-
tories set apart for the slaveholding section, shall not be
destroyed or impaired by legislation in Congicss, in the
Territories or in the non-slaveholdlng Stale:-; and when-
ever a fugitive slave shallbe rescued fiom his master, or
from the proper United States officers, by reason of mob
violence oi State legislation in conflict with the Constitu-
tion or laws of the United States, or whenever a slave
shall, In like manner, he rescued from his master while in
transitu through any non-slaveholdmg State, the city, coun-
ty, or township In which such rescue U made fhii.1l be
liable to the master in double the value of the slave, iceov-
erablein the United States courts.
By Mr. KILGORE:
Resolved, That the committee to whom was refei red that
pan of the President's message which iclatcstothe pres-
ent distracted condition of the country, be requested to
inquire into the expediency of so amending the law niton
the subjcct <>f fugitives fiom labor, as to piovide: 1. That
the right of tual hy jury shall be allowed in all eases wheio
the alleged fugitive claims to he fiee, if demanded. 2. That
an appeal, or writ of error, be allowed to either p-.uty upon
just and reasonable terms. II. That m all eases wlieie the
citizens of any free or non-slaveholding State thai! aid or
assist any fugitive in escaping, or where they shall forci-
bly prevent the claimant or any officer from arresting any
fugitive, oi shall foicibly rescue any fugitive; from the cus-
tody of a claimant or any officer, either before or after tual,
full payment shall be made by the United States to the per-
son or persons to whom the fugitive owes service. 4. That
any person or persons who -hah forcibly hinder the arrest
of any such fugitive, or shall forcibly rescue any such fugi-
tive, shall be ciiminally prosecuted; and such other amend-
ments made as may be thought necessary to give public sat-
isfaction, without destroying the efficiency ot such law, or
in the least impairing the constitutional lights of any of our
citizens or inhabitants of the United States.
By Mr. HOLM AN:
1. Resolved, That the Constitution of the United States,
by which the several States of the Union are oigamzed
into one Government, is a compact founded upon good
faith between the States, of mutual and permanent obliga-
tion; and the light of a State to secede from the compact,
and to re-anne the powers surrendered in Hs adoption, is
wholly unwarranted hy the letter and spiut of its piovis-
lons.
CX Resolved, That the mutual and common intciestof the
seveial State*, in the obligations of the Constitution, ren-
ders it the imperative duty of the Federal Government to
enforce, in good laitii and with temperate firmness, the
laws enacted in pursuance ot its authoiity in all cases
where their infringement would impair the constitutional
rights of any State, or the common and reciprocal rights of
the several States.
3. Resolved, That the select committee of thirty-three
on the state of the Union he instructed to inquire whether
the acts of Congress now in foice are sufficient, in viewot
the present condition of public affairs, to piotcct the rights
of the several Slates against attempts which have been
made, and which may hereafter be made, by any State or
States to nullify the law* necessaiy to the existence of the
Confederacy, and to carry out the provisions of the Con-
stitution ; and if the laws now in force are insufiicient, it
shall be the duty of said committee to report the necessaiy
bill or bills to provide for the emergency.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I do
not rise for tho purpose of introducing; any bill
or resolution, but simply for the purpose of pre-
senting the tfcemorial of Colonel Daniel Sigler, a
very respectable and intelligent gentleman resid-
ing in my district, who makes very many good
and valuable suggestions with respect to tho vari-
ous matfors referred to the committcc of thirty-
three. I desire that it shall be received, and re-
ferred to tliat committee. [Cries Sf" Read it!"}
It is couched in respectful language. If it be the
desire of the House that it shall be read, I cer-
tainly will make no objection. ®
Mr. BRANCH. As the memorial is the ex-
pression of the opinions of only a single individ-
ual, I hope that its reading will not be insisted on.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I certainly
will not agree to its reference, unless I know what
it is.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
memorial cannot be received.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Why?
The SPEAKER. Because it docs not come
within the piovision of the resolution under which
the House is now acting.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I do not
make any objection, if the memorial be read.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the memorial will be read.
There was no objection, and the memorial was
read, as follows:
To the honorable the House of Representatives of the United
States oj A mcru.it tu Confess assembled:
The undersigned respectfully piajs voui honorable body
to pa^ a law mcoipoiating therein the followingpiovis-
10ns, to wit:
I. Inapicamblcannexedto said bill, settle hj implication
tin! question of slavery, in refeienee to the relation exist-
ing between ma&tcr and slave hy law, aiul uheie it may
be and wheie it may not be; and that the same bo forevei
excluded from concessional legislation.
Make it a crime, with liea\y penalties annexed there-
to, in accordance with the latter clausc, second section,
third aiticle of the Constitution, for any person or persons
to molest, destroy, steal, convey away, injure, or endan-
ger, by any mteifeienee, the prepeity of anothei in any
Teiritory of the United Sfates,be that piopcity of any kind
sanctioned by the laws of any State fiom winch the owner
of such propeity may have einigiated.
3. Fix a penalty punishing all persons whovoluntaiily,
oi undei covei of any lavvin any State, including all who
may claim to act m authority by the laws of Mich State,
for attempting; m any way or manner to abridge the free-
dom of r-peechoi of the ptess, defining m thefcame what
would he an abu.se oi that privilege
4. Fix a heavj penalty on any p 'ison or persons, in any
State, who may, in any mannei or foim, either voluntarily
o,- undei cover of law, in any State sanctioning the same,
rt'taidjiuteicept, Inndei, oi oppose, m any way or manner,
the faithful execution ot theJagitivc slave law.
o. Enjoin onall Government officers ofthe United States,
including the President, to see that the foregoing be faith-
fully executed.
(5. It seems to us, if such a law could be passed, that
thcie could be no complaint with the people in any State
oi Teuitoiy in this Union. The people of Massachusetts,
who are conscientious in the promotion of morals, could
go to South Carolina, and teach the slave to be obedient to
his master, and the master to do his duty to his slave; and
the South Caiohnian could go in peace to Massachusetts,
and reclaim his slave that the Yankee had piously stolen.
Tho people of Georgia would then be allowed to emigrate
into any Tcriitorv with any property they saw fit to "take
with them, sanctioned or recognized by the statute of
Geoigia. The question of slavery itselfwould be taken out
of Congress, which contingency of itself would restore
peace and harmony to the Union. Cannot South Carolina
and Massachusetts both meet on this platform? The under-
signed prays that no steps be taken to alter or amend our
present Constitution, for this is a dangerous time to try such
an experiment, a-? several States, both North and South, are
in a state of revolution; for we do not hesitate to say that
any State in this Union, through her&oveieign Legislatuie,
who have enacted laws which, if cained out, de&tioys our
national obligation5;, which, under constitutional guaran-
tees, each State m the Union owes to the otliei, is in the
height ot revolution, and disloyal to the Union of States
winle those statutes lemain on the statute-books. Cannot
oui American Congress meet on this plan or one similar
thereto, and settle the pending difficulties; orshall we suffer
oui glorious Union to be torn asunder by divisions, hatred,
and l lood>hed ? If it must be so, let that day be cursed, let it
be struck fiom the computation of time, lost to the pen of
the historian, not to be tiansimtted to the geneiations to
come, that dates that awful catastrophe, when the arms of
our American chivalry weie brought to act upon itself
Caused by what? A simple abstraction, an imaginary con-
tingency, that some year- hence, and a thousand miles from
the inhabited poition ol'our Republic, an African slavo
might be taken into fonio Tenitoi v as feared bv one or the
belligerent pjitics, or tiiat he miah* bo excluded thcicfiom
bv the antagonistical paify. Cannot this s.mple question
be adjusted by Ameucan statesmen ?
If to divide is oui fate; i'*, as a nation, with ail our com-
meicial, political, and social advantages, we are to be sev-
ered aud scattered to the four winds by the ravage of war,
on so simple an issue, the God of the universe ought to
visit us in vengeance, and serve us as lie did the fallen an-
gels who kept not their fiiat estate—reseive us in chains of
darkness into bondage fmevei. For the passage ofsueh a
law your petiuonei will ever pi ay.
DANIEL SIGLER.
Jeffersonville, December 7, 1S60.
Constitutional guarantees for the foregoing.
Sec tenth section of the aihended Constitution, reserving
the right to the people to settle slaveiy, and not delegated
to United States to do so; also, first section of the same,
gianting freedom of speech and ofthe pie^s. Latter clause
of second section, third article. Congress to place courts
out of a State to punish crime. Fouith article on reclaiming
fugitives from labor. Also, the clausc enjoining on the
Fiosident to see the laws faithfully executed; and that
which enjoins on all officers ofthe United States to take
an oath to support the Constitution. Hence no officer should
suffer it to bo violated, if he can prevent It.
Mr. NIBLACK. One of the resolutions of-
fered by my colleague [Mr. English] anticipates
some portion of the resolution which I had pre-
pared; but as it does not meet fully all the points
covered by my resolution, I will send up the one
I had prepared.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the select committee to which has been
referred so much of the Pi cedent's message as relates to the
pciilous condition of the country be instructed to inquuc
whether it be competent for Congie&s to provide by law for
the payment of the value ot fugitive slaves icscued by foice
or violence by the counties, cities or municipal districts in
which such fugitive slaves should be so lesened ; and if it
be found that Congies* possesses the power so to cnact,
then that said committee inquire into the expediency of
thus providing by law, and repoit by bill or otherwise.
By Mr. McCLERNAND:
Resolved, That the committee of thirty-three be instructed
to inquire aud report whether Congress has constitutional
powei to make the people of any paiticular State, or muni-
cipal coiporation thciem, liable to indemnify any owner of
any '•lave escaping into such State and who has been i :s-
cued fiom ughtlul custody by force or othet wfec ; and ai>o,
whether it i-s expedient to establish a special Federal pohce
foi the piupo-e of executing the Jaw4* of the United State*',
and pioinptly ^-oppressing any unlawful resistance theieof;
and aNo, whethei any luitiiei legislation is lequisite to
seeuie a prompt, certain, and full enfoicement of the guar-
antees of the Constitution, oi whether an amendment of
the Constitution b necessary for that purpose.
Ey Mr. NOELL:
Wheieas there now exists, on the part of the people of
the southern States of this Union, a well-founded appre-
hension that they no longei hold the power in the Federal
Government necessaiy to secure their peacc and the safety
of their property against the aggiossions of theFedeial Gov-
ernment, should it become the will of the people of the
northern Slates to assail them through the Fedeial Admin-
istration oi by hostile legitdation; and whereas security
and peace, held by one section at the mete will of an-
other, cannot bo safely lelied on; and whereas the great
material inteiests of tho country, in every section, are m
volved in the safety of the Union and the perpetuity ot the
Constitution on such terms as will give to evety section the
means ofprotection against the aggressions of other sec-
tions ; Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the select committee of thirty-three
be instructed to take into eonsidetation the propriety and
necessity of abolishing, by amendments to the Constitu-
tion, the office of President of the United State*., and of
establishing, in lieu thereof, an executive council, to con-
siM of three members to be elcctcd by diutncts composed
ot contiguous States as near as practicable; each member
of said council to be armed with a veto powet, such as is
now vested in the President of the United States; and if
such plan he deemed piacticabJc by said committcc, that
they lepoit to this Ilouse such details thereof as mav be
necessary to accommodate the same to the existing Con-
stitution of the United States.
Be it further resolved, 'flint said committee be also re-
quested to lake into consideration the means necessaiy (if
any can be devised) to restore the equilibrium between the
free and the slave States m the Senate ofthe United States ;
and particulaily whether this end can be accomplished by
a voluntary division on the part of some of the slave States
into two or moie States.
By Mr. IIINDMAN:
Resolved, That amendments of the Constitution of the
United States ought to be made as follows, to wit: 1. An
express recognition of the light of propeity in slaves in the
States where it now exists or may hereafter exist, and an
express denial to the Fedeial Government of all right or
power to piohilnt or restuct the trade in slaves between
the States. 2. An express lequuemeut that the Federal
Government shall protect the right ol propeity m slaves in
the Distuct ol Columbia, in all Temtories of the United
States while the teintorial condition exists, and wherever
else the Federal jurisdiction extends. S. A piovision that
every Teiritory authoiizcd by act of Couurc-i to hold a
convention, and whose eonvenfon 'hall adopt a constitu-
tion republican in foim, shall be admitted into the Union
as aState, with or without slaveiy. as it=. constitution may
prescribe. 4. A piovision that citizens of any State or
