1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wm
is now completed, to submit the result of Ins ex-
plorations to any other authority whatever.
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless debate is now ex-
hausted, I shall move that the committee rise, for
the purpose of closing debate upon this amend-
ment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I have an amend-
ment to offer to the amendment, and just two
words to say upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the gentleman will con-
fine himself to two words, I will not object; but
two words is a very short speech.
Mr. Q.uarles's amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I move to amend
by striking out the whole of the Senate amend-
ment, and inserting the following:
Jind he it fuither cnacted, That ail appropnattons now
or herealter made for the pieparation or publication of
foieicn livdiojjuphic suivev*, ^liatl only be applicable to
their objuet upon the approval by the Societal v of the Navy;
and it is heiefoy made hi** dutv to cnu-.o the ullii or 01 of-
ficers supenntendmg or prepaung -said fmeign surveys, lo
carefully tabulate the original data and elements upon which
said surveys thall he excliis-tvelv ba^od, and when com-
plete, tin* chart*, with the original data and elements, t-lmil
be Mibimtted to a competent boaid ot naval officers-, to be
selected by the Secietary ot the Navy, who shall carefully
examine them, and report accoidmgly to hun for his ap-
proval, before publication.
Mr. BARIJ. I hope the Chair will keep the
gentleman from Maryland to his agreement, and
not allow him to say more than two words.
, Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Mr. Chairman,
I might literally comply with the request of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and, in two words,say whatisnecessary; that is,
"pass this;" but, 111 consideration of what has
been said, I think, in justice to this subject, 1
should say two or three additional words. The
difficulty gentlemen are laboring under is, that wo
have had unnecessary matter published in the
way of books and charts heretofore; and they de-
sire to concur in this amendment of the Senate,
in order to cutoff such publications in tin.* future.
I agree entirely in that view; and the amendment
I send up, by way of substitute for the section,
provides, just as rigidly as gentlemen could desire,
that the Secretary of the Navy shall have all these
proposed data, before they are published, sub-
mitted to a board of officers to be appointed by
himself; and that that boaid shall examine and
report 011 the subject. It pi o\ ides that upon their
report the publication of the charts shall depend.
Such apian will guard us from any mistake here-
after in ordering unnecessary publications of this*
sort.
It goes farther. We are dealing with gentle-
men of the naval sei vice, who tire sensiti\e. espe-
cially sensitive, on what they consider profes-
sional pride and'reputation and personal honor,
I think that it is odious to gentlemen of such sen-
timents that they should be compelled, when they
return from tin expedition upon which the Gov-
ernment, having confidence in their skill, their
judgment, and their disci miination, has .sent them,
to transmit their original notes, and such crude
elements and unnrranged data to the supervision
of a board of fellow-officers whose judgment is to
be passed upon them. My substitute gives the
same protection against the publication of im-
proper matter, by providing that the data shall
first be submitted to a board to be appointed by
the Secretary of the Navy; and secondiy,in pro-
viding that the pubiudtion .shall depend upon (he
report of that board. But it does the material
thing of allowing the parties who have gone on
these expeditions to draft a. report, to tabulate and
to arrange the data upon which the icport is to be
madoj.and to present the data in a concise and
perfect form to the action of the bmftd. I say that
is just to these gentlemen; and I think that the
committee, m justice to them, ought to adopt it.
I hope my amendment will be adopted.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to strike
out the words •' now or.''
Mr. CURTIS. I oppose the amendment of my
friend from Maryland. It seems to me that it
will involve an officer in a long and expensive
preparation of notes of ins survey, and 1 am sur-
prised, indeed, that he has submitted such an |
amendment. j.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I want to say a ]|
few words upon my amendment. I presume that j!
it is in order. II
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is in
order, as an amendment of the Senate is consid-
ered as the original text, and the gentleman's
amendment is only an amendment to an amend-
ment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to present
a few considerations to the committee which have
notyet been presented on this question, and which
constitute the reason of the motion I have made.
I think, m my honest judgment, that this motion
ought to prevail. The reasons submitted by the
gentleman from Maryland are sufficient for the
alteration which he proposes to the amendment
of the Senate. I would direct the attention of the
committee to the amendment which I propose,
and which has already been discussed.
It seems, sir, by the statement of the gentle-
man from Maryland, that it would be judicious
to submit tins data to a board of officers of a su-
perior giade to those who create or furnish the
data. I would ask in response, what was the order
respecting the data furnished by Commander
Ringgold and the others referred to and provided
for in this bill? It has been this: various com-
mittees of this House—I speak certainly of one
committee, the Committee on Commerce—have
reviewed these data. Under the authority of the
Secretary of the Navy, and by his advice, we
have reported on these seveud charts constructed
upon these d^ita and elements referred to by gen-
tlemen in the course of this discussion. The Sec-
retary of the Navy, it is to be presumed, did not
give his judgment on these data and their results
without having received advice himself from gen-
tlemen who are acknowledged to be cognizant of
the matters treated of and skilled in these, calcu-
lations. Then, sir, the very force proposed by
the gentleman fi om Maryland to be given to these
examinations hereafter, is the very force which
lias been applied aheady to the cases now con-
tained in the bill. Therefore it is in respect to the
cases in the bill that this law should not apply,
while it should apply to cases hereafter to occur.
I appeal to gentlemen upon these various com-
mittees, mclusiveof the Committee on Commerce,
whether it be not the fact that they have examined
all these charts and applications for their publica-
tion, under the advice and information conveyed
to them by the Secretary of the Navy? Those
cases fall immediately within the scope of the ai-
gument of the gentleman fiom Maryland, which
i confess Ks cogent, and ought to bo exempted in
that regard fiom the application of his amend-
ment. I move, therefore, that the words " now
or" he stricken out, so that Ins amendment will
only apply to cases hereafter to occur.
Mi .'SHERMAN. I must express my surprise
timtthe fuends of any officer, naming him, should
oppose this amendment. I confess, if I had heard
tins debate, I would nothave assented to the pub-
lication of any of these charts. It seems to me
that the amendment of the Senate is perfectly
guarded. It requires the work of the officer to be
submitted to a board of his fello w-officers, selected
by the Seci etarv of the Navy. Unless Command-
er Ringgold's elutrts can bear the inspection of a
board of his fellow-officers, they ought not to be
published. F know that officer; arid I did not
dream, when I voted for this proposition, that it
was any reflection upon him. On the contrary,
the Senate propose to appropriate money to print
these charts, ;;nd they also propose this amend-
ment. I would not have voted for any of the
amendments for the printing of charts, had it not
been foi this amendment pro\iding for this exam-
ination by a bonrd of officers.
The gentleman from New York refers to the
examination of the Committee on Commerce. I
have gicat respect for the Committee on Com-
merce, and for the gentlemen who compose it; but
I do not think they are the gentlemen to whom
charts should be submitted, to decide whether they
ought to be printed. J think that they ought not
to go to any committee; but that they ought to be
decukd by a hoard of naval officers.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Did my friend
hear my amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. I did. The objection I have
to it is this: It will not apply to past charts, if I
understand it coirectly, but only to charts m the
futuie.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
that the amendment of thegeiuleman from Mary-
land applies to charts now and hereafter made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope it will'be read.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. The language is:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That all appropriations now or
hereafter made.
Mr. SHERMAN. Rut, at the same time, it is
not at all guarded as this amendment is.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. It is more
guaided. , .
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not take this amend-
ment? Why get up an issue with the Senate
upon the naval appropriation bill? There will Be
no dispute between the two bodies, unless you
get up one upon these naval charts. The Senate
have ingrafted a very good provision in this bill,
and 1 hope there will be no controversy about it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
Senate amendment will first be read, and then the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland;
and when the House has heard both, I hopethej£
will adopt the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland, as an act of justice to the party in
question.
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless this debate is ex-
hausted, I shall move that the committee rise, for
the purpose of closing debate.
The question was taken upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Joiin Cochrane to the amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
The amendment offered by Mr. Harris, of
Maryland, was not agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was then con-
curred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Sfo. 8. J2nd be it further enacted, That the pay of first
cloiks to commandants at all the nnvy-yaids shall be at the
late of $1,200 per annum, except that at California navy-
yard,which nhall be at the* Kite of $1,500 per annum ; that the
laws approved of Apul, 18o4, 4th of August, 1854, 3d
of March, 1855, and 12th of June, 1&38, increasing the pay
of clerks and otheis twenty pci cent, at the Washington
navy-yaid, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Sfc. 9. Jindbcxt further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Navy be. and he is hereby, authorized to cause to be
conducted for the United States Navy, at as earJv a day
as practicable, having due regard to efficiency and econ-
omy, «even steam screw s loop*.of-war, of the second class,
as vessels aie rated in the Navy, with full steam' power,
whose gieatei-t draught ot water &hall not exceed tourteem
feet, which sloop* shall combine the heaviest aimamont
and gieatest speed compatible with their character and
tonnage; amiibi the purpose above specified, the sum of
£l,i2()U,U00be, and the same is liereb\, appropriated out of
any mouev m the Treasury not othmvisse appropriated, to
! be expended under the direction ot the Secretary of the
' Navy.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
Mr. GARNETT obtained the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. It is time to adjourn; and
with the permission of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, I will move that the committee rise.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust we will dispose of
this bill to-night.
Mr. BURNETT. You cannot do that, unless
gentlemen desire to sit here until a late hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is important that we
should pass it to-night, because i do not see any
other time when we can take up this bill. I think
we had better sit here lute, if it is necessary.
Mr. BURNETT. I submit the motion that the
committee rise.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the chairman of the
Committer of Ways and Means does not intend
to force this bill to a vote to-night. He cannot
do it, if he remains here till bedtime. Here is a
proposition for war steamers, notoriously put
upon this bill under circumstances in our public
I affairs which must give rise to a great deal of de-
1 bate; and if the gentleman gets through with the
bill to-night, he will have to remain here until a
very late-hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. The general political con-
dition of the country is open to debate upon two
or three other measures,and there is no necessity
to enter into such debate upon this bill. If we
do not dispose of this bill to-night, I do not know
when we can reach it a<rain. It is important that
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon this
bill should go to o committee of conference at the
earliest possible moment. If the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Garnett] desires to speak of these
war supplies in connection with general political
matters, he can do so upon half a dozen other
