THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, g
———    ■«■■■ I   ■■  ■'    ilH II V ' T1: ill ilftt' ' i ill in fin . ~Q ^
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. KITES, WASHINGTON/ Br '0. - -
Thirty-Sixth Congress", 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1861.
NEwiSERigs...«.]$o.?6().;
upon, by a generous deference for misapprehen-
sion and alarm, to decide what can be made, with-
out substantive sacrifice of principle, which will
sustain patriotism in its brave struggle face to
, face, against rebellion; which will break the sway
of revolutionary leaders; which will give repose
to present troubles, without at the same time sow-
ing the seeds of greater troubles to comc.
It is natural that there should be great diver-
sity of opinion in regard to the manner in which
the present crisis is to be met. The mind is be-
wildered in seeking the means of quieting dis-
turbances which spring from diseased apprehen-
sion instead of real grievance. It is an occasion
when patriotic minds must differ, and when the
exercise of charity is the duty of all.
Mr. Speaker, the perils which surround us and
menace the Republic, if they indeed spring from
any infirmity in our Constitution, as in some de-
gree they may, are, at the same time, a historic
tribute to the greatness of our institutions. The
illustrious men who framed the Constitution, and
adjusted with a wisdom so near divine the bound-
aries of Federal and State authority, did not fore-
see the amazing energy to which the institutions
they were inaugurating was to give birth. In
less than three quarters of a century—a period
hardly to be estimated in the life of a nation—an
expansion of territory has been witnessed which
they had not anticipated in all time. The utmost
expansion of the Federal Union which they had
contemplated comprised merely the organization
into States of the then existing territory of the
nation. Nor were they without apprehension that
even this breadth of empire might be fatal to
union, and productive of discord, menacing lib-
erty itself. The wonderful progress in practical
science, by which the means of transit and com-
munication have been so singularly multiplied and
quickened, and by which old ideas of distance
have beenso nearly annihilated, and the flexibility
with which our Constitution has adapted itself to
numerous unforeseen exigencies, have removed
this apprehension, and demonstrated its adapted-
ness to a people, however widely separated, who
possess the homogeneous elements of a common
origin, language, traditions, and ideas of law.
.But the mode of governing acquisitions never
anticipated, the point where local and Federal
authority over them were severally to begin and
end, these, of course, were not prescribed; and
to that, in no inconsiderable degree, is to bo attrib-
uted the misfortune that those who never experi-
enced the disadvantages and dangers which pre-
ceded union, of which our Constitution is the fruit
and confirmation, arc called upon to settle the
troubles of to-day.
Mr. Jefferson, cluring whose administration the
first acquisition was made, entertained the opin-
ion that there was a want of constitutional power,
and paused in the midst of all advantages prom-
ised to contemplate the danger of overstepping
the strict limits of constitutional authority. But
the West, with the audacity of youth, demanded
a free outlet for her commerce through the mouths
of the Mississippi, and formidably threatened to
seize by violence from a foreign Power, if it could
not be acquired by constitutional means, the ter-
ritory that frowned upon her trade. Mr. Jeffer-
son, proud of the expansive energy of the young
empire dawning in the West, and confident of the
strength of our Federal system, for once gave
way, and the Constitution was expanded, by a
loose interpretation, to meet the emergency. Thus
the region was acquired which now comprises
the States of Louisiana, Arkansas, Missouri, and
Kansas, and some of the organized Territories.
While shutting out all extraneous lights, the
Constitution, to the student exempt from the bias
of passion or self-interest, leaves no doubt that,
in the contemplation of its framers, slavery was
regarded as a relation existing only where estab-
lished and maintained by local law, and was
meant, while thus tolerated, not to be fostered by
the Federal Government; and while cotcmpora-
neous history is luminous with corroborating
proof, yet let us not deem it after all passing
66
strange, when the Government, by acquiring ter-
ritory, seems to have outgrown its machinery,
that there should be eccentric movements and jar-
rings, and that angry controversies should arise,
such as we meet to-day. They who travel so
swiftly and audaciously the rugged path of em-
pire must expect often not to perceive the preci-
pices on the way, till they have reached their
brink.
Could the framers of the Constitution have fore-
seen the empire that was to be added to the pos-
sessions of the nation, the manner in which the
distracting subject of slavery, that now excites us,
was disposed of in the northwestern territory co-
temporaneously with the adoption of the Consti-
tution, and their recorded opinions, leave little
doubt that such distinct provisions would have
been made concerning it as would make its secu-
rity in the States repose upon some other basis
than the policy of extending it into the Territories.
But we approach the excitingsubject of slavery,
in all its aspects, under different and. less favorable
auspices. They dealt with it, under the circum-
stances which then existed, not as sentimentalists
insisting on present abolition, and thus defeating
Union, but as statesmen recognizing its existence
and furnishing it securities against external inter-
ference, but discouraging its extension by treating
it as the creature of local law. We ought to deal
with it, also, under the circumstances winch now
exist, in a practical manner suited to the exigency.
Tf angry passions are aroused, a just but not de-
gradmgforbearanee mustbeexcrcised; if adverse
views prevail, there must, within the limitof prin-
ciple at least, be the appearance of mutual conces-
sion. When the Constitution was adopted, nearly
all the States were slaveholding. The culture of a
particular staple, that now makes slavery so profit-
able, was not then known. Slavery was then
regarded as an evil—not to be removed, indeed,
otherwise than gradually and by State regulations,
but to remain within its local boundaries and qui-
etly to pass away. Now, sir, we behold it, with
a field vastly widened by the mere natural increase
of the servile race, representing enormous pecu-
niary interests, and so intimately interwoven with
the social structure and industrial policy of a great
section of the country, as to ask and to feel the
need for its security of the most explicit assur-
ances and guarantees of repose from every form
of external interference. The property over which
dominion is claimed is the most peculiar of all—
capable of escape, for it has intelligent. locomo-
tion; capable of mischief, for it has passions; in
case of escape, valueless; in case of mischievous
inclination, infinitely to be feared. It is an excep-
tional property; to cultivated nations known only
among us. The enlightened self-interest of the
Old World has discarded it; its conscience frowns
upon it. It prevents, loo, the diversification of
industrial pursuits; thus retarding the growth of
population, and producing a relative lethargy in
the midst of surrounding progress. Ail this en-
hances the apprehension of external aggression,
and makes those who are interested in it as an
institution quick to seize and to magnify every
circumstance out of which danger can arise.
A few years since, sir, it possessed not only the
guarantees with which the Constitution shielded
it against external aggression, but by the peculiar
structure of a particular branch of the legislative
department, and a dexterity on the pait of those
interested in it, in the management of political
machinery in which the busy North was wholly
unpracticed, it was dominant in political affairs.
But now, while it retains all the securities with
which the Constitution invested it, and is not men-
aced with any changes in that instrument; while
it has expanded itself over a great territory and
represents an interest of far greater magnitude
than in the early days; yet, the rival system of
free labor in the northern States, founded upon
the policy of educating, compensating, and in-
vesting with all political franchises the agents of
industry, and diversifying theiremployments, has
so increased the population of the northern States,
and their number, as to give them, whenever they
choose to exert it, the political control of (j
eminent. Nor is this relation temporary!. The
same causes which, quite in defiance of political-'
dexterity and opposition, have produced' thess.-
results, are constantly hereafter to repder that su-j
premacy more conspicuous. Ambitious men out
of power who would resort to desperate expedients,
to get in; it; ambitious men in power who fear that
these will turn them out; great leaders, aspiring;
to highest distinction, whose excesses have raad«;
them unpopular with the nation while not odious
to a particular section, have sought with infinite,
industry, and with not less skill, to avail them-t
selves of this circumstance to touch the mercu-,
rial passions of the South, and to excite alarm
and apprehension, by representing to the south-,
ern people that this political power menace? the
security of their property and- the quiet and safety;
of their domestic sanctuaries. There is no miSf.
representation to which they have not resorted,;
and there is none, it would seem, too incredible
for belief. A popular panic has thus been created—
a belief widely spread through the southern States
that their institutions are menaced, and that tlje
party coming into power designs, in some sense,
to put them under a yoke. This belief has been
expressed by violent exhibitions. States have
seceded, which have never experienced in the
Union anything but blessings; ambitious leaders
throwing themselves in front, an alarmed people
following and supporting them. Other States
threaten to go, and are merely held in restraint-
by efforts of patriotic men who have begged a
truce.
If, sir, we can, by a wise and firm moderation,
pass this transition period, and the South shall
perceive that this transfer of power does not affect
the security of her institutions, the present trou-
bles will cease. Let us then endeavor to meet
this exigency with practical good sense, rather
than stiff theories and un relaxing pride of opinion,,
and tranquillity can probably be restored without-
any sacrifice of principle.
What do the southern people want? They fear
that the Constitution does not plainly protect their
domestic relations from external aggression; and
also, that it may be amended so as to render val- *
ueless their slave property. They want a plain
and permanent guarantee that no such thing shall
be attempted or be possible. Sir, how does it
harm us to give it? The Constitution, we have
no doubt, already does so. But they entertain
apprehension that it does not explicitly enough to
furnish sure restraint. Shall we not give it in the
mostexplicit terms? Shall we not removeall ground
of alarm on that account fully and promptly, now
and- forever? The Constitution was meant to be
a plain instrument; and an amendment can do no
harm which removes a fear of lurking powers.
I shall therefore, sir, favor the submission to the
people of the amendment reported by the com-
mittee of thirty-three. And I say to our southern
friends that this will secure your peculiar institu-
tion from external interference and aggression far
better than can any race for political power with-
the non-slaveholding States.
I know, sir, that on this side of the House there
is, in the minds of some members, a great repi^g-
nance to amending the Constitution. If the ob-
ject were to change that instrument, in order to
venture upon some new experiment in the con-
duct of Government, such repugnance would be
well founded. But the purpose is to make exist-
ing provisions more plain, so as to remove ill-
founded, but anxious, apprehensions of possible
dangers, and thus to strengthen the bond of Union
which the Constitution was made to confirm.
Under circumstances similar, except that the oc-
casion was far less momentous, the Constitution
was early amended, by adding clauses, not to
change or modify the instrument, but to prevent
misconstruction of existing provisions. The ninth
and eleventh amendments' were made for that
purpose, and thus uneasiness and apprehension
were allayed by specifying in explicit words what
was before obviously implied.
It may, however, be said that we propose to
