1881.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
m*
except the verysubstance of principle. The his-
tory of mankind furnishes no instance of a nation
wliose people have enjoyed, at any period of its
history, blessings equal to those which we have
enjoyed in the present Union. The sovereigns
of the two great rival nations across the water,
catching by sympathy the ardent attachment of
their subjects for our free system of Government,
have dropped all their jealousies toward us, and
deprecate the dismemberment of the Union as a
calamity to mankind. What a spectacle do we
present! A nation in the very zenith of prosper-
ity, not debauched by vice, not enervated by lux-
ury, but in the full vigor of youth and strength,
apparently falling to pieces.
"Why, sir, we have not yet recovered from our
rejoicing that the inspiration of our example has
just rolled away the stone from the mouth of the
sepulcher of a long-buried nation, and that Italy,
radiant with freedom, has risen from the dead !
We know, sir, the passionate love of the great
Hungarian people for our institutions, and, above
all, their reverence for the name of Washington.
Long overborne by oppression, how often nave
their pulses been stirred by words from their
exiled patriots, describing the felicity and the
august progress of the country of Washington !
And now, sir, put your ear to the water, ana you
can almost hear, coming across the seas, the tramp
of those gathering legions, which, under the great
Garibaldi, (who blends the impetuosity of Napo-
leon with the disinterestedness of Washington,)
mean to tread the path we trod, by whatever sacri-
fice of blood and treasure, to an assured liberty.
Sir, has the one nation risen, and is the other
rising from the dead, only to behold the spectacle
of the dissolution of the great American Govern-
ment? No, sir; rather let us believe that, cemented
afresh by the roused loyalty and patriotism of the
people, she will resume her place in the van of the
nations marching in the path of constitutional free-
dom !
But, sir, when concessions involving no sub-
stantial sacrifice of principle ore proposed, some
gentlemen on this side of the House say: will you
compound with traitors? I answer, no, never!
I will compound with patriotic men, who have
been deceived, who have been misled, and thus
put down traitors!
Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding all the gloom
that surrounds us; notwithstanding the stars and
stripes have been superseded in two of the States
by the rattlesnake and the pelican; notwithstand-
ing the old national songs that have so often stirred
the pulses of the American soldier on the eve of
battle, and of the American citizen in foreign lands
have been proscribed and forbidden in some of the
States, I cannot but believe that, except as to two
or three of the States, we are on the eve of recon-
ciliation, reunion,and peace. All ourgrievances,
real and fictitious, are being mutually stated; all
our feelings thoroughly unbosomed; misappre-
hensions are thus being removed; emollients are
thus being applied; and weare being taught how
completely we are one, not alone in material in-
terest, but one in kindred and inspiring recollec-
tions, and one by the bonds of an uneffaced af-
fection. Those who have plotted to divide this
Union, under the pretense of redressing griev-
ances, will soon, I think, see their capital mis-
take. Right well have they seen the importance
of precipitation'—-of hurrying the Souih while yet
blind with passions, excited by foulest deception
and misapprehension, over the precipice of dis-
union. Thank God, that personal acquaintance
along the border between the citizens of slave-
holding and free States has stopped the conflagra-
tion at the southern border of Virginia, Mary-
land, and Kentucky, and they and Tennessee,
and the old North State, are yet loyal and true to
the Union. Thank God, sir, that these States
have been brought to pause and solemnly to sur-
vey the immeasurable calamities of disunion—of
affections estranged; of property escaped and ir-
reclaimable; of houses consumed by fire; of cities
sacked; of villages destroyed; of farms laid waste
on both sidoSTjf the line.; ofthoexhaustingexpense
of border fortifications and standing armies; of
fierce and bloodthirsty animosities, requiring ages
to appease and to forget. And for what? Why,
sir, that Maryland may be separated from Penn-
sylvania; that "Virginia may be severed from Penn-
sylvania and Ohio; that Kentucky may be dis-
united from Ohio and Indiana and Illinois; that i
Missouri may be torn from Illinois and Iowa.
Why, sir, the people of those free States, this very
day, feel themselves as strongly bound to Mary-
land, Virginia, Kentucky, and Missouri, by in-
terest, good-will, sympathy, and affection, as the
latter can possibly feel themselves bound to the
cotton-growing States. Sir, it is said by certain
enthusiastic persons that cotton is king! Not yet,
sir. Let me say, if cotton is ever to be king, he
will have to establish his dynasty on some other
basis than this. Cotton will be most king when
cotton is most loyal to theUnion. Letthe future
be witness of this prediction.
Mr. Speaker, I confess to peculiarfeelings when
I meditate upon the dissolution of this Union. I
have lived in a slaveholding State. On a beauti-
ful hill in Kentucky, quite within sightpf the resi-
dence of one of my colleagues, in a simple rural
family graveyard, lie the remains of my father and
mother, brothers and sister. I desire, that while
I live, at least, and while my children live, the
ashes of those who were so dear to me while
living, and whose memories are my precious in-
heritance, shall repose in my country, and not
within a foreign jurisdiction. When I would visit
their simple graves, I desire that no officer shall
question my right, and disturb me in those sol-
emn moments, by rudely demanding a passport.
How many are like me; how very many !
Mr. Speaker, the immediate cause of all the
calamities which now threaten to sever the golden
bonds which have heretofore united us, is the too
long continuance in power of a single political
party. During the period in which it has held
power, it has survived the issues which gave it
birth, and its chiefs having led it into excesses
which shook the confidence of the country, ithas
been able, by the unexampled strength of its or-
ganization, and the military fertility and precision
of its strategy, to divide, to distract, to demoralize
the opposing forces, and still to hold to the reins
of public authority. Abandoned in the northern
States by those who, in many contests, have borne
the heat and hurden of the day—sustained with
protest by the great part of those there who still
adhere to it—its day of doom seems at length to
have approached. Behold it now—
" Like some vast rock,
Which has, for unimaginable years,
Sustained itself, with terror and with toll,
Over a gulf, and with the agony
With which it clings, seems slowly coming down."
It has broken a great compact, the adoption of
which was hailed with rejoicing and wild acclaim,
from the Kennebec to the deltaof the Mississippi,
as the perpetual pledge of fraternal peace. It
has proclaimed J.he riglitof territorial self-govern-
ment; yet we have seen how long, on account of
the first fruits of its practical application, it has
refused to one hundred and fifty thousand people
the sovereign rights which it has so often con-
ceded to one-fifth of the number. It has pro-
nounced the right of the people of a Territory to
form and regulate their domestic institutions, in-
herent in the very genius of our Government and
essential to liberty itself, yet the exercise of that
right having in a single case displeased it, its
leaders have not hesitated to attack and ridicule
that right, and Us subalterns have not failed to
sneer at that class of inhabitants As a miserable
aggregation of aliens and squatters. It has run
the Government into bankruptcy, and its chiefs
have plundered it at its very Treasury. Yet, dis-
daining apology, we have seen them feted at pub-
lic dinners as patriots and public benefactors.
And now, sir, having accomplished its work of
desolation, like the licentious soldiery of Rome
returning from the provinces winch they had de-
vastated, it turns its arms against the Government
itself. When the voice of patriotism would call
it back and welcome it to its early loyalty, it ex-
claims, in its maddened pride—
"That were low indeed,
That were an ignominy and shame beneath,
This downfall."
Availing itself, in the South, of sectional jeal-
ousies, which it has done so much to inflame; of
misunderstandings, which it has done so much
to propagate; having by a system of intimida-
tion established a censorship over the press and
stifled free speech under pretense of securing the
public safety, yet menacing that safety with the
false declaration that a victorious party north de-
sires to set bondmen free, thus .frenzying appre-
hension and .stimulating, revol,tf.it ha_s5..byiittj,
rpeans, driven to madness a bravetut, misguid
people'. The bonds of society have been unloosed
•by it. It is imposing stupendous burdens, inci-
dent to formidable military preparations, upoti'a
people deluded into an appjeheilsicftrof unconsti-
tutional aggression, and of war.. And it seems4o
revel in the satisfaction that; if it may-not rifle, it
yet may ruin. , -
^ And this, feir, is, the melancholy snd of that
great party organization which, springing, first
into existence underthe auspiees^f Jefferson, and
strengthened into unexampled, vigor by the pa-
triotic purpose and indomitable resolu tioh of Jack-
son, was so long and so justly -the friend and the
idol of the people. It has experienced the com1-
mon fate of parties which have too long tasted the
fruits of power. Its death struggles are those of
a party which is held together by the cohesive
power of party discipline and love of offices instead
of the vital power of great ideas.
Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding all the'"warring
elems^its arotmd us which threaten to drive the
Government to wreck, I cannot bring myself to
despair of the Republic. Our compasS and bur
sheet-anchor yetremain. God is in history, "This
public liberty which we enjoy, won by so many
patriotic sacrifices—baptized m the blood of an il-
lustrious ancestry—shedding its copious blessings
not only upon us but upon mankind; this temple
of freedom for which ages have been gathering
the materials, wrought from principles to main-
tain and defend which illustrious men in another
hemisphere have willingly endured the block and
the scaffold, and in this have poured out their pa-
triotic blood in many battle-fields; these, sir, the
kind Providence which has so long watched over
and guided the nation, will not allow to be de-
stroyed by the sudden hand of ambitious violence.
If to-day patriotism stands appalled and madness
rules the hour, in the moment of the greatest ex-
tremity of the country, the recollections of its
immortal past, the unexampled blessings of the
present, the auspices which open up the abounding
glory of the august future of a continued Union,
shall arrest madness, shall reinspire disheartened
patriotism, shall rekindle declining hope, and urge
all hearts to a kind, a brave, an undespairing and
effectual struggle—in whatever way wisdom, seek-
ing its yet undiscovered path through sober coun-
sels and earnest invocations of Providcnee, shall
direct—-to maintain unimpaired the institutions
and Union transmitted t'o us by our fathers.
Messrs. W.ADE and BLAKE next addressed
the House. [Their speeches will be published in
the Appendix.]
And then, on motion of Mr. HUTCHINS,(at
nine o'clock and twenty-five minutes, p. m.,) the
House adjourned. 11
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 20, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gdrlev.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to dispense with
the further reading of tfie Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent. The Chair hears no objection,
and the further reading will be dispensed with.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the credentials of
Hon. Timothy 0. Howe, elected a Senator by
the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, for the
term of six years, commencing on the 4th March,
1861; which were read, and ordered to be filed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 899)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30,1862, reported
it with amendments.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution of the Sen-
ate (No. 49) to repeal the joint resolution, ap-
proved June 15,1860,forthe relief of William H.
De Groot.
BIIAS £E<30ME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
