im
THE CONGRESSIONAL? GLOBE.
February 20,
States, by Mr. Glossbrenxer, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had this day approved
and signed the following bills:
An act (S. No. 134) for the relief of James
Smith.;
An act (S. No. 225) for the relief of Annie D.
Reeves;
An act (S. No. 227) for the relief of Laura C.
Humber, widow of Charles H. Humber; and
An act (S. No. 543) to carry into effect coirven-
tions between the United States and the Repub-
lics of New Granada and Costa Rica.
SURETIES OS A. J. MITCHELL.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Mrs. Mary Mitchell, widow of A. J. Mitchell, a
purser in the Navy, praying that the securities of
her late husband may be released from the pay-
ment of a debt unjustly alleged to be due by him to
the United States, have instructed me to submit a
report, accompanied by a bill for the relief of Les-
lie Combs and Robert H. Crittenden, sureties
of the late A. J. Mitchell, purser in the United
States Navy. I am also requested to ask for the
present consideration of the bill. It will give
rise to no discussion. Mr. Mitchell was a purser
in the Navy, and receipted to his predecessor for
more provisions and stores than he had on hand,
and he was so much worked up by the disappoint-
ment that he committed suicide. A suit was in-
stituted against his sureties, and a judgment recov-
ered against them for $3,300. Ihe statement is
verified by the chief of the bureau,and the bill for
the relief hits been reported unanimously.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 5G8)
for the relief of Leslie Combs and Robert H. Crit-
tenden, sureties of the late A. J. Mitchell, purser
in the United States Navy, was read twice, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to relieve Leslie Combs and Robert H
Crittenden from all liability as sureties for the late
Purser A. J. Mitchell, United States Navy, on
account of any balance found due to the United
States from Mitchell in the settlement of his ac-
counts as purser on the United States steamer
Michigan.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
daniel b. hibbard.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is n little bill on the
Calendar appropriating about eight hundred dol
lars to a man in Michigan, which -was reported
unanimously last year by the Senator from Flor-
ida [Mr. Yulee] from the Committee on the Post
Ollicc and Post Roads. I think there will be no
objection to its passage. I move that it be now
taken up and acted upon.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
5G1) for the relief of Daniel B. Hibbard was read
a second time, and considered as m Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to dircct the Postmaster
General to pay to Daniel E. Hibbard $830, in full
compensation for his services in transporting the
United States mail between the villages of St.
John's and Lyons, Michigan, under nis agree
inent with the deputy postmaster at St. John's.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
COMMODORE HIRAM PAULDING.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I ask the Senate to take
up the joint resolution authorizing Commodore
Hiram Paulding to receive a sword and a grant
of land from the Republic of Nicaragua, in order
that it may be made a special order. I do not
ask that a vote be taken on it now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (II. R. No. 59) author-
izing Commodore Hiram Pauiding to receive a
sword and a grant of land from the Republic of
Nicaragua.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. I move that it be made
the special order for Saturday next, at half past
eleven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to give notice to
the Senate that, at that time, I shall expect the
joint resolution to be taken up and acted upon.
It has passed the House of Representatives, and
appropriates no money.
, MILLS.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will ask the Senate to take
up for consideration a bill appropriating only
§500. It is a bill for the relief of Eliza B. Mills,
widow of Robert Mills; reported from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds at the
last session.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
490) for the relief of Eliza B. Mills, widow of
Robert Mills, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for the payment of $500 for services of Rob-
ert Mills,as architect, in preparing and furnishing
plans and estimates for a marine hospital at New
Orleans, and a public printing office m the city of
Washington.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
POSTAL SERVICE.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up House bill
No. 950, in relation to the postal service.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 950) in relation to the postal service was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that whenever, in the opinion of the Post-
master General, the postal service cannot be safely
continued, or the post office revenues collected, or
the postal laws maintained, or the contents of the
mails preservedin violate till delivered to the proper
address, on any post route, by reason of any in-
surrection or resistance to the laws of the United
States, he may discontinue the postal service on
such route, or any part thereof, and any post
offices thereon, till the same can be safely re-
stored, and he is to report his action to Congress.
Mr. GREEN. That bill involves a matter of
principle, and ought not to be passed in a thin
Senate, in the absence of many Senators who take
a deep interest in the subject. I move, therefore,
that it lie on the table.
Mr. WADE. I hope that will not be done. It
is an important bill, and therefore I want it con-
sidered.
Mr. KENNEDY. I ask the Senator from Ohio
to agree to pass this bill over for a few minutes,
until the Senate is more full, and allow me to pass
a little bill, on which there will be no debate.
Mr. WADE. I should be glad to accommo-
date the Senator, but I want to go on with this
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Missouri moves that the bill lie on the table.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes ten.
Mr. WADE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. LATHAM, (who at first voted " yet^.")
I change my vote. I voted as I did, because I
was not prepared to take up the bill; and I had an
amendment which I wanted to offer that I gave to
one of the members of the Post Office Committee
to lay before that committee; but it was over-
looked, and the bill was acted upon when he was
not present, he being in another committee. I
vote " nay." I am as ready to act on this bill
now, as at any other time.
The result was announced—yeas 14, nays 23;
as follows:
YKA£—Messrs. Biqior, Brags, Bright, Douglas, Green,
Hemphill, Johnson of Aikansas^ Kennedy, Lime, Nichol-
son, IVarcc. Rice, Sebastian, and Thomson—14.
NAV^—Meal's. Anthony, Baker, Bmgtjani, Cameron,
Chandler, Claik, floolittlo, Duikcp, Fessenden, Foot,
Crimes, Haie, King, Latham, Morrill, Seward, Simmons,
Kumnfi, Ten Byck, Tiumbuli, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wilson--23.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the table.
The bill was reported to the Senate; and the
question was stated to be, " Shall the bill be read
a third time?"
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 votod to laythe bill on the
table, not with reference to its merits, but because
I did notwish to take up the whole morning hour
with this measure, to the exclusion of the busi-
ness that now conies up regularly. I am inclined
to favor the passage of the bill; and think I shall
vote for it. It strikes me that it is rather a peace
measure than otherwise.
Mr. WADE. Certainly it is.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It seems to me to vest a
conservative power in the Department which may
be exercised for the promotion of peace; it cer-
tainly cannot be exercised aggrfi'ssivel y; at least
1 think it will not ba. Unless I see some objec-
tion to the bill, I shall vote for it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I shouldlike to hear a reason
given for changing the present law. I understand
that the present law allows the Postmaster Gen-
eral, at his discretion, to discontinue the postal
service on any route, by paying one month's ad-
ditional compensation. Does this bill propose to
pay any more, or does it propose to pay anything?
Mr. WADE. It does not say anything about
that; but, in answer to the Senator, I will state
that the best lawyers of the Senate, perhaps, that
have had this matter under consideration, enter-
tain some doubts with regard to the power of the
Postmaster General now to discontinue the ser-
vice throughout a State, or for the causes assigned
in this bill. There are doubts about it. Perhaps
the general opinion has heretofore been that he
had that power; but, on a close investigation, I
am told that in the committee of the other House
there was a diversity of opinion;"and to render so
important a matter certain, it was thought that a
bill should be passed on the subject. I do not
want to go into the discussion of the question
whether the present law does clearly and abso-
lutely give this power or not; because it is easier
to pass this bill, and make that certain about
which there are doubts entertained, than to leave
it as it is.
Mr. GREEN. I move to amend the bill by
adding these words:
And also that the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to suspend any effort to collect revenue in any such States.
I think we ought to meet this question and pass
judgment upon it, not by indirection, but by com-
ing up squarely to the mark. If we intend to with-
hold postal accommodations from these States, we
ought, it seems to me, to withhold all efforts to
collect revenue from them. We need not call
them insurrectionists. That is a distinct term,
importing a different idea entirely. These States
are in the Union, or they are out of the Union.
If theyare in the Union, and do not interrupt the
passage of the mails, why permit the Postmaster
General to withhold postal accommodation from
them? If they are out of the Union, you have a
right to stop your mail at their border; but you
would also be bound to prevent any attempt to
collect the revenue. This amendment simply ex-
presses my idea; and I will not consume time by
making a speech on it. I move the amendment
which I have indicated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
be good enough to restate his amendment?
Mr. GREEN. To add the words;
And also that the Secretary of the Tieasury be directed
to suspend all efforts to collect the revenue in any of the
said States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suggest to the Senator from
Missouri that there are no States mentioned be-
fore. He ought to use the words, " seceding
States," if that is what he means.
Mr. GREEN I will alter it in that way.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think the Senator from
Missouri would attain his object better by meet-
ing that question on a bill to which it would be
pertinent. This is not a direction to discontinue
the mails anywhere. It is not a direction that
the mails shall be discontinued m the States which
have seceded, ltis simply a discretionary power
vested in the President of the United States, or
the Postmaster General, under his direction, to
suspend the carrying of the mails on those routes
where he shall find obstructions. He may carry
the mails in the States that have seceded, where
there is no obstruction. They are thus carried
now; but unless he suspends the mail on the
routes where there are obstruction's, he must re-
move the obstructions, and thus prod uce collision.
I understand this is a proposition to authorize the
President of the United States to avoid collision,
to avoid the using of military force to put down
resistance to the carrying of the mails of the Uni-
ted States. I am willing to give him that author-
ity; and it is not compulsory; it allows th'Mnails
to be carried in South Carolina as tliey now are,
and in Georgia and those other States, except
that, if violence be interposed to obstruct the oar-
rying of the mails, he is released by this bill from
the obligation to remove the obstruction and to
carry the mails and use all the military force ne-
cessary to remove the obstructions, not as an
army, but as a posse. I understand it is giving
