1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
the Clerk—but my impression is that the bill not
only contemplates constituting this board for the
purpose of receiving claims that never were pre-
sented to the old board, whose proceedings were
to be final and conclusive, but undertakes to re-
open claims that had been rejected,and to permit
claimants to make further proofs and to present
further arguments. The decision of that tribunal
was final and conclusive by the terms of the treaty
itself. 1 will be obliged to the Clerk if he will
read that section of the bill, or if he will send it
to me, I prefer to read it myself. This is the
clause to which I refer. Claims
a Which were cither not presented to the board of com-
missioners appointed under the act of the 3d of March,
3849, or weic not adjudicated on their merits by the Mime,
and to deride thereon, according to the piovisions of the
said treaty."
Now, there is one claim—o claim for two hun-
dred and thirty ortwohundrcd and forty thousand
dollars—which will come within the scope of this
provision of the bill. A citizen of the United
States, or one who had been a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, but who had resided a long while in
Mexico, held office under that Government, and
had virtually forfeited all claim to be considered
a citizen of the United States, was expelled from
Mexico by the Government that succeeded Santa
Anna, on the ground of his having been in the
enemy's camp. He had been in Santa Anna's
camp, aud had participated in the wars of the
country He was considered a dangerous subject
by the then authoritiesofMcxico,and was exiled.
He presented a claim for over two hundred thou-
sand dollars. The board examined the claim; but
they did not consider, under the facts of the case,
whatever may have been the damages he had
suffered from the act of Mexico, that he was enti-
tled to any indemnity under the treaty. They
considered that the Government of Mexico had
acted not beyond the scope of any powerindriving
from its territories a person who was warring
against its institutions, and that person, besides,
having forfeited all claim to the protection of the
United States by having taken up arms against
it. This is one of the class of claimants who will
conic before the commission.
Mr. COLLAMKIl 1 ask the gentleman if
that same claim has not been before Congress?
Mr. SL1DELL. It has been; and it has been
before the Court of Claims. It has been bandied
about from Congress to the Court of Claims, and
it is now sought to be provided for by this bill.
It is an attempt to open the adjudication which
has been made, and which the treaty has declared
to be final and conclusive, on the ground that the
case has not been decided upon its merits, but
was decided on the question of law.
Now, Senators must not be deluded by the idea
that this is a question whether our own citizens
shall receive two hundred and thirty or two hun-
dred and forty thousand dollars, or whether it shall
be returned to Mexico; but whether this money,
which is now in the Treasury, upon which there
is no claim, morally or legally, shall be distrib-
uted as this proposed commission may think
proper.
Mr. HALE and others rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
about to remind the Senate that the hour of one
o'clock having arrived, the unfinished business of
yesterday upon which the Senate adjourned comes
up, and that is now the business before the Sen-
ate—the resolution of the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Poweli..]
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. HALE. I simply rose to say that at this
time I wanted to make a motion which I hope
will receive the assent of gentlemen from every
section of the country. I think it advisable to
make a motion to which all will agree rather than
disagree; and that is, that when the Senate ad-
journs to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not agree to
that yet. If we can pass the Treasury note bill,
I shall be willing; but if not, it will be necessary
to sit to-morrow in order to finish it.
Mr. HALE. Well, I withdraw the motion for
the present.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forjcey, its Cleric, announced that the
House had agreed to the first amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 863) to authorize
the issue of Treasury notes, and for other pur-
poses, and had agreed to the second amendment
of the Senate to the bill, with an amendment; in
which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that, by general con-
sent, this bill will be now considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objec-
tion be interposed, the Chair will consider it the
sense of the Senate to consider the bill at the pres-
ent time. The Chair hears no objection, and the
bill is before the Senate for consideration.
The Secretary read the message from the House,
as follows:
In the House of Representatives,
December 23.
Resolved, That this House concur in the fir.st amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 853) to
authorize the issue of Treasuiy notes, aud for other pur-
poses.
Resolved, That this House concur in the second amend-
ment of the Senate to the said biiJ, with the following
amendment: Strike out the following words, in line first,
of fcaid amendment, " so many of;" and in lines two, three,
and four, of said amendment, (i as may amount to a sum
not exceeding $3,000,000.55
As amended by the House of Representatives,
the fourth section wfll read as follows:
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized, with the approbation of
the President, to cause such portion of said Treasmj notes
as may be deemed expedient, to be issued by the Trcas-
uicriti payment of warrants m favor of public creditors,
oi other persons lawfully entitled to payment, who may
choose to leeeive such notes in payment at par; and the
Secretaiv of the Tieasuiv is heieby authorized, with the
approbation of the President, to issue the notes hereby
authoiizcd lo be issued, at fcuch rate of interest as may be
offered by the lowest responsible bidder or bidders, who
may agree to take the said notes at par, after public adver-
tisement oi not less than ten days in s-uch papers ns the
Piesident may direct; the said advertisement to propose to
issue such notes at par to those who may ofler to take the
same at the lowest rate of interest; but m deciding upon
those bids, no fraction shall be considered which may be
less than one fourth per centum per annum.
Mr. HUNTER. The effect of that amendment
will bo to extend the provision in regard to the
$3,000,000 to the whole sum, and I hope the Sen-
ate will concur in it. I find that it is necessary
it should be extended, in order that we maybe
able to meet all our obligations in specie: I move
that the Senate concur in the amendment of the
House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. HALE. I now renew my motion, that
when the Senate adjourn to-day, it be to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
WF.ST POINT COMMISSION.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask permission, before, pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the order of the
day, to make a report from the joint commission
instituted by Congress at its last session to in-
quire into the affairs of the Military Academy.
The commission have performed their labor, and
submit their report, with an accompanying rec-
ord, which I ask may be printed for the use of
the Senate. If it be the pleasure of the Senate to
have it referred to a committee, I shall also make
that motion; though the commission itself being
somewhat in the nature of a committee, I sup-
pose it may be considered by the Senate without
reference to any of its standing committees. Jf
no one desires its reference, I will move that the
report and accompanying papers be printed for
the use of the Senate; and 1 shall call it up for
early consideration.
The motion to print was agreed to
STATE OF THE UNION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, as modified by Mr. Powell,
on the 10th instant:
Rcsnlv.cd, That so much of the President's message as
relates to the picfcnt agitated and di^ti acted condition ot
the country, and the guevances between the slaveholding
and non-rlaveholding States, be referred to a special com-
mittee of thirteen members; and that said committee be
instructed to inquire into the piesentcondition of the coun-
try, and repoit by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, as a further j
reason for supposing that," by the Constitution of |
the United States itself, the fact is established that j
the inhabitants who reside upon that territory |
between tbo two oceans, and between the lakes ;
i up tor
v/
and the Gulf, do not compos^one single political
community, but are divided into thirty-three
separate, distinct political communities, called
States, I shall allude now to the second section
of the third article of the Constitution, which
provides that the judicial power shall extend to
all controversies—'
" Between a State and citizens of another State; between
citizens of different States."
Hero is a distinct declaration that there are
States, and every lawyer knows that a bill is
subject to demurrer in any or the Federal courts
which does not state distinctly that the parties
litigant are citizens of different States. The first
section of the fourth article declares that—
" Full faith and credit shall be given in each State to the
public act*, records, and judicial proceedings of every
other State."
The second section declares that—
" The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all priv-
ileges and immunities of citizens in the several States."
Now, is there any State constitution in which
there is a declaration that the citizens of each
county shall be entitled to the privileges and im-
munities of citizens of the different counties?
Could such phraseology bo used in this Consti-
tution unless there were different States, different
political communities, different governments, dif-
ferent nations—composing what? The Consti-
tution in its preamble declares what—the United
States. That is the form of government under
which we are living; that is the form of govern-
ment that was established by the thirteen original
States; that is the form of government between
the thirty-three present States. There is one
other clause—it is the second clause of the second
section of the fourth article:
A person charged in any State with treason, felony, or
other crime, who shall flee from justice, and be found In
another State, shall, on demand of the executive authority
of the State from which he fled, be delivered up, to be re-
moved to the State having jurisdiction of the crime."
Now. here is, in this Federal compact, a decla-
ration that treason may be committed against a
State. I ask every lawyer who has a seat in this
Chamber whether treason is a crime that can be
committed except against sovereignty ? If then,
these States are sovereign, if they are political
communities, if treason may be committed against
them, there is an end of the argument. But Xmay
be answered that treason may also be committed
against the United States. I am fully aware of
that. Treason consists 111 levying war against
the United States; and one who levies war against
the United States, being a citizen of one of those
United States, necessarily levies war against his
own State, and is therefore guilty of treason. But
while that hypothesis is perfectly consistent with
the premise which I have laid down, that the
States are sovereign, the other is directly in con-
flict with it. If the inhabitants of the United States
be one political community; if they compose a
nation; if there are no States, but all the inhabit-
ants together compose one State or nation, then
it is utterly impossible that treason can be com-
mitted against any one of these geographical divis-
ions; as impossible as that treason can be com-
mitted against a county. I really do not know
how to argue questions so plain. To my mind,
they are so conclusive that I need but to state
them and feel that argumentcould not add to their
force.
I had intended to go somewhat at length into
thisquestion; but I shall not weary the {Senate,
further. It is important now that we should
begin to understand our position and what we are
to do. It is known to every Senator upon this
floor that one of the States of this Union will,
before this day next week, cease to be one of the
United Slate:;. She will pass a solemn ordinance
before tilts day week. 1 see the Senator from
New York [Mr. King] smiles. Probably on the
other side of your face you will laugh before this
thing- is terminated. [Laughter.] Laugh on,
laugh on. Before this day next week, I nazard
the assertion that South Carolina, in convention
assembled, will hate revoked the ratification of
the treaty which makes her one of these United
States. Huv ing revoked that ratification, she will
adopt an amendment to her constitution by which
she will have vested in the government of South
Carolina all those powers which she, conjointly
with the other States, had previously exercised
through this foreign department, and in the gov-
