1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
discretionary power; ["That is all;"] and that
being the case 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois will pause.
.Mr. DOUGLAS. I have done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. 'On the motion of
the senior Senator from Kentucky, a bill was
postponed to ar.d made the special order for half
past eleven o'clock to-day; but perhaps, in the
absence of that Senator, it may be the pleasure of
the Senate to informally allow the present bill to
go on.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I only wish to suggest to
the Senator from Missouri, that he is making it
peremptory to suspend the collection of revenue
in another class of cases, and to deprive the Pres-
ident of any discretion on that point. I would
rather meet that on the bills involving that ques-
tion when they are matured and come up, as I
believe will be the case Let us meet it on a bill
presenting that isolated question.
Mr. HEMPHILL. If it is now the proper
time, I wish to offer an amendment to the bill.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
offer an amendment to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri.
Mr. HEMPHILL. This is a substitute for the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator had
better Jet the vote be first taken on the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri.
Several Senators. Let it be read.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I send up my amendment,
and ask to have it read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Strike out the whole hill, and in lieu of it insert:
WhciT'.t^ several States have withdtawn from this Union,
and the laws of the United States have no longer anyforce
therein : Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmcricain Congress assembled, That
in ail States situated as above, the I'ostma^ter General is
hereby duected to discontinue the postal service within
the limits of such States, and make arrangements with the
governments of the same for inter-postal communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the Amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri.
Mr. RICE. I wish to "call the attention of the
Senate to one point in this matter. There is no
law authorizing the President to discontinue the
mails; the only power that there is on that point
is in the contract with each and every contractor.
In every contract it is specified that the Postmas-
ter General may discontinue the service entirely,
or he may increase it or diminish it There is a
direct and positive authority; and if he cannot now
exercise that power, it must be upon the princi-
ple of vested rights. If he cannot do it, by what
authority can Congress do it?
Mr. WADE. 1 hope that this simple bill, that
has been said to be a peaceful measure, which
contemplates nothing but peace, will be suffered
to pass without involving any of the controverted
subjects that undoubtedly will come up better on
some other occasion. 1 am anxious to get it
tliiough without any unnecessary delay. We
have no time to efebate. When these other things
come up, I shall be the last man to fail to meet
them; but 1 hope they will not be brought up now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment offered by the Senator from Mis-
souri.
Mr. GREEN. I am not certain but that the
substitute proposed by the Senator from Texas
will accomplish all that I desire. It is useless for
us to try to deceive each other, and blink a ques-
tion which underlies the whole proceeding. There
is no insurrection in this Union; there is no ob-
struction to the passage of the mails within this
Union; but this is an indirect attempt to strike
at States which claim to have seceded from the
Union. That is the sole purpose of it; and why,
therefore, shall we undertake to employ terms to
deceive the public and mislead honorable citizens,
with reference to the real purpose that we have in
view? If you withhold postal accommodations
to those States, you must cease to collect revenue
from them. Revenue may be received in the shape
of postages, may be received in duties, may be
received on tonnage, and so on; and I want this
question to bo met directly, not by indirection.
Is there an insurrection in any State; and if in
any State, in what State? Is there an obstruc-
tion to the' passage of the mails freely in any State?
If there be an obstruction by way of insurrection,
the Postmaster General has no power to remove
that obstruction, as the Senator from Illinois sup-
poses. The President can suppress insurrection
in certain cases provided for in the Constitution,
when called upon by the executive authority of a
State; butlie cannotdo itofhisown option. He
can prevent invasions of his own option, and it is
his duty, under the Constitution; but if there be in-
surrection pervading in every Slate of this Union,
unless the State authorities call upon him to assist
them in suppressing it, he cannot move one finger;
much less can the Postmaster General. We had
better go back to the Constitution and understand
it as it is. The President has the power to assist
in the suppression of insurrection on demand of
the State authorities, but not without; so that
neither the Postmaster General nor the President
nor the whole Federal power can interpose, un-
less the State demands it. The real purpose here
is to strike at, by indirection, the States which are
now denominated seceding States. If you Will
strike at them, and ignore their political relations
by the passage of this bill, I demand it as a right,
that you either accept my amendment or the
amendment proposed by Ihe Senator from Texas,
which will, I think, accomplish the same thing.
[" Withdraw yours."] To accommodate Sena-
tors, I will withdraw mine, and let a direct vote
be taken on his.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Missouri having been with-
drawn, the question is on the amendment of the
Senator from Texas.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I askthatit be read again.
The Secretary again read Mr. Hemphill's
amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understand that, while
I was absent—being unavoidably detained from
the Senate this morning—the bill for the relief of
the heirs of Jean A. B. Dauterive was taken up,
and laid aside informally.
T18b VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Kentucky, that at the
hour of half past eleven—which was the hour
fixed—the Chair called up that bill; and, in the
absence of the Senator, by unanimous consent, it
was laid aside informally, to continue the present
bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. As it was laid aside
only informally, until I should come in, I hope
gentlemen will consent that it be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The action of the
Senate, the Chair thinks, was that it should be
called up after the present business is disposed of.
Does the Senator make a motion to postpone the
present business?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I make that motion;
and I hope it will be acquiesced in.
Mr. WADE. I should be very glad to agree
to that; but at tlMs stage of the 'session, in my
judgment, the public business that is pressing
upon us should have precedence over private mat-
ters; and therefore I cannot consent to the mo-
tion, but shall have to insist that we go on with
this bill until we get through with it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will not interpose the.
motion under such circumstances.
The VICE PRESIDENT Then the ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Texas to the bill before the Senate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I had prepared an amend-
ment which meets my view; but I do not know
that that will answer the purpose. I am per-
fectly willing, and, indeed, I regard it as the duty
of the Government, to withdraw all postal ser-
vice from those States which have seceded. I re-
gard them as being as completely foreign States
as Great Britain; and for the same reason that I
would not vote money out of the Treasury to
carry mails through Gieat Britain, 1 cannot vote
for keeping up the postal service there; but the
original bill is in such terms that I cannot vote
for it; and I intended to offer an amendment to
moke it read in this way:
That whenever, in the opinion of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, the postal seivice cannot be safely continued, or the
Post Office revenues collected, or the postal laws main-
tained, or the contents of the mails preseived inviolate 'till
dehveied to the proper address, on any post route hereto-
fore used, by reason of the secession of certain States, the
Postmastei General is hereby authonzed to discontinue the
postal service on such loute, or any part thereof, and any
post offices thereon, till the same can be safely restoied,
and shall report his aetion to Congress.
Instead of the words, " insurrection :«r resist-
ance," I putin," the secession of .certain States,**
I will vote for the bill in, that form. I cannot
vote for it in the present form, because! do not
think it meets the question. I agree with the
Sehator from Missouri, that there is no resistance,
as far as I know, in any of the United Slates, oil
this^ subject; .and the question we nowr have *}'
determine is, whether we shall" keep \ip: a mail
service in States which, declare that they .are- no
longer portions of the Union, and which: I.believe,
in fact, are not. If Senators hold the secession a
nullity, and that they are merely in-a. state of in-
surrection or resistance, then tjiey can vote the
other way, .but while I am perfectly willing, and
believe "it to be mv duty, to vote to stop all postal
service in those States, I cannot, vote-for the:bill
in its present phraseology.. If .the amendment
of the Senator from Texas can-Ke.voted on, and
adopted, I am satisfied with.it;-but ifc seems,to
me that the slight alteration .1 ;ha_ve proposed will
answer the purpose-, and I wili sand it up. It wil-1
be, at least, perfecting the original,bill; -his is-iij
the nature of a substitutes and Ijence my .amend- ,
ment is first in order. - . . "
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
of the Senator from Texas is, intended- as a sub-
stitute to the whole bill. The Senator from Nortli
Carolina moves an amendment to the original
bill, with a view to perfect it. ,,That is the first
question in order. . «
Mr. FITCH. The.amendment of Jhe Senator
from North Carolina is open to tjie same sort of
criticism which .could have, been applied to ,-ths
original bill. I seethe force of his objection,and
propose to obviate it by moving two amendmentsi
with a view of perfecting, in my judgment .at
least, the original bill, before a vote is taken on th<?
substitute offered by the Senator from Texas. I
desire, in the first .place, to strike out from the
fifth line the words, " or the postal laws main?
tained." With these words in the bill, the in-
coming Postmaster General and the Administra-
tion generally would seem to have it in their power
to use force; indeed they would have it plainly iij
their power to use force to maintain the postal laws,
before discontinuing these routes; and only in the
event of a failu re .to enforce the laws by that jtnfeans,
would they discontinue the mail service. Again;
the words objected to by the Senator from North
Carolina, I think, should be stricken from the bill,
"any insurrection or resistance to;" but instead
of substituting the words .which he suggests-,
which appear to recognize secession; and to avoid
that difficulty, I propose simply to insert, "•& re-
fusal to acknowledge." That obviates all diffi-
culty on.the subject of recognizing insurrection or
secession, while, at the same time it appears, by
striking out the first words I have suggested in the
fifth line, not to contemplate on the part of Con-
gress, in directing a discontinuing of these post
routes, the use of any force by the incoming Ad-
ministration, in lieu of first endeavoring to admin-
ister the postal laws.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
offer that as an amendment to the amendment.
JVIr. FITCH. ,1 offerthe first, which precedes
the amendment offered by the Senator from North
Carolina; and in the eventof the adoption of that,
if he does not accede to my suggestion, I shall
offer my next amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Indiana, that it seems
to him the first amendment is in 110 way con-
nected with the amendment of the Senator from
North Carolina.
Mr. FITCH. No, sir. I offer it as a distinct
amendment, to strike out in the fifth line the words
" or the postal laws maintained." •
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be in order
after the present amendment shall be dijposed of.
Mr. CLINGMAN. So that we get at the facts,
I do not care about the phraseology. I desire that
the bill shall pass; and if I understand aright the
language proposed by the Senator from Indiana,
I will withdraw my amendment, if his will be
more acceptable. , I hope that his may,be stated
again, so that I may understand it.
Mr.FITCH I offermyfirstamendment, strik-
ing out in the fifth line the words " or the postal
laws maintained."
Mr. MASON. This bill has passed the House
of Representatives, and it is a declaration on the
part of that House of the existing lelations be-
