1046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
tween the States that have left the Onion and
those that remain under the present Confedera-
tion. There is a distinct declaration on the part
of the House of Representatives of the relation
now existing between the confederated States and
the United States, and that relation is, that the
people there arc in a state of insurrection, and are
resisting the laws of the United States. Now, if
that be true, the Constitution of the United States
and the existing laws point out the remedy. If
there are any portion of the people of the United
States resisting the laws of the United States
■within the Union, the law of 1795 and the law of
1807 point out the remedies under the Constitu-
tion. This bill proposes a new remedy, by way
of suspending, and suspendingby implication, the
Federal courts within ihose States in regard to the
post office system; but the bill itself recognizes as
the relation between those States that have con-
federated and the remaining United States, as one
where the people there are only in a state of in-
surrection and insubordination to the laws of the
United States.
Mr. President, I trust that the Senate of the
United States willlook upon this question, as it is—
one of the most grave that has ever arisen in the
country; and if it is to be determined in this ap-
parently collateral or incidental manner, it will
not be determined without great deliberation.
Words, sir, in this sense at least, are not things.
Senators may, if they please, declare that there
is no such thing as a separation, that there is no
such thing as an existing independent govern-
ment formed out of States that once constituted
parts of this Government; but when they do so,
they do it in the face of facts that declare to the
contrary. We have not yet been officially in-
formed; but I apprehend we shall be very soon
officially informed, by a public functionary sent
from that confederation to this, to state the fact
and to develop the relations resulting from that
fact, and to ask that they may be amicably ar-
ranged and adjusted. What reception that mis-
sion may meet with, it is not for me now to pre-
dict; but 1 know this, none can mistake it, who
, are not either willingly or tyrannically blind to
the existing state of things: that several million
people, organized as separate and distinct polit-
ical communities in their States, have, by the
most solemn act of their people assembled to-
gether, declared a separation from this Confed-
eracy, and n final one; not one made upon condi-
tions or contingencies, or even infuturo, but a
fact accomplished-—a final act on their part.
They have done more: they have met in a con-
gress of sovereign powers, and are now in session
in one of those States—the State of Alabama—
and, with plenary powers given to the members
of that congress by these States, they have pro-
ceeded to organize a government, and that gov-
ernment is now in process of complete organiza-
tion. They have taken the first step; they have
established an executive head; thoy have adopted
a perfect confederation, adopting that system of
government that they had recently abandoned—
adopting it as their separate act. They have a
congress in session, with all the powers that we
possess: the power to establish armies and navies
and public credit; the power to tax their people,
and command the whole resources of that new
empire. That being the state of things here, this
bill from the House of Representatives speaks of
it as an insurrection, or resistance to la%vs, which
laws they have utterly abrogated.
Now, Mr. President, if the bill passes the Sen-
ate in this form, it will be as the deliberate sense
of Congress that there is no independent govern-
ment consisting of States that formerly belonged
to tins Government; that there is no such thing as
a new empire under the title which they have re-
cently assumed; that there is no part of that which
once constituted the United States that is no longer
a^pni t of tlie United States, it assumes that the
Federal Government is just as potential within
the limitsof those States as it was twelvemonths
a^o. It assumes that the whole machinery of this
Government is m operation within the limits of
those States now, and competent to execute and
to enforce the laws. It assumes, in other words,
as facis upon which legislation is to rest, those
which have no existence but in the chimerical
brain of the visionary. Sir, there are no Federal
laws I mean laws of the United States—now in I
opeiation in one of those States. Theie are no I
Federal officers there—riot fine. The Post Office
Department, as I understand, occupies a very
equivocal relation, adopted for the convenience of
those States that have abandoned the Union; and
so far, without any act disaffirming it on the part
of those States—a mere temporary arrangement
until some other is made; but there is no Federal'
law under the sanction of any power here now
existing in one of those States. Yet, this bill as-
sumes, as the .existing relation between the two
separate countries, that the people of one are in a
state of insurrection or rebellion.
Mr. President, we have had some experience
heretofore in the early annals of this countny upon
such a policy as this. For seven long years after
these colonies had confederated under the Arti-
cles of Confederation, after tbey were exercising
the powers of government de facto, after they had
been recognized by one of the chief of the Eu-
ropean authorities—France—the Government of
Great Britain still spoke of them as rebels, and
had fleets and armies here to enforce laws that
had no existence. They fought through a war of
seven years, not to create the separation, but to
establish it as a fact in the history of nations and
the history of the world. Now, who doubts, who
is there that is bold and rash enough to doubt, if
this is the relation declared between these confed-
erated States and the United States as the politi-
cal relation between them, that we shall have pre-
cisely the same war, and that at the earliest day ?
I am not going into the policy of that separa-
tion. We shall have that in due time; but 1 ear-
nestly entreat all of my colleagues around me,
north and south, who have not made up their
minds to the necessity of a war—a war in the
worst form that war can assume—to pause before
they vote for this bill in its presentform, and es-
tablish as the policy of this Government the policy
it establishes. Sir, it is far easier to institute a
policy than to go back from it. This is the first
step, the first measure to be matured in Congress,
now declaring, as the sense of Congress, what is
the political relation of the North and SoutH; and
if it is established, bitter and bitter will be the
recollections of those who have participated in it,
and their posterity after them, for years on years.
I do not know, sir—none know—what are to be
the future relations between the two confederacies.
We are upon the eve of anew Administration—an
Administration that has been brought into power
upon a new policy, by the constituents of that
Administration—I mean those who voted to bring
it in. That policy was ordained and carried out,
so far as the election carried it out, before this
state of things had arisen. When the election
took place, which declared as the sense of a ma-
jority of the people in the several States that the
policy of this Government should bo changed
upon the gieat issue that has divided the North
and the South—the slave question—it was made
at a time when this Union consisted of thirty-three
States, all of them in obedience to the Federal
power, none denying it; when the Federal laws
really wore operating within the limits of all the
States. Things have changed since that—an im-
mense change. Six of these States, or I might
■properly say seven, have gone out; six arc in
actual confederation, and the seventh, with the
most eager haste, already committed to join them.
That they have established a government in fact,
none can deny. Whether it be a government of
right, may be a question remaining to try; but
that they have established a government in fact,
none can deny. And now. at the very outset
of this new Administration, before it has come
into power, before its policy has been divulged
under any sanction whatever, they are to hurry
through a bill of this kind, and fix" the relation in
advance.
Mr. President, it is a policy that would be cruel
and inhuman, not alone to those who were our
fellow-citizens, or to those who are our fellow-
citizens yet, but it is cruel and inhuman to the civ-
ilized world. Who.does not know that, if there
arises this internecine war on this continent,with
thirty million people in arms against each other,
embarked in a social war, it will unsettle,-as it has
already disturbed, the entire level of the civilized
world, I say, therefore, it would be cruel and in-
human, not only to those who inhabit the conti-
nent, and who are parties to the war, but to those
who are to be affected, as they must be affected,
everywhere, indirectly but necessarily.
When this is done, Mr. President, let it be done
as a grave, deliberative act, not as a mere recital
in a Post Office bill. When it is determined as the
fixed purpose of this Government to treat these
States as in insurrection and rebellion, with all
the consequences that must enter, let it be done as
a deliberative act; and then, God defend the right!
THE TARIFF.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright in
the chair.) The Senator from Virginia will allow
the Chair to announce that the hour for the special
order has arrived; and it must be taken up, unless
the Senate otherwise direct. The special order is
the unfinished business of yesterday, being the
bill (H. R. No. 338) to provide for the payment
of outstanding Treasury notes, to authorize a loan,
to regulate and fix the duties on imports, and for
other purposes.
Mr. POWELL. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to present a petition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object.
Mr. LATHAM. Before the Senate proceeds
to the consideration of this bill, I will state that
I had a bill the other day set down as the special
order for one o'clock to-day. I do not desire, of
course, to interfere with the regular proceeding
on this bill; and I will therefore ask the consent
of the Senate to allow this bill to be taken up
merely for the purpose of having it postponed to
some other day, when it will not interfere with the
public business. 9
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object; not from any
disrespect to my friend from California, but a
dozen gentlemen round me want to have business
taken up which will consume time. It can be done
just as well afterwards.
Mr. LATHAM. Then I shall wait until one
one o'clock. I wanted merely to prevent any in-
terruption, at that time, of the regular business
before the body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us proceed regularly
with the bill before us.
Mr. POWELL. If it isin order, I wish to move
an amendment to the bill under consideration.
Mr. FOOT. The bill which is now before the
Senate had just been reported previous to the
adjournment yesterday, from the Committee of
the Whole; and the first question, of course, ison
concurring in such amendments as were agreed
to in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. POWELL. If it be in order, I wish to
offer my amendment before those are considered.
Mr. FOOT. It is not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
The first question will be on concurring in the
amendments made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GWIN. Can those amendments be
amended afterwards?
Mr. FESSENDEN. As they' come up, un-
doubtedly they can be amended.
Mr. GWIN. There are so many of them that
it is utterly impossible for us to understand rhem;
and we had better have them read. There are
several of them that we ought to amend in the
Senate. It was expected that they would be
amended when the bill came into the Senate. I
suppose there arc a hundred amendments, and we
cannot recollect all of those which we would wish
to reserve. I think the best, way to get on will
be to read them all, and then letSenatois indicate
those which they desire to except or to amend.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the object of
the Senator can be accomplished—it is a very
proper one—by proceeding to take up the amend-
ments in their order. Those that are unobjec-
tionable can be passed, of course; and those that
any one wishes to take a vote on, or to amend,
can be voted upon afterwards; and when that is
tnrough, Senators can move any amendments they
desire.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read each amendment.
The first amendment was read. It was in line
six of the first section, to stiike out the word
" twenty-one," and insert " ten;" so that it will
read:
^Onthe^dit of the United States a sum not exceeding
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment just read.
Mr. KilSG. I propose to let such as are ob-
jected to be reserved, and to take a vote on all the
rest together.
