1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mi-. PESSENDEN. Let those that are not
objected to be considered as adopted by the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will proceed to read each amendment; and if ob-
jection is made, that objection will be noted, and
the amendment reserved.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary continued to read the amend-
ments. When he reached that which proposes
to strike out the fourth section, and insert a pro-
vision to allow the issue of Treasury notes in
sums of not less than §50,
Mr. HALE. Is it in order to move an amend-
ment to thatamendment before it is concurred in?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
agreed to except such amendments as were ob-
jected to.
Mr. HALE. Was this objected to ?
The PRESIDING OFFIC'ER. It is in order
for the Senator to object to it, if he_ wishes. _
Mr. HALE. I do not object to it; I am in fa-
vor of the amendment. I wanted to make a very
slight addition to it; and I think if the Senate will
hear me, they will agree to it unanimously. I
asked the chairman, and the chairman says that
the sum of $20,000 for printing the notes is to
be spent, under the same restrictions as were in-
cluded in former laws making appropriations for
Treasury notes. Under former ia%vs authorizing
Treasury notes, there has been this provision and
this restriction: "That no part of the money
hereby appropriated shall be paid to any officer
for preparing "and issuing these notes, who al-
ready receives a salary by law." That is explicit*
enough; but the money has been paid to officers
receiving a salary by law, for doing that service;
and the way the Treasury Department have got
around it, has been by taking it not out of the
money hereby appropriated, but out of some
other fund. I simply want to put that clause in,
that nothing shall be paid for preparing these
notes to any officer who receives a salary by
law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will take down the amendment proposed.
Mr. HUNTER. If that is done, it will be ne-
cessary to allow the Secretary of the Treasury to
appoint a certain number of clerks to execute that
law, or continue those in existence. I believe two
or three were allowed before. There are two or
three who were appointed originally under the
former law; and if the present clerks cannot ex-
ecute it, somebody else must.
Mr. HALE. 1 am not particular about it. If
the Senator from Virginia will listen to me, I will
state the reason for it. The provision in some of
these Treasury note bills was that no part of the
money hereby appropriated should be paid to
any person already receiving a salary by law, and
that is the restriction 1 suppose in this bill. With
that restriction, they went on and still paid of-
ficers that received a salary by law; and the way
they did it, was this: they said tiiey did not take
it out of this money, but from some other fund.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator ought to pro-
vide then that they may continue the two clerk-
ships they now have. Two clerks have been
appointed to execute the present Treasury note
law. Let him introduce some provision like that,
and then his amendment will be well enough; hut
we must have somebody to execute it.
Mr. HALE. I will not insist upon the amend-
ment; let it go.
Mr. HUNTER. I think theSenator'samend-
ment would be very well if he would allow them
to have somebody to do it. If he docs not, we
ought not to amend it unless he allows them to
continue the two clerks now employed on that
business, and pay them out of this sum, or pro-
vide that they may appoint two.clerks. It will
take at least two clerks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire can except this amend-
ment, and prepare his amendment in the mean
time.
Mr. HALE. No, sir; let it go.
The Secretary read the amendment in relation
to the duties on tea and coffee and sugar.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for a separate vote on
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be excepted.
The Secretary continued to read the amend-
ments until he reached the amendment on page 9,
line thirty-nine, to strike out the words: " on
tires for locomotives or parts thereof."
Mr. HUNTER. What is the object of striking
that out?
Mr. SIMMONS. The object Was to strike it
out there and put it on the next page, with the
duty on locomotives, where it properly belongs.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not the effect of that trans-
fer to raise the duty " on tires for locomotives qr
parts thereof?"
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir. It was put in here
by mistake; it belongs properly to the next page.
Mr. HUNTER. Whereisitproposedto trans-
fer it?
Mr. SIMMONS. To pagei ll,line eighty-one,
after the word " locomotivajr"
Mr. HUNTER. How much will that transfer
raise the duty?
Mr. SIMMONS. Half a cent a pound.
Mr. HUNTER. The only thing on which there
has been any relief in this bill to iron was that
part of the bill which reduced the duty " on tires
for locomotives or parts thereof." I believe if it
were allowed to stay there the duty would be
about 19 per cent. This bill is very hard on rail-
roads at any rate, and I do not see why this trans-
fer should be made.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will tell you why it should
be transferred. This iron sells at from 65 to 10j
cents a pound; we propose only to put lj cent a
pound on it. It is not 15 per cent.
Mr. HUNTER. As this provision now stands
in the bill, the duty on these articles, I believe, is
19 per cent.; and it seems to me the railroad in-
terest might be allowed to have that, as the rest
of the bill is very heavy on them.
Mr. SIMMONS. You may call it any per-
centage you please; but it is not 1 cent a pound
where it is printed here; and we simply propose
to make it 1| cent, which is not 15 per cent, on
the market value of the article. It is put in with
locomotives, for which it has been used. It has
been transferred by the Senate. How many times
are we to have a battle over every little matter
that has been altered ?
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask for a division on
this amendment, but I know it is not worth while.
We are voted down on everything. I will state
—and then Senators can do as they please—that,
according to the statement which I have, if this
locomotive tire-iron is allowed to remain where
it is in the bill, the duty on it will be from 14 to
17 per cent. If the Senate choose to raise it, they
can do so.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendments until he reached the one in section
twelve, line eight, to insert after the word "shall"
the words "be less than ]8 cents per pound, 5
per centum ad valoremso as to make the clause
read:
On nil wool unmanufactuied, and on all hair of the al-
paca, goat, or other like animals, unmanufactured, the
value whereof at the last poit or place from whence ex-
ported to the United States shall bo less than 18 cents per
pound, 5 per centum ad valorem.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to have that excepted.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was, in the sixth and seventh lines of
the thirteenth section, to insert the words "Brus-
sels carpets wrought by the Jacquard machine;"
and in the twelfth and thirteenth lines of the same
section, to insert the words," printed on the warp
or otherwise."
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to insert,in the fifth
line of that section, after the word " Aubusson,"
the word " Axminster." That is a kind of car-
pet not included in the section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified, unless objected to by
some Senator. The Chair hears no objection.
The amendment, as modified, was concurred in.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendments, until he reached that in section eigh-
teen , with reference to the duty 011 imported books.
Mr. SUMNER. That can be passed over.
There is a modification which I wish To have
made, with the assent of the chairman.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be excepted.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amendment
011 page 34, to insert, in the twentieth section,
among the goods paying 20 per cent, duty,
" bronze powder."
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to inquire whether
" bronze metal, in leaf, "has been inserted in page -
30, in "the 10 per cent, schedule. That is the stuff
bronze powder is made of. ' - • '
The P RESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) That amendment has not been niade.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then I move,'in .page" 30,
line thirty-five, to insert " Dutch, ana bronze
metal, in leaf." • " ; . ■
The PRESIDING OFFICER If no Objection
be made, those words will be inserted. The Chair
hears no objection. " . , " "
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to inquire'if
magazines, printed pamphlets, &c., were stricken
out tin page 31? .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The .Chair is
informed those words were not stricken'oilr.
Mr. SIMMpNS. ( They were stricken" out by
a vote of the Senate.' Those books are all putin
with the other books at 15 per cent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there bo no
objection, the .question will now be put on strik-
ing out in lines sixty, sixty-one, and sixty-two,
the following words:
" Magazines, printed pamphlets, periodicals,.illustrated
newspapers, bound or unbound, not otherwise provided
for."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. If it is-in order, I desire,
after the word " magazine," in the sixty-third
line of page 31, to move to insert the word " Pe-
ruvian bark."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can only be
done by common consent, - < "
Mr. POWELL. I suppose, there will be no
objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no objection to it;
but it is in already. There is a duty placed on
barks of all kinds, and that includes Per avian
bark.
Mr. POWELL. I ask to have it inserted. I
have received a letter from some dealers in that
article, in which they say it is not in the bill. It
will do no harm to put it in by name. ■ '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those wotda
will be added if there is no objection. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. LATHAM. I believe the hour of one
o'clock - has arrived, at which hour the bill to
which I called the attention of the Senate this
morning, was set down as the special order. - I
wish merely to'move thait.that bill be poktpdfierl
until next Friday, at half past twelve o'clock-."'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the bill which was made the special order for
to-day, at one o'clock, be made the special order
for Friday next, at half past twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ments to the tariff bill, until he reached that in
lines fifty-seven and fifty-nine, page 48, to strike
out the words:
" Books, all editions of which have been printed thirty
yeais pnor to the date of importation, whether bound or
unbound.-4'
Mr. SIMMONS. If I can get the ear of the
Senator from Massachusetts, I will tell him that
the amendment just read proposes to strike out
the words which he wishes to have retained.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. I understand the
Senator agrees that that clause shall be retained
as it is in the bill. I move that those words be
retained; and I understand I have the assento^the
chairman of the committee to make "that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator ask that his amendment be excepted from
the other amendments ?,
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts wanted those words retained, so that
these books can come in free.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand the Senator from
Rhode Island assents to that;' and I make the
motion, therefore, that those words be retained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is excepted, and will not, then, be passed
upon with the other amendments, but will come
up in its turn.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ments, until he came to that striking out the
twenty-ninth section, relating to the warehousing
system.
Mr. SIMMONS. I trust that that section will
