1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
, Hemphill.^Hunter, Juhneon of Aikan^a-, Johnson of
iiicss!cc, Lane, liiilbctni, iSIusoo, Nichol-'on, Peaice,
veil, Kicc. Sebastian,Tiumbull, and WiIIummjh— *26.
less than 18 cents per pound, 5 per centum ad valo-
rem;" so that the clause will read:
Sec. 12. Jh\d be it further enacted, That from and after
the day and year aforesaid there shall be levied, collected,
and paid on the importation of tbo articles hereinafter men-
tioned the following duties, that is to say: First, on all
wool unmanufactured, and all hair of the alpaca, goat, and
other like animals, unmanufactured, the value wheriof at
the last port or place lroin whence exported to the United
States shall be less than 18 cents per pound, 5 per centum
ad valorem.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move that the Senate non-
concur in the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole. I will not detain.the Senate about
it It is a very trifling matter, but it will make
a great breeze. The House of Representatives
agreed upon this wool arrangement last winter.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on concurring- in this amendment.
Mr. BAKER. I hope the Senate will concur
in the amendment, as it was made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. There may be a great breeze
in the House of Representatives about it, but it
will be a " great cry and little wool." [Laugh-
ter,! I hope we shall concur in it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch in
the chair.) The question is on concurring in the
amendment which has been read; and on this
question the yeas and nays have been asked for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN Before the vote is taken
on this amendment, I desire to state that I voted
under a misapprehension on the vote taken just
now. I asked a Senator near me what the vote
was, and* 1 suppose he was mistaken in yegard to
it. I intended to correct it, but was conversing
when the result was announced. I ask permis-
sion of thft Senate to have that vote corrected. I
intended to vote in the affirmative. [" No objec-
tion."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the correction will not change
the result. Is there any objection ? The Chair
hears lio objection, and the correction will be
made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
the form of the question in regard to this propo-
sition about wool. Is the question on agreeing
to the amendment?
* The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, those who are op-
posed to it will vote " nay?"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Baker, Dayard, Bingham, Riffiht,
Chandler, Olmgman,Crittenden,Fitch, Gk-i-ikUwim, 11,11 _
lan, Hcnipl
Tennessee
Powell, Kk.. ,  , -- • /
NAYS Must-rs. Anthony, Cameion, Clark, Dixon, Doo-
little, Durkee, Fesf-omlen, Foot, Foftei, Grimes, Hale,
King. Morrill, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyuk,
Wade, and Wilson—19.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BINGHAM. Would it be proper for me
to offer an amendment now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that there are two other amendments to
be acted on in the Senate which were excepted.
The next amendme.nt cxccpted was in line lour
of section eighteen, after the word "books," to
strike out to the end of the section,in the follow-
ing words:
i; Printed m the English language, or of which the Eng-
lish foims the text, bound or unbound, lo cento poi pound;
and on ali books punted in foreign languages, 8 cent* ppi
pound."
And to insert the following, in lieu thereof:
Periodicals, pamphlets, all printed matter, illustrated
books, and papers, and on watches and paits of watched
and watch mateuulf and unfinished parts of watches, L>
pei centum ad valoiem.
So that the section will read:
Sec. 18. And, be it further enacted, That from and after
the d.iy and year afoicsaid, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid, on the nripoitation of the articles hereinafter men-
tioned. the following dulies, that is to say : On books, pe-
riodicals, pamphlets, oil punted matter, illustrated books
and papers, and on watches and part4; of watches and watch
materials and unfinished parts of watches, 15 per centum
ad valorem
Mr. BAYARD. If it is in order, I move to
strike out " 15," and insert " 10 per cent.," ad
valorem.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose the Senator does
not mean to put that duty on imported watches.
He will reduce the duty on imported watches by
his proposition.
Mr. BAYARD. I am not speaking in refer-
ence to watches; but as to books and periodicals.
I think this duty is too high.,
Mr. SIMMONS. If you strike out 15 and in-
sert 10, you strike the duty off both of them.
Mr. BAYARD. I prefer that the duty should
be 10 per cent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendments the-amendmentwasrejected.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
The next amendment excepted was to strike
out in scction twenty-three, containing the free
list, from line fifty-seven to fifty-nine, the follow-
ing words:
" Books, all editions which have been printed thirty years
prior to the date of importation, in any language, bound or
unbound."
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate non-
concur in the amendment-, and in this motion I
believe I hare the concurrence of the Senatorfrom
Rhode Island.
Mr. BIGLER. It does not require any motion
of that sort. The question is on concurring in
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
and declared the amendment to be concurred in.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I doubt that
vote.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not understand the na-
ture of the amendment. I ask to have it reported
at the Secretary's desk again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. LANE. I understood the. Chair to an-
nounce the vote on the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair had
announced the result; and, unless by unanimous
consent, the amendment cannot be considered
again.
Mr. LANE. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. Then, I move to reconsider
thtf vote concuiring in the amendment. I voted
in the aifirmative under a mistake.
Mr. IIUNTER. As I understand the object
of this motion, it is to vote down this amendment
of the Senator from Rhode Island which puts the
duty on books at 15 per cent., so as to put oil all
imported books and periodicals a duty of 10 per
cent.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
The object of this amendment is simply to retain
ill the fiee list where they now are in the bill all
books moie than thirty years old—that is all.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 23, noes 3; no quorum voting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Shall the Chair
consider the vote as reconsidered?
Mr. GREEN. No, sir.
Mr. LANE. I object to that, no quorum hav-
ing voted.
Mr. PEARCE. There is a quorum evidently
in the Senate. I hope the vote will be taken again.
I will say a very few words on this motion. I
understand the object is to make free all books
which have been printed thirty years prior to the
date of importation. I confess I am very reluc-
tant to impose aduty on books imported under any
circumstances, and especially old books which
cannot interfere with the business of the printers
of the country. It seems to me they ought to
come in duty free. 1 believe such has been our
practice formerly. I do notknow but I would de-
sire to have this whole subject revised and changed
in regard to all the scale of duty proposed for
books in this bill; but I suppose it is too late to
attempt that now. At all events, it seems to me
knowledge is the last thing in the world we should
tax; and as this will not interfere with those who
desire protection upon book printing, I hope the
reconsideration will be carried, and that we shall
not strike these books out of the free list.
Mr. HALE. I am opposed to putting this class
of books in the free list. I think they ought to
stand on the same footing, as regards duties, that
other books do; not that I think it will affect the
revenue very much, but as a matter of principle
I thinkthesc books ought tobe taxed alike. 1here
are but a very few of these books; but 1 will teii
you what they are. Ttiey are some old hooks,
I rare books, that will be sought for by gentlemen
of highly cultivated .tastes, the lUerali, the anti-
quarian. Gcntletaeft of leisure and cultivation
and wealth, that travel abroad, findsome of these
valuable old books that have bee# printed thirty,;or
forty, or a hundred years, and, as a. matter ,of. pro-
fessional pride, buy and bring home, wad
put them in libraries. But, sir", I do |)ot see&jif
reason why that class of^ent1e®ien should import
books mto the country on iiiferent termg.ft'OUl
those who import Webster's Spelling Book,, an jl
Perry's Dictionary. I think they ought -all l<>
stand upon the game footing exactly., and Jhaf
there should be no discrimination made between
classes of ;boojts. I think the ameodment.made
as in Committee-of the-Whole ought t§ .-be jsoii-
curred in; and if my friend foam -Rhode Island,
as my friend from Massachusetts has intimated,
has been -seduced intoffiving his sanction to such
a principlef-fls this, I declare I must re.tract the
vow I made,to follow him t« the end of this tariff
bill. I hope the amendment will siawl as it is,"
Mr. SUMNER. There is one simple answer
to all that the Senator has#aid-,. and thaUs: that
these old books .do not come into cpmpetition with
any books printed in our own country. They are
not in the way of an American book.
Mr. BAKER. Will the Senator -allow: me to
interrupt him one moment ? ■ ,•
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. BAKER. That is the protective view of
.the subject. But there is another; and that is,
the revenue view of the subject. rIf .these old
books (some in free., .you lose sonujeh revenue.
Suppose my distinguished friend, wjjo" loves
books better than most men, and understands
them better than any man, imports a very valu-
able book, a Machiavclli, for instance, (which I
would recommend to him in these times,) a hun-
dred years old: it does not compete with anybody
else in printing a book, or in the writing of it;
but, as a question of revenue, it does. Now, sir,
books are inspiration; so is champagne. - Cham-
pagne pays 40 per cent., and so ought books.
[Laughter.] My distinguished friend from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] knowing more about
that branch of it, says champagne is the cause of
inspiration. It is both the cause and the source"
[Laughter.] I do not see,, as a question of reve-
nue, why an old book, which is;a luxury, acd
the greatest of all luxuries, ought not to pay a
revenue duty just as much as wine, or silks, or
any other-luxury which more people partake of.
Now, if it werea-question of protection alone, I
admit the Senator from Massachusetts is right;
but, as a matter of revenue, I thinkjie is clearly
wrong; and I, who could not persuade -him to
vote a duty of 5 per cent, upon the coarsest wool
in the world, will give my vote against letting the
best books in the world come in free of duty,
merely because they are old. . .
Mr. SUMNER. My answer to the suggestion
that this duty ought to be imposed as a matterof
revenue is, that it is a tax 011 knowledge. It is a
tax which, in its nature, is prohibitory on books
which we ought all to encourage. Every book
that crosses the Atlantic to this country is again
to our civilization. If 1 understand the Senator,
be would shut the gate against such books. I
would open the gate. If I had my way, every
book that crosses the Atlantic should come in
duty free; but my views on the subject have al-
ready been voted down. Youpropose to impose
a general duty of 15 per cent, on books. I wish
now, simply to carve an exception out Of that
general duty of 15 per cent, in favor of books
which cannot come into competition with Amer-
ican products—those books that have been printed
thirty years; and I say that, in making that con-
cession to them, you promote the cause of good let-
ters and of civilization; and I know that my friend
from Oregon, though he thinkssomucli of wool,
is not insensible to a good.book.
Mr. BAKER rose.
Mr. SUMNER. Stop amoment, if you please
Mr! BAKER. Certainly; I like to hear you.
Mr." SUMNER. One other remark: this broad
duty that you propose to impose will bear spe-
cially hard upon what are called book rarities,
every one of which when it comes to our country
is a treasure to the whole country. For instance,
take an early edition of Milton or ofShakspeare.
The early edition of Shakspeare cannot be bought
under $300 or $400. By this proposition you
would impose a duty of 15 per cent, on that, though
