80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
intelligence of this House, to urge no stronger
argument to sustain his amendment that certain
persons who give substantial reasons against it,
own property in Atchison.
The gentleman insinuates, by his question, that
the fact that I own property in Atchison should
influence ray argument. That is an unfortunate
position for the gentleman to assume. He has
told us that Atchison was likely to secure the
Legislature of Kansas to fix that as the starting
point of this road; therefore, if I desired to advance
the value of my " corner lot," and if my conduct
were influenced by such a motive, I should not be
found opposing the bill. According to his own
showing, I am acting against my interest. I, who
own town-lots in Atchison, am moving to recom-
mit the bill to the Committee of Public Lands, al-
though it would advance the value of my prop-
erty. The honorablegentletaan, deeply interested
in corner and other lots in the town of St. Joseph,
is advocating the passage of this bill with amend-
ments directly favoring his own personal inter-
ests and the interests of his town.
If I were to believe that the gentleman was in-
fluenced by such motives, I would find a ready
solution of the very great number of measures
brought into this House intended to benefit St.
Joseph. There does not arise a single bill in
which St. Joseph can be interested, or where an
amendment can make her so, but the gentleman
proposes that the name of St. Joseph be inserted.
There is not a proposal to build a military road,
or a railroad,01-1o dig a canal,but the gentleman
assures us that St. Joseph should be the starting
point for it. No matter where a mail route is to
terminate, it is sure to start from St. Joseph. I
saw, in the New York Herald of this morning,
that the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads were about to propose ail orerland mail
route; which, as usual, is to start from St. Jo-
seph, although the fact is notorious that the mail
is carried on the railroad from St. Joseph to Atch-
ison, and is started from Atchison on its met hind
journey. Now, I do not object to this zeal and
industry on the part of the honorable gentleman
to serve his own immediate constituents; nor do
f believe he is influenced by the increased value
attached to his corner lots because of the passage
of these public measures. But I do think that iie
ought at least to be charitable to others; and that
he ought not to impute motives which lie would
not desire to have imputed to himself.
As an additional reason why this bill should
be referred back to the Committee on PuUio
Lands, 1 wish to remind the flouse that the com-
mittee agreed to report the bill last session. Since
then—in the month of October last—a railroad
convention of the people of the Tciritnry of Kan-
sas was held at Topeka. All the counties which
are organized, I believe, were represented. And
they there agreed on a schedule of roads, to which
they would ask Congress to grant lands. This
•schedule is very different from the bill before us.
i think tiie people of Kansas should be heard.
They know best what roads the public welfare re-
quires. Aiid whet! the committee have ibis mat-
ter before them again, they can consider this me-
morial of the railroad convention. The voice of
seventy thousand people is entitled to a respect-
ful consideration; and I trust the bill will be re-
ferred back to the committee,
Mr. PARROTT obtained the floor,
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Kansas will allow mo a minute to correct a
misapprehension on the p.ut of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, in order that the House may '
not be misled by his statement. I desire to say
that there is not one inch of uulroad made on the !
soil of Kansas, except a few miles, now in run- j
ning order—but six miles with the cais ninninif, j
and fourteen or fifteen miles ready for the cars
and iron—upon the very line that my amendment i
calls for. When the gentleman says that a mil- 1
road has been finished eighteen miles west of the i
city of St. Joseph, ho states what he knows j
nothing about, and what is absolutely not true
He does not intend to make a misstatement, I
know; but he does not know what he is talking1 j
about. [Laughter.] We of Missouri have made
a railroad in both directions from the city of St.
Joseph on our own soil, one running up the Mis-
souri river, and the other running down the Mis-
souri river on the Missouri side, passing a point
opposite the town of Atchison. But there is no i
gentleman here, who knows as much about it as
1 do, who will get up here and state that there, is
any road eighteen miles west of the city of St.
Joseph. It is all in Missouri; it is not an exten-
sion of the Hannibal and St. Joseph railioad. It
is a separate railroad, under a separate charter,
and owned by a separate company.
Mr. PARROTT. Mr. Speaker, I am very
Vhucli surprised that my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, after I have corrected him, should still
persist in the erroneous declaration that the bill
now pending before the House could give to the
Leavenworth interest a double share of the pub-
lie, lands. I think my explanation was patent to
the comprehension of other persons, if not to his
own, that this bill does not give to a railroad com-
pany any of the Delaware lands at all where the
gentleman says that it gives them fourteen miles
upon each side of the road. 1 say now, that it does
not give them a single foot of this land. Why?
Because the bill confines the lands appropriated
to railroad purposes to such lands as the United
States own. It must be obvious, from the very
nature of the case, that the United States can ap-
propriate no lands for railroad or other purposes
which do not belong to the United States; and the
Delaware Indian reservation,on which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has again asserted that
seven milesuponeachsideof the road will begiven
to a railroad company, belongs to the Indians,and
cannot be infringed upon, except by some treaty
regulation. Now, what are the facts ? The facts
are, that a treaty has been ratified by the Senate,
by which a ceitain incorporated railroad com-
pany in the Territory of Kansas shall have the
privilege, the exclusive privilege, of buying of
these Delaware Indians a certain designated quan-
tity of their lands at an appraised valuation. That
appraisement is now about being made, and will
be submitted to the Indian, or rather to the Inte-
rior Department of the Government: and if rati-
fied, the company then will have the option of
taking the lands at that appraisement or of de-
clining to take tliem. But it is obvious, sir, that
in either event this bill does not give to the rail-
road company any of this land whatever. If they
take it they pay for it, and if they do not pay for
it they do not get it.
Now, sir, I ask what becomes of the assertion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? I presume
that he is a disinterested man', although the tacts
do not look exactly that way, for it happens that
the gentleman has placed himself in an attitude
that looks at least very suspicious on this ques-
tion of railroads, having acted upon the Commit-
tee on Public Lands at the last session of Con-
gress, and having, during the vacation of Congress,
before any_bill lmd been framed, visited the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, and acquired an interest in cer-
tain points there, and then come back at the short
session prepared to frame a bill. I attribute, there-
fore, this assertion, with other assertions, to the
unreasoning fanaticism which we all know is in-
spned by local inteiests. Thegentleman may not
be conscious of it. I do not say that he is; but he
has indulged in so many and such great errors
that I am bound to believe, in charity, that he is
misled by his prejudice, and is not under the con-
trol of a calm reason in using these expressions.
One thing more. The gentleman has averred
that there is a division of public opinion in the
Territory of Kansas respecting this bill. I ask
the attention of the House while I explain that
matter. It is true that a convention of the people
of the Territory was summoned in the autumn of
this year for the purpose of expressing an opin-
ion upon a system of railroads to be submitted to
Congress. Thatconvention met; but preliminary
to any proceedings, and upon a question of rep-
resentation—to wit: whether the counties should
each be entitled, irrespective of their population,
to one or two delegates, or whether they should
be represented according to their population—the
convention divided; divided, as I understand,
about equally. One convention formed its pro-
gramme, and the seceding portion formed a dif-
ferent programme. But the difference existing
between the two programmes was simply this:
that one convention demanded that the roads
should be put in this lull, which the Committee
on Public Lands had previously, upon argument
and consideration, rejected—rejected for the rea-
son that they would be in excess of the lands due
to the Territory under the precedents in land
grants for this purpose. The other convention
indorsed this bill.
I state now, Mr. Speaker,as amatter that ought
to weigh with members in considering this ques-
tion, that no protest against this bill has been
placed in my hands, no memorial has been for-
warded to me; and I state further, that consider-
ing generally the interests of the people, consider-
ing the great advantages which the present passage
of this bill would afford to them, I deem it to be
just to the whole interests of the Territory that
the bill in its present shape should pass, rather
than that this session should close without the
passage of any bill whatever.
In regard to the argument submitted to the House
by my friend from St. Joseph, with his character-
isti^zeal and fervor for St. Joseph, I have only
thi!#to say: that two rival points on the Missouri
river in Kansas, pressing for the eastern terminus
of a railroad, were unable to agree. The commit-
tee could not decide between Atchison and Ehvood.
They offered to give to each of these places a
branch; both branches to unitein a common trunk,
and then pursue the way harmoniously to the west-
ern terminus. With that sort of selfish feeling—
and I do not say it in any offensive sense—which
characterizes rival towns, they mutually declined
the proposition; and then the committee, for the
purpose of settling this point of rivalry between
these two towns, determined to refer the question
to the Kansas Legislature, where, in my judgment,
it rightfully belongs. It is true that Missouri has
built railroads to her western border; but it ia
likewise true thatshe built them with no intention
to benefit the people of theTerritorv. They have
been built there because it was the interest of
Missouri that they should be built there. They
were built or pro jected long before the Territory
was organized; long before the routes of trade
and travel in the Territory had been marked out;
and simply on the consideration thatit was for the
advantage and interest of the State of Missouri
so to build it.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Will not the gen-
tleman correct the statement which he has just
made, that these roads were builtor projected be-
fore the routes of trade and travel in the Territory
had been marked out? I can show the gentleman
that my proposition would make the road go where
trade and travel have gone for forty years.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Kansas a question.
Mr. PARROTT. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire the gentle-
man to inform the House how far Atchison is
west of St. Joseph ?
Mr. PARROTT. I am not able to answer that
question. I do not own any property in St.
Joseph or Atchison.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Is not Atchison about
fifteen miles west of St. Joseph, in a straight line ?
Mr. PARROTT. I cannot answer the ques-
tion. I do not know.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Well, is not Atchi-
son considerably west of St. Joseph ?
Mr. PARROTT. It is further west,
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Well, is there not a
railroad from St. Joseph to Atchison?
Mr. PARROTT. There is.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Then, the House ma y
know who is right.
Mr. PAIUIOTT. I deem it a fair proposition
to all parties concerned, that a State for which
you are carving out lines of railroads should, on
all disputed questions, where its citizens or Rep-
resentatives in Washington cannot agree on what
is just and fair between all portions of the Ter-
ritory, have reference to the Legislature as the
final arbiter. The disputed question should be
referred to the highest representative body of the
people—the Legislature of the future State. That
proposition seems to me to be a fair one. It seems
to me to be the only one by which this question
can be fairly and equitably ad justed ;forI am cer-
tain that if the House of Representatives, with its
limited knowledge of the subject, should undertake
to amend this bill so as to satisfy the demands of
conflicting local interests, they would never be
able to perfect any bill. They would be lost in
the perplexed and contradictory statements of
those on this floor who are urging the demands
oflocal interests. I try to separate myself as far
as possible from any local interest 1 have. I am,
for one, in the situation of n man who ought to
