1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
to leave them to pay the same prorata with others.
But here you want to exempt these miserable,
vain cock-a-doodles, [laughter,] and tax your
school boys and schoolgirls who have to use a 15-
cent primer, 25-cent reader, and 50-cent geogra-
phy. Is that  ight? Is there good sense in that?
Does it not spring from a vain desire to pretend
to superiority in literature, in book learning, over
other people?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch.)
No quorum having voted, the question will be
again put. Those in favor of reconsidering the
vote by which the amendment was concurred in,
will signify it by rising. $
Mr. SUMNER. I understood the Chair to
declarc that the vote was reconsidered, and the
question now was on non-concurring. I made a
motion to non-concur, after the vote on reconsid-
ering had been stated.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The vote on
reconsidering was not adopted; no quorum hav-
ing voted. The Chair remarked that the affirma-
tive would be deemed to have carried it, if no objec-
tions were made. Objections were made, and a
new vote was called for.
The question being again put, there were, on
a division—ayes 7, noes 23; no quorum voting.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
JMr. DOOLITTLE. I hope Senators will un-
derstand the motion, as they did not seem to under-
stand it when the division took place. Some
understood that the amendment had already been
reconsidered, arid that the question was upon con-
curring. I understand that the question now is
on the motion to reconsider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We may justas well have
the test vote on that, and dispose of it.
Mr. SUMNER. The effect of reconsidering
will be simply to keep this clause in the bill as it
was when originally reported by the Senator from
Rhode Island. It is not to insert anything new,
but to preserve the clause which was originally
in the bill.
* Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the effect of
rcconsidcring will be to bring up the question of
concurring in the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin is correct.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We may as well take a
test vote on the reconsideration.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 24; us follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Ciiitenden, Dixon, Douglas,
Durkec, Hunter, Kennedy, Morrill, peaice, Kewaid, Sum-
nci, and Wilson—Id.
NAYri—Messrs. Kakci, Bigler, Bingham, Bragg, Cam-
eion, Oli.uidlei, CUiK, CUngman, Doohttle, Fe&senden,
Fitch, Foot, Foster, Green, Grimes, Hale, Ilarian. King,
Lane, Latham, Nicholson, Powell, Ten Eyck, and Wil-
kinson—24.
So the Senate refused to reconsider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is still
before the Senate, and open to amendment.
* Mr. LANE. I now move the amendment that
lies on the Secretary's desk; that isf*to strike out
all after the enacting clause 
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
Mr. LANE. I have the floor; and I have been
anxious to get at this amendment for some time.
I hope the Senate now will give me a chance to
have a vote on it, and see whether the Senate is
in favor of this bill or the amendment that I pro-
pose. #
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. FOOT. As the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Oregon 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator from New Hampshire to
rise to a question of'order.
Mr. HALE. The very one, I suppose, that
my friend from Vermont was going to make: and
that is, that the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Oregon is a substitute; and I desire to
know whether that is in order until the bill is
perfected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
deems it in order now, the Senate having voted
on ail the amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. HALE. Rut I have an amendment which
I wish to offer to the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. So have I.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Oregon is in order, but
will be superseded by any amendment proposed
to the body of the bill.
Mr. HALE. Well, I have an amendment
which 1 propose to offer.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But I suppose this amend-
ment is in order, and will be read as such;and then
any amendment will be in order, whether to the
original bill or to the substitute; but it is now in
order to move it, and it has precedence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Oregon will he read.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
Strike out all afwr the enacting clause, and insert:
That on all such goods, ware?, merchandise, or other
articles imported Irom foreign countries, as are mentioned
m schedules A, B, and C, of an act entitled " An act i educ-
ing the duty on imports, and for othei purposes," approved
the 30th day of July, in the year 1846, then? shall he levied,
collected, and paid a duty of 'SO per cent, ad valorem; and
that the said act, approved the 3Uth day of July, in the year
1846, be, and the same is hereby, revived (exccpt as herein-
before excepted) in every schedule, section, or clause there-
of, saving, nevertheless, the full clfect and operation of the
act entitled "An act to establish a warehousing system;
and to amend an act entitled ' An act to provide revenue
Horn imports, and to change and modify existing laws im-
posing duties on imports, and for other purposes,' "approved
the 6th day of August, in the year 1848, and the several acts
amendatory or supplementary to the same.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the act entitled
" An aet reducing the duty on imports, and for other pur-
poses," appioved the 3d day of March, in the year 1857,
except the fifth section thereof be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That this act shall take
effect on the 1st day of July next: Provided, That no higher
duty shall be chaiged on goods, waies, merchandise, or
other article-* in stme on that day, than were chargeable at
the timeot then impoitation.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have afew remarks to sub-
rait on the bill generally, and probably there will
be no occasion when they will be more appropri-
ate than upon the offering of the substitute for the
entire bill. The question now presented brings
up for consideration the original bill, and also the
substitute.
If 1 am brought to vote between the substitute
and the original bill, I shall vote for the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Oregon. I can-
not vote for the final passage of either, for the
reason that I think it unwise at this time to make
any radical changes in the existing revenue sys-
tem. The time is unauspicious for legislating
upon this subject. The condition of the south-
ern States of this Confederacy ought to warn us
against any of these radical changes, which would
increase the irritation and excitement in that quar-
ter. Wo all know the repugnance of that section
of the Union to a protective tariff at all times.
Under existing circumstances, the passage of a
tariff bill of the character of the one now under
consideration cannot fail to increase that irritation
and to alienate, in some degree, their affections to
this Union, which have already been materially
shaken. While the bill itself is not in accordance
with my judgment of what a revenue bill ought
to be; while I think it is highly protective; while
I know some of its features are oppressive on
many great interests in tho country; even ifl were
satisfied on these points, I would not vote to pass
the bill at this time in view of our present diffi-
culties.
Then again, sir, there is a necessity for direct-
ing our attention to our commercial relations with
our neighbors upon the north. The unfriendly
or adverse legislation which has been adopted by
the Canadian Parliament, intended to defeat the
beneficial effects so far as this country is interested
in the reciprocity treaty, ought also to be taken
into consideration. We have arrived at that pe-
riod where our commercial system should extend
to the whole continent; when, in arianging our
own list of duties, we should take into consider-
ation the effects, especially upon those countries
that adjoin us upon this continent. I had hoped
that the time had arrived when we could mature
and adopt a continental system that would em-
brace, m one commercial union, all the States of
the North American continent, with a uniform
system of duties. Such a commercial union could
be adopted, in my opinion, that would be benefi-
cial to all the States and countries who should
become parties to it. I would like to see it em-
brace not only the United States, but the Canadas
upon the north, the British Possessions upon the
east and the northwest, and Mexico, Cuba, and
the Central American States upon the south. I
would like to see them all brought within the cir-
cle of one commercial union and a uniform sys-
tem of duties, so far as all .these States we.re con-
cerned. X desire to see all custom-houses in the
interior abolished, all restrictions upon internal
commerce done away with, so that there should
be entire free trade unrestricted between every
State, province, or country upon the American
continent and the adjacent islands.
I think the present timeis auspicious to mature
a system of that kind. We are about to inaugu-
rate a new Administration; and 1 hope with it.,a
new commercial system. The very fact that we
have internal difficulties at home; the fact that
there has been arevolution in Mexico which brings
into power a party friendly to free and unrestricted
commercial intercourse; the fact thatwe have dif-
ficulties to adjust with the Canadas and British
provinces growing out of the reciprocity treaty;
the fact that the commercial system of the Island
of Cuba,.so far as it affects our interests, is not
satisfactory to us, nor is that of Central America,
renders it eminently projftr that we should take '
up this subject as a whole, considering it with
reference to one grand system.
The idea, sir, of unrestricted commercial inter-
course between contiguous countries is not a novel
one. It may be novel,so far as applicable to the.
American continent; but if we direct our attention
to Europe, especially to Germany, we will find
there a model which, with such modifications as
would make it applicable to this country, we might
adopt, I think, with great profit and great useful- *
ness. I allude to the, German Zollverein. There
you find a commercial union,consistingof twenty-
four sovereign, independent States or countries,,
combined into one union for commercial purposes,
with a uniform system of duties applicable to the
whole, and free trade as between those different
countries. I take it for granted the Senate is fa-
miliar with the German Zollverein. It was in-
itiated in 1818; but was so imperfect that it did not
realize the advantages that were expected from it
until 1833. Prior to the latter day, there were
such restrictions in examinations and in gertain
tolls, on the boundaries of the interior States, as
to deprive the arrangement of most of its advant-
ages; but, in 1833, a treaty was effected between
the principal States of Germany by which these
restrictions were entirely removed, tiie interior
custom-houses abolished, and only the exterior
ones kept up for the common benefit of ail those
States and Governments that becameparties to the
tariff alliance.
From 1833 to this day,that system has worked
so well and so satisfactorily, that it has lately ex-
tended, until it embraces nearly all of Germany.
It now embraces twenty-four States; and 1 believe
there is a movement now on foot by which Aus-
tria, Hungary, Transylvania, in fact the whole
Austrian empire, is about to be brought into the
system; so that goods may pass from the head of
the Danube to the Black sea, as well as down the
Rhine into the Baltic, by the most unrestricted
free trade between these people. The system is
a very simple one. All the custom-houses are
upon the frontier. They collect duties which are
to be uniform upon all the frontiers, and these
duties go into a common fund, and the proceeds,
after defraying expenses, are divided between the
different States composing the commercial league
in proportion to population. The basis of the dis-
tribution of the receipts is that of the relative pop-
ulation of the several States and countries com-
posing the league. It is true, there are one or two
exceptions to that ratio of distribution—excep-
tions founded upon local causes, or upon other
causes satisfactory to the parties, and which have
been adopted by unanimous consent.
Now, sir, I desire to invite the attention of the
Senate and of the country to the inquiry whether
we may not profitably form a commercial union,
to comprise all the North American continent, on
the basis of the German Zollverein. Our conti-
nent is admirably adapted to such asystem. You
would at once abolish all the interior custom-
houses. All those custom-houses upon the north-
ern frontier would be abandoned; all upon the
dividing line between us and Mexico would be
abandoned; all the internal restrictions upon trade
would be swept away; and all you would require
would be custom-houses at the ports on the At-
lantic and Pacific. Why cannot we form the
