1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ยง1
be entirely impartial; owning nothing in any of
the points in controversy, i try to speak for all
the people.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Does not the gentle-
man own corner lots in Leavenworth ?
Mr. PARROTT. I decline to yield, to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. I say that this bill
makes a fail- and equitable location of the through
routes in the Territory. One thing more. The
policy of granting lands to aid in the construction
of railroads is now, I think, about twenty years
old. Almost every new State in the Union has
been thus benefited in the outset of its career as
a State. The development of the country is thus
secured. And besides, it must be understood,
Mr. Speaker, that the Government does not give
these lands to States or Territories as a gratuity.
There are two considerations in the matter. One
of them is the fact that the Government requires
double the amount to be paid for the alternate
sections, so#that it receives as much for half the
land as it would otherwise have received for the
whole. The second consideration is, that Con-
gress requires the State receiving these grants to
relinquish her power of taxation over the public
lands. I admit that this is a doubtful power; but
nowadays, when the decision of the Dred Scott
case is considered as good authority by my Dem-
ocratic friends, I must say that the power of a
State to tax the public lands is affirmed in that
decision. It is important, therefore, when you
come to consider the subjcct m an economical
point of view, that the States should surrender
such power, whether the power be certain or
whether it be doubtful. Therefore it is a consid-
eration operating on the minds of Representatives
in making these donations of land, which cost
nothing, which take nothing from the gross sum
received, and which, at the same time, induce
the States to surrender a power which, if exer-
cised , would fall heavily on the revenues of the
United Slates. 1 hope, now, Mr. Speaker, that
other States which have been for twenty years
sitting and feasting at the table, and have got all
they want in the way of appropriations for pub-
lic lands, are not about to set a selfish and, in my
judgment, pusillanimous example of kicking the
table over because they have got enough. I hope
this policy will still receive the assentof members
of the House of Representatives, and that the
bill, in its present shape, shall be passed by the
House.
Mr. YANDEVER. I ask the gentleman from
Kansas to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. PARROTT. Certainly.
Mr, VANDEVEIl. I propose to terminate
this discussion; but before doing that, I simply
desire to make the suggestion that, at an import-
ant crisis like the piesent, when matters of great
moment are piessmg upon us for our considera-
tion, it does not become members of the Ameri-
can Congress to sit here and wrangle about the
starting point of a railroad. A controversy of
this kind ought to be settled in five minutes'time.
I think, from all that has transpired, that the truth
of the'declaration which I made m the outset is
established namely: that the action of the com-
mittee irajfegard to this matter has been incumbent
on them by reason of these conflicting interests in
town lots on the banks of the Missouri river. The
committee are totally indifferent to these rival
claims; and if they could have avoided them by
fixing the starting point at a distance from any of
them, I believe they would have gladly recom-
mended such a course to the House.
The proposition of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is to refer this bill back to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, there to have this contro-
versy reviv< d. No good can be accomplished by
such a proceeding. The bill is now before the
House, and I propose that the House shall itself
settle this controversy. If the House is disposed
io vote favorably on this proposition to appropri-
ate lands to aid, I believe, in the construction of
a great Pacific railroad across this continent on
such plan as shall obviate the necessity of appro-
priating money from the public Treasury, let
them pass this bili now. 1 hope, Mr. Speaker,
that the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will not prevail, to refer the matter back to
the Committee on Public Lands, but that the
House will act upon the matter now. ^ I simply
rose for the purpose of calling the previous ques-
tion on his motion to recommit.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I believe now, Mr.
Speaker, that I have the floor, and I desire to ask
what is the question before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Montgomery,]
that the bill be recommitted to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Well, sir, I yester-
day offered an amendment, which is now pend-
ing, and upon which I desire to be heard by the
House.
The SPEAKER. The question is open to de-
bate, as the Chair understands.
Mr. VANDEVER. I would suggest that, if
the House declines to recommit the bill to the
Committee on Public Lands it will then be in
order for the gentleman from Indiana to explain
his amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
the bill is now open to debate.
_ Mr. VANDEVER. I called the previous ques-
tion upon the motion to recommit.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had given the
floor to the gentleman from Indiana before the
gentleman from Iowa called the previous question.
The gentleman from Ind iana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the Clerk to
read my amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment. It adds a pro-
vision to the bill that there be granted to the Ter-
ritory or future State of Nebraska alternate sec-
tions of the public lands, to the same extent and
in the same manner and upon the same terms,
conditions, and limitations, m every respect what-
ever, as is by the preceding sections of the bill
granted to the Territory of Kansas, to aid in the
construction of the following railroads: a railroad
from sonic eligible point on the west bank of the
Missouri river, north of the mouth of the Platte
river, so as to connect, as nearly as practicable
with the Mississippi and Missouri river railroad;
thence into and along the valh-y of said Platte
river, via New Fort Kearny, to the western bound-
ary of said Territory; a railroad from some
eligible point on the Missouri river, so as to con-
nect as nearly as practicable with the Burlington
and Missouri river railroad; thcnce westwardly,
to intersect the above-named road at or near New
Fort Kearny; a railroad from some eligible point
on the west bank of the Missouri river, so as
to connect as nearly as practicable with what-
ever railroad, having a grant of lands from the
Government of the United States, may be located
through the State of Iowa, terminating on the
Missouri river, at or near the forty-second par-
allel of noith latitude; thence in a southwesterly
course to intersect the first-named load at or near
the Loupe Foik river; and a railroad from some
eligible point on the Missouri river, at or near
the mouth of the Sioux river, so as to connect as
nearlyuspracticable withtheDubuque and Sioux
City railroad: thence to, and up and along the
Nebraska river, or any other eligible route, to
intersect with the first-named road at or near Fort
Laramie.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Indiana, I desire to
ask the Delegate fiorn Kansas a question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I will yield for that
purpose.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
from the gentleman from Pennsylvania if he did
not ask the gentleman from Kansas whether or
not he owned or had an interest in corner lots m
the city of Leavenworth ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I did. .
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I did not hear an
answer to that question; and I now desire to
repeat the interrogatory, "whether the gentleman
from Kansas does not own corner lots in the city
of Leavenworth, in the Territory of Kansas'
Mr, PARROTT. I have no corner lots in
j Leavenworthorany cityin Kansas, that! knowof.
! Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. My object in ask-
! ing the question was to show that the gentlemen
j who take so much interest in the location of those
j roads are more or lose affected by them m then-
personal interests.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Kansas whether he is not interested
in the city of Leavenworth or the contiguous conn-
try ?
Mr. PARROTT. I regard the question as
simply irrelevant. [Laughter.] I am here rep-
resenting the Territory of- Kansas; but I will
nevertheless answer the gentleman's question. I*
.am interested in the city of Leavenworth to the
extent of two lots, which are not valuable at all*
and which I will be glad to dispose of to the gen-
tleman at a good deal less than they cost me two
years ago. One word more. I desire to say that
I am not actuated, in my advocacy of this bill,
by any property interest which I possess in the
city of Leavenworth, or- in the Territory of Kail4
sas. Any such interest which I have is hardly
large enough to be worth influencing my opinion
upon any question, much less upon a question of
so much magnitude and importance as the one
involved in this bill.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. One word more.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I cannot yield fur-
ther. I intend to detain the House but a mo-
ment. Before I proceed with an explanation of
my amendment, I shall make one remark in
reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who*,
as I understood him, intimated that the course
pursued by the Committee on Public Lands had
been changed by the operation of outside influ-
ence.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I beg the gentleman's
pardon. I made no such allusion. I do not be-
lieve the committee have been influenced by any
such cause. The remark to which the gentleman
refers fell, I think, from the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Craig.] I repudiate the charge. I
carc not what outside influencc*may be brought
to bear, it would not swerve me for a moment,
nor do I believe it would swerve any member of
the committee from the course he deemed proper
to pursue.
[A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ment of this House to the second amendment of
the Senate to the bill of the House authorizing
the issuing of Treasury notes, and for other pur-
poses.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I am very glad to
learn that I was mistaken in ascribing the remark
to which 1 alluded to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. I accept his disclaimer with pleasure.
Mr. Speaker, I have presented an amendment
tn this bill by the order and direction of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. It proposes to grant to
the Territory of Nebraska alternate sections of
the public lands for the purpose of constructing
four railroads; the main-trunk rood commencing
at Omaha City, or some other point on the west
bank of the Missouri ri\cr,und lunning up along
the line of the Platte river, to the western bound-
ary of the Territory of Nebraska. The other
three roads are each to commence at some eligible
point on the western bank of the Missouri river,
and connect with the main-trunk railroad at some
point between the Missouri river and its term-
inus on the western boundary of the Territory.
There is no controversy of interest in the Terri-
tory of Nebraska as to"the roads it is proposed
to aid in that Territory; there is pcrfcctunanimity
and good feeling there, no conflict whatever.
These roads are cach one of them to connect with
roads now in process of construction westerly
through the State of Iowa.
In reference to a Pacific railroad, which has
several times been mentioned in connection with
this bill, I will say that I believe no simple bill
for the construction of a railroad to the Pacific
can ever be passed by this House and this Con-
gress; and I believe that the only way by which
the Atlantic and western States will be ever con-
nected with the Pacific coast by railroad, will be
by granting land in limited quantities, by grant-
ing land in alternate sections, to the Territories,
to construct, link by link, such a road as the
wants of the country through which it is to pass
require. In this way, and jn this way alone, this
great thoroughfare will be constructed, until the
last link in the chain has been completed.
As an original question, I would not, perhaps,
be in favor of granting the lands of the Govern-
ment for the benefit of any work of internal im-
provement; but it has become the settled policy
of the Government that lands are to be granted
as they h;ive been, over and over again, to aid in
the construction of railroads and canals. I have
before me a table prepared at the Land Office,
showing the amount of lands which have been
granted by the Government for the purposes of
