94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
ago, when the consular and diplomatic bill came
up for consideration, objection was made to its
consideration because the bill was not printed;
and- the statement was then made by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means that
it was not printed becausc the Printer of the
House was absent from the city, and because the
persons heretofore in the habit of doing the print-
ing refused to do it.
Mr. MAYNAItD. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me to make an inquiry ? I un-
derstood him to say on a previous occasion that
the House Printer had transferred tins work to
Larcombe& English, giving them eighty percent,
on the prices paid. 1 will now refer the House
to the proviso to the second suction of'the bill,
chapter eighty, of the acts of last session of Con-
gress, and I ask the gentleman whether the atten-
tion of the Committee on Public Printing has been
called to that proviso ?
Mr. HASICIN. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will permit me, I desire briefly to reply to
the remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Burnett] especially,and also to the remarks
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow ;]
and I intend covering that question.
Mr. MAYNAIID. Very well, sir.
Mr. HASK1N. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Burnett] stated that the office of
Public Printer was vacant. I have my doubts as
to whether hc is not correct in that statement; but
as far as 
Mr. BURNETT. The member from Now
York is mistaken.. I did not state that the office
was vacant; but I stated that the effect of the res-
olution would be to declare, indirectly, the office
vacant, and that by not doing so directly, the
Public Printer would be entitled to claim com-
pensation, provided he would be able to show that
he was ready to do the work.
Mr. RASKIN. In reply to that portion of the
gentleman's remarks, permit me to cull the atten-
tion of tlie House to the law creating the office of
Superintendent of Public Piinting. By that law-
it is provided that where the Public Printer neg-
lects for sixty days to do the general work or-
dered by the House, the Superintendent may
thereupon go on and contract to have the work
done'at the prices allowed by law. That provis-
ion is designed to reach the large wuik ordered
by the House, but not the smaller matters.
Mr. BUPlNETT. The gentleman will permit
mo to ask him this question: if that be the law,
and the fact exists, why does he want to have this
resolution adopted?
Mr. HASfON. I reply to the gentleman that
this provision of the law creating the office of
Superintendent of Public Priming applies to the
large work ordered by the House, and not to the
bills, and reports, and Journals which we require
every day for our use. At least that is the in-
terpretation which the Supciintendent of Public
Printing, Mr. Ileal t, gives to it; and it is on that
account that he sent m this communication. If it
had applied to the general printing, as the gen-
tleman says it does, there would have been 110
necessity for action here. It is under this provis-
ion of the law that we ask that the Superintend-
ent shall have the power which this resolution
proposes to give lum.
Now, sir, on the subject of the vacatur of this
office. At the last session of Congress, the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Clopton,] in a im-
port made on the subject of the public printing,
offered a resolution that inasmuch as Mr. Ford
.had entered into a contract with Larcombe &
English to do this work, he receiving twenty per
cent., and they teceiving eighty per cent., that
fact was a vacatur of the office. But the gentle-
man from Alabama did not press the resolution.
The inw, on winch he based it is an act passed
March o, 1&59. Itpiovideh:
''Thai the office of Pihit'T, either to the Senate 01 House
oflU-pi emulative.-., ?.hull not be tiam-ierablo, either directly
or nidnedly. and that any attempt to soli or Uun.-ier cjiher
or'said offices, or any sale or trau-ter ot the same, shall
operate as a vacation and abandonment of said offices, or
eitliei of them.''
Now, sir. in the case under consideration, within
about a week after inw election, Mr. Ford entered
into ueoiitracf. sub-letting the whole of this wotk.
Tlie same thing was dont by the Senate Printer;
and if we had the power here to reach both these
eases, I, for one, would vote in favor of declaring
the offices of both House Printer and Senate
Printer vacant. But we must meet this case as
it presents itself to the House; and that is by di-
recting the Superintendent to contract to have the
work done, so that we may proceed with our
business.
Gentlemen ask for a postponement of this prop-
osition until Monday. We may to-day have ob-
jections raised to the consideration of some bill
before the House, because it is not printed. If
there be an effort on the part of General Bowman,
the Senate Printer, to do the House printing at
the reduction made at last session of Congress,
I am glad of it. I know that he is now doing the
work ordered by the Senate at the reduccd rates.
I know that the House printing can also be done
at the reduced rates. But, in regard to the con-
tract entered into by Larcombe & English, by
which they were to give Ford twenty per cent, of
the price paid, if they were to do the work at the
reduced rates, they would only be receiving forty
instead of eighty per cent, under the old rates al-
lowed by the law of 1852. They cannot afford
to do the work at that price; nor can the Iiouse
afford to enter into the wranglings and janglings
between Public Printers and those who contract
to do the work. The-way to meet the difficulty
is to authorize the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing to give out the work on contract, as proposed
by the resolution under consideration.
Now, sir, on the subject of the purchase of the
Wendell establishment, I desire to inform the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] that
the Joint Committee on Public Printing, consist-
ing of Jefferson Davis, Mr. Fitcii, and Mr.
Anthony, on the part of the' Senate, and Mr.
Gurlicy and myself on the part of the House,
met yesterday, on notification from the Senate
committee, and we did approve the contract which
the Superintendent of Public Printing—he ha\ ing
firsi taken the advice and received theappro\al
of the Secretary of the Interior—made for the pur-
chase of this Wendell establishment. That con-
tract is, j 11 my judgment, for $o0,000 less than
the establishment cost, allowing nothing for_the
personal skill, time, and .attention of Mr. "Wen-
dell in getting up and peifectiug his very com-
plete establishment. The Government punting
office will not go into operation until the 4th of
March next, i shrink from no investigation on
this subject. J can only say to thegr ntleman from
Kentucky, that there will be as much propriety
in investigating the matter of the DeGroot reso-
lution, passed at the last session, hereafter, as
there will be in investigating the subject of the
Government printing-office; and I trust his skirts
will be as clear on that subject as mine are on
this.
Mr. BURNETT. It is always well enough
for members of Congress to understand each other
clearly and distinctly; and I desire to propound
to the member fiom New Yot k this question. In
order that he may fully understand the force of
the question I put to him, 1 will go into a little
statement. I offered at the last session of this
House a resolution, referring the account of one
DeGroot to the Secretary of War for settlement.
Now, the gentleman cannot deal in any insinua-
tion or inueudo with me at all. All that I desire
to know fiom him is, what he means when he
says he wants to go into the investigation of that
contract?
Mr. HASTON. I mean to say, sir, that I am
; as well satisfied to have you investigate the Gov-
ernment Printing Office matter, as I tiust you
: would be to have the matter of DcGioot's con-
tract investigate d.
Mr. BURNETT. So far as respects any in-
vestigation connected with hmi or any man, I
have nothing to do with it. That is a question
on which the gentleman can exercise lug own
wishes. But I want him to answer this question:
whether by his remark he iniended either di-
rectly, indirectly, or remotely, to reflect on me
in any mode whatever? That is what I want to
know.
Mr. HASKIN. I did not, sir.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well. Now, Mr.
Speaker, so far as this resolution is concerned, 1
desire to make a motion to postpone it, unless
some other gentleman has already made such a
motion. Believing that this resolution ought not
to be acted upon at this time, I hope that the
House will at once, without any further discus-
sion about it, postpone it. I therefore call the
previous question.
Mr. STANTON. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the resolution until Tues-
day next.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope that motion will be
agreed to, and upon it I call the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust the demand for the
previous question will be withdrawn for a mo-
ment. I desire to say that, so far as my judgment
is concerned 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that the previous
ouestion has been called.
' Mr. FLORENCE. I appeal to the gentleman
from Kentucky to withdraw it.
Mr. BURNETT. I will, if you will renew it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to state that, in my
judgment, gentlemen have not looked at this ques-
tion practically. Here arc facts sufficient,! think,
to induce any gentleman who will examine them
to concur with me that neither the Senate Printer
(inasmuch he has been referred to in this debate)
nor the House Printer has conformed to the law.
The law passed in the last Congress expressly
provides that the printing of Congress shall not
be underlet, that it shall not be so sub-contracted,
that the personal supervision of the Senate Printer
or the House Printer shall be withdrawn from the
execution of the work. Now, there is no gen-
tleman here who will maintain for a moment
that the Senate Printer or the House Printer has
either of them exercised that personal supervision
over the Public Printing which the law contem-
plates. In reference to the particular claims these
sub-contractors may have upon the Printers them-
selves, 1 know nothmgand care nothing. There
is one question, however, which gentlemen upon
this side of the House ought to look at. The
other side of the House are anxious' to proceed
with the legitimate public business of the country.
The other"day we were prevented from passing,
upon one of the appropriation bills, because it
had not been printed. I understood this morning,
bv the communication from the Superintendent
oi' Public Printing, that very little of the work
ordered duiing the present session has yet been
printed, and cannot be, because the Printer olectcd
by the Blouse is not here, and those to whom ho
has sub-let the work will not proceed with it.
Mr. GROW. Right here, with the consent of
my colleague, I wish to make a statement in ref-
erence to the failure of the consular and diplo-
matic bill to bo printed the other day. It is very
well known that the bills in the hands of the
standing committees of the Blouse are not printed.
; This bill had only recently been reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means, and there had
not been time to print it. I understand that the
bill has now been printed.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is all very well, so
far as it goes; but it docs not reach the point to
which I am speaking.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I will say to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, that 1 am informed
that the Senate Printer is now doing the printing
of the House which the House Pi inter fails to
execute.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then lie is doing it with-
out authority of law. If the Superintendent of
Public Printing has delegated that tiust which
belongs to the House Printer to the Printer of tho
' Senate, he has, in my judgment, not done it ill
' pursuance of any provision of law.
| Mr. McCLERNAND. I did not say the Su-
| perintendent of Public Printing had made tho
' change. J suppose the gentleman from Pennsyl-
i vania will not deny that Mr. Ford had the right
j to employ the Pnnlei of the Senate to do the
j work.
| Mr. FLORENCE. The communication this
| morning read from the Superintendent of Public
i Printing states that the House Printer, or those
; employed by him, refused positively to do the
i work at the price fixed by law; how, then, is it
'i be doner I know nothing about his arrangement
; with any sub-contractor, nor do 1 care. I wish,
| gentlemen, as I said at the outset, to look at the
I matter practically and fully in the face. Ouv
| printing is not being done. The House Punter
j cannot peifonn it; he has not, within the pur-
| view of ihc law, made any provision for tho per-
i furmance of it, neither has the Senate Pi inter; so
! that I do not care for cither of them so far as they
