1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
arc conccrncd as individuals, nor do I want to
relieve either of them from any censure properly
attaching to them. Nor do I desire to reflect un-
justly upon either. 1 only say that if I under-
stood the statement made by the gentleman from
New York from the Committee on Printing, [Mr.
Haskin,] the other day, a very large sum of
money has been made by the Senate Printing,
amounting, I believe, to more than forty-six thou-
sand dollars, and by the House Printer, amount-
ing to some twelve thousand dollars—either of
which sums would be a very large fortune for
most of us, certainly one which I should be willing
to receive, not for my service for a few months,
but foi my whole lite. I say that this amount
has been received by these men; and, in my
opinion, it is too much for any man to make in
the performance of n duty in which he invests
not one dollar in money or brains.
Now, sir, I merely desire to ask the House, as
I have said, to look practically at this matter.
The exigency, the situation m which we are
placed, is not one which calls for the indulgence
of any personal feelings. The Committee on Pub-
lic Printing, composed, as the gentleman says, of
Jefferson Davis, Senator Frrcu, and Senator
Anthony, in the Senate, and of two^entlcmen in
this House, to either of whom 1 am willing to
concede integrity and honesty of purpose m tho
exercise of the functions properly devolving on
them, concluded to conlirm the contract entered
into for the purchase of this printing office. I
think the matter of this purchase is entirely irre-
levant to the question under consideration; and I
only refer to u because gentlemen have brought
it into this debute. I believe, from infoinuition
I-diave obtained within a few moments, that the
purchase which how been made is a judicious one.
1 understand it to have been approved by the
Secretary of the Interior; and 1 am very willing
to accord to him, and to the joint committee of
Congress, the credit of liavmgexereised a proper
discretion in confirming the contract; and 1 am
willing further to contain their judgment by my
vote, if it be necessary. Gentlemen have referred
to the price paid for the building, and said that it
could have been pui chased for less. Now, in the
first place, I do not believe the building was ever
offered for £,80,000; and I do not believe it could
be built and furnished for £40,000 more than the.
pries paid for it. Ilence, ) think that the gentle-
man from Illinois had not that sort of authority
which could justify him in making the statement
which he did to-day. So far as that is concerned,
however, I only reter to it lor the purpose of .show-
ing that we have not tlw facts befoie us, and that
we arc hen* iejMslaiiht; blindly.
Mr. McCLkRJNAND. 11 the gentleman will
permit me, i will say that perhaps { made my
statement lather too stiong. 1 rani" t state, fiom
my own knowledge, i liat anv such ofier was made.
Ail I intend*d to say was that i understood this
printing: establishment might have been pur-
chasedlast fall for s8O,0OO; and that, m fact, it
was worth much less than that—peihaps not more
than $40,000. Whether, in point of fact, it was
offered for the sum of <j>80;000, I do not know.
Mr. FLORENCE. From the lnfoimation T
have, 1 behove the price paid for it is not too
large. Now, sir, m the first place, I was pro-
ceeding to say that gentlemen should .take into
consideration the fact that we a re m absolute want
of this printing for the purposes of legitimate
legislation.
1 assure you, Mr. Speaker and the House, that
the onlv desire i have in this matter is to have
the public business properly and promptly con-
ducted. It is true that neither the Senate Printer
nor the Pi in lor f;>i ihe House, who have pledged
themselves to do thtn duty under the law, have
at all done so. I defy denial of the fact that they
have gone outside of the law. Eat I am willing
to take the resolution reported from the Commit-
tee on Printing, if it be necessary, I am willing
that its consideration shall be postponed until
Mr. Ford, who is now suiTenng fiom illness,
and detained in a distant city, shall hate arrived
in AVashiugton. f am willing to give an oppor-
tunity to him to make pioper arrangemeiKs for
the execution of U'e punting. "When the gemle-
hiuii fiom Xvent :J?y [Mr. Burnett] suggested^
the postponement ol the fuither consideration of
the question, I was willing, while ready to vote
to adopt the resolution, to concede that much. I
am willing that the resolution shall be postponed
until Tuesday next, with the understanding that
it shall -then be taken up and disposed of. I de-
mand the previous question on the motion to refer.
Mr. COX. I move that the resolution be laid
upon the table.
Mr. HASKIN. After the statement of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. McClernand,] that
Mr. Ford, the House Printer, will be here on Sat-
urday, I will say for the Committee on Printing,
that it does not object to the postponement of the
further consideration of the resolution until Tues-
day next. A few days ago, when the considera-
tion of one of the appropriation bills was post-
poned because it was not printed, I made an
explanation, and gave notice that I would, at as
early a day as possible, submit, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, a proposition to remedy the
existing evil in reference to the printing of this
House, and I have fulfilled my promise and dis-
charged my duty to the House in submitting the
resolution now under consideration. I do not
object to the postponement of the further consid-
eration of the resolution until Tuesday next. I
demand the yeas and nays on the motion to lay
upon the tdble.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the resolution
was laid upon the table.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Air. GILMER. I rise to a privileged question.
When the House was acting on the motion that
when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to
meet on Monday next, I demanded the yeas and
nays. The call was not recognized by the Chair,
and the motion was stated by him to be decided
in the affirmative. I did demand the yeas and
nays befoie the question was decided, as the mem-
bers around me will rccollect. I am opposed fo
the adjournment over; and I now move to recon-
sider the vote by which the House agreed that
when it adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Mon-
day next; and on that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
Air. KUNKEL. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. GILMER. 1 demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. If the motion to adjourn be
agreed to, whnt is the Chair's decision m refer-
ence to the adjournment over? I hold that if the
House now adjourns, while the motion to recon-
sider is pending, we must meet here to-morrnw,
at twche o'clock, m. [Cues of "Oh, no!"]
That is my opinion. Until the motion to recon-
sider is acted upon, I hold that the adjournment
over is not complete.
Mr BUPNETT. I understand that the House
has already agreed to adjourn over until Monday
next. If, then, we adjourn now, I insist that the
House does not meet to-morrow, but on Monday
next, it must be recollected that the motion to
reconsider has not yet been adopted.
Mr. STANTON. The motion to adjourn over,
although adopted, is inoperative until action is
taken upon the pending motion to reconsider.
The motion to adjourn over stands now as if it
had not been adopted at all. [Cries of "No!"
"No!"] If certainly does.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the Chair
whether, if we adjourn now, the first business on
Monday will not'be this motion to reconsider the
vote by which the House adjourned over? [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER.. The motion to reconsider
will have fallen by its own weight before Mon-
day morning. [Renewed laughter.] The Chair
decides that if the House adjourns now, it will he
to meet on Monday next. The motion to recon-
sider has not been agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. " I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I demand tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Howard, of
Ohio, and John Cochrane weie appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayt s forty-four, noes not counted.
Mr." BURNETT. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I renew it.
Mr. GILMER. I demand the yeas and hays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOCOCK. I did not raise the question of
order before, because I had not made upmy mind
on it. I now submit the question to tfie Chair.
The proposition of the gentleman from Nojrth
Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] in my opinion, involves
the question of fixing the time to which this
House shall stand adjourned. It has been held,
over and over again, that a proposition to fix the
time to which the House shall stand adjourned
takes precedence of a motion to adjourn". I make
the point that the motion of the gentleman from
North Carolina, involving, as it docs, the ques-
tion of fixing the time to which this House shall
stand adjourned, takes precedence of a motion to
adjourn, and must be first acted upon.
Mr. STANTON. That is the point I made.
I ask the Clerk to read the paragraph on page
145 of the Manual, which I have marked..
The Clerk read, as follows;
C£ ' [The effect of the pendency of a motion to reconsider,,
according to the univei&al usage, is to stipend the original
proposition,]' but 'where the teim of the members ex-
pnes without acting on the motion to reconsider far the
want of time or inclination, the motion of course fails,
and leaves tho original proposition operative.'—Opinion
of Mr. Speaker Orr, and als-o of Mr. Speaker Banks, m
the ease of a resolution directing the payment of money
out of the contingent fund of the House, wbeie Congress
adjourned sine die pending a motion to reconsider the vote
by which it was adopted."
Mr. STANTON. I think it stands just as
though no vote had been taken on the motion to
adjourn over whenever a motion to reconsider is
made and pending. If we adjourn now, I insist
upon it that we meet here to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. When first made, the point
of order came upon the Chair suddenly. He is
satisfied that the decision he has made is not the
correct one; and he now decides that the motion
of the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Gil-
mer] to reconsider tho vote by which the House
agreed that when it adjourns to-day it be to meet
on Monday next, must be acted on before the
motion to adjourn can be entertained. On the
motion of the gentleman from Maiyland, [Mr.
Kuxkel,] that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table, the yeas and nays have *bee'n
ordered.
The question v/as then taken upon Mr. Kun-
kel's motion; and it was dccided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 103, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Alduch, Thomas L. Anderson,
William C Andei-;on, Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale, Bar-
ret, Beak', Bocoek. Bonham, Boyce, Branch, Biayton,
Blown, Bureh, Burhh«;ame, Bmnett, Case, Horace F.
Clink, John 1'. Chukj Ciopton, John Cochrane, Cox, Bur-
ton Oiawfoid, Curiy, John G. Davis, l)e Jametto,
Dohmo, Edjjprton, EdmumKon, English, Flotence, Fouke,
Giainett, Gaitrell. Gtaham, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris,
Hawkins, Hill, Hiridman, Holman, Houston,William How-
ard, flugbef, Iiiifclims. Jaekt-on, Jenkins, Jones;, ICenyon,
Kuhkel, Landrum, Larrabee, Love, Lovejoy, Maclay,
Chaiies D. Mainn, Elbert Martin, McClernand, Mc-
Qriiyen, Milo, MUhvanl, Montgomery, Sydenham Moore,
Morrill, Motsr, Niblaclc, Ni\on, IVoeil, Pendleton, Pryor,
Pugh, Qnailes, Reagan, Riggs, James C. Robinson, Ruffin,
Seott, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles, Simnis, Singleton,
William Smith, Spautding, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,
Thomas, Underwood, Vance, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Elhhu B. Wabhburne, Israel B. Washburn,
Wub^tc.i, Wlutrlcy, Wilson, Windom, Winslow, Wood-
son, and Wtight—103.
NAYS—Messis. Gieen Adam*, Allen, Alley, Ashley,
Ban, Binchani, Blair, Blake, Buggs, Buifmton. Buinham,
Buuoi field, Cat cy, Cai tor, Cobb, Coliax, Conkhng, Covode,
James Ciaic, Dawes, Edwaids, Eliot,Ely, Etheiidge, Fen-
ton, Fosteij Frank, Gilmer, Gooch, Giow, Gmley, Hale,
John T. Harris, Hattuu, Ht'lnuck, Hickman, Hoard. Irvine,
Junkm, Fionot*; W. Krllogsr, KtJgore, K.Minger,DeWitt C.
Leacn, James M. Leach, Leake,"Lee, Logan, Lonsrnec-ker,
Loomis, Malloiy, Maynard, McKenty', McKmght, Mi-lMiei-
son, Laban T. Mooie,Mooihoad, Ed waul Joy Moms, Pal-
mer, Peny.Pettit, Peyton, Porter, Potter, Pottle,Edwin R.
Reynolds," John H.Reynolds. Rice, Boyce, William N. H.
Smith, Spinnes, Stanton, William Stewart, StoLcs, Stout,
I Thavcr, Theakei, Tompkins Tram, Trimble, Vandever,
; WjxIo, Walton, and Weils—83.
j So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
I table. _
During the vote,
Mr. MAYNARD stated that Mr. Brabsojj
was still detained from the House in consequence
of a severe injury.
Mr. STOUT stated thatMr. Buaca was absent
in attendance upon the special committee of thirty-
three.
Mr. aUARLES stated that his colleague, Mr
Nelson, was absent in attendance upon the spe-
cial committee of thirty-three.
