mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20.
liacco, §1,742:000. The average rate of ,du„ties on
these articles was a littie less than 20 per cent.
The sugar and molasses now pay, 24 per cent.;
inanufacturcs of wool pay 24,19, and 15 per cent.,
according to thedifFerentclasses;_two thirds come
in at 24, and most of the remainder at 19. On
manufactures of cotton, the duties are 24, 19, and
15 per cent., according to the grades; about one
sixth comes in,at the lower rates, and the rest at
24 per cent. Manufactures of silk pay 24, 19,
and 12 per cent. Moat of the revenue on these
articles is at 19 psr cent. Manufactures of iron
and stael pay 24, 15, and-12per cent.; and nearly
tjbg whole class of goods is at the 24 per cent,
rate of duty. Wines, spirits, ale, and porter 30
percent.-, cigars and tobacco, 30 and 24 per cent.,
mostly the higher rate.
It was proved by the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, this morning, thatthetanffof 1846, as amended
by the substitute of the Senator from Ot-egon,
would^Mfise more money than the bill we have
under consideration. He said it would be about
the same with the free list of the tariff of 1857;
but if we restore the tariff of1846, without that ex-
tended free list, as a matter of revenue, we shall
raise more money by adopting the substitute of
the Senator from Oregon than by this tariff bill.
It has been proved by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania that we shall lose millions upon millions oi
dollars on the article of sugar alone, and you pro-
pose to tax tea and coffee because you take a duty
off other articles from which, underformer tariffs,
we have raised a revenue to sustain the Govern-
mentin its expenditure* Why make thischange >
Why not take the tariff that proved eminently
successful ? Why not adopt the tariff of 1846,
that raised revenue enough to support all the wants
of the Government, and more than enough, and
satisfied every section of the country? In 1842,
we introduced a new system, the system of spe-
cifics, and that was one of the greatest failures as
a revenue system that wo have ever had. That
tariff was soon superseded by the tariff of 1846,
which satisfied every section of the country, pro-
tected every domestic interest that really required
protection, and gave us a revenue such as no other
tariff ever had giver, before. We abandoned that
tariff because it gave more revenue than would
support the Government. Now, when we have
not revenue enough under the tariff of 1857 to sup-
port the Government, let us recnact the act of
1846, which did support the Government, and
gave us more money than we wanted.
The Senator from Pennsylvania says he has
attempted, so far as he was concerned, to make
the specific duties in this bill correspond with the
ad valorem duties of the tariff of 1846. Why not
adopt that tariff itself > The tariff of 1842 was an
experiment, in regard to the specifics and mini-
mums, and it was afailuie; but the tariff of 1846,
which adopted the ad valorem system, was a great
success. Why should we, at this time of imminent
peril to the country, change a system that was so
eminently successful, and which yielded us reve-
nue enough foi all the wants of the "Government, to
adopt one that was a failure, the worst failuie of
a revenue system we ever hud since the Consti-
tution was adopted > Under the tariff of J840, we
shall raise as much money as we can possibly
under this tariff, and leave out the duty on tea and
coffee. That was demonstrated this morning by
the figures introduced by a friend of this very
tariff; and when I asked him the question, he
could not deny it. Ho said the revenue would be
about the same under this bill as under the tariff^
of 1846, if you adopt the free list of the tariff of
1857; and if you do not adopt that, it is larger.
Now, Mr. President, so far as I am concerned,
1 am in favor of a tariff that will create revenue to
carry on this Government. I represent a constit-
uency more than any other in this whole Confed-
eracy m favor of free trade. We produce gold;
and wc want free trade with the whole world, but
we want revenue also. This Government has not
much money in the Treasury, and 1 am for put-
ting money in the Treasury. Unlike the Senator
from Illinois—who said he would vote for the
substitute of the Senator from Oregon in prefer-
ence to this bill, and then vote against it, if that
substitute was adopted—I shall vote for it, be-
cause I know it will put more revenue into the
Treasury; and my constituents are ready to pay
any amount of duties on a revenue standard that
are necessary to can y on this Government. They
are not afraid of paying duties to carry on the
Government; but they do not want to change the
taxing system of thia-Government. They do nat
wish to resort to a system that givps protection
first, and that makes revenue an incident, as does
the present bill. They do not want to go back
to the principle of the tariff of 1842, of specific
duties. The tariff of 1846 was an eminent suc-
cess; the tariff of 1842 was agreat failure. It is
only necessary to restore the tariff of 1846, with
a few changes in the schedules, to give us a rev-
enue that will carry on the Government. It car-
ried on the Government during its oxistence, and
gave us more money than we wanted; and we re-
duced it because we had more money than we
wanted. Now, when the present tariff does not
produce the revenue that is required to carry onthe
Government, let us restore this experiment which
was so successful. The other experiment of spe-
cific duties was a failure.
I am in favor of striking out the duty on tea
arid coffee. It is unnecessary. If you will adopt
the tariff of 184G, it is not at all necessary. It has
been demonstrated by friends of this measure that
it will produce more revenue than this very tariff
bill. It does not change the system that has
worked so admirably for sixteen or seventeen
years past—the ad valorem system; and if yon
adopt the substitute of the Senator from Oregon, it
is unnecessary to tax tea or coffee at all to makeup
the deficicncy that is created by striking down tile
duty on sugar. Therefore, I hope that the amend-
ment even to limit this duty on tea and coffee to
two years will not be adopted, because it will in
some degree equalize the amount collected by this
bill to the amount that would be collected under
the tariff of 1846, without taxing tea or coffee.
Hence, it would create more of an equality in the
revenues of this Government if this was stricken
out. Without it, the substitute of the Senator
from Oregon will give us more revenue. With
this,ltmay etjuahzeit. Therefore, being in favor
of that substitute, I am in hopes the Senate will
strike out this tax on tea and coffee.
Mr. HALE. 1 have said but very little about
this bill, because I know but little about it, and I
do not propose to say much now; but 1 represent
a people upon whom the tax on tea, and coffee,
and sugar, and iron is an unmitigated and unre-
quited burden, save what is found in the geneial
prosperity of the country. This tariff bill' so far
as 1 understand it, is not for the protection of the
people that 1.represent; and I think the only ben-
efit they are to have from it is to be found in the
general prosperity of the country which is to be
anticipated from the change that may be pro-
duced. But, sir, I am in favor of putting a duty
upon tea and ooilco, and keeping it upon sugar
as it stands in the bill; and when 1 say thatl am
not afraid of any demagogues, nor of what any
demagogues may say to the people of New Hamp-
shire, though, when 1 vote for it, 1 vote for an
unmitigated burden on the people whom I repre-
sent—every one of tliem that uses these articles,
I do it for the same reason that the Treasury notes
were reduced to the small amountof §50: because
I can say to my people that the necessities of a
common country requin d it. We put the loan
down to $50, and I wish it had been £20, so that
the Government might appeal to the whole ueo-
ple,andask thorn to come up and put their should-
ers to the wheel and help to lift the Government
out of the condition in winch it has found itself.
This duty upon tea and coffee is in the same sit-
uation, and it is suppoited by substantially the
same philosophy; and though I represent a peo-
ple who occupy as sterile n soil, perhaps, as any
one of the States, a people that have to work, anil
do work, about as liuid os the people of any State
in the Union, and who feel the burdens of taxa-
tion as keenly as anybody, 1 have that confidence
in their patuotism, in their love of country, and
in their appreciation of truth and justice, to think
that they will be willing to submit to the burdens
imposed on tea and coffee for the purpose of rais-
ing the revenue that is necessary to carry on the
Government.
Sir, we are in a perilous condition. The coun-
try has been living under Democratic rule until
it is now eating the ripened fruit of it; and I think
the best exposition of it is found in that pious
emanation of the President of the United States 
his pioclamation tor a fast. Whenever I want,
here or elsewhere, talking to my own people or
anybody else, a commentary, a touching and
searching commentary upon the fruits of Demo-
cratic misrule, I shall read President Buchanan's
proclamation for a fast; and if I found any old
lady in the State of New Hampshire who, as .she
sipped her tea, thought the price of it had been
raised by this duty, I would tell her: " Good
woman, read Mr. Buchanan's proclamation for a
fast, and then submit with patience to the'increased
burdens that are imposed on you for the purpose
of raising the country out of that depth to which
the President himself tells you, when he has an
hour of pious sincerity upon him, the country has
been reduced." You will find it in the proclama-
tion of the President; and in that I read the neces-
sity, just as strong as if it was written by the pen
of inspiration, for every effort that we can make
by taxing tea and coffee, and anything else that
is necessary to give increased revenue to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The honorable Senator
from New Hampshire, I think, is a little mistaken
in attributing the present wan t of credit and means
by the Government to the Democracy. I have
only to refer him to the fact that in October last,
when the Government wanted to borrow money
at 5 per cent., its bonds were at a premium. Now,
it is barely possible to obtain money at 11 or 12
per cent.; and at 6 per cent., it cannot borrow at
all. Why is that? It is because the country saw
in November that it was not going to be under
Democratic rule for the next four years. The
credit of this country fell on the 7th day of Novem-
ber, when it was understood that Lincoln and
Hamlin were elected. The credit went down like
a shooting star; and I tell the honorable Senator
that, if he wishes to restore the Government credit,
he has only to effect this: if it could be known to-
morrow that Lincoln and Hamlin had resigned,
the credit of this country would be bunyantagain.
That, I think, is the fact. So far, therefore, from
the Democracy having brought it down 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him, would it not be also necessary that
the country should understand that Mr. Floyd was
going back into the War Department ? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. Floyd's going into it or
remaining out had nothing in the world to do with
the matter—not in the slightest. They are con-
necting an immaterial circumstance. The whole
people understand that it was because this coun-
try was not to be under Democratic rule that its
credit failed. Gentlemen can restore it. in a week
by getting their candidates to resign. The Gov-
ernment will then be able to borrow money on as
good terms as it could have done last November.
Mr. SIMMONS. I find that every time there
is un amendment proposed, the tariff of 1846 is
brought up, and wc have a dissertation on that.
1 thought 1 would say nothing about the tariff of
1846 until the amendment was up; but I now wish
to state exactly the operations of that tariff. For
the last few years of its operation it was admin-
istered ably by a man who for his integrity arid
intelligence now enjoys a wide fame. Hm loy-
alty to his duties has become proverbial through-
out the world; I mean Mr. Guthrie. Nobody
evei doubted his honesty; noboity ever doubted
his ability. He and the'Secretary of State I Mr.
Marcy] ledcemed the character of the lust Admin-
istration from utter ruin. Under that tariff, Mr.
Guthrie addressed several reports to Congress
stating what the operation of it was. 1 have taken
fiom the returns of the Treasury the average rate
of duties paid under that tariff. In ]852lt was
27.011 per cent. I have stated two or three times
to the Senate that the average rate of duty under
that bill was27 2-9 percent. Before 1851 or 1852,
it paid within 1-9 of 1 per cent, of all its figures
called for; but during the next six years, it fell
from 27 per cent, down to 19, while the law re-
mained precisely as it was, not a schedule altered.
It fell more tnan 1 per cent, a year merely by
frauds. Mr. Guthrie so stated to Congress; and
1 want my colleague to read what Mr. Guthrie
said on this wonderfully successful tanif that fell
m five years 7percent., when the duties remained
just the same I At the end of five years it did not
give three fourths of the amount of money it did
five years before. If my colleague will read this
extract, ( think that will put a stop to ail allusions
to the tariff of 1846, as a fit subject to return to
by any decent people.
