1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
loves justice, equity, and right, and does not wish
to pamper perjury, will vote for my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to have the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. A single word on this prop-
osition.
Several Senators . Let us vote.
Mr. SIMMONS. This is merely hampering
this bill with other questions. If the Senator
desires to have this bounty repealed, let him bring
in a separate bill for that purpose.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll; and
Mr. Anthony answered to liis name
Mr. MASON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER The calling
of the roll has commenced.
Mr. MASON. But one word.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. By the unan-
imous consent of the Senate, the Senator from
Virginia can continue The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. MASON I have but one word to say in
reply to what the Senator from Rhode Island has
said You cannot fill the Treasury unless you
stop the leaks; and if you want to fill the Treas-
ury, you should stop this leak.
The cqjling of the roll was continued; and the
result was announced—yeas 18, nays 27; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, firagg, Bright,Clingman, Fiteli,
Green, Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter, Jolm -cm of Arkansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Latliam, Mason, Nicholson,
Powell, Rice, and Sebastian—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bingham, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Claik, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Dur-
kee, Fessendftn, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, l(m«,
Morrill, Seward, Simmons, Sumner Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not desire to delay final
action on this bill; but there is one amendment I
must move to it; because, on the vote of the Senate
on that amendment will depend my own vote for
or against the bill. After it is read, I shall make
as brief a statement as I can of the principle upon
which it is founded.
The Secretary read the amendment, in line seven
of section twenty-four, nfrer the word u ad valo-
rem," to insert the following proviso:
Provided, Tliatthe duly imposed In' tlie piovisionsot'this
act on any article wlMtfOever, except wine, brandy, or
otliei spirituous liquor, bhall not exceed 30 per ceututn on
'lie value thereof on board at the port from which it is ex-
ported.
So that the section will read*
Sec. 21. Jlndbe it further enacted, That from and after
the day and year aloiesaid, tlieie shall be levied, collected,
und paid on the imputation of all ia\v or unmanufac-
tured articles, not heroin enumerated or provided for, a
duty of Iu per centum ad valorem; and on all ai tides man-
ufactured iu whole or m pait, not herein enumerated or
provided for, a duty of SO per centum ad valorem; Pro-
vided, That the duty imposed by the piovisions of this act
on any article whatsoever, except wine, brandj, or othei
spiutuons liquors, shall not exceed y0 per centum of the
value theieof on board at the poit fioui whieh it is ex
poited.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr.President, I will state,as
briefly as possible, the general reasons which in-
duce me to oiler this amendment, and why it will
control my vote. I will not attempt to illustrate
it as I had intended to do; because I think the
Senate are impatient to take the vote on the bill;
and whether the amendment be adopted or not, 1
do not know that any argument I could make
would effect its fate. I shall content myself with
simply stating the general principle.
This bill, on its face, provides two classes of
duties, ad valorem and specific I profess to be in
favor of specific duties on certain classes of arti-
cles, not as a universal rule, because there are
many things to which I think it is not applica-
ble. The bill is framed on that basis; but I ob-
ject to making a specific the means of covering a
prohibitory duty; that is, an amount beyond what
is perfectly well known as the revenue standard.
The effect, then, of this amendment is merely to
restrict the amount of duty; that it shall m no
case go beyond 30 per cent, ad valorem. It does
not disturb the specific duties imposed upon the
different articles mentioned in the bill, unless
they exceed that amount. If they do, it restrains
them to that extent. The committee who reported
the bill 10 the Senate have adopted that principle.
Where the ad valorem system is presented ob-
viously and plainly, they have not gone beyond
30 per cent, as the revenue standard. There is
no class of articles in the bill to which the ad va-
lorem duties apply, in which the duty exceeds 30
per cent, ad valorem,; but under specific duties,
it is alleged that many of the duties will run up
from 40 to GO, 80, and even over 100 per cent. If
that be so, I consider that class of duties as pro-
hibitory in its character; and I consider it objec-
tionable; because, although it may be in your
power to impose these duties—you certainly have
the power to impose any duty you please—it is
an abuse of the purposes for which the Constitu-
tion intrusted you with the power to place duties
on imports. That power was given to the Fed-
eral Congress for the purpose of supporting the
Government. That is the primary object of the
power.
Now, sir, I admit that, in the adjustment of
duties, you have a right to look to the industrial
interests of the country, and you have a right to
give incidental protection to your own industry,
provided the aggregate of the tax which you im-
pose upon the people of the country is not greater
than is necessary for the purposes of the expend-
itures of the country; but I am not willing to go
beyond that. I am not willing to impose any
duty which will have the effect, by ;ts prohibitory
character, of reducing the revenue which would
be derived from the same article at a lc3s duty. I
am willing to increase the amount to the utmost
limit of the revenue standard—and that I suppose
to be 30 per cent., with rare exceptions. I have
excepted, in that amendment, wines, brandies,
and spirituous liquors;' because the Senate have
already chosen to impose 40 per cent, upon wines,
and I do not seek to controvert that. I suppose
on articles of that kind you may impose a higher
duty than 30 per cent., and yet you will get a
greater amount of money, though I still think the
tendency of these high duties is always to increase
frauds. I do not know what the exact amount
of duty is upon brandies and other spirituous
liquors, but it seems to me it will exceed 30 per
cent. I am willing to except these articles. They
are not matters of protection at all, in anyway.
But, sir, I am opposed to the principle thatMr.
Clay abandoned years ago, of protection for the
sake of protection. I am willing to give the pro-
tection that is incident to raising the amount of
revenue necessary to meet the expenses of the
country. I am willing to impose a tax, provided
it does not go beyond the revenue standard on
those articles that are produced in the country—
which I understand to be the principle of inci-
dental protection—leaving tea, coffee, and other
articles free, and imposing a duty upon those arti-
cles that are manufactured in the country. The
effect of a duty of 30 per cent, will go, in my
judgment, to the ultimate revenue standard. I
suppose that must have been the judgment of the
committee, because they make that the highest
class of duty which they impose by the name of
an ad valorem duty.
Now, sir, if there be no specific duty in the
bill which extends beyond 30 per cent, ad valo-
rem, this provision will be perfectly harmless.
It does not affect anything on which there is a
specific duty under that amount; it is simply re-
strictive in its character. It embodies the princi-
ple that I mention, and which I am willing to go
for—protection incidental to the collection of the
amount of levenue sufficient to support the Gov-
ernment of the country—and I will vote any ex-
tent of revenue which is necessary for that pur-
pose; but I will not agree to impose a duty the
effect of which is to diminish the revenue, in or-
der to protect one class of industry in the country
at the expense of the people at 'large. That is
the basis of the amendment I will ask for the
yeas and nays upon it. I consider it a necessary
restriction; and upon the vote on the amendment
will depend my vote oirthe bill.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I am in favor of
the amendment offered by the Senator from Del-
aware; but I rise now principally to vindicate the
reputation of a very distinguished gentleman from
the statements that were made by the Senator from
Rhode Island—I refer to the late Secretary of the
Treasury, Mr. Guthrie. The Senator has quoted
him as authority here in favor of this bill. I will
send to the Secretary's desk to be read what Mr.
Guthrie said on this subject. I want him to speak |
for himself. I have marked out certain extracts
which I ask the Secretary to read; and then I
shall have some remarks to make.
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to know if the Sen-
ator undertakes to say that I made any imputa-
tion on the character of the late Secretary of the
Treasury, Mr. Guthrie?
Mr. GWIN. I think so, in saying that he was
in favor of specific duties.
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not say any such thing;
but I read from his report what he said about this
tariff of 1846.
Mr. GWIN. I am going to read from it to
showwhat he thought of it, and to vindicate his
reputation, and to prove that he did not recom-
mend any such thing.
The Secretary read the following extracts from
the annual report of the Secretary of the Tieas-
ury, dated December 1, 1856:
" After determining to raise revenue by a tariff or tax
upon imports, the question arises as to the best mode of
fixing the amount. It may be done by levying a specific
sum, with or without mimmums, on all articles ot weight
or measure, or by a certain per cent, on the foreign value
or on the home value, or by a combination of the specific
and ad valorem principles. The first mode requires weigh-
ers, gaugeis, and measurers for the ascertainment of the
quantity, and with that the sum to be paid. The second
requires not only weighers, gaugers, and measurers to as-
ceitain the quantity, but appraisers, to ascertain the for-
eign or home value, and with that, the sum to be paid. The
first has but one set of officers; while the second lias the
same set, and appraisers in addition. The weiyhers,
gaugers, and measurers may, from accident, want of knowl-
edge, 01 design, fail in ascertaining the true quantity, and
so may the appraisers the dutiable value. In the first case,
there may be errors to the prejudice of the Government;
in the second case, like errors may, for like causes, exist
in appraisement; and, with the double set of officers, the
chances of enor and fraud are doubled. The specificsum
attaches alike to all quantities, and lesults in unequal and
unjust taxation. The article that costs $1 pays the same
tax as the article that costs $5. A strong sense of the in
justice, resulting from levying a fixed sum, with or without
a minimum, upon all articles, no matter what the differ-
ence in value, renders it inexpedient and unjust to resort
to that mode of levying duties. Those who tavor a taiiff
for protection prefer a .specific tax ; because the tax is gen-
erally higher, and always the same, notwithstanding the
fluctuations in the foreign and home value. Those who
favor a tax for revenue desire ad valorem duties as the most
equal and equitable mode that a just Government can re-
port to. If, io avoid the injustice and inequality resulting
fiom specific taxation,it is provided the value thall also be
ascertained, and a specific sum attached, pro rata,accord-
ing to the value, it becomes ad valorem."
******* k* *
" In addition to what is there said, it is suggested, that
the ad valorem principle has been in foice and practiced
for ten years, is well understood by the experts m the Tieas-
ury and in the custom-houses, and most of the questions
which have presented themselves, during the ten years of
it5? ope>atiori, have had the decision ot the Department,and
many of thein the sanction of the judiciary. I do not think
it w mid be oxpedientnow to make a change, and give up
the knowledge and expeuence of the past ten years."
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I think the extract
which has just been read presents the strongest
argument that could be made against this tariff.
It is the strongest condemnation of this principle
that I could present to the Senate. Mr. Secretary
Guthrie never recommended specifics further than
to simplify the schedules, and to reduce the rev-
enue; he preferred the existing system under the
tariff of 1846 over that which is now proposed.
In his report he says that it is against the true
policy of the Government to give up the ad valorem
system. He has said precisely what T said when
I was on the floor before, that those who are in
favor of a tariff to raise revenue prefer the ad
valorem system; and those who wanted protection
were m favor of specifics. When he was called
upon to present a plan to reduce the revenues, he
recommended us, if we desired to reduce the rev-
enues, to introduce specifics, for that system of
duties strikes at the revenue; and if we wanted to
raise revenue, to take the ad valorem system.
I desire to ask the Senate and the country what
tariff carried us through the Mexican war ? What
system of revenue carried us through that war,
one of the most expensive in which this Govern-
ment was ever engaged ? It was the tariff of 1846.
Our bonds were never under par .during the whole
of that war, a war which, as reported by a Sec-
retary of the Treasury of the same political sen-
timents with the Senator from Rhode Island, cost,
including the bounties to soldiers, $217,000,000.
During all that time, the bonds of the Govern-
ment, the loans of the Government, were above
par. The tariff of 1846 was the cause of their
being above par. When it was desired to bring
down the excessive duties under that tariff—for
we collected more under it than we wanted—Mr.
