98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
one way or another. I do not want to be annoyed
any more by those claims, or these claimants.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
Mr. HALE. With the consent of the Senator
from Maine, as the whole subject is before the
Senate, I will withdraw the amendment I offered,
and let the vote be on the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nonaction hav-
ing been had on the amendment, it is competent
for the Senator to withdraw it.
Mr. HAMLIN. It seems to me there are two
points which suggest themselves to the consider-
ation of the Senate in this matter. The first one
is, and goes to the entire merits of the case, is it
wise, or just, or proper, to open this commission
at all ?
Mr. COLLAMER. To create a new one ?
Mr. HAMLIN. To revive the old one or
create a new one. I think the Senate understood
what I meant, if I did not use the most happy lan-
guage in presenting the idea. The first point is this:
whether we will create anew commission ? There
are in the Treasury a little more than two hundred
thousand dollars of the fund which our Government
originally agreed to pay, under our treaty with
Mexico, to American claimants. Now, if there
are claimants who never submitted their claims to
the original commission, it presents a case where
I might very freely and very cheerfully institute
a new commission for that purpose. I think there
is eminent merit in doing that. If they were pre-
vented from presenting their claims by any cause
which did not arise from their own neglect, it
would be butjust that those claimants sliouldhave
a right to come in upon any amount of that fund
which has not already been expended; and I think
I would bedisposed to institute anew commission
for that purpose, and that purpose only.
But the bill as it has been reported to the Sen-
ate, and as it now stands before the Senate, will
amount to a revision of all the decisions that
were made by the previous commission which
were not favorable to the claimants; and I do not
believe that either just or wise. More than that,
it seems to me that the language of the bill itself
would justify a new commission in determining
upon claims which might have merit that had no
law to support them. I take it the treaty, and
the law passed in pursuance of the treaty, did
prescribe precisely what claims were to be paid
from the fund. Now, there might have been a
very great number of claims that had " merit"—
I think that is the word—there might have been
claims that had eminent merit m them, but that
were yet not included either within the treaty or
the terms of the law; and what could the com-
mission do hut exclude them on principles of law?
They had nothing to do with the terms either of
the treaty or of the law, and the commission
could not adjudicate upon them.
The language of this bill covers claims "which
were either not presented to the board" form-
erly appointed,11 or were notadjudicated on their
merits by the same," and authorizes this new
board " to decide thereon according to the pro-
visions of the said treaty," and to pay the amount
de- uled favorably. Is it not a fair construction
of the language of this bill, to say that, if a claim
has merit in it, although it does not come within
the terms of the original law, or the treaty on
which the law was based, this new commission
must consider it? It seems so to me. It is the
fair deduction to be drawn from it; and the com-
missioner who may be appointed-in pursuance of
this bill, should it become a law, would, I say,
be fairly called upon to adjudicate upon cases that
had in'rit in them. Then it would be setting
everything afloat, and you might go back to the
foi motion of this Government, and any man who
nr^ht have a claim that had some original merit,
and which, perhaps, ought rightfully to have
been included in some treaty, would present it,
and demand that the commission adjudicate upon
such a claim, and pay it to him. it is a perver-
sion of the spirit of both the treaty and the law
to divert tins fund to such a purpose.
Having indicated that I am disposed to rein-
state a commission for the purpose of adjudicating
upon honest claims that never have been pre-
sented, I will propose—the Senator fiom New
Hampshire having withdrawn his amendment—
to strike out of this bill the words which I have
enclosed in brackets in the printed copy which I
send to the desk: and I think it will be necessary
to make one other slight amendment. That will
confine the commission to the adjudication of
claims that have never been presented; and if
there are such, I am disposed to aid them; but
not to open this matter again to all the claims that
have once been decided upon, whether they have
what is technically called " merit" or not. I move
to strike out in section one, lines sixteen, seven-
teen, and eighteen, the words, " or were not ad-
judicated on their merits by the same, and to
decide thereon according to the provisions of the
said treaty;" and also to strike out the word
"either," in the fourteenth line.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, ifl could agree
to the facts as represented by the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia, I might vote against this
amendment, and for the hill; but, though I know
nothing of the individual claims 
Mr. POLK. Will the Senator from Delaware
allow me to ask the Senator from Maine if he will
give me the opportunity to present an amendment
intended to perfect that clause of the bill which
he proposes to strike out by his amendment,
before his amendment is voted upon ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly, thcSenatorcan do
that uMer the rules of the Senate without my
consent; but if it were otherwise, I would give
my consent most cheerfully.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri is in order,
being to perfect a clause which it is moved to
strike out.
Mr. POLK. My amendment is in the seven-
teenth line of the first section, to insert" nor upon
illegal grounds;" so as to make it read:
Which were oitlior not presented to tho board of com-
mifsionoid appointed under the act of the 3d oi'Maich, 1819,
or weiuuot adjudicated on their merits nor upon illegal
gi omuls.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the amend-
ments offered 1 do not purpose to consider. My
objection is to the entire bill. It seems to me that
it would be a very dangerous precedent indeed,
if 1 view the treaty with Mexico rightly—viewing
it, as I do, very differently from the honorable
Senator ftom Georgia. The $15,000,000 which
the United States stipulated by that treaty to pay
to Mexico have all been paid. The clause under
which any claim can by any possibility be made
against this Government, is the fifteenth article
of the treaty. The thirteenth and fourteenth arti-
cles recite the fact of existing claims against Mex-
ico on the part of American citizens, some of
which had been adjudicated, and some of which
had not; and the fifteenth article exonerates Mex-
ico entirely fiom all those claims by American
citizens, and agrees (which is a common form of
treaty stipulation on the part of the United States)
to be answerable for all claims of American citi-
zens upon that Government arising from that
exoneration, to an amount notexceeding the sum
of $3,250,000. The article then goes on to provide
that a board of commissioners shall be established
fur the purpose of deciding upon the validity of
all claims presented to that board which were
claims of citizens of the United States against
Mexico. Under the law passed to carry the treaty
into effect, commissioners were appointed; they
adjudicated upon all the claims presented to them
—very unfortunately on some; and by their final
adjudication, it appeared that all the claims, even
with the allowance of the fraudulent claim of
Gardiner, did^ not equal the amount which the
United States limited as the ultimate sum which
they would pay in satisfaction of the claims.
Atasubsequent session of Congress complaints
were made of the fraud connected with the Gar-
diner claim, and there were also more than sixty
petitions presented to Congress, complaining of
irregularities in the decisions of the commission-
ers, and presenting other claims outside of the
decisions. A special committee was raised in the
Senate at the first session at which I became a
member of the body. Of that committee I was
one. In the investigation which was had by the
committee, we examined every petition; we gave
public notice to the people of the United States
for all claimants to come in and present any claims
that they had, because one of the questions sub-
mitted to us was; whether, as theie was a resi-
duary fund, we would advise the creation of a
new commission, in order to decide upon existing
outstanding claims. After reviewing all those
claims, and investigating the Gardiner claim, with
great labor, the committee arrived at the conclu-
sion of reporting in favor of but two claims that
were then presented to us, and none whatever
other than those that were presented to us; and
although full notice was given to the world, none
of the claims now adverted to came before that
committee.
Now, what is the proposition? The United
States made a treaty twelve years ago. Under
that treaty, and by the law which was passed m
pursuance of it, they exonerated Mexico from
the claims of their own citizens, and they agreed
to pay all those claims, provided they did not ex-
ceed a certain amount. All the claimants had
notice. They did not choose to come in to the
first commission; they did not choose to come in
before a special committee of the Senate, who had
power to recommend a second commission, if the
circumstances justified it. They slept over their
rights, if any they had; and now, at the lapse of
twelve years, they come in and ask you to raise
a new commission—on what ground? On the
ground that this is a specific sum of money re-
maining in the Treasury, which would be the
property of Mexico if the United States did not
have to pay it to the claimants. I deny that, as
any just conclusion from the treaty with Mexico-
There is no stipulation to pay a cent to Mexico
except the $15,000,000. It has been paid. We
stipulated to pay all our own citizens'claims pre-
cisely as we did in the Florida treaty of 1819.
We there agreed, in consideration of the convey-
ance by Spain of the Floridas, that we would
assume all claims of the citizens of the United
States upon the Government of Spain, and that
we would appoint a board for the purpose of their
adjudication, and would pay them an amount not
exceeding $5,000,000. That board sat, and be-
fore that board the claims were presented. They
allowed many, and disallowed many; and the
amount that they did allow was not paid beyond
ninety-two per cent, of the principal. Mr.
Meade's, among other claims, was ruled out. It
has been in your halls of Congress, in order to get
at an adjudication of it by special act of Con-
gress, ever since. Have you done it? No.
What is the danger of the principle here?
Where you have with a foreign nation stipulated
for and obtained, by means of a benefit derived
to yourself, the right of the payment of claims of
your own citizens, and have assumed tfyem, and
when you give them all fair notice to come in
before a commission regulaily appointed, and
present those claims, and they refuse to do it, on
what principle is it that you can afterwards ap-
point a new commission? If you can do it on
the ground of the gross neglect of the parties in
not having presented their claims, it would be a
much stronger ground if there happened to be a
difference of opinion on the part of the Senate as
to any particular claim, and they thought the
commission had erred in its decision. In that
case, there would be a stronger ground for allow-
ing that claim to come in, because the party there
had done all he could do—he had shown dili-
gence, at least; the others have not; and if there
had been an error in the judgment, you would be
much more bound to conect it than you would,
in the case of a negligent party, to give him an
opportunity to come before a new commission.
In my judgment, the decision is final. Where
a Government, acting for its citizens, obtains for
them what they could not otherwise obtain, and
gives fair notice to all parties to present, for the
purpose of authentication and judicial decision,
their claims, and they refuse to present them,
they arc entirely barred. If this money, this
balance, belonged to Mexico, I should agree en-
tirely with the honorable Senator from Georgia,
that it is not our money, and that we might laise
a second commission if the claimants would come
in, or we. should bo bound to pay it to Mexico.
Hut, sir, read the stipulations of the treaty.
There is no semblance of such a claim on the
part of Mexico there. The United States were
to pay these claims out of their own money, out
of the general funds in the Treasury. They were
to appoint a commission to ascertain them, and
they did so. Before that commission, every
claim presented was heard. Some were rejected,
some were admitted; and the amount admitted
did not exhaust, not a separate fund, but the
limit which the United States agreed that they
would pay. Does that give any right to the neg-
