1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
Guthrie recommended that the best plan of bring-
ing them down was to introduce specifics, and to
reduce the number of the schedules. He never
said that he was m favor of specifics, except to
reduce the revenue. It is a system that never
brings revenue to the Treasury. It protects do-
mestic products. It was intended to protect them.
Specific duties are intended to protect the domes-
tic products of the country, and incidentally to
bring revenue to the Government. Ad valorems
bring revenue to the Government, and incidentally
protect the products of the country.
The Senator from Rhode Island now opposes
the reenactment of that tariff, professing, at the
same time, to want a tariff passed through the
Congress of the United States, to increase the
revenue. Experience has proved that the system
• of ad valorem duties will bring more money into
the Treasury than any other. The Senator de-
sires to introduce a system which Mr. Guthrie
recommended with a view to reduce the revenues
of the country; and now, when the object is to
increase these revenues, the Senator comes for-
ward and urges upon the Congress of the United
States to establish a system that destroys revenue;
that is to say, which reduces it, and brings it
below the wants of the Government, as was proved
by the tariff of 1842, which was based upon a
system of specifics and minimums, and which was
never defended here by anybody, because it was
a failure. Ail that Mr. Guthrie said in regard to
specifics, and the reduction of theschedules, there-
fore, was merely to reduce the revenue; not to
bring revenue into the Treasury. The tariff of
1846 brought too much revenue; and now, when
we have not got revenue enough, I say restore
that tariff. I do not want the Senator to be quot-
ing the authority of Mr. Guthrie for any prin-
ciple contained in this proposition; for he has
directly condemned it in the extracts I have had
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment offered by
the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. One word more. I suppose,
from what the Senator from Pennsylvania stated
this morning, that the amendment I offer cannot
in the slightest degree affect this bill injuriously
to the manufacturer. His statement was, that the
amount of specifics, so far at least as iron is con-
cerned—and I suppose it is the case with other
articles, imposed under the present bill before the
Senate—did not exceed, on the average, the du-
ties imposed by the tariff of 1846; and in some
cases fell short of them. Now, the tariff of 1846,
except on cigars, wines, brandies, and spirituous
liquors, imposed no duty exceeding 30 per cent.
My only object is to restrict these specific duties,
so that they shall not exceed thatamount—not to
disturb them, or to prevent the collection of rev-
enue in that mode.
Mr. SIMMONS I merely wish to state that
the Senator from Delaware cannot have read this
bill through. If he had, he would not have of-
fered that amendment. I have stated five or six
times, that we had put on broadcloths, for in-
stance, and woolen goods, specifically the same
duty that we put on the wool out of which it was
made. We put the average amount of the wool
duty upon the cloth. We keep the wool out, and
allow our folks to have wool at as low rates as
foreigners, and give them the benefit of 25 per
cent., &c. Now, tho Senatorcould not have per-
ceived the effect of his amendment. It destroys
the whole bill at once, and lets in woolen goods
without any reference to the wool of which they
are made being taxed; and so, too, of a great
many other articles.
I merely wish to call the Senator's attention to
another single fact. Whenever there is a great
depression in the price of any article abroad, so
that there is an overstock, the goods are sold at
half price, and thus you overturn your whole
tariff. The specific duties act upon the average.
If, three, or four, or five years hence, iron goes
down because the railroads stop, then it will over-
turn the duty, and you get it at half price. At
the very time you want to get it, it will come in.
The Senator could not have understood anything
about this bill, or he would not have made this
proposition to amend
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bragg, Bright, Clingman, Crit-
tenden, Fitch, Green, Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Mason, Nichol-
son, Powell, Rice, and Sebastian—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bingham, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessen-
den, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Kennedy, King,
Latham, Morrill, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—28.
So the amendment was rejected
Mr. FOOT. I desire to have one or two arti-
cles transferred from one schedule into another;
and in order to accomplish that, I shall move to
strike out certain words and insert them in a dif-
ferent place merely. The first is to strike out
line one hundred and five in the twentieth section,
imposing a duty of 20 per cent., in these words:
" Slates, roofing slates, and slate pencils."
I move also to strike out lines one hundred and
fifty-four, one hundred and fifty-five, and one
hundred and fifty-six of the twenty-second sec-
tion, containing the 30 per cent, schedule, in the
following words:
" Slate chimney-pieces, mantels, slabs fortables, and all
other manufactures of slate, not otlieiwise provided for."
And to insert, after lino one hundred and fifty-
three, in the same section, on the 45th page, the
following:
Slates, roofing slates, slate pencils, slate chimney-pieces,
mantels, slabs for tables, and all other manufactures of
slate.
Mr. BINGHAM. What is the object of that?
Mr. FOOT. To transfer a portion of these
articles from the 20 per cent, to the 30 per cent,
schedule, and so far forth, the amendment will
add to the revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT I have another like amendment in
reference to articles of marble. I move to strike
out lines fifty-eight and fifty-nine in the twentieth
section, imposing a duty of 20 per cent., in the
following words:
"Matble in the rough or block, unmanufactured, and
not sawed, squared, dressed, and polished.55
I move also to strike out lines one hundred and
seventeen, one hundred and eighteen, and one
hundred and nineteen, in the twenty-second sec-
tion, the 30 per cent, schedule, in the following
words:
" Manufactures of marble, marble paving tiles, and all
maible sawed, squared, dressed, or polished, or more ad-
vanced than the rough block."
Awtto insert after line one hundred and sixteen
of the same section, on the 43d page, the follow-
ing:
Marble in the lough or block, manufactures of marble,
matble pavingtiles, and all marble sawed, squared, dressed,
or polished, oi more advanced than the rough block.
That simply transfers manufactures of marble
more advanced than the rough from 20 to 30 per
cent., and will add to the revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
further amendment, the substitute offered by the
Senator from Oregon is now before the Senate.
Mr, LANE. Mr. President, upon this amend-
ment I desire to be heard. It is now late in the
evening. I believe every Senator will bear me
witness that I have consumed no time of the Sen-
ate; certainly none upon this bill at any rate; and
as I have not all my papers here, and as I wish
to give my views fully upon this measure, I de-
sire that the Senate will now adjourn, and allow
me to give my reasons for the amendment I have
offered, to-morrow morning I therefore move
that the Senate do now adjourn
Mr. FESSSNDEN. I hope not. It was spe-
cifically understood yesterday that the vote should
be taken to-day.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I wish Senators to hear me. I
hope the Senate will not require that I shall pro-
ceed this evening with what remarks I desire to
make on the amendment that I have proposed to
this bill. It is now late in the evening; and I want
sufficient time to give my views in relation to this
subject. I am not prepared to do it this evening;
and I believe the courtesy of an adjournment has
never been refused to any Senator, especially at
this time in the afternoon, to afford him an op-
portunity to be prepared to give the views that
he desires to present upon a matter of this import-
ance ' - -
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will allow
me to say a word.
Mr. LANE. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. The Senate probably does not
recollect, and did not bear in mind, that the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Oregon, was
one that could not be entertained until all the
amendments to the bill had been gone through
with. He has not deferred his motion until now
from any choice; but it has been deferred by par-
liamentary usage. I submit, in all fairness, if he
does not desire to address the Senate now, whether
he ought to be required to speak at this time. I
move that the Senate adjourn; and on that motion
I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will you withdraw for
a moment?
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say that it was
distinctly stated and understood, yesterday, and
nobody disagreed on the other side of the Cham-
ber, that if we adjourned at a certain hour last
evening, a vote should be taken to-night. It was
stated over and over again, and the understand-
ing was perfect all over the Chamber, that we
were to finish this bill to-night. Now, sir, we
have only nine days of this session left, and we
have many bills to pass, which will take all our
time. The Senator from Oregon, in my judgment,
must do as others have done, and submit to the
rule that has been applied to our side of theCham-
ber, day after day, many a time since I have been
in the Senate. Frequently, gentlemen have been,
told very kindly that, at this period of the session,
it was impossible to continue the debate upon a
a particular bill any longer, and they must go
through with it; and they have gone through until
midnight, and spoken at midnight, instead of
adjourning at half past five o'clock in the after-
noon. We have not had an evening sitting this
whole session of Congress, and certainly it is not
hard to begin now.
Mr. MASON. I shall renew the motion to
adjourn; butbefore doing it, beg leave to say that
if any understanding of that sort was had.it took
place when 1 was not in the Senate.
Mr. BRAGG. I do not think there was1 any
such understanding. I was here.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to state that I made
the proposition,and I repeated it again and again
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn.
Several Senatohs addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Virginia withdraw his motion ?
Mr. MASON. No, sir; and I ask for the yeas
and nays on the motion
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the Sec-
retary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, (when his name
was called.) I do not hear any person dispute the
agreement that is alleged here, and of course, I
shall vote in accordance with it. I vote "nay.'
Mr. LATHAM, (when his name was called.)
I mean no disrespect to the Senator from Oregon,
but I know that two or three votes were taken
yesterday, and the Senate refused to adjourn,and
did not adjourn until it was distinctly understood
that we should sit this bill out to-day. I vote
" nay."
Mr. BIGLER. I made the statement twice
myself, distinctly.
Mr. RICE, (when his name was-called.) Mr
President, as I remember the agreement to which
the Senator from Maine has referred I feel con-
strained to vote "nay."
The Secretary concluded the calling of the roll.
Mr HUNTER. As it seems to be admitted
that there was such an understanding, I change
my vote to " nay." I had no recollection of the
understanding, but J change my vote, as Senators
say it is so.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Though I was disposed
to indulge the Senator from Oregon, I hear from
Senators—I happened to be outsat the time, and
did not know of it—that there was an understand-
ing that the question should be taken to-day. I
must vote in the negative.
Mr. GWIN. I have paired off with the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer.]
• Mr. HEMPHILL. It appearing that thera
was a distinct understanding that the vote should
