1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
February 20,
be talcen on the biil this evening, I change my
vote on this motion. I did not understand it in
that way at the moment of adjournment yester-
day. I vote "nay."
Mr, POWELL, Senators have spoken of
agreements being maxje here. I should likg to
know with whom ? Every Senator who has got
up on this side declares that he made no such
agreement. I certainly made none. I therefore
wish my vote to stand "yea." I do not allow
others to make agreements for me; and if they do,
I shall not observe them.
Mr. BRAGG. I was here, and I did not un-
derstand that any agreement was made. I under-
stood the Senator from Pennsylvania to say three
or four times that some arrangement of that kind
might be made; but I understood that gentlemen
on the other side did not accede to it.
Mr. PESSENDEN. It was distinctly put to
that side of the House that wc would agree to ad-
journ at a certain point, provided it was under-
stood that the action on this bill was to be finished
to-day. It was distinctly stated twice; and no
objection being made, the ordinary rule applies,
I suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This discus-
sion is out of order, unless Senators wish to ex-
plain their votes as they are giving them.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I desire to say one word,
because I took part in this matter. I will just
give wh t was said yesterday. The Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Hunter] moved the 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin can only proceed by unanimous
consent.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator will be
allowed to proceed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When the Senator from
Virginia made that motion yesterday, I said:
" f ask tiiat tile motion to adjourn be withdrawn, in m -
der that I may make one word ol explanation. I understood
tlie Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hiolku] to *tat<< that
It was universally understood on the other snip of the Cham-
ber that we should coine to a vote and finish this bill to
morrow. I wish to know,before we adjourn, whetbertlus
Is the understanding; beeause if it is not, we had better sit
to-night, and go on with the 1)111.
"Mr. Hior.cn. That is illfi general intention.
"Mr. Dooutti.e. If that is the geneial understanding,
lam willing to consent to an adjournment now."
Mr. BINGHAM. The Senator from Califor-
nia fMr. Latiiam] also made asimilar statement.
Mr. BRIGHT. By way of explaining my
Tote, I will state that l was not present when the
Seriate adjourned yesterday; and, as a matter of
course, am not bound by any agreement that may
have been entered into. Though my vote will do
no good, I shall give it in Nucha way as to entitle
the Senator from Oregon to that courtesy whieh
has generally been extended to every gentleman
of the body, since I have been a member of it, for
the last fourteen years; that is, when ho gets up
and states that he desires to make a speech in ex-
planation of a proposition so important as the
one that Senator has presented, which is a sub-
stitute for the entire bill, the Senate gives him
that privilege. I shall vole to give him a privilege
that I have always given gentlemen on tile other
side of the Chamber, under similar circumstances.
I vote " yea."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Frrcn.)
Before announcing the result, the temporary oc-
cupant of the chair will say, in his own defense,
that, although there may have been such an un- j
del-standing between individual Senators, as has
been alluded to, the Chair was no party to it, and ]
he interrupted discussion, stating distinctly that !
no bargain of the kind could bo recognized, and j
that it was not the subject of any vote, tjpon i
this motion, the yeas are 4, nays 37. I
The yeas anil nays were as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, Fitch, Green,ami Powell—4. ;
NAYrf—Messia. Auliiouy, Bakei, liigJcr.Bingliam, Cam- i
eion, Oharullei, Claik. Cliu^imiu, Dixon, Doohttle, Doug- '
ias, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot. Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hat- J
Ian, Hemphill, Ilenter- Joiin-'in oi Aikansas, Johnson of !
Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Latham, Morrill, NidioKon, j
Htce, .Sebastian, Sewaid, Simmonr,, Sumnei, Ten Kick, 1
Tiuuiliull, Wade, Wilkinson, and U'ii-oe j
So the Senate refused to adjourn. j
, Mr. GREEN. I will make this suggestion— j
and a it be not proper to receive it,Twill not j
make it—that we now adjourn till seven o'clock. ;
["0)i, ho; let us finish the bill!"] I will simply ■'
make this remark: the Senator from Oregon has !!
certain notes that he would like to refer to in 'I
making his remarks, but they are at his chamber. I!
Mr. LANE. I am very much obliged to the
Senator from Missouri; he is actuated by that
feeling of kindness which I never fail to appre-
ciate; but however anxious I may be, as I am,
indeed, to havean opportunity of giving my views
fully on this subject, I ask no favors from the
Senate that it is not willing to grant. Though I
am not fully prepared, though I have not my
notes, I shall go on now, if the Senate deeide that
I must do so, and state the reasons why I shall
vote against the passage of the bill under consid-
eration, and the reasons that control me in offer-
ing the amendment.
I think, Mr. President, that no Senator will
say that; since I have been a member of this body,
I have ever, at any time, refused an act of cour-
tesy to any member of the Senate. Upon this
bill I have said not one word; I have offered no
amendment; I have not interfered at all with tha
deliberations of the Senate upon it. I simply
have contented myself by casting my vote when
my name was called, according to my judgment.
Now, sir, as the Senate has decided that I shall
not have time to prepare to speak on this matter,
as I should like to do, to-morrow morning, I will
proceed with what I have to say on the bill we
have had under consideration for several days
past. I may as well say, right here, that I do
not profess to understand it very well, for it is a
very long and complicated bill; but I have en-
deavored to study it, and to make myself as well
acquainted with it as I could, in the time we have
had to consider it.
Mr. RICE. Will my friend yield to me one
moment? This discussion is unpleasant. There
seems to be an unpleasant feeling on this matter.
I am sure no Senator on this floor desired to with-
hold the common courtesy due to another in the
vote that has just been given. Ididnot; butmy
understanding yesterday was clear in regard to
the course that we should pursue, as stated by
the Senator from Maine; and I merely rise now
for the purpose of suggesting that this matter be
amicably arranged by taking a recess until seven
o'clock.
Mr. LANE. I thank my friend very much 
Mr. BAKER. Allow me to interrupt the Sen-
ator from Oregon a moment.
Mr. LANE. With all due respect to all Sen-
ators who would like to interfere—and I am sure
there will be no want of courtesy on my part—
1 desire it to bo understood now distinctly that I
ask no favors; I want none; but I want to be per-
mitted to go on, and to be let alone while I am
goitfg on. ["Goon."] *
Mr. President, the bill now under considera-
tion, as I have looked at it, is not the kind of bill
that, in my judgment, we ought to pass at such
a time as this. This bill, Mr. President 
Mr. LATHAM. Let' us take a reccss until
seven o'clock.
Mr. LANE. If that is considered a courtesy
to mo, I cannot consent. 1 ask no favor of any
iSen.-ifor, or of the body—of one man, or any
number of men. I thank God that up to this a§e
—and that is not very germane to the matter under
consideration — I have never seen the time when
i would ask as a favor that which would not be
extended to mc from considerations of justice.
Without the preparation I had made on this sub-
ject, it cannot be expected that! shall go on with
the method that I hoped to pursue in discussing
this matter.
Mr. BAKER. "Will the Senator allow me a
moment? 1 should feel very much pleased if the
Senate would adjourn to seven o'clock. I think
it is due to the gentleman; and there are many rea-
sons why that ought to be done, I think. I would
go further, but there are political reasons, in my
judgment, why we cannot lose a day. I trust
gentlemen on all sides will appreciate that. I
move that we take a recess until seven o'clock.
Several Senators. Say lmlf past seven.
Mr. BAKER. "Well, half past seven.
The PRLJSf DING OFFICER. Doe& the Sen-
ator make a motion for a recess?
Mr. RAKER. Yes, sir; until half past seven
o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. T hope not.
Mr. LANE. i would rather not have any ad-
journment, unless Senators can a<£ree to it cheer-
fully and willingly. As I said before, it would
grieve me to have anybody do anything on my
account unwillingly.
Mr. BAKER. I ask it from gentlemen on this
side as a favor to me.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Lotus take a vote, and if
a majority prefer the recess let us have it. I think
we shall come back refreshed.
Mr. BRIGHT. We cannot take a recess un-
less by unanimous consent. 11 is against the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing interposed, the Chair will not entertain the
motion; but he was not aware before that there
was any rule to prevent it.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask that the rule be read
which prevents the Senate from taking a recess.
Mr. HUNTER. It is so. It is hardly worth
while to take time to read it. It is a change of
rule, and you cannot change a rule without giving
one day's notice. You can only take a recess by
unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon has the floor.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, the bill which we
have been considering for several days is, in my
opinion, such a bill as ought not to pass Congress
at this session. It is inaugurating a tariff policy
that I regard as very unfortunate. At a time like
this, it appears to me that every patriot, that
every statesman, that every good man from every
portion of this country, should desire to concili-
ate and to produce harmony in a distracted coun-
try, and not to heap coals upon a burning fire; to
do all that he can, consistent with duty, to restore
confidence and good feeling and friendship in a
country where these feelings do not now exist,
and where, for good reasons, they are likely not
to exist.
The party that has had charge of this bill; that
has made all the arrangements that are spoken
of; that has brought it into the Senate; that has
taken charge of it from the time it came into the
Senate from the House of Representatives, and
has consumed the time of the Senate in offering
and explaining amendments; and, after having
consumed nearly the whole time for three or four
days, now refuse to give a single hour for a man
to prepare to give his views in relation to the
matter—that is the party that has broughtupon the
country the trouble that prevails to-day. They
are wholly responsible for this bill in both House's
of Congress. It is an unfair bill: an unjust bill;
a bill got up for the protection of certain interests
at the expense of a large majority of the laborers,
farmers, and mechanics of the country; a hill that
provides for taxing the people whom I represent,
away out on the Pacific, for the benefit of fishing
interests in Massachusetts. It is a bill that will
collect from the hard-laboring people of the coun-
try $600,000, to be turned away from the Treas-
ury into the hands of certain fishermen in Mas-
sachusetts, Maine, and Rhode Island, taxing the
whole country outside of that small portion of
the Union for their particular benefit.
It does not slop there. It provides for taxing
the people of the country for the benefit of the
manufacturing interests, for the benefit of capital,
for the purpose of making the rich richer, and if
possible, grinding the poor harder and harder,
and driving them deeper and deeper into the dust.
That is the object ofthe bill,as 1 understand, and
it is not calculated to restore confidence m the
country. It is not calculated to give peace, but
to widen the breach that they themselves have
inaugurated in the country, by their disregard of
the Constitution, by their disregard of its provis-
ions, by their disregard of equality, of right, and
of justice. By this course of theirs, they have
brought about, even now, a dissolution of the
Union. They have forced six States from the
Lnion, and as the vSenator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] well stated to-day, the seventh is already
going out of the Union, because of the policy, in
defiance of the Constitution, inaugurated by a sec-
tional party, upon a platform of principles, every
one of which conflicts with the Constitution of
the United States, every one of which conflicts
with the principles of equality, justice, and right.
Now, sir, instead of giving assurance to those
States that they have driven from us, instead of
uomg anything to bring them back, or to prevent
others from going, what do they propose? Here
I will state—I may as well mention it right here—
that the spirit of dissolution is not yet dead; it has
not subsided. A number of States have gone out,
and a state of things is now pending in this coun-
try that will make it the duty of North Carolina,
