1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1061
of Virginia, and of Tennessee, the Senator from
that State to the contrary notwithstanding, to de-
termine very soon which side of the very import-
ant question they will take.
The question will be presented to them in less
than three months from to-day, directly, will you
go with the South, and defend your own rights,
or will you take part with the Republican party,
a party that is soon to be inaugurated with all
the powers of this Government to crush out your
portion of our country; to crush out, to conquer,
to subjugate, to destroy the States that have sep-
arated from the Union ? The question presented
to them will be," will you stand with those States,
or will you go with the incoming Administration
to destroy them?" When this question shall be
directly presented, who can doubt the action of
the States that I have mentioned? Their Senators
and their members of the House of Representa-
tives may proclaim that those States will not go
out; but when that choice shall be presented to
them, allow me to say to you that you can never
separate the slaveholuing States. They will not
hesitate to choose which way they will go.
There is no mistaking the policy which is fore-
shadowed by the incoming Administration, and
there is no mistaking the policy of its friends
here. They mean coercion; they mean to enforce
the Federal laws; they mean to collect the reve-
nue; they intend to carry on a policy that will in-
augurate in this country a civil war, an internecine
war, a war that will drench these States with
blood. Though they intend this policy of coer-
cion; though they intend to replenish the Treas-
ury by the passage of a law like that on your
table, for subjugating a portion of the States of
this country, there are some here who cannot sec
the danger, who encourage these gentlemen that
intend to involve the country in all that is terrible,
in carrying out the policy they have inaugurated.
The amendment which I propose as a substi-
tute for this bill, reenacts the tariff law of 1846.
That was a revenue law, as the Senator from
California well said, under which we raised an
abundance of money. The revenue was amply
sufficient for defraying the expenses of the Gov-
ernment. Indeed, there was a surplus under its
operation, which made it necessary, as somegen-
tlemen believed, to reduce the tariff; and the then
Secretary of the Treasury believed that the rev-
enue that was collected under it was more than
was necessary for Government purposes. Hence
the revenue law of 1857; and now this amend-
ment that I propose reenacts the tariff law of 1846.
It reenactsthat law, with a few additions and
amendments. It provides for a reduction of sched-
ules A, B, and C. In the act of 1846, the duties
in schedule A were 100 per cent.., on schedule B
40 per cent., and on schedule C 30 per cent. My
amendment reduces them all, as they now are in
the law of 1857, to 30 per cent.; and it continues
in force the act of Congress amending this tariff
law of 1846, establishing the warehouse system.
It continues in force the fifth section of the act of
1857—a provision necessary for the protection of
the revenue, for the protection of the Treasury,
and for the protection of the importer. The amend-
ment I introduce, therefore, is one that is not com-
plicated; it is not a bill that there is any difficulty
in understanding. It reenacts a law that is well
understood by everybody in the country, one un-
der which we lived "from" 1846 to 1857, and which
afforded all the revenue that we needed, and more
than was necessary for Government purposes. If
I have looked at this thing aright, the law, as it
stood m 1846, is a very much better law, a very
much better revenue law, and affords all the pro-
tection incidental to any revenue law, any tariff
law, which can be expected by the manufactur-
ing interests of the country. The country was
prosperous and happy during the existence of that
tariff; and I feel certain, if Senators now desire a
revenue law, that the tariff of 1846 is a very much
better one than the bill that we have been consid-
ering for a number of days. Everybody would
be very much better satisfied with that. Every-
body would understand it better. The country
would be happier under it. We would be more
likely, under its provisions, to give peace to the
country, or, at any rate, to promote confidence in
the country.
With these views and these opinions on this
subject, I hope, when the vote is taken, that the
substitute I have offered for this bill, reenacting
the law of 1846, reducing the duties on schedules
A, B, and C, down to the present revenue stand-
ard, or that provided by the act of 1857, continu-
ing the warehouse sysiem, and continuingin force
the fifth section of the act of 1857, will be adopted.
If you will do that, sir, you will have made such
a law as will replenish the Treasury. If you are
determined on war, I believe it will furnish the
means for that. If it is war, or coercion, or the
execution of the laws outside of this country, that
you aim at, you will be more liable to get it under
the amendment I have proposed than under the
bill you are now considering.
I hope the Senate will not get tired; for I am
very much at a loss for the want of some prepara-
tion I had made on this subject. I have sent for
my papers. 1 hope to get them soon; and until
they do come, I hope the Senate will not tire if I
, do not go along and talk to the subject as I would
if I had my papers here.
Mr. GRIMES. We are patient.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, with all good feel-
ing towards everybody in the Senate; with the
kindest feeling towards every person in this coun-
try; with the strong desire that has influenced
every act of my life to promote the comfnon wel-
fare of our common country; having, as I under-
stand it, stood square upon the Constitution ever
since I have been in public life, urging, begging,
pleading with everybody for justice to prevail in
the country, that equality be maintained, that
every man of every State of the Union be allowed
his rights under the Constitution equal with every
other in the common territory, on the high seas,
and wherever the jurisdiction of our Government
extended; with all these feelings of kindness to-
wards my fellow-men, more especially towards
my peers, and with this strong desire to promote
the welfare and happiness of our country, there
are some—very few, I am proud to say—that have
said—I suppose none of them believe it—that even
I, who have stood firmly by the right; who have
urged the Constitution; who have pleaded for
equality; who have begged that justice should be
extended to every portion of our country, without
reference to locality—there are some that, even
under their oath, have charged treason upon me.
When that charge came, when I fou nd that a man,
upon his affidavit, had charged treason upon me,
I was willing to look over my whole life. I took
a review of my whole career; I went back to my
boyhood; 1 followed my actions through my pri-
vate and official life, and I could find nothing in
my conscience that justified such a charge.
Mr. BAKER. I hope the Senator will allow
me a moment. Mr. President, I shall renew my
motion to take a recess until half past seven
o'clock. The Vice President assures me there is
no such rule as the one suggested; and I feel ex-
ceedingly uncomfortable on this subject. I think
my colleague ought to be allowed to have his
notes, and ought, as perhaps he will not have a
chancc to address the Senate again, to bo allowed
time. I feel very unpleasant personally about this
matter. I have no other motive than that in the
world; and if the rule be as the Vice President
assures me it is, and not as I am told on the other
side, I hope the Senate will take a recess until
half past seven o'clock. We shall have a quorum
then as well as now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to it.
Mr. BAKER. 1 call for the yeas and nays
upon it.
Mr. RICE. Will the Senator from Oregon
permit me to ask him whether it is parliamentary
thus to introduce the name and opinion of the
Vice President, and to add the weight of that
distinguished officer's authority in the decision
of this question ?
Mr. BAKER. It is not right, you say? Well,
if it is not, I take it all back. That is all I can do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) It is moved by the Senator from Ore-
gon that the Senate take a recess until half past
seven o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object; and I understand
one objection is sufficient to prevent its consider-
ation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands there is no such rule; that one objec-
tion will not prevent its consideration. The Chair
thinks the Senate can take a recess upon motion.
Mr. FITCH. If there is no such rule, the Sen-
ator from Virginia [Mr. Hunteii] and my col-
league, who for a long time was Presiding Officer
of this body, were very much mistaken.' A short
time since, myself being* in the chair, we were told
a recesscoula not be takeff'exSegt fey unanimous
consent, and the Senator frofti Virginia corrob-
orated the statement; and an objection being made,
of course it was not put. . •/ -
Mr. HUNTER; -There is no rule fbr talcing a
recess. A motion to take a recess is an WWfticm
to the rulfe; but, to take it in another way, no'Res-
olution or motion can be offered and acted oft
upon the same day, if there is a single objection!.
This is certainly a motion; and being objected to,
it cannot be acted on on the same day it is made.
Mr. GREEN. There is no rnetionjo Change
the rule.
Mr. HUNTER. It cannot be acted on if there
is a single objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a motion,'and can-
not be acted on if any Senator objects to it.
Mr. GREEN. Any person can move to adjourn
to a special hour or take a recess.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that one objection would carry a reso-
lution over, but understands this is a motion" that
would not be carried over.by a single objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same' rule exactly
that applies to resolutions applies-to motions."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The' Chair
does not so understand it.
Mr." FESSENDEN. It cannot be put in any
other shape.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question on the motion of the Senator from
Oregon, unless an appeal is taken from the de-
cision of the Chair. ' ' ' ' ■
Mr. FESSENDEN. It makes no difference
about taking an appeal from the decision. L Will
ask for the yeas and nays on the motion.
Mr. GREEN. Oh, no.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, I will. I want Sen-
ators to keep to their engagements.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator chooses
to make his speech on some other matter, and will
let us take a vote on this bill, I supposfe we could
come to some understanding on that point.
Mr. GREEN. I must make one remark in
reply. The Senator from Maine says he wants
Senators to keep their engagements. I want hira
distinctly to understand that I made no engage-
ment, by implication or otherwise; and he shall
not throw any imputation of ..that sort upon mo.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not .speak of the
gentleman, particularly; but I spoke of that aide
of the House. We adjourned in that situation,
and I take it out of their own mouths. They so
understood it, as they have testified on this floor.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator cannot throw any
imputation on me.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to correct the Senator
from Maine. There was no understanding. The
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittlb] and
the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bjgler,]
both in favor of the bill, agreed to a bargain be-
tween themselves; and I then being the occupant of
the chair, interrupted the debate, and stated that
it was a bargain or understanding which could
not be the subject of a motion or a vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is true; it carinot
be the subject of a vote; but there was an under-
standing.
Mr. FITCH. That was the last reference made
to the subject. *
Mr. BRAGG. The Senate adjourned imme-
diately afterward.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it appear on the
record ?
Mr. FITCH. Yes, sir'; here it. is:
<•' The Presiding Officer. That cannot be the subject
of any motion or vote by the Senate. The question is on
the motion that the Senate adjourn."
And that motion was put; and the Senate ad-
journed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That, in my judgment,
amounts to nothing. " " *
Mr. FITCH. It shows there was no under-
standing. W
Mr. FESSENDEN. It shows no such thing.
Of course it was not made as a motion; but it was
addressed to the other side; and what the Chair
said orf the subject, although he stated correctly
that it could not be the subject of a motion, had
nothing to do with the understanding
