1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
stand forth and accuse ns of being unfaithful to
the Constitutionof the UnitedStates! Gentlemen
had better look at home.
Gentlemen, it will be very well for us all to
take a view of all the phases of this controversy
before we come to such conclusions as seem to
have been arrived at in some quarters. 1 make
the assertion here that I do not behove, in the
history of the world, there ever was a nation or a
people whore a law repugnant to the general feel-
ing was ever executed with the same faithfulness
as has been your most savage and atrocious fugitive
bill in the Nor^h. You yourselves can scarcely
point out any case that has come before any north-
ern tribunal in which the law has not been on-
forced to the very letter. You ought to know
these facts, and you do know them. You all
know that when a law is passed anywhere to bind
any people, who feel, in conscience, or for any
other reason, opposed to its execution, it is not
in human nature to enforce it with the same cer-
tainty as a law that meets with the approbation
of the great mass of the citizens. Every rational
man understands this, and every candid man will
admit it. Therefore it is that I do not violently
impeach you for your unfaithfulness in the exe-
cution of many of your laws. You have in South
Caiohna a law by which you take frcecitizens of
Massachusetts or any other mautime State, who
visit the city of Charleston, and lock them up in
jail under the penalty, if they cannot pay the jail-
fees, of eternal slaveiy staring them in the face—
a monstrous law, revolting to the best feelings of
humanity and violently in conflict with the Con-
stitution of the United States. I do not .say this
by way of recrimination; for the excitement per-
vading the country is now so great that 1 do not
wish to add a single coal to the Acinic-, but never-
theless I wish the whole truth to appear.
Then, air, what is it of which complaint is made?
You have had the legislative power of the country
and you have had the Executive of the country,
as 1 have said already. You own the Cabinet,
you own the Senate, and, I may add, you own
the President of the United States as much as you
own the servant upon your own plantation.
[Laughter.] I cannotsee, then, very clearly, why
it is that southern men can rise here and complain
of the action of this Government. I have already
shown that it is perfectly impossible for you now
to point outany act of which the Republican party
can possibly be guilty, of which you complain;
because at no period yet have they had the power
of making any rule or regulation or law that could,
by possibility, affect you; and, therefore, 1 under-
stand that when Senators rise up here to justify
the overthrow of this Government, to break it up,
to resolve it into its original elements, they do so
upon the mere suspicion that the Republican party
may somehow affect their rights or violate the
Constitution.
Sir, what doctrines do we hold detrimental to
you 3 is the next inquiry that 1 wish to make.
Arc we the setters forth of any new doctrines
under the Constitution of the United States? I
tell you nay. There is no principle held to-day
by this great Republican party that has not had
the sanction of your Government m every depart-
ment for more than seventy years. You iuue
changed youropunons. Wcstand where we used
to stand. That is the only difference. Upon the
slavery question, the only doctrine you can find
touching it in our platform or our action, the only
position we occupy m regard to it, is that formerly
occupied by the most revered statesmen of this
nation. Sir, we stand where Washington stood,
where Jefferson stood, where Madison stood,
where Monroe stood. We stand where Adams
and Jackson, and even Polk, stood. That revered
statesman, Henry Clay, of blessed memory, with
his dying breath asserted the doctrine that we
hold to-day. Why, then, are we held up before
the community as violators of your rights' You
have eomp in kite in the day to accuse us of har-
boring these opinions.
I ask, then, what doctrines do we hold of which
you can rightfully complain ? You have pointed
out none. You do not complain of the execution
of the fugitive slave bill; you do not complain of
the liberty bills; you do not complain that Mr.
Lincoln is a violent man, who will probably do
you any injury. The Senator from Georgia told
us that he had no apprehensions that Mr. Lin-
coln, in his administration, would do any act in
violation of your rights, or in violation of the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. IYERSON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him when I said that?
Mr. WADE. I do not quote the Senator's
words, but I believe I have them here.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator is mistaken. I
made no such remark.
Mr. WADE. Then I would thank the Sena-
tor to repeat what his remark was on that point;
for I understood him as I have stated.
Mr. IYERSON. I refer the Senator to the
record of my speech.
Mr. WADE. 1 think it is there. I understood
the Senator expressly to say what I have stated—
I will look up the sentence—that he had not any
apprehension that Mr. Lincoln would do any-
thing in violation of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States; but the Senator's grievance, as I un-
derstood it, was, that a hostile chief magistrate
might, within the power of the Constitution, so
administer the Government as to do away with
slavery in ten years. That is what I understood
lum to say.
Mr. IYERSON. I did say, in substance, that
the Republican party having the power of the
Government, without any palpable violation of
the Constitution, might so operate upon the in-
stitution of slavery as to affect it, and probably
extinguish it; but J did not say that I did not ap-
prehend from Mr. Lincoln any violation of the
Constitution of the United States. I do appre-
hend that he will violate the Constitution when-
ever he can with impunity; wherever he can
affect the institution of slavery by such violation.
Mr. WADE. It is of no great consequence
what the Senator said on that subject. 1 will only
say that from Mr. Lincoln's character and con-
duct, from his youth up, you have no right to
diaw any inference that he will trespass upon the
rights of any man; and if you harbor any such
suspicion, it is in consequence of an unwarranted
prejudice, and nothing else.
Now, sir, I should like to have the Senators on
the other side tell me when ever a Republican has
violated, or ever proposed to violate, a right^of
theirs. f have listened to your arguments here
for about a week. They are all in very general
terms. They are very loosely drawn indictments,
and I do not know where'to meet you at all. Is
there anything in our platform detrimental to
your rights, unless in modem times you have set
up a construction of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States differing from ours '—we following the
old beaten track of every department of the Gov-
ernment for more than seventy years, and you
switching off, as it were, upon another track, and
setting up yours as orthodox—that is all. [Laugh-
ter.] You say that we must follow you. We
choose to follow the old landmarks. That is the
complaint against us.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Ohio will
allow me. He seems to assert that we have made
no specific charges against any Republican. Why,
sir, m the very few remarks which I made in the
runmngdebate a few days ago, I called the Sen-
ator's attention to the act of the presentGoveinor
Dennison, of Ohio, who refused to deliver up a
fugitive from justice from the State of Kentucky,
charged with the offense of negro stealing. 1 wish
to know from the Senator, whether or not he
justifies or approves of the action of Governor
Dennison in that case ? That is a specific and
direct charge upon the record. I have the record
before me. 1 have the opinion of the attorney
general and Governor of Ohio setting forth dis-
tinctly that they refused to deliver that fugitive
from justice, because he was not charged with an
offense that was a crime under the laws of Ohio,
or the common law. I wish to know distinctly
from the Senator whether he justifies his Governor
m that act? •
Mr. WADE. The Senator has asked me a
question that is a little difficult: it is a subject oil
which lawyers and judges may differ, it is a
question that I have investigated a little since it
was up incidentally before. I know that the prac-
tice of the different States has been variant upon
it; but Mr. Stanberry, now a citizen of the Sen-
ator's own State, and, I believe, one of the first
lawyers in it, gave an opinion precisely like that
of Mr. Dennison, upon which the present attor-
ney general of Ohio founded his: and he says he
got itfrojn ffcdecision in Kentucky upon the same
subject. I do not know how that is; I have not
resorted to all these old records; but I believe,
from all 1 know, that he was following the pre-
cedent set by your own Governors; but whether
he was or not, there always has been a difficulty
upon that subject. I know very well that when
States have created crimes of acts which are not
mala in se, when they have passed laws barely
prohibitory of some act which is not deemed im-
moral, many of the States have refused to sur-
render fugitives under such circumstances; and I
am far from saying that they are not right. How-
ever, it is a question of law about which I leave
legal gentlemen to their own opinion. Certainly,
you can draw no inference against the Governor
of Ohio for following precedents that had been
set, if I am rightly informed, by your own Gov-
ernor, and especially when one of the most con-
servative men that I know, now a resident of
your own State, and one of the best lawyers, I
presume, either in that State or Ohio, laid down
the rule as a precedent on which Governor Den-
nison went. All this is entirely aside from the
issue; it is a question affecting the return of fugi-
tives from justice, of which I heard no complaint
until the other day.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator will allow me
to say that I do not think he has answered my
question. I wish to know whether the Senator
justifies and approves the act of his Governor?
So far as the precedent of the Governor of Ken-
tucky is concerned, I should be obliged to the
Senator if he would produce it; but I do not be-
lieve that any such precedent exists. I wish the
gentleman to say directly whether or not he ap-
proves the act of his Governor in this case.
Mr. WADE. I do not care to be catechised
on a question of law arising incidentally here;
and the reason is, because 1 should want to go
more deeply into the precedents and history of
that kind of adjudication than lam now prepared
for. I certainly cannot condemn the Governor
of Ohio for acting in accordance with that which
everybody may well see might existeverywhere.
I would like to answer as a judge would on the
bench, when inquired of as to what is the law.
That determines it. I would not be governed by
any prejudice growing out of the peculiar nature
of the case; but I should inquire what is the law.
I am for administering the law as it is; and if
anybody can tell me precisely what it is in this
respect, I am for it without any regard to the
subject-matter upon which it operates.
Mr. POWELL. I despair of getting an an-
swer from the Senator on that subject. I have
brought a case, and put it distinctly to him,
and he refuses either to justify or condemn. I
have brought forward a case in which the Re-
publican Governor of his own State has put the
laws and Constitution of his country under his
feet, and, in myjudgment, as I said the otherday,
acted in disregard of his oath. The Senator does
not meet the question. He speaks in eulogy of
the Republicans, as having executed the fugitive
slave law. I would ask that honorable Senator
if he himself is in favor of the rigid execution of
the fugitive slave law. It is unnecessary to be
dealing in this kind of generalities. I wish to
know from the honorable Senator himself, as one
of the leaders of his party, if he stands here to
proclaim to the Senate and to the country that he
is in favor of executing the fugitive slave law;
and I wish further to ask the Senator if the Re-
publican Legislature of the State of Ohio has not
passed a statute backing up Governor Dennison
in the decision to which I have referred, and
whether or not he approves of that legislation?
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I do not know
that I am a witness in this case, and certainly not
to answer all the law questions in the world.
[Laughter.] I have told the Senator all that I
think I ought to tell him. I am for the execution
of any law that is a law; but I am not here argu-
endo, on the spur of the occasion, to attempt to
decide what that law is on a disputed question.
I will never do that. [Mr. Powell rose.] I
would rather not be interrupted, because nothing
can come of these questions. I do not -ask the
Senator any questions, and I do not like to bo
questioned in this way, because it leads me off
! fiom the train of my argument.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator speaks of offenses
that arc mala in se. I ask him whether he regards
stealing a slave an offense of that kind?
