1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. "
February 20,
Mr.BAKER. As totliis question whether there
was or was not an agreement, I think there was an
understanding, and it ought to be carried out; and
that means, we shall take the vote on this bill
to-night. It means nothing more. If we should
take a recess, there will be no difficulty in having
a quorum here after the Senator from Oregon has
concluded his remarks; and although it may give
gentlemen a little trouble to come here when they
would not do it otherwise, I do not think it is very
much for me to ask, as a matter of courtesy, and
under very peculiar circumstances; nordo I think,
to-morrow morning any Senator will feel that the
interest of the country has been hazarded by tak-
ing a little extra trouble to extend a courtesy to a
gentleman who is not going to be here very long.
If that Senator would certainly have another op-
portunity to say what he desires, I would not vio-
late the wishes of my friends here. As it is, I
think we shall find that no man or any public
body loses anything by paying some respect to
the common courtesies of deliberative bodies.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President 
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator will allow
me a word.
Mr. LATHAM. I want to say a word, be-
cause magna pars fui, so far as this question was
concerned, I understood distinctly, as the record
will show, that we were to dispose of this bill to-
day. I made a speech against the adjournment
yesterday. I wanted to sit it out then. I think
neither the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Fitcii,]
nor his colleague, [Mr. Bright,] nor the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Green,] were in their scats
when that understanding was had. We had barely
a quorum present. It was with the utmost diffi-
culty, whenever a division was called, that we
could get enough Senators to constitute a quorum
to carry on the business. I wanted to go on and
dispose of the bill last night; but then a sugges-
tion was made—I do notrecollect by whom—that
we should finish this bill to-day, and nobody
objected to it. I afterwards, with that under-
standing, voted for an adjournment, after having
previously stated that I would not -vote for an
adjournment unless it was distinctly understood
that we should either finish the bill yesterday or
to-day.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President 
Mr. GREEN. As a personal matter, I wish
to make an explanation.
Mr. BIGLER. Thnt is just what I want to do.
Mr. GREEN. I made that statement when I
made my motion; and the Senate voted it down;
but when we subsequently adjourned, there was
no such understanding.
Mr. GRIMES. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. BIGLER. I have repeatedly tried to obtain
the floor; because I initiated this proceeding, and
I want to explain. 1 am sure the Senator from
Oregon knows that I am incapable of a want of
courtesy to him; but I will state just what oc-
curred. The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bay-
ard] came to me about four o'clock, and said it
was absolutely necessary for him to leave the
Chamber; that he could not stay to vote finally on
the bill; and he was anxious that some arrange-
ment should be madeby which the bill shouldnot
be pressed to a final vote yesterday, but would
agree that it should be voted on to-day Passing
around among Senators on both sides, I stated
what the Senator from Delaware had said; and
then I took the floor and made the statement which
I will read:
" I do not rise to offer an amendment, but T desire to
make a genera! statement m reference to tlie piogress of
tills bill; and, so far as I understood Rcnatois, I think it
will be agreed to. We have now pursued it diligently lor
some days, and wo must dispose of it in a slioittime. I sug-
gest that, by common consent, it be understood that we
shall vote on this bill finally to moirovv. There are one or
two Senators here who are under pressing engagements to
leave the Chamber in a few minutes—engagements that I
feel required to consider—and it is important to them to
know that no attempt will be m?do to press the bill to a
final vote this evening; but there seems to be umveisa!
consent that the vote shall be taken to-morrow. Is there
any objection
I hear4,not an objection anywhere. At that
instant the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Fitcii,]
being in the chair, said that that could not be made
the subject of a vote. That is what occurred.
There was not a word said against it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say a single
word. When the motion for an adjournment was
made by Mr. Hunter, that there might be no
misunderstanding, I appealed to that side of the
Senate again to know whether that was the un-
derstanding. No one said that it was not. Mr.
Bigler affirmed that it was. I then stated that,
with that understanding, I would consent to an
adjournment; "otherwise, we, who were in a ma-
jority, would have voted down the adjournment.
There was an adjournment with that understand-
ing. It is true that the Chair remarked it could
not be the subject of a motion; nor can it; for we
have no previous question in the Senate, and can-
not cut off debate. I asked that question while a
motion was pending that we should adjourn; and
the vote which was given on the motion to adjourn
was upon the understanding as stated by the Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. Latham.] Such, cer-
tainly was my understanding, and such the un-
derstanding on this side of the Chamber.
Mr. GREEN. The motion made by the Sen-
ator from Oregon does not involve any of this
debate. I am willing that the final vote shall be
taken to-night; but the question now before the
Senate is on the recess, and does not involve this
matter.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 Is it not a question of a
quorum ?
Mr. GREEN. I think not.
Mr. RICE. I will be here.
Mr. GREEN. I think wo shall all be here
All those who attend to their duties will be here;
and those who are not here will be responsible to
their constituents.
Mr. BAKER. I shall feel, Mr. President, that
the gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber,
whom I am endeavoring to assist, would not be
treating me with kindness if they did not come
back and form a quorum.
Mr. GREEN. We will come back.
Mr. BAKER. If the motion is agreed to,
and we take a recess, I am sure they will come
back.
Mr. LATHAM. I think if we do not take a
rcccss,and the discussion continues, that we shall
find ourselves, when we come to the final vote,
without a quorum, and then we shall be compelled
to adjourn. I hope the Senate will sit here, if
necessary, until to-morrow, in order to finish this
bill, although I am in favor of a recess for a short
time.
Mr. BIGLER. I have no objection to a recess,
if it is understood that Senators on the other side
will come back.
Mr. GREEN. I will come back.
Mr. LATHAM. We will all come back.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object entirely. I ask,
respectfully, of the friends of this bill, that they
will carry out the engagement into which they
entered, notwithstanding that the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Baker] chooses to imagine that it
is not courteous. I believe I have been here some
eight years, and I am not aware that I have ever
been accused of a want of courtesy and proper
treatment of Senators on both sides of the Cham-
ber, or refusing anything that ought to be granted.
But, sir, wo bad a distinct understanding and
agreement that this bill should be closed to-night;
and wo believe if we attempt to have a recess now,
it will not bo closed to-night. That is my objec-
tion. I believe the majority of us on this side of
the Chamber are ourselves sufficient judges, each
for himself, of the degree of courtesy which it is
necessary for him to exercise, from his experience
in this Chamber, of what is granted.
Now, sir, that is talked about as if it were a
new practice. Over and over and over again, have
I and other gentlemen been compelled to go on at
a very much cailier day in the session, in order
to pass a bill, without any consideration of this
kind, for a very g#od reason: because it was ne-
cessary to get through with it. I tell you, if you
mean to close the business of this session, you
must get through this bill to-night, and we must
sit up to do it. If you do not mean to close it,
very well; you can ad journ, or have a recess, or
anything else. 1 have done my duty, and wash
my hands of the responsibility.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Oregon, that
the Senate take a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
Mr. BAKER. I will say eight o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. W^hat do I un-
derstand tobe the motion of the Senator?
Mr. BAKER. Until eight o'clock. [!,0h,
no."] I have no choice as to the hour. Let it
stand at half past seven.
Mr. HUNTER. Until half past seven will only
give us one hour. It is now half past six
Mr. GREEN. That is long enough.
Mr. HUNTER. Oh, no: it is not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Oregon,
that the Senate take a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
Mr. PIUNTER. I suggest eight o'clock.
Until half past seven would only give us an hour,
and we could not go home and come back in that
time.
Mr. RICE. I am in favor of the motion; but
I cannot vote for it unless by the consent of the
other side of the chamber.
Mr BIGLER. Well, I will not vote for it,
either.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to say one word.
There was a fair understanding yesterday, in my
opinion, that we would take the vote to-day. I
am against the bill, but I am for carrying out the
understanding; and I think the best way is to
take no recess, but sit here until this bill is either
defeated or passed. That is my conviction,from
experience here.
The question oeing taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 28; as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Bragg, Fitch, Green. Hemphill,
Johnson of Tennessee, Latham, Nicholson, Peaice, and
Powell—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Doohttle, Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden,
Foot,Foster, Grimes, Ifale, Harlan, Johnson of Aikansas,
Kennedy, King, Morrill, Rice, Seward, Simmons, Sumner,
Ten Eyek, Tiuinbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—28.
So the Senate refused to take a recess.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon as a substitute for the bill.
Mr. LANE. I will go on with the remarks
that I have made up my mind to make, though I
have not now the arrangement that I have pre-
pared. I had to send to my room for my papers;
and instead of their coming up in order as I had
arranged them, they arc all confused. I have not
now the arrangement as complete as I had; but
as it is the pleasure of the Senate that I shall speak
now, I hope they will not tire. I shall proceed
to give my views upon matters that I had arranged
in my mind, and that I had arranged upon papers,
not only upon the question of the tariff, but upon
all other questions. 1 had prepared to give my
views fully upon-the question of secession.
Sir, I believe in the right of secession. I be-
lieve if that right had been conceded; if it had
been acknowledged; if it had been provided, if
you please, in the Constitution, that, whenever
the powers of this Government should be sub-
verted, or used to the oppression of the States,
they having the right to judge, they should be
permitted to withdraw from this Union, there
would to-day have been no disunion. If that had
been the understanding by all the people of this
country, then the cause of secession never would
have been perpetrated. The northern section of
ourcountry would have been careful. They would
not have violated the rights of the States. They
would not have subverted the powers conferred
upon the Government. They never would have
refused justice to all the States; and to-day we
should have had a happy and prosperous people.
But, sir, thereis alarge party in this country, em-
bracing almost the entire northern portion of the
country, who hold that this is one great consoli-
dated Government—a national Government; that
all power is in this Government, and that who-
ever has control of it can use it to the oppression
of those whom they choose to oppress; that they
can administer justice to one portion, and refuse
equality to another, and nobody has the right to
complain. I have different opinions of our Gov-
ernment. Our Government, as I understand it,
and as I have said before on this floor, is a Gov-
ernment created by the States. The States made
this Government for_their use, for their protec-
tion, for the promotion of their happiness, for
their security, for the protection of ail interests;
and while this Government, this agent created by
the States, shall be used for the legitimate pur-
poses for which itwas created, then, sir, we shall
have a happy country. But 
,Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator from Oregon
yield to me a moment f
