102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I do not choose
to be catechised on these subjects 
Mr. POWELL. I presume not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio has the
floor, unless he chooses to yield it.
Mr. WADE. I think I have made all the
answer to the Senator that I ought to make under
the circumstances.
Mr. POWELL, if the Senator will allow me,
1 will say that I have a resolution 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio give way?
Mi*. POWELL. A resolution passed by the
Republican Slate convention of his State in June
last 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio give way to the Senator from Ken-
tucky ?
Mr. WADE. I would rather continue my
argument.
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator allow me
to catechise him on that resolution?
Mr. WADE. No, sir; I will not be catechised
any further.
Mr. POWELL. I suppose not. I would then
say to the honorable Senator that he should not
ask for special cases unless he is willing to be cat-
echised and face the music on them.
Mr. WADE I will not be catechised upon
the Levitical law, or any other law, under these
circumstances. It is very easy to ask a great
many questions that a man is not prepared to an-
swer, especially a lawyer or a judge. I do not
think there is any great difficulty involved in the
questions that the gentleman puts; but they arc
out of place; they are entirely disconnected with
the course of argument that I am pursuing.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me,
I will remind him that he called upon Senators
on this side of the Chamber to specify.
Mr. WADE. I called upon them to specify
what they complained of in regard to the fugitive
slave bill, and the gentleman has got up a ease
where lie says the Governor of Ohio refused to
issue his warrant to deliver up a fugitive from
justice; and then he catechises me as to whether
I am in favor of the decision or against it, or the
legislation founded upon it. I do not know any-
thing about either, more than I have stated.
Now, Mr. President, I have shown, I think,
that the dominant majority here have nothing to
complain of in the legislation of Congress, or in
the legislation of any of the States, or in the prac-
tice of the people of the North, under the fugitive
slave bill, except so far as they say certain State
legislation furnishes some evidence of hostility to
their institutions. And here, sir, I beg to make an
observation. I tell the Senator, and I toll all the
Senators, that the Republican party of the north-
ern States, so far as I know, and of my own State
in particular, hold the same opinions with regard
to this peculiar institution of yours that are held
by nil the civilized nations of the world. We do
not differ from the public sentiment of England,
of France, of Germany, of Italy, and every other
civilized nation on Gods earth; and I tell you
frankly that you never found, and you never will
find, a free community that arc in love with your
peculiar institution. The Senator from Texas
[Mr. Wigfa.ll] told us the other day that cotton
was king, and that by its influence it would gov-
ern all creation. He uid not say so in words, but
that was the substance of his remark: that cotton
was king, and that it had its subjects in Europe
who dared not rebel against it. Here let me say
to that Senator, in passing, that it turns out that
they are very rebellious subjects, and they are
talking very disrespectfully at present of that
king that he spoke of. They defy you to cxer-
cise your power over them. They tell you that
they sympathize in this controversy with what
you call the black Republicans. Therefore I hope
that, so far as Europe is concerned at least, we
shall hear no more of this boast that cotton is
king; and that he is going to rule all the civilized
nations of the world, and'bring them to his foot-
stool. Sir, it will never be done.
But, sir, I wish to inquiie whether the southern
people are injured by, or have unyjustright to com-
plain of, that platform of principles that we put
out, and on which we have elected a President and
ViceJPresident. I have no concealments to make,
and 1 shall talk to you,my southern friends, pre-
cisely as I would talk upon the stump on the sub-
ject. I tell you that in that platform we did lay
it down that we would, if we had the power, pro-
hibit slavery from another inch of free territory
under this Government. I stand on that position
to-day. I have argued it probably to half a mil-
lion people. They stand there, and have commis-
sioned and enjoined me to stand there forever;
and, so help me God, I will. I say to you frankly,
gentlemen, that while we hold this doctrine, there
is no Republican, there is no convention of Re-
publicans, there is no paper that speaks for them,
there is no orator that sets forth their doctrines,
who ever pretends that they have any right in
your States to interfere with your peculiar insti-
tution; but, on the other hand, our authoritative
platform repudiates the idea that we have any
right or any intejuion ever to invade your pecu-
liar institution in your own States.
Now, what do you complain of? You are going
to break up this Government; you are going to
involve us in war and blood, from a mere suspi-
cion that we shall justify that which we stand
everywhere pledged not to do. Would you be
justified in the eyes of the civilized world in
taking so rponstrous a position, and predicating
it on a bare, groundless suspicion? We do not
love slavery. Did you not know that before to-
day? before this session commenced? Have you
not a perfect confidence that the civilized world
arc against you on this subject of loving slavery
or believing that it is the best institution in the
world ? Why, sir, everything remains precisely
as it was a year ago. No great catastrophe has
occurred. There is no recent occasion to accuse
us of anything. But all at once, when we meet
here, a kind of gloom pervades the whole com-
munity and the Senate Chamber. Gentlemen rise
and tell us that they are on the eve of breaking
up this Government, that seven or eight States
are going to break off their connection with the
Government, retire from the Union, and set up a
hostile Government of their own, and they look
imploringly over to us, and say to us " you can
prevent it; we can do nothing to prevent; but it
all lies with you." Well, sir, what can we do to
prevent it? You have not even condescended to
tell us what you want; but I think I see through
the speeches that I have heard from gentlemen
on the other side. If we would give up the ver-
dict of the people, and take your platform, I do
not know but you would be satisfied with it. I
think the Senator from Texas rather intimated,
and I think the Senator from Georgia more than
intimated, that if we would take what is exactly
the Charleston platform on which Mr. Breckin-
ndgc was placed, and give up that on which we
won our victory, you would grumblingly and
hesitatingly be satisfied.
Mr. IVERSON. I would prefer that the Sen-
ator would look over my remarks before quoting
them so confidently. I made no such statement
as that. I did not say that I would be satisfied
with any such thing. I would not be satisfied
with it.
Mr. WADE. I did not say that the Senator
said so; but by construction lgatheicd that from
his speech. I do not know that I was light in it.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator is altogether
wrong in his construction.
Mr. WADE. Well, sir, I have now found
what the Senator said on the other point to which
he called my attention a little while ago. Here
it is:
il Nor do we suppose that there will be any overt acts
upon the part ot Mr.Lincoln. For one. J do notdinul these
ovrt nets. j do not piopose to wait lor than. Why, sir,
the power of this Federal Government could be&o exercised
against the institution of slavciy in the southern States, as
that, without an oven act, the institution would not la-?t
ten years. We know that, sir; and seeing the storm which
is appioaching, although it may be seemingly in the dis-
tance, we aie determined to seek our ownsaletyand secu-
rity before it hur.-t upon us and onawbehn us with
lis Any, when we aie not in a situation to defend our-
selves."
That is what the Senator said.
Mr. IVERSON. Yes; that is what I said.
Mr. WADE. Well, then, you did not expect
that Mr. Lincoln would commit any overt act
against the Constitution—that was not it—you
were not going to wait for that, but wcic going
to proceed on your supposition that probably he
might: and that is the sense of what I said before.
♦ Well, Mr. President, I have disavowed all in-
tention on the part of the Republican.jparty to
harm a hair of your heads anywheVe. We hold
to no doctrine that can possibly work you an
inconvenience. We have been faithful to the
execution of all the laws in which you have any
interest, as stands confessed on this floor by your
own party, and as is known to me without their
confessions. It is not, then, that Mr. Lincoln is
expected to do any overt act by which you may
be injured; you will not wait for any; but antic-
ipating that the Government may work an in-
jury, yen say you will put au end to it, which
means simply, that you intend either to rule or
ruin this Government. That is what your com-
plaint comes to; nothing else. We do not like
your institution, you say. Well, we never liked
it any better than we do now. You might as
well have dissolved the Union at any other period
as now, on that account, for we stand in relation
to it precisely as we have ever stood: that is, re-
pudiating it among ourselves as a matter of policy
and morals, but nevertheless admitting thatwhere
it is out of our jurisdiction, we have no hold
upon it, and no designs upon it.
Then, sir, as there is nothing in the platform
on which Mr. Lincoln was elected of which you
complain, I ask, is there anything in the charac-
ter of the President elect of which you ought to
complain? Has he not lived a blameless life?
Did he ever transgress any law ? Has he ever com-
mitted any violation of duty of which the most
scrupulous can complain? Why, then, your sus-
picions that he will ? I have shown that you have
had the Government all the time until, by some
misfortune or maladministration, you brought it
to the very verge of destruction, and the wisdom
of the people had discovered that it was high
time that the scepter should depart from you, and
be placed in more competent hands; I say that
this being so, you have no constitutional right to
complain; especially when we disavow any inten-
tion so to make use of the victory we have won
as to injure you at all.
This'brings me, sir, to the question of com-
promises. On the first day of this session, a Sen-
ator rose in his place and offered a resolution for
the appointment of a committee to inquire into
the evils that exist between the different sections,
and to ascertain what can be done to settle this
great difficulty! That is the proposition, sub-
stantially. I tell the Senator that I know of no
difficulty; and as to compromises, I had supposed
that we were all agreed that the day of compro-
mises was at an end. The most solemn com-
promises we have ever made have been violated
without a whereas. Since I have had a seat in
this body, one of considerable antiquity, that had
stood for more than thirty years, was swept away
from your statute-books. When I stood here in
the minority arguing against it; when I asked you
to withhold your hand; when I told you it was a
sacred compromise between the sections, and that
when it was removed we should be brought face
to face with all that sectional bitterness that has
intervened; when I told you that it was a sacred
compromise which no man should touch with his
finger, what was your reply ? That it was a mere
act of Congress—nothing more, nothing less—and
that it could be swept away by the same majority
that passed it. That was true in point of fact,
i and true in point of law; but it showed the weak-
ness of compromises. Now, sir, T only speak
for myself; and I say that, in view of the'manner
in which other compromises have been heretofore
treated, I should hardly think any two of the
Democratic party would look each other in the
face and say "compromise" without a smile.
[Laughter.] A compromise to be brought about
by act of Congress, after the experience we have
had, is absolutely ridiculous.
But what have we to compromise? Sir, I am
one of those who went forth with zeal to main-
tain the principles of the great Republican pai ty.
In a constitutional way we met, as you met. We
nominated our candidates for President and Yice
President, and you did the same for yourselves.
The issue was made up; and we went to the peo-
ple upon it. Although we have been usually in
the minority; although we have been generally
beaten, yet, this time, the justice of our princi-
ples, and the maladministration of the Govern-
ment in your hands, convinced the people that a
change ought to be wrought; and after you had
tried your utmost, and we had tried our utmost,
we beat you; and we beat you upon the plainest
