1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1063
Mr. LANE. Yes, sir; I am willing to yield;
for 1 intend to talk here all night, unless the Sen-
ate shall choose sooner to adjourn; and I do not
care how many interruptions may be made. I do
not care whether the Senate adjourn or not. I
am going to talk till I get through.
Mr. WILSON. I want to make a suggestion
to the Senator from Oregon. 1 think, from the
course of his remarks, that he is speaking on the
general question of political affairs more than
upon the question of the tariff. Now, I desire to
make this suggestion to him: whether we could
not take a vote on the tariff question to-night, and
agree to hold an evening session to-morrow. We
could take up the question of the President's mes-
sage to-morrow evening, and he can make his
speech upon it, and give some of the rest of us,
who desire to do so, an opportunity to make
speeches on that occasion.
Mr. LANE. I am talking now of the state of
the Union generally, and the finances in particu-
lar.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas._ Will the Sen-
ator from Oregon allow me to interrupt him a
moment?
Mr. LANE. Oh, certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not like
the way in which the Senator says "Oh, cer-
tainly." I am sure the Senator from Oregon
would not say an unkind thing to me.
Mr. LANE. I certainly never would do so,
intentionally,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then, sir, I
■wish to make this remark: I adhere of course to
agreements that are made here. Every one else
does so upon this side, and I have no complaint
to make on that point of the other side. A ques-
tion was made here about an adjournment and a
recess, against both of which I chose to vote, in
deference to that agreement. I had no idea that
the Senator from Oregon really intended to make
a speech except upon the tariff. I voted against
both of these motions, although I am sincerely his
friend; one who admires him; one who believes
that he is a man living north of Mason & Dix-
on's line who pursues no other than a patriotic
course, from patriotic motives. That has been
my feeling. 1 find, however, that he desires to
speak on a subject which connects itself with the
business that was under consideration here a few
days since, and it is in this light that I desire to
make a suggestion to the Senate. It seems to me,
the Senator certainly must be under the impres-
sion that the floor is held from him on a subject
in which he feels somewhat personally affected,
if not aggrieved; that he is being kept from a hear-
ing on that subject; and, in the exercise of his
senatorial right — to speak upon any bill — he
chooses to make his remarks on the present bill,
in order to place himself right before the country.
Am I wrong, or not? If this is so, and I think
he has indicated to us that that is the motive
which influences him, I think that other agree-
ments here should be waived in order to reach a
point like that. I am sure neither side of the Sen-
ate would for one instant deny him the chance of
having a full opportunity of speaking on that
subject.
It seems to me, this whole difficulty can be
accommodated; and, therefore, I wish to make a
further suggestion. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] who, in our intercourse
here and upon the Committee on Military Affairs,
in which I have been serving with him, I have
never known to do an illiberal act, has probably
never thought of the obstructions which he had
placed in the way of the Senator from Oregon,
■who felt himself entitled to a hearing, but could
not get it, owing to the Senator from Massachu-
setts deferring his remarks on the consideration
of those bills. I have thought, therefore, it would
be as well for me to suggest now to the Senator
from Massachusetts to give the floor to the Sen-
ator from Oregon at the time it is appointed to
take up the President's message, and that the
Senator from Oregon will suffer us to go on and
dispose of this bill, in accordance with the agree-
ment that it should be disposed of to-mght. The
Senator from Massachusetts can obtain the floor
hereafter on that subject.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator says there was an
agreement. There never was one.
Mr. WILSON. I will merely say—and I say
it in all sincerity—that I have not yielded the
floor, and not moved the postponement of the
consideration of that question upon which I had
the floor, in order to keep the Senator from Ore-
gon from speaking. I have been forced to do it
contrary to my own wishes—for I wanted to speak
upon the subject—by the pressure ofbusiness,and
by the universal wish of my friends here. I have
the floor for to-morrow, at one o'clock; but I
know I cannot proceed with my speech at that
time without going contrary to the wishes of every
man on my side of the Chamber. They say we
must attend to this important business. My prop-
osition was this: that the Senator from Oregon,
who is now making a speech on the general poli-
tics of the country, shall allow us to come to a
vote upon this tariff bill; and that, by common
consent, the Senate to-morrow take a recess—say
until seven o'clock—and let the Senator come here
and have the floor first. I will not take the floor
from him. I will call up the question of the Pres-
ident's message, and let him take the floor, and
I will go on after him, if I can do so.
Mr. GREEN. If it is understood the Senator
can go on at one o'clock, I will agree to it; not
otherwise.
Mr. WILSON. There is an important bill—
the miscellaneous appropriation bill—fixed for to-
morrow at one o'clock; and I know the Senator
from Maine will press its consideration; but, so
far as I am concerned, I will yield the floor at
one o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. President,
I expected from the Senator from Massachusetts
exactly as liberal a declaration as his last words
imply; and I have no question, when the matter
is put to each Senator on the other side, that there
will be conceded to any member on this floor a
full right to have a hearing. I know how it has
been with the Senator from Oregon; and I know
how it has been with others on my own side; for,
as the matter now stands, there is a good deal of
division, not only here,but on the other side; but
still every one is. willing that debate shall have
free course and a fair show. It will not be denied
by any one, that the Senator from Massachusetts
has held the floor, and has held it in a way that
the Senator from Oregon thought was oppressive
upon him. He considered that it should have
been conceded to him in the first place; not that
1 would imply that the person who occupied the
Chair (for I do not know who it was) intended
anything of the sort; but it has so happened.
The Senator from Massachusetts has of course
steadily conceded to his side, to the oppression of
a member on this side of the Chamber, and it has
been with much modesty that I have made the
suggestion on this subject. I think the Senator
should have a hearing. As to deferring it until
seven o'clock, why, of course, you had just as
well take it now. Under these circumstances, I
suggest to the Senate itself, that there should be
a fair hearing on this subject. I am perfectly
willing to give it. I am satisfied that the Senator
to whomthe Senatorfrom Oregon intends to reply,
would not object to giving it himself. I believe
he would. I think, as that discussion has been
upon a higher question than one of dollars and
cents—the question of the tariff—it certainly would
not be intended to deny the Senator a fair hearing
upon itin any respect; and then the tariff bill can
be passed to-night, if the Senate will show that
just liberality which it has hitherto shown to
every Senator.
Mr. WILSON I say to the Senator from Ark-
ansas that, until a day or two ago, when I moved
to put off the question of the President's message
until yesterday—and then I proposed to put the
question over until Thursday—I had no idea that
the Senator from Oregon had any feeling that I
was keeping him from the floor. I say, sir, in
the utmost sincerity, that I had no intention to do
so, and no disposition to act with discourtesy or
unkindness towards any Senator.
Now, sir, a single word further. My proposi-
tion was this: that we go on with the tariff bill
to-night; vote upon it, and have an evening ses-
sion to-morrow night. The Senator, if he desires
it, will then have time to get his notes, ana to
arrange everything to suit himself. Let us go on
and vote upon this tariff bill to-night; and to-
morrow, at one o'clock, so far as I am concerned
—I cannot govern the Senate—I will yield the
floor to him. Then I should like, if the Senate
would gratify me in that particular, to have an
evening session to-morrow at seven o'clock, «o
as to give myself, and one or two others who
desire to speak, an opportunity to do so. ' If
anybody should choose to come to hear those
speeches, very well.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will say to
the Senator from Oregon that I do aot think any-
thing could be fairer than that.
Mr. LANE. I did not hear the proposition.
I was talking to a gentleman at the time. ' -
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas: I hope the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts will expiain it again.
. Mr. WILSON. What I say is this: I cannot
bind the Senate to take up the question to-mor-
row at one o'clock, on which I had the floor; but
I will say to the Senator from Oregon that, so-far
as I am concerned, I will yield the floor to him
first, and will consent to follow him. If the Sen-
ate choose to let him have the floor, to-morrow at
one o'clock, very well. All I ask is, that if they
do so, they will agree to have an evening session
and give me the privilege of speaking in the even-
ing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope that
will be accepted.
Mr. POWELL. I wish to say one word upon
this matter of agreement. I was n the Senate
Chamber when the Senator from Pennsylvartia,
the Senator from Wisconsin, and others, spoke of
the agreement to take a vote on the tariff to-day.
I was no party to that agreement. I stated dis-
tinctly in my seat, so that those who sat near me
could hear, and addressed myself particularly to
the Senator from Missouri, fMr. Green,] thatl
would not make any such agreement. I did ad-
dress the Chair to make thai statement; but l
stated it distinctly to the Senator from Missouri;
and in reply to me, he said he would not. I make
this statement in order that the Senate may know
that I could not be a party to an agreement which
I made, and then refuse to abide By it; and I will
say now,once for all, to the Senate, that I do not
consider I am bound by any agreement or under-
standing that may be entered into here, unless I
rise and express my approbation of it. I will not
allow other Senators to make agreements for me;
but I shall always, when I make agreements, ex-
pressly state the fact; and when I make them, I
will abide by them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hopetheSea-
ator hereafter, when he hears an agreement, will
get up and object to it, if he does not agree to it.
Silence gives consent.
Mr. GREEN. No; it does not. You have
no right to make it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then it is a
take-in, and no gain by making it.
Mr. POWELL. I will say to my friend from
Arkansas, that I said I did not agree to it in my
seat, without addressing the Chair. I did not
know what the custom was. It is the first time
lever heard an agreement discussed in the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It has been the
uniform practice to make such agreements.
Mr. POWELL. To prevent mistakes here-
after, I wish to state to the Senate that unless I
expressly approve of an agreement, they need not
consider me as bound by it.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, I am sure there
can be no gentleman in this world by nature more
kind than myself, nor one that feels more grate-
ful for kindness when properly offered. Now,
the Senator from Massachusetts may Hot have
known that I very much desired to get the floor
tor some time past. I did not tell him thatl did.
I am sure everybody will say that by nature I am
modest; but 1 felt that, at the time he got the floor,
I ought to have had it. Without saying a word
on the subject, I have waited for an opportunity
to address the Senate; and I was reminded a little
while ago, that I had not very many days here.
I concluded this was the last opportunity I should
have to address the Senate. Sir, while I love my
friends and appreciate kindness from them, and
will always give it in return; no man hates his
enemies so much, or cares as little about them, as
I do. I thank God that no living man shall ask
anything honorable of me without always being
certain to get it. • - •
But, without saying anything on that subject,
I will say that I am very willing to the arrange-
ment the Senator from Massachusetts proposes,
with a hope that I shall be allowed to speak to-
morrow I do not want to lie under the feeling
