1064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
that I, have had for a number of days. It is not
proper that the Senate should require me to do it.
I can say what I have to say now with a better
feeling and in better temper than 1 can two or
three days after this, and I hope I shall have the
privilege of saying it. If this is the agreement,
if it is certain that I can have the floor to-mor-
row, then I will say all I have to say, as I before
remarked, having been notified that I have not
many days to stay, and it will be, perhaps, the
last time that I shall address the Senate; but that
matters not. I have been in Congress now ten
years without losing one half hour from my seat.
For ten sessions I have not been absent from my
duty one half hour. Rarely have I lost a vote on
any important question, nor have I ever failed to
discharge my duty, and I intend, for the short
time I have Jo stay here, to continue to perform
my duty; and then, sir, I shall be the happiest
man in this world when I leave here, because I
can say, before high Heaven, on my conscience,
that I have faithfully and honestly discharged my
duty to the State iiwhich I live and to the whole
country, with a desire as strong as ever beat in
the heart of man to promote the interests of every
portion of the country. I thank God that, in my
feeling, I have no affection for one locality over
another. This is my country—the whole of it;
and while I live, I shall be true to every inch of"
it. I shall stand upon the Constitution made by
our fathers; I shall be just to every portion of the
country; and no power on earth can turn me one
inch to the right or the left. No office on earth,
or no wealth on earth, could move me one inch
from that which I believe to be my duty.
But there is no reason why I should go on in
this strain. I only desire to say, I thank the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts with all my heart; and
if it is agreeable to all that 1 shall have an oppor-
tunity to-morrow,at one o'clock, at three o'clock,
or at five o'clock, any time that may be agreed
upon, to say what I desire to say, it will be per-
haps the last favor that I shall ever ask on this
floor; and I will agree to the suggestion of the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope that will
be agreed to.
Mr. BAKER. I desire to make a personal ex-
Elanation. I am very sorry to have to detain the
eimte a moment, I observe ray colleague repeats
once or twice a remark which I very unfortunately
and inadvertently made, if it pains anybody. I
was a little provoked at what I believed to be a
want of courtesy towards me by some of my
friends, and it appears that I have made a remark
which I should very deeply regret, if it gave any-
body pain.
It seems I said the Senator from Oregon would
not be here very long. I merely meant to say by
that—and I hope every gentleman will believe me
incapable of intending anything else—that that
being so, it was an additional reason why we
ought to extend a courtesy to him, which it might
not be so proper to extend to gentlemen in other
circumstances. Although I have opposed the
Senator, and perhaps shall till I die; although
there are a great many things in which I differ
from him; although my personal relations are not
friendly with him, yet no man who knows me
well would believe I could bo capable of saying a
word in this way to give even an enemy pain, or
to make a remark which, I think, if I had made
it for such a purpose, would have been not only
unkind, but ungontleinanly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Oregon, as a substitute for the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I offer an amendment to the
amendment, to insert at the end of it the following:
That the first section of the act approved March 3, 1857,
entitled "An act reducing the duty on imports, and for other
puiposes," be, and the same is hereby, amended so as to
read as follows:
Upon the articles enumerated in schedules A and B, of
the tariff act of 1849, a duty of 40 per centum; and upon
those enumerated in schedule C,33 per centum ; m sched-
ule D, 25 per ccntum ; in schedule E, 20 per centum ; in
schedule F, 15 per ccntum; in schedule G, 10 per centum;
and in schedule II. 5 per centum: with such exceptions as
are hereinafter made: and all articles soimpoited as afore-
said, and not enumerated in the said schedules, nor in
schedule I, shall pay a duty of 20 per centum: Provided,
That sugars, sirups, and molasses, shall be transferred to
schedule E of said act: Jlni provided, further, That tins
act shall take effect from and after tile 1st day of April,
1861.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The first question will be on theamend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts to the
amendment of the Senator from Oregon.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
nowwill be on the amendment of the Senatorfrom
Oregon.
Mr. POWELL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. Before taking the question,
I merely wish to announce, at the request of my
colleague, that he has paired off with the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden.] I am also
requested to announce that Mr. Bright has been
called home by the sickness of one of his chil-
dren.
Mr. BIGLER. State how they would vote.
Mr. HUNTER. My colleague, of course,
would vote against the bill, and for this amend-
ment. Mr. Crittenden would vote otherwise.
Mr. Bright would vote against this bill, and for
the amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to say that the Sen-
ator from Connecticut [Mr. Dixon] paired off,
before going home on account of sickness in his
family, with the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Kennedy.]
The question being taken on Mr. Lane's amend-
ment by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 13, nays
25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bragg, Douglas, Green, Hunter, John-
son of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Latham,
Nicholson, Pearee, Powell, Rice, and Sebastian—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, ilaker, iiigler, Hingfoani, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, Doohttle, Durkee, Fessendcn, Foot,
Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, King, Morrill. Sewatd, Sim-
mons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no further
amendment be proposed, the question is, " Shall
the amendments be engrossed, and the bill be read
a third time ?"
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time; and the ques-
tion being on its passage,
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I have made
up my mind to vote for this bill; but as I shall
vote for it for reasons quite different from those
which have been assigned to members from that
section of the country to which I belong, I must
be indulged for a very few moments in giving my
reasons for the vote I shall give.
It has been urged, Mr. President, especially by
anumbcrof gentlemen from the Westand North-
west, that this is a bill to impose very heavy bur-
dens upon their section of the country, and that
it is for the advantage of Now England and the
eastern States. I do not so view it. So far as
the State of Connecticut is concerned, I think I
speak the views of the people of that State when
I say that their interests would be more advanced
by having the present law continue, than to have
this bill enacted in its place. I agree entirely with
the Senatorfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Wii.son,]
who asserted the same in regard to the State of
Massachusetts. I do not believe that this bill is
to be beneficial to the people of Connecticut to the
same extent as the tariff now existing, passed m
1857. There are various reasons for it, which I
will not go into. It has been alleged, also, that
the principal articles which this bill piotects are
those of eastern manufacture, and so, of course,
it will be beneficial to the eastern States; and that
the West derived little or no advantage from it,
there being but one or two,or, at all events, very
few articles in the bill on which a duty is levied,
which will be beneficial to the western States.
Now, Mr. President, 1 must be permitted to
say that I believe this bill is more beneficial to
the West than it is to the East; far more advan-
tageous to the agricultural interest of this coun-
try than any other interest. This is my convic-
tign. Gentlemen from that section of the country
may understand this matter much better than I;
but inasmuch as they proffer their advice and give
their opinions in regard to the effect which it'has
on my section, they must not be surprised if I
also proffer mine in regard to the effect which it
may have on their section.
Mr. President, New England has been charged j
over and over again with great selfishness in this |
matter of tariffs. It has been said that we are ex-
ceedingly covetous, greedy of gain, desirous of
having ourselves protected at the expense of other
sections of the country; and this has been said
so often that I suppose a great portion of the
country believe it; but it is not true.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sena-
tor allow me to make a single suggestion ?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have no doubt
that it has escaped the attention of the Senator;
but I will state to him what 1 see to be the feel-
ing prevailing. The Senator is destroying the
chance of action on this bill according to his own
agreement, and that of his side. It was expected
that there should be no general speeches, and
debate has been restrained; but, instead of reach-
ing a question now, I am afraid the Senator ia
embarking in a course of debate which must call
for and receive a reply; and, if so, we shall not
get through with the bill to-night. I trust the
Senator will take another occasion for this. I
make the suggestion out of no disrespect to him.
Mr. FOSTER. I certainly do not presume
any is intended, and I shall not occupy more
than five or eight minutes. I say, Mr. President,
the charge that New England is responsible for
the tariff policy of the country is a mistake. New
England was originally commercial, and her com-
merce was ruined by national legislation. The
tariffs of the country, the principal tariffs, were
passed in the years 1824, 1828, 1849, and 184G.
The tariff of 1824, in this body, was voted for by
Maine, Vermont, Rhode Island, and Connecticut.
Massachusetts voted against it, and New Hamp-
shire was divided. On the tariff of 1828, Con-
necticut and-Vermont voted for it; New Hamp-
shire and Maine voted against it; Rhode Island
and Massachusetts were divided. On the tariff
of 1842, Massachusetts, Vermont, and Rhode Isl-
and voted for it; New Hampshire voted against
it; Connecticut and Maine were divided. On the
tariff of 1846, New Hampshire voted for it; Mas-
sachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, and Ver-
mont voted against it; and Maine was divided.
These were the votes in this body. I have not
the Journals of the House of Representatives be-
fore me; but my recollection is, from an exam-
ination made not long since, that the majority of
the New England delegation in the other branch
voted against each one of those tariffs; and those,
I repeat, are the main tariffs that have been passed
by the Congress of the United States.
So much for the charge that New England has
been so greedy and so selfish in respect to this
tariff policy which has, in fact, been forced upon
her. I shall vote for this bill, notwithstanding,
and for the reason that the present system is
notoriously quite insufficient to produce sufficient
revenue to carry on the Government. We have
been running shamefully in debt for four years,
in a time of profound peace and general prosper-
ity. _ I, for one, am willing to vote for such a tariff
as will raise money enough to cany oil the Gov-
ernment, however it may affect my section of the
country. We are bound to do that. Therefore
I am willing to change the system, but not for the
profit of my State. In regard to the agricultural
section of the country, who seem to think that
they are doing us a favor in voting for this bill,
I will say that they are doing us no other favor
than that they are aiding us to carry on the Gov-
ernment in which they have as much interest as
we, no more, no less. So far, however, as the
agricultural interest is concerned, 1 say, and if
there were time, I think I could establish the fact
to the satisfaction of every man who would be
satisfied with reasonable proof, that every farmer
in the West feels the effect of this tariff, if it be a
protective one, upon every bushel of corn, every
bushel of wheat, every barrel of pork, every bar-
rel of beef which he sells. If the manufacturers
of the East, those whom this bill will set to work,
it it do set any to work, were not thus employed;
but if they went to the West and commenced
raising corn and wheat, two things would imme-
diately occur: first, that the demand for these arti-
cles would be diminished; and next, the supply
greatly increased. The consequent result would
be 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will my friend allow me
to make a suggestion? The course of remark in
which he is indulging has a very natural tendency
to call on some of the gentlemen who represent
