1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1W
the western States to reply; and we cannot enter
into a debate now, because it would be a viola-
tion of the understanding which we have had with
the other side of the Chamber: and I very much
fear that my friend is producing such an impres-
sion on our friends upon the other side that we
may never have anotherarrangement again about
taking the vote 011 any question.
Mr. POSTER. I ana replying to remarks made
by Senators from Michigan and from Iowa, and
others who have spoken in regard to this sub-
ject, and who have reflected, though of course not
unkindly, on my section.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I appeal to my honorable
friend to allow us to take a vote.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator from Con-
necticut will be allowed to proceed with his re-
marks. We have plenty of time. Weliavcuntil
daylight.
Mr. LANE. It is not near midnight yet.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will say to my honora-
ble friend from Connecticut, that I took some part
in bringing about what I supposed was an under-
standing; and if, on our side of the question, we
indulge m debate after the time has arrived for
taking a vote, according to the understanding,
that understanding may be regarded as being vio-
lated oil our side; and therefore I appeal to my
honorable friend to allow a vote to be taken.
Mr. POWELL. I willassure the Senator from
Wisconsin that we consider it no violation on this
side. I hope the Senator may be permitted to
proceed, and that every other gentleman will be
allowed to assign his reasons, if he chooses to
do so.
Mr. SIMMONS. Will my friend from Con-
necticut permit me to make one suggestion ? I
should like very much to have had fifteen minutes,
but have forborne. I hope we shall take some
other occasion to explain our votes.
Mr. FOSTER. I said I would not exceed eight
minutes, and counting the time which I have been
interrupted, I will come within the eight minutes
I have spoken of.
Mr. EINGHAM. I think the gentleman has
spoken over ten minutes now.
Mr. FOSTER. I have watched the clock; the
gentleman is mistaken.
As it regards, Mr. President, the resources of
the West, the agricultural products of the West,
I will merely glance at the subject. The average
depth of soil through the West is from twelve to
eighteen inches, and that soil has a substratum
of sand, gravel, and barren white and gray clays,
in which there is no element, or scarcely an ele-
ment, of vegetation. These plains, resting on
gravel, cannot long retain a food-producing sur-
face. Thirty years ago, the average yield of wheat
in Ohio was thirty-three bushels to the acre; it is
now eleven bushels. In Indiana and Illinois, the
ratio of decrease in wheat and corn is as great as
in Ohio. The soil is losing its life-blood. ^
American agriculture, Mr. President, is little
more than the art of rapidly exhausting the soil.
Let us go on at the rate we are now going; let us
devote ourselves to'agriculture; let manufactures
and all other industrial pursuits alone, devoting
ourselves to the cultivation of the soil, as it is
called, raising wheat and corn and selling them,
and the day is not distant when the West, instead
of bein" the garden of the world, will be a desert.
Mr. BINGHAM and Mr. WILKINSON. We
will take care of that.
Mr. FOSTER. Take an acie of land: and the
soil, a foot deep over the whole surface, weighs
about 3,500,000 pounds. An acre of land that
produces 30 bushels of wheat, takes from the soil
239 pounds of the ash of pla nts. The grain weighs
about 1,840 pounds, and the straw 4,600 pounds.
An acre of the same land will produce 36,800
pounds of beet roots, 9,200 pounds of beet-tops;
and these take from the soil 520 pounds of the ash
of plants. Now, take the land fit for culture in
the western country, take the amount of wheat
and corn and other products that are raised there,
and it is as clear as any problem in mathematics
that that soil is rapidly tending to exhaustion,
and when exhausted, the character of the subsoil
generally forbids entirely any renewal of it. It
will become, 1 repeat, a desert instead of a gar-
den. Now, I say to western gentlemen, on this
state of facts, that it is not expedient, it is not
economical, it is not wise, to insist that the agri-
cultural interests if the country alone are bur-
dened and not benefited by a tariff which protects
domestic industry. The true interest of the agri-
culturist is to create a market as near home as
possible. The more remote the market, the less
valuable are the returns to the producer; and the
constant transportation abroad of vegetable prod-
ucts must impoverish and finally exhaust the soil.
If the farmers of the country understood their
true interests, they would be clamorous for a pro-
tective tariff.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is " Shall the bill pass?"
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bister, Bingham,
Cameron, Chandler, Clark, Dooiitttc, Durkec, Fesscndeu,
Foot, Foster. Grimes, Hale, Harlan, King:, Morrill, Seward,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Bragg,Clingman,Douglas, Green, Hun-
ter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane,
Latham, Nicholson, Peaice, Powell, Rice, aud Sebas-
tian—34.
So the bill was passed.
INUNDATIONS OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. WILSON. I want to make a motion ac-
cording to the suggestion thrown out this evening,
in regard to to-morrow. I move that we have an
evening session to-morrowevening. ["Oh,no."]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
Mr. WILSON. I propose a recess from five
to seven o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. GREEN. Let it lie over. I object to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask that a
paper on the desk be referred to the Committee
on Printing. It is in regard to the survey of the
delta of the Mississippi. There is a vast deal of |
information in it with reference to all the systems
of inundation. I ask that it may be printed; and
that motion, I suppose, will be referred to the
Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Secretary of War, in answer
to a resolution of the Senate of the 13th instant,
transmitting the report of Captain A. A. Hum-
phreys, of the topographical engineers, upon the
result of the surveys and investigations made
under the actof Congress directing the topograpi-
cal and hydrographical survey of the delta of the
Mississippi river, with such investigations as
might lead to a determination of the most practi-
cable plan for securing it fiom inundation; which
was ordered to lie on the table; and amotion by
Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas,'to print the report,
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. WILSON. Now I hope, by common con-
sent, the arrangement we talked of will be made;
that is, to have a recess from five to seven o 'clock,
to-morrow evening.
Mr. GREEN. If it is for the benefit of the
Senator himself, I shall not object. Otherwise,
I shall.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have a vote.
Mr. GREEN. I withdraw my objection, ifit
is for the accommodation of the Senator himself.
Ifit is to be made a rule, I insist on the objection.
Mr. WILSON. Do it on my account, then.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to know pre-
cisely the nature of the motion. Is it the under-
standing that the proposed evening session is to
be devoted to discussion, but that no votes are to
be taken?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am satisfied with that
understanding.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved,
by the Senator from Massachusetts, that the Sen-
ate take a recess to-morrow, from five to seven
o'clock, p. m.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.     
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 20, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The J ournal of yes terday was read and approved.
UNITED STATES SHIPS, ETC.
The SPEAKER, stated the business first in
order to be tlie consideration of the bill reported
by Mr. Stanton in regard to the militia;
Mr. DAWES. 1 wish to submit a-report from
the select committee of'five OB the President's
special message. - '
Mr. BURNETT. I insist on the regular order
of business. '
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to make his report, it' being
a privileged matter. . ■
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the select
committee of five to make a report, and to ask
that it be read, ordered to be printed,and recom-
mitted to the committee.
The Clerk commenced to read the report:
Mr. BURNETT, (interrupting.) I understood
that the gentleman from Massachusetts only
asked to have the report printed, and recommitted
to the committee.
Mr. DAWES. I want fo have it printed in the
Globe, so that all the members of the House can
read it. " •
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to that.
Mr. DAWES. I want it printed in the Globe,
and recommitted.
Mr. BRANCH. I want it understood that if
the report is to be printed in the Globe to-mor-
row, 1 shall deem it my duty, as an act of justice
to a high officer of the Government, to ask the
House to permit me to submit a few reinarks,
after the resolution is read, in order that they may
go with the report. If the reading of the report
be dispensed with, and the report printed in the
Globe, I shall submit my remarks now.
Mr. HOWAHp, ofMichigan. I suggest to the
gentleman from North Carolina,.that perhaps it
would suit him better to submit his remarks wheu
the matter is called lip for action.
Mr. BRANCH. I think the course suggested
would not be just to the officer whose conduct is
condemned by this report. I think that his" de-
fense, so far I propose to make a defense of him,
should go forth with the report itself, particularly
as I do not understand the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to be to print the evi-
dence, but only the report containing his com-
ments on the evidence. If the whole evidence were
to be printed with the report, I should not deem it
necessary to submit any remarks at all.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I suggest that the
several members of the select committee have an
opportunity, when the report is ca'lled for con-
sideration, to enter what defense of that officer's
conduct they may deem necessary.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to that; but
I desire to have the report printed in the Globe,
because it could not be printed in the regular form,
for the use of members, til! after the adjournment.
Mr. BRANCH. I shall make no objection,
provided I have an opportunity to submit a few
remarks now.
Mr. DAWES. I shall not object to that, if the
report be read to the House.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I desire to
make a remark, in justice to my colleagues on
the committee. The labors of the committee have
been very great. But for that, minority reports
would have been submitted at this time. I there-
fore hope that, by unanimous consent, they shall
have an opportunity to address the House, which
is all they desire, either now or when the report
comes up for action. ' '
Mr. BRANCH. I prefer to go on now, if the
report is to he printed in to-morrow's Globe.
Mr. DAWES. It seems to me that, if the gen-
tleman from North Carolina makes his remarks
now, the report ought to be read, so that the ap-
propriateness of his remarks can be seen by the
House. 1 ,
Mr. BRANCH. So far as I am concerned, the
gentleman from Massachusetts 'may pursue his
own course in regard to reading or not reading
the report.
Mr. DAWES. I have no desire to have it read
myself; but if the gentleman from North Carolina
desires to make his remarks at this time, I think
the report ought to be read. It will take but little
time.
Mr. BRANCH. I only desire that my remarks
shall go out with the report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that,
by common consent, the report shall be read, and
that the gentleman from North Carolina shall
then be at liberty to make his remarks.
