106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
The resolution was read) as follows:
Resolved. That the following amendments be proposed to
the Constitution of the United States: Tlie right of prop-
erty in slaves is leeognized; and no law shall be passed, and
nothing shall be done, to impair, obstruct, or prevent, the
full and ft co enjoyment and use of such right in any Terri-
tory or other property of the United States. No new State
shall bo admitted into the Union without the consentof two
thirds of all the membersofboth branches of Congress, and
the vote *ball be taken by yeas aatf nays, which shall be
entered on the Journal; and every bill for ?uch purpose
shall be subject to the approval or rejection of the President
of the United States, as in other cases, cxcept that, when
returned with Ins objections, it shall require the votes of
thrve fourths of all the members of Congress to pass it
notwithstanding.
Mi\ LOVEJOY. If that is not in order, I
• dbjecU
Mr. FLORENCE. I apprehend that> having
had the consent of the House to offer these propo-
sitions* it is now too late to object. They are to
go to the committee of thiftywthrce.
The SPEAKER. The Chairconsiders that the
consent was given merely to have the propositions
read. If, therefore, the gentleman from Illinois
objects, the objection is in time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do object.
Mr. FLORENCE. Perhaps the gentleman
from Illinois did not hear the resolution read.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes, I did.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, perhaps it is better
to have it read again, so that the gentleman may
understand it. I ask that it be read again.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask leave to present cer-
tain resolutions, adopted by the citizcns of Phil-
adelphia, in regard to the present condition of the
country, with a view to their reference to the
spccial committee of thirty-three.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a call of States for
bills on leave. 1 object to anything else being
brought foi ward.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well; I will not in-
terpose at this stage of the business; but I will
seek another opportunity to ask for the reference
of these resolutions. I understood, however, that
my resolution wus referred.
The SPEAKER. No; it was merely read for
information.
Mr. FLORENCE. I did not ask it to be read
for information. I merely suggested most respect-
fully to the Chair that the objection of the gen-
tleman from Illinois was not in time. I expressly
stated that I desired it to be read with a view to
its reference to the committee of thirty-three; and
it was so read, i now submit to the Chair that,"
having fulfilled these functions,so far as the read-
ing is concerned, the resolution goes to die com-
mittee of thirty-three. I think MPshould be there,
and I also think that it should receive the con-
currence of a majority of the committee.
The SPEAKER, Objection being made, it
cannot be received.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I shall take occasion,
with the permission of the Chair, to ask its refer-
ence at another time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes that another
opportunity will be offered to the gentleman.
LOUISIANA LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. TAYLOR introduced a bill authorizing
floats to issue m satisfaction of claims against the
United States for lands sold by them within the
LasOrmigas and Lackawan grants, in the State of
Louisiana; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
BIGHTS OF CITIZENS OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, introduced a bill
more effectually to protect the rights of citizens of
the United States.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Let the bill be read for
information.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. I move its refer-
ence to the special committee of thirty-three.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask that it he first read
for information.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the object be to
make this thing uniform, I am satisfied: for I have
resolutions on the same subject which 1 wish to
offer.
The bill was read. It provides that any State
court or judge thereof, or officer, citizen,'or in-
habitants of any of the United States or Territo-
ries, or any person whatever, who shall hereafter
enforce, or attempt to enforce, any law passed by
any of the States or Territories of the United
States making it a penal offense for any of the
citizens of such State or Territory to assist in the
capture and rendition of any fugitive slave, shall
for every such offense be subject to and suffer the
same penalties prescribed by the seventh section
of the act approved 18th September, 1850, to
amend and supplemental to the act entitled "An
act respecting fugitives from justice and persons
escaping from the service of their masters," ap-
proved 12th February, 1793.
The second section provides that,if any county,
city, or town, within the jurisdictional limits of
which any of the provisions of the first section
of this act, or the provisions of the aforesaid act
approved 18th September, 1850, shall hereafter be
violated, by reason of which any master or owner
of a slave shall be in any wise injured thereby,
such county, city, or town, shall pay to the master
or owner of such slave double the amount of dam-
ages sustained by such master or owner of such
slave, to be recovered by action in any of the State
or Federal courts in the United States.
The third section enacts that any person or
persons whatever, who shall violate that part of
the second section of the fourth article of the Fed-
eral Constitution giving to citizens of each State
all the privileges and immunities of citizens of the
several States, or who shall be found guilty of
inflicting summary punishment upon any citizen
of the United States without due process of law,
shall, in like manner, be liable to double dam-
ages; and the county,city, or town, within which
the same shall bo perpetrated, shall in like manner
be liable to the penalty of double damages; pro-
vided the same be not necessaiy to prevent, sup-
press, or repel invasions or insurrections.
The bill was referred to the select committee
of thirty-three.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. TTTEAKEH, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act to author-
ize the issuing of Treasury notes and for other
purposes; when the Speaker signed the same.
JUDICIAL EXPENSES IN INDIANA.
Mr. PORTER introduced a bill appropriating
money to the State of Indiana for apartments
furnished by said State for the use of the circuit
and district courts of the United States for said
State, from 1838 to 1858, inclusive; and for fuel
and lights furnished to said courts; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
MARIA W. KINDER.
Mr. PORTER also introduced a bill for the
relief of Maria W. Kinder; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
ILLINOIS LAND TITLES.
Mr. LOVEJOY introduced a bill to ascertain
and adjust the titles to certain lands in the State
of Illinois; winch was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
v GABRIEL .T. JOHNSTON.
Mr. NOELL introduced a bill for the relief of
Gabriel J. Johnston; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
ARSENAL AT ST. LOUIS.
Mr. BARRET introduced a bill to remove the
United States arsenal from the city of St. Louis,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affair^.
PONY EXPRESS MAIL.
Mr. SCOTT introduced a bill authorizing and
directing the Postmaster General to contract with
the Pony Express Company for the transporta-
tion of Government mail matter; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
MILITARY POST IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. ALDRICH introduced a bill making ap-
propriations for the construction of a military
post on or near the Red River of the North, be-
tween the forty-seventh and forty-ninth degrees
of north latitude; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. ALDRICH also introduced a bill to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public lands;
which was read a first and second time, and re*
ferrcd to the Committee on Public Lands.
RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
Mr. STOUT introduced a bill for the removal
of obstructions to navigation in thcMissouii and
Columbia rivers; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
OREGON INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
Mr. STOUT. As I am on the special com-
mittee of thirty-three now in session, and shall
not be in the Hall when my State will be called
for resolutions, I ask the consent of the House
to enable me to introduce a resolution, to which
there will be no objection, simply for the purpose
of having it referred to the Committee on Indinn
Affairs.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War and Secretary of
thelntenor be requested toiepoitto Congiesb all mionna-
tion in their po-^ossion m relation to depredations com-
mitted by the Indians in the State of Oregon and the Ter-
rify of Washington duung the pro&ent year, and especially
in relation to the late in.e-sacie of emigrants by the Snake
RivPr Indians; also, the relation now existing between tlna
Government and said Snake ltivei Indians.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I suppose there is no ne-
cessity for the reference of that resolution. It is
merely a call for information. I would suggest
that the gentleman add a provision that no addi
tional force shall be employed by the Department
in furnishing the information, and then that the
resolution be adopted.
Mr. STOUT. I should be very willing to in-
sert the amendment suggested by the gentleman
from Georgia; but having received the courtesy of
the House to introduce the resolution for refer-
ence, I dislike to ask a further indulgence for its
passage.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I hope the resolution will
be modified as I have suggested, and passed.
There being no objection, the resolution was
accordingly modified, and adopted.
PXJGET SOUND DEFENSES.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, introduced a
bill for the defense of Puget sound and the en-
trance of the Columbia river; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
WASHINGTON MILITARY ROADS.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also intro-
duced a bill for the construction of a military road
in the Territory of Washington; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also intro-
duced a bill for the completion of military roads
in the Territory of Washington; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
WASHINGTON PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also intro-
duced a bill for the completion of public buildings
in the Territory of Washington; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
KANSAS PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. PARROTT introduced a bill making ap-
propriations fur the public buildings in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
EXTINCTION OF CHEROKEE TITLE.
Mr. PARROTT also, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affaiis be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing bylaw
for the extinction of the title of the Cheiokee Indians to
the tract of country known as the neutral lands lying in
the Territory of Kansas.
