1066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Mr, STANTON, I do not see very well how
one privileged report supersedes another in this
way. If we are to go into a discussion of this
matter now, it will occupy the day to thfc exclu-
sion of the bill which I reported in regard to the
militia.
Mr. DAWES. No one desires to reply to the
gentleman from North Carolina. He only wishes
to put himself right.
Mr. SPINNER. It is understood that the re-
port goes in the Globe, and that the gentleman's
remarks shall appear in the Globe at the same
time. I do not, therefore, see any necessity for
reading the report.
Mr. DAWES. Yes; but the gentleman from
North Carolina feels called upon to animadvert
on the report.
Mr. SPINNER. The gentleman knows al-
ready what the report is.
Mr. DAWES. But if he proposes to animad-
vert on the report before the House, I think we
ought to have the report read.
Mr. BRANCH. I do not ask for the reading
of the report, or that its reading shall be dispensed
with. I am willing that the gentleman fromMas-
sachusetts may pursue his own course in that
respect.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman's remarks
are to go in the Globe without being delivered in
the House, I have no objection. But if he is to
deliver remarks in the House animadverting on
the report, I think the report should be read. It
is short, and will not occupy much time.
Mr. BRANCH. It will be observed, Mr.
Speaker, that the reason why feask to submit my
remarks orally is in consequence of the physical
inability of my submitting minority reports in all
the cases reported from this committee. This is
the fourth report made, in each one of which I
have been under the necessity of submitting mi-
nority reports. There are two other reports to
be made this week; and I think it must bo obvi-
ous to the Honse that it is physically impossible
for me, without a total neglect of all the other
public duties devolving on me, to prepare minority
reports in each case Hence the committee agreed
that they would not consider it improper in me,
when the resolutions came before the House, to
submit what few remarks I might desire to make
verbally, in order that the reporters might take
them down, and thus save myself the time and
trouble of writing tliem out. My remarks will
not be long, and will bo only, to a very limited
extent, in comment on tiic report. They will be
simply on the general features of the evidence as
they rest on my mind.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have no objection whatever
to having the report of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts road. It seems to be due to the gentle-
man from North Carolina, that he should have an
opportunity to be heard in reply to it.; but I wish
to understand the course which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] proposes to take on his
bill,before I can give any consent to the prosecu-
tion of the matter at this time. If, at the end of
the morning hour, the bill of the gentleman from
Ohio is to go over, and be voted on without fur-
ther debate, then I would object to having this
matter taken up this morning. If, however, the
gentleman from Ohio will allow his bill to go over
tiil to-morrow, then I have 110 objection. I wish
to conform entirely to the convenience of the
House.
Mr. STANTON. My expectation was, that
to-day should be occupied with the consideration
and discussion of this bill, and then I wished to
close the discussion. I think that is as liberal an
allowance of discussion as could be expected.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not know, Mr. Speaker,
whether, except by unanimous consent—and I
doubt whether that can be obtained—the debate
upon this bill can go on beyond the morning hour,
because at the expiration of the morning hour the
report of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cor-
win,] from the committee of thirty-three, comes
up as the regular order of business; and the bill
of the other gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton]
goes over, as a matter of course. There will be
this difficulty in extending its consideration for
to-day, even if the majority of the House decide
it; for some member must, 111 the first place, obtain
the floor to move to postpone the special order;
and when that special order shall have been post-
poned, this bill will not come uo then in order,
for under your parliamentary rules the bill will
have gone over until to-morrow. If time is to be
taken up by this report at this time, for its read-
ing and the remarks of the gentleman from North
Carolinaj I think there should be some under-
standing that the bill of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stanton] shall not go over at the expira-
tion of the morning hour.
Mr. DAWES. I will not press the reading of
the report at this time. Let it go in the Globe of
to-morrow, and let the gentleman from North
Carolina either submit his remarks to accompany
the report now, or let him reserve them for the
consideration of the report when it shall come up
for consideration.
Mr. STANTON. I cannot consent to the prop-
osition that the gentleman from North Carolina
shall submit his remarks now, unless he can give
us some assurance of the time he is to occupy;
for when he takes the floor, he will, of course,
submit to interruptions, and so the whole morn-
ing hour will be occupied. Unless wo can have
some such positive assurance, therefore, I must
insist on the regular order of business.
Mr. BRANCH. I never was able in my life
to tell the length of time I should occupy m re-
marks I proposed to make. I canassure the gen-
tleman that they will not, on this occasion, be
very extensive. I do not thinlc they will exceed
a very few minutes; but I have made no prepara-
tion whatever, until within the last ten minutes;
and it is impossible, therefore, to say the precise
time I shall occupy.
Mr. STANTON. I think that we had better
go on with the regular order of business.
Mr. BRANCH. I will say to the gentleman
that I have no disposition to prevent the full and
free discussion upon either of the two very im-
portant bills which I believe it is intended to press
to a vote to-day. The large amount of business,
and the number of papers before the select com-
mittee of which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts is chairman, has rendered it impossible for
me, with any convenience to myself, to prepare
minority reports in'each case. But if the gentle-
man from Massachusetts will withdraw his report
for the present, and again submit it to-morrow, I
will endeavor, in the mean time, to submit my
views in writing; but whatever course is taken, I
think, in justice to the Secretary whose conduct
is called in question, that my remarks should go
forth to the country in connection with the report
of the majority of the committee.
Mr. DAWES. I must make this proposition,
then, which will accommodate thegentleman from
North Carolina! let the report of the committee
be published in the Globe; let the gentleman from
North Carolina in the course of the day prepare
his minority report, give it in to the Globe office
to-night, and it will go forth to the country fol-
lowing the report of the majority of the com-
mittee.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts and the House will perceive that the ob-
ject I am trying to accomplish is, that my views
shall go out with the report of the majority of
the committee. I, am not able to prepare my
views in writing this morning; but if the gentle-
man from Massachusetts will withhold his report
until to-morrow, I will endeavor, in the course of
the day and night, to prepare my report.
Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman from
North Carolina does not understand me. The
suggestion I made was, that the report should
now, without reading, be given to the reporters
of the Globe. The gentleman from North Caro-
lina may then, in the course of the day and even-
ing, at any time before ten o'clock to-night,
prepare his report, and it will come out in the
morning, and accompany the report.
Mr. BRANCH. I have before stated that this
committee have already made four reports. In
two instances, I have submitted minority reports
in writing. Now, I will say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, in response to his sugges-
tion, that the two reports I have written have-not
been commenced until after nine o'clock at night.
The laborious work of the day will not permit me
to place in writing my views upon this report as
soon as ten o'clock to-nio-ht.
Mr. DAWES. Well, sir, I am very desirous
of accommodating thegentleman from North Car-
olina; and if it is the understanding that this re-
port may be again presented to-morrow morning, |
and that it may go in the Globe, I will now with-
draw it.
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion ; and will consider that to be the understanding.
employes of tiie hotjse.
Mr. SPINNER. I ask the consent of the
House to report a bill for the purpose of having
it printed.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not desire to be discour-
teous to any gentleman; but, under the circum-
stances, I cannot yield further, for any purpose
whatever.
Mr. SPINNER. It is a privileged report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York presents a privileged report
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is on the floor upon a privileged report.
One privileged report cannot supersede another
in this way.
The SPEAKER. The report cannot be re-
ceived, if objection be made.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to submit the report,
and have it printed. I presume no one will object
to that.
Mr. BOCOCK. I cannot yield the floor. If
all the gentleman wants is to have his bill printed,
I have no objection.
Mr. SPINNER. I should like, also, to have
it made the special order for some day. The bill
is for the reorganization of the employes of the
House, by which the Government will be saved
an expense of $60,000 per annum. I would like
to make it a special order for some day which
may suit the convenience of the House.
Mr. BOCOCK. I cannot yield the floor for
that. The morning hour will run out, and ws
shall have no discussion upon the bill of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton.]
message from the president.
A message was received from thePresidentofthe
United States, by A. J. Glossbuenner, his Pri-
vate Secretary, informing the House that he had
approved and signed a joint resolution authoriz-
ing the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
to revise and adjust theaccount of John Randolph
Clay, United States minister to Peru; and an act
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of Juno, 1862.
the militia again.
Mr. BOCOCK spoke for three quarters of an
hour, without concluding his remarks. [His
speech complete will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired ; and it is the duty of the Chair to announce
the special order on the resolutions of the com-
mittee of thirty-three, on which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Yallandiqham] is entitled to the
floor When this business is resumed, the gen-
tleman from Virginia will be entitled to the floor
for a quarter of an hour.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman from Ohio
will permit me, I will move that the consideration
of this bill be postponed till next Monday at one
o'clock, and made the special order.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object to any yielding the
floor. If the gentleman yields at all, he must
yield unconditionally.
Mr. GROW. I do not think the gentleman
from North Carolinaunderstood the motien of the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. STANTON. My proposition is to have
this bill go over until Monday. I do not like to
have it running, from day to day, merely during
the morning hour. I propose, therefore, to have
it go over until Monday.
Mr. WINSLOW. How many days' debate
will you give us on it then?
Mr. STANTON. Not very long, of course,
at this period of the session.
nJr- • How many days ?
Mr. STANTON. During the whole of that
day.
Mr. WINSLOW. Is not the gentleman will-
ing to give us a couple*of days ?
Mr. STANTON. I do not think we ought to
take mora than one day at this period of the
session.
Then I must object.
Mr. STANTON. Then, if we cannot make
that arrangement, I shall endeavor to-morrow
morning to put the bill oil its passage
