1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SICKLES. I would suggest'that this bill
be allowed to go over until to-morrow, and that
the House then make some arrangement in refer-
ence to its final disposition.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would suggest
that we devote to-morrow to the discussion of
this bill
Mr. STANTON. I have no objection to that
arrangement. I desire, however, to renew the
demand for the previous question for the purpose
of bringing up the bill in the morning.
The SPEAKER. The bill will come up as
unfinished business in the morning hour without
the necessity of the demand for the previous ques-
tion
STATE 01? THE UNION
The report of the committee of thirty-three was
then called up as the special order.
Mr. VALL AND1GHAM addressed the House
at length upon the state of the Union. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. BARRET obtained the floor
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. "With the permission of
the gentleman from Missouri, I will move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union for the purpose of finishing
the consideration of the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. BARRET. I will yield, with the under-
standing that I shall have the floor when this
subject comes up again.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman will of
course have the floor. Pending the motion I have
made, I move that all general debate upon the
naval appropriation bill be terminated within one
hour after its consideration shall be resumed in
committee.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will not insist on that motion. The whole
hour will, I have no doubt, be consumed by one
gentleman, and all others who desire to speak will
be confined to the five minutes' debate. If the
gentleman will modify his motion so as to limit
the speeches to ten or fifteen minutes, I will not
object. But to those who would desire to engage
in the hour debate upon the amendment under
consideration upon the naval appropriation bill, it
will be impossible to engage in such a debate with
any justice under the five minutes' rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should have no objection
to that; but the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Garnett] is entitled to the floor in committee,
and it would not be courteous to cut short his
hour.
Mr. BRANCH. What I propose is, that the
debate shall be,confined to speeches of ten or fif-
teen minutes each, after the hour to which the
gentleman fiom Virginia is entitled shall have
expired.
Mr. SHERMAN. I prefer to insist on my
motion.
Mr. BARRET. Do I understand that I am not
to lose my right to the floor?
The SPEAKER. When the hour arrives the
special order will be called; and the gentleman
will then be entitled to the floor.
Mr. BARRET. On that understanding I yield
the floor
Mr. SHERMAN. I now submit my motion
for the termination of debate on the Senate amend-
ments to the Navy appropriation bill in one hour
after their consideration shall be resumed in the
Committeeof the Whole on thestate ofthe Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee ofthe Wholeon the state ofthe Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committeeof the Whole on the state ofthe Union,
(Mr. Colfax in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The amendments of the
Senate to the Navy appropriation bill are before
the committee, as a special order. On the eigh-
teenth amendment—which is the pending amend-
ment—the gentleman from Virginia [I\lr. Gar-
nett] is entitled to the floor.
The Clerk read the eighteenth amendment of
the Senate, as follows:
Sec. 9. Jind be U further eilacled. That the Secretary of
the Navy be, and ho is hereby, authorized to cause to bo
constructed for the United States Navy, at as early a day
as practicable, having due regard to efficiency and econ-
omy, seven steam screw sloops-of-war of the second class,
as vessels are rated in the Navy, with full steam power,
whose greatest draught of water shall not exceed fourteen
feet, which sloops shall combine the heaviest armament and
greatest speed compatible with their character and tonnage;
and for the purpose above specified, the sum of $1,120,000
be, and the same is hereby, appropiiated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be expended
under the direction of the Secietary of the Navy.
Mr.GARNETT. I move thefollowing amend-
ment:
Provided, That the sa!d ships shall not be used to execute
the Federal laws, or aid other land and naval forces in ex-
ecuting the Federal laws, in States claiming to be without
the Fedeial jurisdiction.
Mr. Chairman, I addressed you yesterday,
without any view of making a speech. I do not
now expect to occupy the hour assigned me un-
der the rules. My only desire is that this amend-
ment of the Senate shall not be sanctioned by the
House, without some inquiry; and I have sub-
mitted an amendment to the amendment, in order
to test the design of the party upon the other side.
I feel assured, Mr. Chairman, that the financial
condition of the country would be a sufficient
reason in time of peace to induce the non-con-
currence of the House. The Secretary of the
Navy has, for the last two years, recommended
an increase of the Navy; and I believe that an
amendment similar to this was introduced and re-
jected. Why, then, shall we now regard a rec-
ommendation which heretofore we refused orneg-
lected? Why, at this time,*when your Treasury
ia in a condition of bankruptcy, when you are
attempting in every direction and in every possi-
ble form to borrow money—in loans, in Treasury
notes, and in the issue of the old continental
money—seeking here and there indorsements for
the bonds of your bankrupt and mendicant Gov-
ernment—why select this time to increase the
Navy? Is there any foreign war threatened? On
the contrary, there never was a period when our
relations with the nations of the world were more
peaceful. I think, sir, that the true purport and
intent of this amendment is to be found in the
present condition of the country. I think it was
disclosed in the debate which occurred in the
Spnate, and was avowed in the remarks of the
Senators from Maine, Vermont, and New York.
Ay, sir, it was admitted that steamers of this
peculiar draught and armament were needed in
southern harbors, to do what those Senators call
enforcing the laws in States which claim to be
without our jurisdiction.
I have been told that these vessels cannot be
built in time for immediate coercion. The chair-
mail of Ways and Means said yesterday, that the
trees are not yet cut out of which they are to be
built. But I cannot doubt that the timber and re-
sources of our navy-yard and shops will enable
us to build these vessels in a much shorter time
than the gentleman computes. And be this as it
may, the sooner begun the sooner finished, and
if gentlemen on the other side mean war, they do
well to commence their preparations at once. No-
thing but such designs could explain or justify this
additional burden upon your finances, already
crushcd and crippled.
Have we not every proof that reasonable men
can have, that it is the purpose of the Republican
party and of the incoming Administration to
execute the laws, to coerce, to make war 7 Hear
their speeches in this House, and in the Senate.
Look at the measures already before you. Your
Committee on Military Affairs and your special
committee of five have reported bills placing at
the disposal of the President all the land and naval
forces and the whole body of the militia of the
United States, and as many volunteers as ho can
get. There is no limit on the number he may call
out, as in former wars. The only limit is the
number of men in the United States. My col-
league, behind me, reminds me that there is not
even that limit. He can accept volunteers from
any part of the world. The regular Army is com-
posed, in great part, of foreigners. Under these
bills you may enlist volunteer hirelings, as the
British, in times past, hired Hessians to make war
011 our fathers for asserting their right of self-
government. So you will, under these bills, ask
for power to hire mercenaries from every part of
the world to suppress the operation of the same
sacred privilege by their sons of the South.
Mr Chairman, the select committee of five has
also reported a, bill to blockade the southern ports,
and to seize and confiscate every vessel which
may attempt to enter them.' The Committee on
the Judicially has reported a bill, (which, I am
told , has been indorsed by a Republican caucus,)'
stationing vessels of war off the southern har-
bors, and transferring the custom-houses to those
ships for the collection of the revenues. Two
thirds of this House the other day refused to re-
ject a force-bill reported from the Committee on
Naval Affairs. Such facts are conclusive of the
purpose of the Republican party, and are corrob-
orated by the declarations of the Presidentelect.
In his Indianapolis speech he declares himself in
favor of coercion, ana he avowed the same senti-
ment to a gentleman from Kentucky. I refer to
a recent conversation between Mr. Hutchison, a
member of the Kentucky Legislature, and Mr.
Lincoln, on a visit to the President elect. I am
told that Mr. Hutchison is a member of that Union
party, as it calls itself, which is willing to accept
any good compromise if to be had, and failing to
get that, to take the worst that is offered, and if
none is offered, to accept nothing at all, or any-
thing, short of absolute submission to the aboli-
tion of slavery by the General Government.
Well, sir, Mr. Hutchison visited Mr. Lincoln,
and was asked by him if the anti-coercive reso-
lutions passed almost unanimously by the Ken-
tucky Legislature, expressed the sentiment of the
people of Kentucky. Mr. Hutchison replied that
the people of Kentucky are for the Union; that
they will cling to it as the sheet-anchor of their
hopes; that they would make any sacrifice which
freemen could make to preserve it; but he thought,
if any attempt should be made to coerce the se-
ceding States by Federal arms, they would make
common cause with the South; that he believed
the resolutions expressed the sentiment of the
State. Lincoln then said, with emphasis: "If
Kentuclcy means to say that if the Federal Gov-
ernment undertook to recapture the southern forts
and collect the revenue, and war ensue, she will
unite with the South, let her prepare for war."
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to know of the gentle-
man from Virginia whether he knows that there
is any such person in existence as this Mr. Hutch-
ison ? I am told that there is no such man.
Mr. BURNETT I will answer the gentleman
from Iowa, with the permission of the gentleman
from Virginia, that there is such a person. I am
not personally acquainted with him; but he resides
in Boyle county, and is a member of the Ken-
tucky Legislature. And I will state further, that
I understand he has, in a private letter, said that
the statement which the gentleman from Virginia
has referred to is substantially correct.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I will say further
to the gentleman from Iowa, that the New York
Tribune of yesterday publishes this statement of
Mr. Lincoln's conversation with Mr. Hutchison,
and does not deny its truth at all.
Mr. GARNETT. Yes, sir; and the Tribune
also states in the same connection, that the writer
knows this declaration to correspond with Mr.
Lincoln's sentiments. The writerstates that upon
his own authority; and when that statement is
taken m connection with the fact that Mr. Gree-
ley has lately been traveling with Mr. Lincoln, I
think it is pretty good authority.
Mr. CURTIS. I asked the question because
I have heard it said that no such conversation
ever took place, and that there was no such man.
Mr. GARNETT. Well, sir, the gentleman
now has it from a member of this House from
Kentucky, that Mr. Hutchison is a member of
the Kentucky Legislature, and that he has veri-
fied this statement of his conversation with Mr
Lincoln over his own signature
Mr. BROWN. I will state to the gentleman
that I know Mr. Hutchison personally, that I
know hira to be a man of respectability and ver-
acity, and that any statement he may make may
be relied on asjpcrfectly accurate.
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman from Iowa
must be now satisfied that the person who makes
this statement is a reliable and respectable gen-
tleman.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not mean to com-
plain of Mr. Lincoln's declaring his purpose. I
rather commend it. I may doubt the wisdom of
a President elect, at such a time as this, publish-
ing such a momentous policy in private conver-
sation, and in roadside speeches. I may think
