1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
GEORGE FISIIEK.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask the consent of the
House to submit a resolution merely for the pur-
pose of reference.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian AlFaiis be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of rescinding a les-
olution lelatmg to the claim of'George Fislier?lateo  Flor-
ida, deceased, passed at the first session of the present
Congress, approved June 1, I860.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask that the res-
olution may be again read. I do not think it is
understood.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman from Flor-
ida [Mr. Hawkins] is not in his seat. I do not
know the character of the claim which was passed
upon at the first session of the present Congress.
I ask the gentleman from New Hampshire to
postpone the introduction of the resolution until
some day when the gentleman from Florida will
be in his seat.
Mr. EDWARDS. I would accede at once to
the request were it not importantthat there should
be immediate progress made in this measure, if
any progress is to be made at all. If the gentle-
man from Florida were present, I do not think
that he would object to or oppose the adoption of
my resolution. It is a resolution merely of in-
quiry; nothing beyond that.
Mr. CK.AWF011D. 1 merely make the sug-
gestion to the gentleman who offered the resolu-
tion, and he can accept it or not, as he pleases.
Mr. EDWARDS. I hope the resolution will
be adopted. It ought at once to be before the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
The resolution was adopted.
UNITED STATES AR3IORIES.
Mr. DELANO offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
licsolie</, That the Committee on Militaiy Affairs be in-
structed to mquite whether the United States armones at
Springfield and Iiai pei's Fcriy as enow worked, or in a con-
dition to be woiked, up to then lull capacity in the labu-
cution ofarms; and whether any plans, estimate?, or recom-
mendations, looking to the more efficient operation of those
establishments, or eithei of them, have been submitted to
the War Depaitment; and to report tiie result of their in-
quiry at any time.
UNITED STATES ARMS WHERE DEPOSITED.
Mr. DELANO. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Rcsolred, That the Secretaiy of Wai be requested tofm-
nisli to tliib Houso statements allowing liovv many ^tund of
arms of the latest standard model, manufacttued at the na-
tional anuoues. arc now in the immediate custody of the
United Btate<, and wlieie deposited; also, how many of
any uiferio] model aie m the like custody, and where de
posited; also, how many aims of the manufacture of the
United States ;uniones, and ot wiiat model, have been iur-
liifehcd to cither of tin: States, or otherwise disposed of,
since the 1st ofJanuaiv, 1S50, and under what authority.
Mr. H1NDMAN. Before that resolution is
received, 1 ask that it be again read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Ate the resolutions under
this call offered for adoption?
The SPEAKER. They are; but if there is
debate on this resolution, it must lie over under
the iylc.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to understand
more about this resolution than I know at pres-
ent, and I think it had better lie over for the
present.
Mr. DELANO. I can, in a word of explana-
tion, obviate the gentleman's objection.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The member from Mas-
sachusetts calls upon the Secretary of War to
give him the authority utider which lie has pro-
ceeded, if he has proceeded at all, to dispose of
any of the arms of the United States. He asks
to be informed what numbers of arms have been
distributed to certain localities from the Spring-
field and Harper's Ferry armories duringtlie"prcs-
ent year; and he also asks to be informed of the
character of those arms. Now, as to the author-
ity by which the Secretary of War may have
done this thing, the gentleman ought himself to
he informed; and therefore 1 must object to the
resolution being taken up for consideration at this
time. 1 want to have an opportunity of looking
into it.
Mr. DELANO. I move that the rules be sus-
pended in order that I may introduce the resolu-
tion. If I am allowed a word of explanation, I
can obviate the gentleman's objection.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move to
suspend the rules, the hour set apart for this call
not yet having expired.
Mr. DELANO. I withdraw the resolution for
the present.
TUB UNION.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE offered the following
preamble and resolutions; which were read, con-
sidered, and referred to the select committee of
thirty-three:
Whereas a conflict of opinion, dangerous to the peace
and permanence of the Union, has arisen concerning the
true intent and meaning of the Constitution of the United
States in relation to African slaveiy within the Territories
of the United States*; and whereas the opinion of the ma-
jority of the court pronounced in tiie Supt erne Court of the
United States, in the Died Scott case, determines that tiie
citizens of the United States have an equal right to take
witli them into the Tetutoiies of the United States any
aiticle of property winch the Constitution of the United
States rceogmz,es as property, and that said Constitution
recognizes slaves as property; and further, that the light
neither of persons nor of property can be destroyed or im-
paired by either congressional or territorial legislation; and
whereas such dctcimination, while it ha-* been accepted by
some as a judicial exposition of the Constitution aforesaid
by the supreme judicial tribunal, has by others been re-
jected as destitute of the force ot a judicial precedent; yet,
in view of the probability that tuch opinion will hereafter
become the reason of decisions of a similar character by
the same tribunal, and in the hope of avei ting the immeas-
uiable calamities which national dissolution thieatens:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the opinion of the majority of the Su-
premo Court of the United States, delivered by Chief Jus-
tice Taney, in the Dred Scott case, should bo received as
the settlement of the questions, under the Constitution of
the United States, tSieicin discussed and decided.
Resolved fuithei, (two thirds ot both Houses concurring.)
That the following articles be proposed as an amendment
to tiie Constitution of the United States, which, when rat-
ified by conventions in three foutthsof the several State*,
shall he valid as pait of fcuch Constitution, namely: Con-
giess may establish governments foi the Territories of the
United States; but any Territory havmga population equal
to the constituency ot one member of Congiess, and hav-
ing adopted, by a vote of the citizens of the United Stares
resident therein, a constitution lepublican in foim, may be
admitted bj Congress into this Union as a State; and nei-
thei Congress nor the people of a Territory, during the
territorial condition, shall, by legislation 01 otherwise, an-
nul or impair the lights of property recognized by the Jaws
of any of the States.
METROPOLITAN POSTAL DISTRICT.
Mr. SICKLES offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Jloads be instructed to inquire mto the expediency of
establishing a metiopolitan postal district for the deliveiy
of letteis and newsp.ipeis, daily or oltenei, within a limit
of twelve miles around the City Hall, in the city ot New
Yoik ; and that, said committee be authorized to report by
hill or othei wise.
TIIE UNION AGAIN.
Mr. SICKLES offered the following preamble
and resolutions; which were read,consideied, and
referred to the select committee of thirty-three:
Wheieas it is repiescnted that one or more of the States
have drelaied, thiomjh their executive and legislative au-
thorities, the desire of such States to reconsider and annul
their ratification ot the Constitution establishing the Gov-
ernment ot the United States ; and whereas conflicting
opinions prevail as to the right of any State to secede from
the Union; and whereas if is expedient to prescribe the
mode iu which a State may resume itssovcieignty with the
consent of the other States, thereby removing all occasion
tor the employment of forcible means, of constraint, or re-
sistance, and, at the same time, pioviding additional guar-
antees against injustice by ordaining an effectual, prompt,
and peaceful remedy for grievances:
Be it therefore resolved, That the Congress propose to the
several States the following amendment to the Constitu-
tion :
Art. 8. Whenever a convention of delegates, chosen in
any Slate by the people thereof, under the recommendation
of its Legislature, shall lescind and annul its ratification of
this Constitution, the Piesident shall nominate, and by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate shall appoint,
commissioner, not exceeding three, to confer with the
duly appointed agents of such State, and agree upon the
disposition of the public property and terntoiy belonging
to the United States lying within such State, and upon the
proportion of the public debt to be assumed and paid by
such State ; and if the President shall oppiove the settle-
ment agteed upon by the commissioners, he shall there-
upon transmit the same to the Senate, and upon the ratifi-
cation thereof by two thirds of the Senators present, he shall
forthwith issue his piociamation declaring the assent of the
United States to the .withdrawal of such State from the
Union.
Mr. ADRAIN. I offer the following preamble
and resolution, and move that they be adopted:
Whereas the Constitution of the United States is the
supreme law of the land, and lte ready and faithful observ-
ance the duty of all good and law-abiding citizens: There-
fore, ' T.
Resohed, That we deprecate the spiiit of disobedience
to that Constitution whereyer manifested, and that we
earnestly recommend the repeal of all statutes enacted by
State Legislatures conflicting with, and in violation of,
that sacred instrument and the laws of Congre&s made in
pursuance thereof.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of that resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I believe, sir, the
morning hour has expired.
The SPEAKER. It has not'expired.
Mr. ADRAIN. I hope we shall vote upon the ■
resolution.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have an amend-
ment to offer to that resolution.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the resolution.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have the floor/
Mr. BURNETT. I respectfully submit that
the gentleman from New York was upon the
floor long before the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Etheridge,] and addressed the Speaker,
and that the Speaker, though he may have for-
gotten it, recognized him.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demanded
the previous question long ago.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I was upon the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
gentleman from Illinois, and will recognize him
now if he says he demanded the previous ques-
tion before the gentleman from New York took
the floor to offer an amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I think, upon re-
flection, that it will be admitted by every one that
I had the floor. I proposed, as an amendment
to the resolution, that the personal liberty bills
and all such resolutions of States wherever passed
shall be repealed by the States.
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution as it stands
covcrs that and everything else.
Mr. ADRAIN. 1 introduced the resolution,
and it covers personal liberty bills, and was in-
tended to reach them. The resolution uses the
language, " all statutes enacted by State Legis-
latures.M I have no objection to accepting the
modification suggested by the gentleman from
New York; and I do accept his amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The mover of the
resolution accepts the amendment, and I call the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. Let us have no confusion.
The demand for the previous question is upon
the original resolution.
Mr. HINDMAN. Was not the amendment
accepted by the mover?
The SPEAKER. Did the gcntleman from New
'Jersey accept the modification ?
Mr. ADRAIN.* I hope gentlemen will retain
their seats a moment until 1 say a word.
Mr. STANTON. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. ADRAIN. I accepted the amendment, and
I call the previous question upon the resolution
as modified.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from New
Jersey has a right to modify his resolution, and
he has done so.
Mr. ADRAIN. I have accepted the modifica-
tion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want the resolu-
tion read as modified.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question ofordcr.
I understand that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wasiiburne] demanded the previous question
before the resolution was modified; and after the
previous question has been demanded the gentle-
man from New Jersey cannot modify his resolu-
tion. It must he submitted to the House as it was
originally offered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
states to the Chair that he demanded the previous
question. I ask the gentleman from Illinois if that
was before the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cochrane] proposed to amend the resolution?
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think it
was about the same time.
The SPEAKER. Under that statement, the
Chair decides that the resolution was modified in
time; and the pending question is the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to offer another
modification. If the gentleman will include, not
only personal liberty bills, but all other nullify-
ing laws, I shall have no objection; otherwise, I
shall move to lay the resolution 011 the table.
